_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ cpnpT iHn PT AV iafUKl AJNU rUAX. LIV " OLVMI'US." IT was a piece of rare good fortune winning the f^gg on suc)'5 j)03-i'cct day for cricket as Saturday tul.110cj out, t)ie hreeze. that was blowing being all il!,.lillst the bowlers. I don't knuw that it aifectHj the scoring to any great extent on t,li« gout|, Melbourne Cricket'(3round, where North ,.,,n(i South met in the fourth round of t.he pennant competition. Elated with their brilliant display against ,, East Melbourne the previous Saturday, the Southerners were extremely jubilant when the spin of the coin resulted in their favour, albeit they received a slight rebull whent Maplestone scooted Harry 1 rott to the rightabout f or 2\. when the total was only 10. 1 his caused Idarry Graham to partner Bowman, the pair of them advancing the score by another hallcentury, when the latter was snapped up in the slips by Carlton off Stuckey for 111. Sam Morris was the next to appear oil the scene, and between him and ••(Jrnmmy" (us Grain mi has been dubbed his cricketing chums) runs came with by ' " light ning-like rapidity, Morris especially laying on the wood in splendid style. It was uot until tbe score reached 1114- that a separation was effect,ed by Harry Stuckey bowlmg Moms, \vhos« contribution of 80 included nine " fourers" and two "fives." " Jigger " Morehousedidn t trouble the scorers, Crystal dismissing hint for tho dreaded duck ; whilst Maplestone succeeded in breaking through A. E. Trott's defence after that batsman had compiled K! very nicely. Five wickets were down for 2:1(1 when P. Lyons joined Graham, and the Northerners were again treated to very vigorous exercise in the way of leather. hunting. Still they stuck to their guns like bricks, and in tbe main fielded up splendidly albeit every now and again the batsmen would send one careering to the chains much faster than t]l0 fleetest ot' the fieldsmen could pursue it. The third ceutui.v was i>a?sod by ^ runs before a dissoludon ^ place through Lyons being unfortunatel run „,lt aft(!,. umkjn|r „, dashing etforcto t bac'k t0 his cn?aso after „ .. back up" which Graham refused. The retiring batsman had made aR -n firsl<la4B 8tyj6 aT11j general regret ex])ressed that his inniugs should have been b ht t„ fillch pl.mnature close, as he seemed tQ liav(, a perl(;l.t. maBtery over the bowling. In this connection, however, nothing could possibly excel the nonchalant manner in which Graham treated the miirhtiesteffortsof theNorth Melbourne trundlers to dislodge him. Apparently the ball must have been as a ltughy football to him, as tc ,vflrds the latter end of the afternoon's play ho never allowed one to pass without playing it hard, whilst the styln in which lie jumped out to them occasionally, varying his strokes right round the comyass, was second only, in my opiniou, to Cbarlf.v B«»n' j riiiQ»'6 famous innings of 1<W (rotired hurt) against Lilly white's powerful oomhjnation of English criclvPtfrs on the Melbourne Orickot Ground iu March, 1887. So vigorous (n«»t to say reckless) did Graham appear to be that as the hands ot ihe clock approached the mystic hour of lwW.paRt six o'clock his delighted admirers were loud in tlu-ir admonitions lor him to " Play steady !"' so that he might have a fair "whang " again next Saturday; and the warning vercot allowed to pass unnotieed, tl.e consequence being tlmt when stumps were drawn for the day Graham was not out with 155 i opposite his name, h i s k n o 11 ws being Uunlop, with 22. Now, mind you, I don't mean to say that Harry Graham played faultless cricket for his large score—far from it. As a matter of fact he gave the bowler (Carlton) a chance when he had only scored 2S, but it was a clmnce that proved a little too hot to hold. At 58, too, the same bowler missed another opportunity of getting rid of him, but this was also a very difficult chance. But then it'6 a moral impossibility for a batsman to knock uj) 155 runs out of i gross total of 34-1 in one afternoon's play on a large ground like South Melbourne without " having a squeak or two " during the transaction. For all that, Graham's display was au extremely creditable performance, and one that must bring him into prominence as a candidate for Intercolonial honours ; because he is also a slap-up fieldsman, and as plucky as a Scotch terrier. Another thins, he knows himself that he is a real good mnu, and. moreover, has the courage of his opinions. 1 had proof positive on that point one evening last week, whilst he was taking mo to task over tho fifteen I had selected from which to pick an eleven to face the New South Wales men on the 24th December. " I see you don't think 1 am good enough to be in tho fifteen ?" he said, putting the statement in the form of an interrogatory. " Well, J am perfectly well aware that.you are a grand field and a good bat, Harry." I replied; "but I have not seen enough of you this season to pick you as one of the first team, although, along with three or four others, 1 should certainly give you a chance of distinguishing yourselves in intercolonial—say, against South Australia or Tasmania." " That's ail right," be responded ; " hut I fancy I'm quite good enough to be in that fifteen, and if you come over to the South ground in uur match against North Melbourne you will say so. too !" And, by golly, Harry Graham was quite right; 1 did say so, and uttered naught but the Cold Truth when I uttered m? thoughts. I MUST give a word of praise iu passing to Sam Morris for his excellent score. He, too, gave a couple of chances—both to Drape ; but, despite these drawbacks, his innings cannot be spoken of save ill terms of highest praise. THF.RK'R not the slightest shadow of doubt about the mammoth compilation of 341 runs for the loss of only six wickets coming as something in the light of a Revelation to the supporters of North Melbourne, who were certainly never prepared for such an onslaught on to .Tack Carlton and Maplestone.as that. Rut there—Cricket's a Rummy Game, and a game wherein it's always the unlikely that happens. Of course 311 runs oa the board, with four wickets still to fall, is a bit of a handicap to tackle next Saturday; but— you never can (ell at cricket no more than you can at horseracing. If my memory serves me right, it will be exactly eight years ago come next Roxing Day that the New South Wales men sent down a team who piled up no less than 403 runs against us in their first inYiin«rfi. innings. That, was a urettv pretty fair ""set" —was it not? Rut it turned out to be not of the slightest use, as our boys wired in and aclmUy heat than in one huiingswith 5runstospare! Thafsapositive fact; the funny part ofthe business being that we only made 482 runs in our first innings, but succeeded in getting rid of them in their second venture for 74. The reverse was all the more galling to our Sydney cousins from the tact that the year before" they went in first ou tho Mel bourne ground and hit up 412 in their first innings, which the Vies, responded to with 420. In their second inniugs the Welshmen were got rid of for 143, whilst our fellows scored 1313 for the loss of only seven wickets, and won the match. So that you will perceive although the South and North match looks like a " dead bird" for the Red and White, it is quite on the cards for Nousey Dick and his pals to make things very unsettled even yet. Although for my own part I have always preferred to see' the runs down on the scoring book rather than accept the risk of making them. J WAS extremely disappointed with tho play of St. Kilda against Melbourne on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, especially after the good start they made. Monty Smith and Jem Slight started operations on behalf of the Saints, the latter being into Chariey Ross' hands at mid-on after he had scored 7. Between George M'Shane and Smith a very good staud was made, 54 runs being scored prior to Smith being caught by Pawkins ofl! Trunible in the slips and retiring for 14. When Geordie Palmer and " The M 'Shane " got together it was confidently expected that a lot of runs would be put on before a separation was effocted, and all the more so as - " Mac" Mnn had had uo .less than three "lives " given him during his previous career. However, his guardian angel neglected to hover o'er him ou Trumble delivering "a bumpy one," Dinny Cotter, who was keeping rickets, effecting a smart catch which dismissed " P. G." for 37. Ahorii, who followed, only scored 2, when he attempted to drag a perfectly straight ball from Phillips rouud to leg and failed ignominiously in the attempt. E. Keogli found llob M'Leod too good for him after scoring 3, and with the total at 84, aud his own score at 14, I'almer put his leg where his bat should have been, and retired "l.b.w." to M'Leod. Tandy batted steadily for some time, but failed to get tho ball t h r o n. g ... , " • 1 j score at 5) falling a victim to misplaced eonfidence in the matter of cocking a ball •up iu dangerous proximity to Bruce. Kelly played cai'efully for 9, when he was dislodged by Ormerod, who succeeded in clean bowling Stephens as well, the last-named for a "duck." p - • - some little trouble, securing five wickets forMs^merodgetting two for 10 Trumble two for 35, and Phillips—who J,B» Wn'bowlini? fearful " tviiie " up to the present—one for 22. Bruce cnly sent down IS halls, off which l« run, wen, scored. If tho leftbander waR I)ol successful with the ball, however. he made am,,!., amends with the willow, as he c k e d up' „„ le,s than 98 out of a total of one wicket, for 121 achieved ou behalf of Melbourne lie-tore the stumps were drawn, li. M'Leod being then his partner, with 14 to bis credit. Walters and Bruce started the batting ; but the former was aljudged out "leg before" to Palmer after scoriii" li. Hi uce's batting was the. specialty of the afternoon, and although one chance (a difficult one to Tandy at point) could be urged against it the spectators were delighted at the manner in which he signalised his return to form, As as an example of the rapidity with which he scored it may be mentioned that, in 35 minutes he scored 50 out of CO, whilst altogether he was only at the wickets an hour and twenty minutes. IN his work " Kings "f Cricket," now being published in the 01'ign milieus. Richard Daft in some Hintson the Game gives the following sound advice to young players " To young players who are fairly gon'l cricketers and know perhaps ;t if a good deal of the game. I would say, This is possible ten minutes' practice every day. . lot one day and far preferable to liayi without,any. as by doing perhaps going four orfiv so the state of the ground may be entirely changed since Trv the to nlav day on ill practice which you iust had as so though much practice "match/and before vouleaveoif have .rood ' smack' or two to loosen the muscles. When agoou snmch o.- m»> «> playing in a match g,t on the ground in plenty of time and ha ve a few bulls before play begin You then get to know the pace of the ground, and again 1 soy have another good hit or two. When^comui^ncing your innings do not try to score just ut first. A batsman is often, as all know.'got out by balls which he would play with ease ha"d he l^n in lialf-an-hour. Always stand „,, to a bowler, however fast, and never he afraid of him unless vou get on a downright bad wicket, And 1 sav once more, when You do hit, hit hard, When a cl.mge bowler is put on, play the first few overs as though you bad . only . . iust commenc - your innings until you get used to the new bowler, as you did to those who were on when you came in. Most of us are apt to think when a change is put on that wo are iu for a good thing, and by being too eager ' te let the new man have it,' all at once we are got out. Re sure and be careful neither to run yourself or your partner out. Many matches have been lost by wicket? bsing foolishly thrown away in this manner, Always be on the look-out, and 'back up.' " FITZROY v. East Melbourne, on the ground of the former, attracted a fair attendance of spectators; but, although the wicket was an excellent one, the scoring was not of that pronounced character which lias stamped the efforts of the Maroons heretofore during the season. This was mainly attributable to the fact that " the backbone and spinal marrow " of the Fitzroy team— Jolmuv Worrall, to wit—was not i' the vein. i/eteher disturbing the equilibrium of his wicket with toe last ball of the first over he had at him. Besidesthis A. Fox and F. Richards wore both anfortunate enough to be run out. the former for 4 and Richards for 1M'Ktrdy played a rattling good innings a for 24- (not out), whilst Torn Leydin 'costeno,"":!!*)," W. Hannah (caught jIIAlistor l)0wled'havor, 31), R. Mitchell (howled T H a s t m„ s (bowled Letcher, 21). George Beecha.ni (bowled Costello, " l(i), and " 13. " Melling (bowled Letcher, 13) ably supported his exertions; the Fitzroy total being 1H5 when the lagt wicket fell Letcher and Laver secured three wickets each for East Melbourne, Costello snavellmg the other two P. M'Atlister (5) and F. Musgrove (11) had only time to set tho East Melbourne score at no wickets for 1!) wlieu time was called. THERE was a deal of interest manifested in the eeting of Carlton and University ou the arlton Cricket Ground, inasmuch as neither eam had tasted the bitterness of defeat as yet uring tlie present season. Fortune appeared to avour the 'Varsity men when they won the oss, Curator Watling having prepared a perfect wicket for the tryst, but A. Carlton, Leitli and llis were in such tremendous bowling form that o less than seven of thein had come and gone for ?4 ere a change came o'er the spirit of the scene. his was y Mnckinnou and Wells thfil. T)je fol.m0r started a bit streakily, iucky enough to escape stumping wlien he was only .-)*; but after that ho settled down with the evident intention ot staying—which he did, carryiug out bis bat with 70 to bis credit, obtained by as sound a display of cricket as ever has been witnessed on the Carlton triangle. Wells' contribution of 41 was also a meritorious performance, compiled as it was:rten a stand ^ ^ - ^ d ; ^ H s wicket being ultimately d Ellis. II. Atkinson (bowled ' b . ^ C a l' b(,U (alught Jukes, bowled . , Carlton 23), D. M'Leod (caught Anderson, bowled Leitli 21) and H. Francis (bowled Ellis, 17) also batted well for their runs i the outcome being that the Uni's eventually gave the Carltoniaus a set of 224 to tackle. The Carlton , wlm,r almK,sis was as f0Uows ;—liolfe, one for j^jlj one f o r 13. a. Carlton, four for 57 ; j3ifjB) j;wo for 40 ; Leitli, two for MO. Tho local tnade a bad start, Carlton being run out for 7i W),;]st Taylor was caught by Wells off Trumble 4 However, on Harry Freeman and Hilly becoming associated matters assumed a uim.,, rof.eate liue, tho scorc being 53 for the loss f t pickets when the proceedings closed for the tlie afternoon, altera the pair of them being not out for 0 a u d WILLIASLKTOWN won the toss agaiust Port Melbourne, and, as their feet was upon their native heath, as the saying goes, their supporters were confident about their giving the other sea- „ _ siders somethmg stronger than ozone to snifl: at Hut, alas! illiams (who rious to beiug ftughtliy D u n n o i i ^ ' o ^ by Ruthertord for 1,) none of the representatives of the fishing village accomplished double figures, being totally unable to withstand the deliveries of Russell (five wicket, for 50) Purvis for 3B) and RutWford two for 11). 1 ^ ^^taons of the two batmen,1 have named servedI tn, bn. g the Williauistown s first inn.n^ w .tb.n decent distance of a score, the sura total amounting to 10!) Now, in these days of individual " centuries and things, 1011 runs in an innings is only -small potatoes" or " few on a lull," as our American cousins phrase it; but still tho Port Melbourne fe lows found it a stumbling-block to get over all tlie same. In fact, the first five wickets were down for 2H out of which number O'Hara put together 21) before lie was bowled by Hannah. AugM e was the principal destroying agent, though, as hi got Purvis for a duck, Charley Reg- for 2, and Rutherford (caught by Hannah) for 3; Milner securing Turner for the same number. Then Russell'aud Knox entered into possession of the reases, mid there they remained for the rest of .be afternoon, Russell scoring It and Knox 311; the Port Melbourne score now standing at 7S for the loss of five wickets. CAY-TAIN FAIRWEATHER, of the Fsse.ndou O.C., demons!,rated on Saturday that his bead hangs fairly level, as, knowing the calibre of the Richmond lads, he kept harassing them by constantly changing the bowling. Now although this doesn't i out right, it turned up trumps on the always pan • , - - t rid Essendon of the Riclimondites ground, uhe.e in the the same firstinnmgsfor old IOIIJS lo,) got and this despite the fact that Whitehead scooped up no less than 53 tobis own chotk and might n- .... - , , , , t ,„ t tin-number S run ou" i t ^ s (0) and Paton (13) were likewise run out—a streak of good luck for Essendon, without, a doubt; but still only " the fortune of war." Skillienrn made 23 'ere' Wardvop "scalped him,"' and when H'dddrick reached the stage that the scorers declared him a " nineteener,' M.lIs put h.ni through the mill in rare style. \\\ lit™ was the only other batsman to achieve double figures, his contribution being 1(1, and his " ktnuet a_ party by the name ol bun h-W.. of that ilk Mills was |JJO;P nuecesslul bowler, taking lour wickets or 45, W. Smith snavelling two for 32, and ardrop one for 33. On the visitors taking their and, E. Turner behaved in a most unchristianike manner to Christian hy "egging" him out — proceeding that so incensed NY. Smith and Mills hat tliev refused to budge until 5li was upon tins board, wlien Mills presented a favour to Haddriok ft' Wade, which tho fall-haired one accepted with thanks, and all the more so as the batsman by this time had scored 2,"i. W. Smith was respon-. sible for 23, carrying his bat on tin; old principle— " He who bats and stalks away, has to bat another day." OWINO to the Pennant Committee of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, at their meeting oil Friday evening, upholding the Port. Melbourne protest against Essendon in their recent tussle, when ihclaticr had a majority ot 30 runs .in the first inning [llie subjects of protest beiug (1) that Kssendon broke rule 37Ay playing two substitutes without permission, and (2, that bsse.ndon would not give the Ports a chan^, ot £ inenemg play early on Prmce of "ft Ru U da ; desired] the following are the positions of til clubs in the pennant premiership competitions M(,]bou"jno N o r t h M e l W m j Soutll THIRD ROUND.—A DIVISION. Me)bom.n East Melbourne St. Kilda Fitzroy P is w W z „ tc ^ I i j a 4 S t I = 5i S I 1 t- rt ! £ I & j 1 ... j... i2utiu W i L | 3 -333 AV | L ! O'Wli ! O'lRili | O'liUli i'L i U liiili ,t si £ i S | 1 ;<sji 1 • -I i I i ^!« ; s : = University Carlton Richmond Port Melbourne Essendon Williamstown... W L L 1 333 0(>li() T h e contests for the Bovle and Scott Cup 1)rasonto(i by the Victorian Cricketing Company. are^be.'.imiin"- ta narrow down. Saturdav found tv!om°re of competitors numbered with the oZ^g ->29) whilst Hrunswick 104 and Hi) , >,„ '< 't n.;el„„o„rt CiVv ^221. ' yielded up the ghost to Richmond City (222). L THK struggle between Albert Park and Orniond has undergone a miraculous change, Ormond who only made 124 in their first attempt, and had 37'J to get to " toi " in their second innings, whanging up no loss than 2.0 for the loss oF only ive wickets ; Warne being not out with 103, and T. Fox not out with 10. CAIMJI.ET are slightly under the whip against Hawksburn, inasmuch as the " Caps " were all out fm. 1()7> rtrl<) bave lost six for 47 (M ulli us not: out 13) in tlieir second innings, whereas Hawksburn j,ut up 174 on their initial trial. A Norwood's two for 3'IS resolved ^ ^ ffiTCuSlI bowling George Gifl'en for 187. Arthur Jarvis played a slashing innings of G3 for lliiidurarsh, but the others were only so-so, the total being 144 altogether. j ^ M P r a n k An.m Bt D r j B Harretfs "shivoo" on Thursday night.the "bowler of a century being au honoured guest, and treating S ^ a T h S * enia nsto how ' ^ V ™ each othe. in auld lan„ sy ne. A aRA!II, conccrt is to take place on Tuesday ev(jmn,, iu ti,e jjoonee Ponds Town Hall in aid of the funds of the Essendon Rowing Club. WIST or dry. the Melbourne Harriers intend bringing off "their postponed meeting on the Warehousemen's Cricket Ground on Saturday. The whole of tho handicaps will appear on the to he"issued to-day (Thurs- ^ ^ ^ ^ Z T ^ ^ ^ o .' jd(id j d onlv 11M,ution that the names £,rtlV_ei.,]lt rP,,istered amateurs ar» down <''"" in the heats - for - the 120 yards handicap, which is timed to start at a quarter to three o'clock punctually, THE annual four-oared race between represenatives of the leading city sott goods warehouses took place on the Lower Yarra on Saturday, the course being from the steam ferry to tile entrance of Coode's Canal—about a mile and a-balf. Only three crews competed, Patersnn, LaiDg and Hruce and li. Stevenson and Sons each having a "leg" in for the Stevenson Challenge Cup, whilst It. Reid and Co. competed for the first time, that ancient of days—John Cazaly (brother to the immortal ,1cm)—rowing bow. Mr. T. J.Clark despatched them to an excellent start, Stevenson's crew being the first to show in front, l'atersnn. Laing and llruce, however, took matteis comfortably until they got well into swing, when they cleared out from the others, and eventually won by a length and a-half, Keid and Co., who came with a brilliant spurt towards the finish, defeating L. Stevenson and Sous by three lengths. The arrangements for the contest wen? well carried out by Messrs. Templeman and Graves, whilst Mr. W. Ewiug offi lated as judge in a most exemplary manner, Oy tempering justice with mercy in the matter of declaring tile distances between the various contestants at the finish. The trophies for the winning crew this year are the gift "f Mr. Henry Hutlei" (of Messrs. Savgood. iiutler and Nicliol). and ,-liould the representatives of Messrs. Paterson, Laing and llruce only succeed ill carryin golf the even r next year I lie Stevenson Challenge Cup will become their exclusive property; three wins (uot u<-cc-:sarilv consecutively) defining finality. The following nro the names, weights and the positions ai finish of the various erews : — 'ATEKSON, Lusfl ANI> BHI-'CK. -T. D. livown (how), lllst.'.lib.; C. Snoonei (2). ]2st. lnlli.: H. S. Avlwin (3), l'2st. Ji'lli.; .1. Doolan (stroke), lllst. Itilli 1 R. Bmu AND Co.—J. Caznly (bowl. HM. lilb.: H. M'Kelizie (2), lllst. 131b.: K. St.mke 13), 12st. 2lb.: D. Ilursburg (stroke), lt'si. ... o L. STKVKNKON AM' SONS.—I. H. l'ew (bow), Dsf. 2lb.; F. Wilkinson i'2), lOst. (ilk; K. Wallace (3), lllst.; F. .1. Kdward* istrnkel, lust, 121b 0 FHOJI Sydney collies intelligence that ihe Seveut.h Grand Championship Meeting and ninth aquatic carnival, under tho auspices of the New South Wales Amateur Swimming Association took place oil Saturday, 2lilh November, iu the Nat.atoriuin, Pitt-street. Sydney. For the Amateur Championship of New South Wales, 5<W yards (15 laps), \V. .1. Meadham, W. J. Gormlev and C. llellings were the only starters. Gormley was the liolder of the championship betoro the rae( i - eleventh lap Gormh.-y was balf-Hlength ahead and swimming strongly. He increased Ill's lead up to tin? last lap, when Meadham spurted and finished only a quarter of a length behind. Gormley beat 1he amateur record by 4-sec., having accomplished the distance in "mill. Isec. THE Championship Matches ot the Intercolonial Lawn Tenuis Tournament were brought to a conclusion on Saturday week, with the following results:— SINOLE CiiAMiMONsnu' or Vie'roi;IA. — JS. Green beat- W. <5\. lialfour, 11-11,(1—3. (i-2. 11 -2. Dni;JILL CHA?IT'loxsHU' ol VICI'OKIA.—lialfour and Proctor beat Webb and Cramond, li—4, 4—li, (i—3, li—2. Mixnn DOUIII.ES CUAMI-IONSHJI'OF VicroniA.— Miss Mayne and ]5. Green beat Miss E. Kaieigh and Shuter, (i- 3, 3 —li, (1—2. LADIES' SINGLE CHAMJ-IONSHU' OR VICIOKIA,— Miss E. Raleigh beat Miss Mayne, 1—(j, (j—3, (i—2. LADIES' DOVUI.E CUAMI-IOKSHU- or VICTORIA.— The Misses Paleigh beat the Misses Shaw, (i—4, 0—5. SINGLE HANMICAI-.—F. W;ij:ers beat W. II. Crossthwuite, li—1. 0—3. F. Waters beat N. Brookes, 0—3, 0—4. Dorni.Es HANDICAI-.—Day -and Oflicer beat Hendy and Crossthwaite, 5—0, ti—2. K—li. LADIES' SINULE HANDICAP.—Miss M. Martin ^ Miss Waters, 5—0, (i—1, 0--2. MIXEED DOUDI.ES HANDICAP.—Mi^-JVaters and F. Waters beat Miss Rond and W. Day, 3—0,0—0, 0—0. THE trial of skill between the Scotch College and Melbourne Grammar School (on the ground of the latter) on 24th and 25th November, for the Public Schools Premiership resulted in the " Scotchies " still holding the pride of place. The first match, played earlier in the season, also resulted in a win for Scotch College by an inniugs and 22 runs. Tho scores were:—Mel bourne Gi ammar School, 00and !)7 ; Scotch College. 31 and 12S for five wickets. For the winners, H. M'Leod scored 51 (not out), Musgrove 2S and Taylor 13, whilst Mailer ^ptured ten wickets for 43 runs. ™ 3 nine for 43. For the Grammar l'axton scored 20; Ahem, 10 and 17; Bullivante, \--cnooi, lax 2): Miller, 22; and M'Kinery, JO; whilst Ahem captureil ti-11 wickets lor 57 runs ; M'Kinerv, four for 47 : and Paxtou, one for 20. Iu consequence of the recent rains the wicket during the first part of the game was decidedly in favour of the bowlers. The positions for the. Premiership now stand ;—Scotch College, 10 points out of a possible 10; Melbourne Grammar School. 12out of 20; Wesley College. 4- out of 12; Get-long Grammar School, nil out of 10; whilst St.. Patrick's College have withdrawn from the competition. 