FAMILY GHOSTS. The story of the ghosc of Powis Castle, in Montgomeryshire, appears, to rest upon ; evidence which, as regards matters of commoner .experience, .wonld certainly be held valid in a court of law. An apparition, it was said, had from time to time been seen in a particalar room, and it was while the family was in London that the steward resolved to put the matter to the test in the person of a poor Welshwoman who visited the castle in.search of spinning work. This woman, who had never heard of the ghost, •was invited to stay the night, and was accommodated with a room which, as she afterwards said, rendered her uneasy by its unsuitableness to a person in her humble rank of life. Saying to herself, however, that there bad probably been some mistake in the matter, she sat down to read her Welsh Bible, and it was while she was thus engaged that the door suddenly opened, and, to her intense astonishment, in stepped an elderly gentleman in an antiquated costume. Walking up to one of the windows, he leant his elbow on the sill, rested -his cheek upon his hand, and, after remaining some little time in that position, walked slowly out of the room again. Becoming now dreadfully frightened, the poor woman knelt down to pray for protection, and, when the figure soon afterwards reappeared, she made an attempt to speak to it, but ,she could not utter a sound. Again the ghost went away, and-again it returned; and this time with a desperate •effort; the woman managed to stammer out, " Pray* sir, who are you, and what do you want?" "The gentleman," as she after wards expressed it," appeared immediately to cheer up, like," and answered her in a gentle voice, " Take up the candle, aud come with me • I will show you what I want." Afraid to refuse, the woman did as desired, and, with the candle in her hand, followed the figure through a long narrow passage which ended in a small room without windows. At the door of this room she hesitated, whereupon the gentleman desired her to tafte courage. " I have no power to injure you;" he r said, " even if I had the will, Take note of what I do." He then wrenched up a couple of boards from the floors showed her a large box underneath, and produced from a crevice in the wall a key which he said would open the box. " I wish this box and key to be sent to the E«rof; Powis, in London," he said, " Will you see it done ? It is W61I !" he added, when the woman had promised. " Kt your word, and I will trouble this house no more 1" with which he walked .out of the room, and left her. Then . her nerves gave way all at once, and she shrieked out in such a manner as to bring the steward and all the servants to the spot, carrying candles and clinging to each other for fright. The Welshwoman described what had taken place, and pointed out the box, This the steward absolutely refused to touch, but two of the maid servants, with more courage or more curiosity, dragged it out of its resting-place, and next day it was duly forwarded to the Earl, with an laccount of the strange manner of its finding. What the box contained remains unknown outside the Herbert family, but the matter, at all events, ended well for the poor woman upon whom the steward had made his experiment, for the Earl of Powis, besides personally expressing his obligations to her, settled upon her enough money to make her comfortable for the reBt of her days. Very pathetic is the story of the spectre which is said to attend the Stuarts of Allanbank. The Mr. Stuart who was the head of the family about the middle of the last century had formed, during his residence in Paris, a connection with a young Frenchwoman, who wonld appear to have been devotedly attached to him. This connection Stuart, as soon as he succeeded to the family estates, resolved to break off; and, though the girl made numerous attempts to see him before his departure from Paris, she did not succeed until he was actually seated in a travelling carriage, and just about to start. In a last despairi ng attempt to have speech with her quondam lover, the poor girl mounted upon the wheel, so that, when Stuart biutally gave orders to drive on, she was thrown to the ground, and fatally injured. Her last words were, " I will be there before you!" and, sure enough, as the story goes, the first thing Stuart saw, upon reaching Allanbank, was the figure of the ill-fated Frenchwoman, seated on the top of the main gateway. This part of the story cannot, At such a distance of time, be vouched for; pt it i* apparently fceyojafl all doubt that many persons have since encountered in the old house the figure of a weeping young woman whose sable garb is decorated with I the lace called " pearling," and who has, on this account, become known far and wide J as " Pearlin' Jean." The most trustworthy J evidence upon the point is that of an Edinburgh lawyer, who has described in a most literal and categorical manner , what happened to him during a business visit to Allenbank in the summer of 1858. "I was writing in my room," he says, " between 7 and 8 in the morning, when I heard something like a deep sigh behind j me. I immediately turned round, and was surprised to see, standing between me and the door, a tall and slender young woman with dark eyes and a very pale face. She was dressed in a close-fitting black gown, with very tight sleeves, and a trimming of yellow-looking lace about the neck and wrists. 4 Who are yau, and how did you came here V I asked, rather sharply, for I knew that my door had remained locked all night, and I could only thiak this girl had..been concealed in the wardrobe. Sbe made no answer, and continued to gaze sorrowfully at me, so that I become more and more puzzled. ' Madam,' I said theo, ' whoever you are, and however you came here, you will oblige me by leaving the room instantly!' and with that walked quickly to the door, which I unlocked and opened; but when I turned round the girl was gone. I stared for a moment, and then, feeling determined not to be humbugged in any way, I locked the door again, and examined the wardrobe, into which I thought , she must have whipped while my back was turned. She was not there, nor was she in the only other place of concealment—under the bed. "I was fairly nonplussed. Inside the roon she was not, and out of the room by the door she had certainly not gone. I sat down to think the matter over: steadily, and not till then did the story of Pearlin' Jean recur to me, Not ODCO before, since my.arrival, had any thought of: the Allanbank ghost crossed my mind, and all my ideas were absorbed in business at the time of this singular .occurrence. "I mentioned the matter later in the day to Mr. Stuart, not without fears of exciting his ridicule, but he only laughed, and said, ' Oh, you've seen her, too, have you?' Well, that ought to covince the sceptics, as it is well known that a lawyer has no imagination!"— Echo. 