STORYCOLUMN. : x , THE RED SPECTRE. A ROMANCE OF THE FRANCO-PRUSSIAN BY HENBY ERITH, ' Author of " Tho Mystery of Moor Farm," " Tlio Blaok Shaft," &o.;, &o.; , Queensland mains bebkbved. Chatxeii XXXI. — ( Continued). I lost no timo in shaking myself freo and plunging wildly into the orpwd, and in a moment lost sight of the uniforms. A. cry was raised, but quickly drowned in the vociferations of cho multitudo, and hurrying forward, I was carried up a flight of steps, and into tho covered yard or court in tho centre of the Hotel do Yille. . _ 2Tow I was free to a certain extent, J. had an opportunity to observe tho rioters, ."for- such they were. I was hemmed in on "'all aides by an army of National '"(Juards who pushed back the Breton ' ; Mobiles on the pavement, and, mingled J .-.with a number of the Belleville viragos and roughs, penetrated into the passages of the building. Every moment intensified the uproar, and it seemed to me that the National Guarcfe were bent upon overturning tho Revolutionary Government. The leaders of the mob, communists and masculine Amazonian females, mustcrodin force. I was carried in on the human wave, my olothing half \- torn from my hack ; struggling, fighting, yet helpless. The. demon of destruction quickly took possession of the people. Just as at the assault on M. Mama's Chateau at Dinan the mob had proceeded to violence, so now did these wild looking and preoiouH Parisians proceed to break windows and smash furniture on every side. Tho mischief done was wanton and almost . irreparable in many instances. No one expostulated, and tho army of maddened men and women continued its locust like way unchecked. One individual, clad in cavalry uniform with groat -jack boots, was porticularly conspicuous. He was a Eufus in appear ance, with fieice eyes and Semitic fea ture. A number of pooplo followed this nondescript oreature who, breathing out .< threat minga and slaughter oven as Saul, penetrated into tho chamber in which tho members of the Government were assembled in council. The mayors had previously been warned, and now tho fiery revolutionist pushed through tho assemblage of members, and insolently declared that the Government had been deposed by tho will of the people. ' Tho Commune is now paramount,' he cried, as he leaped upon the table ; ' tho people's executive will maintain order at the elections, which. will commence to morrow. Is it not so?'. ThiB appeal to the orowd met with a hearty response, and wild shouts of Besign ' rent the air. One member of the Government rose to protest. He was Jules Perry, but his voico was perfectly inaudible, and a scene of the greatest con fusion ensued. Ono of tho Council made a futilo attempt to roach tho tuble, but waB soon thrown down, and with difficulty rescued from the floor. At another point rifles were lovelled at Troehu, who continued to repulse the \- men who were shuffling about on tho table. The general gazed at the weapons with no alarm in his face.' He was advised to quit the room by his intor- looutor, whom, I was informed, was Jules Pavro. ' No, sir,' he replied ; ' I am a soldier, and will, if necessary, die at my post.' But another member of tho oounoil, hot being so tenacious, managed to mako his exit ; fortunate for him that ho made tho attempt just then, for in five minutes afterwards the shunt of ' Shut tho doom ! Let no one pass J caused ovcry exit to bo closed and guowled, and tho hotel was in possession of Gie disaffected guards and , a riotous moh, who jeored the Ministers, and even yr/sonally assaulted Troehu by snatching his 1 orders' from his coat. This incident gave rise to a terrible uproar, in which the only apparently disinterested individual was General Troehu himself, who remained seated, disdainfully regarding the roaring, howl ing, gesticulating mob, which, not con tent with vocal sounds and uproar, added thereto tho braying of trumpets and tho rattle of the drum. Messengers wore despatched in . various directions with -written orders; hut these persons, on whatevor mission sent— to tho Treasury for money, to tho headquarters of tho ' National- Guard or mairles— never re- ilt». turned to the hotel. 'What do you intend to do with ub?' was a question put to tho loader of tho movement by the motnbers of tlio Govern ment. . ' You are prisoners,' was the reply. 'Toil are no longer in authority. Long .live the Commune !' . "While the uproar did not sensibly diminish, another idea seized upon tho mad populace. They had already broken \- the windows, ' torn the curtains, and smashed the furniture, so thoy proceeded ; to regale themselves with tho moal already prepared for, the members of the Comicil \- . and to open the wine cellars. - The viands , .were bolted and rent in tlio exeitemont. Cosily wines wore swallowed by tho ' bottle, and such an orgib set in as need not he here described. The Ministors had v/ , tb be content to starro' while the moh . 'drank themselves intp helpless intoxica- V|j- 'tion; and their lenders ato the dinner. |I was seated on a wrecked chair in one . of the less frequented apartments, woh- dering what tho upshot of all this "would , be, when I thought I hoard a noiso in , . , . tho wall. I looked around. - The" broken- <" ' , windows'nnd mirrors, the. torn curtains, the mutilated pictures, and broken furni- ; .looked; very . melancholy in tlio dim ': 'y! gaslight. Tho no«se bocaino again audible, s f ' ivigazed; more intently ' at- 'the come? \- j Vj iwhenco it proceeded . ' There were fow iiterin. this antor6hiimlier';- the viands yapd wine had potent .attractions.: Thosb iv/iwhb hndrotuvnod JQthpyflwiment,; woro staggering; about. .jVy'v-the.-: rpom.'-in' the dull - lurohing mdaher peculiar to Btupid intoxication accentuated, by tobacoo. They shouted their cries in strident and. discordant tones, unheeding me in my oorner, and paying - no atten tion to enoh other. It was a sorry sight;- The apartment was dim and ghostly, and as by degrees the 'sounds of revelry diminished, towards 9 o'blook, the Hotel do Yille became quieter. The room in whioh I was concealed was one of tho loast frequented. The hum of the orowd, the sound of trumpets nnd of drums penetrated to my ears from without. But a curious creaking noise close by sud denly attracted my attention. . I turned round and felt that I changed colour. Tlio wall was moving ! Yos, tho panel turned — a form appeared . and stopped boldly forth. It was dressed in Mobile uniform. Wus I awake ? Did I dream; was this a ghost? A pale, omaoiated face was visible in the dim light — and as I gazed in horror at it I' recognised tho features of Francois Mai'ais ! Chattek XXXII — Mauais Again — A PiiEader— Saved — Fbeebe nr Pams — A Crisis. ' Francois Marais !' I gasped, half- aloud. ' "Who goes there ?' he cried. Then d&Tting; to the corner in whioh I was half concealed, he said : ' Oh, Monsieur the Englishman ! Well met. "Wo have a few words to say to eaoh other, I think. Meanwhile, pray consider .yourself my prisoner.' ' Your prisoner !' I exclaimed. ' "What right have you to interfere hero ?' ' Tho right of might,' he replied. ' We have come toresoue'the Government from the Beds. We find you in the midst of a drunken orgie. You are our prisoner. Mathurin, you will guard M. Martigny, if you pleaso.' The Bretons, for my assailants or resouers were those brave fellows, some of whom I at once recognised as belonging to Dinan and neighbourhood. One or two recognised me, and seemed pleased as well ns astonished to meet me under such cir cumstances. . Mathurin accepted the charge with alacrity, and made some in- quiries concerning the Marteau family, Cesar, Pierre, and their associates. I was able to satisfy bis curiosity, and tben in turn I inquired by what moans Marais had obtained a command, and how it happened that he had escaped from the field of Sedan. 'He was left for dead,' replied my cus todian; but when being buried ho re covered. He was actually at the side of the pit about to be thrown in when he groaned and was rescued. A narrow escape, wasn't it ?' 'He does not deserve to live,' I replied in a low voice. ' He betrayed our move ments to the Prussians. He was in their pay, I understood. You surely remem ber the fuss ut St. Pelagic.' ' Oh, but that is all over. The Gov ernment has enrolled him. He is our officer, and behaves very well. He may have sinned, monsieur, hut so have we nil, and if we were all judged by our deeds, there would he no rime for repent- nuoe.' I was silent. The pious Breton spoke the truth, and I am certain felt it. No soldiers were braver or more devout than these Mobiles, who would kneel' on the battlefield before going into action, and implore heaven for success and pardon. Why should I judge Marais? But on the other hand, a traitor desorved little mercy, andT said as much. ' A man may err,' I' replied. ' Wo all do err and sin often, but suoh treachery as Marais has been guilty of deserves punishment.' ' And has he notbeen puniBhed?' asked the other. ' Are sickness, wounds, Iosb of home and friends, nolpunishment ? I am aware of his treachery — in part. Ha did as he did for gain and influence, bnt he has missed his aim. ' The men who employed him spurned him. Ho caused the death of his father, the loss of his homo and his affianced wife, and he nearly — very nearly — lost his life. Without monoy, friends, or family ties, he passes a miserable existence in bad health. Is that no punishment? He is eaten up with remorse.' I was fain to confess that , the man's tortures had already begun. My pious, earnest young Breton continued : ' They say eternal punishment is re morse, and, if so, our captain is already suffering. I am not going to preach any more, but you need not talk about not being punished, for he is oxpiating his misdeeds.' to be! continued on hondayI 