WINDSOR S. P. SCHOOL. A ipopuiar.conoert took place last Friday lady and gentlemen amateurs, in aid of Mr. E. Rose, mailman, Wilberforcie, who re cently met with an accident through being thrown from his cart. The concert was originally intended to be given in aid 01 the school prize-fund, but immediately the accident tools place, thephildren agreed amongst themselves to devote the proceeds/ to Mr. Rose's benefit. Owing to the price; being a popular one, the building ,on Fri day evening was crowded to exctess, many! people at the back of the hall having to; stand. The parents of the children. rolled up in large numbers. The utmost goodr humor prevailed amongs^ the audience, notwithstanding the excessive beat and thai j goise made by tho/je who, standing up a<j | the back of the hall, kept up a continuous chatter the whole of the1 evening. The | concert developed into a free and easy, and everyone present seemed to thoroughly en-1 joy the social evening. The school- chil dren conducted themselves admirably, and their rendering of the various recitations, solos, and part songs, &c.;, Wad excellent, and showers of pretty bouquets in galore were thrown to the juvenile performers as well as to the ladies and gentlemen who as sisted. Mr. J. Edmunds acted as musical Conductor, and kept excellent time ; MM Josephs acted in a similar capacity for the infants chorus. The following was the programme:-* The Villiage Choristers,'^ the jenior pu^tlg, ^ .yeiry ,s^i$actory lormance; a reoifctttlonby Elii Guest wasa good elocutionary effort : duet, * List to the Convent Bells,' by Dora Walker and Mary Holland, was was sweetly warbled by the young ladies; solo, ' The Kerry Dance,' Mrs. Dinning, pleased the audience, being well-rendered ; chorus, ' The foolish young Kitten,' by scholars of the Infant-school; the little children conducted themselves admirably, and showed careful training, the item creating much mirth. A recita tion by Arthur Day amused the audience; the next was a violin solo, 4 Air Varie,' by Master Hilton Moses; so much has been | said in praise of this youthful performerj that all that need be said is that he was i quite as successful as on previous occasions,! and was the recipient of 'a handsome bou-! quet. Solo, ' The Slave's Dream/ Mr. Pid-i dington, was one of that gentleman's best i songs. Concert-goers never tire of listening ; to tiiie gentleman, who, on this occasion, was in fine voice, and the audience would not allow him to depart without demanding an encore, to which he responded by sing ing ' I fear no Foe.' Solo, . Love's Sweet Song,' by Miss Joseph, was one of the pret tiest items on the programme, and the audience were delighted with the sweet voice of the young vocalist and brought her back to sing another verse. ' Little Gipsy Jane,' by Minnie Bowthorn, quite " fetched" the audience, and was a very much appre ciated number. A recitation, ' Little Tor ments' by Millie Porter, was spoiled by the noise at the hack of the hall. Chorus, 4 The Brook,' fay the elder scholars, was a very pretty rendering of Tennyson's beauti ful poem, and proved the best chorus of the evening. Good order was kept on the stage by the conductor, ChornB, 'The Happy Farmer,' elder scholars,-a livelv number, whichkept the feudience in good spirits, and was very fairly rendered. Comic song, ' Father O'Flynn,' by Mr. W. Alexander. Will is an old favorite, and on his appearance before a Windsor audience he is always sure of a good reception. His make up as a priest of the old school was excellent, and he acted his part to a nicety -in keeping with the character of the song, and kept his audience in roars of laughter throughout, the consequence being that he had to respond to an encore by singing another verse. One thing about him is that he never loses his head, and should he forget his song or part, he rakes up some thing as he goes along,-which he did on this occasion-and it does not matter much, as the audience think it, part .of the perfor mance. Quartette, * The Flower Oijrls* by \-- -~-^ . . . . ' with their garlands of flowers, eaoli repre senting a flower and singing an appropriate part. , The Rose, Shamrock, Lily, and Waratah were taken by Nellie Norris, Stella Poytpy, Eva Gosper, and Clarice jDixon. ^Kipwas a splendidly giveijitem, and the fftosby Nellie Norris and Clarice Dixon erfc particularly good, and the singers re ceived quite an ovation. Solo, Miss Mad Jan, * The Island of Dreams, a very pretty $Qi&g;, which was nicely rendered, although Wit in this lady's best style. Chorus, ' Three little Kittens,' by the scholars of in fant's school, was a very clever production, recitation, 'We are Seven,' by Mary Studdy .map very nicelygivjeo, The duet, 'Come o er the Moonlight Sea," Olive Ward and I)ora Walker, was another nice, item ; reci i&tion;, 'Little Tom Boy,' Master Child, ??#«Ui also'good; solo, 'Tit for Tat,' by Slorrie Row thorn, was excellent* and re ceived well-merited applause; solo, 4 The IMtish Sbldiers Grave,' by Archie Cole man, a very little fellow, who sang his number .without any masio in first-class sfcylfe; chorus* ? The Mariners of England,' by toe elder pupils, was a well-rendered number, but somewhat lengthy. ,1*hi8 brought the concert to a close, acid ifar. Studdy, the head-teacher, ctiine forward andthanked the public, on behalf bftheteaopers of the Windsor Superior JMztyib-sqhool, for their patronage, and Also those ladies and gentlemen who had listed at the concert,: ;Her. .stated that Mr.' Edmunds had informed him! tHat it' h&i; been guite a pleasure to him (Mr. Edmunds) to go round asking for assis tance,aks 4ll he he had asked had readily acceded'to his request, and had treated him very kindly. He was pleased that there was such a large number of persons present, as this would mean that the receipts would be highly satisfactory. Applause* After an intermission of a few ! minutes a short play was acted by half-a-dozen members of the School Cricket-club. * It was entitled, ' Fif teen minutes in a Haunted-house,' but owing to the terrific din that prevailed immediately upon the turning down of the grs Until the termination, not one word of the play could be heard, and it was some what ludicrous watching the performance, as it resembled a dumb-show. The antics of the players could be seen but no words could be heard. The disturbance was a disgrabe to tlie town and it would have re quired a score or more of Broken Hill policemen to keep " law-in-order," so great was the din. The play, as far as could be understood wasScene-an old English country house supposed to be haunted; a friend of the Squire resolves to have a lark ' and pays periodical visits in the form of a ghost and frightens the inmates out of their Ufe uptjl finally one more courageous than the rest whilst the ghost approaches the room to frighten them, seizes hold of the sheet and exposes to view the practical jokeri Matters are explained satisfactorily, the visitor shakes hands with his friend the Squire, iand all is serene. This ended a very .pleasant entertainment which reflects great credit upon the promoters, the name of Mr. Edmunds should be , specially mentianed, as to him the credit of the entfertainment is due. Miss Ward and Mr. H. .'Shepherd kindly -gave their services as aeco'mpanyists, and Mr. Edmunds was musical &m;!ductor. 