FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. The long drawn out Maggie Moore sesi&oh; is nearly at an end, and nobody appears particularly sorry. It has already lasted six weeks, and the attractions provided have not been sufficient to fill the Theatre coffers to overflowing. Maggie herself is always interesting, but the members of her company are by no means the highest exponents of the histrionic art. Irish drama his been the bill of fare since Saturday night, and it has not created an overweening desire for more. " The Colleen Bawn" gave Maggie Moore an opportunity of showing herself at her best, and " Arrah na Pogue " also afforded her opportunities of displaying her talents, but the support she received was only of a mediocre description. To-morrow night " Struck Oil" and "The Chinese Question" will be revived as a benefit to Miss Moore, who thoroughly deserves good luck, as she is a. hard working, never-tiring, pleasing actress, who in the days gone *>y gave us more than onr money's worth, and who to-day can amuse us well nigh as much as ever she could. A bumper house should speed the .last performance of the season. When the curtain has descended with a dull sickening thud it will remain down for a period of a week, and then Harry Richards' London Company will come along with their coster songs, dances, and other varie ties. The prices of admission will be lowered to 3s., 2s., and Is., and for a time the ghosts of Shakespeare, Boucicault, and a few other one-time celebrities will attend at the most convenient cemetery for inspection. * * * Tommy Hudson nightly welcomes his numerous patrons with his carpet bag smile, and if you ask him the con dition of his business he invariably replies, " Good," and jingles a handful of sovereigns in the pockets of his pants. There is nothing that is really new to be written about Hudson's Bijou. Everything goes with a swing from the rising of the curtain till its fall, and thelapplause is at times so great that if you happen to be passing along King William Street you instinctively put up your umbrella imagining that a thunderstorm is abqut to break. Last night those clever performers, the Permans, took a benefit, and were rewarded for their past successful efforts by a gratifying house. There j will be another change of programme to- morrow night, and the usual satis factory amount of money will be taken at the doors. * * * Professor Albert Richard, M.E., gave the first of a series of free enter tainments in the Adelaide Town Hall last evening, and must have been gratified at the patronage bestowed upon him. The halt, the lame, the blind, and the paralytic were amongst his guests. To-night and to-morrow evening there will be two more per formances. * •* * Gilbert's farcical comedy, " Tom Cobb, or Fortune's Toy," will be per formed by lady and gentlemen amateurs in the Albert Hall, in the presence of Lady Kintore, next Thursday evening. This comedy was given some time ago with considerable success, and on this occasion there is reason to believe that the production will be equally good, though there are some slight changes in the cast. The following are the names of the ladies and gentlemen engaged :—Mrs. Astles, Miss Dora Moulden, Miss Birdie Dean, Messrs. G. Cavenagh-Main waring, Mostyn Evan, W. F. Andrews, L. Wicksteed, and S. Talbot Smith. The Bijou orchestra will play selections daring the intervals. y^ y^ You must not forget the Grand Assault at Arms which is to take place in connection with the South Australian Rowing Association in the Jubilee Exhibition Building to-morrow evening. A really first class pro gramme has been arranged, in which several novelties will be introduced, and the prices of admission are reason able enough for the most depressed mortal in these dull times. * ¥r * " Men may come and men may go," but the Cyclorama of Jerusalem could go on for ever. So says Mr. Lockley, and as he is on the spot (the spot not being barred) he ought to know all about it. A beautiful picture, excellent music, and a highly interesting lecture —what more can be desired? Quiz has been asked to contradict the statement that ex-Corporal Tomkinson will be attached to the forthcoming Cyclorama of "Waterloo. The ex Corporal did not take any part in that sanguinary battle. * , . * * If talent is any guarantee the five promenade concerts to be given in the Exhibition Building and Grounds next week ought to be immense suc cesses. A further guarantee is to be found in the Melbourne record. There the promoters gave fifty-four concerts during the past twelve months. The total attendance num bered 300,000, the largest for one night being on Christmas Eve, when 12,000 people were present, whilst the average all through was 5,000 per night. Here provision is being made to seat 1,200 in the centre hall, and the wings will be occupied by pro menaders. Inside and outside the place will be lit by innumerable fairy lamps, and a band will play on the lawn. Mr. Flecker has charge of the catering. The universal charge will be one shilling. 