SPORT AND PLAY. By " Olympus." Very Much Bravo, East Melbourne! Very Much Bravo, indeed '. No less than three Premier- ship pennants will adorn your "Pav." this season —to wit, Football, Baseball and Skittles. That is a triple achievement the Jolimonters may well feel proud of; and, strange to say, it is an achievement they have accomplished two years in succession. That proves incontestable that there is no fluke about the matter; not even the semblance thereof. I must plead guilty to having been slightly remiss in my attentions to the Baseballers during the past season, which is the more remarkable seeing that I will yield the palm to no man (now- Mr. E. S. Chapman has departed from amongst us) as an admirer of the great American pastime — no, not even to Charlie Allee himself, and he loves it quite as well as ever he did Cricket, and that's saying a great deal. Poor old "Augur" left us all leagues behind in this respect, though ; for even when he was in the last stages of decline the mere mention of baseball would be quite sufficient to cause him to be " the old man eloquent " once more. Had he only been with us last Saturday ! Ah! What a time we would have had ! Foil it was a Great Contest. One of the very best I have yet witnessed. I grant you that 011 figures the victors appear to have had much the best of it; but it was nothing of the sort—for, like every other sport, tile game was not lost until it was won. However, to post you up thoroughly iu the matter, I must inform you that after the full hill-of-fare for the season had been gone through, it was found that East Melbourne (last year's premiers) and Melbourne were trick-and-toi, with 15 wins and 1 defeat each; East Melbourne having been defeated by Melbourne, and the latter by East Melbourne. This necessitated a " play-off," and after a week's adjournment owing to wet weather, the tryst ca- uie oil on the St. Kilda Cricket Ground last Saturday, prior to the start of the football match —St. Kilda v. Melbourne. The time appointed for the start was 1 o'clock sharp, but it was nearly 20 minutes past when Umpire C. Alexander commanded them to "Play ball," East. Melbourne proceeding to bat, whilst Melbourne " scattered round" in the field. There was a pretty stilff breeze blowing three-quarter-face on the batsmen, which, of course, proved of some assistance to the pitcher in the matter of giving additional velocity to his deliveries; but, as against this, it effectually prevented him from sending down any "out curves." So much by way of preamble; now for the play. F'iust Inninos.—Carter was the first to assume the aggressive 011 the part of East Melbourne, ami after " ball one," " foul " and '• strike one " hail been called, he whanged the " white moss rose." out into the centre field for a fair threebagger amidst the enthusiastic plaudits of a select coterie of baseball cranks, conspicuous amongst whom was the irrepressible J. C. Milford, with tbe customary smile and cigarette, Seidel, vv'.io follows 1, cocked a " fly " up towards first base, which C. Over (the pitcher) made a dash for and secured, returning the ball so quickly to third base that Carter experienced the greatest difficulty in getting back in time, some of those present being under the impression that he had failed to do so. Steel got to first through a hybrid kind of stroke that must have proved fatal to him only for the fact that the fieldsmen got mixed up as to whether to try and retire hiui, or prevent Carter getting to the home plate, the consequence being a " mess up," during which Carter got homo in safety. It ivus fortunate he did so, as M'Alister succumbed to a foul fly negotiated by Over, whilst M'Leod played a liallquietly towards third base,and fell a victim. M'llwr.iith started for Melbourne, aud from the outset it was patent that Jack Harry was in great form with the ball, as he had two strikes in on Dave before the latter knew where he 1 was, and would undoubtedly have had him for "a duck" only for Seidel allowing a "passed ball," on which M llwraith got to first and stole second. W. ISmce commenced with a base hit, and subsequently got round «u an error of the left fieldsman, it lining; a desperately close thing, though, 'twixt In' and the catcher ns he reached the home plate. On this same error M'Uwraith had scored ; and on Curr getting liis base through being hit with the hall, and stealing to second, third and liome nil bungling play in the field, matters looked particularly blue for the East Melbourne, l'ulling themselves together though, they buckled to. and with marked success; Tom Irwin, Ingleton and lioss falling in quick succession; the two former from pitcher to first base and the latter ou strikes. Scores : East Melbourno, 1; Melbourne, :i. SKCONH INNINUS.—Thisopeued very auspiciously for East Melbourne, us instead of Hoyle losing the number of his 1110.5s he got- to first through an error of Ingleton's; but yielded up the ghost 011 attempting to steal to second through a brilliant return from Irwin to Ingleton. M. Irwin, who followed, retired on strikes; after which ,1. JJruoe had to thank the laxity of the third baseman for . allowing him to get to first; a position he strode away from and round to third on a base hit of Jack Harry's. Uere, however, he met his Kismet; as on trying to steal home he was cut oil by the catcher and third baseman, and had to retire. For Melbourne. Hnrrv lrwj'11 came and went; pitcher and first base being the destroying angels; and then the left field and " Hoy ley" (with errors) were, responsible for Charley'Over and Hugliie M'Leall getting to bases. Harry made up for this, though, by fending M' II wraith to the lijjlitiib'iut on strikes, and as a prettv catch by M'All ister ni|rped W. ljrucejn the bud, the scores still stood—East Melbourne. 1 ; Melbourne, 3 THIRD INNINUM.—Carter was again to the fore with a beautiful two-bigger, a terrible blunder by M'lhvraitli allowing hiui to supplement the excellence of the stroke by securing a run ; the only one his side got duriug the innings: for although thatold war-horse Seide.l made a safe base hit, aud, as his wont, stole with impunity to second and third, lie was left there in the eoid through Steel receiving his quietus from Ingleton (a lovelv "fly"), M'AUister lifting one just inside the foul liue6 within grappling distance of M'lhvraitli, and M'Leod succumbing, pitcher to first base. Bad as this was, it was better than Melbourne, Curr starting with a base hit, but finding Seidel's return to second base a J>it too quick for him; whilst the combination 1 to again proved fatal to Torn Irwin, and Ingleton was hooked up by M'AUister on afoul fly. ''Scores : East Melbourne, '2; Melbourne, FOURTH INNINGS.—An error to (i gave Hoy ley first base; hut. as in his previous innings, he wasn't smart enough to steal to second ere Tom Irwin had the ball there. M. Irwin made a base hit, which he converted into a. run on Ingleton failing to negotiate a favour tendered liiui by J. Bruce, who did not get any further than first owing to Harry being bad by Ross 011 a foul fly and Carter being dismissed on strikes. Observing the critical look of matters for Melbourne. Charley Koss strode forth on their behalf with a do-or-di'e expression of countenance that boded ill for the safety of the cover on the ball, and on Harry " feeding " him lie lifted one. high and dry towards centre field. High though it was, it looked 1(J0 to 1 against M, Irwin being able to reach it; hut he did. and " yalfeled " it immediately. Harry Irivin got a ba,se on halls, and stole away to second ; but Over in attempting a leg hit placed the ball in too close proximity to M'AUister, and was out off a foul fly. Seeing his confrere on second base, Hugliie M'Leaii went for a two-bagger, and got it; but, unfortunately, whilst in the •• straight run " for home Irwin slipped down and it took him all his time to get back to third, where lie was left owing to a spanking hit of M'lhvraith's being splendidly " sniped " in (he left field by Carter. Scores: East Melbourne, 3 ; Melbourne,:!. 1 (, IFTH INNINGS.—A foul fly to 6 proved disastrous to Seidel; but Steel being treated to a base on balls, this clever artist quickly stole to second and third, where he stopped, until—after a brilliant catch hy W. Bruce nad got rid of M'Allistei— an error of Ingleton's allowed bim to come home, and M'Leod to get to first base. At this particular juncture the Melbourne fielding fell off a lump, another error, this time by Iius- at first, base, enabling M'1-.eod to get to third, where he remained, as Iugletou made amends for any provious shortcomings by retiring M. Irwin with a fine catch. For Melbourne, AV. Hruceand Curr made base hits, but Tom Irwin fell prone on strikes; and after Ingleton had got to first through over-coutiousuess 011 the part of the infield, lloss lost the number of his mess also on strikes, amidst the loudest demonstrations nf delight from the East Melbourne supporters, who now, for the first time, saw victory well within their grasp. A base bit by Ingleton quickly caused a slight, revulsion of feeling, the clamour ag.iin bursting forth 011 Bruce being held 011 third and his comrades on first and second through Harry Irwin shaving the Rame fate as his two predecessors—out on strikes Scores: East Melbourne, 4- ; Melbourne, 3. SIXTH INNINGS.—The joy of the Jolimonters was still further intensified as J. Hruce with a mighty swipe lifted the ball into the centre field ; but their joy was quickly changed to woe when it. was perceived tliac "the brother" was " tlmr " awaiting it, to have and to hold." Then their spirits rose agaiu, as, instead of losing a life, an error of H. Invin at short stop (caused through the roughness of the ground) allowed Harry to arrive at first, aud thence to steal two more bases. Hut it WAS only the pride that goeth 'before a fall that filled their manly " buzzuius," as a piece of smart fielding from II. Irwin to Boss placed Carter hors Ac combat for the nonce, and, brilliant ns Seidel's stroke was in the right field, he found to his sorrow that Josh. Curr's maw leys were a very long remove from being butter-fingered. Things looked a bit more promising for Melbourne at the start of their sixth innings* as Over secured a nice base l)it; but unfortunately the next man, M'Leau, drove the ball straight to second base, and Over was forced out. A stroke to third base enabled M'It wraith to reach first (whilst M'Lenn was also being offered up as a sacrifice at second), a.nd th°n a judicious steal or two carried him to third, -whence I10 came in on a base hit negotiated by Willy Bruce, who stole to second prior to the innings being closed bv OuiTstrildngout. Scores : East Melbourne. •!•: Melbourne, I . SEVENTH I^NINOR.— The contest was now in a lunst interesting stage, the excitement being intense, as it was apparent that whoever tile fickle goddess Fortune would favour was bound to come out 011 top, Ijiick, however, had not so much to do with this p-irticiilar innings, the Melbourne men failing to avail themselves of various opportunities that presented. To wit, au error of short stop's resulted in Steel getting to first base—an opportunity which generally eventuates (as in the instance under notice) in bis getting round to the home plate unmolested. Then Willy Bruce (most certain of catches!) totally misjudged a favour tendered him by M'AUister, and he, too. reached first. Charley Ross certainly did set bis comrades an example by annexing a foul fly and causing the downfall of M'Leod: hut after Hoyle had secured a ba.se hit a fatal blunder on the part of thirdba.se not only allowed the veteran to get round to third, but brought M'AUister home, Hovley tal.ing advantage of a t'ov.r pan whilst .1. Bruce was batting to steal away aud over the home plate. A fly to Ingleton was once more the fate of M. Irwin, and when .1. Bruce got salely to first things looked " quisbee" in the extreme for Melbourne, until W. liruw effected another magnifieent.eatch and played "Old Hsiriv " with Harry. The seventh innings of .Melbourne was an exceedingly short and by uo means a merry one—save and except perhaps lor Boyle, who bagged Tom Irwin, Ingleton and Itoss in succession, the pitcher having two assists, and second base 011c. Scores: East Melbourne. 7 ; Melbourne, •)•. EIGHTH INNINGS.—Short stop was again responsible for Carter get.iing to firM, after which he stole to second. The. same fieldsman was also in evidence immediately afterwards ; but 011 this occasion lie. assisted first base to retire Seidel. Still ill luck seemed to stick to him, as another unfortunate blunder on his part allowed Steel to get three bases and then home. M 'A Ulster achieved abasehir,and with a very pretty slide reached No. 2 bag; but here his ileetness of foot deserted him, a-id concerted play between the pitcher, second base and the catcher resulted in his being counted out. M'Leod got to second base oil the stroke which 3. proved fatal to M'AUister and 1 b'.aiii'd another base through a passed ball; but: he failed to proceed further, as Bovle was swivelled "011 the fly" by Ingleton. " Out 011 Strikes " was fluverdict against H. Irwin, the first Melbourne man; an error to M'Allinti-r (mirMle <Udu .') allowing Over to secure first base. This apparent blessing was very much in disguise though, as 011 Hugliie M'Lean driving the ball to short stop Over had to go, and was forced out 011 second. Steel returning the ball like lightning to Boyle and securing a double play through M'Lean failing to reach the bag in time. Scores: East Melbourne, I); Melbourne, 4. NINTH INNINGS.—Anomalous as it may seem there were "no flies" about the catches with which M. Irwin aud J. Bruce were euchred, by M'Lean and Ingleton respectively; but when Harry supplemented a bast hit with a steal, and Carter emulated his example on being spared by the first baseman, it. seemed extremely probable that the East Melbourne total would reach double figures. But it was not to be. as Seidel's play to second base resulted in him failing to get to first iu time. " Five to tie. and six to win'." was Major Wardill's " straight tip" to the Melbourne men as they commenced the concluding innings; but the words seemed to inspirit Harry as well, as he " l-oeketted" three over the home plate that M'lhvraith couldn't look at. Billy Bruce to the rescue! And after a couple of desultory strokes lie lifts one deep down into foul ground, which M'AUister chases. High up in llie air the ball soars, but still the distance is so great, that it looks a matter of impossibility that the third baseman can get underneath it iu time, more especially as the wind is helping to carry it. away fromhini. Justasitisfalling, however, M'Allister makes one tremendous bound and extends his hands, whilst thousands of voices proclaim the fact that the most brilliant piece of an extremely brilliant atteroon's fielding has been successfully accomplished. Small cause for wonderment was it, after that, to see Harry once more rise to the occasion, and dismiss Curr 011 strikes; the fatal third being proclaimed amidst prolonged cheering aud hearty demonstrations of delight at the fine exhibition displayed. The full scores were— EAST MEI.HOUBNK.— 1.0.1,1,1,U.H.IJ.A Total, i). MELHOIIUNE.—3,0,0.0,0,1,0,U ti. 'Total, 4-. EAST MELBOUltNK NINH. Innings lvalue of Plaver. i I i •1 5 0 1 * !l £ Carter, left field (91 1 1 0 I ti... I 3 Seidel, catcher (2) 0 u 0 0 0 Steel, second haee (4) ... 1 ...: "1 J M-Allieter, third bae» (GL '( .J 1 u 1 M'Leod, right field (7) 0 ...i u 0 Bovle, first base 1) ... 1 1 11\. Irwin, centre field (K) 1 0 ... (I "0 ... 0 1 J. Bruce, ebort Btop tb) U ... .. 0 0 Harry, pitcher <]) '' ••!'" ... 0 Totals 1 0 1 J ] U|7, "2 !) MHMSNITHNF. NINE. Narno of Player. D. M'Uwraith, third bane (C) \V. Bruce, centre fieid (8) ... Ourr, right Asia :7) T. Irwiu. catcher <2) Tngletnn, second base < 4 i oBfl, first base . Irwin, Bborteiop (5) Over, pitcher O) 'Lean, left fluid (9) Totals 1 12 3 i V 7 • ]. II 0 . ! 1 1 ' Jl II . ll... ( .. If 01... 1; u|... (J ... U|...i 0 ... II III... • .J 11 .. 1 (1 II • jl! ...j (1, oj : »j d 0 0] 0; 1 0] llj (pitcher), Seidel (catcher) aud M'AUister (third base) for special distinction 011 behalf of the victors: Seidel's negotiation of Harry's most puzzling deliveries being simply unapproachable. The Melbourne battery (C. Over and Tom Irwin) were quite up to their work : whilst W. Bruce and Inglet on were at times brilliant in the extreme. Harry struck out nine batsmen ; Over, two. East Melbourne were only responsible, for three errors ('.I twice and once); whilst Melbourne had thirteen (<> four, o three, 4 three :t two aud S one) debited against them. THKKE is 110 necessity to indulge in any " liighfalutin (such as none but himself can be his parallel) aboutthe umpiring of Mr. (.'. Alexander. No doubt two or three "errors " could have been urged against him in all fairness; hut still they were errors of the bead—not of the heart, and our baseballers have had enough experience of the gentleman who has done so much towards fostering baseball in Victoria to become fully seized of the fact that, his decisions, like the actions of the Chevalier Bayard, are " sons prur cl sans i\'j>r<irhc " (" Without fear and without reproach"). To.11 111 WIN had a slice of hard luck during the game, as 011 one occasion he made a beautiful stroke clean over the third base (a safe twobagger). which would have brought home two base runners, had it not been declared " foul " by the umpire. The scorers, who were in a better position to judge than the umpire, were satisfied that the ball fell iu fair ground. THE Improbable happened in one case at. Football last Saturday—namely, when Collingwood defeated Carlton by 4 goals" (i behinds to 1 goal J. liehin is. This makes the cup of bitterness of the old Carltoniaus about full to over-flowing; and I hear dire threats of retribution, swift and strong, o'ertaking some of the individuals who have been mainly instrumental in disseminating the seeds of schism and disunion I alluded to la6t week. It is just about time the Committee of the Carlton Football Club took some action in the matter, ESSKNUOX administered JI tremendous dressingdown to North Melbourne by 10 goals 12 bohmus t.o 110 goals :i behinds. 1 was not present at the fiasco myself, but from those who were I glean that Thin-good had close 011 to a couple of dozen shots for goal, and that, in fact, no other player ou the Es^endon side attempted to kick a goal. If this be so, then the defeat of the North Melbourne men must have been about a " worst on record," because it stands to reason that if the whole of the Esseudon team were trying to swell Thurgood's tally of goals, they couldn't have been paying much attention to the game in other respects. 1 suppose it is quite legitimate : but all the same for that, I question if it is to the advantage of football. To niv mind, although both Thurgood and J. ti race top H.Graham and I'raser in the mere matter of number of goals kicked, the two last named have acquitted themselves far better than cither of the top-.sawyors. As a matter of fact, Eraser's was an incomparably superior performance to that, of Thurgood's ; inasmuch as out of 77 goals obtained by his club in premiership matches this season, he negotiated no less than 40; whilst Thurgood, with all his "feeding," etcetera (and according to my way of thinking there is a lot in the etcetera part of the business), only succeeded in getting of) out of 131. H. Graham's figures more nearly approximate Thurgood's, as the Melbourne goal-kicker put up 42 out of lu;i gained by his side. I really think something should be done in this matter of special piizes for the highest number of goals; as it presents itself to me as likely to open the door to distinct bribery and corruption. For instance: Would the V.F.A. consider it fair for one of the leading teams who are short of a good goal- kicker (say. lor instance, Carlton) to approach Eraser and guarantee that if he joined their team next year they would allow him free scope to annex the goal-kicking trophy if possible ! J Moreover, 1 have heard a great many people express themselves as being thoroughly convinced ihat on a couple of occasions this year teams who had no chance of being well up in the premiership list themselves purposely allowed certain goal-kickers to amass as many goals as possible. In contradistinction to this I have been informed that no less than three North Melbourne men were " Shepherding'' Thurgood to prevent liiui getting the ball. It so, then all I have to say is, tuat if he had nearly a couple of dozen shots they must have been a very "pussy" triumvirate. Besides, in my day "shepherding " in football meant exactly the opposite to that. FITZKOY routed Footscray by 7 goals 7 behinds to 1 goal 4 behinds-, and Port Melbourne (4—14) defeated tile liichmond (2—4). ON the St. ICilda grouud there was a very keen and exciting struggle, between Melbourne and St. Kilda, neither side being able to score a goal prior to intermission time, Melbourne then having 3 behinds to 1'. Despite this, the game had been a terribly hard one ; in fact., for fully five minutes before t he half-time bell pealed forth the tussle was one of the most tremendous ever it has been my good fortune to witness. Backwards and forwards, oue-down-another-come-on, from wing to centre, from centre to wing, hard at it without a moment's rest, fully thirty out of the forty players were at full tension; the very oldest of the old '1111s declaring emphatically that they never recollected a finer rally Since first football was played in Victoria. Harry Wilson, the central umpire, was, to use the expressive phrase of It. H. M'Leod—" dead to the world;" aud it was just as well that lie was, for the central umpire who would have brought his whistle into requisition to have stopped the iiiciec would have been absolutely guilty of a Crime. "Something must crack up ; ifesli and blood cafmot. possibly, hold out at that strain," remarked the Pedagogue in my auricular organ; and lo! just ns the words were uttered there was a slight lull prior to the bell ringing, the excited multitude bestowing thunders of applause, "In Like Proportion,"on the belligerents. Both Bides scored the second half, Melbourne eventually winning by goals H behinds to 2 goals 5 behinds. DOWN at Geelongtliestuidy South Melbouriioites> starting with the advantage of the wind, put the localladsunder the whip from the start, booting up no less than 3 goals 5 behinds to " mxey " the first quarter. Notwithstanding that they had rather a weak team, Geelong battled bravely against this handicap, a.nd finally made matters •' an equaller'" by scoring 0 goals 12 behinds to (i goals 5 behinds. ALTHOUGH there are to lie a few extra matches plaved this season under the sanction of tin? Victorian Football Association, towards . the furtherance of some desirable objects, public interest will have virtually ceased in the great winter pastime with last Saturday's matches. This being so, I will simply place before you the position of the various clubs ou the— FOOTBALL ritUMIKltS'ill' LIST PCJi IKE. - o T Kamu of Giub, It 3 | g !l = 1 P. - I ! 131 HI r,:i 7li <W SI r.i :i r.47 1111 70 4\. ileltiourne .. • IS 10 5 US! 79 72 11'. 5\. UKHiou 1 20 : 12 7 1 « SO m 2T)U1 <j. S. Melionriii 1 21 . !! H i 91 Wi M 2 (195 7\. Pc. Mclb'rne i 2D : 9 10 1 77 V l'»mo H Richmond .. 1 in: H 10 1 « lot 70 ::i 1 7S9 9\. St. Kilda .. i is; 9 ; HI 72 1 777 10\. Kooiccray .. 1 211 13 1 ' S9 107 SO 1 MM 11\. N. Itelwmrn , 20 ; 14 114 Ml 2U 1 11)0 32\. Oo'jiiigwjoa 18 :) H 1 1 4h 111.1 72 1-1 0-;7T ]X. Williampt'n 1 IK 1! 14 1 .1(1 li:i 72 1! 0-777 Mit. A. HUNT, one of the delegates of the Melbourne Football Club on the Victorian Football Association, is certainly a very remarkable man ; in the words of the immortal proprietor of the Nan York liovidy Jnunml—" One of the most remarkable men in the country." I have hardly ever attended a meeting of the V.F.A. but what 1 found him with a Motion before the chair, In point of fact, he appears to have got closer than ever a son of mail did before to the philosopher's stone, of Perpetual Motion. Last Friday night was no exception to the pretty general ruie, Mr. Hunt's contention being that it would be of advantage to the Ballarat clubs if they seceded fioui the parent body and formed an association of their own. His arguments were fairly sound ones, too.- but unfortunately two of the secretaries ot linllnrat clubs had informed him by letter that they had no desire to secede from the V.F.A., iu the first place because there was not the slightest prosnect. of their being able to form 11 local association, and in the second place because, after being connected with it for such a lengthened period, they did not wish to be out of touch witli the metropolitan Football Parliament. Judging from the expressions of opinion at the meeting, I came to the conclusion that, whilst there was no desire to lose touch with the Ballarat clubs, it was considered inadvisable fur each of the three clubs in that district — Ballarat, Ballarat Imperial and South Ballarat — to have tile same representation (two delegates) on the V.F.A. as those senior clubs who compete for the Premiership At present it is found to be practicably impossible for the Ballarat clubs to contest for the football premiership, the distance between Ballarat and Melbourne preventing them from sending their best twenties down to Melbourne to play, and also precluding metropolitan clubs from pittiu" their full strength against them at Ballarat. EVENTUALLY, after a deal of argument, during the course of which vice-president R. W. Best strongly advocated the claims of the Ballarat: clubs to remain in the association, whilst thoroughly endorsing the views of a reduction in their representation, Jlr. Hunt's motion was carried, and the secretary was authorised to write to the Ballarat clubs to that effect. No sooner was this done than another of the delegates (Mr. W. H. Williams) gave notice of motion to tile effect that the number of delegates to the Association from the Ballarat clubs should 1 ie reduced to one from each club. THE Laws of the Australasian Game of Football are to be overhauled again at a Conference to be held in Melbourne during Cup week. May 1 be allowed to suggest that an English Dictionary would not be out of place if it were within "touch" of the Intercolonial delegates duriii"- their deliberations. A reference to it occasionally as to what certain words (gucb as "consult " iii Clause C') of Law !l) really do mean might possibly prevent plain individuals like myself making socalled "unwarranted" remarks about umpires who fail to carry out the strict letter of the law. THERE was a very fair attendance at the Melbourne Athletic Club on Saturday evenin", the spirited manner in which "young Hen- arty" acquitted himself against Sweet eliciting^tiie heartiest demonstrations of approval. Maguire might just as well try to catch a weazel asleep as to attempt to fool Ueferee Virgoe about n knockout and the fact that hi? lost the loser's end of the pur.e through his tactics should learn him a much-needed lesson. Starlight quite outgeneralled Charley Woods, and the latter will doubtless benefit by the transaction, as he is t uite a youngster, although possessed of all the physique and pluck essential to become a first-class boxer. Of course as Starlight proved victorious, we will ot hear any more about his "retiring " for some ime to come. It would be a thousand pities if he iii, tor he is" a source of much amusement through his actions) when ou the boarded stage. 