..llHctnii'. - ; Whj Did Ha Lore liar? '\ • •• * '*> CHAri;iii; XXX! I (Cmninne.iv, “lid! Mim Carrie; iow Iirre7 Mil i «up* pose (lie news of la«t night's escapade brought von nvcr.: I'liooe my patient knows nothing n( the nlTair, (or 1 am told lie was opposed to the thariinge. 1 rim't fte will, for l’hilip Vane is an elognnt and; cltvtr idling fellow; and ill* lielrse* hasn't mntle such a had choice. lVor Fontaine a mind wasprobably lib elearrr on that icme limn 'on others, nr' lie would not hat* opposed her wishes.” "1 cannot agree with ton, doctor. I tliiiik'the abjections of Mr. I’l'lltainc were well founded,”.she coldly replied. ^ I did not come over oti Sayello's necoiint, lint to remove lanla to the. ,Vnlo. 1 am so'ry to «ay that she hits lifctl attacked hy illness, brought on, it semis, hy the scent of the fresh paint upon the house. Mr. fchunnier ten gave her such remedies as ho teousv dered ntceasary, and mho is tiuteh belter,;, but l shall he glad if’jou will go up and see her before ton leave." “ Of eourse; such cases are not uncom mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tem perament. tint 1 liiusl first go In and ;see liotv Fontaine is. Jt is a melancholy, liallu einalioirlie labours.. under, and 1 almost despair of dispelling it.” " la it sven ao !" said Miss Csrleton, with a slight shudder. “Is there no hope for , him t” I “ I can see none, for there is a eanse for . the spectral illusion in this ease—a fatal j eause, which inedioal skill can never re- j Their eves met, and both fait that the , other knew what the dire cause wn«. She' presently asked: Can I not see him ! I do not wish to I ■peak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as tohiseondition.’j V lean easily manage that for you. Fass through this window, nnd remain in the library while I am with hint in ltis own apartment. I have had a curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him ir ritable to have some one always in sight. You can shelter"yourself behind it and look on him while lie talks with me.” While he was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw up the sash of the win dow. Closer aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise ae he recognised Miss Carleton. She motioned to him to re main silent, nnd passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. / Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside rind entered the large room, while Miss Carieton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a position as to enable her to lool( jnto Fon taine's apartment without being herself He mi sitting with liis fact turned to* ward her, holding a fragment of paper in hie halide, which lie nervously tinned from tide to tide, rolling it up and amopthing it out alternately, ai if. uneonseiopi of what he was doing. The crimson cushions of the large chair on which he aat threw out hie statuesque head, with iti clearly cut features,' now nearly as colourless as marble itself. His large black eyes, as they wandered restleeely around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at tha Vale ; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an inatant upon him, and then dropping hie paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in hie natural "Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to con- | vines myself (hat you are real. I am 10 i haunted by phantoniB that 1 cannot distin- | guisli flesh and blood from them unless I > touch it." " I, at all events, am a substantial en- , tity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit I any of my friends in a ghostly shape.- Have j yonr filmy friends multiplied ? At first it i was only one that visited you.” " Yes,” he mysteriously replied; " he lias brought others with him. He was the dead demon ; but he lias eallad others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banqtto’s ghost, with thosa that came to Biehard III. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into the days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside the couch of Brutus end said, * Meet me at Phillippi 1’ Ah 1 it was d<ath that met him there; bnt toy familiar, givos me no aueh welcome warning.” " Why should yon wish to die, Fontaine ? Yon have inuehdo live for,” wa* the sooth ing reply. - " Much, much—yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mercy to me hr die. If I eould wipe this red stain from my hand, I might clasp one that eould drive every evil from me;but it deepens, it darken* with every hour, doetor, Oh! murder Is a fear ful crime ; and he who eommite'it merits death. I had rather pay that penalty than live the life to which I am doomed,” " Then you are tired, of being shut up here ? If you wish it, I ^ill-permit you to walk out out daily. You need not go be yond your own grounds.” : Fontaine slowly shook hie head* 1 "No, Sinclair; I will not make a-spec tacle of myself to my own people. Besides, the phantom forbids that; he is- standing between ua now, and he frowns even at the proposal from you. No—thee* rooms shall become my living graTe for I will hot go beyond them." i “ We shall see when the spring weather eomes. It is cold now, and it is well for you to stay in doors.” "Ones I breasted the storm and defied the wind ; now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breatli. Sinclair, who is behind that curtain ? I feel a presenee there that wafts sweetness and comfort to me. Who is it?" He half, arose as if to approach the (haded door, but the physician placed his hand upon his arm, and said: " A friend of youre is there, bnt she did not intend to intrade upon you. Would it pleas* you to see her ! You are so calm to day that! think her visit will not. harm -Fontaine sank back, , and in an excited whisper said: “Bring her in 1 I know—I know who it must be.” ' pr. Sinclair went to the curtain, drew it riMtln, nnd Icil forward llie woman wlio had wntehedmid listened with hot heart upon her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her with bis u»ual stalely elegance, but wlfttl" she offered iiiin her cold hand, ho rapidly. drew her toward him,'; and pressed her to Ilia breast nml said: “ You hare come to the lout one, Carrie You might have eared me, if I dared to lay the burden of 'iny sin upon jour innocent ilieaVf. | Cut X could, not—I could not; and and now I am demon-haunted, while my angel is far from me. Ah ! there it is now —gliding I etwc 'ii us witli its deadly brentli —chilling me to the heart.” His arms dropped down suddenly, and lie tottered ns if about to fall. Hr. Sinclair hastened to support him to his seat, and after a few moments lie became more com Mi.*s Cnrletoii gently ashed: “Is there no oilier one you would like to see, Mr. Fon taine ? One you have, dearly loved would •he1 made happy by being admitted into your presence again.” He regarded her vacantly, nnd seemed to ho considering the meaning of her words. Presently he pressed his hand to his head and snid: “ Yes, yes—I remember. I cnlled her my child; I loved her as such ; but the demon forbids mo to do so any longer. He com mands hie not to look upon her, and I dare not disobey him. Hut you can tnke my place. Take Isoln to your heart, Carrie Cnrleton, and she will prove ns great a blessing to you as she might have been to me, but for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her again ; her presence is op pressive to me ; and—and—now even ynuri is becoming so. There stands the phsntom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolical power over you that he lias over He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Misa Carieton glided from the ap artment, carrying with her the painful fear that Claude Fontaine’s mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carieton wrote a brief note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as she might roquiro during her slay. Tlie carriage was sent back with this : and unable to rtmain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushing her to the earth, Carrie Carieton wnndered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She. spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than once the cry came to her lips ; “ Oh, would that the right was mins to bs nsar him for ever—for sverl” 