? 'OLD BILL. 1 He was «ne of a^type fast disappear-: ing from the colonies—the freserr&nt.; One by whom the divine right of masters was sever - questioned. • - Sis life had been uneventful. But In Sydney in the early days—of the century, be was probably one of the first " Australian Natives." Many a tale could he tell of life those days when the handful of British settlers in Sydney sent oat from year to year the more adventurous' spirits to explore the Blue Mountains and the land "of mystery beyond. His father was with Wentworth on his successful expedition, which opened up the rich grazing fields of the interior to the flocks already getting too nttmerons for their circumscribed-quarters between the mountains and the sea. His life as a laborer in Sydney was simple enough, unobservant of anything save the duties of his own humble sphere, in them he was rarely surpassed. In the meantime the Murray was being, explored, the Port Phillip settlement was made, and when thé great gold rash of '50 camé. Bill—who had lost his wife—was induced to "join a party and try his .luck in the gold field?. He was moderately fjsmâjè^^ to ^ finding that money wis to be tnade oiitlie roads, he bought a. team of black ^ bullocks and started as carrier. In those days gcods Were often charged for at the rate of £20 per ton. • Thedistrict round Bendigo was fast becoming settled, and .'Old Bill' soon became known as the most trustworthy bullock driver on the roads. Kindness to damb creatures was one of his strong 1 points, and his black bullocks were made the companions of the long lonely trips, and he proudly boasted of them as the best team on the roads. He finally settled at a station on the L=»Jd>n, which was his home for the last thirty years of his life. He never tired of telling of its .palmy days when selectors and fences were unknown, when shearing was the event of the year, and when the picked flock of 2000 he was entrusted with each year always topped the Ballarat market at £1 per head. In those days tile horses of the station wete what they should be—'Old Bill'used to shake his head over later day delinqnincies in that rèspèct—and life in general worth living for the bnshman. He had his faults, and occasionally went 'on the spree,' but such fits were of rare occurrence, and were regretfully atoned for by working twice as hard as usual till they were forgotten. He was hale and hearty to the end, and died the peaceful natural death of old age. It was in the summer of 1889-90, after five weeks of the hottest weather ever experienced i n the district, 'Old Bill' was alone, in charge of an out station. For weeks and weeks the heat had grown more intolerable. The ground and atmosphère were so thoroughly heated that night brought no relief. It. was an exertion to walk, almost an effort to hreathe. Stock were dying of thirst ; the ground cracking in all directions, the Loddon a line of inky black water holes. It seemed indeed that ^Nature's ancient power Jiad . fled,' or that some spell lay on the land. The old man had taken lus jhotsé downirç waiter às_ aud was seated on his chair outside the door. A peaceful, far-away Jook is on his rugged face, he is doubtless far back in his old dnys, and the pipe falls unheeded from his lips. The sun had set, but the heat seemed more intense, when suddenly the ghost of a breeze springs up from the south. It dks'away, but is succeed by another puff at the interval of a few minutes. This time it gained in strength and after a while becomes a gusty breeze. And now, at lest,— heavy drops of rain fall on the naked eartlî. The dog by the old man's side barks and licks his hand excitedly. He seems not to realise the joy. His eyes are closed, his head fallen slightly forward., The cool breeze stirs the gray hair, the rain drops fall unheeded on the withered hand. THB CHANGE HAS ? <3\. H 