FernM's Double. Jcorriuaiir.J Romance of Maoriland; By Atha Wostbnry. OHAPTER IV. — (Continued). "Whilo tho fiddles aro being tuned, nnd tho playors nro proparingfor honest Philip Maaningor's mastorpicce, let mo tako up tho:wand of Hormes and put baok old ; Father Timobysix years. a no woria was younger and brighter for Viotorino Hargravo, then only a strip . of a girl, just over hor eighteenth birth day, a birthday at , whiohthoro had boon nn innoconfc drinking of ua at Major Hargravo's cotlago, on tho cliff overlook ing tho Waitamata , Major Hargravo & a widowof.ahd no poor . 08 Job, Ho is a roan who has soon inucb life,' no has fought for Don Carlos, and derives hU military titlo from hisaorvico in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London liavo in turn boen his homo. Ho has \- spout eomo portion ofhisdavsin Sm.ih America, and is not unremomhorod in Moxioo. But at sixty-Bovcn ho has had onuugh of a nomad oxistenco. It is pleasant to romembor his wandor ngs and rolnto his adventures whilo ho reposes at ease by his hearth ; pleaaantor till to. havo hia olovor, bright, graceful daughter to miniafor to hia wants, ond who mokes a sovereign go as far na two dispensed by a duller housokcoper. His cottago, at Parnoll, is tho pink of neatness ; very amall, but Booming so much tho snugger for its amallncss, daintily furnished with tho relics of larger nnd moro splendid abodes, picked up as occasion sorvod. Victorino is ono of those nctivo spirits who riso early. Blio gives hor mornings to household duties, nud flita about light of foot, with gloved hands, and broad linon apron. Tho nnjor, although a soldier of for tuno, hns over boon an honest man. It is Ills boast that ho has lived amongst spendthrifts and sooi&l; Bohemians, and yet mid his way ; thnt no tailor rometn- w.u .p,,,. Hiuiupi8; inai no timoycl. lowed pngo in a fashionablo boutmakor's lodgor records his dishonor. In his retiromont ho amuses himaolf with litoraturo, and though this pastime widens his narrow income, ho haB moro prido in his aoluovomcnts than in tho re muneration. Tho daughter is not so well satisfied with hor surroundings. Sho has lived in this seaboard of Auokland for . mora than ton years, but sho has dim rccollootioiis of London and Paris, which come und go in hor memory liko a dronra in tho "Arabian Nights." To bo rich : and , powerful, that is tho acino of hor ambition. - Sho asks hor father wonderingly, , "How ho can exist in thin dull antipodes . ;. after his oxporionoo of briglitor worlds. " . Tho girl .knows that with oven less op portunities, alio is moro accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings bettor, plays moro brilliantly, has . -a moro jjoneral capacity for learning now .... things, a greater doftnoss of finger, superior tasto 111 drcso, and moro skill in making much out ofliltlo- Hor father is foolishly fond, proudly ( , indulgent, praises Victorino's pretty look's, her' Bwoet voice, graceful winning wayB, . hor cleverness, and genonil good . .inanngumont, She lives in an ntmosphoro . of praise ; neoa ovory morning- to be ad-' . .ihirod ; lies -down at night pleased with. .. Jibr own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are the mnjor's nearest and dearest friends. Mother and son aro' . " as tona ol- victorino as it sho were their own flesh and. blood. Often in tho sum mor gloaming girl and boy havo climbed the cliff, abovo tho uoblo bay, nud hero havo watched tho, ships glido to and fro, . hko grirn ghosts in tho fading twilight. . Major Hargravo is at his host as a draraatio critic. Shakespeare is a wholo library to him. Ho has so ombuod his daughter with a lovoof tho groat drama- . tist, that tho girl has a vontablo passion' for tho art. Sho knows ovory word'of . - Jollot, Queen Kathonno, Rosaline, Lady \- Maoboth, Oordolia and Beatrico. Under : tho major's tuition Victorino has grown . Into a euperb elocutionist. By tho ; winter's fire,- wlulo horfathor smoked his pipo, alio lias spouted tho wholo Shako- « sporiati round. Ho toaohos hor how tho most' famous actress of his day used to . < pauso horo, or linger fondly on a word : . . , thoro, ol riso at sueh a point to indignant .'.passion. Horomombora tho groat Siddous, how hor awful whisper wont through tho ; - gloom of tho . theatre, as if mooking tho : . .ovil spirits. - And Viotorino hangs on his \- words with dolight, oud asks him again AUd again to dosonbo tho wondrous ort. -Alton Lyndhurst is throo years Vio- ; \ tqrino's sonior, and is fighting nu upliill fight . for a place in tho world of lottors. What llttlo timo ho can sparo from his .Work' is dovotcd to Major Hargravo'o daughter, for tho poor ponniless soribo Almost worships hor. It is tho ono gloain of sunshine on his drudging lifo to read- Shalccspiuro with hor, or to play Romoo to hor Juliot. Thoro 'is just enough in her uulikoness to all otlior womon to -.- intbli tho1 fancy of tho d»oaming on- . thusiast, who is as deeply smitten with . tho only truo, absorbing, unchanging, : / .stomal, passion as a young man of twonty- two can bo. . . 'i So on that high cliff, perched on tho . sea wall, Alton tolls Mojur llnrgrnvos \- dsughtor Ins lovo. " ' ' AMsl for tho unfortunnto scribo. V. ;.f With.' ehapoly hands rosting on his ' < shoulder, ' eyes looking into In-, words coming swiftly, and with sobs borne .. along tho eloquent votoo, sho tells lum, r that if olio could lovo onyono it would bo Alton. If sho could forgot hor torrible ; '. struggles with grim want, and resign her " ' hopoof unbounded woalih nnd station, it would bo for Alton. But it had boon tho ; droam of hor . Iifo to bocoino rich and poworfal ; to omorge out of tho slough of 1 despond, . povertv, into tho clcaror light that is bwn of offiuenoe. Alton Lyudliurst.goos back ogain to his work, shuts himsolf up with his books, and strives only as earnest moa atrivo whuu love dies and oinbiUon is born. Before tho yoar. is out Viotoriuo Har gravo is married. , Amid tho fevoc of Pnrlinitionlnry do- . V-1 ",0 Btro"f "Pinion, qnickonitiR into life, and which had begun to agitato oven those romoto colonists, Alton Lynd- hurst found vont for his sorrow. If at first his faith and bsliof in tho purity and goodnosa of woman had boon overthrown liko somo rickety tomplo of frailost .masonry, ho had omcrgod again from hia .trandoringa to tho light of formor g'aiding ators. Work had saved him ; linrd, atom, nnflinohiiig work. Tho very effort to forgot his uaad folly and presumption; had brought forth a latent power, till thon slumbering, and tho rosnlt was farao. Viotorino Hargravo had tho gratifica tion of hor darling wish Botiafied, inaa- muoh as sho wodtlod ono of tho largest land ownora in tho colony. In the ab. aonco of good looks, youth, and' that nocosoary culture which lond ideal charms to lovo, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that wo poor dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. Iho fetish whom wo nil ndoro, rail od wo mnv. Al, ma TtM nr.' , . M . . v. lav. Ji.uro. v iciortito Uiiyinntl wna not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married lifo, it wus, porchnnco, bocauao eho was a woman, and not the fault of her lord nnd mastor, who gratified ovory whim, ovory dosire of her heart, so far as ready cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorino Gaylnnd wont to Eng land, and was absent but two years, wlion shu returned to Now . Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorino Gayland became tho fashion and the rngo amongst tho upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. Tho wives ot tho squattors and bankers who had hitherto shrugged thoir fairshotildors at Mnjor Hargravo's ponniless daughter, woro delighted with tho brilliant, cap tivating, rich young widow. Thoao who lmd passed her coldly by horotoforo wero glad at a nod of rooognition from tho queen, whoso word was final. Sho hns thought of Alton Lyndhurst bo- times in thoso two years of hor marriod Comparisons havo jarrod upon tho sensitivo cords of hor nature whon alio lias pitted him in imagination against this mono/'gotlcr who calls hor wife. Sho has thought of him vory ofton in har solitary widowhood, wondoHng. .why hu dues, not comn ; thinking him unkind and cniol for withholding his notice and his praise, now that all tho world notices and praises her. Sho is amongst tho first- to road that book which lifts his namo at ono bound into notoriety. Oh, how ovory pago preaches to hor of tho days that are gone, of thoso unforgottcn days, wlion ho was hers, lying at her feet in tho Into autumn twilighls, with tho broad full moon Bhir.i»g upon tho sea. Ho has laid his own honrt upon tho dissecting table, anatomised its ovory pulso. Sho knows now how utterly that hoart wna hors; how torn and wounded by hor desortion. Sho comes faqo to .faco with him onoo mora in those vivid pages, nnd tho. vory brouth of that lovo day oomos-back to her. - Sho roads, and tho amouldoring lovo flames up with a brighter, strouger firo, and sho knows that )io Iovoh Alton Lyiidhuret bottcr, piirvr, tlmn of old, and must so lovo him to tho ond of life, ' . Ono, day at a gardon party, given by tho pop'ular moniber for \Vest Auokland, Ahon nnd Victorino. moot again. The bollo of fashion and ,thb rising author are both changed j both nro accompliahod in tho polito .art of solf-roprossion. ' Sho groots him with graooful tranquility, ho with gracious candour. . Thoy talk of tho old cottago by tho sea walls of tho doar doad fathor. From that time the idol of fashion nud . tho popular author aro friends, but thoro is no word of lovo bp-' twoen thoin. Tcmpua omnia re vela t. Oast tliy magic wand asido, 0, Hormes. Lift tho curtain again on tho group gathorod round Altou Lyndhurst, Tho thdmo is' still mou and books. Oolonol do Baal ia ono of tho latter, party. Watch him as ho sits wifcli qniot mien liBtoniug to tho talker. Thoro is ono hugo snoor stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and rofinod thut it appears liko a benign smilo upon Ms laco. ' < . , ' ,kT often wonder," remarks Fonton Groy, a noted musiolan, who haocomo down to spend tho wintor at tho Book, "I ofton wonder that among so many books written for this.age, thoro aro so fow that ooom calculated to make pcoplo bettor." . , "My dear sir. goodness,' from' an rosthctio point of viow, is thb rovorao of intoroaling," rejoins tho colouol, blandly., "Yot, Goldsmith has ventured to depict charaotors that aro almost faultless," an- swors Lyndhurst. The onlonol shrugs his shouldors. "Truo," ho says; "hut GoldsmUh was a Humorist, and could afford to. paint virtuo. Humor romovos tho insipidity of honovulonco with hio horobs, Fauat is not good, and Ingo is simply oxocrablo ; but whoro can you mr.toh theso for in- torest." Alton Lyndhurst looks with moro at-, tontion at tho speaker tlian ho has dono hitherto. " Thon you dony that thoro can bo any interest in the kind of rending which may tend to raiso'tho wholo tono of ono's boing?" ho asks. "For my part .1 lovo Tohnyscn; Onocannut road lum without fueling bettor and braver. V . "Nny, virtue is so sunplo a nmUor, thnt itnfiordo fow opportunities for nrt/' reaponds du Roal, m tliosninoquiot tono, "Vice ' and criino nro many- sided, and offer iiifinito scopo for tho literary anato mist. Ono Cleopatra, mighty and fallow, 10 worth all tho cold porfootion of your modern horotno." Tho stago bell rings as Alton is about to roply, hud that puts an ond to all furthor coutrovorsy. Thoao who' to tako part in tho performnnco hanto away to drcBs, and tho flddlos b3gtn to tuno for tho over ture. . Tho most difficult part has fallen upon tho mantle of tho oolonol; bat " Sir Giles Overoaoh " fits him as if ho hod made it a lifo-bng study. Lady Allworth finds a worthy ropresontativo in Mrs. Victorino Gayland. Tho rioh widow is .an artist of tho first order, as well as a woman of fashion. Nino o'clock p.m.— Sottlo yourselves comfortably in your seats. "A Now Way to Play Old DAds." A play by Philip MosBingor, writton two liundrod and twenty years ago. Such a pieco is just tho thing fur a drawing-room liko this one. And tho costumes, so far as tho ladies are con cerned, aro simply perfect. Up with tho ourtain. A room in Lady Allworth's houso. Boudoirs, bluo ond gold, brocade and satin wood. The walls aro painted white, carved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn tho p&nolling.; Old Venotian mirrors, reflecting dark blue dolf and rare old porcelain. Grim Fornhrook has boon ransaokod to furnish this scono. Ten o'olook, — Tho applause is loud and long. Hilton Fornbrook, who has boon lourging about mobdy and silent, goes behind tho scenes. " Ah, won chcrt how aro you ?" cries tho colonol. ' Accept my congratulations," replies tho young man, with just tho faintest touch of naroasm 111 his voice. " Yon aro winning golden opinions, sir." Colonel do Roal lends him naldc. "My Sun. If some groat onthuriast could auddonly spring up in our »nidt, and raise tho roofs off thoso pooplo'a brains,. na Asinodous lifted the roofs of tho buildings in tbo city of Madrid, .what strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering." Oloao by tho wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. " This night will mnko you famous," ho whispors. Sho lifts her oyos to his for a moment, then replies thoughtfully : "If ono did not oook to win famo thcro would bo no such thing an greatness." "Tho most lasting faino has boon won by goodness rather than talent," ho an- swors, coldly, and moves away. Thocloso of tho ontortninreont is very brilliant, nud morgcsatlangth intoa ball, when polkas aud country, dances ushor in tho groy dawn of day. / CHAPTER ' COLONEL I)E ROAL. Tho ball which followed clo30 upon tho heels of tho dramatic entertainment, was at its hoight. From tho half circular gallery abovo tho gay throng, it Boomed' that tho play hnd just begun. Thoso who had taken part in tho mimic scenes horo toforo woro merged into tho picture, and added tono ana color to it. An old dock of antiquo roodol, standing abovo the bnlustrndod stairway, ohuncd an hour aftor midnight a? Ojlonoldo Roal pasaed onward with moasurod tread to tho suite of rooms boy ond assigned to Ills use. Ho had not changed ono jot of his costume na Sir Giles Overreach, cxcopt tho hoavy wig, .Ho ontcrod his rooni, took. a wot spongo, and cnrofully removed all traces of tho (lark lines which had boon streaked upon liia fnco.by 'the costumiers, who had givouittho hard, atom aspect of tho greedy, inonoy- grubbing hero of Massin- gor's drama. . This accomplished to liis satisfaction, tho Oolonol stood boforo tho huge mirror and complacently stroked his largo moustache rofluctivoly for somo cbnaidorablo time. At tho furthor end of tho apartment thore was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on aphair. Torn portions of many labels of divors colors still adhorcd to it, proving that it hnd boon a groat traveller in its day, Whatovor might havo been the Subjoot of .Oolonol do Roal's cogitations, thov ovi- dontly had somo connooting lftilc with tho valiso, for; his thiuking fit onded, ho pro duced a koy, unlocked thb rcoeptoclo, and took thorcfrohvsomo dboumoiits, togothor part of ah old nowepapor. Thoso ho thrust' into.his doublot, As ho was' about to oloao tho trunk a ' second thought scomod to. occur to Mm, for ho plungod his haiid ambngst ita misobllanoous contonts/nnd drow forth a small rovolvor. . "Gaoton do Roal, you havo oxi&tcd-in; this beautiful .world . till you aro old. and grey, but your trust in human nature has not boon improved .by tinio- tno/i ami. Trust no oho is a , good maxim, Tho great est military' genius of any timo trusted hia friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Croanr. Humph 1 . roat thoro niy friend till wautod,"ho continued in a muttorod tono. ' Whoii ono has to play with a skillod gampstor it is well -to have moro than ono trump card to hand." With the. samo mosaured, soldiorly troad, wluoh apponrpd part and parcel of tho man, ho went out along tho corridor, smiling and bowing ..with' courtly graco to many . who had taken poasossion of' tho grand stoirchso to'kUs and flirt,. and as- couding a amall flight of atairs .branohing therefrom, ontorod a chamber aituatcd al most at tho apox ond of tho' building. The' apartmonb was' a oorfc of rotroat or amoking room used by Hilton Fornbrook, and on that account was hold strictly privato from all iii'trusion by thatgontlo- man's guoata; Novortholcaa, tho Oolonol mnrchcd in without coromony. Hilton Fornbrook waa aoatcd, connin" a rough chart apro.vl out on a tablo bo- ford him, whilo Timothy Sharpo, his man, introduced in tho first , olmptor of this history aa tho Ferret, : atood by, ready equipped, aa if for a long jouriioyv Tho lattor pursonngo was evidently dis- turbed at tho right of tho intrudor, but Fornbrook rooo quioily and bado his visitor wcloopio. "Wo will defer yourdopartuio, Sliarpo, until tho morning, ho aaid, folding up tho map and placing 't m nn , iron box, which ho locked, "Now go." "Pray, don't lot ino disturb you, my doar Fornbrook," began tho Oolonol.' " Bo ecutcd, sir. I'ho bnnmcaa 10 of hltlo nuportRnoo,' rojoiuod Hilton, draw ing aa oaay ohair towards tho Gro. "Good night,. Slmrpo; Oloao tho door." . ThoForrot bnwod and rotirod, but not through tho'door whioh do Roal hud oq- torod. . Ho drow nsido a thick curtain which divided the cooiq front ft dcop to ccasfiUod with useless guns, fishing taoklo, &c.;, nnd mado his oxit through alow doorway behind it. Thu master of Fornbrook and his visitor sat in silonco for several minutes aftor tho dopnrturo of tho Forrot. "My son, Ifoel inquisitive to-night," said tho Colonuliu liis blandest (ono after a long pauso. " l'in afraid 1 havo an noyed you by coming hero unexpected ly." "Notntall. Oolonol do Roal is quite at liberty, to go whero ho pleases hero at Fornbrook. But what aro your do- stros?" " What is bohlnd that saroon ?" "Nothing batold lumboraccumuUtod, tho Lord knows whon or how." " And tho doorway thoro is iu there- 008B 1" " It leads to a passago opening to tho stablosbolow, that's all." " Humph 1 This is but n poor, unat- tractivo npnrtmont, m on cher, with so mnny at your command, ond very much superior in tho way of embolHshmonts." Hilton Fornbrook turqbd iytd looked full in tho faco of his companion. "Tliis room suits mo," ho responded slowly, "Horol am sccuro from in trusion. Como sir," ho nddod more quickly, "you havo nut sought mo in my <lon to ask silly quostions at two o1 clock iti tho morning." u No, my aon, corlainly not. By tho bye, nro you cortnin that wo aro froo from intrusioul" "As froo ns if wo wero out yonder on tho ocoan." 41 Good ! cried tho -Colonel in liis usual smooth voice, "After hi! I havo not ccrao tu toll of ghost and goblins, and of mur ders dono at midr.ight. Noithor havo I nny s crota of ohurch or statu to unfold at this witching hour. My iloar boy, my solo errand is to show you a paragraph in nn old uowspaper, which may possibly interest you." "Thank you. What nowspnpsr is it?" "Tho 4 Sydnoy Morning Herald,' bear ing dato of 13ch Mnroh, 18— — roplicd tho Colunol. l4TwcIvo months ago." , 14 Exactly." "Thonows is corlainly stale." 44 But poxhaps uono tho less interesting for all that. Sumo kind of information. liko old wino, is alt tho hotter for being old. Shall I read tho paragraph 1" Do Roal drow his chair nearer to tho table, on which stood a small porfumcd lamp. Placing Irs gold oyo glass with duo oaro and nicotr, ho pulled' forth tho paper from his duublot and bogan to rend. Hilton Fornbrook looked at his com panion with a smilo, but it was tho cold habitual smilo of the practical man of tho world.' Above it tho byes gleamed' with a sinister oppression of dislike, and 'tho brow frowned ovor tho oyes liko an over hanging thunder cloud. . "It is now ascertained boyond a doubt that tflp burning wreck soon by tho ship I)ui'ham\Casilet on voyage to Now Zoa- limd, was none other than tho sohoonor 4Bcngull,' which dianppoarod so mystori- oualy from this port sumo 'months .ago. It will bo remomborcd that tho Captain of tlio "Soagul " ongngod a crow.of six men fur a voyago to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On tho way tho crow mutinied, and put the Skipper ashoro on a small island within a day's sail of Qauti, nnd thcro . left him to his fato. By a pure chanco Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on boaril tho S.S. Stovmbinl a month'- afterwards, and brought on to Sydney moro dead than alivo aftor torriblo suffering." Tlio roader paused, and looking at his companion, said— 41 My son, what do you think of it ?" Hilton Fornbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. "Think of what, Colonel! Whnt in terest can I havo in tho doings of suoh wrotolios V. " Merely for study, dear boy. I know you aro fond of describing tho motivo powot. which moves tho oriminnl olasH. Hoar this — 41 It is known that ono of tho mutinous orow engaged by Captain Bowls of tho ' Seagull ' was boyond .'doubt a noted criminal named Viotor Mauprat, an cscapoo from . Portland Prison, Eng land." iV / " Rumor hath it tbat this .'convict is well oducatod nnd of good birtb, hia fathor boiiig no . leas' a personqgo than M. Augusto do Mauprat, Consul- at Port Royal,' nnid hia mother Berth Piorpoint, a Oroolq of good family in Jamaica, Wost Indioif, . He was sontonoed to sevon years' punal sorvitudo for killing a British offioor in sotno gambling brawl, and has, so for, managed to elude rocapturo. It is alsu boliovod that another of; tho orcw was formerly Mnuprat's man orvalot, and who, ujtdcr tho nam dc plume of tho For- rot ' was known to tho continontal polioo as.tho most brilliant card-sharper of tho day," . -Description of tho oscapoca ;4f Mauprat— ago about 27,. tall and gon- tlomanly ; carriage, military ; com plexion, vory dark, but cloar ; head, long; hair, bhiok and curly ; forehead, high ; blaok'pioroing oyos, woll cut noso and mouth; fraino, strongly built; hands and font small. Mauprnt lias a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should onnily lead to tho dotoolion of this dan- gorous criminal." "Does this picture remind you of any ono you aro acquainted with, my dunr Fornbrook nsks tho Colonol. taking his glass from his oyo: - v " Whv nlimit.l it- n.,1 1 J - T)...! 9" 14 Obhgo mo by looking 111 yonder mir ror whilo 1 road thio do>cription of tlio oscaped convict, Victor Mauprat," says tho Colonol, blandly,' " Palmw 1 -My , doar sir," criod tho young man with a shurp lough, 44 your josting is ill-tuned. Amuao yoursolf at my oxponso if it oo pleases you, but pray solect a mpro fitting model for my liko nuos."; . Tho Oolonol fixod liis glass and lookod at lum with a oold stare of surprise, whioh had in. it a subtle touch of . satanio humour, wluoh might havo robbed on ordinary individual of his solf-posses- qton.-rSfb be Oonthmd, F & 4 