T EC El BUD G-ET ST -A- T IE 3VL IEJ 3ST T. 33 "5T IXII01ST . Tiii-u Im-li' hush ! husli! It is the Budget man, I It's lieon and popped the taxes on, so pay them if you can : He's taxed your bat lis. and taxed your hats, and ?axed your wickenvaie, Your spouting, furniture, and l oots three pounds a dozen pair: He's taxed your carpets and your hil'S your harness and your slops. Your leather, spouting, shooting: pruns, potatoes, and your mops, Beer, blankets, and machinery, your glass, and billy can ; Once more the screw is (riven a turn to please the wuckin' man. Then hush ! hush ! hush &c.; THE TREASURER was wound up, "trained to the minute," as the sporting writers phrase it,of 4.30 on the afternoon of Thursday, July 28, with his Budget speech, when the hon. member for Dundas joined the great majority of the " ayes," and Sir Graham was thrown out three hours by the adjournment of the House. A delay such as that is apt to make even a veteran orator nervous, more especially when the part he has to play is heavy tragedy, and the audience unsym pathetic and critical, with many men amongst it who are certain they could do so much better in the role, feeling sure they MR. SAMUEL SAMUEL, THK LATE MEMBER FOB DCNDAS. could bring down the House easily if they had bnt the show. However, the Treasurer bided his time in the Ministerial room, just ranning his eye once more over hie part, especially the figures, and taking a very light dinner with the Premier, which was washed down with filtered water. At. half-past 7 every member was in his place and ready. For half an honr prior to the time of the House sitting the large notice board " Galleries full" had been exhibited in the Queen's Hall, and still the applicants for admission poured in, trying many and various devices to gain a coveted seat within the Chamber. But all their efforts were in ?ain, and the large crowd*at length broke op into knots about the hall, and discussed finance under their breath, those nearest the .galleries' door gathering scraps of informa tion from the officials or those who passed out. The appetiser, the olive on the tiny square of caviare toast, before thence de resistance of the Budget, was the presentation of peti tions by members against the beer duty, Mr. Best winding op with a nrayer from one Samuel Fischer, of Fitzroy, "professor of Baunscheidtism," complaining of the present defective state of the law, which shut him out from the recognition afforded to other medical practitioners. After Mr. Best had explained to the best of h)B ability to a cluster of hon. tnembers the aim, scope, and effect of ^Baunscheidtism (which seemed to impress Mr. Murray very deeply), the House resolved itself into committee of the whole,, an opera tion performed by the . sergeant-iit-arms concealing the mace under'the table, the Speaker coining down from bis throne and sitting on one of the benches just like a com mon or garden member, And Mr. ^(ason, the Chairman of Committees, taking his seat at the table between JMf. Robinson and Mr. '.p^^ tbe clerk faiid.Assistant clerk of the j(k>n£/ih<» whole of the mem the Opposition side to surer, * lit Maw: teble fooing them, Mr. S^»linA^Mm0ntiie®|*B«ry benches. <ind slpiham leads ! oil' with a glance at Mr. Mason, who. with on nose, is twirling his " Old (itninl " moustaches, and calling up his most imposing Chairman of Committees look. At this juncture the House presents a | curious sight. Each member has been pre { sented with a lludget statement, which is j printed on half a score of larco sheets of white } paper, and these are beinsr turned over and . read simultaneously. The only thing one | can liken it to is the breaking of so many I ME. MASON, CHA1BMAN OK COMMITTEES. j clothes-lines at once, and the scattering of the ! family washing on the asphalt hack-yard. | The galleries are packed, and members of the Upper House occupy the front rows. Sir | James MacBain is present, and Mr. Melville, j Mr. Wynne, Sir Benjamin Benjamin, Mr. Donald Wallace, Mr. Thornley, Mr. Grim wade, Colonel Sargood, Mr. George Jenkins, Clerk of Parliaments, &c.; The Council members , coming late find no rest for the soles of their : feet, and overflow into the reporters' gallery, : Mr. George Davis (Minister of Defence), Mr. ' THE TBEASUBEB MAKING TOE BUDGET STATEMENT. John Wallace,and Mr. Fitzgerald beingcontent to share perches with the recording angels. There is no doubt Sir Graham is nervous, his harried manner and breaking voice indicate so much. But as he gets fairly under weigh his nervousness vanishes, and he trips along with his speech as if he knew it by heart. Mr. Shiels, confident and radiant, Bits at his side, as he did by Mr. Munro's on a similar occasion, ready as an under-study, in case the principal should break down or require rest. The young man fills the tumbler for the old warrior, supplies him now and again with a needed word, fishes out totals that have gone astray, and, gene rally, picks him up between the bouts. At the back Ministers sit silent-[Disraeli's MB. 8PEAKBB STUDIES THE BPUOET. "extinct volcanoes" come to mind]-with arms folded, patient listeners to the effort of' their Nestor. For an hour at least Sir Graham details [ our extravagances, our gamblings. and our j indebtedness, and the House groans in ; spirit, and. metaphorically, puts sackcloth i anil ashes on ita head, saying the while, j "We have done those things we ought not to have done, and we have left undone those "O! SLEEP, IT IS A GENTLE THING, BELOVED FBOU POLK TO POLE, TO MAKV QUEEN' THE PRAISE BE GIVEN, 8HE SENT T1TE BLESSED SLEEP FBOU HEAVEN THAT SLID INTO OCR SOUL." things we ought to have done, and there is no health in us." And as the Budget leaves rustle in their turning over, it aeems so very like church that one almost expects to hear the organ accompany the bitter re sponse, "Have mercy upon us, miserable sinners, and incline our hearts to keep Thy laws in the future!" Sir Graham Berry next proceeds to sketch in a light way, without too much shadow, the growth of expenditure since 185G, and then, with a strong brush full of local colour, the details of retrenchment are blotted in. The atmosphere of the House by this time haa become very warm, and it may have been this fact, coupled with the rather monotonous delivery of the Treasurer, that had such a soporific effect on at least four occupants of the galleries, one of whom not only slept but snored, while two other delinquents, who eat HAVE iXBOIDKD NOT TO ASK THE COMMITTEE TO GBAHT AN IHOOHB TAX." side by side, kept time in alternate noddiags. When, one's head was up the other was down, and vice versa. The fourth sleeper leant quietly against a pilaster, and had it put witnout making a sound. Altera few more of the Treasurer's bitter pills came the bonne louche ot the evening, and by the Sir Graham's style and manner members were at oner k'<l to expect something unusual. Holding bis Budget-sheets after the manner of the concert-singer just before lie bursts into song, lie announces with emphasis, and with the air of a man letting you down lightly, that it had been decided not to ask the committee, to grant an income-tax! The three rows of white Budget-sheets facing the Treasurer quiver and rustle for a moment, and then the holders thereof break into hearty cheers, clearly set free from burdened souls, which say as plainly as cheers can indicate, "Thank Heaven for that much." The gal leries are also agitated, and two of the j sleepers wake up and go home. The Speaker, j too, is much moved, anil crossing over to ANNOUNCING ANOTHER TURN OF TUB PROTEC TION SCREW. where Mr. L. L. Smith is still busy cheerinc, sits on that member's hat, but as it is only a wideawake it comes to no harm. Members sit as still as mice and listen to the stamp duties, to the twopenny postage, and to the peculiar absentee-tax. These announce ments chill the House to the marrow. The return to the twopenny postage especially, seems so like a plunge back into the dark ages that itscarestlte House and turns honour able members into stone. But if bad begins worse remains behind. The "settled policy protection screw" is turned again THB PBBHtBB BEADS THK LIST OF NEW DUTIES. until the indicator points to 60 per cent. Taking off his pince-nez, the Treasurer looks at his audience with the expression like that attributed to the ghost of Hamlet's father, " more in sorrow'than in anger," and hand ing theBchedule of duties to Mr. Staiels, says, THE FRBHIEB AND LEADER OF THB OPPOSITION ABUANOB THB BOBIKESS OF HOUBB A0B068 THB TABLK. " Here, yon read them, and give me a rest" The Premier, nothing lotb, is on bis feet In an instant, bat the task is not a congenial one. There are no figures of speech in that , dreary list, nothing bat hard and unpalatable foots. Mr. Trenwith fairly writhes with joy as each ' duty is announced, and his spectacles shoot 11 loams of ligbt towards the seated Treasurer 1 This squeezing of the consumer when money is wanted brings to mind the little incident I of the unscrupulous hawker, win was I offering paper canaries in paper cages ! to passers-by, whistling meanwhile in imitation of the bird. An old |a({y bought one and took it home. Next day she returned ami complained that it would not sing- " Pinch its tail, mum," said the unabashed vendor. She did so, and still no sound. " 'Ardor, mum," and she pinched away with a will. '" 'Arder still, mum," and off came the bird's tail. " Now he won't sing at all mum, never 110 more," said the man with a grin, and away he walked. The consumer'stail is now in the hands of the unabashed one, and the Trades-hall is crying, " 'Arder." The Premier having finished reading his first lesson, the Treasurer rises again, and with a hasty glance at the labour members, an nounces in husky tones, as if he were intro ducing the Chairman of Committees to a most unwelcome guest, the Heer Tax. "Mr. Mason," he says, " there is one other duty, for which provision is to be made, and that is the excise duty on beer." This wokes up a member of the Council, who sits bolt upright and stares into vacancy, as if all his hopes had suddenly gone bung. The temperance members (what there is left of them) are radiant. Those who sip the dtw off lien Nevis are in different. The shadow is on the labour members alone. Down through the Ion? vista of ages the shortened allowance of that " delightful and necessary beverage brewed from pure malt and hops " looms large. The great Collingwood tribune himself, as we all know, was " werry partial" to the popular " long- Bleever" on hot summer days, and for the matter of that, through the long winter months too. The art with which he raised the pewter goblet to his mouth, and the grace with which he removed the irptlity that majestic sweep of his Wt slme serosa" i "AN EXCISE DUTT ON BKER." the encircling rim, can only be forgotten when memory oeaaes. And now these graceful acta in future will of necessity be fewer and tar between, because, to use the burning wordB that ro3e to the lips of labour, " the thrnppence mast make a difference." After this terrible blow, to quote the saying of a great man, " AJi wa9 gas and gaiters." The play was over, and the curtain came down with s run. The galleries quickly emptied, and the House broke up into groups, and in the lobbies and the Queen's-hall dis cussed the Treasurer's performance. The Speaker quickly "peeled " in his own bauaoir, and was eoon amongst them. Many mem bers declared themselves " flabberffaBted,' while others looked as if they had inter viewed the Elsternwick ghost Amongst them all that same inky form of Africa flitted to and fro, symbolical of the "Darkest Budget "and "the way out," As the firstambassador passed into the street the third Btniled at him from a far-off comer, and then ire all went home to bed t* «'eeP' perchance to dream of duties piled MP188 mountains onps , ^ V , * j, nil our ground Stajwlngblf jMkteagfcfiwtUteburnliif W*88* ^ Made Om like a wart" 