FETTERS OP FIEE: A NOVEL OF STIRRING INCIDENT. BY COMPTON &EADE;, iythob or 'Hard LiSeS,' «0n1*r Which 'Ktxa,' Sec. [NOW FlfiST PUBLISHED.] (AIL BIGHTS RESERVED.) CONTENTS. CHAPTER mc% XVI. MATRIMONIAL INCIDENTS. XVII. THE DOWN GKADE. XVIII. ENTER A SCRIBE. ^,,.,^-n XIX. THE CLOUDS BEGIN TO COLLECT. XX. THE ICE BREAKS. XXI. CHARLEY'S HOME. XXII. THE CRISIS. XXIII. THE ROBINSONS. XXIV. A MISSIVE OF MERCY. XXV. VARIOUS COMFORTERS. XXVI. PLAY AND EARNEST. XXVII- FEKKOSHAM. XXVIII. CONSCIENCE. XXIX VOICE AND ITS MEANING. ~XXX. A STORMY INTERVIEW. XXXI LOVE LIES BLEEDING. XXXII. REUNION. XXXIII. THE WIND UP. CHAPTER XVI.— Matrimonial Incidents. Mr. Belper, as may be anticipated, had long since paid the debt of nature. His last months were embittered by thp 'bad behavior of a worthless son-in-law and the piteous complainings of an injured daughter. Kate, however, if to relieve a wounded spirit she persistently harped on oue theme, at all events displayed sincere affection towards the dying man. As soon as her confinement was over she devoted herself to him, smoothed the pillow of pain, and in her own. ebullient fashion would draw contrasts between one 'who did love her and one who did not. ' You are mine, and I'm -yours, pa !' she -would Bnufiie in her Cockney vernacular j and he felt it a broad compliment to be thus placed above her Lothario of a husband. The wily old lawyer rewarded her. 'Kate,' whispered he, when they were all alone and he knew that the lamp of life was flickering and must shortly go out ; ' Kate, I've left you everything ; no true tees for that fellow to cajole. Every sixpence under your own control. I can trust you not to let him handle anything. He shan't be your master, if I can help it. I've promised that the business is to be sold. He's not my partner, but my clerk, and if the fellow likes to serve under the new man, he can. He don't benefit in any ?way by me — that I promise him. I've made the chap your pensioner, my girl, and mind you hold your own, or, mark my words, he'll sell you !' Kate kissed her father's wrinkled visage right jubilantly. It was glorious to think that Charley stood so completely at her mercy. Then and there she registered a resolution to give him everything he needed at home — the best horses to ride, the most luxurious table, raiment to consume King Solomon himself with jealousy, but withal no money, or it would go helter-skelter to Mesdames Lais and Phryne. He was to be her servant — boarded, clothed, indulged within a circumscribed radius, but wholly without wages. :lY' /However, it takes two.tp.xnake a bargain^ and when Mr. Belper was gathered, to hi^ fathers, and the famous business -was.soldyi Charley neatly1 contrived that th- puff* chaser — one Mr. Tarton, from Mancliester-^ should take him_as junior partner, wita' the view of keepingthe connection together... That gave him a small but independent income, and he therefore told Kate plainly that unless she consented to place the entire control of her lurge fortune at his disposal, she Jgight go her ;Jway :aiticl' he would go his, f^f; it was 'his inienti&&Qjjpfi; master in his own house. - . :Jj _=,? j-^jc' She summoned the- aid of relatives^oiis her side, but when for the second' 'ilme afr appeal was launched to the FitzhugK family, it fell flat — indeed the vicar told her frankly, that the role her ingenuity had chalked out for her husband was one do man of spirit could accept. Her rela tives, however, supported the demand she put forward, based as it -was pniihe obvious purport of her late father's -will, and then Charley proved a man of his word. He took chambers in St. James, and told her that whenever she might elect to behave as a wife towards him he could return home ; not before. The Jinks elan were, as might be sup posed, outraged, and in their fury ad dressed themselves to Fitzaltamont Fitz kugh, Lord of the Manor of Kewley, in Cheshire, but failed to take the change out of that gentleman. He replied, in fact, that the alliance with Mr.Belper's daughter 'was not one he should have preferred for a son of his, had it not been that the lady was supposed to possess the attraction of a small fortune. Further, that Mr. Belper's 'will was conceived in a spirit of hostility to hi9 son, and that he for one felt that the poor fellow had been simply trapped into a mesalliance under false representa tiens. As for interfering^ certainly nojfcs Charley might have been a little frivolous^ but this sort of treatment he Regarded1, at eimply intolerable and outrageous.. V^.^* It may be added that the epithets hurled by Mr. Fitzaltamont issued from the very depths of that gentleman's heart. For this reason — there was a heavy mortgages. ojn llewley, and rents having fallen, 4 per cent. interest thereon reduced his available income seriously. - ' ^'^:;-;**\ '-- ?*&?&?*? H£ jiad therefore concocted a i|t^)Le pea sant scheme whereby the eadslfcingiflortgage shouldbe paid off: with Mrs. Kate!« money, and was prepared to pay 3 pe*-!3cent. for the accommodation. Without ;^SS .H*-n's friendly., assistance this financial, operation eould4ot be^rriecL' out, could ioTS indeed *-6 proposed, .so thafcxfcfae shoe pinched -Mm bard,, and he T^egged^marle^.to stand firm. Charley needed ijSa such^patefnal exhor tation. ; The freedom of bachelor's^uarters, all the fun of the fair— alas, al| its riot, suited him admirably. He-- informed the Jinks clan jauntily that he considered him self a fortunate and happy man in being able to associate entirely with gentlemen, in lieu of being muddled up with a- set of People devoid of the faintest preteation to breeding, and very much looked like one ^ho had thrown off a load. In shori, 'whereas they came -whining and bullying, be met their grievances with cool inso lence, and they returned in consequence, objurgating vehemently, but ridiculously disconcerted. Moreover, the plan of taking sides in a quarrel between maa and wife aeror jet paid meddlers. ForfcijMl by h»r Jinkses, Kate held out bravely for a couple of months. Absence, however, makes the heart grow foiider,~ah& Jimo; dire as her wrath may be, is only a woman. The ad vantage was all on his side, who cared 'not a button for her ; the weakness on hers, who loved the man all the more on account of the stimulus of jealousy. Every night as she rocked baby Charley to sleep, the thought of his father tortured her, and besides that, her little world of snobdom began to chatter. At first it came with stilettoes in the shape of delicate inquiries after Mr. - Fitzhugh, -which she had to parry by taradiddles as to business taking him from home. Next, the truth began to leak out, and then she had to face the fierce stabs of condolence. To be sym pathised -with for being a grass vsidow is a refined form of torture, and one a young woman of her stiff temper found, about 'as agreeable as ' the scavenger's daughter.' She felt ere long that she must bang the door in her friends1 faces. Her own misery was hard enough by itself, but was intensi fied a hundred fold in being so thoroughly enjoyed by people she had all along re^ garded as slightly her inferior. The situa-^ tion was rapidly becoming unbearable. It terminated on the ordinary lines of human nature. Lady Jinks, in a vein of mauvaise plaisanterie, had the effrontery to congratulate her on having dispensed with an incubus, whereupon the vane veered round abruptly to the opposite point. She informed her ladyship that ife was exceedingly wrong to persuade a wife to disobey her husband, and accused the entire Jinks clan of rnischief-making. This, bien entendu, set up her ladyship's back, and in the language of Cockaigne that sample of civic aristocracy dubbed' poor Charley a beast. Result — hysterical tears on the part of Kate, and a scene. She wanted someone to blame, not being pre pared to accept the entire onus in her proper person, so she quarrelled hand over head with well-meaning relatives, whose only fault consisted in their vehement partisan ship of her cause. Odd, but nothing more than paradoxical! The Jinks ought to have known that when a wife declares she hates her husband the interlinear sig nificance of that utterance is blind love. Charley took the measure of his eposa far more accurately. -Now arose the problem of reconciliation. She threw out a feeler. He was irrespon sive. She went a little further. He replied coldly that the status quo seemed to suit her, and it certainly met his ideas to per fection. She next proceeded to define her self as the most wretched woman on the planet, and pleaded that they had both made mistakes, but not, as she hoped, irre trievably. He sarcastically congratulated her on a revulsion towards rationality, but begged she would take further time tocon sider her position, as he did not intend to be the victim of changing moods. Then she capitulated in the most abject fashion, offering to assent to any terms provided he would return. So he reappeared with a grand air of injured innocence, assumed the reins of power, played Jupiter, minus the thunder, and made her understand that he was king. Then he quietly eet to work to manipulate lifer finances, according to his own sweet wilt^ never so much as asking her opinion. Thereby, however, he -augmented their income not a little, preferring high interest to absolute security, so that ere long Kate was going about boasting loudly his busi ness capabilities, in blissful ignorance of the fact that each fresh -investment stood in his name instead of in hers. Perhaps it was because he did not care for his father, a man of scrupulous honor, to be come acquainted with this dishonest manoeuvre that he pleaded inability to take over the Rewley mortgage, or perhaps he preferred 10 to 3 per cent. Anyhow he fobbed off his fond parent with a paltry loan of a couple of thousand pounds, and Mr. Fitzaltamont felt much more than he cared to express concerning the serpent's tooth of filial ingratitude. The outcome of this happy reconcilia tion was an annual present of a pledge of affection. Beyond that, somehow the thunderstorm had cleared the air. Charley felt content in having, as he phrased it, tamed his shrew, no less than in the com mand of the said shrew's dividends; so he avoided all external cause of offence, never absented himself from home without a colorable pretext, and took care to draw a thick veil over the darker side of a double life. The man could hardly have attained a higher degree in the art of devilry, but he had ceased to be reckless, and, indeed, was at some pains to throw dust in his wife's eyes. She, in turn, got to half trust him, the more so because he never afforded her the slightest pretext for jealousy. Hence the pair jogged along somehow, and the little world wherein they moved began to opirie4ha*i*hingB, if they might have been better in the past, might be worse in the preseirk==*wnicn -was perhaps not very far fronal&e; truth. J' It was just after the birth of the third baby th^tT a little rift started in this not very tuneful ijite. Among? ftth^rv; investments hazarded by Charley was ^ne strongly recommended by al^tocT£-b,roking friend, to Whom he had been ^otiginally introduced by Miss Tiddy Tarbottlei, - The said jSrlend may, or may ;fi6t,iave been /personally interested in the p~|pmo^pn; o;f the Sequentia Gold, Silver \ an«L ^gp^.er.. J^ning Sylidiottte. Anyhow, he coaxed dharleyi11 to risking a matter of £BX)0O4fi: this Dtent^re, which presented a v'lif-^rich rang^1*^ metallurgical possi bility^Qjffc -yitidam^ination. Now, if; the truthz/bW told* -this rJiarge Sum represented quite :$wo-tbiids': of the capital subscribed, conseqiSeJiHy^* the' promoters trusted for the^OT9n|36;.tU^ chance of thfc shares obtaining some sort of value When -a divi dend had been declared. They had secured a pliable bbaxd of directors, and after the first 12impnths had no difficulty' in per suading those gentlemen to declare a 10 per cent, dividend. The money* however* was paid, not out of the profits gained by raising gold, silver, or evefa. copti&r;, but by the nominal veidors-^-thanks to a little clever financial manipulation, whereby this arrangement remained a secret. Then, as a matter of .fact, the shares did find a market— or rather some of them-— and had Charley been wide- awake, he would have realised his, even at a loss. He let the chalice slip. The ntet yea* there was no dividend whatsoever, and the next saw this ptaoioui ooaetra in U£uicUtf4o&i; * Now, the Jinks dan had not forgivjen Charley for his cool broadside, and when it transpired that he stood in the unenvi able position of principal contributor to the funds _of a wretched bubble, they, in plain English, -wanted to know. Lady Jinks had made it up with Eate some time back, and she took the earliest opportunity'of inform ing her niece's mind as to -what had hap pened, inquiring slyly whether the £5000 came from her own, or from her husband's private puroe? ; . ... Kate was horrified, and for once showed her teeth. - 'Pa told me on his death-bed,' she whispered, ' to hold fast my own money under my own control, and I promised him solemnly I would do so, and I did mean to keep my. word to him, only you com pelled ine to break it.' Charley looked foolish. ' The affair was a swindle,' he replied, ' and the people deserve to' be prosecuted.' ?* Yes,*' cried Kate, ' but that's no good. Perhaps the rest of the money is also in the hands of thieves. I don't know. I ought at least to have been consulted.' ' You signed the transfer of Consols,' muttered he. ' Perhaps. ^ And I wish I hadn't. Lady Jinks asked, too, why the shares were not bought in my name ? The money was mine.' ?? Lady Jinks is a mischief -making wo man, and I won't stand her interference. It's bad enough to have lost so much.' ' But what about the rest ?' ' Oh, tbat's all safe enough,'' ' How am I to know ?' ' You'd better leave that to me. Surely I'm as much interested as you are ? Why do you suspect ?' She made no reply. Perhaps it was his judgment rather than his honesty that she doubted, yet the effect on her mind wass unfortunate. When he came back, a wel come and a cordial one had greeted the truant. With the wild confidence of a silly heart, she surrendered everything to him, and now began to learn that it had been misplaced. Moreover, omne ignotum pro magnifico. She did not know what financial ghosts might not be in the back ground. The very fact of his dogged reti cence 'wore an ugly look, and thev might be tottering on the verge of ruin for all she could surmise. Things were not come to that pass by any means, the bulk of her fortune having been invested in superior securities, but there were other speculative investments besides the Sequentia Mines, and these her husband did not care to dis close. A little candor perhaps 'would have saved considerable friction in the proxi mate future. (to be continued.) 