poles. Jj5Y JUYBNIsj. " WoOMEB^' tells tiie followingfstorym the Australasian:—" Betsy Jame, the maid-of-all work in a suburban hou6e,has a humble lover in the young bootmaker who has set op in business near fey. It was a proud day for tJWitti when Betsy Jane so far encouraged hie "suit as to allow him to. mend her shoes for , nothing. ' He was somewhat astonished after i this at the remarkable number of hoots which| Betey Jane woreand the variety of^the sizes, 1 but he was patient, and mended all without a i murmur. But whenoneof thechildrendropped i ' apair of men's boots vezy much worn on the • counter, and said " 3Tor€Betsy Jane," he re belled. He £eared that his love was taking ad vantage of him and making him mend her policeman's boots, and hesought an explana tion. Then he fonnd that Betsy Jane was innocent, but that the mistress of the house, fim?ing that her maid got her mending done for nothing, had used her name very freely when sending round the family shoes. Betsy , Jane wasvery indignant at the trick And very ; much touched by the devotion of her lover, , so she has given notice, and her next place is« to be a permanent one.; ** wages no considera tion, and no objection to children." # * # * * Some people seem to have peculiar ideas as to the use of paper money, imagining, perhaps, that it is. never to be redeemed. It appears 700 fettlers have been dispensed with from the New South Wales Railway lines because there was ho workfor them, and the Railway Employees Association now ask that they be again taken on, and if there is no money to pay their wages, that the men should be paid in State money — greenbacks. If the Govern ment followed that policy it would be in the saine .position as a mining company which was not getting sufficient gold to keep going, auid receiving no calls, but which still kept on itAminers and paid them in cheques. That would do very well if the storekeepers and banks would accept the cheques and pay them for ever; but supposing they would not? Australian credit is pretty low in England, but if " squeezable" Ministries begin to employ men for whom they have no remunera tive work, and pay them in State paper money, * we aha.]] soon sink to the level of the Argen tine Republic. The Government, like any private individual or corporation, should employ men when there is legitimate work for them to do, and pay them for work done in current coin, not in promises to pay, which in a month or two would not be worth 50 per cent of their face value. # # -* * * The" English have been called a nation of shopkeepers, and\ perhaps justly, but they seem to be quite out-done by their American cousins, in an inborn tendency to turn any thing and everything into a means of scooping in the almighty dollar. It has been said that if two Americans were confined to a desert i«1«.Twl3 they would surely start to trade in the sand of the sea- shore, failing any other means for barter. As an outcome of this •na^aotial characteristic might be mentioned : The Consolidated Black Cat Company, which ° has been started in Washington State for the propagation of black Gats on IPuget Sound. The marketable portion of the stock is of course its sable skin, and pussy is to be confined to an island Bo as to preserve the purity of the breed, his staple food being fish, which is plentifuL He projectors assert that there is a veritable gold mine in the under taking, and certainly the originality of the idea is worth something. Let us hope that pussy will duly appreciate the provision made fori ' his comfort in bis island home, and carefully avoid the. accusation being laid at his door ofJ turning tlje concern into a wild-cat company. ■ . # * * * * * Some judges seem to think themselves rather harshly used, when to the difficulty of unravelling a case is added the fact of some of the witnesses being aboriginals or Chinese, \- ' ~whose evidence,. not .perhaps the most trust worthy' to start ' with, has to filter through an interpreter. What would one of these ' gentlemen say to a.case wfaich wa^ tried before aP-M- the other day in the Northern Territory, t - ■ it mpn . sought to convict an aboriginal grog-Beller on theevidehce ©f a deaf and dumb bla&k-fellow;? This wouldseem almost ^wnngb inotself, but when we find that the interpreter sworn in on the occasion to read the signs ,and antics of the black fellow, was a rhinamait, the picture is about complete. Mr. Knight, before whom this wonderful performance took place, mud; be a man of more than ordinary patience to have seen the ,• farce to a conclusion, and I donotthink many will be found to cavil at his act in dismissing the case, with a hint to the police that they might look round for testimony" that wm : somewhat more reliable. ^ Tffis Hon W. O. Hodgkiiffionis such a capital storyteller that when a jokecomes from. h» in which some other party hH» toi * hwmij one is inclined to wonder how wnrii mittt be credited' to therac©«i«M»\ IBs latest comes oat in the reportof fin mterest ing interview appearing in the CairnB Post. Iteeems thatthe Minister w»b touring tnthC Herbert River ^district, and had a long con versation with some of the Italians on- the . plantations there. Mr. HodgkinBon spoke ' French to a Frenchman who could speak j Italian, and whoacted as interpreter. The new-comers complained bitterly 6jE their Tot, j imfl as lie was Leaving the Minister poetically j remarked " ^te Ay is now sombre, but it ] will soon clear." "Ah,"said the Italian ad dressed, " i shall clear before Chat.' . ■ * * - ' . ■ Mb W T. Strah made a great hit with his ghostly Christmas number ofthe Revie w of I Reviews, and is now sending round circulars for particulars as to more uncanny visitations which must be well authenticated, and Y^hieh j he will issue In a book' entitled " Further Ghost Stocks" Were he collecting facte ^ about mean men I could furnish him with a ! story of a man who called at the" Nobihbbk , Meter office to pay his quarter's subscription. ■ He tendered 6s 3d, and the newspaper man murmured " 3d short." " That is right, re- j marked the mpan man, "the delivery boy j missed me one mojning, and you did not | issue for two days at Christmas; good morn- ■ ing" *##«=! The Telephone is quite a new toy to the lads in various offices, and when the bell rings they are as anxious to attend at the instru ment as they will be reluctant a month hence. One youth in am office m the Arcade had waited patiently for an hour for the install ment to ring, but no one seemed to want to fallr to him. Anxious to try hi* prentice hand he " rang up" the Exchange. " Well* came from the head centre, " Who 4° you want," " Want ?" oh, ah (with sudden acces sion of dignity), " put me on the Stock Ex change, please. " It is only next door to yon, can t you step round," said a stern voice. The bell sharply tinkled farewell and theexperi ifiAwfer resumed his seat and Believed his feel ings by sending out all the call notices in the office, strongly underlining in red ink the word " arrears/' # # * « < In Creraldton breezy compliments are passing between the editors of rival journals. Quite recently a Divisional Board election was on the tapis there, and the editor of the oldest established paper was accused by his younger rival of having favored the candidature of a celestial named Sam Hand Against that of Mir C. E. Forster, manager of Goondi plantation. The senior scribbler of the Johnstone River sugaropolis, expresses the utmost scorn and contempt of his fiery but -youthful rival, but all the same devotes three columns in reply to " young christian friend!" \- * . * - • , * A TT,mynre- to his rival's publication .he gaye ;—" The new production approached us all in a gentle, meek and mild, good little boy sort of fashion, breathing soft nothings, and whispering advice to the effect that we ^ should all be good friends, avoid whisky, and smnkft nothing stronger than Firefly Cigarettes. This was about the style of it, The tone of the paper vwas so elegantly eatery **»»»*•■ our office " devil " filled the ^ pannikin with, moisture wrung from its coloumns. . . - " And Ananias—fully crowned—is installed and recognised as the leading spirit of the one column in the paper allotted to original matter." Referring to the European candidate far Divisional Board honors the senior scribbler says: "The fact simply remains that the name of the Goondi big-bug has been coupled with an inferior insect in the shape of a CShinaman, Mid this sets our pious Mends down the street fairly shrieking." That entomological metahpor is superb and there is no doubt the junior scribbler is a bit handicapped in attacking so doughty an~antagonist. # # * * Ifa. Sausoess, the President of the A.L.F., I seems to be on pretty intimate terms with the fioyal family of England, to judge from his j utterances at the Queenbon public meeting the other night. It must be very interesting to many of us, who have not had the same advantages as Mr. Saunders, to hear his views ofthe Queen and the Prince of Wales, and ' the only pity is that he did not give us a few further particulars of other members of the j Hoyal Family- It is v?ry satisfactory at all event® to Know that Mr. Saunder* ha® nothing to say personally against <Jie Prince I of Wales, aaad Albert Edward should be [advised of the feet at once. He would I doubtle^ appreciate the compliment. The ll^ueen too, received a word of fpise, in 1 passing, and if die could only know that Mr. launders considereher " agood motherlyold woman,35 we can readily imagine the pleasure ifop would feel at this recognition ofthe good ' '■ J-~ in her character. The pluckywomen who undaunted by fever, floods and hostile blacks, stick to their husbands on thefrontiers of civilization have often proved their capability *to endure fatigue and danger. The following extract from the Gheraldton Chronicale serves to show what sort of helpmates the women of the Johnstone River axeA plucky Journey accomplished under diffi culties is to be rm>F&ed; of Mr. end Mrs* Joyce, who own a selection beyond Goondi • Mr. Joyceis at present ehgaged at the Towalla diggings, and Mrs. Jd^ce essayed the task of walking to there for the purpose of seeing her husband. She left herresidenee last i Monday week at eight o'clock in themoming, reaching Towalla Pocket at half-past fivein | evening. Both Mr. and lbs. Joyce then ! 1eft Towalla on Friday morning tor home, 'and on arriving at the Russell Rives, they found it to be a banker and had to stop there | that night. On Saturday they ventured to swim tJie river, which was winning terribly strong at the time, but they succeeded. On reaching the Lower Crossing of the Russell at twelve o'clock on Saturday they again had to swimthe river above the rapids, reaching their home at five o'clock in the afternoon On their way down, they noticed that Canal Creek had been a banker, and several others were running very strong- It is not often such a task as walking such a journey and swimming two rivers in flood is accomplished by a woman, and Mrs. Joyce deserves great credit for her pluck.'9 She is evidently more at home in the water than Lord Dllin's daughter. ***** lira large seaport town, not a hundred miles from Charters Towers {it is always well to carefully conceal the locality of some stories) little Gt&rge;* Fitzsims wa« being shown over a new cordial manufactory by the mana-. ger, a few days alter the municipal elections. Now George had been returned for his ward at .the head of the poll, a good deal perhaps on the strength of his oratory, for George was a fluent speaker, With perhaps too great a preference for the use of words about as long as himself. - Amang the various mysteries of the works were two gas-bags, one very large, and the other small. After hearing an explanation from the man in charge—a new arrival in the place — of the why and the wherefore of every portion of the works, the newly-elected alderman asked the qame and nature of the larger bag. " Oh," said the ,man, " that we call Mr. , for he is the biggest man in the Council, and has always a lot to say for him "self."' " And the other," innocently asked the enquiring one. " That I am going to call George Fitzsims," answered the man at once, " for they say that for his size there is not a man in Queensland has as much gas always on tap." The perpetrator of the joke could not understand why his name for the little gas bag was received with such a roar of laughter, until shortly afterwards, when he attended a meeting of the Council, and found that his christening of the little bag was even more appropriate than he had thought possible. A OOM3SBTTE meeting was being held of one of the leading racing clubs in Q ueensland, and one member expressed the belief that hack races should be abolished ; they " open the door to ail sorts of roguery.'' " Yes," he continued " men pick up a /racehorse, keep him for several months, bring him to the course, back him on the totalisator to win £500. then" -—"exactly" remarked a; quiet member of the committe, " and then get done by a head'." The opponent of hack racing was silenced for the moment, but not to be beaten ^joined: "But see what troubles hack races. give rise to." " Why," replied, a colleagui^ " we have had no trouble for years, except once, and then we settled it amicably, we disqualified the man for twelve months." The opponent of hackracing seeing that the feeling was against him, testily re marked " Well, well, have it your own way, but I object to frivolous interruptions which tummy opinions into ridicule." ^ • # * Politics are a bit mixed in Victoria just now. I elegrams tell us that Sir Graham ! Berry is " holding aloof," and Mr. DeaMn ' " is about to resume his practice at the bar." May he remain there; his present cowardly retreat is made because he does net know which way the cat will jump. He is a beau tiful talker; if you tell him Victoria is not too prosperous he will reply " her future is more beautiful than the morning; her path will be upward with the ascending sun, full of light and promise, having an influence for good on countless millions." That is what he says; but, what he does is " scuttle" out of jwUticswhen $iey begin to get ps|cy* Surely abigot on either side is preferable to this white livered opportunist whose chief merits are the parting of his hair in the middle and making^pretty sp^ches. ^ A nothbr event in the romantic history of the Last Call will have to be recorded. The Cloftcurty offices have been destroyed by fire. Inoffensive, inanimate,but doubting interest ingpapers have been wreckedby thedevour ing elements, while the people who worked tibe swindle ha.ve escaped incineration-^for a \- rimf. 