"HOW SHtALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" " SN1ow, cwhich is the worse-to hare no appetite for'your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite "and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Bbit most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the comhmon sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication, in which the writer says, "I was afraid, to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their'flavour ; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive, and my appetite poor,. with pains (through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eating anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and'act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. Heo adds'that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says; " the thought of eat ing, and mansy a scanty meal'have I made, for I was afraid to eat. . / " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." ' What he means by the fear of " something going to'happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such' as the loss 6f his posi tion, his own' death: or the death of somebody dear to him.. :This was due,! as he iritimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (tho lifo bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lick of nourishirientl:' The night of this form of illness is always 'full of ghosts. and goblins, ,thlo creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination.:, i ' ". With greatdifficulty,". he says, " Istuck to my work, for I had a· wife and fhmily depending o'n me. So 'I struggled on, but what I sufferdd for over two years is past my powers of description. * I am , sure no one has suffered so much as.I hav/e.done.' . In the latter stateimenit hoe is undoubtedly wrong.' .One's own pain is oni's own, and is always harder'to bear thasi'is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. .There is. a countless multitude ; whi; aro all, the. while going through the.. same writched experience, ouly we don't halippen tobmo in touch with : Well, tho writer finally mentions that after, all medical .treatment . had left him .where it, fouid, him. he chanced to read in a book of.'a'casedn xactly like his own hlving'ibcin ciired by' Mothor Seigel's Syrun. "My wife," h.le says, "bgot me a bottle at Mrs. Langstaff's, .in. Woodlesford, and after using its 'contents the ailment left me .and lhas never 'returned since "that foitunate day. I' should' like the whole world to know what it did for mn. I have been oemployed by the Midland Railway Company for 11 years.. (Signed) ' " GsEOacr HUNT, S"Car Bottom-road, ;, "Apoiloey Bridge, near Leeds." ;We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire,: in order that part of, tho, world at least may .know how thankful he is and for what roasoll. "London music-halls are insured at an avor age rate of 21s.to 25s per cent. 