WIT AND) UMOUR. A " hearttes," dfre'tlon i? a bar of imitation Magic Soap which ruins your clothes, but A "heart" "" ss" deception is rtmnped on every bar of Oenuin Jflagic, which .ctuaily improves the linen, besidce doing your washing in 20 minutes without rubbing.--AnvT. A PArsrTAr?Ko MAN-A dentist. BSAnaTlso l( ounrB.-Ghosts. A Ironue may pull with all his might, but never with his mane. AnecreT F?arAr.E: " How much would you take me for " 'Cute Photographer : "About four.aud-twenty, mum." He got the job. A roar aeka: "What is warmer than A woman's love?" VWe infer that he never picked up a newly-colned horseshoe fresh from the forge. AaoarsrnT?x " If I.let you off this time will you promlse not to come back here again'?" Prlsontr: "Yes, sir. The fact is, Ididn't come voluntarily this time." HE (very tenderly): "Darling, you are the only girl I ever loved." She (coquettishly): "Oh, pabaw I You can't imagine how much fun you have missed." HlE Nuamao IT.-" I look like a tramp, ma'am," he said, " but I ain't. I'm a sailor, ma'm. I was wrecked and washed ashore." "You ain't been washed since, I'll wager,'" said the unsympathetic woman. "You say I was born in Londont pa. Where was mother born I" "In Dublin." "And where were you born, pa?"" "In Oloucester." " It's very strange, pa, isn't it, that we three should have met e" HE: " Mildred, will you be my wife:" She : " Well, not today." lie : "Oh, Mildred, how can you speak s, flippantly?" She: " Fl .alFlyF Ilow do you suppose I could possibly be your wife to-dayY? I should want aleast two weeks to geot ready in." A YOu:io dandy, from the town, o-co made the acquaintencoof a pretty and lovely milk. maid, and bcing greatly enamoured with her charms, he went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeing her. Not knowing the fair creature's name-for, like all flirts, she had given him some half- dozen different ones-he naked the sour-looking man who was stacking manuro in the yard, " low's themlilk maid?" The man did not think he was referring to Mary the milkmaid, but only meant fooling him, so he replied, "My young buck, us don t make our milk-us gets it from the cows." A FEBMIINE PAIDnox.-Mudge: "What a paradox woman is ?" Wickwire: "You don't-say " Mudge: "Consider her foot, for instance. The larger i in. the less it appea." Foe A Pvtroee.--Mr. Feeder: "This.vest wants to be a little larger around the waistl Schneider," Schneider: "But it fits you per. tectly now, sir." Mr. Feeder: "I knowit fits alt right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners I" SMALL PnosPaere IN LIFa -" What did Miss Shortaleeve say when you asked her for. herhand?" "She asked me how I made a living." "And you. said "-1"With my brains." "And what did she say ?" hadn't capital enough." - HI WansNT r Oa C OF T?? OULD BLoc. Mr. Flanagan: "01 don't know phwat Oiwull dlo wid me bye Micky. Faith, ho's a bad young spalpean." Mr. O'Rourke: "Phwat. hez he been afther dolen'" Mr. Flanagan : "Sure he kim home last noight rollin' a beer keg that he'd sthole from the saloon at the Dootchmsn beVant.'" Mfr. O'Rourke: "Sure, he's a sliver bye, is Micky." Mr. Flanagan: "bhat's phwat Oi thought, au' Oi wan unt afther teilin' him he wuz a chip av the ould block, when OI dis clvered the keg wuz empty." Mr. O'Rourke : " OI hope ye tached him a lesson for thavin' Y" Mr. Flanagan : " Begobs, O think he's a bowlin' yet from the bastin I give him." Anor?rn Viaw or IT.-Hunker: "I wishI had courage enough to propose to Sue and end my mlrisery." Sptte: "That miglht not end It." hIunker: " Iow's thatP" Spattas "She might accept you." nniDAL FAnCnES. Married in white, you have chosen all right: Married in gray, you will go far away'b; c Married in lblack, you will wish yourself back; Married in red, you will wish yourself dead; Married in green, nshmed to be seen ; Married In ilue, he will always be true; Married in pearl, you will live in a whirl; Married in yellow, ashamed of your fellow: Married in brown, you will live out of town i Married in pink, your spirit will sink. IBelioda's tresses bright".3: Are rich boyond compare ; The beams that fll from heai'n to light Ieor looks are not more fair. But, ab, by one sad doubt I'm tortured evermore Are those bright tresses all her own, Or purchased at the store ? IDerinda's smile is sweet; The gems hier lips display When In that smile toey.vart and meet No art can e'er portray, But, oh, I long to know I'm on despair's dark border. Those pearly teeth-oh, did they grow, O: were they made to order? A ease IN P'OINT. Husband: "Now, here's a thing, Nellfei tishat I wish to ask your opinion about. I. am reading some items of philosophy here and one of these items states that there s a fool in every family. 'What do you think of that?" .hife: "Well, you lost twenty dollars at poker the other night, as you confessed to me " " Ii.: " Yes, my dear." W.: And you buy what Is called pools some times, in the expectation of making a grea strike." t.: " WVell, that's a fact. But what hasut that to do with there 'being a fool in every family ? " W.: "I am coming to it. Now, you have left your family-the family composed of your brothers and salters- you left your family when you married me., if.: "That's correct." W.: " Well, there's no foOl in your family now." Then the husband fell into deep meditatioa while the wife watched him out of the corneo! her eye.-A-.meirua. - WoIANi'Bs CIIANOZINO FASHIONS. When hoops were worn by woman fair, A nuisance they were found; One ran againLst them everywhere, The hoops were always round. Whan hoops went out, by some cracked braaI The bhustle was designed, And woman's fashions, it was plain, Were getting quite bihind. The hlustleo also saw its day, T'hough toit thley adhered For years, and when it passedl away The cliglngn dress appeared. o And as it sauilted old and young, 'Twas worn without deinur: To fashionlwoman long had olung,..'s '!' " Now fashion celug to her. In time the train becarme the style, ;, • And every woman' wore it.- -;- -, r ?· In fact, the faslhoU'nfor a while i Swept everythling beoro it . ' ' And thus the years new foshions bring: 'VlWhich flouridh anid decay; ., Theo corset is the only thing That ever came to stay. 