Agricultural Depression and Laziness. The eternal and inexorable law that the only price of good things is labor, has its ap plication to the subject of agricultural depres. siou, says Professor Jordan, of Leland Stan ford, juo., University, in an article in a recent number cf tbe forum. Though the enemy has sown tares in the lax laws while the farmer haB slept, this alone cannot cauBe agricultural deiueesion, nor can inordinate pensions, wasteful subsidies, and the tyranny of capital combined, if the farmer himself were not, in some degree, at fault. At any rate, the remedy is iu bis own hands, and, while striking a blow at the cause of injury he should look at himself, to s:e what part of tbe blame is due to his own weakness and lack of foresight. The "relentless hell" of poverly which, Henry George says, yawns beiieath civil society, is due to the presence of a horde of men who would gaia something for nothing - the natural penalty for laziness is one of important elements in oar so-called agricul. tural depressiou. A notion having been spread among country people that dwellers in town do not have to work hard for a living has caused the farmer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy charge_ " While crossing Indiana, on a bright, grow ing day in April," 6ays President Jordan) " 1 counted forty men and boys around the railway station at Cloverdale, where a crate of live chickens was the sole contribution to to the train's load. These were farm boys, who ought to have beeu at work in the fields, and village boys who might have been doing something somewhere. These idlers on the station steps were embodied ghosts, dead to all life and hope, with only force enough to stand around and gape. At my destination I saw sixty men and boys, who had no need of cares of any kind, because they were already dead, standing on a street corner, listening to the noisy vendor of a rheumatism cure. Most of these were farmers, whose neglected farms lay bathed in the suashine, the earth ready to rejoice only at the touch of a hoe. Back on the old farm, in New York, where I was bom, the spot which my father won from the forest, and ou which he lived in freedom and indepedence, knowing no master, dreading no tyrant, be had poorer tools than are now used, poorer buildings, inferior facilities for transportation, lower prices, and uncertain markets ; still he knew nothing of agricultural depression, "When crops were small, and prices low, he simply worked the harder. I find on that farm to day, tenants who barely make a living. I find unpruned fruit trees, wasted forest trees, broken waggons — evidence of wasted time and unthrifty labor." An old woman in Tennessee expressed a great economic truth in these words : " Poor folks has poor ways." If a man spend a day in the harvest lime in efforts to send a fool to the Legislative, or a knave to Congress, should he complain if the laws the fools, and knaves make add to his own taxes ; Who but he is to blame if the laws ostensibly made in his interest simply shift the burden from one of his shoulders to the other ? If he stands all day in the public square, spellbound by a tramp with an accordion, or, si ill worse, if he lounge about on tbe sawdust floor of a saloon, talking the vile stuff we agree to call " polities," never reading a book, never thinking a thought above the level of the sawdust floor, need he be suprised if his opinions do not meet with respect ? It is not cheaper money the farmer needs, bat dearer men ; men whose time is money, and whoBe labor is worth, the labor of other men ; men who knows how to do tbe best things in the best way, and can thereby do their part in alleviating " industrial depression." A busy man the oldtime farmer was ; and being busy, he found time for everything. He read bound books, he enjoyed the pleasures of travel ; be educated hi6 family ; he kept intelligent watch on all the affairs of the day. He did not find time to stand on the station steps in the middle of the afternoon, to watch a thousand trains go by, ou a thousand cou- sective days. He carried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky, He went to the ountry seat when he had bnsiness there ; he went with clean clothes, and came back with a clean conscience. He had no lime to spend, each seventh day on the court house-square, talking the dregs of scandal and politics. 