fHE/TOURISX. HOT LAKES AND VOLCANOES. THROUGH THE NORTH ISLAN1J OF KEW ZEALAND ON HORSEBACK. ?. Jfrom the pretty little town-of Wanganui. which is built on the banks of its noble river, I> set out on horeebaok to' find that beauty-spot of Nature- that wonderland of the, world known as the Hot Springs. On -a "bright summer's mom about the end of February I pooiited ray charger and rode quietly along . £he winding path of the Wangaoui River tu the settlement of Makirikiri. I have desig nated my horse a charger, but in reality ho was an'" old stager," well used to the strange oaths, .of bushmen, andaa conning as a fox,' without .however, possessing anything like his brilliant -speed.; FiomMalorikuil atruck inlahd, fal lowing' the bed of the- Mungawhero etream, - through scenery of Buoh beauty and solemnity that I, wrapt in admiration, would involun tarily paime and gaze. It was an ever-chang ing end unbroken panorama of the glorious forest of: Maoriland, plentifully interspersed with thick bowers of ferns, which grow in wild and beautiful profusion. From the bubbling stream in the gully, aa it danced merrily over the large boulders, we slowly ascended by a serpentine path to the hilltop, and then as slowly desoeudod the other side. Winding along by shadowy grove or sunlit stream the time passes quickly and pleasantly, and at noon the next day Kanoi, a settlement sixty mUes from Wanganui, is seen.' It ie here that I intended acquiring the services of Mr. Gregor McGregor-as guide for the -remainder of the journey. MoGregor was employed to collect the native census during the trip. He knew the -language of the natives perfectly, .also their little peculiarities, so I relied upon being cheated less than the ordinary tourist. Much to my disappointment McGregor was not here, so I resolved to push on to Tokaanu and overtake him. To accomplish this sixty miles to Tokaanu in one day I had to start at day light, and being of a Bomewhat independent nature I rejected the proffered native guide. The Earioi authorities told me the road could be easily found. Armed with the minutest details of description I felt perfectly assured, and started with a light heart. When once fairly on the ttack things were not nearly so clear and unmistakable as I bad been led to imagine, and the descriptions volunteered by different authorities differed on material points. In the afternoon misgivings became convictions, and I was reluctantly foroed to admit that I had lost myself. I started to return, feoling as intensely disappointed as a prison escapee just being recaptured, but found before getting halfway back I waa hope lessly benighted. Having made a scrub bed on the banks of the Wangaehu River, from whose waters an unpleasant strong odour of Bulphur arose, I tethered my horse and tried to sleep. My intervals of sleep, however, were short and fitful, interrupted by Btrango and vivid dreams of wire mattresses with pro trading ends, and ioebergs floating down;the river. A bleak easterly wind made the night bitterly cold, but before daybreak all was calm and still. As the sun rose over the horizon it shed a pale pink light on the pure white mantle of snow that draped majestic Ruapehu. and endowed the mountain with a look of solemn grandeur truly enchanting. After, gazing some time on this impressive view of the mountain, from whose base I was but two miles distant, I saddled my horse and proceeded on the return journey, amply com pensated for my compulsory sleep out. On ray arrival back at Kaiioi I was agreeably, sur prised to find McGregor there. A bright, bracing morning heralded our departure, ami after that exchange of oivilities which is in dispensable at up-country settlements, our cavalcade advanced on Tokaanu. The road lies on the eastern side of Ruapehu, over the Rangipo Desert, and is for the greater part dreary and uninteresting; but its dreariness is greatly Teheved by the proximity of tbo mountains Ruapehu and Nganruhoe (a peak of Tongariro), of which we haid a perfect and un interrupted view. Through the barren waste of sand and boulder over which we tracked our path for twenty miles flowed numerous cool crystal mountain streams, glistening in the sunlight as they hurried on to Teach the plains. As the sun sank to the westward, and showed in bold relief the shapely form of Ngauruhou, a thick cloud of steam could be seen rolling from the crater. Richly tinged by the deep red hues of the parting sun, this cloud looked looked Idee a dense column -of smoke lit up by volcanic flames. We camped at Moturoa, a native settlement, fifteen miles from Tokaanu, and nearly opposite the extinct crater of Fihanga. According to a Maori tradition of great antiquity Pihanga once played a promi nent part in a love tale, which runs thus: Tongariro and Taranaki (now.called Egmont) were both enamoured of the fair Pihanga. As the dew hushed all to silenoe, and the pale inoon peeped through the mist on to the peace ful scene below, Taranaki stole quietly to the side of his ladylove, and told his simple tale in love's seductive tone. He wooed ana won, but a dread fear lest the powerful and revengeful Tongariro should hear impelled secrecy. Ruapehu, however, overheard of tho be trothal, and straightway informed Tongariro. YVith a mighty roar he blazed with ancer. Choosing the largest boulder in his furnace he fired it with the rapidity of Jove's thunder bolts at the unlucky Taranaki. who was struck and toppled over in the desert. Not content with the indignity Taranaki had already suf fered, Tongariro ordered him off to Bea on the sulphury waters of the Wangaehu. After tossing about on the billowy waves for some weeks a favouring breeze wafted him ashore at his present abode, where he has since been free from the malignity of Tongariro, who afterwards basked in the snnshineof Pilianga'« eyes. How ingeniously does the romantic Maori account for tho absence of Taranaki from the volcanic vein. Tokaaso. The next morning we arrived at Tokaanu. Some miles away we could see the steam rising from the scrub over many acres of ground and from the hillsides. Travelling along tho narrow road which forms the ontrA&co; to to© settlement we were startled by strange eurg ling, bubbling, hissing noises which issued from .mud and steam holes of various size", some Dot a foot from the track. Our horses trembled arid) snorted, but with that sagacity which characterizes the noblest of animals in times of danger they refrained from all kinds of antics and walked through the pass ljko well bred undertakers at important funerals. Some of the mudUolos remind one of porridge cooking in the' kitchen, the same splatter, splutter, splutter going on continuously. We repaired to the Government Whare (house), and settled down, cooking our food « la Maori in the puhiais (springs) quite a novel and useful method of overcoming the absence of the French cook. It seems stAnge, and to persons living at'home almosb incredible, that these natives never light fires to cook their food. After lunching and leaving an hour for digestion we wander towel in band. to be initiated into the mysteries of pub in bathing. Winding along tho path through the scrub, which seems haunted, so strange and weird arc tlsemrltifarious pounds which greet us on all tides, wo suddenly emerge on a dazzling white patcli of silica, in the centreof which is a rouiid pool of water of a delicate blue tiut. ^cUregorsaid this JVM the plaeo to bathe, so I Qrjrpeotriy linger in totry the temperature. JVo, Mao,. I said ; "this may be the place were some tribes cook their potatoes, but it certainly lanotin toy line for ba^rag^ With :itixiou9 eyes X "watcncd Mao quietly diBrpbinpr and evidently bene upon doing something fool hardy. JSow lie sits on the edge of the pool with one toB_ immersed, now one foot in, now one Jegf be gives a gasp and a plunge and is out of eight. Not to be outdone I try the same Blct,.°4 ancl find it successful; that is when applied .with deliberation and care. The exquiBito pleasure of ft dip in the seductive pool, which is now as blue as the sky above, cannot be described. It is a home for the voluptuary and a parodist) for the invalid. Just before it was time for us to quit the bath some Maori damsels made their appearance evi dently to see how we wereenjoyingour first bath. .Bus, of course, was rather embarrassing, but as they evinced no inclination to retire, we, after staging m somewhat longer than was good for us, m the hojie that they might find something more interesting a little distance away, bolted for our clothes in the rushes. Our retreat was not dignified; it was an occasion upon which !gmty T - ? havo been absolutely out of place. This, however, was their first and only visit, ihe afternoon we spent on a tour of in spection, and the sights would surely satisfy the most captious wonder critic. About a hundred yards from where we had bathed is a tierce boiling pahia called Pohinga's Throat. It is about 4 ft. m diameter, of a dark green colour, and boils continuously, but about every fifteen seconds it boils furiously into a seething mass 4 ft. above its ordinary level, then sub sides attain into a vicious boil. With an invo luntary gasp and a few hasty steps backwards l witnessed for the first time this startling eruption of Pohinga's Throat. All around ui are boiling springs, generaly of a green colour and as clear as crystal, some large enough to toe called lakes, while others are only a few feet in diameter. So clear is the water in the .m»!n5 ,lakes that one can easily see objects -iu ft. below the surface, the pools, which are only tepid and warm, being always cloudy. We also visited the petrifying springs in an out of the way corner, and found them filled with cheques, fern leaves, locks of hair, and articles of aJl descriptions. Visitors daily watch the process of petrefaction, and oariy away tMselittlenicltnaoksasmementoesof their J116 s Porridge Pot is only a few yafds away. We all stand round and wonder if his majesty has breakfasted. It is a large TX,f0^eet ,n, d'ameter, and is filled withfiltby thick mud, which makes a gobble splutter sort of sound as it boils. Wo tread very gently in this part, for every footBtep has an ominous echo, reminding one of the thin ness of the earth s crust. We pass a stream of boiling water, which is an affluent of the lokaanu stream, whose waters are cold as iee. .strangely enough numerous steam-jets are hissing from the bank of the Tokaanu stream only a few inches above the water. We bathed again, and having finished tea sat listening to the melancholy waiata chanted bv tho_ Maori girh m they carried the food to . 40 tte ringing laughter of the youngsters, who were running races for the P®1"11®- .The next day being beau I to g° caaoei"S on Lake i aupo. Gliding down the stream we'soon float on that vast theet'of water, which is so clear, solilue, so tranquil, and stretches away as far as the eye can reach to the dim blue mils in the distanoe.; After an hour's paddlin? we arrived at Waihi, a Maori settlement on' » i ^e JS'the lake. "Wiibi is almost .leserted, aiid is visited only, I think, on acCSv! its waterfall, which is from a height ?>f -.00 or more feet/ We soon reoross the blue watera of Taupo and arrive at Tokaanu. Thus a week of voluptU6us eas6 flew by, and we are now on the eve of our departure. As we lie i-molting in tho delicious cool of the evening contemplating the green hills above, just beginning to fade with the waning twilight, and watching tho steam rising all around like ghosts, the sorrowful reflection forces itself upon us that to- morrow at dav Jight we must depart for Waimarino. We must say good-by to the bright faced little iellows who ran races for our edification, and u> the fair damsels who chanted doleful waiatas for our benefit and cadged our cigarettes. e ASCENT OF TONGARIRO AXD NGAURCITOF.. At sunrise the following day wu reluctantly bade farewell to Tokaanu-what a stranjm fascination human nature has for the won derful. We take a short out over the Pihanga range. a hei road was not good except the Tihr?V«h the bush, whicli was delightful, ISothing disturbed the tranquillity of the scene, with its delicious coolness, and its shade occasionally lit up by sunbeams darfcinir through chinks in the foliage, save the fitful «-ng of the sweet-voiced tui. Suddenly we issue from the bush and behold Lake Rotoaira close beneath us in all the joyous brightness of 8 It is a pretty little scene, although the bush-fringed peninsula outs off from view the further portion of the lake, and enm Tongariro makes the background. We ride on for a few miles and camp at Papakai, six milesi distant from Toneariro. We break fasted at dawn the next day, and rode as far as Kotetahi, then tethered our horses and pro .^don foot. Two miles away we could smell the sulphur and hear the roar of the Kteam fornrng jts way through the earth. The Ketetabi SppDg is situated about halfway up the northern spur of Tongariro, where the action of the steam has made a large gulch in ^r"3't?-n8l,de- of steam ^r^ndfh,BS ^oles an^ fissures in the ground ; fiom amongst the steam an inky-black whiX it IT htubbhae out of the earth, a ill Ketetabi Spring. Although it is said by the natives tobetk, best curative spring m New Zealand there is no accommodation for bathing, consequently it is rarely visited. I should 6ay it would take a patient of exceptionally strong nerves to stand the strain of being in the presence of Kuch demoniac manifestations. From the lorce of steam which roars from a hole close bv one would say it indicated a pressure of 300 or 400 lb. to the square, inch. - We nad a bath simply to be-able to say we had done so. A j-itort stiff brush and we are on the summit of Tongariro, 5,430 ft. Stretched before us was a splendid bird s-eye view of lakes, streams, bush, mountain ranges, and desert; behind SLT j ^r11!!106' . wit11 its banner of *{eam, and the glistening peaks of snowy ecene of waste and utter desolation. All ofw?T U13tirob?'te boulder8 and vast walls lieat of8b^«en charred by the terrific °f »yK°ne years, and hundreds of acres of etone- A little further along f extlDot crater of Tongariro, a I tfs«»mnfetS of .th»s once terrific firelelcher. of Mff S drcular in shape, with adepth ^^ruLr^co^d ? tj1® stupendous power that once shook its S'5 $/oun<Jfhon °?d shot lurid flames into T A couple of mile's slowly down lull over rugged country composed of boulders, cinders, and earn', and we arrive at tbe foot of the Ngauruhoe Peak, home time ago we were loud in praise of the symmetrical shape of Ngauruhoe, but now when we have to crane our necks to look to the top it is neatly not eo beautiful. After about two hours' painful struggle we arrived at the edge of the crater, 7,421 ft. The scene is almost indescribable; large columns of steam were roaring, hissing, ana howling from numberless fissures all around the inside of the crater a distance of fully a quarter of a mile, and occasionally luge boulders undermined by the action of the steam fell into the crater with deafening crashes. The sickening and almost unbearable smell , of sulphur added to the noise made the place a perfect pandemonium. Adjoining the outer edge of the la^ge and uneven crater there is a smaller one thickly coated with Bulpliur crystals which emits a thin black column of smoke. We took some speoimens of orystals from the crater and some pure flour of sulphur from the outside ef the cone where it is lying in tons. A slight breeze for a moment or two wafts the steam and smokein our faces; we are obliged to putour noses to the ground like Japa nese courtiers and await a change in the wind. Somewhat anxious to get away from this "un canny" spot we quickly scramble down and soon arrive back at Tongariro. After another bath in Ketetahi we reach camp at sunset "just a little tired." We next day push on aa far as the Maori pah Waimarino, which is on the border of the famous block of land of that name recently purchased by the Kew Zealand Government. Another twenty miles through the bush and we are on the Wanganui River. The road is completely canopied by the bush, which looks more charm ing than before. Splendid matais, graceful rimus, giant pines, and sturdy ratas, with the shrublike undergrowth of horopito, korimo, and mako, and beautiful clusters of the incom parable ferns to complete the sylvan picture, We pass into the King Country, ana arrive at Taumaranui in the afternoon. After staying some days we sent our horses home, and arranged to go down the Waneanui River by canoe. There is a certain element of danger in shooting the rapids which makeB tbe journey exciting. We engaged a uative named Tuao and his wife Maria (Mareea) to take us down to Wanganui, and started about noon one day. Carefully seated, all hands paddling, we approach the foaming rapid, poise an instant on the crest, then shoot down with the speed of a railway train through tbe eddies at the bottom, and into the still {por tion again. So we continue, shooting rapids at the rate of one every five minutes. In such a cockle-ehell as a Maori canoe I thought it surprising that we did not capsize at every rapid, but the natives are astonish ingly dexterous in navigation. Once at the bottom of a rajjid the canoe swept into a gurg ling eddy, which ran our bow up stream in a second. We laughed at one another as we sat looking up stream, but it was quite an omission that the canoe did not capsize or stand on its head in the eddy. The scenery was refresh ingly rugged and unique. Almost its entire Course tpe river iB immured within high bush covered hills. Here and there patches of native clearing have been deserted, and are now covered with prolific growths of the beautiful Pitau and Ponga feres. We stayed the night at Te Maire, and started away as usual the following day' (Sunday). Sunday is not observed aa a day of rest by natives resid ing in the higher latitudes of the Wanganui River. A day of rest iB to them quite an un known quantity. They cannot realize it, for nothing could be more full of rest than their - daily occupations. Blest in the possession of large tracts of land of astonishing fertility, and being free from all care and trouble, and from the turmoil of the busy world, with its never-ceasing struggle tor wealth and power, they pass their lives pleasantly m the calm contemplation of Nature. The river winds reach by reach between walls of papa rock, which rise precipitously from the water's edge to a height of thirty or forty feet on either side. Suddenly turning a point one could imagine we were entering a cave, so dark and gloomy is the scene with thedripping moss clinging to tbe walls; in a few minutes more we are m the next reach, which is bathed in sunlight, and everything is bright and cheerful with the songs cf birds. We paddled on till the afternoon, and camped at Marai kowhai, a native settlement of some im portance. McGregor told me that as neither Tuao nor Maria had visited this pah for a lengthy xieriod a tangi (lamentation) was sure to take place. The old couple carefully deco rate themselves with green wreaths; they ap proach, and the ceremony begins with low, dismal moaning. The women of the pah hear, and respond in the same key- well, not quite in tbe same key, for I believe they all sing in different keys-and the sacred oustom is going to be upheld to the last tear. It starts like the low, plaintive moaning of the wind as it sweeps through the pinetree, and gradually increases in a glorious crescendo, now forte, and bursts into a crashing discord that well-nigh lifts one's head off. Again and again the discordant crisis is reached, but I am now half a mile away eating boiled maize. After a few more rfays' paddling and a few more tangis we reached Pipiriki, ninety miles from Taumaranui. We accomplished the distance from Pipiriki to Wanganui (sixty miles) in a couple of days, and our journey is ended. It occupied just a month and a day, and was one of the most en joyable trips that one-especially an admirer of Bcencry-could wish for. The Maoris too were exceedingly hospitable, and treated us with the greatest of kindness. FINAL. . All those who bave written on the subject of the " Maori Race" are agreed that it ib rapidly approaching extinction. Various reasons have been assigned and theories advanoed to show cause for the rapid depopulation.. The Aboriginal is said to have acquired the vices of the pakeha without his corresponding virtues, and to be the victim of unscrupulous publicans who sell " doctored" liquors for Maoris only. That the natives often get rank poison instead of spirituous liquor there is unfortunately no room for doiibt. Always ready to'sell their lands, and equally ready to spend the proceeds' . in debauoheiy, what could be more natural than their extermination ? But happily a change is coming overtheMooris. Theyareno longer eager to sell their lands, and bave in many places gone in for eheepfarming and cropping. In all the districts through which we passed there was a substantial increase in. population. The natives appeared tidy and well clad, and food was plentiful. In many ways the Maoris have been improved by missionaries of different' seotB, but the intensely practical mind of the' native cannot grasp the conflict of religions, and he is inclined to view with doubt and sus picion doctrines which disagree on material points. 