Igmrtitcrs. BY FRANK WORLEY. CHAPTER XIV. Tost i^ncTiUES-T, from liis roty; is of fnntago, coulil »co distinctly everything in Hooky's offico. It wm vory evident that thero waj an uncomfortable fooling of con' straint betivcon tho two moil. Silas Hooky )ki:1 tho appearance of a man who anticipated an. impending oril ; whilo Puffy was attempt ing to assume tho rtitc of ono perfectly at iii* Mix. wliiln lie wns constrainedly nervous, nnd spasmodically jolly— or at least loud. ' ' You will pardon mo, 'Mr. Puffy/' said tho lawye., ' if I fail to understand tho drift of your remarks which, to say tho least, aro in questionable taste.' ? ' You (lou't liko them,' said Puffy, drily. 'I don't liko them, and I don't under ' ?land tlieiii.' retoHod ITookv, siviw&lv; ? and let mo tell yon, onco for all, tliat I wil' not submit to this assumption of superiority on your p»-t, wliieli I look upon as an iinpertincnoi!.'' ; ' Lardy, dull !' said Puffy. . '? . ' : ? Thor-i was u savaga gloam in tlio lawyer's eyes, as ho half roso from his chair, apparently with tho initiation of seizing his conipinion by tho throat. llowovor, ho conquered ilia impulse, and nut down again ; but tha banker lost liis nonchalant air, and liis colour at tho uaino timo. Ill hid evi dently gono 'oo far, nnd ho nppeared to como to tho conclusion thai Hooky was not a man to bo trifled with. Tho moil wero taking each othor' s measure. After a moment's Bilenoo tho lawyer said, ' If you will ccaso your hints and inuuondoes, and stato plainly what yon want mo to do, it will, parhaps, bo better for both of u.s.' 'I only want you to do, for bur mutual . Tiannfll:. wlmfc wmt lifivn ftlfVfL'lTr rtnnn frtr vnni- : own,' naid Puffy. ' That ia— f intcrjeotod tho lawyer,' im- ? t» patiently. 'Forgo 1' said Puff v, in a low tono. ', 'Oh!' oxclaimod ftooky, 'you do mo too muoh honour,' and ho leant Sack in liis , ohair with tho easy air of aman who had just discovered the point of a joko whioh had hitherto escaped him. ' And so you think that among my inani- ? fold iiocoinplishmonts I am foul ouougli to iuoludp that of tha forger, oh f' ' Look born, Hooky, lot us drop this and como to busiues-,' eaid tho banker, shortly. 1 'Procoad, my friond, proceod,' said IXooky ; ' unfold your anhemo to tho atten tive cars of yours truly. . I ndmiro your ' impertinenoo. I always know you wero a roguo. I am oonsoiom that I ain not Iminaoulate myself: but I did not think boforo thut you wero n. fool: and I w« . oortainh' unaware tliat I had given you reason to think that I was ono. Bat go on, go on, I i\ra all attention. Whoso namo am I to forgo, pray, for our ni itual bsnoflt, hi ! ' ha! vory good ! for our mutual boncii'., ho! lio ! — what a coiner of phrnsos you aro, Puffy.' Tho banker bit his lip impitiontly, while tho lawyer was indulging iu his untimely merriment— which had n uomowhat faLio ring about it. Hooky laughed, but tlio laughter was forced. It did not spring spontauoouily from n jocund heart, or a tickled imagination. It waa a stage laugh, nnd oarriod with it hardly ovon tho ghost' --f niorrimout. Such as it was, however, tho lawyer suddenly ceased liis ussumed mirth, . und bringing his jaws together with a snap, turnod an ouquiring look upon his companion. ' What do you moau by saying, or insinuate ing rnthor, that I havo committed forgery,', ha suddenly onquirod. ' ,- 'I simply mean,' replied tho bankor, . ' that I know you liavo douo it ; that I caty prove you havo dono it; but that I think it will suit mo bettor to work with you, rnthor'' than against you.' ? ' In other words,' said Ilooky, 'you , think you have' a hold ou mo, and that 'you will graoiously permit mo to bococne yjuf' cat's-paw.' ?? ' Wo Bhall share equally,' said the banker.'- ' Iu tlio profits?!' queried Hooky. Tho banker nodded assent. ' And tlio risks P' porsidtcd tho lawyer. ?Ptiffy j,.V\tou in ' . di-prrcuuiig fashion, (hat lie lmd acquired by loug habit of doing uuplbasaut t'dngd in iui pleasant a manner us possible. ? ' ' Supposing; I refuse,' said Hooky. 'I should explain to you, that it would bo hotter to reconsider your vutuous resolu tion,' suid Puffy. 'Woll tliou oxplnin at oneo, for I emphati cally il'oline to commit u crime for tho sake of enriching you.' ' And yourself,' interjeoted Puffy. ' ' Possibly, V said Hooky, but let mo hear your roitsonn for suppu.-iug that I am . eapablo of the eriiuti, iu tho results of wlnoh - you are willing to hharo.'1 'I know, for instanoo, llmt you forged. John Thorn's liiiiuo to a promissory uoto tori ? £500.' ; 'And supposing I eaid you lied ia : making sueh a statement — what then?' 'Then, I should simply say that your ob servation was more vigorous than corrcot,' ? repliod Pulfy— ' but let mo oxplain j' and, lierutipou, Puffy unfolded to tho lawyer tlio means by, v,-liMi lio liml bcoomo possessed of his secret. Hooky, listened to tho narration with a. ooimteniiiieo in which tho varvinir shades of acntoiuptuoiiH incredulity gavo wiiy (; to tlio conviction gradually forced upon him, j, I hat tlio cliaiu of o vldonao was comploto. 5 Ilowovor, ho was not a man to yield without; n struggle. ? . Ho roturnod onco moro to tha. charge. ? ' 'p. ' All this may lio porfeutly eorraot,' patA lio ; ' uud yet, as I deny tho ohnrge, it maj*' only !end to provo that I liavo been thO victim of a baso conspiracy. What was ti proveut you from making those bicroglyi-hi-» upon whioh, you j)laco so inueh sirens, the bill camo into your bauds as well as ir/jrl It left my ollleo F' I ' Cerfainly, thero is fomething iu thai; Hn 1, if it wtro only a question of your oafli og iins-t. mine, I Bupposo tho one la as goo;!, ? ornslial as the other; but tho whole sn/r ro:mdui(£» of tlio caso aro shady, ami thd trnuxni'.liou will not bear investigation; moro ovor, I can bring a witness to prove lljat beforo tho bill was known to bo in oxibtoiibe, I had made theso marks upon a blank lu'pa in your bflioo.' 3?or ,ii few, moments tlioro was a find stlonce in tlio room. Tho ouo solitary cniullf* onst a lliokoiimr light upon tho fanes of tho two liieii, uud throw their sombio shadjows upon tlio wall. Tlio' ace of tho lawyerlwas no.leis somhra than liis ghostly Mlliouotto : upon tliu II iked plant ; while the ox prMsioa of the banker's coui, euanoo betrayed ; [moro of anxiety tlian trluinph. _ if ' Who knows of tl»-j forgery besides j our selvis asked tho lawyer. : | ' No one.'' 1 1 V ' Wlm, th-'-n, is tbo witness you. /ppoko obout?'' ?'( ' ' Sloggins.' . .1/ ' And he knows nolhiog of tho forglory ?' ' Alis .lutoly notliiiig.' J i ' ' Tih'ii wnat, m lloaverrs mmf floes ho know i ' 1 ? ( ' : Simply that l raado O'rlaiu msTks. ni.ou noeitaiu piece of papor, on a certain date, in Silas lloftky'S oilloo.' ? , i Iv s ' A'ld this knowledge Is perfectly linrin - loss uiitil you supply tho koy f' /? ' l'erfootly.' . V And . you don't intend to supply tho koy?' ooutinuod tlie lawyer. 'Njt if you consent to iny proposition,' said tho baukeri.aud ho bogun to uxpliiiii to Hooky what ho roquirod of liiui. f Tom Parchment, who, during this long prologue, had llstoucd with considerable interest to tho conversation between these two honourable gontlemon, now|Sottled him self more comfortably, aud with it; perfectl v clear conscience, to mako himself master of tho, ingenious design of tho iminaouhito I'uirv. , ' As our readers aro awarei irr.';; PulTy .required ut. least £1000 to sijuart^ Brown's aco.mut betoro tho return of J; Inspector Slmmdoo. ???Ho had triod ovory otiier ineaus of raising tho lnonoy,! . out had signally failod iu nil, Tito, fates w«ra luraiiiut lura .? and lia lljoutiht he very badly trcalcd by l! woild in pct:oral in not being peiniitto.l to couducl liis own little swindles in his own way. But bcin;,' a man of resources, when lie failed in ono direction he tried in another. It occurred to liiin that if he could not persuade Mrs. ilardgrovo to advance the money to iqunre Jiruwn's aecount, lio could arrive at a eorae what. similar result by drawing out Mrs. IlHrdgrovo's money which was now lying at cull. He, of course; could not think of doing anything dishonest hime'.'./, especially where there was a chance of hirf lining found out, and Providence had kindly sent him assistance iu the person of Hroky. After discussing tho mattsr at considerable length, it was in ranged that Hooky was to forgo a chcquo for £2000 ; the amount at I.Irs. Hurdgrovo's credit being £2ll0.17s. Gd., luel uding interest. ' But,' said Hooky, I .' thought sho. had nothing.' ' What made yea tliink that f' enqnired tho other, v. - ' ParoliTjcnt told mo Hiat — but no matter., -?-you nover cju toll whou yon havo got ii woman, They aro as treacherous as .cats nud as suspicious as bankers.' ' Or lawyers, ' said Puffy, 'but I quite ftgreo with you as to their being treacherous and suspicious. If Mrs. Hardgrovo had .only . taken my advico about an investment^. I would have beon saved all this troublo.' Tom Parchment nearly betrayed, himself at this point. Ho forgot that Ifo was look ing through a ventilator into another room, und tho impulse that was strong upon him to jump down and floor Puffy and Hooky with a right aud left from tho shoulder, mado tlio division' wall ' tremblo as ho knocked :iip ngainst it To licar llioso two swindlers: maligning women in genoral, booauso ono in pariibular lmd been too clover for them, wiis too much for his philosophy. Ho felt nn irrosistiblo ilrsire to hit somebody ' but nslm eanld do nothing lie consented himself with listening to tho further unfolding of their plots. 'Apropos of Parchment,' said Puffy, ' I think it would be a good plan to per sonate him in cashing the chcquo. Tho now clerk does not know either of you. You can get an uUter similar to the ono Parchment wears, nnd a littlo paint will mako tho metamorphosis complete. In a casual wily you can mention to tho olerk that you nro only iu Slccuin for a short timo ; nnil then, if in getting out some papers from your pocket, you could accidentally drop this oard of Parohmcnt's, the thing would bo right.' ' Happy thought,' saiil Hooky; 09 lie put Parchment's card in his pocket—' hallo 'what noiso was that !' 'I did not hear anything,' exclaimed Puffy, looking round with a Btartlcd ex pression. ' I thought something knockod up ngainst i tlio wall in the next room,' stummered '.Hooky. ? \- 'Imagination, my- dear- fellow, imagina tion,' said Puffy, with un indescribable atr of 'superiority, as ho got. oror his oivn fright. ? ' Well,' said Ilooky, slowly, ' it may be, in fact it must bo, for no one can bo in there, \- and ' thus conscience doth mako cowards, of iis nil i' but go- ahead.' V ' Tliere is not much more to bo said,' con tinued the banker ; 'you draw the chcquo for £2000 j sign it with Mrs. Ilardgrovo's usual signature ; present it at tho.bauk to itiorrow at luilf-past two o'clock, tho money ; of course will be paid, iu gold recollect, and when you have got it, you can hand over the half to me.' ' ' Whou will tlio discovery takj placo ?' asked Ilooky. ' It may not bo discovered for a oouplp cf month?, I cau arrange that. Thero is not , 'muoh ehanco of tho lnonoy being tnken out ifor inrestinent boforo that timo. Until Mrs. Hardgrovo wauts tho money, nobody will bo the wiser. She won't know it is gono uutil slio wurits to uso it.' ? 'But when sho gets her pasB-book uiado lip, tho swindle -will bo apparout,' said Ilooky. ' 9ho does not operato upon that acoount, \- imdiiquiros i:o pass-book. 1 v ['ob I havo timo to mako myex.it for Culliio. or tlio Sar.dwioh Islands, beforo tho thiuif is blown,' remarked- ^ Hooky. ! . '? Plenty of time.' I 'Aud you will remain behind to faoa tho 'torw.' , «'.I shall remain behind aB tho virtuous, but! unfortunate bank manager— the Violim of oironmstaiiccs and— tho lithogram.' f-, | OHAPTEE XV. [? ?. 'Unit inoniing, nfter tho scone in SilaB fHooky's oiliue, biroko ns bright and clear us if INatnro- lnoant 'to mako amends' for tho j villainy of man. Tom Parchment was iu a ! rooud to philosophiso ns ho strolled out of liis hotel, about ton o'clook in tho morning, with a fragrant Ilavanuah between his lips. : Ijto had slept well, breakfasted hoartily, and l.l '???[, lU'U IUIl^ ati-, IUIIIIIUIUU uy luu bright morning sun, mado him feel as if life l/tsolf — tlio moro fact of animal existence, jhti capacity of broathiug such intoxicating lir — was a blessed gift from tho immortals, riio fact simply was that ho was young and healthy ; that no sousation of discomfort ever' botrayed tho oxistonco of ou organ jxoept when ho was hungry ; that, although ho had all tho viscora necessary in tho hnini'il economy, ho was uncouRGioua of their Jxistoiico ; aud thnt bright Btiunhiuo, tho jOdiiur of flowers, tho sparkle of.dew drops, 'itho song of birdH, all spoko to him 0f hanpi jneia und Pully Walker. ',1'om was goiug in tho diroction of Pino Vi'la to acquaint Mrs. Hirdgrovo with what ho had seen and heard lust night. If Tom hill been un ideal citizon his first duty and liifi natural iinpulso would havo been to acquaint tho polico. But Tom Parchment ws,s only un ordinary man ; and, although he was a lawyer, ho did not feol that ho had a special mission to sot tho world aright. At least lio was not going to ho iu a hurry ubsut it. Ho would ndviso tho myrmidons of thb law iu duo course, unless, iu t)io moan tiifie, nomo hotter plan occurred to him. When lie arrived nt Pino Villa, tho l|idlo3 had flint finished a lato hroakfsst, and if thero 'iVt.y a slight iluttor iu the dove cot, it was not from any approheuiaou about being caught .mi dishabille, for thoy both looked us' ohiirrn .iu;,' at a lato breakfast nsthey did at an early !ca. Mrs. Hardgrovo thought something lmd happened to Jim, and Polly had a prefunti moiit that something was goiug to happen to herself. Both wero mistaken, for nothing happened to anybody, unloss it was a tender squeeze of tlio hand, which Tom bestowed upon his inamorata; but tliU is so maoha matter of course, that it is'hardly worth mentioning. Tom launched immedi ately into a narration of tho ocourronoos of laot night. If tho moving accidcuts by flood aud field, of whioh ho was tho viutim, wero not oxaetly of an heroic type, lio at least put tlu;m in suoli a light that bis audicuuR laughed with him, and not at him. As he explained ; if It was impossible for a man to bo a hero to his valet, it was equally impos sible to feel anything but mean whilo listen I ing to u private conversation through a venti lator. However, wlicu he oxplainod tho nature of tho conversation he had over hoard, ho received plounry absolution from liistsvooliarmingconfessors; aud they resolved thomselves into a council of war, to consider Ihn situation. I Tho ladies having nil tlio tenderness of heart for whioh tho sox is conspicuous, wero oxtromely anxious that some modo of notion , should bo adoptod, whioh, whilo provonting tho consummation of tho coutomplatcd forgery, would avoid publicity, and give tho two misguided men nn opportunity for ro pentnnoo. It is tho prerogative of lovely women to bo illogical. Thoy reason with tho hoart, and not with tho head, If u lino of action eommends itself to tho omotloual part of their nature, tlio reasoning faculties nro immediately haudicapped out of tlio rumiiug. Mrs. Hardgrovo thought sho would kill two birds with nno stone — sav her own moi.ey, and provont tho porpotra tion of a crima by th'HO two miserable men. It was to no purpose that Tom 'advised ' her that tho loss would not bo hers, oven if tho crime was completed, Sho determined to take thomouoy out at otic.-, aiid soud it down to Molbourno in char;.' of Mr, Parchment. Toui prolostod that the thing \yiii ridicu lous ; (hat if sho drew out thu' money sho should nlacn ft In tha nthor hank, and (hsU) IT the wtn'.,,i' to *'fi 1 th' iv..-i'.'y to ? bourae, she colli. 1 ^-.-l a drau, u*: -h*aw a :hcqu'j for tho amount. Mrs. Hardgrovo had a host of satisfactory reasons tor having her own way. 'What I wnnt to do, Mr. Parchment, is to prevent this forgery from coming to ahoad at all : to nip it iu tho bud by leaviug Mr . Silas Ilooky nothiug upon which to exercise his talents. This will prevent tho matter from being mado publio, aud it may save both tho unfortunato men. If I send the moucy to Mulbourno it will simply be looked upon as an eocontricity on my part ; whil', if I put it in tho othor bank, it will cause a good deal of local cominont, and tho reason may loub out in some way. ' To this sort of reasoning Tom was powor loss to reply, and ho recognised tho truth of the old adage about a woman': , *' When sho will, stio will, you may dopond oa't, And whon alio won't, she won t, and there s ar cud on't.' . Ho reluctantly consented to follow Mrs Hardgrovo's instructions. Sho gavo him p ohoquo for £2000, which lio was to draw oul . and ciirry to Molbourno. To toll tho truth, Tom did not liko tlio job. It strnok him bp being tlio quintossonbo of absurdity, although ha was too polito to say so, or to let Mrs. Hardgrovo luspect that ho thought so. Mrs. 'Hardgrovo'a idea wns certainly not devoid of - a certain ingonuity. Sho very naturally thought that if sho dro w lior money out boforo Silas Hooky presented the forged chcqiio-.thb' schomo would bo at onco de feated/ nud that nobody, except thoioulrendy in thc.socrot, would be any tho wiser. Mr. l'uffy would immediately acquaint tho lawyer with tho fact that tho acoount was closed, nnd tiiero tho matter would cud. Suoh was .the pr-Vriimno; and if, Mrs. Ilardgrovo's lione\\\ ? ? iutontious had been allowed froo scope this veracious history would uovor havo been written. That wo are tho victims^ of circumstances ia only another. way of saying that wo aro human. CHAPTER XVI. Ip tlioro was ono thing moro than another that Mr, Shamdoo prided himself upon, it was tlio way ho instructed bank clerks in thoir duties. To insult and annoy a customer when ho thought ho had him in his powor, and to fawn upon him nftcrwards, when he found that ho was mistaken, was nu occasional delight, which was all tho moro procious from its rarity; but to bully a pior unfortunato bauk-clerlc— who was possibly a batter man than himsolf — was, to tho noting manager, nnd sometimes insp itor, of the Bank of E!oganco, an evory-day oup of bliss. Sir. Shitndoo hal 3 theory that bank clerks should bo mero machines, aud that, if they had any brains, thoy should not. be allowed to oxerciso them. He was a littlo man, nnd, as often happens to men wlio have a deficiency of bono aud muscle, ho was under tho deluded impression that nature, as « compensation, had supplied liiui with an extra q nut'iy of cerebral ti-suo. Ho, in'fnet, co.'iei'-h-rod thai ho had suHloieut brain-power for tho entire establishment; that intellectual activity was at n discount iu tho general manager and tha directors, whom an aoeidunt of fortune had vlacod above him; and that it was sitperlluviis in the common herd, whom nature, und their owu demerits, had placed below him. Th-o ouly per ion that Shamdoo did not bully ivua his wife ; nud she, by a happy nccidont, had got tlio upper hand, aud bullied him. Folix Downey, tho'uow olork at the Banlt of Elegance, Slocurn, had tho misfortune to ha trained under the auspices of Sir. Shain iloo, and, as u mattor of course, had all oviginality knocked out of him. Whon l.'rs t ho wont iuto tho head otlieo in Collins t treet, ho was a youth of parts ; but ho very loon boonmo ft moro automaton, and, liko Sir ?osjph Portor, ' never thought of thinking ?j il' miUSeil at UK. jjeioro uo wan reuuu;u to' this stnto of moutnl iuibooility, ho had somo sovcre, ? lessons from Mr. Shamdoo, whioh, in duo courso, bore fruit. One day ? he had done some trifling thing on his own responsibility, which was perfootly right in itself, but beforo doing which ho should havo-. consulted Sir. Shamdoo. Tho lattor gontleman , was very busy, and could not bo interrupted. Tho gentleman for whom tha trifling servico was dono was nu old cuatomo? of tho banir, and, by reputo, a milliunatro, Upon informing ' r ? S^'indoo, tho vials of that gentleman's wi'iO were poured otlb upon tho wrotoliod Fulix. ' How daro you, sir, take it upon yourself to do this witliout consulting mo/1 said his superior officer. ' If you please, sir,' roplicu Downoyj hositatingly, ' I thought — ?' ' Yon thought, air, iiiterfiiptod Shamdoo — ' you thought I 1'ou I Who told you tct think, sir?' ' BuJ— ' hogan tho unfortilnato olork. ' Rnfc:-nir I' vollnil Shamdoo. 'how daro. you ' but' mo, sir I Go to your desk this moment, sir 1 You havo simply got to do your duty, sir ! Go!' nud Sir. Shamdoo waved him out of his sanctum, a sadder and a wiser bank- clerk. . -?? Sir. Puffy was very uneasy tho morning nfter bis nocturnal visit to his frieud Hooky. While Tom Pnrobuieut was wonding his 'way to Pine Villa, with nn easy conscience aud a good oigar , Kr. Puffy was rostlessly en doavov-jng to look perfectly oiltn aud hippy. Hi could not remain iivo minutes in one place. Ho got up and wuliced to tbo door ; looked up tho road, aud down tho road, and across tho road; and thou wout back to his chair, and — looked at nothing. Thou he settled himsolf to work beforo u mass of papers ; but presontly pitohed them to one sido and walked up and down tho room, with contracted brow und unonsy stride. Ho tried to whiftlo, but his lips wero too pnroliod ; -„nd tho operatic air which ho b'guu, ended iu Bomothiug liko a sigh. 1'Vom timo to time ho went to a cupboard aiid put a flask to his lips, with tho result that no imbibed some Dutch courago, whioh roso In proportion as mo husk uesuonuuii. Suddenly liis vacillation socmod to leavo him, and goiug to thofrontroom, ho said to Felix Downoy: 'I am going to drivo dowu t.o Brown's station; I shall not bo back till half-past two. If aiiyono calls, wishing to seo mo particularly, tell them to wait.' ' Very good uir,' answered Felix. 'And, by tlio way,' continued the managor, ' liny cheque drawn by Mrs. Hard grovo is, of course, all right.' ? ? ' Yes, sir.' -. Sir; Puffy got into his buggy, and tlio way ho drovo down tlio road was n caution to nurso'. girl', wnrn (\nc.umbRred with tile inevitable lover in uddition to the customary poriimbululor. ? About. 12 o'clock, a gontleman enmo into the bank, and presented a. ohoquo, tor £2000 drawn by Sirs. Hardgrovo, which I'ehx duly honourotl, wondering nil tho timo at the porspibuity whioh had induced Mr. Puffy to drop a hint iu going out, that such a thing was improbable eventuality. At ' half past two, precisely, a gentleman walked into the bank, und presented another ohoqito for £2000, drawn by Sirs. Hard grovo. Felix could hardly bcliovo his souses. Ho rubbed, his eyes, and scrutehod his head, to no purpose. It was the samo gentleman, or his double; the same cheque— ' Good Ijord !' hu t, bought, ' this is very oxtvaordinary.' Ho ivas just about to ask for an oxplanation of tlio inyslory, when Sir. Puffy roturnod from his drivo, und brushed past the stranger in going to his room.' Folix followed him' immediately j hu( beforo he had time to say anything, Mr Puffy turned round testily and said : , ' Well, sir.' Pour Felix, bogan to fool vory unoomfort nblo. but ho tttilmmcred out : 'If you please sir, thero is a gentloman horo with a olicquo.' ?? ; ? ' Whoso ohoquo?'' oried Puffy, irritably. 'Mrs. Ilardgrovo's, sir !' ' Woll, didn't, I toll you it was all right,' rfiirod Puffy. ',. '? ? ' Ves, sir, h.but,' ' Htammerod tho now liopelrssly iinbooila Felix — ' b-but, it's for £2000, sir,' !' Well, pay it,' yollod Puffy. « But I think there must bo soma inistako, sir,' plo ided Felix.' ? ..? ?? :. . Think, sir !' howled tho oxasporated Puffy; ' who told you to think, sir, you aro ngt supposed to think, sir, vou havo simolv ?^.^r !/» (1 ' Y''ir vir.y. i nmfc Attliji v:v,-d t lio di'iu1. ruliniid uud uuhnppy Fehi. . i! of his ullk-c.- ... ' While the money was beiuj.- paid to Ilooky te.rois tho a'lunter— to d i whi-di, by tho way, 'icarly oxhauated tho rosourcc.s of tbo Slojum i Milch, Mr. illtfy wont oat by lliu front l.ior, telliu'.- Felix t' l.,ok up llio bank .n- hroo o'ci'-''- '—(To be continual,) 