Ax KxTItAOlIDI.V.UtV JjUJJL. While at college, in my nineteenth year, two of my classmates liad a ijnarrcl. Tlie j old spirit of chivalry was not yet dead—at least, not in the hearts nf those who had been too youug to serve in the war. Between niy I friends the challenge was passed, and a duel liad to be fought. I was fondly attached to both, and, al though I hud not boon chosen us u second, I j fglt a close personal interest iu the atfuir, and employed my efforts iuc/fectually to stop it. The meeting wa6 to occur, on a certain morning at sunrise.N On the night preceding it; I found myself unable to sleep, so :deep was the sorrow that beset me. Accordingly about eleven o'clock, I left my bed; dressed myself, and went out for a walk. It was in May. The wild plums were in bloom, and the clear sky was filled with the soft radiance of a full moon ; a sweeter night never was sent upon the earth. I walkedfor miles along the beautiful and lonely lanes, noting the banks of Cherokee roses making ready to burst iuto blossom in the hedges. ~ But I could think clearly of nothing but duels ; and out of the list which memory spread before me ' was oue which encom passed me fully. Years ago, when I was a child, there lived with us a handsome, daslt ing young man—my mother's brother— whom we children idolised. In tho neigh borhood was another young man—his friend; and by some unhappy fatality these two un tamed spirits fell apart, and a duel came of it. My unole was the victor, for his an tagonist fell, with a bullet in bis heart ; but wlrnt a fearful victory was that ! It bad : been kept a secret till "all was over : and then my father was bowed with shame and mv mother with grief. Upon the whole com munity rested a dark cloud, and at the funeral many an unaccustomed tear was shed. My uncle left the country and , had a strange history—hut that is irrelevant here. And the details of this terrible tragedy passed In review before me. I was thinking upon it, and grieving dumbly over it, when " Stop there !" quietly ami firmly com manded a voice before me. I halted ; and there, in full light of the moon, stood the cloaked figure of a man. His attitude was menacing. His slouch-hat was drawn low down over his face, and his long cloak covered his form completely. Still, there was something in his pose and in the tone of his voice that recalled almost forgot ten memories. " What do you want ?" I asked. " I liavo very little money, hut " He made n gesture of scorn. " It is not money I want," ho answered it is a duel with'you." I was not so badly frightened as I would have expected myself to be ; and, not being much afraid, I had my wits at command. " A duel I asked, smiling. " Men fight only after a quarrel and to avenge an in sult. I am not aware that there lias been any trouble between you and me." " Hot directly," lie replied ; hut re motely there has been." " Explain yourself." " JJleven years ago, your uncle killed me in a duel. I want satisfaction from you for that." Tiie substance of the challenge was so ab surd that I could only laugh, and then give vent to a little raillery. " It seems to me," I said, "that my luiclc himself would he the proper person to challenge." (His auswer to this I must decline to print. It is sufficient to say that it was satis factory explanation of my antagonist's course is declining to challenge him. It was clear enough that I was the only male relative of my uncle who could stand in his place in this particular emergency.) Strange to say, I regarded tho affair as serious. Even though the stranger might not he the ghost of the dead man (and I do not believe he was), hut was taking this way to frighten inc, end perhaps ltavc some sport out of me for the amusement of companions ho might have in hiding close at baud, I felt that in any event I must tight liim. A spirit of recklessness came upon me, and yet the absurdity of it all was apparent. "1 am willing to fight you," I said ; " hut you must reflect that a duel with pistols can not he fought without seconds." " lam so well a ware of the fact," he re plied, with a. smile, "that I have brought swords. ' Upon that, he produced from underneath his cloak a hag, from whieh pro truded two sword-handles. All difficulties being cleared awav, lie slipped the hag From tho weapons and ex posed two beautiful rapiers. It so liappcucd that I was something of nn expert in tho handling of this weapon, for from the foil to the rapier is an easy step. Before accepting one of the proffered weapons, I threw olf my coat and my antagonist dropped his cloak. Then a Very strange spectacle fell upon my vision ; for whereas the man had been uli black before, he was white now, and a faiut luminosity was emitted from him. Wo throw aside our hats, and there, in the full moonlight, I re cognised him distinctly as the man whom my uncle had killed eleven years ago, grown not a day older, but youthful and virile, and yet unearthly of aspect, hut apparently ponderable, l'or a moment, I was helpless with dismay, and my sword-arm liung limp. He went upon guard, and waited for nic to do the same. I delayed—I think it was fear that took the nerve from my arm. " Guard," he cried, impatiently, " or I'll kill you !" With that, lie made"a straight and vicious thrust at my breast. A quick retreat saved me. Realising that my life was certainly iu the issue, my old cunning re turned and, before lie could recover to send home another Imigc, J was 011 guard and had his rapier aloft. With that oue touch, the devil awoke iu inc, and the spirit of desperate combat worked in my veins. And what, a splendid weapon I felt was in my hand f Hover had 1 handled steel so lithe and responsive, and never was music sweeter than that I heard when our blades, flashing in tiie moonlight, slipped upon each other and rang upon tho guards. We stood thus a moment; then ho made a furious onslaught, doubtless intcudcd to turn my ncrvo : hut 1 was ready for him, and, after a few passes, during whiuli I had been solely upon llio defensive, 1 discovered that I had a serious advantage in skill. Iu other words, unless an aceidcnt should happen, I held my man's life on tho point of my rapier : hut I did lint want to kill liim, nor oven hurt him ; so I called for a parley, and begged liim to stop the silly encounter, lie shook his head, and a malignant light shone in his eyes. '• But I am the more expert,; I can kill you," 12>rotestcd. " Guard, —— you !" he cried, as his weapon came up. I was read}' for him ; and, seeing that lie was determined to have my life if ho could, I went in to whig him. He was furious,and I was cool. Ho gave me an opening and I ran lav rapier through his jugular. I saw the point of my weapon enter his licek ; hut imagine my dismay when I felt no rcsistanoe at all, and had drawn out a blade as bright as ever ? What could I think He jiaid 110 attention, and yet I knew that I could not have liecii mistaken. But, though much confused, I determined to carry the contest to the end. We had hot and close fighting. Soon I had auothcr opening, and ran him clean through the body. Again I felt no resistance: again T drew out an unstained blade. What would am one have felt in so extraordinary a situation r I gasped and staggered kick, dismayed and terrified. He came upon mo furiously ; the next moment I felt his rapier in my side. A blindness and a sickness as sailed me. The moon swung across the sky and turned black, and darkness and oblitera tion ovcrcamo all my faculties. When next I know anything, I was lying in the shade of a tree at midday. The weather was far too hot for spring. The place was strange to me. I remembered the duel, and put my band to my side. There was neither pain nor soroncsss. Then I dis covered that there was 110 puncture in my shirt, and what puzzled 1110 more, I saw that the clothes which I wore were entirely un familiar to me. I got to my feet, feeling weak : hut I went along a road which was near, until 1 met a horseman. In reply to my questions, he made it clear that I was at least two hundred miles distant from the spot on which the duel had been fought, and that two mouths had passed since that stniuge event. Confused and ashamed, I went from the road and examined my side, and there X found an ugly sear, such only us a rapier could have made, and it was still red heafing. This sear is in my body now. Upon returning to my family (the college sessions having closed long since), I-was wel comed as one returned from the grave, for the whole country had been searched for me. Afterward, I myself made a long and tedious search for some clue to my where abouts during those blank weeks,but nothing whatever could X find, and there I was com pelled to let the matter rest. The important medical manuscript which George libers acquired at Luxor eighteen or nineteen years ago, writes the Berlin correspondent of the f.imret, only fragments of which have hitherto been translated, is now accessible to all who cau read German. A complete translation bus been made by a Berlin medical muu, Dr. Hcnrich Joachim, who learned ligyptian for the purpose. By liis assiduous labors the oldest medical work in the world, written, it is supposed, at latest, 1550 u. c., and many parts of wbicli are of a much older date, is now common property. It consists mainly of receipts, in terspersed liere and there with proverbs. The treatiso shows that many methods at present in use were practiced by the old ijiryptiuu physicians, , , 