THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. ' I would give a' million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American recontly. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the artico even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bin be was ready enough to give all he had for one tiling1 be hadu't got. Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in bis own way. Mr. Gnskin goes on to say : ' Dp to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's vrork tbrougb sickness. lu' December, 1862, whilst living nt Bcoston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 bail dreadful pain alter eating, n bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the lattor so thick aud sticky that I olden had to remove it with my Hn^erti. My chest used to 'fill up', and my tin oat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt nt the neck. I vomited a grcnt deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, ana would cough and strain till I bled tit the nose, and tho blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted aud short of breath and had to cull the doctor, and wtis in bed five or six woulte. ' I then went ns out- putiont to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little bettor. I got so thin thati was like a ghost walking about, aud his IV ic nils said it was all up with- me. For eigiiticii months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended mo to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation- to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby, f found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, aud I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die' ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing hut shook their heads. ' Getting a trifle better my old mpster allowed me to do what little 1 could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be awiij for 1 a. few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888,' when I. caught cold, »'ot very short of breath, and btoko down com pletely. I wus always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a tcacup Ful nt once, and was afraid logo to sleep, for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites ofiuy eyes turned yellow, and my eyus were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broko out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight iu three wenks. ' I managed to got up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to tako hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired nnd weary, and sitting or lying, was never at enso and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous 1 couldn't boar tho least noise, and the children at play quite upset in*. ' Ihe doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' 1 can do you, no good ; lean only patch yon up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything 1 could hear of. One tiling was a cough cure from London thnt oust 2$s a bottle. But nothing' did any good, and my friends who came lo see me said, ' Well, you ?won't cough much longer, you havo merely lo prepare for another world.' ' About the middle of March, 18S9, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in Ihe paper milla at Darley Abbey, said to mo, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigefs Syrup V and told uio how he had been cured after being' in tho hospital. Ho spoke so much iu favor of this mi'dicitic L sent my wife to Dorby and fj-ota bottle ut Mr'. Smith's Storusin Victoria Street. After tho first dose 1 had tin evueun tion black as ink, aud vomited. Then 1 fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking- the mediciDO for three days my breathing' got ousier, my food kopt down, and in a few days days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By tho end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, nnd I told him, us 1 tell overyono, that Mother Soi^ol's Syrup hud saved my life. I commonced work at onco, und havo never . lost a dny's work since. ' Of course my iitiength did not raturu all ut onco, but after taking1 Seigcl's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my lifo and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication ol this remarkuble statement, Mr. Gnskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keotoly, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Guykm has lived at Darloy Abbey 22 years aud bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thow/ht), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing- worse Cor seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspopsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mothtr Seigel's Syrup, was used tho diseases yielded, as all diseases of tho digestive tract do yield lo that magnifi cent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and recommend the factB of the case to all thinking people. Flohili.nb I — For the Tkkih and Brkath, — A low drops ol f the liquid ' Floriline ' sprinkled on s wot tooth-bruBh produces a pleasant lather, which \- horoughly cleanses the toeth from all parnsitoa ot - .mpuritisB, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, Rivos to tho teoth a peculiar pearly-whitonoss, ;.nd a delightful fragranoe to the breath. It romovoe all unpleusant odour arising from decayed tooth or lobacoo Eraoko. 'The Fragrant Floriline,' boiug jompoaod in part of Honoy aud Hweet horbB, in delicious to the taste, and the^greatest toilet discovery af tha age. Price 2s 6d, of all Chemists and For ; timers. Wholesale depot, 38 Faddington Road, t ondon, England' TllUOAT Art'KOTIONB AND UoARBKNKBS.— All Plldor ing from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeable surprised at tho almost immediate re lief afforded by tho use of ' Brown's Bronohinl troches.', TheBo famous ' lozenges' are now sold oy most rospeotublu chomiBts in thisoounlry at Is l\i per box. I'eoplo troublod with a ' hacking sough,' a 'slight oold,' or bronchial . affootionu, auiiiiot try them to soiin as similar troubles, if illowod to progruss, result in Boriouo l'ulrnonury nnd Asthmatic nffeations. -Soo that thu words 'Brown's Bronohinl Troohos' nro on tho Dovornmant Stamp itound orciIi box. — Proparod by John I Bhown A 3onb, Buaton, U.S. Kuroponn dopot 88, Farringdon Road, London, Knylanii, 