AN APPARITION. In speaking of a recent lawsuit, our conversation had turned oil sequestration, and each of. us, thereupon, liad a story to tell—a story affirmed true. "We were a party of ultimate friends, who had pas sed a pleasant evening, now drawing to a close, in an old family residence of the Hue do Grenell. The aged Marquis do la Tour-Samuel, bowed 'neath the weight of eighty-two winters, then rose, and, coming to lean 011 the mantel-piece, said, in somewhat trembling tones: I. also, know something strange, so strange that it has been a haunting memory all my life. It is now fifty-six years since the incident occurred, and yet not a month lias passed in which I Lave not seen it agaiu in a dream, so great is the impression of fear it has left 011 uiy mind. For ten minutes I expe rienced such horrible fright that ever since a sort of constant terror has made 1110 tremble at unexpected noises; and objects, half-seen in the gloom of night, inspire me with a mad desire to take flight. In short, I am afraid of the dark. Oh ! I would not have avowed that before having reached my present age. How I can say anything. I have never receded before real danger, ladies; it is therefore, permissible, at eiglity- two years of age, not to he brave over an imaginary danger. That affair so completely upset 1110, caused mo such lasting and mysterious uneasiness, that I never spoke of it to anyone. I will now fell it to you ex actly as it happened, without any attempt at explanation. In July, 1S27. I was in garrison at Itouen. One day, as I was walking on the quay, I met a man whom I thought I recognised, without being able to recall exactly who lie was. Instinctively, I made a movement to stop; the stranger perceived it and at once extended his hand. He was a friend to whom I had been deeply attached as a youth. For five years I had not scon him ; he seemed to liave aged half a century. His hair was quite white, and lie walked bent over as though completely worn out. He appa rently comprehended my surprise for lie told me of the misfortune which had shattered his life Having fallen madly ill love with a young girl, ho had married lier,and after a year of more than earthly ]iaj ipincss,she died, suddenly, of an affection of the lieiirt. He had left his chateau on the very day of her burial and had come to live at liouen. There he took up his abode, more dead than alive, desperate uud solitary, exhausted by grief and so miserable that he thought constantly of suicide. " Since I have found you again, at this time," said he, " I will ask you to render me an important service. It is to go and get for me at my home, from the desk of my bedroom—our bed room— some papers which I greatly need. I cannot send a servant or a man of affairs, asdisn'oiion and absolute silence are necessary. As for myself, nothing on eurtli would induce me to re-enter that house. I will give you tbekcy of tlierooin, which 1 myself locked on leaving, and the key of my desk, also a few words for my gardener, tel ing him to open the chateau for you. But eomo and breakfast with me to-moirow. and wc will arrange all that." I promised to do him the slight favor he asked. It was, for that matter, no thing of a trip, his property being but fif teen miles distant, from liouen, and easily reached in an hour on liorsc-baok. At ten o'clock the following day I breakfasted, tete-a-tete, with my friend, but be scarcely spoke, lie bogged mo to pardon him; the thought of the visit I was about to make to that room, the scene of his dead happiness,overwhelmed Lim, he said. He, indeed, seemed sin gularly agitated and pre-occupied, as though undergoing some mysterious mental combat. At length lie exactly explained to 111c what I had to do. It was very simple, I must take two packages of letters and a roll of papers from the first drawer on the right of the desk, of which I had the key. He added : — -• I u'eeu xiuvucffyui, v.-lrani rrom glancing at them." 1 was wounded at that remark, and toldbim so somewhat sharply. He slaiu ' mercd: " Forgive me, I suffer so," and tears came to his eyes. At about one o'clock I took leave of him to accomplish my mission. The weather was glorious, ami I trot ted over the fields, listening to the songs of the larks and the rhythmical striking of my sword against my boot. Then I penetrated the forest and walked my liorse. Branches of the trees caressed my face as I passed, and, now and then, I caught a leaf with my teeth, from sheer gladness of hcai t at being alive and strong 011 such a radiant day. As I approached the chateau, I took from my pocket the letter I had for the gardener, and was astonished at finding it sealed. I was so irritated that I was about to turn baeic without having ful filled my promise, but reflected that I should thereby display undue suscepti bility. My friend's slate of iniml might easily have caused him to close the en velope without noticing that lie did so. The manor seemed to have boon aban doned for twenty years. The open gate was dropping from its hinges; the walks •were overgrown with grass, ainl^ the flower beds were no longer distinguish able. The noise I made by lapping loudly 011 a shutter brought an old man from out a door near by, who seemed stunned with astonishment at seeing me. On receiving my letter, he read it, re-read it, turned it over and over, looked mc up and down, put the paper in his pocket, and finally enunciated: " "Well'. what is it you wish r" 1 replied shortly : " You ought to know, since you have just read your master's orders. I wish to enter the chateau." He seemed overcome. " Then you are going in—in her room I began to lose patience." • "Of course ; but is that your affair"r" He stammered in confusion : " No -sir.—but it is because—that is, it lias not been opened since—since the— ilcath. If you will bo kind enough to wait five minutes, I will go to—to see if I interrupted him, angrily : " Sec here, what do you mean with your tricks r You know very well you cannot enter the room, since hero is the key !" He no longer objected. " Then, sir, I will show you the way." " Show me the stair-ease and leave me. I'll find 111V wav without vou." " But—sir—indeed " That time I silenced liini effectually, pushed him aside, and went into the house. I first traversed the kitchen, then two rooms occupied by that servant and wife. Next, by a wide hull, t readied (he stairs which T mounted, and recognised the door indicated by my friend. I easily opened it and entered. The apartment was so dark that, at first, I could distinguish nothing. I stopped, my nostrils penetrated by that disagree able, mouldy odor of long unoccupied forms. Then, as my eyes slowly became accustomed to the 'darkness, f saw, plainly enough, a large and disordered bedroom, the bed without sheets, but still retaining its matrasses and pillows, on one of which was a deep impression, as though an elbow or a bead bad re cently rested there. The chairs all seemed out of place. I noticed that a door, doubtless that of a closet, had remained half-open. I first went to the window.. which T opened to let in the light; but the fast enings of the shutters had grown so rusty that I could not move them. I even tried to break them with my sword, but without sueefss. As I was growing jjgitated over my use-Jess ' efforts, apd coulcl now see fairly well in the sciui-I obscurity, I renounced the hope of more' light, arid, went over to the writing-table! I; seated myself in an avni-uhair, . and letting down the lid of the desk, I opened thejdesignated drawer. It was full to the. top. I needed but three packages, which I knew how to recognise, and be gan searching for tlieni. I was straining my eyes in the effort to read the superscriptions, when I seemed to hear,or rather feel,something rustle at the back of me. I paid no attoutiou, be- , heving that a draft from the window was moving some drapery. But, in a minute or so, another movement, almost imper ceptible, sent a strangely disagreeable little shiver over my skin. It was so stupid to be affeeted, even slightly, that self-respect prevented my turning around. I had then found the second packet I needed and was about to lay my haml oil the third, when a long and painful sigh, uttered fust over my shoul der, made 111c bound like a madman from mv seat and land several feet off. As I jumped I hud turned about, my hand 011 the hilt of my sword, and, truly, had I not felt it at my side, I should have taken to my legs like a coward. A tall woman, dressed in white, stood gazing at 111c from the back of the chair where I had been sitting an instant be fore. Such a shudder ran through all my limbs that I nearly fell backwards. No ouo can understand, unless they have felt it, that frightful, un-reasoning terror ! The mind becomes vague : the heart ceases to beat; the entire body j grows as limp as a sponge. I do not believe in gbosts, nevertheless I completely gave way to a hideous fear of the dead ; and I suffered, oil ! more in a few moments than in all the rest of my life, from the irresistible anguish of supernatural fright. If she had not spoken, I should have died, perhaps !But slie spoke; she spoke in a sweet,sad voice that set my nerves vibrating. I dare not say that I became master of myself and recovered my reason. No! • I was so frightened that I scarcely knew what I was doing; but a certain innate pride, a remnant of soldierly instinct, made me, almost in spite of myself, maintain a creditable countenance. I was posing for myself and for her, undoubtedly for her, 110 matter what she was. woman or phantom. I understood all that later,for at the moment I thought of nothing; I was afraid. She said : " Oh sir,you can render me a great service I wanted to reply,but it was impossible for me to pronounce a word. Only a vague sound came from my throat. ■She continued : '" Will you ? You can save 111c, cure me. I suffer frightfully. I suiter, Oh how Jt suffer I" and she slowly seated herself in my arm-chair, still looking at lue. " Will youshe said. I replied " Yes" by a nod, 'my voice still being paralysed. Then she held out to mo a tortoise shell comb, and murmured: " Comb my hair, oh comb my hair ; that will cure me; it must be combed. Look at my head—how I suffer; and my hair pulls so!" Her hair, unbound,very long and very black, it seemed to me, hung over the back of the chair and touched the floor. Why did I receive that comb with a shudder, and why did f take in my hands the long black hair that gave to my skin a frightful, cold sensation, as though I had handled snakes '* I cannot toll. That sensation has remained in my fingers, and still tremble in recalling it. I combed her hair. I handled, I know not how, those icy locks. I twisted, knotted, and unknotted, and braided tliom. She sighed, bowed her bead, andjseemcd happy. Suddenly she said; "Thank your" snatched the comb from my hands, and lied by the door that I had noticed apir. Left alone, X experienced for several seconds the horrible agitation of one who awakens from a nightmare. At length I regained my senses; I ran to the •window, and with a mighty effort burst open the shutters, letting a flood of light into the room. Immediately I sprang to the door ij}- time lw>;ii,j luicl departed. I found it closed and immovable. Then a mad desire to flee overcame me like a panic, the panic which soldiers know in battle. I seized the throe packets of letters on the open secretary ; mil from the room, dashed down the stairs, four by four, found myself out side, 1 know not- liow, and, perceiving my horse a few steps off, leaped into the saddle and galloped away. I stopped only when I reached Rouen and before my lodgings. There I shut myself into my room to reflect- l'or an hour I anxiously strove to convince my self that I laid been the victim of an hallucination. I had certainly had one of those incomprehensible nervous shocks one of those mental lapses, which create miracles, and to which the supernatural owesjits powcr.I was ready to believe a'l I | had seen a vision, an error of lav senses, when, us 1 approached the window, my eyes fell, by chance, upon my breast. Around the buttons of my uniform were entwined a quantity of long, black hairs' One by one, with trembling lingers, X | plucked them off and threw them away. I then called my orderly,feeling unable | to see my friend that day; wishing, also, to reflect more fully upon what I ought I to tell him. I bad his letters carried to | him, for which lie gave the soldier a re ceipt. He asked after lue most particu larly, and, on being told I was ill—bad bad a sunstroke—appeared exceedingly anxious. On the morrow, at dawn, I went to him, determined to tell him the truth. Ho had gone out the evening before and not yet returned. I called again during the day, my friend was still absent. Then having waited a week longer without | news of hiui, I advised the authorities, and a. judicial search was instituted. Hot the slightest trace of his whereabouts or mode of disappearance was discovered. A minute inspection of the abandoned chateau revealed nothing of a suspicions ] character. There was 110 indication that a woman had been concealed there. After those fruitless researches all further efforts wore abandoned, and in fifty-six years I have heard nothing; l| know nothing more. Donald M'Pbcrson was a very quiet man, but he knew how many beans made live. Ho was acting as boatman and ghillio to a gentleman not very long ago un a Highland loch, and the latter, with a view to spur him to his best efforts, as well as to See]) ihings square, said, on beginning to tish : " Now, Donald, we'll have a drain for every half-dozen fish." " I'll not be mindin' whatever," was Donald's reply. This arrangement was duly carried out, to their mutual satis faction. Some days later tlic same gentle man went to fish in the same locli, and Donald was again his boatman. After landing several fish, Donald looked up and insinuatingly remarked: "I'll be thinkin' that's a half-dozen r " "No; only five," returned the gentleman.'"Six, to he surely,"' repeated the other. And the catch being counted, six it was. aud, as Donald expected, the bask was jjro duccd. The fishing continued, and again Donald suggested—" That'll be another six." " No, Donald; only five this time, T counted them." Without further words Donald opened f lic basket, and, sure enough, a do/.eu beauties lay therein. The fisher was astonished, as lie had eountcd his fish the more carefully for being wrong the first time. But secing's believing, and, much to Donald's satis faction, tlie flask was jjrqdnccd. The next time, however, the gentleman counted most carefully—one. two, three, four, five; then, turning to his ninuze iiiont—and, I may add, amusement—lie caught Donald in the act of taking a fish from his pocket. The worthy Gaol had, in anticipation of the same arrangement as the first day, provided himself with a number of fish as p. meaiis to hasten the drams. ■ ] 