im rum VEIL-BELOVED, A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT By THOMAS HARDY, Author of "Tess, of the D'Urhevilles,' " TVesaex Tales," " The Woodlanders," Ac., Ac. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] PART FIRST.—A YOUNG MAN OF TWENTY. Chapter III.—The Incarnation* is Assumed to be a Tube One. lb was difficult to meet her again, even though on this lump of rock the difficulty lay as a rule rather in avoidance than in encounter ing. Bub Avice had been transformed into a very dilfereDb kind of young woman by the sell-consciousness engendered of her impulsive greeting; and notwithstanding their propin quity he could not meet her, try as he would. No sooner did he appear an inch beyond his father's door than she was to earth like a fox— that is, she bolted upstairs to her room. Anxious to soothe her after his recent slight, he could nob stand these evasions long. The manners ef the isle were primitive and straight forward, even amongst the well-to-do, and noting her disappearance one day he followed her into the house and onward to the foot of the stairs. " Avice !" -he called. "Yes, Mr. Pears ton?" " Why do you run upstaire like that 2" "0—only because I wanted to come up for something." " Well, if you've got it can't you come down again?" "No, I can'b very well." " Come, dear Avice. That's what yon are, you know." There was no response. "Well, if you won't you won't?" he con tinued. "I don't want to bother you." And Pearston went away. He had hardly left the door when Mrs. Caro's servant ran out to ask him if he had left his coat behind him when he called on the day of his arrival. They had found it in the house, and had nob been sure whose it was. "O, yes, it is mine," said Joeelyn hastily. "I forgot it." The great coat was strapped up_ round the letters just as he had arranged it; bub he wondered as he walked on whether Mrs. Caro or Avice had looked inside as a means of identification. Determining to run no further risks he set about destroying the letters there and then. To burn them in a grate was an endless task. He went into the garden, threw them down, made a loose heap of a portion, and put a match to the windy side. By the help of a pitchfork to stir them about he was fairly successful, though as soon as he eeased to stir they ceased to burn. He was deeply occupied in the business of feeding the tire from the adjoining heap when he heard a voic9 behind him. " Mr. Pearston, I wasn't angry with you just now. When you were gone I thought—you might mistake me, and I felt I eonld do no leas than come and assure you of my friendship still." Turning he saw the blushing form- of Aviee immediately behind him. "You are a good dear girl," said he impul sively, as he threw down the pitchfork, and, seizing her hand, set upon her cheek the kis3 fcbat should have been the response to hers on the day of his coming. "Darling Avice," he said. "Forgive me for the slighb that day. Say you do. Come, now." She blushed, looked rather than spoke her forgiveness, and shrank away, sitting down upon a squared stone, around which the un bnrnt sheets of paper were strewn. With some embarrassment at her presence he withdrew another handful from the collection and threw it on the flames." " What are you burning ? she asked. "Oh, only some papers I hadn't time to destroy before I left town; and which I forgot till to-day that I had brought with me." "Ah, that was the parcel you left at our house, perhaps V "Yes." She scanned more closely the packets scattered round her. "They are letters in different handwritings." "Yes." "Oh, Joce—Mr. Pearston—they are in women's hands; they are love letters." He did not answer for a moment, during which interval a sudden sadness overspread her face, which had ju3t before blushed so significantly under his caress. She bent her head and covered her eyes with her hands. " I see—I see now!" she whispered. "I am—only one—in a long, long row 1" Prom the white sheets of paper round about her seemed to rise the ghosts of Isabella, Florence, Winifred, Lucy, Jane, and Evange line—each writer from her own bundle respec tively—and Maude and Dorothea from the flames. He hardly knew what to say to the new personality in the presence of the old. Then a sudden sense of what a good and sin cere girl Aviee was overpowered the spectres, and rushing up to her and kneeling down upon the letters he exclaimed, "Avice, dear Avice, I say to you what I have never said to one of them, or to any other woman, living 01 dead—Will you have me as your husband " Ah, I am only one of many." "You are not, dear. You knew me when I was young, and they didn't—at least not many of them. Still, what does it matter ? We must gain experience." Somehow or other her objections were got over, and though she did not give an immediate assent she agreed to meet him later in the afternoon, when she walked with him to the southern point of tlie island called the Beal, or by strangers the Bill, pausing over'tha treacherous cavern known as Cave Hole, into which the sea roared and splashed now as it had done when they visited it together as children. To steady herself while looking in he offered her his arm, and she took it for the first time as a* woman; for the hundredth time as his old companion. They rambled on to the lighthouses where they would have lingered longer if Avice had not suddenly remembered that she had to recite poetry from a platform that very even ing at Slope way Well, one of the villages on the island—the village that had advanced to be almost a tou'D. "Keeite!" said he. "Who'd have thought anybody or anything could recite down here, except the reciter we hear away there—the never silent sea." "Oh—but we are quite intellectual now," she said. " In the winter particularly. But, Jocelyn, don't come to the recitation, will youIt would spoil my performance if you were there; and 1 want to be as good as the rest." " I won't if you really wish me not to. But I shall meet you at the door and bring you home." " Yes !" she said, looking up into his face; and they hastened back together. Aviee was perfectly happy now; she could never have believed at the time of her despair on the day of his coming that she would ever be so happy. When they reached the east side of the isle they were compelled to part at once, that she might be soon enough to take her place on the platform. Pearston went home, and after dark, when he thought it would be about the hour for accompanying her back, he went along the middle road northward to Slopeway Weil. He was full of misgiving. He had known Avice Caro so well of old that his feeling for her now was rather one of friendship than love; and what he had Baid to her in a moment of impulse that morning rather appalled him in its consequences. Not that either of the women who had attracted him successively would be likely to rise inconveniently between them. For he had quite disabused his mind of the old-fashioned assumption that the idol of a man's fancy was an integral part of the personalty in which it might ne located tor a long or a short while. To his intrinsic Well-Beloved he had always been faithful; but she had had many embodi ments. Each individuality known as Lucy, Jane, Florence, Evangeline, or what-not, had been merely a transient condition of her. He did not recognise this as an excuse or as a defence, but as a faot simply. Essentially she was pe'rbap3 of no tangible substance; a spirit, a dream, a frenzy, a conception, an aroma, an epitomised sex, a light of the eyes, a parting of the lips. God only knew what she really was; Pearaton did not. He knew that he loved the Protean oreature wherever he found her, whether with blue eyes, black eyes, or brown; whether presenting herself a3 tall, fragile, or plump. She was never in two places at once; but hitherto she had never been in one place long. She was indescribable, unless by saying she was a mood of himself. By making this clear to himself sometime before this date]! he had escaped a good deal of ugly reproach which he might otherwise have incurred from his own judgment, as being the very embodiment of fickleness. It was simply that she who always attracted him, and led him whither she would, as by a silken thread, had not remained the occupant of the same fleshly tabernacle throughout her career so far. Whether she would ultimately settle down into one he could not eay. Had he felt that she had now taken up her abode in Aviee he would have tried to believe that this was the terminal spot of her migra tions, and have been content to abide by his words. But did he love Avice—see the Well Beloved made manifest in Avice at all? The question was somewhat disturbing. He had reached the brow of the hill, and descended towards Slopeway, where in the long straight street he soon found the lighted hall. The performance was not yet over, and by. going round to the side of the building and standing on a slope he could see the interior as far down as the platform leveL Aviee's turn or second turn came on almost immediately. Her pretty embarrassment on facing the audience rather won him away from his doubts. She was in truth what is called a "nice" girl; pretty certainly, but above all things nice; one of the class with whom the risks of matrimony approximate most nearly to 71U. Her intelligent eyes, her broad fore head, her thoughttul carriage, ensured one thing, that of all the girls he had known he had never met one with more charming and solid qualities than Avice Caro's. This was not a-mere conjecture; he had known her long and thoroughly ; her every mood and temper. A heavy waggon passing without drowned her small soft voice for him; but the audience were pleased, and shs blushed at their ap plause. He now took his station as the door, and when the people'had done pouring out he found her within awaiting him. They climbed homeward slowly hy the Old road, Pearston dragging himself up the steep by the iron hand-rail and pulling Avice after .him upon his arm. Reaching the top they turned and stood still; to the left of them the sky was streaked like a fan with the lighthouse rays, and in their front, at periods of a quarter of a minute, there arose a deep hollow stroke like ; the single beat of a drum, the intervals being filled with a long-dra-m rattling, as of bones .between huge cauine jaws. It was Headman's ■ Bay, rising and falling against the pebble •bank. The kiss that evening was not on Avice's initiative. Her former demonstrativeness seemed to have increased her present reserve. However, to- day was the beginning of a pleasant month passed mainly in each other's : society hy the pair. He found that she couid not only recite poetry at intellectual gather ings, but play the piano fairly and sing to her own accompaniment. He observed that every aim of those" who had brought her up had_ been to mentally get her away as far as possible from her natural and individual life as • an inhabitant of a peculiar isle; to make her an exact copy of tens of thousands of other people in whose circum stances there was nothing special, distinctive, or picturesque; to teach her to forgot all the 'experiences of her ancestors; to drown the ; local ballads by songs purchased at the Bud month fashionable music-sellers, and the local vocabularyiby a governess- tongue of no country at all. She lived in a house that would have been the fortune of an artist, and learnt to draw London suburban villas from printed copies. Avice had seen all this before he pointed it out, but, with a • girl's tractability,. had ac quiesced. By constinution she was local to the bone, but Bhe could not escape the tendency of the age. The time for Jocelyn's departure drew near, and she looked forward to it sadly, but serenely, their engagement being now a settled thing. Pearston thought of the local custom on Buch oceasibns, which had prevailed in both his and her family for centuries, both being of the old stock of the isle. The influx of "kimberlins," or "foreigners" (as strangers were called), had led in a large measure to its discontinuance; but underneath the veneer of Avice's education many an old-fashioned idea lay slumbering; and he wondered if, in her natural melancholy at.his leaving, sheexpected any such ceremony as a formal ratification of their betrothal, : according to the precedent of their sires and grandsires. , To scent her views on the point he asked her to meet him in the old Hope Churchyard one evening at seven o'clock. (To be continued. 