THE SORCERESS. By-MBS. OLIPHAJSTT, Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June,si " The Greatest Heiress in England," " Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," " &.dam Graeme," &o.;, &o.; [Published by Bpecial arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter III. Ife was just "two days after the interview in the wood described above that the Kings ward party got under weigh for home, accom panied, I need not gay, by Aubrey Leigh. Bee had not told him of that chance meeting, restrained I do nob know by what indefinite feeling that he would not care to hear of it, and also by the sensation that she had as good as" told the lady, who was so very disagreeable and impertinent as to laugh, what change had taken place in Aubrey's sentiments and what ehe had herself to do with that change. It was so silly; oh, so silly of her! and yet she had Baid nothing or next to nothing; and there was no reason why she should not have said whatever she pleased now that the engagement was fully acknowledged and known; indeed, if that woman were in any society at all she must have heard of it, seeing that as Bee was aware, not without pleasure—it had afforded a very agreeable diversion to the floating com munity, a pleasant episode in the tittle-tattle of the gardens and the wells. Bee had no absurd objection to being talked of. She knew that in her condition of life, which was so en tirely satisfactory as a condition, everything that concerned a family was talked over and universally known It was a thing inevitable to a certain position and a due homage of society to its members. But somehow she did not mention it to Aubrey, nor, indeed, to anyone, which was a very unusual amount of reticence. She did not even give him the sketch though it was finished. She had been quite grateiul for that person's hints at the time and eagerly had taken ad vantage of them to improve her drawing, but it seemed to her, when she looked at it now, that it was not her .. adK/that: the other hand was so visible in it tnatTtwould be almost disnoneso to can it hers. This, of course, was wholly fantastic, i for even supposing that person to have given valuable hints ehe had never touched the sketch and Bee alone had carried them out. But, anyhow, her heart sickened at id and she thrust it away at the very bottom of the box that j Moulsey was packing. She had no desire to see the horrid thing again. In a day or two, however, Bee had altogether forgotten that interview in the wood. She had so many other things to occupy her mind. There were few railways in those days, and the party had a long way to travel before they came to Cologne, where that method of travel ling began. They all felt* that common life would recommence there and their delightful wandering would be over. In the meantime there was a long interval of pleasure before them. The early breakfast at the hotel in the first hours of the autumnal morning, the fun of packing every one away in the big coach, the books to be brought out to fill up corners, both of time and space, and "Murray" —then alone in his glory with'no competitive \- American, no Badaeker, no Joanne to share his reign—spread out open at the right place, so that mamma inside should be able to lay her finger at once upon any village or castle that struck her—and above all the contrivances to be carried out for securing the banquette, as Bee said, " for ourselves," made a lively begin ning. Charlie and Betty sometimes managed to seoure this favorite place if the attention of the others flagged for a moment, and though mamma generally interposed with a nod or a Whisper to restore it to the privileged pair, sometimes she was mischievous too and con sented to their deprivation, and desired them fpr once .to keep her company inside. She generally, however, repented of this before the day was over and begged that their favorite seat might be restored to them. they are really no fun at all," the poor lady said. " I might as well have two images from Madame Tussaud's." It had been a little hard upon Anbrey at the moment of their departure to find half the garrison round the carriage and bouquets enough, to fill a separata vehicle thrust into every corner, the homage of those warriors to gracious ladies. He had been very cross and had made a great exhibition of himself, especially when Captain Kreutzner's faggot of torgefc-me-nots tied with a ribbon like that on Bees hat had been presented with indescri bable_ looks. What did the fellow mean by bringing forget-me-nots? He wanted to pitch is out of- the window as soon as they were fairly"started. tIILWhati an idiotic custom," he cried. fck6 fo°'s think you want with such loads of flowers when you are starting on a joarney ?" it is just then you do want them," cried Betty, who had a dozen or so to her own snare, ' to smell Bweet and show us how much oar friends think of us." ,, They will not smell sweet very long; and "im what will your friends think of you?" Ba*|the.aagry. lover. rwii P°ssible that Bee was detaching a uttie knot of the blue flowers to put in her Waistband_ ? Bee, Bee ! his own property, who ~a tio right so much as to louk at another man b flowers! And what did she do, seeing wm aloud upon his face, but arrange another JtWe bouquet^ which with her sweetest Bmile infi.- coquette—she endeavored to put ntohis, Aubrey's, buttonhole! He snatched nem out of her hand in a sort of fury. "Do of0 meneV0r to forget that heavy brute ,t a German?" he cried in his indignation. A*Ra may put him near your heart, but I mould like to kick him !" These very natural Bentimenta made Bee laugh—which she was ruel todo, but then poor Captain Kreutznerhad r® slotted out of her life some time ago and f1 late, and had really no right what flnm Present her with these particular His lovely bouquet with its blue J*?011 given to a girl in the first village of Tk 8n^ ,fc^e s'rh more furious jealousy another swain who was less easily appeased 7i r6y< but this ricochet was not thought m by the first and principal pair. perhaps so many remarkable thrr,?re^. ¥ toat journey as if it had been There were great plains to _n , J8® *here the chief sights were cottages loads women S0lnK by with great +ho;_ v. ,'r6Bhly cut grass full of flowers on —nr fodder for the home- dwelling cow Dole. oa^ying their hops clinging to the WnJ? Picked at home, or long straggling £ven;iVf th® .tobacco Plant, 2nd in tfal and n? v Postilion would whip up his horses munoci, ^.e -to ^6 banquette or John, the which +v¥l111 toe rumble, tootle upon a horn, hefni-Q former had acquired clandestinely thrramh o £acty Be(l out—as toey dashed winilni « le 01 bttle town with lighted bf tho^ ?.rdLDg them many a flying peep those tranquil pl^es; rest snrnf 'P'ddle of the day they stopped to to ho e' wbere the invariable veal was than the some Guest-house, a little better: village nt/w?Ula'-IT' wb0fe perhaps a bigger aorom a fltrt ^ aiI i6a bigh-peaked roofs I lotted into stream, and at night . ■ , , to an old walled town with shadowy centurvTnd h belonEed the fourteenth time ^ nofc changed a whit since that t he J^ere th6y stayed a day or two, varying • confinement) of the coach..to.-a course. through everything that was to be seen, setting out in a party through the roughly-paved streets, but parting company before long, so that Aubrey and Bee would find themselves alone in the shelter of a church or in an in significant corner by the walls while the others pursued their sight seeing conscientiously. '■ As for me, what I like is the general aspect," said Bee with an air of superiority. "I don't care to poke into every corner; and Aubrey knows the history, which is the chief thing." "Are they talking all the time of the history ?" said Betty, overawed. But this, perhaps, was not the opinion of Charlie and mamma. No; they did not care very much for the history. People are bad travellers in that stage of life. They are too much interested in their own history. They went about like a pair of Philistines through all these ancient streets talking of nothing but the things of to-day. The most serious part of their talk was about the home in the depths of England in which they were henceforth to spend their lives. Aubrey had ideas about re furnishing, about making everything new. It would be impossible to tell the reader how bad was the taste of the time and- with what terrible articles of furniture he proposed to replace the spindle legs and marquetry of his grandfathers. But then these things were the fashion and supriosed to be the best things of the time. To hear them talking of sofas and curtains and of the color for the boudoir and the hangings of the drawing-room in the midst of_ all those graceful old places was incon ceivable. You would have said the stupidest, unimpressionable pair, talking of ugly modern English furniture, when they should have been noting tha old world of Nuremberg—the un changing "mediaeval city. But you must re member that the furniture was only a symbol for their love and their new life and all the blessedness of being together and the endless delights of every day. The sofas and the cur tains meant the Vita Nuova and the refurnish ing of the old house a beautiful fabric of all the honor and the joy of life. Then came the great river and the progress down its shining stream and between those beautiful banks, where again they made several pauses to enjoy the Ecenery. The Rhine is not now the river it was then. It was still the great river of romance in those days—Byron had been there, and the young people remem bered Roland and his tower, with his love in the white convent opposite • and felt a shudder at the thought of the Lorelei a3 they floated under the high and gloomy bank. I doubt, however, whether the lovers thought much even of these things. They were busy just now aboub tne gardens, wnicn nee was iuiiy minded to remodel and fill with everything that was new and delightful in the way of flowers. " I shall have masses of color about the terrace and every spob cowered. I wonder which you like best, majolica vases or rustic baskets?" Bee was saying when her mother aalled her to point oub the Platz and Bishop Hatto's tower. "Oh yes, mamma, it's very pretty. But you like clematis, Aubrey, for the balustrade— to wind in and out of the pillars. Yes, yes, I can see it well enough. I like every kind of clematis, even the common one, the traveller's joy—and it would hang down, you know, over that old bit of wall you told me of. Do go forward, Aubrsy, and let them see you are taking an interest. I do see it all quite well and it is very romantic, and we are quite en joying it I can assure you, mamma." This was how they made their way down stream. In the moonlight nights they ceased to talk of practical matters and went back to the little history of their loves. " Do you remember, Bee, that first time in the wood " " Oh, Aubrey, don't you recollect that drive corning back in the dark—before I knew " " Bus you always did know from the very beginning, Bee?" ""Well, perhaps I suspected—and used to think "You darling, what did you think?—and did you really care—as early as that ?" They went on like this whatever^happened outside, giving a careless glance at the heights, at the towers, at the robbers' castle above and the little villages below; not so much as look ing at them and yet remembering them ever after, enclosing the flow of their young lives, as it were, in that strong flowing of the Rhine, noting nothing and yet seeing everything with the double sight which people possess at the highest moments and crisis of their career. They came at length to Cologne, where tbis enchanted voyage was more or less to end. To be sure they were still to be together, but only in the railway with all the others round them, hearing more or less what they said. They said good-bye to the Rhine with a little senti ment, a delightful little sadness full of pleasure. " Shall we ever be so happy again ?" said Bee with a sigh. "Oh, yes, my sweet, a hundred times, and happier and happier," said the young man, ilDtl ttiiUS LUey Worrs oeouvod it woe to bo. I don't think any of them ever forgot that arrival at Cologne. They came into sight of the town just in the evening when the last glow of sunset was still burning upon the great river, but lights beginning to show in the windows and glimmering reflected in the water. The cathedral was not completed then and a crane like some strange weird animal stood our against the sky upon the top of the tower. The hotel to which they were going had a covered terrace upon the river with lights gleaming through the green leaves. They decided they would have their tabJe there and dine with all that darkling panorama before their eyes through the veil of the foliage, the glowing water, the boats moving and passing, with now and then a raft coming down from the upper stream, and the bridge of boats opening to give passage to a fuming fretting steamboat. Aubrey and Bee went hand in hand up the step3, nobody noticed in the half dark how close they were together. They parted with a close pressure of warm hands. " Don't be long, darling," he said, as they parted; only for a moment, only to prepare a little for the evening, to slip into a fresh dress, to take out a new ribbon, to make one's youthful self as fair as such unnecessary adjuncts per mitted. For what did Aubrey care for a new ribbon ? The only blue he thought of was that in Bee's eyes. I do nob think she was more than ten minutes over these little changes._ She dressed like a flash of lightning, Betty said, who could not find her own things half so quickly, Moul sey being occupied with mamma. Such a short moment not worth counting ! and yet enough, more than enough to change a whole life. Bee ran down as light as air to the sitting room which had been engaged for the party. She felc sure that Aubrey would hurry, too, so as to have a word before dinner, before tbe rest were ready—as if tbe whole day had not been one long word, running through every thing. She came lightly to tbe door of the room in her fresh frock and her blue ribbons, walking on air, knowing no shadow of any obstacle before her or cloud upon the joyful triumphant sky. She did not even hear the sound of the Bubdued voices, the faint little sob, strangest of all sounds at such a moment, which seemed to come out to meet her as she opened the door. Bee opened it, wondering only if Aubrey were there, thinking of some jibe to address to bim about the length of time men took to their toilettes if she happened to be ready first. She was very much startled by what she saw. Her mother, still in her travelling dress, sat by the table with a letter open in her hands. She had not made any preparation for dinner —she, usually so dainty, so anxious to get rid of the cloaks and of the soils of the journey. She had taken off her hat, which lay on the table, but was still enveloped in tb6 shawl which she had put on to keep off the evening chills. As for Aubrey, he was exactly as he bad been when they parted with him, except that all the light had gone out of his face. He was very pale, and. he too had a letter in his hand. He uttered a stifled exclamation when he saw Bee at the door, and lifting his arms as though in protest against something in tolerable walked away to the other end of the room. " Oh, Bee," Eaid Mrs. Kings ward, "oh, go away, my dear, go away ! I mean Get something to eat, you and Charlie and Betty, and then get to bed. Get to bed ! I am too tired to take anything and I am going upstairs at once." "I thought you had been upstairs, mamma, half an hour ago. ' What is the matter ? You look like a ghost, and so does Aubrey. Has anything happened ? Mamma, you won't look at me, and Aubrey turns his back. What have I done? Is it anything about me?" " What nonsense, child !" said Mrs. Kings ward with a pretence at a smile. " What could you have to do with it? We have both —Mr. Leigh and myself—found letters, and we are busy reading them. I am sure the dinner must be served. We ordered it in the balcony, don't you remember? Run away and make Charlie and Betty sit down at once. I am too tired. Moulsev will run down in a little and get something for me." "Mamma," said Bee, "you cannot make up a story. Something has happened, I am sure of it; and it is something about me." "Nonsense, child ! go away and have your dinner. I would come if I could. Don't you see what a budget of letters I have got? and some of them I must answer to-night." " Have you letters too, Aubrey ?" said Bee in her amazement, standing still as she had paused, arrested by the sight of them, just within the door. "Bee, I must beg you will nob pub any questions; go and do what I tell you, your brother and sister will be coming downstairs. Yes, of course, you can see that Mr. Leigh has his letters to read as well as I." " Mr. Leigh ! I wonder if we have all gone mad, or what is the matter ? Aubrey ! tell me, you at least, if mamma won't. Youmust have had a quarrel. Mamma, why do you call him Mr. Leigh?" "Oh, for goodness sake, Bee, go, go, away. "I am nob going away," cried the girL L".You have - had a quarrel about something.. Come, mamma, you must not quarrel with Aubrey—if he has done something wrong or said something silly I will answer for him, he never intended it.' Aubrey, what do you mean, sir, turning your back both on mamma and me 'i Come here, quick, and ask her pardon and say you will never do it again." Poor little Bee's heart was fluttering, but she would not allow herself to believe there was any thing really wrong. She went close up to her mother and stood by her, with her hand upon her shoulder. "Aubrey!" she said, "never mind if you are wrong or not, come and beg mamma's pardon and she will forgive you. There must not—there must not—oh, it is too ridiculous—be anything wrong between mamma and you, Aubrey !" He turned round slowly and faced them both with a face so pale that Bee stopped short with a gasp and could not say a word more. Mrs. Iviugsward had buried her face in her hands. Bee looked from one to another with a dismay which she could not explain to herself. '' Ob, what is the matter ? What is the matter ?" she said. 