Ci)t Hapuntiaf^eralii TUESDAY, MAT 24,1832. THE NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION IN THE COUNCIL. If the meetings of tlie Municipal Council are not conducted with more decorenn than has. characterised the last two or three, the ratepayers will lose confidence in the councillors as a body. That the senior member for North Ward, who has been the inciter of the scenes which have occurred, has not had much in favor of; his actions, is a question that admits of a good deal of doubt. His "Worship the Mayor cannot be held absolutely blameless. His general demeanor is so compromising, and his anxiety to preserve harmony between himself and those with whom he has to treat no in- j tense, that the less careful of councillors have become somewhat intolerant of his diplomacy. Cr. Molony happens to possess a persistency which approaches the irrepressible, and which at times leads him unwisely, so that it has fallen upon, his shoulders to take His "Worship to task upon several matters, which are of more or less importance to the municipal mind. We have no desire to probe old sores, and will not refer specifically to the several incidents which have brought His Worship's well-intended actions into disrepute with certain of the councillors; but the question raised by Cr. Molony on Wednesday evening with reference to his proposition at the iast meeting of the Municipal Association may require a little elucidation in justification of the Mayor's action and Cr. MoJony's position towards it. The " dead locks " referred to occurred in the Kapunda Council bn two occasions when the Mayor's allowance was under discussion. A short time subsequent to the last so-called " dead-lock," which took place at the beginning of the present municipal year in Decem ber last, the matter of providing for cases in which, in the absence of the Mayor a councillor or councillors refuse to take the chair, was introduced to the council by the town clerk (at whose request did not transpire). No formal discussion arose, and while several councillors apparently approved of it, the majority evidently did not, and the suggested amendment of the Act lapsed. Now, while the Mayor, as re , presentative of the council may, as he claimed, have some discretionary I power, it was beyond the limit of dis cretion to suppose that he could, in the name of the council, introduce a motion which was at variance with the j views of some councillors, and which 1 had not been approved of by a majority. Herein was the error of His Worship. A further cause for grievance was the fact that, in his remarks on the business transacted at the Municipal Association, His Wor ship made no mention of his proposed amendment, and yet thought fit to speak of several matters which inter ested practically no one but the city and suburban corporations. Cr. Molony's position was this-that, as the delegate of the council, His Wor ship had not the authority to intro duce an amendment which was the substance of a suggestion made to the council and which was not approved of; and, again, that having introduced it, whether it was accepted or laughed out of court, he should have informed the council of his action. This and the alleged wrongful procedure of i giving Mr. Coles permission to fence off a portion of Light-street for tree planting, in Cr. Molony's judgment was just and sufficient cause for a motion of want of confidence in the council as a body. No greater reasons have often been the downfall of a Government; but members of Parlia ment, in their greatf st folly, ' have drawn the line at voting themselves as undeserving of confidence. Or. Molony mast be inordinately con- ! scientious, or, in his excitement, omitted the proviso exeepting himself from the censure. If his motion were aimed at the Mayor, he adopted a most unusual and unkind course for reaching that dignitary, and the rate payers may have disapproved of it in a way unexpected by him i£ his pro position were put into effect. How ever much the aggrieved councillor may have thought His Worship needed censure, it was a roost uncalled-for reflection upon the dignity of the council and upon the ratepayers who have exhibited no other than implicit confidence in those who represent them. The motion conveying thanks to Mr. Coles for " leaching the council their duty and for not taking advantage of their ignorance" was, no doubt, intended as satire for that gentleman as much as it was for the council. If it were not, it was an absurdity unworthy of the slightest tolerance by intelligent men. Last Wednesday evening's pro ceedings were positively beneath the ! dignity attached to municipal repre sentation, and, were His Worship's actions deserving of such condemna tion, the insult to the council as a whole was not justifiable. But after all, the affair was, perhaps, prompted more by a feeling that something must ; be said tnan that censure was necessary, and in that mood the senior member for North Ward became, as Disraeli once said of Gladstone, " intoxicated by the verbosity of hiaown. loquacity 1" . IiocA.ii runtrsTBY.-The tender of Messrs. H. B. Hawke & Co. has been accepted, by the Railway Commissioners for the supply of 272 switch, boxes-. KAPUNDA HOSPITAL.-The' secretary re ports as follows for the week ending May 22nd, 1892: - Admitted, 3 j discharged, 1; died, 2; remaining ia hospital, 7 HOLIDAT.-To-day is a public holiday in honor of the seventy-second anniversary of the birthday of Her Majesty Queen I Victoria. A football match between the I Kapunda and Gawler South clubs is the only thing in the way of public amusement in Kapunda. Planting BALD HILL.-The Htm. Jenkin Coles having taken up the fence which he erected on Bald Hill, it lias been suggested to us that, as the corporation were think ing of planting trees there, it would be a good plan to utilize the post holes-. A second row. of trees would greatly improve the appearance of the place. LETTER-PILLAB AND LASEP. - Messrs. Coles and White, the members for the dis , triet, have seen the Postmaster-General with reference to placing a letter- pillar and lamp at the corner of Main andCarrington streets, and he has acceded to the request. Not having one in stock, however, he can not place it there immediately. FTEE BRIGADE.-On Monday Superin tendent Booker and Mr. G-. H. Cox, mayor of Gawler, who represents the country corporations on the Fire Brigades Board, were in Kapunda inspecting the local brigade and appliances. The men turned out for a little hydrant drill, and the in spector expressed himself pleased with their smartness and competency. Mr. Booker is of opinion that a man should be constantly at the station on duty. DEATH.-Mr. William Harris, of To thill's Creek, lost his youngest son, Arthur, by death on Wednesday last. The young man, who was 23 years of age, had suffered from a protracted illness. The funeral took place on Friday at the Clare road Cemetery, and was well-attended. The Rev. Mr. Parkinson (Primitive Metho dist), of Saddleworth, read the customary service for the dead, and hymns were sung, several of the Kapunda Bible Christian choir leading. The deceased being a mem ber of the Loyal Kapunda Lodge of Odd fellows, the funeral service of that order was conducted by Jf.G. H. B. Barker and Secretary H. J. Truscott. HILL-STREET BAPTIST Chitbck.-.The services celebrating the anniversary of Hill-street Baptist Church were conducted on Sunday by the Rev. W. Jones, of Glen Osmond. The congregations were largo especially that in the evening. In accord ance with the kindly custom which has existed between the Baptist and Congrega tional churches in Kapunda for years, the latter church was closed on Sundav evening to enable its adherents to attend, and the spacious building was nearly filled. Mr. Jones's text was Acts xi., 24-" For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith"-and from it evolved a practical, -J nteresting address, full of proverbial say r g 3 and original similes illustrative of the deal Christian life and its comparison -with insincerity and ungodliness. The celebra tion will be continued to-day by a tea and public meeting. ROBBERY.-Mr. and Mrs. J. Provis, who live on Clare-road, -went to Adelaide on Tuesday, having securely locked the hoilse before their departure. On their return on Wednesday evening Mr. Pi*ovis found that the door lock had been tampered with and he was unable to\ulock the dOOr. He effected an entrance through a window, when he discovered that the door had been unlocked, and that the small thumb-bar at the bottom of the lock Was pushed out. The visitors must have left the house by way of the window. The house did not appear to have been disturbed, but a little later in the evening Mrs. Provis went to a Small box, and found that a Wedding ring and a lady's dress ring set with, pearls tad been abstracted. Information has been given to the police. A SAD FATALITY TO A FooTBAMl Team. -A team of fifteen footballers played a match.. 011 the coast between Mornington and Mordiealloe, "Victoria, on Saturday. They left for home just about dusk in a large boat carrying racing sails. Tha young men not-having returned during the night a search party went out on Sunday morning, and they found the boat upset, with the body of one young- man entangled in the rigging. At the time the telegraphic news was transmitted three bodies had been recovered. It is supposed that a . heavy squall, which swept over the bay about the time of tha return voyage, must have capsized the boat. Intense excite ment prevails at Mornington, as the fatality has taken away neatly the whole of the young men o£ the place. KAPTOTOA INSTITUTE.-The adjourned meeting of the-institute committee was held on Friday evening, when there were present ' Messrs. A. Palmer (in the chair), T. E. Powell, A. Holloway, A- W. Bayment, J. Packer, W. Ritricfe, TL J>. Nock, Dr. Glynn, and Revs. A- GL Fry and H- BL Teague. The business of the meeting- was the con sideration of the free admission of the public to the reading-room, and a protracted i and warm discussion was indulged in. Mr. Packer moved that the reading-rooms be opened to the-public daily from 1 to 2 p.m. , and on Saturdays from 7 to 9 p.m. This was seconded by Mr. Teague. An amend ment was submitted by Mr. Patrick, . seconded.by Mir. Powell, that the reading [ room be opened to- the pniblic from 10 a.m. ! to 9 pjn» After some discussion, the 1 proposition and amendment were- with t drawn. A proposition, moved by Mr, . Bayment,and seconded by Mr.HoUoTCay,that r adults be admitted to the reading-room for a subscription of 10s. per year was carried, but a proposition, by Mz. Bayment seconded by Mr. Holloway, that the sub scription! to the library alone be 10s. per ? year was lost, as also was a further proposition for the- free- admission, of the public to the-reading-room, moved bjr Mr. Bayment and. seconded by Mr. PowelL The question of the admission of the public to the reading-room, thusremains unsettled, bnt an inducement for them- to become subscribers to the room is held out by the halfi-sub acription. o£ 10s. per year.. 