Notes and Anticipations. ,. (BY ." MAETINDALE.") . Tho attraction this (Saturday) afternoon will be the August meeting at Rosehill, which promises to he moro interesting than usual, and in addition to the ordinary events, visitors will have the opportunity of witnessing the first 2-year-old contest of the season. The handicaps promise fair sport, and aro suro to be contested by numerous fields. For the Cambrian Handicap I . much like the chance of Wild Bird, who should now have thoroughly learnt his business. In the Hurdle Race, Rosehill must again take no end"of beating, while Assayer looks to have a fair chance in the August Handicap, and Blue Gown may Beoure tho Welter Mile. Tho Sapling Stakes is a difficult race to pick, but a trio that should run well aro Texim, Budgery, and Pharamond. At a general meeting of the Grota Jockey Club, held on August ll, Mr. M. Yates was elected president, vice Mr. E. Dixon (resigned), and Mr. J. A. Campbell, vice-president. Mr. W. Bampton was elected secre tary and treasurer. It was decided to oanvaBS the district to olear off tho debt (¿813) owing to the olub. Another meeting will shortly be held with reduce d prizes. Though thero is a falling off in the list of ontrios for the minor events of tho forthcoming A. J.C. Bpring mtfoting compared with last pear, the total of G97 is a good one. The events in which a decrease is Bhown aro Hurdle Race, Trial Stakes, Spring Stakes, Shorts, Grand Stand Plate, Spring Maiden Stakes, Squatters' Handicap, Second Hurdle Race, Craven Plato, Sub urban Handicap, Wycombe Stakes, Soiling Plate, . Steeplechase, and Randwick Plato ; while those ex hibiting an increase are the Kensington Handicap, Sydney Handicap. Members' Handicap, and Final Handicap, tho entrants for the Waverley Handicap hoing equal in number to those of the preceding year. The lists for the various events dosed as nnder: Hurdle Race, 29; Trial Stakes, 35; Spring StakeB, 22 ; Kensington Hanaicap, 57; Shorts, 46; Grand Stand Plate, 20 j Spring Maiden Stakes, 23; Squatters' Handicap, 64 ; Second Hurdle Raoe, 34 ; Craven Plate, 17 ; Suburban Handicap, 62 ; Wycombe Stakes, 32 ; Sydney Handicap, 44 ; Soiling Plate, 28 ; Members' Handicap, 43 ; Steeplechase, 27 ; Waverley Handicap, 38 ; Randwick Plate, 18 ; and Final Handi cap, 58. As usual there is a very poor lot from Vic toria, the few nominations mado being chiefly to tho jumping races. The leading handicaps, however, have como well out of tho ordeal of the first forfeits, SI having been left in the Epsom Handicap and 53 in tho Metropolitan. The spring meeting in connection with the Tam worth Jockoy Club is announced to be held on Ootober o and 6. An attractive programme has been issued. . Attains has been soratohed out of the Epsom Han dicap. The well-known Maitland trainer and jookey, John IRoarty, had a narrow escape from serious injury on ÍAugust 10. He was dressing Commissioner, when he ashed out and caught Roarty over the eye, inflicting ah ugly gash. Roarty fortunately was too olosé up to the horse, and did not get the full weight of his Jboofa. A writer in. a New Zealand paper states that it wa3 anticipated that John Bae would have left for Sydney last we»k with Quadrant, Morion, and Company, but evidently something Cropped up to bring about an alteration in the Spring programmo, for he did not take passage ; and it is rumored that he is unlikely to do so. It is anticipated that tho forthcoming two" days' meeting to be held at Newcastle on September 24 and 26 will be one of the best that has taken place forbears on the excellent northern course. It will clash with nothing of the legitimate order in the metropolis, so that southern owners will be free to nominate. The programme is made up with a dozen events as fol lows : Hurdle Bace, of 60 sovs, about 2\ miles ; Disposal Stakes, of 50 BOVB, 6 furlongs; September Handicap, of 70 sovs, 1 mile; Park Stakes, of 30 eovs, 6 furlongs ; Welter Handicap, of 40 sovs, 7 furlongs. Second day: Second Hurdle Euee, of 50 sovs, about 2i miles ; Auotion Stakes, of 40 SOVB, 7 furlongs; Miners' Handioip, of 70 BOVB, 1 mile 1 furlong; Sovereign Stakes, of 30 sovs, 6 furlongs; Final Handicap,.of 40 sovs, 7 furlongs. The general entry closes on September 5. Loefflor, the famous horse dentist of Newmarket, England, has lost his reason. It appears that the Orme case and Hopper'8 recent Buioide have preyed on his mind with pitiable result. Ho became rambling in talk, and threatened violence to himself and others. Eecently ho was taken, bound hand and foot, before the Newmarket magistrates Bitting in private, and 'after medical testimony had been givonhe was ro moved to Suffolk County Asylum, at Melton, near .Ipswich, by train. According to "Phaeton," the 29 youngsters whioh this year grace the celebrated Wellington Park (N.Z.) establishment are undoubtedly a very even lot. In his first season at the stud nuder tho sunny skies of Maoriland, it must bo admitted that tho imported horse Castor has acquitted himself with flying colors ; and no moro powerful evidence- as to the character of Hotohkiss's gets could be obtained than that Mr. Morrin is determined this season to play even a stronger card on the son of Musket and Pétroleuse The yearlings all show tho effects of that care and attention whioh ia so marked a feature in the youngsters rearod at Wellington Park ; and as con tinual handling is wisely made a prominent feature in. their foalhood, we see the result m boautiful tempers and tractable animals, which must combine to lighten tho task of trainers very considerably when thc time arrives for the youngsters to undertake their educa tion for the racecourse. Bowe's Tattersalls Club has no liabilities, while it has a balance on hand of ¿61287 12s lOd. Tho new members elooted on the committee, at the annual meeting held last week, were Messrs. W. Maher, J. Groy and J. Levy. ' I nave to acknowledge the reoeipt of tho first num ber of tho " Now Zealand Centaur. It is publishod in Auokland, and in addition to the performances and pedigrees of the horses nominated in the New Zealand Cup, it gives such a quantity of other information that it is a very cheap shilling's worth. In thc AUSTRALASIAN appears a full list of the past soason's winning sires. Writing on tho subjeot, ".Bibbleden " states that Chester occupies the lead ing position among the winning sires of the past season, his stock having won no less than ¿613,391 ; but Nordenfeldt, thanks chiefly to the gallant deeds of Strathmore, Zalinski and Company, is not far be hind Kirkham's glory with ¿612,019 to his credit. Third on the list is Marvel's siro, Marvellous, whose produoe won np fewer than 61 races, worth altogether ¿611,159. .Malua (¿610,507) owes his prominence al most solely to Malvolio'a triumph in the Melbourne Cup. Newminster. (¿69554) has done well, and Grandmaster and Eobinson Crusoe aro in close com pany with ¿68647 and ¿68303 respectively. Neokorsgat (¿67064) has well maintained the reputation of the Morphettville stud, and the lamented St. Albans (¿65871) occupies a creditable placo in tho list. The produoe of Goldsbrough, Eiohmond, Somnus, and Grand Flaneur has credited eaoh sire with over ¿64000 ; and Splendor (¿03810) has attained a worthy place. Tho siro represented by tho largest number of winners was The Assyrian, 28 of his produoe having won 72 races, yielding a gain of ¿63703. Marvellous was credited with 61 races, and BO was Sunrise, who, considering the small chances he has had, has done wonderfully well. A friendly correspondent at Wagga informs me that there are located in the Wagga district close upon a dozen excellent sires, who it would bo hard to beat in tho way of breeding. Amongst them aro Oudeis, Sir Oliver, Bengal, Larrikin, Biragambil, Tormentor, Mullyan, Warlock, Don Giovan, and In vermay. He also states that tho coming Bpring meeting of tho Murrumbidgee Turf Club promises to be a suocoss, as there are quito a number of local horses in work, and tho training tracks and course are in capital order. It may not bo out of place to state that entries for tho Wagga Cup, Town Plate, Hurdle and Steeplechase, close on September 17. ? No fault could bo found with tho attendance ai Warwick Farm last Saturday, as it was fully up to the standard and the sport to expectation." In town many thought that they had gained an amount of knowledge relative to more than one event whioh was sure to enrich them to a good amount, They must have returned home very much disappointed, as the calculations of the mos! astute individuals -were considerably upset. " The afternoon was_ got - through . in. a most satisfac tory manner, as thoro were no accidents anda total absence of investigations, while tho only fines recpr: ded wore against Mr. Oxonham for running Mulgrove in wrong colors and ¿610 against W. Delaney for dis obedience ..at the post. The presence of the Smith field gelding Siberian in tho Hurdle Eaoe was quite sufficient for the publia to back him, and as tho owners followed suit he was sent out favorite at 3 to 1\. Though he looked well, Siberian ran in a most disappointing manner and finished out of a place. The running was principally made by Bonnie Lad, but ho could not stay the journey out and was boaten half a mile from home, at whioh point Eoschill put in a strong claim and won comfort ably from Little Tommy and Tatta. In the paddock prior to tho race, the brown gelding Edison, by Pro gress from Lady Elizabeth, running in Mr. Gardiner's colors, was a strong tip. He was, however, an utter failure, and finished last. Of the "baker's dozen" which Ashworth handed over to the starter for the Flying Stakes, tho ultimate winner, Mulgrove, ruled ai favorite in tho paddock at 2 to 1. Handled well by Billy Delaney, he won, but with nothing to spare, from Studbook, while Othmar finished a fair third. Mulgrove, who is by. Sardonyx from Cerise and Blue, haB been located in Victoria for Borne timo, and only recently returned. The keenest contest witnessed during tho afternoon was that for the Selling Eaoe between the stable companions Lady Lovel (who went out a 7 to 4 on favorite) and Southerly Buster, with Hugo. Early in the race it looked a certainty for Lady Lovel, but Hugo got her at it in the laßt furlong, where Southerly Buster also joined in and won by a neok from . Lady Lovel. The winner was bought in at ¿650^ which went to the club funds. Holders of horses in the sweep got np on the August Handicap could not have.been of a communicative nature, as the. scratching pen was freely used, the starters numbering 18 out of the 32 nominated. Betting -was not over brisk upon it either, as only three horses were backed for money, as low as 5 to 2 being taken about Boundabout. This was not on account of his public but private form, talcs of a wonderful gallop being spread around. He finished nowhere, the winner being the Goldsbrough Mambourne horse. Cardoness, who won with some thing to spare from Gaytime, who had everything oise beaten, while the little filly Blue and Gold finished a decent third. The programme conoluded with a wolter, run at G furlongs, which wa3 put down as a likely win for Mr. Tom Brown's Michigan. Mat Harris had the mount, but the colt did not run up to expectation. The win was a veritable surprise, aB a chestnut son of the famous old Viva (Enoore) won comfortably from Cynthia. Both wore almost unbacked. The winner is by Coulston, and trained by Mr. Harry Baynor, who prepared his* dam. Lord Bundoora, by Marquis from Lurline, having been purchased by Mr. H. Chisholm, of Wollogorang, will do stud duty in the Goulburn distriot during the coming season. That Redleap's winning of the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase was received with great enthu siasm last Saturday ono can well believe. To carry 13at 121b over four miles and beat a fair field is a feat that has never been equalled in Australia, if in any part of tho world. Then again he was favorito, and even tho bookmakers could not have begrudged the son of Dante his win. That Redleap is the best horse wo have ever seen at oross country business thoro is not the shadow of a doubt, and well worthy to havo his name placed alongside that other equine wondor, Carbine Mr» Godfrey Watson mado a great effort to beat him on his own horse, Boulevard, but he was not capable of doing so ; and it is worthy of noto that in this memorable event tho first and sooond horses were piloted by amateur riders, Mr.W. S. Cox as usual being up on Redleap. The New Zealander, Freeman, was a moderate third. Thia race has Bottled all the argu ments with respect to the late V.R.C. Grand National, many thinking that had Freeman hot met with a mis hap m that race that he would have beon very close if not beaton the winner. Taken right through, tho" books" must have had a bad time of it on Saturday at Caulfield, as tho favorites wore well to the front in the prinoipal events. It was to bo expected that Mog, after nor form of laßt wook at Geelong, would be supported by the publio for tho Sapling Stakes. She was sent out favorite at 5 to 4, and won easily from Zoph and Baltic The Grand National Hurdle Race was also won by the favorite, Tim Swiveller, who was baoked down to 5 to 2. That the backers were justified in taking tho prioe was shown by the fact that he won in a canter from the Ballarat trained horse, Havilah, and the ex- Queonslander, Buttons. Odds of 6 to 4 were laid on Yarmon for the Selling Race, but it failed to get a plaoe, the St. Albans can- j didate, Thought, getting homo several lengths in j front of the anoient Hogmanay. The majority of¡ the publio's money went on the Sydney horse, The Swell, for the Balaolava Stakes, his starting price being 4 to 1, while a point longer was accepted about Villiers, who ran well, finishing second to Graduate, while The Swell was out of a place. The old course at Adelaide was the soene last Saturday of the contest for tho Grand National Hurdle Race in connection with the Adelaide Race Club's Meeting. Old Ellerslie was installed favorite for it, but the pace was made too merry for the old fellow by The Actress, who was, however, beaten in tho run home by Leroy, the Becond favorite. A sen sational dividend of7¿8,75 10s was paid over tho Wel ter Handicap,' won by Bravo. The first event for 2-year-olds, entitled the Fulham Park Plate, was won by a colt called The Gardener, by Gang Forward from Artichoke, beating the favorite, Hortensius, hy Neckersgat from tho onoo famous Hortense. . The committee of-tho Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club have decided to hold a race meeting on Ootober 1. Tho stranglos has been playing serious havoc amongst the yoarlings at Turanville, no less than eight having died within the past month. According to the report the Deniliquin Jockey Club havo- done very well during the past*'season, the balance-sheet showing a profit of ¿640. The com mittee elected for the ensuing year was as follows : Messrs. J. W. and A. J. M'Laren, 0. Wilshire, Jaa. Watson, W. Mackenzie, C. 0. M'Cullooh, Carmichael, W. R. Virgoe, Noyes, J. S. Braim, J. Broughton, Kil patrick, R. W. M'Laurin, and A. M'Colloughl. Tho half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of tho Illawarra Raoing Club was held on August 12. when tho balance-sheet presented showed a loss of ¿890 for the last six months. Tho company have expended ¿8364 Bince its formation, principally in the way of improvements. A two days' meeting was fixed to take place in October. The vacancies on tho direc tor's list wero filled by Messrs. G.. M'Paul and M. Tynan. According to the annual report presented to the members of the Auckland Racing Club, it has done fairly well during the past season, despite the bad weather which prevailed. Tho added money given away at the six meetings held was ¿69785, against ¿87385 the previous year. At those six meetings tho amount of money put through tho totalisator was ¿867,191. The chairman in moving the adoption of the report stated that the balance-sheet showed a balanoe of ¿61026 14s 6d. This added to the surplus of laat year's aocounts, viz., ¿615,475 9s 5d, gives » total of ¿816,502 3a lld, which sum, after doduotmg ¿8712 Os 7d, being the amount expended on grand stand, working plant, new paddock, furniture, fenc ing, racecourse, leaves the surplus of assets over liabilitios, of ¿615,790 Ss 4d, a result on which the club must be .congratulated. A remarkable feat of horsemanship is reported as haying taken place at the recent Epsom Races (Victoria). It occurred in the contest for the Hun ters' Steeplechase, in which D. Brewer rode Cornet, who fell six or sevon furlongs from home, throwing his rider some distance. Brewer quickly picked him Bolf up, remounted the horse on the off side, securing the rems after the horse was in motion, and rapidly overhauled the others. The reins were crossed, and the stirrups became entangled and could not be utilised. Nothing daunted, Brewer pressed on, and, though the horse Btruok ono of the four remaining fences pretty heavily, tho rider was not shifted, and getting up with the leaders at the turn Cornet eventually won by a length and a half. The horse and his rider received rounds ot applause on return ing, to the weighing enclosure. - The New Zealand Grand National Steeplechase was run. at Christchurch on August ll, and was won by Ahua, with Norton second, and Magpie third. Time. 7min 42seo. Two jockeys, named Charles James and William Cameron, sustained concussion of tho brain by falls in the Hurdle Race at Wyndham (V.), on August ll, while riding Hands Down and Vengeance II. respec tively. They now lie in a oritioal condition in Mel bourne Hospital. A two days' meeting, to be held at Tamworth on Ootober 5 and 6, has been registered by the A. J.O. The gelding Epigraph, who broke his fetlock while contesting in a raoe at Canterbury Park on August 1, has been destroyed. According to "Cranbrook," like all the progeny pf Meg Morriliea, hex daughter Meg is possessed of the gift of galloping, and the -way she won at Geelong waa a caution. This filly is as qniet aa the prover bial sheep, and showed none of that bad tem per so noticeable in her Bisters Maddelina and The Shrew. Without a doubt the finest looking youngster which sported silk in the Geelong Firat * Two-year-old Stakes was Zeph, the half-sister to Magic Circle. Zeph is, I fancy, just a trifle longer on the leg than her illustrious relative, Lonsdale, whom she much resembles " on top," and, judging by appearances, weight should not trouble her when she gets set. Despite the oft repeated cry that the totalisatoi kills racing, the leading clubs in Adelaide appear to be doing very well. At the annual meeting of the Adelaide Baoing Club the chairman congratulated the members on tho sound position, and the report showed "the revenue from all sources for the past season has been ¿613,025, being an increase of ¿6305 on the amount received last year. The club has paid away in stakes ¿67579, aa against ¿66770 paid last year, an inorease of ¿8809, and is able to Bhow a profit at each of the meetings, notwith standing the inclement weather during the Birthday Meeting. Since the club was formed in January, 1889, to June, 1892, they have given in stakes the Bum of ¿621,994, and expended in improvements ¿65232, salaries and wages ¿64466, on course and track ¿61516, i and tho various charities have received ¿61142, thus in three and a half years they have expended no less I than the Bum of ¿634,350." From Hobartville comes the information that the imported mare Terrara has slipped twin foals. She was stinted to Marvellous. ' ; The 2-ycar-old colt by Marvellous from Ethel, who ! was raffled last Monday at Newcastle, was won by. Mr. Fisher, of Brandon. Tho colt looks a good one.. Beady Money and Ganmain aro the names' bestowed - upon the colts by Guinea- Morceau and Sunrise Dorothy. . A steeplechase horse called The Ghost, hy Oakhill from a Snowden mare, has gone into Tom Luckey's ; stable at Bosohill. Mr. S. C. Burt, who once held the position of hon. BOO. to the A.J.C., and also took part in founding Tat tersalls Cub, died on August 9. The following lots found purchasers at the 13th annual salo held by Messrs. W. Inglis and Son: : Thoroughbred stallion Donovan, by Julian Avonal i Mr. J. Dawson, 21gs; trotting stallion, Brown Shales, ! by Flying Shales from a mare by Phantor-Mr. J. Malone, 150gs ; trotting stallion, Tho Duke, by Ver mont, jun. (imp.)-Mr. W. E. Walmsley, 70gs ; coach ing stallion, Young Lord Bacon, by Lord Bacon from BOBS-Mr. J. Fitzgerald, 50gs ; coaching colt, by Lord John (imp.) from a Trump Card mare, 3 years-Mr. J. Lawson, 30gs; trotting stallion! Sinistor, sire by Dexter-Mr. H. Kenny, SOgs ; ooaohing colt, by Lord John from Bonny, 3 years-Mr. B. Campbell, 40gs ; coaching colt Jupiter, by Master John (by Lord John, imp.) from a Trump Card mare-Mr. J. Keenan, 53igs ; roadster colt, by Cook Bobin-Mr. B. Campbell, 40ga ; ooaohing colt, by Lord John (imp.) from Duohoss, 1 year 8 months-Mr. B. Campbell, 13gs j draught colt, Pride of Maldon, by Pride of Pioton, 8 years Mr. J. Lawson, 23gs. Good field« were the order of the day at tho Moore field pony and galloway raco meeting on August ll. Baokors opened well whon they selected Hephzibah for. tho opening event, the Tempe Handicap. To lay 6 to 4 on in a field of ll was ampio ovidonoe that her party thought thoy had more than an ordinary chance, and Buch proved to bo tho case, as she won almost with out an effort from Esoapo. Tho favorito (Soloane) was fortunato to got home in tho Blakehurst Handi cap, as it was only in the last couplo of strides that she got alongside Sligo, after leading him, and won by a head. An excellent field of 13 faced tbe flag for tho Galloway Handicap, ran at a mile and a quarter. Shamrock was picked out by the public as having a good chance, 2 to 1 being freely taken about him. He was, however, beaten half a milo from homo, and finished out of a place. The winner turnod up in Con stance, who outstayed Le Boy, and won comfortably at the finish. The time, 2min 14seo, tolla that the galloways aro not far below our horses, seeing that 2min. 12soo stood as a record for tho distance in Australia for many years. Ethol, the winner of tho Pony Handicap, was not backed for a groat amount, and beat tho 5 to 4 on favorito Ena and Buttorcup cleverly at the finish. Tho Wolter Handi cap wound up tho proceédings, and was productive of an excellent race, and the dofeat of the even money favorite Hephzibah by the topweight Dosey, a faot mainly duo to tho excellent horsemanship of that capable jockey, Jaok Fielder. Taken right through, the sport was first-olass ; and, with the exception of one most glaring case of "shunting" in the Pony Handicap, everything passed off in a most satisfac tory manner. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Company sold the Bun doora Park stud of thoroughbred horses on August 10\. 156 lots were catalogued. Somo went exceed ingly oheap, while others realised fair prices. Lord Bundoora, 260gs, purchased by H. Chisholm ; Loyal stone, HOgs, A. Miller ; Badient, 105gs, J. D. Ormond, of Now Zealand; and Silvermine, 110gs,J. O. Inglis, were the highest figures. " Trumpator " states one afternoon lately he wit nessed Mr. Crozier's horses have a gallop. The 2-year olds, Hortensius, Fairfield, and Caloola, cantered tho Fulham Park Plate _distanoe twico, and then Hor tensiusand Fairfield galloped the distanoe in 46èsoo. The chestnut's fore action is anything but taking; but he stuck to his work and finished with Hortensius. i The son of Hortense moves beautifully, and could havo made tho time faster. Later on I Vakeel, Covenant, Jack BobinBon, and Pascarelle j were stretched .out for a mile, which they did [ comfortably in lmin 52Jseo, the four finishing to gether. These colts look well, and finer looking 3-yoar-olds than Vakeel, Pascarelle, and Jack Bobin- . son it would be hard to find. Later on Germaine beat Woodnymph and Patterson's young odes, and ran the distance in 46soo. Forrester, who won the Hurdle Baces at Orroroo ia a veritable veteran, he and Tancred who started at tho meeting being 18 yeara of age. Poor little Tan cred after all he has done for his owners might well have boon pensioned off before now. There Bhould be very little trouble in finding a purchaser for the brown horse Stromboli, by Chester from Etna, who, having gone amiss, has been placed in Mr. Clibborn'a hands for private aale. Tho publication of the weights on Monday last for the County Purse and Hawkesbury Grand Handicap came as a welcomo Burprise. The date put down for the publication was August 29, which would have boen very unfair to owners, seeing that the aocept ances fall due the next day. Tridentine heads the Hst in both races, 9at 81b being her weight in the County Puree. With that she would have a good chance if started. Shamrook, 8at 91b, ia also fairly treated, and the same may be aaid of Bendigo, Quicksilver, and Sunbeam. If Fielder could get Bover back to anything like his old form, he would be very troublesome. Miles Standish is another that no fault can be found with, while of the others S plendalia and Lucinda may he the beat.^ Among the latest arrivals at Randwick ia tb.' famous mare Tridentine, who looks well. Beta als«. put in an e-nnparance in company with her. In the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap. Tridentine is weighted at 9at 31b, whioh is quite within her power. Pippin at Sst reads well, also Dan O'Connor at 51b less, and Zealandia at Cst 121b. li Daredevil is any good, 6st 111b will not stop him, while Eover, Proctor, Killaloe, and Boa! Lace should run well, and lower down Princess and Bodkin may be the most likely to run forward. A local correspondent states that great improve ments of a substantial nature, including a judge's box and committee and press rooms, are being made at Junee racecourse. The new building is spacious and well fitted with every requisite, and considerably elevated. Everything is being done to make the next Bpring meeting, which is to take place on the 30th instant, a great success. A match has been arranged between M. Brennan's Golddust, P. Quinlan's May Flower, and R. T. Allen's bay mare, ¿65 each, $ mile, owners up, on tho Ulmarra course on the 20th instant. A hunters* prize of ¿857 is offered by the Coota mundra Agricultural and Pastoral Association in connection with the show to be held at Cootamundra on Wednesday and Thursday, August 31 and Septem ber 1. " Reginald " states that there are five daughters and two sons of Sunrise now in work on the looal training grounds at Wagga. These are MOBS Rose and RoBolcaf, both from Roseneath : Babetto, from Young Bot: Rushlight, from Lapwing} May Day, from Cat's Face ; Comrade, from a Rapid Bay mare, and Ganmain, from Dorothy, by Grand Flaneur. Tho Boss Tailor, who won the Braoelot at Murrum bidgee T. C. Meeting, ha* been put to the small sticks at Narrandera. A jockey named J. Bealo, while riding work re cently on the'Casino track, fractured his collar-bone through the horse falling with him. A race meeting to he held at Lawrence, in the Clarence district, has been registered. Tho following scratchings have been posted at the office of the A. J.C. in connection with the spring mooting : Derby, Yarranabee, Birinji, Wenlooh, Now Ïort, Ennistymon, Miss Lotty, Grand Jewol; Oaks, rosfredt, Sointilla, Queen Agnes, Miss Letty. The committee of tho A. J. C. held a speoial meeting on Monday last for the purpose of inquiring into the running of Pippin at recent meetings held at Rose hill and Warwick Farm. After a lengthy investiga tion tho matter was dismissed. At tho request of tho A.J.C. committee, Mr. S. A. Stephen has given nol ice of motion to the effeot that the financial year of the club terminate on July 31 instead of December 31, and that tho annual general meeting of members he held on the third Tuesday in August, instead of the third Tuesday in January each year. The hunters' high jump contest, to establish the record for Queensland, attracted a large at tendance to the Brisbane exhibition grounds on Saturday afternoon. A good number of horses competed, and a finer display- of high jumping .was never witnessed in the colony. In the con cluding round, when the height had been raised to 6ft 9in, only two horses were left in, Spondulix and Mingoola. Neither succeeded in getting over, and the owners divided the prize. Spon dulix got over afterwards, just touching the rail. Pasha, who made last year's record, refused to {ump. - _ 