SBingulsr "Ghost" Btory~ -From Peterborough, \- a PRIGHTFUL SCARE. T he people of Peterborough are grasitly di tlurbed concernsog,he extraordinary proceed: \- ings of a ghost. Some months ago a small \- house in Mayor's-walk was to let, and it was taken by a railway man-named Rimes, Whose Sfamily eonsisted of his wife, brother, wife's '"r]other, and three children. Ever aince goi8g into the house they have been subjected to the Smost extraordinasry and terrifyisgexperienoes, 'until they were driven from the place. Foir a long time they believed they were being made the subject of a practical joke, and every me~spl was adopted to discover the perpetrators. -Eighbours and others were called in,w ho sat up all night watching, but they fled from the lace in terror. A private detective, who had Sbeen nsuccessful in exposing impostures of d ghostly character, was also called in, but he fled before the morning dawned. Whilst the inmates were in bed an invisible hand lifted the bed clothes, and threw them on the goor. The doors would be shaken with great voilence. On one such occasion a door was partly broken, although Rimes was in the room at the time. But, perhaps the most terrifying part of the proceedings was the unearthly noises that accompanied these manifestations. One witness states that it was like a portion of the house falling in with a crash. Another described it as though a cart-load of bricks had been tipped up in the house. The noises varied, and occasionally were like a table laden with crockery being overturned. The private detective says he heard what he imagined to be a sack of coals drawn along the landing, and then thrown down the stairs. Strange to say, however, although the noises wete so great as to alarm all the neighbours, nothing in the house was ever found displaced. The visitations were almost invariably pre ceded by a low humming noise, as if caused by a rushing wind. The neighboure declare that houses have been shaken as if by the reports of cannon. The noiscs were not always so dread ful. The Friday before Christmas Day, and the last niglht but one of the old year, were said to be the worst, and the noises on those days are said to have been most hideous, while several of the other houses in the vicinity were shaken, and the residents were awakened by the noise and greatly alarmed. A number odf witnesses, who hIad volunteered to watch in -and about the house, all declare themselve~s incapable of explaining the extraordinary -phenomena they witnessed. 