DICKENS AS AN EDITOR. Everybody knows that charming “ Roundabout Paper” of Thackeray’s, which bears the title “Thorns in the Cushion.” It sets forth tho sorrowful tale of a soft-hearted and unpractical literary man placed in editoral charge of an important monthly magazine. “ Ah me!’’ exclaimed the author of “Vanity Fair,” after quoting examples “we would where wo never intended to strike, we create anger where we never meant harm ; and these thoughts are the thorns in our cushion.” Thackeray was too sensitive to make a good editor ; and it was well, both for him and for the Gornhill Marazine, that he resigned his post to his friend and son-in-law, Mr Leslie Stephen. It was far otherwise with Thackeray’s great contemporary, Charles Dickens. Dickeus, while quick to detect genius, had no hesitation in ernsbing incompe tence and mediocrity. Among some autograph letters sold last week in London by auction was the following, nddressed to Mrs Gaskell. It is dated February 21, 1853 :—“ I take the earliest opportunity of answering yonr letter. I have been so closely occupied siace its receipt that this is the first dis engaged morning on which I have found time to read the enclosed papers. I am sorry to say that. I cannot have the pleasure of accepting them. They possess no kind of characteristic to ren der them available. Between ourselves —and not for the information of their authoress—they are of that intensely dreary and commonplace description to which even the experience of this place reconciles uiy wondering mind. Every body could write such things, I imagine, but how anybody can contentedly sit down to do it is inscrutable. Don’t you feel tho same as'onishment ? People don’t plunge into churches and play the organ without knowing the notes or having the ghost of an ear. Yet fifty people a day' rush into manu script who hnve no earthly qualifica tion bnt tho actual physical art of writing.” Why Mrs Gaskell—a literary woman—should have bothered Dickens with these “ dreary and commonplace ” manuscripts, is a somewhat difficult question to answer. 