THE GREAT GRILL - STREET CONSPIRACY. By SIr GILUERT CAMPBELL. OIAPTER XU.-- OPPOSINO FORCES (CON TINUED.) 'My goodness me, Rhoda ! you look like a real ghost,' exclaimed Aunt Dorothy, as the young girl entered thle drawing-room in the little house in Bays water. 'If that is what you call going upstairs and lying down to got rid of a headache, all I can say is that the cure has made you look worse than the ache did. You're as pale as the statue of that proud Miss Joan of Are over there, and your eyes have got groat black circles as if you had dipped your fingers in the ink bottle and rubbed them round them. 'No,' continued the good lady, reflec tively, 'I'm no advocate for young people going and laying down for headaches in the middle of the day. The only one I ever knew benefit by it was Ann Higgins, you know dear Mrs Samuel Higgins' daughter. Mrs S. you know, dear, had been a confirmed lunatic for years, owing to a fright at seeing a mad bull toss an Italian organ, monkey and all, through the windows of a ham and beef shop, and as for Ann, it naturally was an ad vantage, for she was subject to fits,.and then she went to lay down and to get them over quietly, and so not give any trouble to anyone ; but after all it didn't do her any good, for she got her head under the grate in. one of them, and almost rubbed the nose off lher face trying to got it out. No, Rhoda, I really don't hold with laying down for headaches.' 'Very well, aunt,' answered Rhoda, who had listened to the extraordinary anecdote without a symptom of a smile upon her .face, 'I won't do so again if you do not think it advisable. By the way, you dear old soul, I do not believe you have had your usual after luncheon nap, and you will be ill next. Come, come, settle yourself in your arm chair and I will play you to sleep.' Aunt Dorothy would have protested that she had not the slightest inclination to sleep, but her niece would listen to no denial. She shook up and arranged the cushions in her aunt's favourite arm chair, placed her feet upon the footstool, and then seating herself at the piano began to perform a slow soothing melody, oxerting at the same time all her will power to lull the old lady into a state of slumber. To-day, however, Rhoda was weak and depressed, whilst Aunt Dorothy offered an unusually powerful opposition to herl niece's desires, and it was fully half an hour before the old lady had began to nod, and she sank into a sound sleep, which certain sounds projected through the nasal organ informed her niece of when the wished for state had boon arrived at. 'At last !' murmured the girl, wearily, as she rose from the piano; 'at last I have time to think over the terrible scene that I have witnessed. When I went up to my room I was so strongly impressed that something was hanging over D-vid's head that-I suppose by the exorcise of my will-my soul again separated itself from my body, and I once again floated away to my lover's presence. I found him weak and dejected, and I whispered into his ear some of his recent doings, and endeavoured to impart to his poor mind a recollection of the events which this bad man had forced him to forget, and urged upon him the necessity of remaining no longer beneath the saneo roof with the terrible being who had obtained so complete a mastery over him. To my intense joy, after a brief struggle, he shook off his irresolution, and putting on his hat sallied forth in quest of fresh apartments. I followed him unseen to Couch Ferry Row; he mot some man who endeavoured to claim acquaintance with him, but' David utterly repudiated him, and went on to Roohampton Row. There he was on the point of ringing at a house, over the doorway of which there was a notice of apartments to be let, when I suddenly saw him change colour, and stagger back a pace. After a moment's pause he was again about to approach the door,but the same invisible power seemed to draw him back, and hailing a cab he ordered the driver to take him back to Great Grill-street. In visible alike to him and all others I was with him, and after reaching it lee ascended at once to the room of the being who invisibly hold the threads of his destiny in his pitiless hands. Directly he entered this man began to address him in the harshest manner, and told him that it was vain to hope to escape from the net In which he was meshed. I felt at once that the only safeguard between David and destruction had boon placed in my hands, and that I stood in front of our declared enemy. I roused up all my energies for the strife, and determined to see whose will was the strongest, that of this poor girl who had but just dis covered the hidden power that she pos sessed, or that of him who had exercised it for years. The contest, however, was an unequal one, for mine was a more first essay, whilst his was the result of , years of study and experience. Never theless I made a good fight for it, and more than once made Craddock Lipth. waite, for I read his name in David's note, falter in his position. He full well knew that there was an influence con tending with him well nigh as strong as his own; flashes like lightning shot fromn his eyes, and the mighty brain that rogu. lated his actions throbbed and heaved with the intensity that he put frth to gain his end. I was beaton, but he had achieved no easy victory; and faint and weary my spirit reeled away to seek rest and repose within the body which it had abandoned for a time, just as David re ceived the order to set out on an errand to the squalid Marshgate-street, whither I had accompanied him the first time that I had contrived to emancipate my soul from its earthly home. Full fain would I have accompanied him, but I was ex hausted by the severity of the first con test with a will superior in power to my own, and all my efforts to throw myself egain into a trance were fruitless. For tunately, a complete recollection of all that had passed during my spirituall existence yet remained. Naames, places, and all are still indelibly imprinted upon my memory, and the only question is how I can best utilise the information I po, sess. Poor old Aunt Dorothy, thoughi the dearest creature in thile world, would instantly go into fits if I told her the story, worse still, would believe that my mind was affected, and send fr that simpering old idiot Doctor Penroso Skic fington, in whom she has such unboiunded faith. I am quite alone in tihe world, who can I apply to for advice sud "ssist. ance in this terrible dilommna in which I am placed ?' She sat down by the table, and resting her head upon her hands, endeavoured to find a solution to the question thalt she had put to herself ; the excitement, how ever, of the past fes hours had been almost too much for her, and her over taxed mind refused to answer the call made upon it. She was still busily engaged in debating this question, lben a =ortof half-hysterical snort startled her, .and looking round sbo perceived that Aunt Dorothy had just awoke from her slumbers. 'Bless me, my child,' exclaimed she pettishly, 'how could you let me go to sleep so soon after luncheon; I declare I have had a frightful nighmnaro, though, 'how one can have nightmare in the day time, is more than I can imagine, and seems past all reason. 'Haveyou had a nasty dream, my poor dear,' replied Rhoda, coming up to the old lady's chair, and passing her hand careaeingly over head, ' toll me all about The strain had been so great, that fora moment she was glad to drop into the world of common place once again, and therefore strove to interest herself in her aunt's vision, ' It was simply awful,' answered Aunt Dorothy, sitting bolt upright in her chair, and preparing herself for a long and accurato narrativo. I was riding, my dear, in a yellow hansom cab with .green wheels-' ' Al, that is because you have boon reading that wonderful Australian 'book,' interjected Rhoda. ' And I was driving down the walk by the elephant's house in the Zoological Gardens, when a man, or rather I should any a gentleman, came up to me holding David Acland in hies mouth.' 'What i' exclaimed Rhoda, consiior. ably surprised, ' you met a gentleman walking about the gardens with my poor David in his mouth ; really, aunt dear, that is too absurd i' 'It is as I say, and the poor follow'kept calling out "Rhoda, Rhoda, save me,," in the most heartrending accents,' continued MIiss Dorothy. The girl began to listen more atton. tively, the imminent peril in which David certainly was seemed strangely reflected in the old lady's manner. ' Well,' went on Aunt Dorothy, ' all of a sudden the gentlemara's clothes seemed to vanish, and it was a great roar ing Bengal tiger that lhad go t that poor David in his great red jaws, and I could see his cruel tooth buried in the dear lad's flesh.' Rhoda clasped her hands, the dream had too terrible a significance now for her to be at all inclined for laughter. 'Go on,' she mused hoarsely, ' go on.' 'And then who should. come up but your father's dear old friend, General Warmington, who very pu:operly called a policeman and gave the tiger into cues. tody, and then I woke up,.' 'But what became of David 9' asked Rhoda, anxiously. 'Bless the child, don't II tell you that I woke up. I can't go ,on dreaming all day long to tell you what, became of your dear David,' returned Aunt Dorothy with an injured air. There was a silence for a few moments, which was broken by Rhoda, who ex claimed in accents of the deepest emotion \-- How silly I have been ; why of course General Warmington is the man.' ' Of course he was, didn't I tell you sol' answered her aunt ; ' but it strikes me that you have not linen paying any atten tion to what I said. Young folks are too apt not to take notice of what their elders say; but I can toll you that there is a great deal more in dreams than you fancy. Why, how often have I told you about Mrs Squibton, who dreamt three times running of the word, Potosi, and luckily for her, remembered it when she woke up.' ~ Was it a thing that brought her good fortune 1' asked Rhoda, absently. ' Woll, it's how you like to take it,' re plied the old lady complacently. ' Her husband was a city man, and when she told him, hi put all their money into the Potosi Gold Mining Company, Limited, which turned out a regular swindle, and never paid the shareholders a penny.' 'I dent see that that was a very lucky omen,' returned Rhoda with a faint smile. 'Wait until you hear the end,' an swered her aunt with a tinge of severity in her tone. ' Of course the Squibtons lost all their money, and their friends had to come forward and send them away to Now Zealand ; but listen now, Rhoda, nine years after that, a horse called Potosi won the Derby !' 'Oh, how nice,' said Rhoda; 'and of course Mr Squibton had betted on his winning, and he got back all his fortune.' \Well, not exactly,' returned her aunt, ' for you see Mr Squibton had died two years before that happened, and his widow had married a converted Maori Chief, who had turned missionary, and who used after service to drink rum and beat her : but there, that has nothing to do with my story, and I hope, dear, that it will teach you never to undervalue dreams again.' 'Certainly not, aunt,' said Rhoda, going up and kissing her, as she mur mured to herself-' I will go and asee the dear old general to-morrow.' (To be Continued.) As the constant dropping of water will wear away the hardest stone, so do the various processes of life wear out the phy sical organism ; every motion of a finger, every breath inhaled, every thought con ceived, and every word spoken causes de. struction of some of the complex molecules which together form the human system. This results in formation of a quan tity of effete matter called " waste products,' waich if retained in the system give rise to various diseases. If retained in the muscular tissue they cause rheumatism, gout, '&c.; in the lungs( consumption; in the blood, skin disease, boils, pimples, blotches, and kidney diseases. The blood in purified and impurities expelled by the various processes of excretion, respiration, perspiration, mieturation, and defecation. Where these functions are not properly performed such symptoms as headache, nervousness, palpitation, vomiting, diar rhnea, toothache, neuralgia, and constip ation are frequent, and must have imme diate treatment or serious disease will un doubtedly set in. If the first symptoms are attacked a cure is easy ; if neglected a cure is sometimes impossible. If Clements Tonic is faithfully used quick relief is assured. This medicine quickly restores the normal action to any weakened or impaired organ ; itpurifies and strengthens the blood, stimulates the kidoneys and liver, and relieves the bowels of all impactions of la:al matter and strengthens the nervous system generally. Its value is proved by such cases as that of Captain P. Connelly, 20 Elliott-atrcet, Balmain, Sydney, Now South Wales, who writes :-Three months ago my wife, 55 years of age, was confined to her bed, unable to move. I called in D)r.-, of Balmain, who pronounced the case as hopeless, and beyond all human skill, it being a general breakling-up of the system. fie furher tld ens stoe sv , in a high state of fever (what kind he did not state). Her temperatures was 105. She was quite unconcious, and apparently not far from her end. Shie remained under his treatment for :bout ten days, during which time nshe took the medicine he prescribed witihout the least improvement. On his third visit he again pronounced the case as hopeless, and told me to give no medic ine, but plenty of nourishment, and if I liked I could call in another medical man. I could see my wite rapidly sinking, and having heard of Clements Tonic, I detor mined to try it. I purchased a bottle from Mr ---, chemist, of Balmain. When the doctor paid his fourth visit I had gi ven lier three doses, and noticed a decided improvement. When the doctor saw my wite he told me that, wonderful to say, she was better, and he repeated his former statement, and told me not to be astonished if she died at any momneont. I told him what I had been giving hler, and he said it was no use giving it. I persevered with Cl0ements Tonic, audithe fourth large bottle completely restored her to health. She is now able to go about as well as ever, and do her own housework; in fact, she has siene attended to her daughter and niece through their confindments, and nursed a friend though typhoid fever. I feel so thankful to you for your Clemonts Tonic that I should be acting ungratefully if I didnoet acknowledge the wvonderful cure your Cloments Tonic has made. I may day that in every case I advise people to try it it has had the same effect. I am well known in Balmain, holding as I do several medals from the Royal Humane Society for saving life. Anyone wishing to see me personally and ask me about ClementsTonic can always find me at the above address. I remain, yours faithfully, Capt. P. Connelly, 20 Elliott-street, Balmain, N.S.W. Clara: 'How well you looked on the street yesterday.' laude (immonsely flattered) : 'Do you really think so ? I am awfully glad.' Clara: * Yes, you had on such a becoming veil.' Gas De Smith: 'I believe, Miss Sharp girl, you think I am a stupid creature.' Miss Sharpgirl: 'No, indeed. Nobody who can so accurately divine the thoughts of another can be stupid.' A schoolboy being asked what a stalac til;e was, replied: 'A stalactite is where the water leaks through and sticks on.' 