CAN THE SEA GIVE; UP. ITS DEAD ? L---4--- Told by tan Ef.Deteotivo. CHAP''BR I, \- : T?E GHOSTLY IIARPIST, . ; In that delightful suburb of London, Hampsteadl, dwelt Sir Charles Lester, a man not of great wealth for the position hs held by his rank, Still; he was proud and haughty, and, to those who offeuded him, stern and unforgiving. The house in which he lived was an old-fashioned red brick one, surrounded witb a high wall and fine old trees, which shut out the charming prospect of the country around. The windows were quaint, being formed of little equartes-for Sir Charles weod lhvo'boen horrified at the idea of modernic:ire: the dear old place, He had for muany yeare lived almost the life of a her. mnit; even his own relations were received with sneh coldnsce that they aclled as seldom as pro. priety would permit. To this quiet mansion I had been summoned, and there I found Sir Charles ezanuded upon a sola bed, with a small table placed by his side, On this table were fruitC, a Bible, and a bottle of pbhysio, t' ie seated, tir Gerval," said Bir Charles, "May I offer you some refreshmeent l" "No, thank you, Sir Charles; but, if you please, we will to business. I always like to have the full particulars at once, and I would ask you not to Ieep any secret from nme, Of course, what you. tell me will be in the strictest confidence." "Crood I I will endeavor to carry out your in. etruetions, I may as well inform you that this house has been said to be haunted ever since the days of Queen Anne. I did not believe it; but now "- He paused, his lace became pale, and his lips quivered. Then he added in a broken voice: " Now Ibelieve it." "Believe it, Sir Charle l"I exclnimed, in as tonishment. ' It would take a great deat to make me believe any house was haunted," ' That may be. -Ilowveor, listen. You must know that my estates weroentailed, hut my graudfather, with the consent of my father and myself, cut off the entail, The reasons for doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which had been msde to pay my grandfather's gambling debts-for we all preferred poverty to dishonor." ' But, Sir Charles, you are not poor 7" "Not as an ,'rdinarpy ran," said Sir Charler, with pride; "but for my position terribly so, Well, loet that matter pass. 1 cause into the property, in duo course of timoe, and see about rosto:.isg the family fortune, Foolish idea I I showed my knowledge of the world by marrying fr l/ove, ta singer--bonlti ful as en an ugl, . But no mattur; oho died in giving birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that child I l'or haps I am to blame for what happuoned afterwards; Iembers grew up nelf.willed, andi--Hmaven forgive me for having to say it of my son !-dissolute to a degree, I argllued with hio--ha laughed in my face; I became stern--he replied in equal anger. I turned him from my doors, and he fled to America. But a vengeance more terrible than )mine overtook him. T'o sbip struck upon some roieks eon the coast of Australia aud.every soul on board perished. But time heals the deepest wound of the aiffections, and I forgot and forgave Herlbert.' I adopted a relation a cousin only-who is now at college, and', on him I have settled everything-aye, even tq my heart's love, ind well have I been repaid'by his?affe'.. Con." " Well, Sir Charles," I said, " if that is the case, I trust you are at lasthappy - ' "I-shotuld have been groaned the baronet, Then, after a paue, he sidded" in an ' weetruok whisper, " an ta eea'ut ivo up its dead 7" The intensity with which the question was put somewhat startled-me, However, with an attnmpt at a smile, I gave him to understand that I was no believer Inu the supernstural. lie drew himself nearer to me, and said, in a whipper: "My son lierbne t, who wasn d'nwned t tesa, haunts this house. I--I hav seen hiies." '' It must have been a delueioti or a trick, my dear sir," I remarked. " Neither," he said, earnestly. " It wval'his spirit, I had just awakened fronm a light doze, when by the aoonlight which came thlrough tlhat window I saw a sh'dow glide Across the root. I S:olcr froau an 'affeotiosn of the opine, and cart but Sneive with slow. iecs, andt with tihe greatest Jleet. However, with solue dlifcallity I managersd to rsie nemyelf c lli 1 \- elbow to watch thle spe:tie's niov(cmuntls. It glidedl to yo'cder esoritoire.-to opren which yVolt mleet touch a eCretr spring. 'hlls m ittepaitin awcotes 'eomed to know, for it t.,/,.', vpri th n secret drtwevr flew olpen, and theo pirit took therefrom a oertain doonllment." "Are y.ee certaiu, Sir Charles, you were not dreamlng ,' " I was not dreaming," Mr. lerval. "Oh, no II called out, ' Who are you--whatl do you want hero?' The spectre turned its faou toward me, and I saw by the pale light of the moon the featurnz of my son. l1e gazed serrowfully atme,and than vanished close by that old wardrubo." ",A steorling storyl" I remarked. "Have you setn anythiog since ?" "Only-only onco-and then.it vanishod in a moment," " You found the document all right".. " Yes; but it had been opnened and read," "And what was the naoure of the doo.. ni.. 7 ' I inquired,. " My will. The will in whichio leoav all mypro pertty o 'my adopted sun--eieorgeo sa ndin o Since then I have hied the will removed to an . iso "M Aid you have not seen tihsghost siooe" Never. Btt besree known haltct has been eour " Heard it i" " Yeb,. Have I not told you that my wife was a singoer Well, she usedto play the harp admirably, When ho died I could not bear the eight'ot the in strum qt, and had it removed to a room where amos t old cobinets and eno forth, it le remained, in opi of my ost'e lIleuadingll that it should he given to hi s-for le weas pacionehtoly fond of muiie; but I quld not bear any osoto touchl her harp, so it remnit:d silent iuncit"--here he peaused, paesed -hbis handeickly over hii eyes, and jaroaned. Then, leanlc over towarde ccli, he said, in a solemn whiser, " Unftil a fe ni;ghri ago, when I heard that i rp played by--by--my wife ," " Ipossible I You nnit that. eheo died in giving birth > your ouly eon?" ' remanrked,. "-at is porlectly true; hut at tbe samen time I ean sfearthat . hoard her play one of tIhnowwild Gerni sirs of which he unsed to be o loand, I listen, entranced, t could not-I dared nbt move. The ,xt morning I went to the room, not into.it I tod, not do Idal. I found it lolaed and bolted oe 1 ha 7oft it, I examined thie bolts, and the dust was ll on them. No one could have entered.lhnt room " ur adopted son, alir (Giorgl Standing-doos Ac k iw anythisog about this ?" 1 asked, l vroto hila all pasricularo, essd I expected him herseem Oxford before 1ou," rephed the baronet " I sed yeoe to consult cith Ihiml." iee learn to e:keje. telcit loesgassr still 1" Dit I seaidsietly to Sir Charle, " 1 am sure I shall be moos ddelighted, and "- Ti eonorous clauG of tfo oee 0ll ball interrupted us, ocrniage came upl the drive, and in a fec moe ots a handsomno young fellow Ilerat into thei roodin a manner I thoughtb, little tilted for a tick ohabaer. "ly dear bonefactor," Ie cried, Ihurryinsg up to thes d and banding over the siick s,, " whYbat is thieltear? Oan ii eo ths aome wretcehes are tey' iog y these moans to rob you-to kill you--by roijg oun your too scoiiv l n5i 'turoe? 0 cocurciec as their being reai epcotrce, tlhat's lil moun "ush,huteh, George I" eSid Sir C(hlarler, failtl,; ' ye are too boicterosle for m,. Tiila ic the ecntl-.' ma'whom I hlave hatd fetched from Locndon to 'olve thesnyltory, and he soys that we mt kLeep tihe mnar entirely to oursclves. You imuset not I t soulin the house lknow who or what he iu yccnderstand ?" h le I Georgeo tlnding dooelrced Ihe did understand, an hook me cordially by the hand, ocyin' tias hce i, help me in every wcay. ThIei ho insistscd llhe would dleep in Sir Charlks's rooes, and :lir Sle have anotther, where hIe would not be dis iad wishced to have made the hoeeo icrnoipcnl abc the room, as 1 \aelltred to oeIl) theCre; lt)U hie b a et oeemed deliglhted at his a!hopteid ois'n cou ra and so I hadl to give tp ray claim. irelled into thisel r<lecivo rodllllll, and lit icy' cb 0s to a1ceok?O ndctii tiik oc r Iho Ice.. t1 could ecake n;othig of it. O)i r, cruth, I cdid n iku the ilLnrflerec-cc of 3Ir G(er?;e tatndiberc- a adt ome, opeh'.dcfcl;te d cc:tll,c.c, tcci, wi'h iccc e ly eye eand lips,, ini, 'dwht I d;lili;e, fe:r too I in I the Iuidt of thc tc rsu tt tt c the eisoald ol jineeerbell-etruok upon roy ear, and, I hurried b to join Mr Btandui in the dining'room, al I b peoiteoh to do, Dinnuer over, at Mr Smudaing's invitation I joined him in the emoking.rooni, whler we had come capital cigare and coffel In course of conversation helot drop the secrot that Sir Obarles's uon had to go abroad in oooeequenoc of some forgerieo he had committed. SSir Charles never told mo that," I said, quiolly, "No, of cmurso he would not-the honor of the family, and all that kind of thing," oaid Mr Stand. ing, somowhathuslily. " And now poor Bcrtie has gone, the least said about it the hottor. But that was the ease. Of course Herbert had to bolt, as d you know the teet-he was drowned." SYou are euro he was drowned?" " Positive. I do not know all the full particulars but Sir Charles had theocas thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it, I never could make poor IHrbert out. I suppose his erratic and bad qualities came from the mother's ride." " Perhaps so," I remarked, quietly. " You oleep in Sir Charlec's room to-night?" "I do," he muttered, pulling forth a pistol, " And if the ghost appearn I intend firing at it," " Be caretul, and don't shoot rashly, " I remarked, " If Sir Charles really did Boo this phantom, who can toll that it may not be some sleop-walker ? And in that case it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree." "Never fear me; I know what I am about," he said. "Perhaps you will have news by the morn ing." "P15arhaps I shall," I said, and, wishing him good evening, strolled out in the grounds. CHAPTER II. THE MYITERY OF THE HAP., That night, being tired from the day's work and the fresh air, I soon fell naloep, to dream of all kinds of ghoets and mysterious musai. Suddenly I awoke, and as I colleoted my thoughts, the sounds of music fell upon my care, but not the masio which I had heard in my dreams. It was the musia of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite fooling. I do confess that alter all Sir Charles had told me, 1 began to feel nuperatitious for the firct time in my life; but for all that I was not to be done, Sa getting out of bed hartily, I put on my clothes, taking care, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wiehed to steal about the house as noioelesely as possible, The mutic had ceased by now, and all the house seemed wrapped in silence, Taking up the lamp I gently unlooked my door, and stolo out into tbe corridor. All quiet. Indeed, after the shock my nerveo had received, all seemed to me most unnaturally quiet, and I could realize the old saying--" .s still as death," I was about to return to my own room when the sharproport of a pistol emoto upon my ear, It was followed by a faint, cry, and both came from the room lately occupied by Sir Charles, and now tenanted by his adopted son. I soon found that not I alone had heard the report of the pistol. Thl household had been aroused, and lights began to flit about. ''Quick, quck I" I cried. "Come hero I" "What is it, air? What is the matter ?" de manded many of the servants as they hurried to. wards me. " I don't know. But follow me." 1 would sooner have entered the room alone, but that could not be, We knooked at the door and called on Mr Standing, but no reply came. So, ordering one or two others to help me, we burst in the door. G orge Standing lay on the bed as pale as death, Indeed, when I first sawhim 1 believed he was dead; but the servants dashed water over his face, and alter 6 little while he recovered. In fact, I thought he recovered somewhat sooner than was natural, " Let ro get out of this horrid room I" he cried, "I have seen it-1 have soon it I" " Seen what 7" demanded the servants, eagerly. "MIr Standing," I said, aternly, "nro you a coward, that a dream could have so frightened you ? Think how ill Sir Charles Lvstar is, By the way," I continued, turning to the servants, " some of you had better go and see how Sir Charles is. This mad freak-nightmare, or whatever it is-may have greatly alarmed him. The rest can go to bed. I willremain with Mr Standing." Of course the servanta did not like this, as it did not eatisfy their ouriooity; but as Mr Standing, much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey Iti. they dtdpo most reluctantly. When wo were alone, and the door securely looked, I turned upon Mr Standiog, and said, liietly : "Mr Standing, I nI not to lie himbuoggod. What is thb mecaning of this little gaino?" " Game I"lhe exclaited. " I do not understand you. What do you mean?" I e tried to look indignnnt, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, aud there was that trembling ot the upper lip which no honest or truthful man over hau. " I simply moan this. I do not believe a word about the ghost. I believe you harA done this only to frighten Sir Chnrlea, I do not believe in ghotsa, nud therefore 1 do not for oine momnt credit that Mr Herbert Li:tor amuses himself by marching about these rooms at the dead of night. Sir Charles is ill;'he has been very severo with his eon, whoeo death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturally, in his weak state, his imagination runs wild, and he fanoics all kinda of things, and nothing so likely that hi hebated thoughts should run upon his boy, But j'u are different. From what I can hear, there never was much love between you and Mr Herbert, )ou could only conjure up such a vision from one cause." "Indeed I And what may that oauso be?" he said, with a forced laugh and a meaning glance at mre, " To kill Sir Charles with fear and remorse, You know the nervous stats he is in, and any great shook might be his death. Take my advice, sir; go and see the baronet at once. Tell him it must have been a dream." i By heavens, iwas not i" cried the young follow, quiokly. . "Very well, then, if you will not go I muss," I said, quietly. "Ouly I thought you could have made the story aso as to suit your purpose better 'than I shall be able to do." He thought for a moment, and then hastily wrap. idg 'dressing.gown about himself, thrust his feet into his slippers, and, muttering something about being ready to do what I wished, although he saw no useo i it, left the room, I waited until I was sure he would not return, then locked tihe door. I seized the lamp, and turned thu light up a little way so that I could see better. Then I began to examine the piace carefully whore the spectre was said to have disap. penred. The wall appeared solid enough. I tried it gently with my knuckles, but no sound of hollowness was given fortih. Suddenly my eyes were arrested by a spopt n the polished boards. I knelt down and ex. aminad it c.refully. It was wer, and when I touched it I found that it was blood. Yes, bloodI I traced it on and on, drip by drip, until I came to the recesa by the old-fashionud firo. place. Here they oeased. I examined the wainecot carelully, und at last disoovored what appeared to be a Hsmall ourved knob, which I ecrewed round,and found that the oak panel on which it was fixed yielded at oneo to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opniing, in wlhilch was a staircase. 1 fouud tho secret of tile Hpring inside, and then, hay. init cntered the pa!inagel, olouod the d::or carefully : behiiind me. JUp, up, up I went, for the stairasoe was spiral, lhen at last I found myeelf opposaio uuothor door, which I examined onrareully, and soon discovered a aimuiltr opring no in the door below. I was about io 0oucht it, when low, sweet soundo of glorious muinio rone eoItly on the air-so soally that I could ' nocare'ly believn it to boof this earth. I turned tho light of the lamp down until it was I only ia upark, and then placed it upon the stop). I turned the secret spring, pushed open the door, i vwhich opeuned noiaoltesly, and crept into the lum. ber-roomi-for tlhe sound told me that was the c npartmecnt sMid to Ib lhunted. It wasi a floe long B roomn, lih'tet only on one side by low, gabled will. dows, through whilch the litful light of the moon isnow and then lcuamod an s lie broke tlirough storm. ront clhuie. Uy thia light I managed to aco that 5 there were hIeaOI of old furniitire and such like c tbiga nliaout, looling most ghost.like in tho gloom, ( l:ut one objeot lixeil my attention, and I became hlind to all others. It was a young man who was c acatid att a' harp, thie stringR of which he touched t pliintively, whilst hiii pale fioo was turned with a eoirowful look to the window., 1 iknew it in an iustant. It was that of IIarhert Liecr, hut rio hliintly palu tiat /almo' t believeil it c wee a gihelost, ?s?aeuetly he tuohed tliohe triuig t r:'.iir luuder, tcndinie forth tihe weird couund which iali jo startled tile iiouaehold. I " \V;:i." htlsoug!t I, " anything iuor.e like a ghotl I navor !aw. .3sit rtinoU tells me ghosts cannot 1 t:nil harp otringu; so here goie.'' ! stoli gently up behind him, but striking tome. li tlin;g witlh my foot, the eound attracted his atten. o 10o, . , "Herbert Lastor, whRit T1o thei' hanang of this folly ?" I said. There was no doubt he was thre, flesh an bono now; for he turned roun I and grappled with me with a strength that I could not have Ielieved so frail a creature could have puosaeccd. lowever, I soon had him under my control, andl seid : " Liston to me, Bir. 1 am your friend, althouihl! the way I may have to behave may not seeml like it. We have not a minute to olse; so if you please, you will just tell me what the wholir affair means, hiding nothing from im. Itemembor, 1 say, I am your friend, and 1 moan it. Come; poeak out, and do not hide a thing." The young fellow saw that I was right, and brielly told me all. CHAPTEI II.i RETRIDUIONe, Then, noisolesaly and eaifiously, we cropt to the door of Sir Charles Lceter' neloepiog apartment. By the dim light of a modirateur lamp, whioh was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir Charles seated in bed, propped up by pillows, By tie bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in the long thin once of the sick man, and the left placed over his eyes. IIe looked the pioturo of grief. " My eon-for so I shall now oonsider you, Her bert being dead-I feel that but a few days, or at beet weeks, can intervene between this and my death. Ila, mel when we are in strong health, how little do we think of the rashne; of our actions I But death, in dimming our bodily eight, opens our mental eyes and clears their vision. Herbort did wrong, I know; butwas I not to blamo as well?" " Oh, no, no I" sobbed the norrowful George; "do not say that. You tould not be to blamo." '* Ah, yes, I was I But that is over-ho is dead. You saw his spirit ?" "I did indeed. I can swear it. I fired at it." "What could have brought it here? Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I love my ion. Had he returned to me and asked for. givenese, ho should have had it. I have grieved for him deeply, and long since 1 have forgiven him. May Ieaven forgive him also I" "Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. "I pray for his foul night and day, Oh, had he not forged thoee bills "- "He did not forge those bills-at least, I have hopes that such is not thie case. Yesterday I re. osived a letter elating that trofs of his innoconce would soon be fortheoming. ldeed, lately 1 have had several communicitions of almost the like nature, Sometimes 1 could almost fancy 1 re. oognise Ierbert's style in the writing of these notes." "Ah, how the afflotione work upon the imaginga tion I" groaned George, "No doubt some scheming wretch has done this," " It may be so, I do not know- oannot say," replied Sir Charlos, as he pearsd his hand wearily over his brow., "1 fool as if 1 had been in some horrible dream from whioh 1 am slowly awaken ing." " Who were these letters signed by?" asked George, softly. "They are not signed-they are anonymous," replied Sir Charleu, "1 have placed them care. fully away in that drawer. You may.examine them," 1 saw George's eye light up with glee as he left the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. As he did so, thu light fell full on hiN face, and 1 must say 1 never saw nnything no evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thin whito hands moved nervously, aa if eager to grasp the paper,. To ma that look betrayed all, and 1 detormined upon a hold move. Motioning Mr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, No as to plu e myself between the young fellow and the drawer containing the letters. "1 Pardon me," 1 said, quietly. " With your per. mission, I will examine these letters before you touoh thon," He oprang badc, his face first pale and then livid with rage, as he exolaimcd " What the devil do you want hero, eir ?" " To do my duty," 1 replied, quietly-" honestly and fairly; and that is more than I think you can say, Me Standing," SSir Charlet, am 1 to be instilled?" almost shrilsed Mr Standing. " Sir Charles hba placed this matter in my hands, and will be kind enough not to interfere," 1 put in, as 1 drew forth the lettera, and, opening the poaket, took out a letter, Seeing that Master Georgel was ready to make a spring upon the othera if 1 put them on the table, 1 thrust them into my pocket, and, advancinig to th lamp, coolly colmmjeco-d to read the onn I i:ad in my hand, althorigh I kuew the coutcnts would not gnide me to anything. Illowever, 1 took great care to watch my ngigtafd friend out of the corner of my eye. "Good writing for a ghost," I muttered, loud enough for the others to hear-" almost too good; but there is a miatineaa about them which booomoe a person of co little nbiatoance:" I thnn drew a letter from the other end of the pakect, opened it, and read that. " Sir Charles," said 1, quickly, " have you any of those forged hills hondy '" Ha pointed to hle oatu drawer, and 1 soon had the bills in my hand, comparing thenm with the letter. " This is too bid I" oried Georgo Standing. "t l the honor of the family to be placed in this follow's handn-a low policeoman I" "Better trust the hAonor of the family in my hands than in thoeo of samo people I know. Sir Charles, are you prepared for a great surprise-an agreeable one, I hope. but one whihs may tax your strongth to the utmost ?" " Go on, 1 cm ill, but 1 oan bear all," "Some of these letters, wherein your son asks for pardon, aro no doubt genuino; the othero are forgeries." " Forgeries I" " Yea; and the man who forged those letters forged the bills." " Great heavens I" Georgo grew ashen white, " It's a fact, and 1 can prove it," said 1, " Your son shall prove it." "' y son I He is dead f"oried the baronet, an angry shade gatheriag on his faoo, " Bo calrn. .a is no dead. You saw no ghost you hearduo ghost; but you did see your son in the flesh. Now, be calm." "1 am calm. Where is he?" demanded Sir Oharles,eagerly. " Here '" cried Herbert, And the next 'mament he was kneeling at his father's bedeide, 1 shall not easily forget the glance of haired Georgoegave me at that moment, Anr soon as the father and lihe were calm enough, 1 said: " We had better wind this little matter up ao quickly nnd quietly as poseiblc. Sir Charlce, with your permission 1 will take a Ohsir. Gentlemen, 1 Pray you will be nalm and kecp your tompero, lo. member I/ nccueo nobody, and the rllorter your an. swerH are the quicker will this painful scene be over, Firot of all, Mr Loater, hoecaeoio you to hbe playing ghost in your own father's bouse?" "After 1 was scoused of all eorts of cimeos, by the radvice of George, 1 started for Australia, I waos lripwrecked, and having hboard that my father relused his foRgivcubse, I Imde my way inland, At last, all other tica Ihoirig broken, I determined to return home, faco my tato, and prove my innocencs. 1 comumunicated with Georeo, who told moe it wae madlnes ; that my father had a warrant out ao;ains meo, and 1 could expoet noomeeoy. Still, I returned, and being acquainted with a scoret paes.age whioh led from the old tower in thoe rounds, 1 availed myeelf of it, deorenirnedto discover what baleful in. fluence was at worlr to keep my f.ither's lheart so from me. Knowing the vays of thid old housP, I weas able to glide about like a gfhost. At last I was discovered by thia genitleman whilst playing my mother'er harp." " Great heavensi 1" murmured the baronet, olaep. ing his thin lnudn, . "I think moat ghost a~rica could be no aesily expisined as this ono," aiJ I, " if people would but set about clearing up the UisttCr coolly. Go on, Mr Herbert-go on, sir." *'The dread o1 boing tried for forgery dkept mo away ruonie timeo, At lest I ventured all, I wished to obtain the forged dierlvmelits, prove mry inlluo cernee, nnd then, fathes, hbambly crve your Imercy, Of coour?. directly Georig halurd of the ;lrost, he knew vwho it wan. o attlerpted my lifl il t;ir so6 celled haunted ohamnber. I ws wounded, and by tihe blood-malrks, thia ellllremai tre'ld mro to tlclr old luumber.room. i My stor is tolid--and, Iftbcr, I am lhere !" I never could do tia patlltio business, r.d my oyce aronot given to wepging, but they weri e diriir then, and I had a inasety lum in i>y Ithroiit. At ls Ht r Oimrle rel:til?, hi' teon, nrid, turn. tig to ii- orie hanr;diing alidl : " Gvori(i Utlaodieg, you Iave hreard all titi has puaied. Cciu you Idluy jil Nay, io inot add to your nmauy othier climes llal ol clyiit I I see the Ilt is in your brain and ie1 your heart, but i olhoksc even your throut. Ceoule- all, and I will tot odly 0 far aT oa rdl ou thrat ?ou shall not bo lunishtd/ but settal on 'ou 1 mod?et oomptoeioy on wbhih you can livu abroad, where your anteccdents will'be unknown. Think before you answer-for your hoicee is final." He thought for a moment, and then said, sulkily : W \ll, I confcas that I did lay the trap into whic"h buth Sir COnursl and Herbert foll. The atal:o vwei worth the lisk, and bold as the game was I piayed it, Of couro~ I tried to keep Herbeit away. WhilsHo e wis omewhere in Mexico, I was sale. Fortune turned upon me--h came back. You know the ret.," " Abaudoucd?nretah !" cried Sir Charles. "Go I Never more enter my presence. Go to your room, and there commic a full cunfeseion of your crime to paper. Dy its truthfulartae ha1ll I regulate the allowanoo 1 aball grant you. Then quit the house for ever, All olmmunications between us muat now be mado through my lawyer. Go !" With a half-defiant air, the young fellow left the room, 1 oon followed him, deeming it prudent to leave father and son alone. As 1 softly olosed the door, 1 lheard Sir Obarlio offering up a fervent thankeBiving that the tlea had Given up its dead, 