(Sermon. The full account of the consecration of Canon Chalmers as Bishop of .Goulburn will appear in our- next issue. The following is the sermon preached by Dr. Vance at the conse cration service : — 'This is a true saying, if a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth.a good work.'— 2 Tim. Hi. 1. ? The true saying of the text, whether a proverb current among the believers of St. Paul's day, or whether we hear in it a fragment of some forgotten liturgy, or a prophetic utterance from some first century ordination service, as it furnished the apostle with the key note of his teaching upon the bishop's office, may serve the preacher to-day as the text of his discourse at a bishop's consecration; nor will it suit his occasion the worse that the oversight of which St. Paul wrote was that of a single flock, and not of a group of congregations, that the bishop whose work he praises was rather an elder among the brethren than a pillar of the building; for if he found so much emphatically to extol in the lower 'office in the narrower field, what would not have been his witness had he been in a position to bear it to the value to the Church of the more extended superintendence and the more exalted gift. We have had experience in these lands of the very ' good work' the . apostle had in his mind in the labours of faithful and devoted pastors in the immature communities of forty years back, when Church organisation in these colonies was in its rudest stage ; who yet amid great discouragement and difficulties laid the. foundations of the Church of the future deep in the lives and affections of the people. And we remember the serious drawbacks to their work, the obstacles to growth and progress, even to any general sense of the corporate life of the Church, frorn the sparseness and isolation of their congregations and the want of any recognised . and qualified head ; and in contrast to this we have had proof of the good work of the*bishop (using the title in its modern sense) — how when he came he was fouiid to embody and express the very principles needed to give stability and order to what had before been inchoate and confused. The bishop, like his cathedral, is first of all m symbol of unity. All the energies, powers, ministries of the diocese run up into his office, and are gathered into his hands. Wherever he- is found he represents and impersonates the spiritual activities and life of his Church. As we unroll the chronicles of the past, how one venerable figure after another seems to rise and speak for the society over which he presided. Here a Polycarp stands for Smyrna ; there an Ignatius for Antioch ; Augustine represents Hippo ; Chrysostom, Constantinople ; Cyril, Alexandria — always, everywhere, in actual history, as in Apocalyptic preface, the angels answering for the Churches. We do well to remind ourselves that by the Lord walking among the candlesticks the church is seen as a group, not of congregations with their pastors, but of dioceses with their bishops. There is no greater obstacle in this day to broad views of Church government or to enlightened methods of Church work than -the narrow parochialism which knows no interest outside its own borders, will make response to none but local appeals, and, while it spends generously upon church and school buildings, counts contribution to a cathedral mere prodigality and waste. But is it only our parochial- ? ism that is at fault ? On that mystical ladder which begins with the individual believer and ends with the Church universal, you have no more right to call a halt at the diocese than at the parish. What' means, then, this jealousy so often 'entertained of provincial and general synod, making us guard so vigilantly our right, if we will, to reject the one, and to refuse the determinations of the other ? Do we think our organisation complete when we have brought in the bishop to the corner-stone of our local edifice? Or does not the bishop himself witness to a wider diocese in which he and his brethren of the same order stand together as elders of the universal Church, under an invisible Shepherd and Bishop above all ? Federation is no new principle to the Church of Christ. The one Spirit is ever working to make all who believe into one body ; and I know not indeed how any effectual stand is to be made at this day against the irreligion and immorality that are coming in like a flood, unless by our marching and fighting, not in straggling companies, but as a united body, uplifting the common standard, and fronting together in Christ's name the hosts of the unbelieving and the, unholy. But there is one form of federation that finds favour with many from which we must hold ourselves debarred. I cannot wonder, in the deep loyalty and affection we feel for the Church whose name we bear, and whose children we call ourselves, if we sometimes please ourselves with the dream of a federation of English-speaking Churches under a Patriarch at Canterbury. But we must not be so ambitious of unity as to menace unity, or so venerate the past as to embarrass the future. Called of God to build up in these colonies a Church to His glory, we have no right to turn aside from that our proper work to aid in setting up a new Church empire that might even come one day to cast a portentous shadow over the liberties of Christendom. No, our very loyalty to the Church of our fathers forbids the thought. Children of that august and holy mother, we revere her name, her ritual, her stately minsters, her venerable societies, her myriad activities for worship and for work. We are bound to her by filial. ? piety in an indissoluble communion. We count it almost sacrilege to change the least of her Eubrics or tamper with one of her Articles. These are unalterably ours, not because we are in bonds to any establishment across the sea, but because they are our heritage, the daughter's portion from her mother, part of the life she drank in at her bosom, and of the lessons she learned at her knee. And among those lessons never to be forgotten, we keep hold upon this, that the Church in any' land, if it is to develop fruitfully, must develop freely, and that no prince or priest from without, for however excellent an end, or. by however ancient a title, be allowed jurisdiction within her borders. But part Of the good work that appertains to a bishop is to witness for order and rule; that is the peculiar function and prerogative of his ministry, to bring put and exhibit the Headship of Christ. The pastor has authority over his flock, but not amounting to headship. In the general dependence indeed of the clergy upon their people in these latter days, the ruling elder has so declined into the minister that his authority has well- nigh vanished from men's minds. But in the higher room of the episcopate there is a reappearance of undisputed rule; and oh! of what unspeakable importance it is to the Church and to the world that we should have chiefs and leaders who can teach the men of this generation what the spirit and law of Christian government is. I know nothing which the men of this day more require to be taught than how to rule, unless, indeed, it be how to obey. This is an age in which political power, that once was held by the few, is passing into the hands of the many, while industrial ownership, that once was shared among thousands of artificers and traders, is now the monopoly of a small and diminishing circle of directors and employers. The lesson, then, as to the responsibilities and rights of rulers, and as to the very meaning and end of rule, needs to be widely inculcated on high and low, if mobs are no longer to tyrannise, nor companies to oppress ; and it is for the instruction and benefit of all that God has set in His Church a conspicuous example of authentic rule after a true and heavenly pattern. The bishop, indeed, is no spiritual autocrat, but a constitutional governor ; nothings spiritual, as with no man over him, he orders worship, main tains the inviolability of the faith, banishes from his diocese as from a garden enclosed all influences noxious and evil ; we may see in him some faint copy and presentment of the Priest upon the throne ; but when he comes down from this height to handle the temporalities of the Church he has to fall back upon his office and gift as deacon, and it is no little to our Church's detriment, and the dangerous lower ing of a spiritual force, if through pressure of affairs we divert to the service of tables what is given for the oversight of men, instead of providing solid and able councillors to relieve their bishop of what is earthlier and more secular in his charge. But constitutional ruler though he be, let him still be ruler, and not, after the manner of con stitutional government in these latter days, descend to be a mere symhol and shadow of an authority that has departed. Let him know that part of ? the good work which has been given him to do is to be a living power and authority in his Master's house, to show to the world the spectacle of government exercised, under God, purely for God's glory and the people's good, in the spirit of inflexible righteousness and disinterested love. But the bishop represents to us again the reality of the spiritual and unseen. Here among us in the light of every-day life we have a man bearing undeniable rule, yet who holds his office of none, who has no superior in his special rank and ministry, but derives his dignity and eminence from an altogether invisible and unquestionable source. We have no other similar instance that we can point to. If it is asked, what made this judjje a magistrate? or what made this soldier a general? or what made this man a ruler among his fellows? the answer is ready. Each can show his warrant under known seal for the power or precedence which he claims. But what made this bishop what he is? Not letters patent ; not installation at any man's hands ; not royal choice or popular election. Not any of these ; but the same power that of old made Aaron priest, and Solomon king — the precious oil of anoint ing, the Holy Ghost given to this day by the imposition of hands. The bishop, moving about in his diocese, ordaining clergymen, confirming children, blessing and shepherding his flock, is a witness to us in an unbelieving generation that there is not merely a stream of tendencies in the world making blindly for righteousness, but a power and presence working consciously and continually through servant and ordinance for the edification of the body and the sancti iication of those who believe. Have I not reason, then, after St. Paul, to describe the bishop's office as a good work? Can there be better or worthier work than to be thus in his own person a witness for unity in an age of strife and division, for rule and government in a generation of lawlessness and revolution, for the spiritual and Divine in a day of general falling away from old standards of faith and doctrine, and of blank denial by the cultured and the ignorant alike of miracle, of revelation, of God? But if the work be so important, how important must also be the selection of the workman ! And here how can I but thank God and take courage when I think t.Vinf nno of ran own nierrrv. wlinsp minifitrv hn.R hp.P.n fulfilled in thfi colonial, field, has been chosen to occupy the seat of the justly venerated and beloved prelate to whose zeal and industry this diocese owes its prosperity and this house its erection ! Let no one dream that we have aught but gratitude in our hearts for those bishops from home, the learned and saintly men who carried to us the torch of piety from English altars to kindle a flame on our own, who have done work amongst us that will never be forgotten while Australia has a Church, and. have left to us their inspiring examples of constancy and devotion. It is nothing but the truest testimony to tbe wise teaching and stimulating influence of such shepherds of the flock as Bishops Barker and Perry, Short and Nixon, Tyrrell and Thomas — on All Saints' Day we linger lovingly over the names of the holy dead — that among the- sons they have brought up men should be found fit by common consent to enter into '? their labours and to finish their work. Of the bishop of your choice — my dear friend and companion of many years, now ; called from this hour to take up the burden of so great a duty and ministry — ere yet the consecrating hands have touched him, or the holy charge has been spoken, I have something that I would say. I used the words, ' called to take up the .burden.' And I was ; not thinking merely of that formal invitation and appointment which he received at your hands, though I cannot doubt that the Spirit of God was with your Synod, guiding them to a right choice and heavenly vocation ; but to me, looking back over a distance of 30 years, his call seems even then, though faint and far off, to have : been unmistakably audible. Who can mark how the events of his life fell out, as if they had been planned for such a consummation— his early theologic training, far more extensive and complete than could be, needed for the foreign mission-field to which he was bound ; his varied pastoral experiences, now in the remote bush, now in one country parish after another, in the quiet rural centre, in the city church with its busy congregation, and again in the wealthy suburb by the sea, acquainting him at each change with new social conditions and a different Phase of church work, at each removal bringing new powers into exercise, and new qualities into play; the singular development, too, in all these changes of his directing and organising faculties, outstripping the growth even of those more pastoral dis positions in which we knew that he excelled; or his immediate election, so soon as he was settled in Melbourne, to so many public boards and councils, giving him, practice and skill in the different departments of Church administration — and not recognise that the Great Head of the Church by all these ways was training His servant for a nobler task than he had ever been appointed, and a higher ministry than he had ever discharged? And now, called and ready, he is here with us to-day before; God waiting for the ' anoint ing spirit' to descend; and in the hush of that solemn expectation, silent must be the thought of eulogy, silent the pride of friendship, silent the rejoicings of the congregation and the praises of the Church, and only every heart be lifted up in the prayer for the brother and equal that has been, for the bishop and father that shall be, that He who chose him out and prepared him for the good work of shepherding His flock may enable him so well and faithfully to per form it, that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear he may receive the crown of glory which fadeth not away. 