CURRENT TOPICS; Owing to tho candidature of Mr. Fitz- patrick the election for tho Hawkesbury has resulted in the return of Mr. Burdekin. It is quite clear that if tho contest had been between Mr. Morgan and Mr. Burdekin the former would have received a majority of the votes. Everybody knew that Mr. Fitzpatricic had not the ghost of a chanco of gaining the vacant seat, and the general belief was that he would probably lose his doposit money. Consequently people wore surprised at his decision to seo the fight right through. Scores of persons havo expressed the opinion that he stood in Mr. Burdekin's interest ; in our judgment, however, it was tho man's vanity that impelled him to take the course be did. He is a single-taxer, and it is notorious that single-taxers are the vainest of men. The wage-earners at Riverstono went pretty solidly for Mr. Fitzpatrick, and in so doing played right into the hands of the candi date in whom they had least confidence. During the past week many of the supporters of the latter havo been laughing at their conduct ; they never had a high opinion of the intelli gence of tho working man, bat it is lower now than over it was. NnmberB of the oitizens are probably surprised that Mr. Burdekin did not have a larger majority over the gentleman- who was second on the poll ; they thought that the money power at the baok of tho candidate would completely pulverise that opponent. They are not sorry, wo may suppose, to find they were mistaken. Mr. Burdekin has gained the seat for the Hawkesbury, but it is by no means a safe one for him, and the probability is that he will Iobs it at the next general election. After the Sabbath rest the writers on the free-trade papers should, one would think, be in a oondition to reason more logically and write moro accurately than at other times. But the reverse of this is the case. Repeatedly we have directed attention to the eccentricities in the artioles published in the Herald on tho second day of the week. The Telegraph Iiub bogun to practice similar folly. On the subject of tho Vic torian budget it expresses itself as follows in this morning's issue : " Tho heavy dnties levied upon consumers of oertain com modities, with a view to favoring a few manufacturers, for a while filled the Treasury with money not actually needed for tho legitimate purposes of Government. This wealth was applied freely to tho con struction of wildcat railway lineB and other unnecessary public works, engineered through Parliament by political influence. " The great majority of tho people of Aus tralia have been under tho impression that all tho railways in Victoria have been conBtruoted or purchased by means of money borrowed in England, but the Tele graph tolls them they are in error ; tho wildeat lines, it says, have been built out of surplus revenuo. It is well to have this information, of which every politician in Viotoria is entirely ignorant, because in those dull times thoro is a craving for novolty. The article from whioh the above curious extract is taken is, wo may remark, full of absurdities. For example, it deolaros that tho peoplo of tho sister State are in a deplorable condition. Yet it asserts that tui enormous amount of the "millions upon millions of outside capital" which has been . poured into Victoria changed hands within a period of a year or two, but " the probability is that in tho aggregate the Victorian people gained more than they lost." If they have gained more than they have lost bow can it bo proved that thoy are in a deplorable condi tion ? Tho King- streot organ should wrcstla with this problem. 