AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. B? J. W. Hendekbon. It waa in January, and we wero in latitude 15deg, 2-lmin. south. Tho heat was beyond description, for wo.werolylngbeoalmedunder a tropical aun. The sea wao a deep sap phire blue, translucent to o mysterious dopth, eo that, leaning over tho rail, ono could see bita of gayly tinted sea-weed float ing far below tho surface. Occasionally a brown fish, lookiDg purplo through tho glotifjiog water, would shoot closo to tho ship and then, emiting tho placid dopths into ehivering silver, go scurrying away in io tho infinite unknown of tho great deep. Thero was not a breath of air. Tho eea lay liko molten glass under tho pitiless buu, and tho long undulation ol tho swell seemed liko tho deep pantings of a heat oppressed bosom. Tho horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with tho radiant heat, and gavo everything an appearance o! melting, l'hopitohin tho acamo of tho deck waa soft and sticky. ? Sammy Scutles, tho cecnnd moto, declared that on tho forooaotlo deck tho pitch wao boiling. Wo wero aboard tho ohip Afton I'alls, homeward bound from tho Capo of Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I woxo taking a long sea-voyage for the benefit of our health. Wo had been fortunato enough to seoure berths on the Afton Falls for tho voyago from New York to tho Cape and back. Tho Bhip was a big, ablo oraft o£ Novia Sootia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fino a sailorman aa ever handled a pig-yoko. Wo had boon at Durban, and had rolled al most down to our lower yard-arma on tho big swell that alwaya tumbles in towards that uninviting boaoh, and wo had wondered how on earth any eano person could choose suoh a place to live in. Wo had also been under tho shadow of Tablo Eook, and had come out of tho boy in ono of thoso rushing winds that oomo down tho mountain and blow a galo inoido tho bay, when outside tho sea is omooth and tho wind very light. And hero we wero 0 fow hundred mileo on onr long trip, becalmod and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I woro sitting under an awniog tpread over ono eido of tho quarter deok. Tho ohip was under a splendid dis play of canvas, but tho sail3 woro simply bleaohing in tho oun. Tho ooureoa wero clewed up, In tho vain hops that a stray breath of air might steal along the deck. The man nt tho wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at tho compass oard. Tho ship had no eteerage-way. Tho vessel was full of groane and creaks and tho olioking ot hookod doors aa sho rolled lazily on tho long, low swells. Sammy Seurles, tbo second mate, had gono to tho moin topmast head, for ho deolarod that ho had got a littlo fanning every timo oho rollod. Tho men forward wero lying about in all sorts of attitudes ox preosive of weariness and disgust. Onn I fellow olimbed out on the Jib-boom, wont to aleep and almost foil overboard. Ao wo sat storing at ono another; tho voioo of tho coloured cook aroso from tho galley trolling a ditty which ho ho had picked np in tho Southern Statos : ' Dishyah niggah ain't gwino tor die Till old Jim Crow como roun' by-mo-by, An'oay' 'Hoy, niggah, yo' got torfly high'; Umph-nmph I Ah, nmph-umph I' Tho Captain, Fred, and I looked at ono an other, and emiled. Wo wondered how any ono oould muster up energy enough to sing. For a few minutea- nothing waa hoard savo tho creaking ol tho ohip'B timbera and tbo flapping of hor idle oanvao. Then tho oook lifted up hio voioo again : 1 1 wish I war in Baffin's Bay,, Whar all tho niggahs am mado ob clay, An' possomo go a skatin' obbery day. Hoop-to-loody I Ain't dot gay? _ Slidin' down n iocberg in Baffin's Bay.'1 At that tho three of us burst into laugh* tor, and Captain Bown said : ' I believe tho fellow'a right. Tho only thing to do on suoh a day io to imagine you aro in a cold plaoo.' '? You aro just right,' said Fred. ' I wish I woro doing a oako walk around tho north polo.' 'Woll. I don't believo I ohould caro muoh about that,' said I. ' Tho noith polo ia a hard plaoo to get to, and a harder placo to got away from.' 'That'o very true, oir,' said Potor Young, tho first mato, who had just finished taking a eight, and wao on hia way below. ''Did you over hear of tho whaling ohip Young Phccnix.' 'No, ' exolaimod Fred, 'What about ho*?' 'Well, sir, she'ii a whaler imh .van out about two years a^o. tine was u- I! r* i vcbboI as ovor carried d on k, sir, m,d -vi:t . said to bo a hard one to beut on a bowline. Woll, sho got oaught ill thti iou a hundrcc miles or so north of Point Barrow, atid wm erushod in below tho water-lino, so that shi wao supposod to bo sinking, and her cre« abandoned her, Tho crow escaped, anu mado thoir way book to civilisod paita of the world, but their ohip did not sink.' ' What became of her?' I asked. ' Woll, oi',' oaid tho mat.--, with a mysto riousair, 11 sho'o sailing th;.oO boaoyet, with out a captain or without a crew.' 'How do you know?' ' demanded Fred. ' She's been sighted, sir. More than that, she's been boarded.' ' When ?' ' How ?' wo exolaimod. 'List spring a man namod Lcavitt, sighted a whaler standing towards shore, surrounded by ico-berge. Thero sho was, with her lore and main tep?ails set, and all her gear just glittering with ico in the sun light.' ' How wob it sho hadn't sunk !' asked Fred. ' Why, bless yon, sir, sho wasn't intho water at oll. She wao about fifty feet away from it, np on tho ice, resting there just ao comfortable as a baby in a cradlo, and just as sa!o too. Inavitt boarded her, and found everything on her decks as neat as if all hando bad just gono ashoro for a lark. You see tho ice had cqueezod in under bor, and lifted her up. ' ' And you think oho'o thero yet 1' I in. quired. ' JuBt 03 sure as over yon Iivo, sir. Why, tho ico up tboro doesn't melt all away in the rpring, It breako up in some places, but mostly it just keeps growing and growing, and 1 shouldn't wondor at all if some of those largo berga wero hundreds of yc3ra old. Don't you think so, Captain ?' ' 1 think you aro about right, Young,' oaid tho captain. ' I havo heard about that whaler, butsho isn't a marker on an arotio yarn she reminds meof.' 'Something in your own experience, Cap?' I asked. ' Yes.' 'Then by all means let ub hear it,' said Fred. ' I never know you had been a whaler.' ' Yos,' said tho Captain, ' when X was in I command of tho Sealskin, I waa wail-known at Upcrnavik, and they do say I havo been awayup ? But that'o what I amcoiniug to. I had been one summer knocking about the entrance of Baffin's Bay, and hadn't done a great deal. I wa3 told by some E q lirnaiu that a largo number of right whales had been seen off the ease coast of Greenland, and 1 decided to cruise that way. In Augnot we hadn't Econ a ghost ot a whale, but I pushed on, and when about sixty miles east of Gael Hawk's Bay, tho weloomo cry oanie fromtho crow's nest, . ' ' Ther-r-r-o oho blows I' Where away V I shouted. ' Two points off tho lee bow, oir.' ' Woll, I am not going into a whaling otory. It's enough to say wo got that.bmtc, and did a big trade in the course of the next six weeks. Two months later I shaped my course towards Spitsbergen, to go into wit ter quarters thero, and start north in the spring. Ihadtho north pole lever, which bo often oatoheo whalers, and I wanted to steal a march on overy one else. On October 7th, a sail was sighted faraway tc the north, ward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my idea. However, 1 had not much time to wonder, for no Booner had we sighted that sail than it began to blow from tho aouth-DOuth east, and in a few hcurs we found ourselves in a moBt terrific galo o! wind. 'As it was blowing my way, I scudded with tho wind for forty-eight hours, mf lott observations as our noon position, giving Iat. 73Jeg. -Hnin. north, anel long. ,dcg. 37min, west. How far beyond that we wont no man will ever know. Uy reckoning wob entirely last. I had no idea wbero we were. Tho oold waa intense, and great bergB loomed np in all direotions, tho sea breaking against them filled tha air with thunder. In ' thomidst of thia awe-inspiring scene I wan | astounded by hearing tho ery, ' Sail ho 1' ' 'Sho was not mora than threo miles away. Sho wob a vessel of very old build, with a high-poop deck, and ohu was under all j.Iam sail going liko a phantom, and anon disap peared. I boat to tho southward for font days, fighting against head seas and through ice, when tho oun oamo out, ond I gat sights to detormino our position. Whera do you nuppoEo wo woro ??' ' Whero !' we both asked, eagerly. 'In lat. 81dcg. 57mm. north, and long. lOdeg, 12nin. west. How far north of that wohadbeon that wo ohould havo taken four daya to boat back, ia boyond mo to Guess.' ' What booamo of tho otrango ship ??' ) asked. ' I am ooming to that. Wo wont into wiatcr-quartoroin Mosel Bay. In thcopring wo mado excursions on sledges, ond on ono of thesa wo found our phantom. Ab we rounded a point ono of tho men oriod : 1 Bail ho I Thero oho ia again I' ' And thero waa our old acquaintance, still under all sail, but motionless. Seeing that oho was fast in tho ice, I boarded her. Her rigging was sheathed in ice, and her entire appearanoo was weird and alarming. I oearohed high and low over her decka and in her cabins, but found nooignoof either life or doatb. I wao just ooming away from her cabin, filled with wonder ond awo at the otrango rencontre, whon I saw, pinned to tho cabin tablo with an old-fashioned dagger, a pieoo of paper, yellow with age, containing eomo faint writing in a otrango language Upon going ovor it, on returning to my own shir, a Dutoh oailor aaid it was in his tongue, but oomo of tho words wero now out of ueo. It read thuo: ' Christmas, 1705 a.d. ' Thio day wo muot leave tbo Bhip- We have been without food, Bavo one ptarmigan, for two days. Tbo ship is frozon foat in the ice, with all hor aaila cot, and wo ore not otrong enough to furl them. Wo must try to find land, whero tho oavagco may feed us or put ub out of our misery. Why did wo over seek for health in thoso frozon oeoo? It is—-' And thero tha writing booamo illegible.' 'And did you you leave tho old ship thcro ?' asked Fred. ' ' No ; wo burnt her. Sho had been career iug over tho deep long onongh, freezing fast when winter came, and set Ioobo in the spring, for 03 years. ' And io thio tho strangest thing that over happened in your expcnenco at cea?' 3 asked. ' Yes, by far tho otrangCBt.' ' That bcata tha Young Pbconix hollow,' oaid tho firot mato, going bolow. Wo woro silent for n momont or two* Then Sammy Sourleo como rattling down from tho maintop.mftst head, crying 'Hera comes a blows, ' ? ' j 