Some months 8go when dealing with a Speech delivered by Lord Salisbury, wherein he Btated that hostile tariffs composed Britain to foster trade under her own flag, we showed that the Free Trade policy of England was now actually on trial for its very life, and tbe Speech delivered last week by tbe Premier at Hastings sounds the note of a battle cry that will assnredly ring throughout England in the near fatnre, and will shape the political life of the Conntry. Events have proved that the Manchester creed was founded on error. This we are fully aware will be deemed rank heresy by the disciples of (Jobden ; but we challenge any student of the history of the abolition of the Corn Laws, and the consequent adoption of Free Trade, to deny that the policy was accepted by Great Britain in the delusive hope that Free Trade blessings would be bo rapidly and splendidly demonstrated that all Nations -would abolish tariffe, and that the dawn of ' the Parliament of Man, the Federation of the world,' was at hand. *' So surely as to morrow's sun will rise in the Heavens ' prophesied Cobden, ' bo surely will the Nations of the world, following Eng- 1 lond's example, establish Free Trade ! within ten years.' Half a century has passed, and we see how miserably the | prophecy has failed. So far from the j Cobden dream being realised, never in the history of the world has there been such antagonistic tariffs as at present Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, the United States, the South America?. Canada, the AuBtralias, South Africa— all have raced in the erection of barriers against the trade of Great Britain, and whilst England throws open her market?, bringing her workers into direct competition with the world, there ip scarcely a port in the civilised world which admits English goods until a very heavy tariff has been paid. To-day England stands facc to facc with this gigantic problem ; and it will indeed be well for the workers of the Mother Country if her statesmen shake off the yoke of idealism, the baneful con servatism of exploded creed, and deal as practical men with the National business of the State apart from prejudice, and with the 6inglc object of the welfare of the Nation. During the last decade the fallacies of free importation have been subjected to honest criticism by the younger 6chool of British politi cians, who refnse to recognise any special pacrcdness in the Cobden oreed, and British politics to-day embracc a vfery considerable number of straight-going Protectionists. The fetish of Free Trade ie dying, like all other false ; u;«eds. under the glare of practical ex perience and honest research. There cr.n hr no Free Trade for England whilst every Nation and Colony in the world is building np barriers against her exports Free Trade thus degenerates into free importation, and, as Lord Salisbury pithily exclaims — 'This i9 noble humility, but it is not business.' Free Trade means free interchange. This was the basis on which the policy was adopted in England, the Man chester school, in all their arrogance dogmatic pride, asserting that given Free Trade in England and her example would be followed by the world in ecstacies of delight. The result haw proved how terribly erroneous was this teaching, and Free Trade in England j will, we venture to assert, speedily re present bat another shattered idoL Of coarse it will take time to blow away the cobwchs from the conservative mind of the Manchester school ; but want is a swift teacher, and shut-down factories, untilled farms, and starving workers will prove a very strong lever to turn the ]-olitical wheel at fnturc elections. In England the old dividing lines of Con servative and Liberal li&ve; practically disappeared. It is a^ very moot question if the party led by Lord Salisbury, the Duke of Devonshire, Messrs. Balfour and Ch&mberlain; are not more truly liberal than are the followers of Messrs. Gladstone and Morley, Lord Bosebery, and the Duke of Kimberley, un doubtedly, at the next elections the I Protectionist and Labor vote will carry | many Beats totally independent of the I worn-out ehibboleth of Conservative or Liberal. | Tub statement recently made at the Silver Queen Meeting by Mr O. E. Feathers tone, Chairman of Directors, demands earnest consideration and care fol scrutiny by shareholders, not only in the Qaeen, bat in many other companies working claims on tbe Western Silver Fields. Mr Featherstone stated 'that during his recent visit to the Silver Fields he had seen things which would justify him in resigning his position as Chairman of Directors ; bat that he did not like to do so in the face of ? their present position. There was no denying the fact that thousands of pounds hid been squandered on the Field for which there was no help, as directors were at the mercy of mining managers ' This is not cheerful news for shareholders, who have in many instances struggled in the face of serious depression to pay calls for the legitimate development of their claims ; and ' thus bad begins, but worse remains behind-' In its isBue of Saturday, the Zteltan Herald, in . advo-. eating the claims of the miners against; the proposed reduction of wages, says : — ' Here aUo another great inducement for wage-earners is absent, viz., per manent employment. There is not one mine on the Field which can be said to offer permanent employment to any con siderable number of men, and, with the exception of two or three, there are none where even a few men can expeot em ployment for a sufficient time to warrant them in bringing their wiveB and families here.' If tibia be true, what about the glowing reports furnished weekly or fortnightly by mining managers ? So many leet driven tor the iortmgnt ; loae so many feet wide, carrying splendid galena ; soores of tons of ore at grass, and thousands of tons in sight, etc* A gentleman, a practical engineer, and well versed in mining, who recently re turned from the Western Silver Fields, having visited the mines with the in tention of largely investing declined to bay a single share, stating that whilst the Field was good, he would not invest under existing management, and, amongst many severe strictures passed, added — ' The Directors shonld supply a few yard-measures to enable the dis tances driven and sunk to be tested, many of the present reports being simply nonsense.' It is useless to dis guise the fact that very great dissatisfac tion is openly expressed by scores of shareholders on the qufStion of the management of the Western Silver Fields, and the directors and mining managers should immediately demand careful*' investigation into such charges as those made publicly by Mr Featherstone and the Zeekan Herald, If these charges are nntrne, then an undeserved condemnation is directly made against the capability and in tegrity of mining managers and directors, and very materially damaging the Field. If the statements made are correct, then it behoves the share holders to effect immediate and drastic reforms in the management of claims. The meeting to be held to-morrow evening in connection with the Yonng Men's Christian Association is of great importance, for the life or death of the institution appears to be in the balance. We understand that the Company who erected the buildings expended thereon about £3500, and a mortgage of £2000 exists, the interest on the latter bring pud by the Association, making their rent £120 per annum. With a mem bership of about 350, meaning a direct revenue of upwards of £200 per annum, this expenditure should be fiasily met, but it is regrettable to find that the Association is so far in debt that unless an effort is made speedily it must col lapse. Such a position is far from satisfactory, for there is a splendid field for such a body as the Young Men's Christian Association, and with a really good reading-room, gymnasium, and baths, it is extraor dinary to find that the Association cannot keep its head above water. An appeal is now being made to the public for assistance, and the meeting to be held to-morrow evening is to consider whether any schema can be devised to place the Association on a firmer basis. We imagine that the task is not a difficult one, and with the splendid nucleus possessed by the Association, and a numerically strong membership, there is really no reason why the Asso ciation should not occupy a flourishing useful position. Tbe chief business at Friday's meeting will be to fake steps to raise a guarantee fand of £200 — half of which has already been obtained — to secure tbe services of a permanent secre- : tary, and undoubtedly the absence of such an officer is largely responsible for the position into which the Association has drifted. It would be a great pity if such an Association were permitted to die for want of a little practical assist ance. and it is to ha hoped that . the meeting to-morrow evening will be well attended and have a satisfactory issue. Oity Police Oofbt.— Messrs. G. W. Waterhouee, P. M , E Wbitfeld. and H. Con way, J's.P,, occupied the bench at this oonrt yerterday. Joshua Munnings. aped 19, was proceeded against for letting off fireworks on the 23rd inst , and was admnnifhtd and dis charged. Eliza Roeera, aped 09, was fined 10s, with the alternative of fonr dsyit' Im prisonment, for disturbing the public pe^c-* on the 24th in«t. The charge against Henry A Sands, on bail from the 21st inst.. upon an accusation of obtaining goods from E. Adams by false pretences was withdrawn. The accused was represented by Mr. M. J. Clarke, He was afterwards charged on war- rant with having, on or about the 30th December, obtained from Joseph S. Lee, of Zeehan, a quantity of timber and nails by a certain false pretence with intent to defraud, and wm remanded to Zeehan, being admitted to bail in £100 personal recognisance, with one eurety of £100 to appear on June 6, at 10 a.m. Edith Maud Florence Burgess, aged 16 sued William Frederick Miller, aged 17, for the maintenance of his child. Mr M. J. Clarke appeared for complainant, and Mr J B. Waldron for defendant. By consent of the parties the paternity of the child was admitted, the question arising being as to the amount of contribution, and as to whether the defendant should be ordered to find sureties. Mr Waldron contended that the defendant, being only 17 years of age, should not be called upon to do so. Mr Clarke urged that point as being the very best pos- sible reason why he should be directed to find security. The bench, after considera tion, fixed the amount of maintenance at 3s a week, and ordered defendant to pay 7s 6d costs and £1 ls counsel's fee. The defen- dant was also ordered to enter into a recog nisence, himself in £20 and one surety in a similar amount, for the fulfilment of the pay- ments. BRSKYOLtawrSoaiwTY.— The usual maeting of the executive committee of the Benevolent Society wae held In the Mayor Woom, Town Hall, yesterday afternoon, when -.tfrere were present— Messra. J. Stephenson ('chairman), B. P. Farrelly, G. Baker, G. Wilklna, W. R. Barwood, J. Toilooh, J O. Genders, M. lyeon, J. T. Farmilo, T. Gladman (treasurer), and the eecrklary (Mr R. Cameron). The i pe ore tary read his report, which shoved that np to the present he had visited 80 recipients, and although one or two cases required more I investigation, he thought on the whole the I rations granted . were riven to deserving parsons. He drew attention to the large number of single men who were now apply- j ing for rations, as well as to the increasing ! numbers who were now being granted tern- ; porary relief pending their admission to the Invalid Depot. The temporary relief grafted the past fortnight was as follows Twelve men (one of whom was sent to the country at a cfBt of 6s 4d to the society), 9 women, and 13 children. With the exoeption of four cises the men were all over 60 years of age, and with three exceptions tbe women were all over 65 yeart. On tbe permanent roll there wero now 35 men, 71 women, and 141 children. The secretary also acknowledged the r-o?fpfc of a parcel of clothes from an unknown doner, and 103 from MVs AnMo. i ne cnairman annonnoea in&t; ait sirs. £Uiecs and Sons. L' no.ford, had, through their at^eutB, Me.'iTS. Li 00 siy Tullo:b and Co, maie a doaati n of two bags of roller flour and one bag of oatmeal, and the secretary wae in structed to convey the thanku of the com tiiitfi-j! vri tbe honors. The qurst'on of tho distribution of firewood was left in the hands of the secretary. The meeting then closed. Technical School Boabd. — A meeting i.-f the Technical Hohool Board was held in (lie Public Buildings last night, when there were present— Messrs. P. Barrett, M.H.A (chairman), A North, J. Scott, J. Humphries, and A Evershed (secretary). Mr North pro ; posed, and Mr Soott seconded — -( That ladies I K* Intn ftin o/»linnl an A tW. TTrfAnv eresSngp be set apart for their tuition.' The chairman, in submitting [the motion, which was unanimously carried, eaid he entirely agreed with the proposal, as he believed every member of the committee did, and he thought it would be an expedient step to re duce tbe fees for ladies. It wan thai de cided, in order to make the ladies' claasaes as popular as It was possible to do, to reduce the fees for admission to Ss 6d a term. The secretary reported that tbe instructor in chemistry had expressed his willingness to conduct a olass for ladies on any afternoon that may be determined upon, and it was de cided that the secretary should ciroulate posters containing all the necessary informa tion regarding the establishment of classes for ladies. Mr North was instructed to pre pare plans of the proposed alteration to tbe school, wbioh the ohairman pointed out : would increase tbe accommodation by four j rooms, Thie being all the business the meet ing closed. meeting of the Benevolant Society held yes terday afternoon, among a number of appli cations for relief was one of an old recipient, whose increasing years have compelled himit? ' lay down the shovel and the hoe' and seek tbe cmfort that *he Invalid Depot affords to the aged and destitute. Mr Farrelly sug geitad the Depot was the best place for such applicants for relief, as they would at least get shelter and attention. The secretary, however, stated that the Depot was now crowded almost to excess. Beds had to be improvised on the floor, and there were several applicants now waiting admission. ??Why don t they Bend a' batch to Hobart?' said Mr Farrelly, and the secretary informed the meeting that he understood a number were goine down on Friday to make room for some of those who during the winter would have to be housed in the Deist. The present is evidently a critical time, '^oth for the Benevolent Soc'ety and the Depot, as tho flhairman remarked at the meeting of the society 3 esTerday that the number of persons who applied for relief during the past fortnight was creater than he had ever known before for a similar period, Cbaythobnk Wesleyan Sukday School. — A correspondent reports :— The anniversary tieit in connection with the Oraythoroc Wesleyan Sunday-school was hold on Tuesday. There was fcot-racing for the children, and some very nice prizes wore distributed ; every child attending the sshool received a prize. At 3 p.m. the children were supplied with eliblcs of an excellent description. After tea some very interesting games were indulged in, and these were heartily e& j -yed till about dusk, after which a public meeting was held. Mr Pickford gave a very interesting and instructive address. Various songs, recitations, etc-, were rendered and fully appreciated, and the meeting was brought to a close by (ringing the National Anthem, after which the chil dren had an exhibition of fireworks, Thb Campbell Town Show.— is the date of this show is now drawing near (June 8), we once mar1 Tetn'nd intending exhibitors that entries close with the secre h itv. Mr Tlnospll Gibson, at Oamnhell Towm on Saturday. If prize money his anything to do with the success of a show, that to held under the auspices of the Midland Agricultural Association shortly shonM be a grand one, as in every s:c Hon pp'endH prizes are offered, among them being 25 guineas for the best horse in the 12st hunters class, and 10 guineas for tbe winner of the 10et class. The general mana ger of the Government Railways has kindly arranr^vl to have the 6 p.m. train from Launceston on Show day detained sr- as to connect with the train leaving Campbell Town in the evening at Evanda'e Junction, thus enabling people coming by tbe Western Li^e to visit tne Show and return the sam-^ day, A Bolt,— After the courting meeting at Wertwooi yesterday, upon the return journey, a horse attached to a spring cart containing two of the dogs, Danger and Curio, that had bees running bolted when about two miles on the road. The horse after crossing the bridge which spans a creek attempted to pass a vehiele ahead of it, and in doing so brought the cart into co' lision with a fence, breaking down two pinols. The vehicle was nearly capsized, ns at that point there was a very iteep bank, , over the edge of which one of the whee'6 j went. No one was hurt, nor was the trap damaged, but the traffic was stopped for a little while. The occupants of a wagonette which oame up at that moment lent their aid, and the cart was righted, tbe journey being renewed. The Fibewo*ks Nuib4 --ce,— The ens torn of exhibiting feelings of loyalty to the Sovereign and the British Constitution, as ox presfed in the explosion of ortckers upaa the &nafrers;?ries ot tbe Qaeen's Birthday and the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot, and for a few davs before and after those events, ia unfortunately attended with considerable I danger to life aud property, Daring the ! f-renmD of yesterday some fireworks were let off by a neighbor of Dr. Holmes in Oharl'B-street, the explosion frightening a number of horse* that were in the yard at the time. Two of the animals, one belonging t-- the doctor, snd tbe other, whioh had brought a load of hay to the yard, were so startled that they bolted out of the yard, 'ne of them trampling upon the shafts of a bupgy and breaking them. It is stated that several time* lately Dr. Holmes has been. sub- jected to considerate annoyance from a similar cause, and unfortunately it ie not tbe only case of the same nature. A pair of horses in the early part of the week were sUxtl'd in tbe street through the explosion I of a lighted cracker under their feet. Whilst 1 no one would desire to probi *-it the u«e of fire- 1 works absolutely, stal1, where gross careless ness or wanton mischief are proved, the penalties presoribed by the law shonld cer tainly b* enforced. As a matter of fan the public street is no place f°r a pyrotechnic display, even upon the smallest scale, and the discharge of detonators within a limited dis tance from a thoroughfare should be punish able with becoming severity. Disputed Pbopebty Sale— A esse of some considerable looal interest: will ba heard to-day in the Equity Division of the Supreme ^ourt, Hobart. It appears that on April 25 Mrs O. J* Dorian put up for auction : t Bell's mart, a cottage at Iuvermay, descrlh' d in tha advertisement a« containing rix rooms, which wan knocked down to Mr Jam^s Cor grove for £345. On tbe following day Mr Coagrove repudiated the contract on tbe ground that tke cottage contained only four rowns. The vendor has taken nut a sum mons under the Vendor and Pnrchaser'8 A' t, 1875 t*-o compe1 Mr CosgTOve to c-mplete the purchase, and Mr F. O. Hobkirk has hcen re tained for the plaintiff, the tervfoea of Mr M. ,T. Clarke being secured for the defendant. Bo'b legal gentlemen left yesterday for the cap!' al. TECHSioiXi Eduoatioit foe Womii. Thrae ladles in Xiaunceston who have ex pressed their .desire to ttke advantage ,ot the instruction impute! at the Technioal School will xeoeive with satfstaotlon tha intelligence that tha board have decided to set apart Friday night inca^h week for ladies* olaseea. The instruct): in chemistry willa'ao conduot a claw on any afternoon to be fixel, if suffl cient pupils de-ride to study this Fdlence. All information respecting the subjects, time of ] meeting, and tees, whioh have been reduced 1 to a merely nominal figure per term in the hope of making the c'assss popular, will be I issued In the form of a oircular by the secre I tary in a -few days, The step will doubtless I be regarded as one In keeping with the advanoed notions of the latter end of tbe nmeveentn oentury — an age in wnion doc trines like ° A little learning is & dangerous thing' have no Hold upon the average mind, and an epoch of the world's history in which it is recognised that a little learning is infi nitely preferable to a lot of ignorance, whether in the case of men or women. It is to be hoped that the decision of tbe board will meet with general approval and support, and that ladies intendlog to join will forward their names to the secretary /'Mr A. Brarshed) as earlv'as Dosaible. In view of the admission of ladies to the school, and the anticipated addition to the male pupils, thn board at thair meeting held last mgbt deolded ti proceed with the alterations to the sohool quarters which, when finished, will add four rooms to those already in use, Expansion of the British Bhfibb.— This 1b a subject which should prove espe cially Interesting here, and it is evidently one that admits of greit variety of handjiog. During' the past three montns Mr Water house has led the members of his olaBS through die study of the early days of English colonial enterprise in India. The , next two classes will be addressed by tne Rev. F. J, Nance, Ml., on the subject of Australian colonisation. The class, as will be seen fipm our advertisement column, meets at 77 Cameron-street at 4 30 to-day. Dramatic.— We understand arrangements are being completed for the appearance, at the Academy of Muslo shortly, of that famous Australian actor, Mr Georga Bignold. It is about five years ago slnoe Mr Rignold paid a visit to Tasmania, when he had an almost phenomenal season. He was the first to produoe in this colony that splendid military drama, '* In the Banks,11 and the atill more successful play, 41 Oalled Back.' ; Mr ifigrold and company are at present play I ing to splendid business in Adelaide. Ulvebstone — Our correspondent wrote vesterdav : — The committee in connection with the 1 0.0 F. sports, held on Queen's Birthday, met at o'Meara's Hotel *on Tues day evening, for the purpose of settling, aud also of disposing of the various protests entered. Dr. 8prott occupied the chair, and there were about twelve of tbe committee present. In the case of the protest by Haydon in the Sheffield Handicap, the com mittee having disqualified him dismissed the protest. In tbe oase of Fitzgerald in the Sheffield, and Badcock and Uhatwyn in the Hurdle and Quarter Mile, the committee adjourned for three weeks in order to collect 1 information. The total pr?c:eda from all sources were about £66, and this, it is anti cipated, will show a credit balance to the order.— An entertainment was held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening under the auspices of the Ulverctone Dramatic Olub. Mr J. A. Fogg occupied the chair. There was a good house, aad about £12 was realised, which was in aid of tbe brasc band and the dramatic club combined. The en tertainment was a very creiitablc one. After this the ball was cleaned, and dancing was kept up until the small hours, about 20 couples taking part. Victoria Hall, Be ^oonefield.— The new publio building at Beaconsfield, known as the Victoria Halt, a full description of which appeared a ehort whl'e ago iu the Daily Telegraph, was opened on Tuesday evening with a concert iu aid of the local Church of England fund. The entertain ment was a decided success, and the audience was a large and appreciative one. Messrs. G. C. Gilmore, W. Hill, and T. W. Rule went down to Beacansfield to assist in the cjncert, which lasted from 8 o'clock until 11, over 30 items being contributed. The interior of tbe building is deForibed as being not unlike tho Bijou Hall in this city, with eeatlug accom modation for between 300 r.nd 400 parsons, the acoustic pnpertfei be.iue oxcclidnt. It is rumored tbat '? The Muffs ' intend to pay a visit to Beaconsfield shortly. False Pretences. — A woman named Marv Wattle was arrested vesterdav no & charge of having obtained a silver watch from one of her ma'.e acquaintance*, by means of fatre pretences. She will be charged with the offence at the Oity Police Court this momins Philatelic.— Those interested in what may now be considered the science of stamp collecting will be pleased to know tbat prose - cutions undertaken by the Philatelists' pro tection Association of London, have resulted in several of the olass known as ' fakers' aud manufactmers of forged stamps being sentenced. ' Dr.' Assmus wae ordered to undergo a term of three year*' imprisonment at the Londoa Cea'rAl Criminal Court in February last, and Benjamin, Jeffries, and Sarpy, who were more or less implicated in fraudulent dealing, received sentences of four to six months at the Old Bailey, on the 14th March. These vria s were interesting as being tbe first prou.cutions Instituted under the statute recently psssel in the British Legislature for the suppression of the manufacture and sale o? forced poEtage or other stamps. Similar laws hav^ been enaoted in various Continental countries, and it is reasonable to 6uppo*e that for the future ' gtampo'-mauif-cs will be protested against being victimised by the vendors of flcti'ions rarities and novelties It is worthy of note tbat philately has reached to sucn a pitch ai to require spcoial lezialaiim for the protection of itB votaries Co corn ing the va uc of such collect ozb it, may be stated that a series belonging to a well known Australian enthusiast was rtceatly disposed of in London for no 'ess a sum than £1500 cash. At the ?.me lime it may be interesting to t!io uniniiiitcd to learn that the largest business carriei on in Europe in the way of dealing with those articles is conducted in the t--rm ot a limited liability compauy, with a capital of £20,000, and which, it is understood, yields not a little profit to those interested in the under taking. Masonic Social.— At the Masonic Hall this evening a social will b-* i^iven by the members of St. John's I odge, No. 2, T.C , in the shape of a concert and dance For once iu a way the wives and daughters of members will be permitted to a'.tend this Masonic gathering, and brethren belonging to other lodges are fraternally invited. I Western Australia — Uthoigh hold- 1 ing tbe premier position acd oossessing ade- I lightful climate, Western Antt a!ia has long j been the most backward ro'ony of the group, j the principal reason it being until recently a 1 Orown colony ; but now that responsible j government has been granted Bhe has become I a formidable rival oE the eastern colonies. The present influx is over 100 weekly, every boat being crowded to exoess. With bet un , developed pastoral resources, her splendid agricultural land, her gold, silver, tin, copper, . lead, and coal mines, tbe extensive pearl fisheries, and isexhau6tibie forests of jarrah timber, Western Australia has a wealth un | known in thi other colonies. With an area of ; 678,400,000 acres, and a population of only j 46,000, it offers capitalists and othe's a r&'e field for investment Land in Perth, the CBpital city and seat of government, is ! becoming rapidly more valuable, £160 pet foot being offered for choice blocks ; but s^me of the be$t land in the city may still be pur chased at a few shilling* a foot, terms to suit everyone Mr P. Oallaghan, jun., the well known and old-established estate agent, of 134 Swannton-street, and 97 Brisbane-street. Launceeton, recently visited this 'earning colony,' and established agencies throughout I Western Australia, Altogether, over four j million acres havo been placed in his hands I for pale on very liberal terms. Plans and » c lurwaraea to any person desiring to invest in 'the best in vestment of the day.' A written izunrantee will be given that the land in high', dry, free from rock, swamp, gullies, etc,— in'fact.' per fect building land. Allotments /n P rth from £6 5b each No deposit ; no Interest. Free doede. Each lot payable 2s 63 weekly ; title clear certificate, unencumbered. The Launceeton office is under the mauagrmeut of Mr O. H. 8nazelle, who will be pleased to ?ive intending purchasers full information. Particulars pasted to any address. Photo graphic views of Perth and suburbs showing tbe land tor 6ale, to be seea at tho office, 97 Brisbane-street, /ja^nccstou. Horns, 9 a.m till 8 p.m.— [AiiYT 1 Wn^rprDof Inverness Coat, 32b tn 70a. Watciproot Coat-i, deep cape, with or with out sleeves, e-ewn throughout, best value in oity, [Advt.] j, h. ROOM, Brisbane-street. SfjoirSQALB—A correspondent report* ? — Quite f/jtoW i assembled at the Mechanics Institntf/oa Tuesday evfihiogj theatt^tion being ad entertainment oigauiaed by Mr Arthur Nich 'ls in aid of the new AfigHwn Ohnroh.and before the curtain ross the house was packed in every part. Tbe fi^haUof the programme oonBlstad of a ccnoert, ine ? \ ? ? tLa VI.OB1 SaHnhnrv and Uf A. Heaalewoai was well rendered. Miss Lade sang '- Venetla ' sweetly, and tho nma jjay be m14 ot Mitt DaMer'e 'Love ™'- land.' Hiss »cclesferae'« eong 'The chll Jtsn'a home ' met with general approval. 1Mb lady and her brother received an encore oil appearing in the ' A.B.O. ' duet. Dr. jactaon'B oomlo eong was most amusing, and a duet by Mrs Lee and Miss Dsreley and an Instifunen'Al duel by the Htaoi Lade were toth appreciate!. Mr AitByr Nichols recited the closet soene from 'Hamlet, BpeaMng the three parts— Qneen, Ghost, snd flamlot ? with ail intensity »nd dramatic force whioh surprised ns i Ms different ohanges o£ voice and manner were excmeuif ? 1 elooution was a treat to listen to. The even ing's amusement closed with a Sparkling oomedietta entitled 'Sugar and «««, which evince* signs of careful rehearsal. It was mist excellently played, kept the house convulsed with laughtei from start to finish, and went without a hitch. Dr. JackBtms make-up was exceedingly good as the old man, Mies Bella Campbell looked charming and aotcd with grout natural vivacity and grace as tbe fascinating young widow, Mies Maud Sailer was a capital Spruce, and Mr Arthur Nichols as Frank treated ns to a bit of genuice light comedy, infusing a great amount of life and go into the part, Clerical Strip1®.— A Sydney exenange states that a meeting was held at Goulburn «« w^nnaAaT- Tifoht to arranee for starting a fund to pay the incumbenfs stipend, and carry on the paroohial work independent of the Cathedral Council. Rev. A T. Pnddi combe, president, and Rev. Mr OolliEson, late I precentor, were present. During the dis cussion Mr Lansdowne said they desired peace, but as the council refused €0 recognise the churchwardens they were forced to pro vide for themselves. The Bev. Mr Pnddi combe said the pynods in Goulburn were always pacsea. iraguou vuww of canon to force the oouncll to take pro ceedings against him. The Bev. Mr Oollisson said tbe strife bad oost three lives, including that of the late bfobop, whom it had hurried to the grave. He said the trouble was steeped in blood, aud tbat thousands 'were leaving the church. He bad never spent Buch a missraVe time in church life as in Goulburn. The strife was a scandal on the ohnrch, and a disgrace to Christianity, and he thanked God heartily that he was going back to old England, where they had pesc and unity. Ho implored them to give up Colored Labor in Queekblakd. — The new regulations in conneotion with the Poly nesian labor have been passed by the Queens land Executive. The instructions to tic Government agents remain praotioally the same as before (savs an exchange), but the agents are enjoined to enforce the regulations unhesitatingly. The regulations for vessels are considerably altered. The principal new clauses provide that no ship be allowed to carry a greater quantity of firearms or ammunition than is required for an ordinary ship's use, and no llqnor beyond a certain quantity, and that no liquor Bhall ba given to any islander ; also for the separation of the sexe? on board the ahip, a restriction on tbe recruiting of women and a variation of tbe die 'ary scale. The csptaln of a vessel infringing any of these regulations will be forbidden employment in the traffic again for ever. Recruiting is not to be allowed under any circumstances iu tho absence of the Government agent, and he must inform himself by personal observation and {nnnlMr that avert? intpndin? recruit understands the nature of his engagement. The Government agents are to wear a dis tinguishing uniform. Another new rule pro vides for compensation being sent to the friends of any islander who dies in Queens land. One ot tbe most important of *he new regulations relates to the provi ion of llfc aavlng appliances and tho mode of inspection of vessels before their departure. Viennese Unemployed — At the begin ning of March there were in Vienna 40 000 skilled workmen without occupation. This was one-fifth of ah the workmen of the city There were 4000 turners, almost all mother of-pearl turners, who were thrown ont after the passage of tbe M4K-nley Bill. The bakers out of work numbered 2200. After last year's strike bakers were summoned from tbe provinces, and ths strikers bad not been employed since. Large numbers of masons came to Vienna in expec auan 01 tne worxs for Greater Vienna teing started, and tbore were 4700 in the city without employ. There were besides 3200 masons' laborer?, 7000 shoemakers (aftar last year's strike many manufacturers went, to liohemla and settled there), 6000 carpenters, and 9000 metal workers, Recently 4000 loaves were distributed, and 6000 men and women waited for them. Bible Leotijre, Wesletan Church.— Last eveciug the Bev, W. Law delivered his tbird lecture in the Patteison-street Wes leyan Church upon the international Sunday school lessons, a subject which be has taken up more especially for tbe ben&fit; of Sunday school teachers. The p -rtioa of scripture Beleoted was tbe second book of Daniel, in whioh is recorded the dream of Nebuchsd nezsar. Special refcrenoe was made to the latter part of the chapter iu which tbe stone typioal of the Kingdom of God is described as besoming a great mountain, aud covering the whole earth. The attendance was large, and the address was a most interesting one to the students of Biblical prophesy. The Balaclava Charge.— One of the survivors of the famous charge of tho Six Hundred, Police Sergeant-Major John Bevin, died at Duncdin (New Zealand) on the llth inst. Bom at Baudon, Oounty Cork, in 1831, John Bevin, after serving an appren ticeship to the carpentry trade, en. in ted in the cavalry, and in 1854 he sai'ed with hie regimant, the 8tb Royal Hussars (the King's Own) for Bulgaria Besides taklnq part in the famous charge be was in the Battles of Alma and Inkerman. He reoeived alto rather 18 won ids from sabres and lanoes. but was never struck by ball. He spent a few weeks in a Russian hospital as prbono:, but was exchanged. On returning to Eng land he was balloted ont when tbe regiment was reduced to a peacc foot'ng. Coming out to Victoria, Bevin entered the police service, and waB rough rider at tbe Richmond Drpot In 1861 he came to Otago aud joined the force. Ho left it for a short psriod to keep a )ive-y stab'-, bit after returning soou gained his praitjjn as sergeant, sad has been BClgCOUb-UiBjWt DUitO lOII. «.C WtU» Oi U, IHO'l kindly dii-trsiti's, and was generally esteemeJ. . He leaves a widow and gro wn-up family of seven. BeAting the Jodioial Record. ? An Bngliah judge, Mr Justice Denmao, has beaten the ' record ' in brevity of Bumming up. It was in a olnim for damages through a street collision. Witnesses gave, of couibc, contradictory accounts of the accident ; but, when all was fioished and counsel had laboriously twisted the facts to t-uit the case of their respective client*, Mr Justice Den man, turning to the jury, eaid — ' How much?' And the jury, with almost equal pnmptitude, replied—' £40,' which included £3 the plaintiff had paid into court. The Late Pabtob Bpubgeon. — M s Spurgeon has crmmnuicatcd to tbe Baptist the fact that the personal estate left by Mr Spnrgwn was really about £2000, Tbe £10,643 represented by tho probate of his will covers a life inBurance for £1000, with bonus additions, and the valuations of all Mr Spurgeon's copyrights ; al^o th« furni ture, the extensive library, aud all other effects at Westwood, where Mrs Spurgeon will not continue to reside. The Psvisw of Rroiewt for April to hand, from Walch Brss. and Birchall's, is one of tbe most valuable nutnbers yet issued of this popular monthly, A late portrait and character sketch of Mr Gladstone is given. The general artioles and reviews concerning present day toplos, and the numerous port raits of nub'ic men and women, are of a diversified and very Interesting character. In our notice relative to the rare specimens of birds fo -warded to the Natural Soienco Association the name of Colonel Home was mentioned instead of Dr. Holden, of Stanley, 