The Railway Commissioners. Mb. Schex certainly accomplisned Bome- thing by his recent campaign against the Hallway Commissioners. It is jxow seen, that he succeeded in raising the objects o£ his detestation from the position of official nominees to that of persons having behind them. & great weight of popular approval, a weight, so far, expressed by 20,000 signatures. The Commissioners, too, have taken public faror as quietly as, with the exception of one slight ebullition on the part of Mr. Eddy, they took4 the dis favor of cliques. The speeches of thanks of Mr. Eddy and Mr. Fehon last night, at the Centennial Hall, at the demonstration organised as a counterpoise to the unworthy allegations of their detractors, were models of what auch. speeches should be. There 'was little said about the discredited slanders the disproving of which had brought the great meeting together, and the speakers did not endeavor to arrogate to themselves praise for any undue share of that success that has distinguished the railway management of New South Wales from that of the neighboring colonies. There was a generous acknowledg ment both of the capabilities and zeal of the staff, and of the difficulties under which Mr. G-oodchap, the former Commissioner, had labored when called upon to manage lines which were constantly being interfered with for poli tical reasons. What was said about the success of the railway administration is brought into somewhat sharper relief to day when one reads that, concurrently with the great gathering in sympathy with, the Commissioners at the Centennial Hall, there was what might almost be con sidered a counter demonstration at Red fern in connection with the movement to do honor to Mr. Hoyle for his action in the Baldwin Engine matter. Mr. Schey has been generally given up, no one has a word to say for him, in his public capacity ; but around Mr. Hoyle, who conducted an attack upon what he genuinely believed to be a mis taken policy, those who wiih to see political management restored can still rally. Ona of the partisans of *diis vanished state of things 'was peculiarly unfortunate at the Redfern meeting. He declared that, if the railways had been left under the old control, there would not be so many million pounds of debt on the country. The only answer to this is that there must have been some millions more. Compare the loose assertion of the admirer of the old regime with the official figures adduced by Mr. Eddy, the genuineness of which anyone can check for himself. The Chief Commissioner shows that the net profits, after paying working expenses, were, for the year ending June last, 226 per cent, in excess of 1888, representing a return on capital invested of 5*28 per cent. as against 1*98 per cent. The Commis sioner's speech went on to refer to the talk of a federation of Australian railways. Certainly whenever so desirable a change is brought about the model for it will rather be taken from tbiB country than from Victoria, where the Commissioners have, been interfered with by politicians insisting upon 'octopus lines,' and the result is something very like bankruptcy, increased fares, and decreased trains. He comes, the most honored of royalty comes, Like a goodly leviathan rolled o'er the waves. Sir Georga Dibbs is, as these lines appear, once more among us, and is ' being received by his admirers with rejoicings, in which something that may almost be described as a hasty harbor picnic forms a conspicuous feature. Whether the programme has been designed so as to afford to the object of all the congratulation the sharpest possible contrasts to dinners with maids of honor and other social delights he has lately quitted has not been expressly stated, but there would seem ground for suspicion that there is some object of this kind. Leaving all jokes aside it is not only Sir George's political supporters who are glad to see him back again. According to the testimony even of some of those who have little political sympathy with him, he, while in London, represented this country and supported its financial interest in a worthy and dignified manner, and for that he deserves credit- Ap for the ornamental distinctions which he has received there may be to some Australians something a little incongruous about K.C.M.G. ships and similar matters, but people who really do not value ribbons and' stars are merely content to smile at them. Bitter attacks on such compliments and decorations come«ither from those who have been bestarred and berib boned themselves, and so do not want anyone else to approach their pinnacles of glory, or else from, people who would like to be bestarred and beribboned but know that they stand a very poor chance of arriving even at that not very dazzling pitch of magnifi cence. Sir George Dibbs was exceedingly well received in London, and was made a sort of lion of. The persons here who were stirred to rage by this were a very small minority, and their reasons were largely personal. The ordinary New South Wales man, ^whether protectionist or freetrader, was pleased to hear of a iepresentative fellow-citizen being held in honor in a distant part of the world, and wonld have been annoyed had he been in any way slighted. Sir George took frequent occasion to assure his English host* that he took courtesies extended to him as for the place from which he came and not personally, and this very proper and modest attitude will be remembered now. There is a little matter to be settled up about the triflingly irregular manner in which Sir 'George's travelling expenses were drawn from the Treasury ; but, if we mistake not, that will not prove for him a cause of political shipwreck. r \ .. , It is deplorable to observe the increasing anxiety and excitement at Broken HnJ. One cannot read the telegrams without an uneasy feeling that at any moment a eeriouB outbreak ? may occur. To-xlay's advices are anything but. reassuring. The men on strike axe evidently in a etate of exasperation at the unbending attitude of their late employers and .at the prospect' of their vacated places being filled by other hands.' The Government found it -neces- : sary to dispatch, yesterday, an additional force of 100 police to ttoeoene in o^rl»3^p the peaoej - and they have also had a report prepared by one of the Crown prosecutors on the seditions language alleged to have been used by strikers since the trouble began. The sending of ad ditional police was no doubt determined upon in consequence of the extraordinary movements among the men and the mysterious advice said to have been given to the women to keep in doors. It could not be ' just for fun,' as one of the local papers explained it, that bodies of strikers were drilled in the vicinity of the mines yesterday. The unfortunate men are not in comedy vein at the present time ; and when the authorities find numbers of exasperated men being put through military evolutions they are justi fted in putting the 'worst construction upon their actions. The arrest of the drill master was therefore a wise precaution. There are those who wonld drive the men into taking the law into their own hands, which would simply mean rushing them to the destruction of themselves and their cause, but fortunately wiser councillors are not wanting among the ranks of the strikers. More than one of the speakers at the meeting yea. terday gave the men sound advice ?which if acted on must ultimately tend to their advant age. The tone adopted by Mr. Hum and Mr. Heberle was specially commendable. The third annual meeting of the CornisTs. Asso ciation, which was held last night, showed that the prospects of that body are tolerably good. A society which has lasted for three years may be considered indeed to have got over some of the worst of the mishaps incidental to infancy. Henceforth its steady growth may be confidently looked for. The Cornish Association is certainly one of those which deserve to last, and the existence of which is associated with ideas which. good men of every nation ality must alike respect. It has no political objects. It only aims at the promotion of goodwill among the Cornishmen who have made New South Wales their home, while at the same time helping to keep alive the memories of the old home. As has often been remarked, people in whom such memories are altogether dead are very seldom susceptible to feelings which would render them particularly desirable citizens of any country. Pretty much on the same principle as, according to the old saying, a bad son is nsnally a bad husband, so a man who is altogether forget ful of his mother land is not very likely to care much for the land of his adoption. Success then to the New South Wales representatives of that old Celtic corner of England. From what was said at the monthly meeting of the Cambrian Society last night in Quong Tarf's rooms, it seems probable that the Eisteddfod which is to be held in the Town Hall on the Prince of Wales's Birthday will be a very remarkable one. The choral competition should be especially so. Besides those from other quar- ters, some hundreds of voices are expected from the Newcastle district. Mr. Hector McLean and Signor Hazon are to be the musical judges, while Professor McCallum is to act as literary judge. It is of course to be hoped that the ghosts of none of the ancient Welsh bards or chroniclers will be "vexed" at the idea of contributions of a musical or literary kind in honor of their country being submitted to the decision of three such unmistakable outsiders — albeit accomplished ones — as Messrs. McLean, McCallum, and Signor Hazon. However, as a sort of set off to these stranger names, that of the reader of a paper at the meeting in question, as well as the name of the hero with whom he dealt, may be noted. The reader was Mr. David Evans, and his subject was "Prince Llewellyn." The way in which the Welsh folk at home and abroad have kept up their national traditions and a knowledge of their ancient language is highly to their credit. That fact has certainly never made them less desirable neighbors for anybody. By the way, one of the mistakes which Welshmen find com- monest among foreigners is that of imagining that the ancient Cymric tongue is harsh and uncouth. This they say is an absurdity as great as that which Eussians allege to have been committed by the English satirist when he spoke of A Russian, whose dissonant consonant name Almost rattles to pieces the trumpet of fame. The Russian, like the Welsh, is said to be really a most euphonious and musical language. 