The Adbertiser FRIDAY, AUGUST 5, 1892. THE Holder Government, spurred on by Mr. Catt, have succeeded in securing the resumption of correspondence with the New Sooth Wales authorities on the River Murray waters question. The first communication received by the Premier from Mr. Barton on the subject was a re- . quest for s copy of the letter written to the late Premier of New South Wales, Sir Henry Parkes, more than two years ago. It is not surprising to learn that the l>aj?ers relating to the South Australian proposal for an intercolonial conference as to intercolonial rights in the Murray waters were relegated by Sir Henry Parkes to some obscure pigeonhole and have been lost. Sir Henry has never sought to disguise bis opinion that the attempt of this colony to interfere in any way with the appropriation of the Murray waters within New South Wales territory is a piece of unwarranted impertinence. Even if he had not taken that view of the matter be would hare been inconsistent with himself had lie attached much importance to representations from another colony in faror of adopting a line of action contrary to his own prejudices or inclinations. Sir Henry burkes is a tremendous egotist, with strong and well ' developed elements of self-will and un reasoning obstinacy in his character. It trill not be forgotten how, at the time of the Chinese scare a year or two ago, he pompously declared that even her Majesty's ships of war could not turn him aside from his purpose. A politician with such grand notions of resistance to Imperial authority, should he not be allowed to pursue his way unhindered, would natu rally have but little respect for communi cations from the Governments of other colonies inviting him to a conference about matters as to which his mind had been made up. Sir Henry Parkes has a reputation for commanding states manship, but assuredly he is no diplomat. He has no idea whatever of the dis tinguished consideration which friendly States owe to each other in their ordinary relations. The two principles that apparently guide him in intercolonial intercourse are that letters, if ignored sufficiently long, will answer themselves, and that, when it is convenient, pro mises which there is no intention to fulfil may be made without hesitation to put a stop to troublesome correspondents, since, like piecrust, promises are only made to be broken. We have had an in stance of the former in Sir Henry's con temptuous treatment of the proposal to confer on the River Murray question, and of the latter in his brazen dis regard of the obligations he entered into for assimilating the law of New- South Wales on the Chinese question to tliat of the other colonies. Three years ago Mr. Playf ord stated in the As sembly that " the Governments of the whole of the colonies who had business with the Premier of New South Wales had had to complain of the exceedingly dilatoiy manner in which he conducted any correspondence when he chose. He kept them waiting months, almost years, before he gave any reply, and in many instances took no notice of the communications sent to him." This is a grave indictment to be preferred by a politician who has on more than one occasion held office as Premier, but facts that arc public property are sufficient proof of the absolute justice of the charge. South Australia has yet to discover whether the Dibbs Government will identify itself with the policy pursued by the Parkes Government, notwithstand ing its reprobation by the New South Wales press, of rejecting or ignoring friendly overtures for a conference on the Murray waters ques tion. We can only hope that Mr. Dibbs and his colleagues will prove to be more reasonable than their predecessors, see ing that this colony has a very strong and practical interest in securing a satisfactory understanding as to intercolonial riparian lights. Already the extensive irrigation schemes which are being carried out by the Victorian Government have affected the flow of the Murray to a serious extent. Moreover, schemes have been authorised or are contemplated in New South Wales which will have the effect of withdrawing enormous volumes of water from the river, to the great detri ment of South Australian interests both as regards navigation and irrigation. One of the results most to be feared is that the interference with the flow of the Upper Murray will give the ocean tides a great extension of their influence, and by rendering the water salt or brackish for a considerable distance up the stream destroy the value of large tracts of agricultural or pastoral country. It seems utter folly to maintain that any one colony can rightly claim the exclusive control of a national waterway. The contention of Sir Henry Parkes that New South Wales is legally in possession of the waters of the Upper Murray to deal with them exactly as it pleases is based on a strained construction of the Imperial Act, 18 and 19 Vie, chap. si, which declares that as doubts have arisen as to the true meaning of the description in the statute separating Victoria from New South Wales of the northern and north-eastern boundary of the younger colony, ♦'the whole watercourse of the River Murray from its source therein described to the eastern boundary of the colony of South Australia is and shall be within the terri tory of New South Wales." From this it is clear enough that the bed of the river is the possession of the senior colony by gift of the "watercourse." The real effect of Im perial legislation is, however, according to very respectable legal authorities, to bestow on New South Wales merely the alvetts fluminis, or channel of the river, and not, as Sir Henry Parkes has rashly concluded, the waters that run in it. The ordinary riparian rights which flow from the ancient and modern law treating running water as bonum vacans, or pro perty without an owner, are there fore left unimpaired. It has in deed been suggested that the explana tion of the fact that the Imperial statute gives to the senior colony only the " watercourse" and not the water is to be found in the circumstance that English judges have often ruled that as running water is bemum vacans the Crown could not properly grant it away. As to riparian aights, under the common law, even Mr. McKinney, the New South Wales Commissioner in charge of the Upper Murray, has Jad mitted in one of his reports that "all authorities seem to agree that no person has a right to take so much of the water of the river as will injuriously affect the supply lower down, and some appear to lay down the general rule that every riparian owner who makes use of the water is bound to return the water un diminished in quantity and unaltered in quality." While admittedly it would be a serious blunder to apply strictly the ordinary principles of riparian law in effecting an arrangement between he three colonies interested which would admit of the reasonable use of the Murray waters both for navigation and irrigation purposes, it is certain that a grave intercolonial question is involved, the settlement of which is of paramount importance if serious complications in the future arc to bo avoided. Sir Henry Parkes lias apparently never recognised that the claim he has set up to deal with the Murray waters exclusively in the interests of New South Wales can be squared neither with British law nor with the acknow ledged principles of international law applicable to riparian questions in analo gous cases. The public international law affecting the relations of friendly States provides that a navigable river passiug hrough several countries cannot be so used by any of them (as to prevent its enjoyment by the rest for the usual requirements of trade. If it were admitted that this principle is that which should regulate the interests of the riparian colonies iv the greatest of Australian rivers, it would be seen at once that the assumption of • New South Wales of the right to exclu sive control of the Murray waters within its territory, and the exercise of that assumed right to the extent of injuring its neighbors, would together amount to such a breach of intercolonial comity as, were the colonies independent States, might be held to justify a declaration of hostilities. Unfortunately public intercolonial law, assuming that it has any real exis tence at all, is in an exceedingly confused and unsatisfactory condition, and, more than that, it lacks any really effective sanctions. South Australia or Victoria, if greatly prejudiced by wholesale appropriations of the Murray waters by New South Wales, might either have resort to some sort of reprisals or make an appeal to the Imperial Govern ment to intervene, but the one course is to be deprecated as inimical to the move ment for colonial union, and the other conflicts with the general desire to settle all purely Australian questions by ex clusively local authority responsible to the Australian people. The true solution of the difficulty is undoubtedly something in the nature of an intercolonial treaty or agreement; and the first step towards it is to hold a friendly conference. The re ciprocal arrangement to be aimed at is, as Mr. Glynn has suggested, one that would contain a definition of riparian rights, make adequate provision for ? minimum of compensation water that should be allowed to flow into or pass by each colony for each month of the year, and the proportions in which New South Wales and Victoria should share for irri gation purposes in the waters of the river flowing between their territories. To secure the proper enforcement of this treaty the creation of a joint trust repre senting the three riparian colonies, and armed with, ample powers, would be necessary. A trust on a basis of this character was proposed in the abortive treaty drawn up by the Royal Commis sions of New South Wales and Victoria some years ago. On that occasion, how ever, South Australia was unwarrantably excluded from any share in the govern ment of the river. Mainly as the result of our protest, the negotiations were abandoned, but the establishment of a River Murray trust in which the owner of the mouth of the rivar would be repre sented appears still to be the only fea sible plan for satisfactorily dealing witli the question. Tub possibility of a cure for habitual drunkenness is a problem on which medical effort has so far expended itself to very little purpose. The utmost that can be said is that while the popular view with regard to the drink question remains much the same as it always was, the more enlightened of reformers are beginning to regard it in a rather different way. It is gradually being recognised that there is a close connection between inebriety and insanity, and that if the former is to be successfully dealt with it must be treated on somewhat similar lines to the latter. It is often suggested that persons convicted in the Police Courts of habitual intoxication should be sent by order of the magistrates to asylums or reformatories specially designed for the treatment of inebriates, and it must be admitted that the mere discipline of a gaol has very little effect in strengthening the will against this particular form of cerebral disease. On the other hand it seems open to doubt whether re straint even in special retreats goes quite far enough. In these colonies, as well as in England and the United States, the experiment has been tried, but although the results have in a proportion of cases been sufficiently encouraging to justify a continuance of effort, the permanence of the good accomplished cannot be regarded as wholly assured. In England, according to Dr. J. E. Usher, a Melbourne physician who has lately imparted to the British Society for the Study of Inebriety the results of his researches extending over several months in Europeand America, the mere detention of patients in asylums has done so little good that it has become a constant practice with physicians to send hardened cases for treatment to the Conti nent. Even in cases where nothing is required but confinement, the twelve months for which a patient who has en tered an inebriate asylum may be com pulsorily detained is deemed too short a time to recover the moral strength that is needed to meet the abundant temptations awaiting the patient on discharge. In Germany, as we have previously shown, a recent Act gives the magistrates power to keep alcoholists nnderlock and key till satisfied of their cure. We. as Britons, are not yet prepared for legislation that would interfere to so considerable an extent with the liberty of the subject. America, according to Dr. Usher, is in the front rank in the arrangements made for dealing with this "newly allowed disease." One of the strangest modes of treatment in that country is what is known as the " whisky cure." This consists in surrounding the patient with whisky so continuously that his whole nature finally revolts, and with this revolt it is claimed his cure is complete and final. All he eats and drinks is impregnated with the spirit; the water in which he washes, the air he breathes, the sheets and pillows upon which he sleeps are all doctored with it. But this treatment it appears is not sanctioned by the general body of pro fessional opinion, and treating liquor as a poison Dr. Usher enlarges upon the danger of its use in any quantity large or small by (patients predisposed to its action. Another order of thera peutics has come largely into vogue, and Dr. Usher found it a common practice in the institutions he visited to use bella donna, opium and cocaine to counteract the craving for alcohol. The result as we might naturally suppose is that one habit is destroyed merely to make room for another. As for the Keeley treatment about which a goo! deal has been said in our cablegrams, Dr. Usher describes it as not merely worthless but dangerous. It is stated that thousands of pounds are annually spent in advertising this "cure," and its discoverer, Dr. Leslie Keeley, having established a hospital in Illinois is now endeavoring to found similar institutions in London and Berlin. His theory is that what is required is a specific that will act directly upon the nerve tissue and repair the damage suffered from direct contact with alcohol, and that each an agent is found in bichloride of gold. In conjunction with this specific, administered hypodermically, whisky is giren as often as desired, and a singular feature of the treatment is tli3 perfect freedom of movement allowed to tbe patient. There is no asylum con nected with the hospital; patients gene rally board in a hotel in the vicinity and attend daily for treatment at Dr. Keeley's office. They are supplied with bottles of eight-year-old pure whisky and told to drink as often as they like. The bichloride of gold, it is claimed, arrests the change that the alcohol would other wise produce upon the nerve tissue and does still more by rendering thejiquor distasteful to the palate, so that it is very hard to convince patients at the cud of three or four days that their last bottle came from the same barrel as the first. By this treatment, it is affirmed, three weeks are sufficient to effect a permanent cure. Dr. Usher, after speaking of the " boom" which this nostrum has created in the United States, says that he has visited many asylums, where after a care ful trial it was rejected, and that a fre quent result of its use was paralysis followed by death or insanity. It is noteworthy that the society before which this statement was made has since pro nounced a very strong condemnation upon the remedy. Still the use of gold in smaller or larger quantities finds support in suck authorities as Dr. Andrew, the leading surgeon in Chicago, Dr. Gray, of Indiana, "a man standing very high as an alcoholic specialist," and Dr. Weir Mitchell, of Philadelphia, "a noted specialist on nervous diseases." In Euroj>e where any specific has been nsed at all ifc has generally been nitrate of strychnine, and Dr. Usher mentions one Russian specialist who claims to have cured 500 cases by this drug. In Aus tralia no special formulre are used, but " tonic remedies are in vogue, and acute symptoms are attended to as they arise." Dr. Usher's researches have convinced him that there is " no better line of treat ment," though it might be supplemented, he suggests, by the isolation of the patient for a period to be fixed by his medical attendant. Compulsory abstention from alcohol in all forms and time to enable nature to repair the wasted tissues are essential conditions of this treatment, which is likely only to be hindered or altogether neutralised by the well-meant exhortations of injudicious friends to " taper off slowly." What Dr. Usher primarily seeks to establish is that habitual inebriety is a physical disease amenable to treatment and capable of cure or alleviation. Granting this theory to be correct, it is important that the public view should be brought into accord with that of the specialist, and until that is done there is only a remote probability of laws being passed enabling the matter to be dealt with properly. In too many cases probably drunkenness is regarded merely as a social and moral offence to be sternly reprobated, and not as a mania requiring to be cured. In some American states, it seems, the legislator is abreast of the specialist, and statutory provision is made alike for the drunkards whose excesses bring them into the hands of the police and those whose unfortu nate habits are known only to their family and friends. The latter may be committed to inebriate asylums on the application of their friends in a manner similar to that which with our selves obtains in the case of lunatics ; whilst for the former class, including those who may be found guilty of minor offences, a mixed penitentiary and inebriate asylum is provided. One m%y readily believe that the outlay on the reformatory system is more than repaid by the saving effected in gaol expendi ture,* of which in most communities a large proportion is incurred because of the drunkard. It would be an immense gain to the community if a plan were devised for converting useless dissolute persons into wealth producers, but for this we are scarcely entitled to hope while we treat all drunkards in the same way and remit to the care of the prison warder cases that might be dealt with more effectively by the physician. His Excellency the Earl of Kintore proposes to be present at the Hunt Club meet at Torrens Park to-morrow. This evening a dinner party will be given at Govern ment House. Tbe strong point of the Assembly is incon sistenoy. On Thursday three and a half hoots were spent on as many clauses of the Land Value Assessment Bill, that measure either in its present form oc as Part vi-g, of the Municipal Corporations Bill has passed through the; Assembly^ three times. Then bonified at (he time consumed in doing bo little work thirty four clauses, tiro schedules, and the title were swept out of the way in fifteen minutes, and the House adjourned with an assumption of recti tude not justified by the circumstances. The Bitting started with a cataclysm of interroga tions concerning The Advertiser paragraph in respect to the Happy Valley tenders, and it was ascertained that tbe Government would do all in* their power to safeguard the interest of local contractors. Members generally, like the Ghost in" Hamlet," appeared to be in "aquas tionableehape/'aiid the result was that half an hour had passed, if nothing else, before their inquisitivene?s'was satiated. Even then, too, the business of the day had to wait while Mr. Castine aired a local grievance. His con stituents are nervous because returned Broken Hill miners have been receiving engagements on the Blyth to Gladstone railway works, and the honorable and gallant major desires that this concession to outside unemployed shall be done away with. The Premier promised acquiescence in the request, while Mr. KounseveQ said when 3be was Com missioner no men were taken on at Happy Valley reservoir who had not been at least 12 months in the colony. The format questions were now called on, and legislators showed more of the kittenish mood by cheer ing Mr. White, who had several interrogations to make, more and more loudly each time he answered to his name. Then the Land Values Aeeeeement Bill came on again in committee at clause 7. The Premier stated that the carrying of Mr. White's amendment excising district councils from the Bill had necessi tated the preparation of a long list of consequent alterations, which were on the files. Mr. Kingston advised that they should be taken pro forma, and that members should be thus enabled to get a dean draft of the Bill before attempting to consider them. The com mittee cheered the suggestion, but Mr. Grainger objected to this summary proceeding, and unkindly hinted that Mr. Kingston was bo accommodating to the Government merely because he was anxious to hurry on with the "Conciliation Bill," which was understood to be the next item to be brought forward. The member for West Adelaide resented the in sinuation, and protested that he only wished to convenience honorable members and to ex pedite the business of (he oountry. Sir John Downer mildly remarked that there was the eatne reason for omitting municipal councils from the Bill as for striking out districts connoila, and that the whole matter was open to argument. So it came about that the fight again began clause by clause. Mr. Solomon opened the battle with a proposition to strike on* th? fprinaiple of "one mm one vote" bom . clause 8 mad fc> insert provieion for a eliding eoale of votes up to cix based upon the assess ment. Sir John Downer, who was the father of the single vote in this connection, fought manfully for his child, while Mr. Grainger said to the other side—"Well you are the most illogical set of people I ever saw. Yoa Bay the poor men arc going to suffer under this Bill, and yet you object to them having a vote." By 34 votes to 11 it was decided to re tain the clause as it stood, and a second attempt by Mr. Johnson to increase the power of property was defeated by 31 votes to & Under clause 9 Mr. Hague tried togive ratepayers ths option of deciding whether or not they would be assessed on the improved or the unimproved value of their land, but tbe division showed 38 votes against him and only] 14 in his favor. When the ntxt clause came before honorable members Mr. Johnson made another attempt to banish the single vote. lie affirmed, among Other things, that the Bill in its present Btate seemed to say that "any one who dares to acquire property is to be got at in some way or other," while he objected to " the tag-rag and bobtail of a town, who have no interest in the place and never intend to have, outvoting tbo propertied classes." No one except the Premier showed much detailed knowledge of the exact meaning of the measure; bat Sir John Downer, Mr. Kingston, Mr. Homburg, and L Mr. Johnson were prolific in sugges tions and explanations. Said Mr. Holder deprecatingly — "This criticism femmtk Btrangely from Mr. Hombarg, who has twice piloted this very Bill through ths Hotue, whOe Mr. Kingston would have had to fight for it too if the Playford Ministry had remained in office." "That's one of the choice things hfc's mis?ed," said Mr. Solomon, and the com mittee laughed. Mr. J. 8.. Kelly, speaking (or the first time this session, advised that the Bill should be held over till the next Parliament, bo that members might have yet another struggle with it, and then Mr. Johnson essayed come farther explanations. When ho had finished a learned dissertation, as uninteresting as it was intricate, Mr. Grayeon said somewhat sarcastically— "Now, that's all very clear," to which Mr. Johnson retorted—"l am speaking loudly enough," and Mr. Kingston added—"That's the principal charm." Mr. Kingston suggested that the Attorney-General should come to tbe help of hi? chief, but the assistance was not needed, for Mr. Holder proved a thorough master of bis subject, and showed great skill and tact in his difficult work. At 10 minute? past G the Bill bad advanced to clause 14, and then the terror of a late sitting suddenly spurted members on to greater execution. At G. 26 all 48 clauses of the Bill with two ecbednles had been ran through and the House had adjourned. S joh is Parliamentary life! A sensational incident in connection with tb? Broken Hill strike oocnrxed yesterday, *ha result of which was that Mr. E. Sleath b? eworn an information for assault against Mr. E. B. Cotton, the manager of the Broken Hill branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank. The hearing of the case will come on this morning, but will probably be remanded. The second batch of coupons was distributed amongst the men on strike yesterday, and the total distribution by the labor defence com mittee amounts to £1,300 a -week. There aro no sign? of any settlement being arrived at, and Mr. Knox who was interviewed in Sydney on Thursday declined to make any statement beyond affirming that while the picket system was maintained affaire would probably remain in their present position. Toe Chief Secretary received a report from the Quarantine Station on Thursday momtaft in which Dr. Hy nee stated that ths patients are improving, but that white the spate are disappearing they are leaving pits, in the skin. These oases were considered at the meeting of the Central Board of Health on Tuesday, and it was stated that Dr. Hynes reported on July 31 that the disease was variola of a mild ype, and that tbe patients had since pro gressed favorably. With respect to the supposed outbreak of smallpox at Prospect we are asked to state 'that the report of Dr. Clindeniog was to the effect that the disease from which the child in ques ion was suffering was not smallpox, but that be did not state in precise terms what the affection was. So far as an alleged case of ■smallpox at College Town is concerned, the Chief Secretary has heard nothing of the rumor, and it may therefore be presumed that it has no foundation. It appears that a scare was caused in East Adelaide in consequence of a resident having two children vaccinated, and perhaps this gave rise to the report. The members of the Seleob Committee appointed to consider the valuations of tbd Happy Valley properties made by the Govern ment valuator will leave Parliament House at half-past 9 o'clock this morning to inspect the landlin question. The party win consist of Messrs. A. McDonald (chairman), J. Hague, J. 6. Jenkins, T. Hack, R. Kelly, and T. Bur goyne, the Commissioner of Public Works, and the secretary (Mr. L. L. Fumer), and wilt be accompanied by Mr. Eotting, who will, however, take no part in tbe proceedings un less especially requested to give specific infor mation by the chairman. A return will be made to town early in the afternoon. At tbe Supreme Court on Thursday Albert George Scrymgour pleaded guilty to a charge of embezzling £26, the property of the Government The prisoner, who was employed in the Public. Works Office, was represented by Mr. C. C Kingston, Q.C., who called evi evidence as to character, from who it appeared that Scrymgour had been a young man of high repute, his worship the mayor, amongst others, testifying as to that. Mr. Kingston, in a simple yet eloquent and pathetic address, pithily placed the facts before his Honor. Tbe case was a sad one, one of the saddest that had come before the court. In a moment of temptation Scrymgour bad yielded, and had converted certain money to his own use, but 12 hours later he bad returned the money. Immediate repentance and the fullest repara tion had followed the act, and in asking his Honor to give the prisoner the benefit|of the First Offenders' Act he asked him to place against the yielding to a sudden temptation 14 years of faithful service. Mr. Justice Bonder said he would consult the Chief Justice to see whether his Honor took the same view as he did, and he would sentence the prisoner on Tuesday. Scrymgour. who felt his position most keenly, broke down and sobbed bitterly whilst he stood in court. The annual report of the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages was laid on the "table of the Assembly on Thursday. I* shows that the estimated population of the provinoe on December SI of last year, exolusra of the Northern Territory and of aborigines, was 320,323, of whom 161,933 were males and 156,730 females. This snowed that tbe ad vance during the year was 6,528, which is con siderably greater than in any similar period since 1884. For the first time sinoe the year named there was an excess of immigration* over emigration, the detailed figures being— Arrivals by sea, 11,079 males and 8,771 females over 12 years of age, with 911 males and 923 females under that age; via Morgan, 903 males and 24G females over 12, with 49 males and fO emalesyounger; via Cockburn, 12,930 males -and 3,954 females over 12, with 1,207 males and 1,139 females younger; via Servioeton, 14,216 males and C.065 females over 12, with 695 males and 545 females younger. The groat totals being—Adults, 39.130 males and 14,036 emales; children, 2,863 males and 2,677 females. The emigration showed— By saa, 8.737 male and 3,038 female adults, with 535 male and 497 female children; via Morgan, 781 male and 290 femalo adults wifli 113 male and 97 female children; via Cockbum, 14,314 male and 4,756 female adults with 1,611 male and 1,456 female, children; via Servioeton, 14,832 male and 60C8 female adults, with 6G6 male and 609 female children. The gross totals were— 38,664 male and 14,152 female adults, with 2,925 male and 2,559 female children. There was thus a los?of 11 persons via Morgan, of 553 via Servioeton, and of 2,097 via Cookburn; but there was a gain of 3,877 by sea, while the lcm by way of Oookburn, though causing, statistically a loss to population, cannot be regarded as being in any other rerpeotareat disadvantage to the colony. During the j ear there were 10,737 births—s,4Bl males and 5,2GG females —ths rate per 1,000 ot the population being 33-92. The illegitimate births numbered 315, as against 859 in the pre vious year, the percentage in respeofc to the general" births being 2*93. In the other I onlrmip? the percentages for the same year : were:—New South Wales, 636; Victoria,"! ft-36 ; Queensland, 4 65 ; Tasmania, 4-05 ; and . New Zealand, 349. The deaths nnmbered j 4,211 {2,252 males, and 1,939 females), the rate per 1,000 of the population being 13 SO. The advance in the death returns was to a con eiderable extent duo to the severe epidemic of influenza from whioh the colonies Buffered daring the year. Typhoid fever claimed 73 viotima, scarlet fever 4, whooping cough 42, diphtheria 173, phthisis 339, childbirth lil, influmz* 172, accident 173, and suicide 31 (25 males, and C females). There wen* 2,315 marriages celebrated daring the year, the Weeleyans standing first on the list with 418 to their credit, while the Anglicans come eeoond with 407. and the registry offices total 103. The estimated population of Adelaide and its suburbs on December 91 was 132,575 (63,660 males and 68,910 females), being an advance of 2,770 daring the year. The births in the city numbered 4,647 (2,295 males and 2,252 females), the deaths 2,226 (1,171 males and 1,055 females), and the marriages 1,170. The estimated population of the Northern Territory at the end of the year reported on, exclusive of aboriginals, was 5,043, of whom 4,711 were males and 332 females. Of this number about 1,550 were Europeans by birth or parentage, while the remainder were Asiatics, nearly all Chinese. There were 15 births, 29 deaths, and 4 marriages registered daring the year, the European births numbering 13 and the Euro pean deaths 13. It is believed that the num ber of aboriginals and half-castes in Sooth Australia proper is 3,134 (1,061 males and 1,473 females), while in the Northern Territory it is estimated that there are 12,849 male and 7.500 female aboriginal natives. "It is evident," states the Registrar-General, "that if the total number of the aborigines could be ascertained the population all told of the seven Austral aeian colonies would be found on December 31, 1891, to be about 4,000,000, or probably a little over." Attached to the report is an appendix giving much detailed information concerning the matters dealt with. The Victorian Premier has received a com munication from the Agent-General giving particulars of the preliminary negotiations entered into between Mr. Munro and the Imperial authorities with a view of eecuring the privilege of coining silver at the Mel bourne branch of the Royal Mint. The com munication is as follows: —"Victoria Office, Westminster, Jane 24, 1893. Sir—With reference to your dispatch of the 22nd of March bet respecting tile proposed coinage of silver at the Melbourne branch of the. Royal Mint, I have the honor to inform yon that not having reoeived from the -Colonial Office any communication on the subject sinoe the interview whioh, as I informed yon, I had with Lord Knntsford on the 27th April, I again addressed his lordship, *nd reoeived in reply the letter of whioh a copy is enclosed. I have once received an intima tion to interview the Chancellor of the Ex chequer on Saturday next, and I will report the result by the next maiL" The letter re ferred to by Mr. Munro is as follows: — "Colonial Office, London, Jane 16, 1892. fir—l am directed by Lord Khutsford to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th insfc, on the question of the coinage of silver by the Melbourne branch of the Royal Mint. I am directed to inform you that a copy of your letter will be sent to the Department of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, who have the matter under con sideration. The question is, however, an im portant one, affecting the general supply to all colonies who use British silver, and as sooh must necessarily engage the personal attention of tile Chancellor of the Exchequer, and in all the drcnniHtauoee it is possible that he may not fee able to'come to a decision for some time, bat I am to state that the Lords Commissionets of the Treasury will be informed that the Govern ment of Victoria are anxious for a reply at the earliest practicable time. lam to add that Mr. Dibbs, the Premier of New South Wales, has also addressed Lord Knutafort upon the ques tion.—Edwaed WnfGFIELD. 11 Close on £1,000,000 has been expended in erecting State schools throughout Victoria, and «s this represents an annual expenditure of £40,000 in interest alone, it is possible to form (ays the Melbourne Age) some idea of the causes that have led to the large increase in the cosfof fr-n-fring each child in average at tendance at school. When the State under. took tiie duty it was no doubt under the neces sity of replacing a huge number of the tumble down structures that did duty as schools with more suitable buildings, and erecting others on more central sitee, bat it is unquestionably true that a most lavish system of expenditure has teen carried on, with the result that folly £250,000 has been absolutely wasted in the erection of palatials tructnree with, insome cases, nearly double the necessary amount of aooommo dation, in districts, too, where tile population instead of increasing is steadily falling off. It was one of the bitterest reproachu of the depu tation of Bchoel teachers which waited upon the M'™**"' for Public Instruction last week that the maintenance allowance supplied to them was in many instances insufficient to keep in order buDdings that were unnecessarily iarge. It is also a reproach on the past ad ministration of the Education Department that it has permitted brick and stone schools, costing from £4,000 to £8,000 each, to be erected in districts tile requirements of which would have been adequately met if £2,000 had been expended. Mr. Peacock has decided that in future substantial wooden and properly ventilated wooden structures shall be erected instead of"costly brick buildings, and that in the mallee and agricultural districts, where the population is prone to migrate, they will fee erected on blocks, so as to permit of their removal bodily from one place to another if necessary. A start has been made with the earthwork for the main embankment at Happy Valley, and tile Engineer-in-Chief also proposes to the scour tunnel round tile embank ment almost immediately. When the contract is let for the main tunnel the whole of the work in connection with the construction of the reservoir may fairly be said to be in fall •wing. The case of Joseph James Carter, who is •charged with tiie murder of Wm. Edwards, at Magill, on June 20, came before the Criminal Court en Thursday. A painful incident oc curred daring the trial. The widow of the deceased was giving .evidence, and was asked to identify a shirt worn by her late husband on ihe night of the quarrel with the prisoner. The moment she saw the garment—it is not -the blood-stained shirt which deceased had on when be was shot—she fell back in the witness box in a faint. The poor woman was at onoe carried oat of ooart and attended by Dr. Shepherd, and before tile court rose she had. recovered- Her evidence will be concluded to day. His Honor Mr. Justice Bonder, who is taking the case, expects to conclude it to-day. During the first six months of the year two inmates of the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum and -eight of the Parkaide Asylum, whose relative! are unknown or live beyond the limits of the colony, died, as did seven patients of the Port Augusta Hospital and one at the Port Pine Hospital, who were similarly situated. The charge of illegally having in his posses sion a large quantity of jewellery which might reasonably be supposed to have been stolen, laid by the police against Thomas Henry Tobin, was withdrawn at the Port Ade laide Police Court on Thursday morning, Mr. Jat Gordon, 6.M., being on the bench. Mr.M. J. Conlon, tide ear veyor, of H.M. Cos toms, asked permission to withdraw the charge be aad laid against Tobin of having illegally landed articles upon which duty bad not been paii. He also asked that the jewellery be (dated in custody of the Customs in order that it night be handed to the owner upon payment of inty. This coarse was followed and the application for withdrawal was granted. Ohe committee of the Convalescent HO3 -piti, St. Margaret's, Semaphore, held their motihly meeting at the Church Office on Tuesday, there being present Mes * 4uaes Williams, Hartley. Davies, Thomas, ad Wfcrburton, Dr. Wylde, Messrs. Ash •in and Hawkes, and the secretary. Dr. Wylde was elected chairman for the year. A vote of thanks was aooorded the Mayor and Corporation of the Semaphore for plaoing seats on the Military-road for the convenience of patients going to and from the hospital The admissions for the month numbered 81\. and the discharges 76. The fol lowing gifts are gratefully acknowledged: —Books from Mrs. Goodheart, Rev. J. C. Kirby, and Mr. A. W. Dobbie oranges and fruit, from Mrs. Tom L. Browne and Mrs. Hart; clothing, from Miss Scott; illustrated papers, from Mrs. Thos. Mellor. Mr. F. Curr informs us that a gallant rescue was made on the Port road on Thursday after noon. Mr. Ashton, of Alberton, had left a four-wheel "spider" buggy with a powerful horee attached outside a business establishment in that locality while he went inside. Two boys, aged about 3 and 5 yean respectively, were in the vehicle. A passing objeot frightened the animal, which bolted down the road. Thomas Baxter, who was standing near the Alberton Hotel, heard the screams of the ohildren and rushed after the horse. He caught its bead aad for several hundred yards hung on to the bridle, keeping pane with the horse, which he at length brought to a standstill. Mr. Curr thinks that the children would have baa thrown out of the trap and possibly seriously injured but for the coolness and bravery of Mr. Baxter. We have received from the compiler (Mr. P. Sansom) a oopy of the Masonic Guide of South Australia for 1892-3. This is the eleventh issue of a guide that has become indispensable to members of the craft. It contains a mass of well-arranged information, much of which is exceedingly useful to those actively engaged in the work of the lodges, and all more or less interesting. The " points from the constitutions" present in a readable form the;salient features of Masonic law. Memorable events in the history of the order are chronicled, particulars are given of all the principal grand lodges of the world, and the names of the officers and the dates of meeting of the various lodges and chapters in this colony are also supplied. It appears that there are now 38 lodges working under the South Australian constitution, the total number of subscribing members being 2,297. The Leicester Lodge, No. 363, LC, with 140 members, is the only lodge in the province not under the jurisdiction of the Grand Lodge of South Australia. There is scarcely any matter on whioh a working member of the craft may require information that this little book does not throw some light upon, and Bro. Sansom deserves the thanks of all Freemasons for undertaking year after year the compilation of so valuable a guide. The monthly meeting of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage and Catholic refuge com mittee was held on Wednesday evening, in St. Francis Xaviert HalL The reoeipta for orphanage during the month amounted to £12 Oe. 9d., and the expenses were £48 12s. Id. The receipts for the refuge amounted to £S5 2s. 3d., and the ex penses totalled £80 4s. 7d. Daring the month three persons were admitted to the refuge, while two left and two were sent to hospital. Thirty, one adults and eleven '"fftrvfo remain in the refuge. Mr. E. J. OH. Fulford, manager of the Adelaide branch of the Bank of Australasia, who ruptured a blood vessel a few days since, is rapidly gaining strength again. He is under the treatment of Dr. Giles. The monthly meeting of the committee of the South Australian Female Refuge was held at the Church Office on Thursday, Mr. G. W. Hawkes being in the chair. The matron's and ladies' report showed that the inmates at present in the house numbered 16, including children. Daring the month four had been admitted, and of those who had left two had gone to situations, one to the hospital, and one had left of her own accord. The treasurer's report showed a credit balance of £37 Ga., and he received a warrant for the payment of £20 lfls. 4d. The headkeeper at the Cape Banks light house reported to the Marine Board on Thurs day that on August 1 F. B. Stuart picked up, about a couple of miles from the oape, a bottle containing a piece of paper on which was written "Steamship Albany. April 12, 1832. Captain Oenan. We are in the centre of the Australian Bight." Mr. Mead has been appointed umpire .2 the Port v. Norwood match to be played on the Adelaide Oval to-morrow afternoon in place of Mr. Wilson, who it is uuderatoad intends returning to Melbourne. We have received the August number of the Australian edition of The Inventive Age and of Our Herald, tile journal of the V.M.C. A. The monthly meeting of the W.C.T.U. will be held in the Rechabite-hall at 3 p.m. today. The president of the V.M.C.A will hold a reception at the Gawler-place rooms this evening. The Chalmers Church choir will give an entertainment this evening in connection with the Chalmers Church Literary Society. A meeting of contribntories of the"! Com mercial Bank of South Australia will be held at the Town Hall at 11 a-m. to- day. A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary services of the Flinders street Baptist Church will be held this evening. A meeting of the committee of the Colons Light monument fund will be held in the mayor's reception-room this afternoon at 3 o'clock. A meeting of shareholders of the Adelaide Aerated Waters and Brewing Company will be held at the company's office, Angas-street, at 3 p.m. to-day. A free public lecture in connection with the S.A. Chamber of Manufactures will be de livered by Mr. E. Bumey Young to night at tiie Eastern Annexe. Exhibition Buildings, the subject being, "What inducements can we offer to vine-growing V 