WHOSE FAULT WAS IT? By AMY. "You'aR not in earnest, Mr' Theodore ?" "Of course I'm in earnest, Della. You're the prettiest little piece of roses and dimples 1 ever saw. Don't your glass tell you the same thing? Ten o'clock' Why, where on earth has the time slipped to? I ought to have been down town half an hour ago. It's all your fault, Della." And Mr Theodore St Volens hurried bof, chucking Della Stephens under the chin as he went by. "I wonder," thought Della, "if he really loves me. I wonder-" "Della Della! what are you loitering about!" cried a shrill, high-pitched voice. " Ten o'clock, and the poodle not washed, the canaries neglected, and the drawing room not dusted? Really, Della, I don't know what's come to you of late." "I- was detained. I am just through here, ma'am, faltered Della, flushing crimson up to the very roots of her hair as she hurried out of the room, Della Stephens was Mrs St Volqns' parlour maid and especial attendant. She had been a milliner's apprentice before the rich lady saw and took a fancy to her, when she-Mrs St Volens-was dictating as to the trimming of a hat. "How much do you get here ?" said Mrs St Volens; and Della answered meekly: " Only my board, ma'am." " I'll give you £2 a month," sai: Mrs St. Volens. And Della Stephens abandoned her trade and came to live with the rich lady. She was a farmer's daughter, and now that she had obtained this fine situation, as it seemed to her, she wrote home a letter of triumph. "I might have stayed out there in the wilderness all my days," wrote Della, "and never earned anything more than my board." It was half an hour or so afterwards, and Della was busy fluting some wide Valenciennes lace for her mistress, when Mrs St. Volens' shrill voice summoned her up-stairs. And Della know from the very accent that something was wrong. Mrs St. Volens stood in the middle of the room as Della entered it, a red spot on either cheek, and a bitof cardboard in her hand. "Look here, Della Stephens," said she. " The housekeeper has just brought this to me-a photograph of my nephew, Theodore I She says she found it in your room !" Della tamed scarlet, and felt in stinctively in her bosom. "I-I must have dropped it," said she, scarce considering her words. "Then it is yours 2" "Yes," faltered Della. "How oame you by it ?" sternly cate chised Mrs St. Volons. 'l He gave it to me." "He? Who ? " Mr Theodore." Mrs St. Volens' face grew grim and hard as adamant, "You are dis charged," said she, turning coldly on her heel. And Della, stunned and bewildered, went up to her room to pack her few belongings, and think what she should do next. Mr Theodore St. Volens was con siderably surprised that afternoon to see his aunt's maid walk into the down town office. " Little Della," cried lhe, clapping a pair of eyeglasses to his eyes. It isn't possible " 1 " Yes," said Della, "it is I. Oh, Mr Theodore, what am I to do 7 Your aunt 3 has dismissed me !" "Dismissed you I And why 7" de manded the young man. " She-she found -your picture in my : possession," faltered Delia, beginning to cry. " And a precious fool you must have been to let her find it," said he, impa tiently. "what else could you expect, Della ?" "And what am I do now?" she questioned, piteously. , Do ?" repeated Mr.. St. Volens. "Why, got another situation, to be sure." " How can I, with no references? And-" " Now, look .here," said Theodore, irritably, "all this is no business of mine. I don't see why should you come here, bothering ms !" "No business of yours," vaguely repeated Della. "Not at all."' " But it was your fault that.I lost the place." " My fault I" echoed Mr Theodore, with a strident laugh. "3f/ fault, ,nausaB I just told you what a pretty little thing you are, and Aunt Anas tasia got mad with jealousy and spite. Come, that is a little too good." " But-but-" hesitated Della, with a deadly chill settling around her heart, "didn't you mean anything all the time ?" " Mean ! No ; what should I mean ? Really. Della, this is becoming annoy ing. Now you are crying again ! Oh, confound it all I" " You need not go, Mr St. Volens," said Della, with what dignity she could command. "I shall rid you of my presence at once. Excuse me for making such a mistake as to suppose you were an honourable gentleman." Mr St. Volens winced a little under the cutting irony of her words as she walked out of the office, and went to Mademoiselle Ferroinidre, the milliner. " Perhaps," thought Della, " she will take me on again. For I can't starve." But Mrs St. Volens, as she discovered to her grief, had been beforehand with her. Mademoiselle Ferromidre rolled up her eyes. " She was sorry for Miss Stephens but really it was an improper. thing to be making eyes at her mistress's nephew. And she couldn't afford to lose a cus tomer like Madame St. Volens-and, besides, she had the characters of her young women to look to, and-" But Della, who was as innocent of any guilty thought or deed as a white dove, turned away with a shudder. "Do-do they think I have done anything wrong 7" she asked herself. " Oh ! has it come to this !" Della went home to the little brown farm-house in the country-but even there a letter from the indignant Mrs St. Volens had preceded her. Her father met her with cold, averted eyes-her mother burst into tears. " Oh, Della, to think that you should come home so! And we all thought your fortune was made !" " You'ro welcome to stay for a night or two, Dolla," said Mr Stephens, coldly; but after the way in which you have treated your confiding mistress-" "Father," burst out Della, " what have they been telling you ?" "Facts speak for themselves," said the old man, grimly. In the middle of the night, Della came to her mother's bedside, looking as white as a ghost. " Dear me, child," said Mrs Stephens, half asleep, " what is the matter 7" " Mother," said Della, " where is your laudanum bottle? I've got such a dreadful toothache !" " It's on the clook-shelf," said Mrs Stephens, drowsily. In the morning Della was found dead among her pillows. Dead and cold. And the shocked parents never knew whether it was an overdose of laudanum or a deliberate act of suicide that opened the gates of another world to their stricken child. However, she was beyond all criticism or carping now, thank Heaven 1 