ECHOES FROM THE OLD WORLD : : ! BT GJBOBGE AUGUSTUS SALA. . . pyritten for ^Tjra' ILLUSTRATED STDKKT NEWS.] : In ft bright and breezy article written from Yo kohama in the TIMES by Mr. Budy ard Kipling, ¿nd iii which the vivacious' author discourses ' : about earthquakes, physical and^fihanci^^ inci- ??? dental; mention is made of a Radical member ot Parliament at Tokio, who- has just got into f trouble with his constituents, who hare sent him ."a priceless letter of;, reproof," pointing out, amongoth'er things, that '*a politician should nob ibo" a water weed, which wobbles, hither and thither according to the motion of tho stream," i nor should he, .*. like a ghost without legs, drift : along before the wind." ' ¿ Iamjnot versed in the ways of ghosts, legged 1 or legless ; and it is some time since I hare been troubled with the irritating disease known as political .convictions. Still* it strikes me that the most practical form of a politician is that of a : S water weed, which wobbles hither and thither, according to the motion of the stream." What : writes our Tennyson, in. his , 1851 dedication of ! bia poems to the Queen ? And statesmen at Her Council met, Who kaew the seasons when to take Occasion by the hand, and make The bounds of freedom wider yet. 'What is a statesman who v knows the seasons , when to take. occasion by the. hand " but a wobbler ? :. The stream is flowing in one direction, and in that direction he wobbles. If : he. resist it, ;. he will be carried away by the current. Themost " illustrious of English statesmen have been ?' wobblers. Tho.great Duke of Wellington had to wobble in the matter ol' Catholic emancipation ; and ; the great Sir - Bobert Feel wobbled most ; aignaUy in the matter pf freetrade. :: .:' ' ' :.":'/ . ¡; .. ..... . . + ,.. . I hope, by the way, there is no truth in the -, report to which a Pennsylvanian newspaper has given currency, that it is, the intention of Mr. ' Rudyard Kipling, after-; Vbe has' paid a fly- ing visit td Mr* Bobert" Louis Stevenson at Apia, to fix his. home permanently, in New York. Mr. Kipling is far too vigorous, picturesque, and racy a writer te waste his sweetness on the desert air of Broadway and Fifth Avenue, both of which, . and the whole city of. New York to boot, ho ronndly abused in print some weeks ago. There seems to be a craze among tho foremost writers of the Anglo - Saxon - Norman - French - Low- Latin-: Bastard-Greek-cum-Anglo-Indian and Chinese pidgin-tongue, both English and American, for banishing themselves to foreign parts. : Mr. Stevenson ia a voluntary exile to the Samoan Islands ; Mr. Kipling oscillates or "wob- bles " between the States and «Tapa? ; Mri Marion Crawford ought to live at Boston, but prefers the south of Italy ; Mr. Henry J ames, whose. per- ; manent domicile should be > at Washington, D.C., ; is more frequently to be found in Belgravia ; andi* Mr. P. G. Homerton seems to like France much: ; better than he does England. . French writers, I. Should say, are slightly more patriotic Circum- stances over which he has no control compel Citizen Henri Bochefort to- abide in theiBegent'si; Park ; but how gladly; one may infer, would he- ] exchange the north-west district for his beloved1, j Boulevards. \ The Silly Season has not yet set in with its; \ customary severity, or rather, as I myself am in- clined to think, with its customary amenity j since, at alLè'vénts when Parliament is in recess,. : the papers aró amusing. During tho session they vj appear to me, on the contrary, to be reflète only ; with the soul-wearying coluuins of intolerable^ j "jaw." Not to be behindhand in purveying \ vacation recreation for its readers, the moBt<J enterprising of the great dailies has initiated a. j controversial correspondence touching the merits:, and demerité of wives in general, and of English./ wives in particular. It is a. subject - well èutted./ for "booming," and in the courso of a week or so> we shall doubtless be made conversant with a. | multitude of conjugal experiences, of a pleasantly ¡ conflicting kind. . . ' ; i i ' . ........ . *. . U . Once more has the implacable Mr. J. Ashby * Storry taken up his pliable in the -GRAPHIC, against what he calls tbe^Tall Hat Fetish. Why,., he, asks, should the tall hat be. consi-' dereel as an emblem of all that is proper and respectable ? Why should we think it a matter of duty to take a tall hat with us to churrh ? I have the honor of thoroughly disagreeing with Mr. Ashby Storry on this most serious of social questions. There is no absolute necessity that a mah should continually wear a tall hat; he can appropriately, dispense with it at the seaside; \- although I contend that [he. should always take his stove pipe with him in a hat box when he - travels abroad, in order;to don the tall hat, if ho ; : is domiciled for moire than a week in a great j foreign city. I should; consider that I was in-j suiting the Boulevard de la Madeleine,- or tho j Corso at Berne, or the /Bingstrasse at Vienna, or I the Prado at .Madrid,lor Jth* Ramblar at Baree- ; lona, or even the'. Grande Bue de Pera at Con- stantinople, if ' I perambulated those thorough- , fares, after a week's : sojourn, in a billycock hak Í Just as soon would a person with a well- regulated ] mind think of ascending the: steps of a Pall Mall ; Club in a wideawake and a suit of " dittos." Ask I yourself, Mr. Ashby / Sterry. You belong, I feel i confident, to the Plesiosaurus, to the Senior > Loafers, to the Junior Flycatchers, to the ; Polyhymnia: Club ; and I have ' seen you with my own;eyes in a tall hat,reading the MOBNING POST ? in the bow window of the Betterton Club. ?; * * ! i .'V *. -f ? . ; Í. ?: ^ The last book/ sale ; of : the ; season at Sotheby's ; once more accentuated the \ fact ; that)' next to Caxton's early Elizevirs and county histories, v books, however trifling they may be, by/Dickens ; v V ? -? ' ' ? ? ' ?? f .? ../ and Thackeray are those which fetch the vOry highest prices. At a miscellaneous auction on Friday, the 12th, a copyof Dickens's i'faroe/* described as " Tho Strange Gentleman, a comic burletta in two acts, by Boz," fetched JtAñ. I happened to have witnessed the jlrst performance of The Strange Gentleman," some time in the year 1826 . at the St. James's Theatre, and the printed copy of the play waa published either at 6d or ls. Then Dickens's " Sketches of Young Couples," first edition, with' an auto graph letter Of the author, waa knocked down for JB8 IBs, and Thackeray's : " Second Funeral of [Napoleon/* first edition, in original illustrated wrapper, with a letter signed by Napoleon in- serted, went for JM2. Another literary '* curio," ' was the first edition . of Douglas.' Jerrold's 'f Mehiof Character," which :fetched £1115s; the "fancy " perice being due to. the .circumstance that the illustrative etchings, which are atrociously bad, were from the needle of William Makepeace Thackeray. You will recollect that the illustrious author of VANITY FAIR once waited r n Dickens with the request to be allowed to illustrate one of his books, and that Dickens politely declined the proposal/ With Douglas Jerrold W.M.P. appeared to have been more successfuL . ? v : f : " ' 