RICHMOND RIVER ECHOES. A FEW weeks since tile curiosity of people in Lismore wus excited hy the presence in their midst of « picturesquely attired individual who might have been mistaken fora charac- ter «mt of au upcni bouffe in which modern Scandinavians played prominent parts. It was a moot question which was tho most " fetching "-his romantic garb, or the gush- ingly affable smile with which he regarded those who wondered from what far away land he hud sprung upon them. The cold fact as to his personality transpired. He wns an enterprising seeker after gold and plati- num, who had been prospecting on the roast in the neighbourhood of Schnupper Creek. It appears that, a small company which-in common with a good many other people had cherished the notion that the precious metal found on the sea shores was washed up fruin reefs under the sea, had arrived at a reverse conclusion in consequence of certain phenomena. They had discovered that the easterly gales, which were supposed to wash mi the gold, had no perceptible influence at a deptli of twenty or thirty feet, and that as a matter of fact, the sea was calm at those depths.- That shattered the prevalent belief as to the gold coining from submerged reefs, and launched the miners into a fresh enter- prise. They at once set about hunting for reefs above'tin- waterline, and discovered an outcrop alu.ut sixty yards from highwater mark. After sinking two shafts, these had to bo abandoned on account of water percolat- ing into them. Another outcrop was discov- ered (presumably of the same reef), and this they worked, ¿uñí applied for a mining lease,, The reef showed seven pennyweights per ton of gold, and from four to five of platinum. Thev have now applied for assistance from the Prospecting Vote, as they have come to the end of their resources, and it was pro- bably in connet-tion with this application that' the picturesque individual had visited Lismore to interview the Wurden. Ii' one of the long defunct pioneers of the Hiclmioud who encountered almost incredible hardships and-innumerable blacks-could " revisit the pale glimpses of the moon," and have a look round his old haunts, he would be perplexed to understand why there should be so much growling about hard times. Having shuffled off his mortal evil before tho era of deficitsand tho universal-and dubious -promissory note, he would heartily con- clude that things were in a booming condi- tion. If. he could read-and some of the early settlers could before they became ghosts- his impression would bestrengthened. The announcements of high jinks' to be indulged in throughout the district at Christ- mas and on New Year's Day, would fill him with profound astonishment- presuming, of course, that a disembodied spirit is capable of any emotion. Paces of all kinds, sports, and divers other entertainments promised in abundance would destiny the effect of the dismal dirges, he would hear, and a stroll down the 'main streets of the chief towns would tempt him to think that the present generation had increased in the faculty of lying. The gorgeous displays of things to eat, (iver which the youthful Piclimondit.es are gloating, and with which they are already in imagination gorging themselves until they are in the condition of the old lady whom old Weller nervously described as .' swelliu' wislbly," would suggest painful memories of the old days of beef and damper. If the old time revenu »I were to be re- embodied, however, he would verv soon dis- cover that things " aro not what, they seem " altogether, but I hat in spite of this doleful circumstance, the " end of tho century " Ricliiiiondite, like all other high-minded Australians, is going to have a. "high old time "-deficits, or no deficits, in the Tltio.v smiBit's accounts. TMK excessive heat we have had seems to have only whetted tho appetite of at .least two people on this river for more. Not satisfied with, solar heat, they have tried to create some of an artificial timi by setting Ure to buildings. In one case, a butchering establishment at Casino was inceudiarlsed ; but the Ure was discovered before it had a strong hold on the building. The perpetrator of tins villainy is not yet discovered. An- other attempt was made at Coraki by an infatuated woman named' M'Kinley, who made un effort ono evening last week to burn down n stable adjoining a house where she had "had words" during tho day with the occupant's wife. Mrs. M'Kinley, to judge from thu evidence taken, was not an artist in arson. She was too impetuous to wait until the witching hour when all Coraki people aro in bed. and a witness swore to seeing her about K) o'clock fooling round the stable, which suddenly showed symptoms of being on fire. .Soaked kerosene" rags were found ignited just inside tho stable, aiid'i\lr.-¡. [M'Kinley was followed immediately. She was committed for trial, and is probably now bewailing her hasty temperament. ix my last week's " Hcjioes" 1 referred to the fact that ono of tho features of tho next Lis- more Agricultural.Show would bo competition juvenile singing:-' That remarkable innova- tion occurred to nie as grotesquely ahsuril, but the committee appear to think that it is quite an appropriate thing for au agricultural show, and no protest was raised. Another special prize was objected to, however, by some prehistoric puritanical people. The't obnoxious prize was one offered by Mr. J. Wightman for the "worst turn out." AVhether such a prize comes within tho légiti- mât» liuiitsof au agricultural show prngrammo is open to discussion. Last year it. excited indignation among some of the antiquated gentlemen referred to, but those same purists offered no objection to the public exhibition of forward-very forward-young people who murdered Knglish vei-se in a. very rhythmical ruin-ti-fuin, ruiii-ti-tum fashion peculiar to gifted elocutionists in their teens. THOSE sticklers for what they probably con- sidered "Ibo proprieties" atan agricultural show had no objection to the old familiar collections of things that have no connection with farming or agriculture, but which year after year take a pris«'. A case full of hetero- geneous rocks'or stuffed birds-none of which are labelled-is of course educational to the farming ' community, and a prize for the " best ¡jot up shirt luisa, direct bearing on the agricultural futuro of a district. Iniqui- ties in crude), colors and crayon are also valuable elements in connection with an agricultural show, but a prize given to alford siiine relief to the general public is considered by some people who know as much agri- culture as they do of Lindley Murray-this is rather severe- is considered to be not con- sonant with the objects and views of the Society !" THU Byron Pay Progress Association is an energetic body, and can display an astonish- ing amount bf enthusiasm at titties, lint its members can also assume au air of calm aud placid philosophy which is really impressive. At a recent meeting a resolution was passed, at which agitation in the matter of tuc rail- way workshops question was deprecated. As the impression is that'the Pay is selected as the site for those works, the advice of the Association to refrain from agitation, looks very much like a quiet hint to Lismore people not to "fash" themselves, but to let things "rip." This easy attitude of forbearance and meek and mild resignation to fate, as repre- sented by the Pailway Commissioners, will be. fully appreciated in Lismore. LISMORE,- for ii .wonder, has ii ..holiday. " event" for. Christmas, in the first meeting of the Pony Club,, which is to . bc. held. on. Boxing Day. There is not much excitement about the meeting, but it is something novel, to,find the people ;iip( .river indulging in any sport of¡ their owii at holiday , time. ? ' As,a. rule they leave, their own town in,sepulchral 11 sohnonUy.qf.Snhbath.calm. , The new club Is not n -gainly univ ns far ns the names of its.I principal uplcer^is,concerned ;|but ¡tis none thcworsë for being iridepentlentof theserviees" of hankel's mid lawyers and otber gentlemen who ure sup]H>sed to net ns the .committee, of tibe old Lismore Jockey Club, and who aro as well qualified to act as, sportsmen as they would he to translate the Gospels from, their original text». The new club ha« certa.inly.an energetic secretary, in Mr. 15. W. MACKAY. WORKS at Ballina'are . causing satisfaction, and now that the contractors for supplying stone for the training walls have discovered a splendid ipiarry of .immense extent, and some powerful cranes are exjjeeted in a week or sb, there should be increased pro- gress. Tho fly in tho popular ointment of .satisfaction is to be found ina lurking fear that the Minister for Works may. gi ve in- structions not to push ahead with the har- bour works. . Tmcnis ls a quiet aspect reigning over every- thing, and there is not much excitement anywhere. It ls generally thus before and after the holidays. Fortunately, tho weather promises well, lind people are probably sav- ing themselves for the throbbing tumult of enthusiasm with which they will discover infinite benevolence as they wish each other a " Merry Christmas." 