THE NOVELIST. THE CHAMBER-MAID'S STORY. By Geobge B. Simb, Author of "The Dagonet Ballade," "Lights o* London," " Tales of To-day," &o.; My ohamber-maid at the Hotel, Soar borough, was a nice, motherly, middle-aged woman. I like motherly, middle-aged women for chambermaids. They know their business better and they answer the bell quioker than young, flighty chamber- maids. And they are .not so fond of reading the letters you leave about you, and prying into your private affairs. The bump of curiosity iB strongly developed in some women, and you And striking examples of the length to whioh female curiosity will go in hotels, lodging-houses, and places where they let apartments. I stayed for a fortnight onoe in private apartments in Broadstairs, and when 1 left I reoommended them to a friend of mine. He took them later on in the season without saying that they bad been recommended to him by any one. The landlady was a gossip— the kind of landlady that comes in herself to clear away the tea things, and Btands at the door for half an hour with the tray in her hand, while she tells you her trials and troubles, and throws in an anecdote or two concerning her former lodger. I suffered considerably from this kind of landlady in my early days when hotels were beyond my means, and when I had to be con tent with two roomB in an unfashionable quarter. it is only fair to say that in after life I turned my sufferings to good aooount, and used up a lot of material that had been supplied by lodging-house keepers. My friend, who took my old apartments at Broadstaire, was full of bis adventures when he met me again. He assured me that he had learnt more about me in one week than he had learnt in all the ten years he had known me. His informant was the landlady. She had furnished him with a full, true and particular account of a lodger she had had earlier in the season—a lodger who was always writing and walking up and down the room, and muttering to himeelf, and she had grave misgivings that he had a crime on his con science, beoause, one day she picked up asheet of paper he had left on the table, ana it was all about a robbery or something. She fanoied her lodger had begun to write a confession of what he had done, and then thought better of it, for she put the paper back and the next day she found it all torn and " scrabbled up" in the wastepaper basket. With an utter lack of consideration the landlady gave my real name, and furthermore furnished my friend with ohoioe extracts from some of my private letters, and wound up by saying: " I wonder what be oould have been, sir, I'm sure there was some thing wrong about him." I have a friend, a celebrated novelist, whose housemaid for years read every letter that he left on his table, and a good many that he put away in the pigeon-holes of his desk, and when, in consequence of having stayed out till 1 o'olock in the morning on a Bank holiday, she received notice, her temper got the better of her discretion, and she gave her astonished master a " bit of her mind," and referred to vaiious matters whioh she oould only have become acquainted with by a very close study of his correspondence. Hotel servants are not so inquisitive as private servants and lodging-house servants. They have not the same opportunity for minutely investigating; but even in hotels there are chamber-maids who want to know all about the gueBts, and who ohatter among themselves concerning No. 157, No. 63, or No. 215, and speoulate as to his profession, his finanoial position, and his moral qualities. Chamber-maidB m large hotels have some curious experiences, and as the records of the Law Oourts plainly show they are close observers, and are able months, sometimes years, afterwards to identify parties, and to favour the Oourt with detailed statements worthy of a detective or a paid spy. Let me hasten to remove the impression that I wish to be " down" on chamber- maids. As a whole I look upon them as very worthy and decidedly useful members of the com munity. But I still prefer, when I am staying for any length of time at an hotel, to have a chamber-maid who has passed her first youth and settled down into a staid and matronly sort of person. Suoh a ohamber-maid was "Agnes," who, a few years ago, when for some five days I had to keep my room at the Hotel, Soar borough, showed me the greatest kindnesB and consideration, gave me my medicine, ana, iiko a good kind-hearted woman endeavoured to cheer me up and amuse me whenever she oame in to tidy up the room, or to see how I was getting on, or to enquire if I wanted anything. It was one morning while she was dusting my room that she told me the story whioh I am about to relate. I had been (not entirely without a view to copy) asking her questions as to her experiences as a chamber-maid, and after telling me ono or two incidents in her professional career, she informed me that the most curious experience she had ever had in her life wob while she was a chamber-maid at one of the big London hotels much frequented by people on their way to the Continent. "I've seen people arrested there," said Agnes, " nice, quiet people, that you would never have Buspeoted of anything wrong; and I've seen runaway oouples stopped jost as they were coming downstairs to go off by the Conti nental mail. There's always something or other happening in a big hotel, but of all the extraordinary affairs that ever came under my notice the most terrible was one that happened almost a year before I left. I was the head chambermaid on the third floor then, and had, of course, to look generally after all the rooms, and see that everything was right. One day we received a letter from the country, ordering a suite of rooms to be reserved for a newly married couple on a certain date. " The bride and bridegroom were coming up to London on their way to spend their honey moon abroad, and they would break the journey at our hotel, going on by the Conti nental train the next day. "The housekeeper oame up to me with the letter and gave me instructions to get a suite on my floor ready, and to see that everything wob in proper order. The bridegroom had been a constant visitor at the hotel in his bachelor days, and the Manager was anxious that everything should be made as comfortable for him and the young lady as possible. " As soon as I had reoeived my orders I began to execute them, and I had the rooms thoroughly turned out, and everything dusted and rearranged. I put clean curtains at the windows, and womanlike, always feeling interested in bridals and honeymoons, I took extra pains to make the roomB look oheerful and pretty, and I think I suoceeded. "The following evening, about an hour before the young oouple were to arrive, I went in and gave a last look round to see that every thing was right, and just went over the mantle piece myBelf with a duster and gave the furni ture a flick here and there where the dust, that i o power on earth can keep out of a London iccm, bad settled down again. •'Satisfied that everything was in perfect order, I closed the door and went to give some instructions to one of the girls about ughting a fire in a room at the end of the corridor, whioh was always a fearful nuisance to us when a fire was wanted in it. But so sure as we were full up, and that room had to be given to a visitor, the visitor would want a fire lit in it. It seemed juBt as if it was to be. It became a joke all over the hotel at last. " Whenever a message came up that No. 63 was let, we always used to eay, 'Of course there's a fire wanted,' and, upon my word, it really always was so. " The girl, whose business it was to light the fire, passed me in the corridor. "' Oh,' I Baid to her, ' I was coming to see you about No. 63. Be sure to have the window open and the door open, when you light the fire.' "'I've got 'em open,' she'said, 'but the wind's the wrong way or something, and the fire won't light at all.' " 'Oh, nonsense,' I said, 'I'll come and see to it.' " We went back together and into the room. The gentleman who'd taken it was already there. He was standing with his hands in his pockets, looking at the fireplace, and he seemed the picture of misery. "' Poor young fellow I' I said to myself, 'he lookB ill and unhappy and wants cheering up. This is not the sort of room to make him feel at home anyway.' "' If you could do without a fire, sir,'I said, 'it would be better. We always have a trouble with this fireplace. I am sorry to say it smokes.' " 11 muBt have a fire,' said the young gentle man. 'If I can't have one here give me another room.' < " 'I'm afraid we're full up, air,' I said, • but 111 go and aee what can be done if you don't mind waiting a little.' "Ireally was aoriy for the poor young fentleman, he looked so utterly wretched, and couldn't bear to think of him ill, as he evidently was, shut up in that dreaful No. 63, half-suffocated all night. There's nothing, I think, makes one feel so miserable as a room full of smoke, especially when you're away from home and alone. " Leaving the girl to struggle with the fire, I went downstairs to the housekeeper's room to see if there was a chance of putting the young gentleman anywhere else, if it was only for the night. As luck would have it a telegram had just been received from a gentle man who was to have come from Scotland that night. He had missed his train, and wouldn't be in London till the following even ing. The room reserved for him was on the fourth floor, immediately over the sitting-room on the third floor, which we were keeping for the newly married pair. " Having obtained permission I went back to the young gentleman in No. 63, and told him that if be' did not mind we would give him a room on the fourth floor, No. 217, where be could have a file and be comfortable. I explained to him, however, that he would have to be moved on the following day if he intended staying on. ' Thank you very much,' he said, 'that will do very well. I shall not want the room after to-morrow.' " I called one of the porters and told him to take the gentleman's portmanteau up to 217, and then I went to the chamber-maid for the fourth floor, and asked her to get a fire lighted at onoe. " When I came downstairs the newly married couple had just arrived, and were boing shown to their rooms. " I took in the warm water myself, and had an opportunity of seeing the young lady. She was very pretty, I thought, and she looked quite a picture in her lovely travelling-dress. "The bridegroom was a tall handsome gentleman, but much older than the young lady. I'd seen him Beveral times at the hotel, and so, of course, I knew him. I should say he was about forty-five, and she couldn't have been more than nineteen. It was about 7 o'clock when they oame, and they ordered dinner for 8 o'clock. Of course it waa known among all the servants on the floor that they were a newly married couple. It would have been even if we hadn't been told beforehand. " You can trust hotel servants for knowing a honeymoon when they see one. Plenty of brides and bridegrooms like to pretend that they've been married ever so long, especially at the very first, but they never deoeive us. I remember a private sitting-room waiter telling me a story of a newly married couple once, who. when he went into the sitting-room at breakfast time, began to talk to each other in a way to make him believe they'd been married for years. But when the young lady was pouring out the tea, and said to her husband— ' How many lumps of sugar do you take, dear?' he had all his work to prevent himself from grinning. He did smile, and the poor young things went quite soarlet both of them, and he went ont of tne room and had a good laugh all to himself in the serviee-room, and, of course, told it to everybody as a good joke. Men have no sympathy with young married people, they're not like women-folk in these matters, "Ofoonrse I bad no opportunity of seeing the bride and bridegroom again for some time. But the sitting-room waiter told us they seemed nice people, and the young lady was full of spirits. X wens downstairs to supper at iu o oiouk, and was back on duty again soon after 10.30. I bad one or two things to see to, and when I bad finished I sat down to do a little needle work. " It must have been nearly 11 o'clock when a bell rang violently. The waiter for the floor bad gone downstairs for his supper, so I went into the service- room and saw that it was the sitting-room bell of the bride and bridegroom. While I was looking at the indicator, the bell rang again, this time more violently still. I ran along the corridor to the room and knooked at the door. '"Come in—oome in,'cried a man's voice, and I went in and there I saw the poor young bride in a ohair and her husband bending over her. '"Some water, quick!' he cried—'she's fainted.' "Iran into the bedroom and brought some water and a towel, and bathed ber face. "' Is anything the matter, sir ?' I said. '"Yes! he exclaimed, 'it's terrible. I wouldn't have had such a thing happen for the world. Look, don't you see ?' " He pointed to her hands where they lay quite helplesB in her lap. "On one hand—the hand that wore the wedding ring—was a big, bright drop of blood. It bad fallen right on the wedding ring, and stained her hand bb well. "'Oh dear,' I cried, feeling quite faint myself, 'What is it?' "'I don't know,' he said, 'I can't under stand it. It's the most awful thing I ever knew in my life.' *• He seemed quite terrified himself, and cer tainly it was a dreadful thing, especially to anybody who was at all superstitious or who believed in omens. "I took the towel and dipped it in the water and wiped the bloodstain from the poor, yonng lady's hand. Presently she opened hbr j eyes and looked about her. j | " 'Are you better, my darling ?' her husband [ said, stooping over her, and touching her fore head with her lipB. "'Yes, I'm better, dear,' she said, 'but it was so dreadful! Oh, what does it mean, what does it mean ?' " She glanced down at her hand with a look of horror in her eyes, and when she saw that the blood had been removed she gave a deep sigh of relief. " Seeing she was a little better, I got up off my knees—I had been kneeling beside her— and went back into the bedroom with the water. " I was a little bit dazed myself, for I couldn't understand how that drop of bright red blood could have got on the poor dear's hand. " 1 was just putting the tumbler down on the washetand when I heard a shriek from the bride, followed by a cry from the bridegroom. I ran back into the sitting-room, and there I found them both standing with terrified faces. " They couldn't speak, but the bridegroom pointed to his wife's hand. "It was stained with blood again. " ' It has dropped upon her hand—this moment!'cried the gentleman, 'I saw it, I saw it—with my own eyes.' "' Dropped ! I exclaimed, ' where, where from t "I saw the gentleman look up at the ceiling. My eyes followed his, and then I felt as if I should go through the floor. On the ceiling above was a dark moist patcb, and slowly dripping from it were drops of blood. "'I can't stop here,' wailed the poor young bride. ' Take me away, take me away.' "'Mydear young lady,' I said, trying to soothe her, ' don't be frightened. Nothing can hurt you here.' " I don't know why I said it, but I felt I I must say something. The gentleman's face was very pale, and 1 could seene was trembling. Be was terribly ' upset, and who could wonder at it? "I think he guessed that something awful had happened up above. X did, and it had 1 come upon me all at once who was in that room. It was the young gentleman who bad looked so ill and miserable, and who had wanted a fire in 63. '"Take her in the next room, sir," I whis pered, ' She won't see it there, and I'll go and find out what it means.' "'No—no,' she cried. 'I can't—I won't Btay here. Oh, it is too horrible, and on my wedding day—on my wedding day.' "She wrung her hands and then put them over her face. "And there on her band—the hand with the wedding-ring—was still that terrible blood stain, "I could not stand it any longer. I felt as if I should go off myself, so I made a desperate effort and got out of the room, and ran down stairs to the Manager. ' 'Something dreadful's happened, sir, and it's in No. 217. Please go at once. There's blood dripping through the ceiling of No. 13.' "' Good heavens ! exclaimed the Manager. ' What do you mean?' "He was at supper when I told him, and he started up quite horrified. "' Please come at once, sir. The poor young lady's seen it, and she's in a terrible way.' " The Manager went up the stairs at once, and I followed him as fast as I could. On the first floor he met one of the porters and he told him to come with us, and we all three went up on to the fourth floor, and the Manager went straight to No. 217 and knocked at the door. " There was no answer. " The chamber-maid on the floor had come up seeing something was the matter, and she gave the Manager her master-key. ' Be put it in the door and turned it, but the door did not open. ' It was bolted on the inside. '' Go and get something at once,' the Manager said to the porter ; we must break the door open.' 'It seemed an hour while we waited outside that door for the man to fetoh his ool*. "' You're sure it's blood?' the Manager said to me. "' Oh yes, sir, I could see it by the stain on the ceiling, and some of it had dropped on to the young lady's hand.' "'What an awful thing!' he exclaimed. ' Who's in here, do you know?' "'Yes, sir. It's a young gentleman who came this afternoon, and we put him into 63 first, and moved him up here because of the smoke. He would have a fire!' "' I'm afraid it's a case of suicide.' '" It's something dreadful, sir, I'm sure, or the blood couldn't have soaked through like that!' " Presently the porter came back, but it was a long job and a hard job to get that door open—the bolt held so finnly, But at last it went with a terrific crash, and then we all stood outBide, and peered into the room. "There was no light, but the fire was still burning brightly, and by the glow it oast over the room we saw something was lying on the floor. "The chamber-maid brought a light, and the Manager went in first, and knelt down by the 'something.' " He had sent for the doctor directly I'd told him about the blood, and at that moment the doctor oame up with the sub-manager. " The doctor went in and looked at the body while the light was held up for him. "' He's dead,' he said, and the words almost made my heart stand still, though I had ex pected them. "The poor young fellow had gashed his throat in a frightful way, and was lying in a pool of blood on the floor. " I was in the room while they examined the body, but I could't look at it. I turned my back and looked at the fireplace. There was a lot of burnt paper on the hearth, and some bits of torn-up letters and envelopes that hadn't fallen into the fire. "The young fellow had been burning his letters and papers. "I knew then why he was so particular about having a fire in his room. "Thedoctor finished his examination, and then he got up and turned to the Manager. '"It's a case of suicide.' he said, 'doyou know anything aboat him ?' "'No—we've never seen him before—he only came this afternoon.' "'Well, you'd better not let anything be touched to-night. Nothing can be done for him. Youll send for the police at onoe ?' "' Of course 1' "' Then, until they come you'd better lock up the room, and leave everything as it is. Ill oome down and sit in your room and wait for the police if yon like.' "' Yes,' said the Manager, ' that will be best. I've been here ten years, and this iB the first case of suicide we've had in the hotel. " As soon as we were all outside the Manager pulled the door to, but it wouldn't lock. He had forgotten that it had been burst open. " I see,' said the dootor, ' You can t look it np. You'd better pnt a man outside then to see that nobody goes in. He must remain there till the polioe oome.' "So the porter was put on guard outside, and we all went along the corridor, looking very scared and frightened, as you oan imagine, except the dootor, and of course doctors never [ look ecared at anything, they take it all as a matter of business. " I had been so horrified at seeing the young fellow lying there dead that everything else had gone out of my head, but when we got to the top of the Btairs I remembered the young lady, and all at once I thought perhaps it would be only right if the doctor were to see her. " I epoke to the Manager and he turned to the doctor at once. "'Doctor,'he said, 'there are very painful circumstances connected with this unhappy business. It seems, at least bo the chamber maid tells me, that blood must have dropped through into the room below.' I don't wonder at that,'said the doctor, ' there's quite a pool on the floor.' " 'Unfortunately the room below is oocupied by a newly-married oouple, and the blood has fallen on the young lady. The chamber-maid tells me Bhe is terribly upset. I think, perhaps, you had better see her.' " 'Certainly I will, but I don't think, under the circumstances, it will be advisable to tell her the truth.' "' No, not if you can help it.' "' I'll see bow she is and try to reassure her somehow. Where is she ?' " 'I'll take you to her,' I said. The poor young lady fainted, and I left her almost beside herself, and no wonder for the blood was on her hands. '"Dear me,' said the doctor, his face looking quite grave, "and her wedding night too. Poor thing, why it'e enough to turn her brain.' "Iled the way to No. 13, and knocked at the door, and without waiting for an answer, opened it and said, 'If you please, sir, here's our doctor, in case the young lady would like to see him.' " Then I pulled the door to again, for I had had enough of horrors, and went to Bit in the service-room with two of the waiters. "I wanted to bewitb somebody, for I felt too upset and nervous to be alone. "The waiters were full of it, as anything of that sort soon goes all over an hotel, and they wanted to know all about it, but I said I couldn't talk of it. It had upset me too muoh, but I told them there was do doubt that the young fellow in No. 217 had killed himself, and that he was quite dead. " The doctor was with the young lady quite half an hour. He passed me on his way down stairs, and I asked him how she was, and if there was anything I could do. " 'She's a little better now,' he said, 'but of course very much upset. I've persuaded her that it is only some one who has met with an accident and loBt a quantity of blood, and although it was a very unpleasant experience there is nothing for her to take to heart or to be alarmed at, but I called the husband on one side and told bim the truth, and he thinkB it better they should go to another hotel.' " 'Well, Bir,'Isaid, 'undertheciroumstances it will be, perhaps. It would be a dreadful thing for her to know that at the very begin ning of her married life there was a suicide's body lying above her.' "' YeB, that's a woman's way of looking at it, no doubt. You can go if you like and eee it you can help them to pack and put their things l together. I'm going to ask the Manager to ' send out and get them rooms in another hotel, so that they have no bother.' " I could see that the doctor was really eorry for the poor bride and bridegroom, and who could help being under the circumetanoes. " I went in and helped to pack the things they bad unpacked, and they were very grate ful. I could see they were both awfully shocked and worried, and hardly knew what they were doing. " Presently the Manager came up and said he had got rooms for them atanotber hotel near, and we got all the luggage down and put it on a cab, and then they came down and drove away. " It was past midnight when they went, and as I watched them going down the great stair cases the poor girl trembling and holding on to her husband's arm for support, and be as white as a ghost, I couldn't help thinking myself that it was about aB unhappy a beginning to a honeymoon as their worst enemy, if they had one, could have wished fcr them. "Of course the police were very soon in the hotel, and had taken possession of the room where the suicide lay. I didn't hear anything more that night, for I was tired out and upset, and glad to go to bed when it came to my turn to go off duty, ajMbthe next morning when I got up I heard tlp body had been taken away in the night totthe mortuary, and that an inquest was to be held on it. "Of course I was called at the inquest to give my evidence, and it was then I heard all about the poor young gentleman. "His friends had been found and communi cated with, and it seems that the young gentleman bad been disappointed in love, ana had been very strange in his manner and very desponding for some time, but nobody thought he meant to kill himself. His brother, who was one or the witnesses, stated that he had been in love with a young lady who bad not returned his affeotion, and this young lady had recently married, and that seemed to have preyed upon his mind very much. 'In fact,' said the brother, 'he killed himself on the very day that the mar riage took place.' " A good deal of evidence was given by the doctor and others, and the Jury brought m a verdiot of temporary insanity. "After the case was over I saw our Manager go away with the brother, and they were talk ing together. Of course I went back to the hotel, but all day I couldn't help thinking things over, and I thought to myself how strange it was that he should have killed him self right over the rootu in whioh there was a young lady who had only been married that day. "That evening, when I went downstairs, the Manager called me into his office and said he wanted to ask me a question or two. "' When that poor fellow came to the hotel, did he ask any questions of you?' he said. ' Hid he mention any names, and ask if they were in the hotel or coming to the hotel f '" No, sir,' I said, ' he only asked for a fire.' "' It was your idea to put him in the room above—217 ?" " * Yes, sir. I did it because 63 smoked so badly.' "Well, it's rather an odd coincidence then. Do you know that he came to this hotel because the young lady he was in love with was coming to stay here with her husband. He had found out somehow they were ooming here after the marriage.' "'Good graoious, sir,' I exclaimed, be ginning to see what the Manager meant, 'you don't mean to say that the young lady in 13 was the one he wanted to marry ?' "' Yes, there is no doubt, from what the brother has told me, that it is so.' "And I had put him-^quiteby accident— in the room above the bride and bridegroom. Only one thin floor separated him from the girl he had broken his heart over, and on her bridal night, while he lay a corpse above her, his blood had dripped through and had fallen on her hands and stained her wedding ring. "He had doubtless timed his suicide. He had intended to take his life upon her wedding day, and in the building in which she was to pass the first hours of her married life with the husband of her choice. " But I am sure he did not know when he Elanned that terrible tragedy that she would e the first to see hiB life-blood flow—that her cry of horror would be the first thing to lead to the diBoovery of his terrible fate. •' It was chanoe that had brought that about, coincidence as the Manager called it, and I had been the innooent means of bringing it to pass. " I don't know whether the poor bride ever learned the truth. I hope she didn't, for it isn't the sort of thing a woman would ever be able to forget. If she bad known the truth that night when she felt a oold. wet splash, and looked at her wedding ring, but there, it isn't a thing to think about, is it, sir?" I said that I didn't think it was, but after Agnes had finished her story, and left me to myself, I thought a good deal about it, and it has remained upon the tablets of my memory until now. In one thing I cordially agree with Agnes that it was a strange experience for a chamber maid. I doubt if many chamber-maids have had a stranger. [The End.] 