LUCY'S DISAPPEARANCE. [By Jv M. Waterhouse.] — — s — * ? Chap. III. On ihe following day Simpson ap peared in Wattleton in a state bordering on madnea'. His story was incoherent, but bis auditors gathered that he had left Lucy asleep in the taproom of the Dingo on the preceding evening, and that she had mysteriously disappeared without leaving any trace of her depar ture. Suspicion was at once excited that she had met with foul play, and a 'Search was organised. The inn and tbe surrounding scrub were searched by tte police with the following result. The bedroom that had been prepired far Lucy had not been occupied ; ia the taproom traces were' found of recent blood s'ains, imperfectly wiped up, * torn fragment of a dress the same pat' tern as that worn by Lucyr waB dis covered hanging to the handle of the casement j on tbe moist earthy ontside of the window, there were marks of some' heavy body baving been partly dragged and partly carried for some little dis tance untH they reached a piece of hard ground where fell traeea ceased ;.and the back of one of Honeynaan'a bands bore the mark of a deep scratch whicb had evidently been made within, a few hours previously^ ? . Honeyman was closely questioned,, having received the usual caution. He accounted for the mark on his hand and for the stains of blood by assorting that, on the previous day some blows had passed between him and 4 cattle-dealer named Soapy Jem, who had subse quently slept in the hoose, and that be (Honeyman^ bad slipped down, and ia falling had torn his hand against a nail in the table] As to- the' disappearance of Lucy, Honeyman averred that be was entirely ignorant of tne cause of it, and that, on the morning after her arrival,, he had supposed - her to be asleep in her bedroom until he bad been alarmed by ?the outcry made by Simpson ion. awaking from a drunken stupor in which he had: apparently passed the night. EToneyman'fl explanation of the Mood stains was corroborated by Soapy Jem, a man of inifferent character, who further declared that, after a friendly game at cards, he had gone to bed on the upper floor, and had slept through tbe night without having been disturbed by any noise. The ostler and^the maid servant were examined by the police, but they slept in some back buildings detached from' the house, and tbere was no reason to suppose that they knew anything of what had occurred in the main building after they had gone to bed, shortly after the arrival of Simpaoa and his daughter. After a long and fruitless search no trace of Lucy waB found beyond the strip of her dress that had evidently caught in the casement of the tanroum. And the police came to the conclusion that there was not sufficient evidence to justify the apprehension of anyone. The disappearance of Lucy remained enveloped in myBtery, but the inn and its landlord had a bad reputation, and there arose a general belief that a struggle had taken place is the taproom between Lucy and Honeyman : that he had left the room after having locked her in it ; that she had escaped by the window ; and that he had ouertaken and strangled her, and had succeeded in disposing of her body in some manner that had escaped detection. Simpson did no: remain in the neighbourhood for ra'any days after the disappearance of his daughter. Stephen Grey, whose passage from Adelaide to Melbourne had been enga ged for some time previously to his departure, had left the Wattleton Inn for his1 destination long before Simpson had recovered from the drunken stupor into which he had fallen at the Dingo. The absence of the young man, who had rendered himself almost; indispen sable to Simpson, seemed to hasten the downfall of the latter. Unmanned by drink and stung the remorse be left the country and none knew in what direc tion he had gone. Immediately after Simpson's depar ture, Honeyman, who had extorted from him a surrender of his property, sold it by auction and realised a considerable sum. The sale increased the odium, in which he was held, but he appeared to be indifferent to it as well as to the fact, of which he was aware, that he was watched by the police, who had long suspected him of being one of a gang of cattle-stealers whose slaughter yards were in the Black Forest. About' two months after the sale of Simpson's pro perty, a police- trooper rode to the Dingo with a warrant for the apprehension of Honeyman upon a well established charge of cattie-atealing. There was no donbt iu the case and the trooper chuck led as he lode, to think that he would seenre the ruffian at last. But, on arriving at the Dingo, he ,iras struck by the extraordinaiy silence that reigued everywhere, and a qualm of fear came over him lest justice should, after all, miscarry. This fear was only too we-UI founded, for farther examination shewed that the bird had flown. The inn was empty even of furniture, and Honey man had escaped. .?'?.' He was never again Been in the colony, and his flight gave strength to the rumours that had arisen in connec tion with the disappearance of Lucy Simpson. '''-.. \\.s. *.??'. W ..-;'.?. The inn remained nntenanted. for some years, aud was falling into ar state of dilapidation when poasession of it was taken by a Mr. Taylor, a vine-grower who had settled in Wattleton, and who occasionally used the premises as a store for fruit and vegetables. He con structed a close paled fence round the building, but as he had no title to the property he did not spend any money on repairs, and the small stack of fruit that was sometimes stored in the premises might have suffered very con siderably, ftom the raids of boyish thieves, if rumours had not arisen that the place was haunted. Strange noises were heard and lights were seen by persons, who passed by at night, and public credulity accounted for these occurrences by the supposition that they were caused by' tbe ghost of .Lucy Simpson ? . -. . . fcHAR IV; ! Soisfe years haS elapBcd ^her t.uby'fl UiBappkaraticJe- and 'WattUton had apreSti bdt ia every direction and had become, the most flourishing township south of Adelaide, when the thebry that the building was haunted} received unexpec ' led confirmation: Upon the thirty-first of October jVlt'6. Taylor gave a party to Selebratb Hallowe'en . All the intitationB were accepted, and the pretty rooms at Siirerstone eottagej iu which the IWlors resided were trtiwded wiih the bright fafcea of young iheb aud b^aideni, iiUent on discovering ^vhat fottune the ftlturfe held in store for thebii CrueibJea for .melting lead, hiita fur burning in the great [open fire blafce, end other paraphenalia necessary %r this kind of fortune-telling lay ready to be used, and eiich a supper as only Site Tayiof knew how to prepate lay irfe&dy; In thfe dihing-rooru; The usual bereittboieB for consulting the oracle \vterb observed amid peals of laughter, blushes and shrieks Until ten o'clock, frhen someone bu^gested & visit to the fcibSBi . . . ' * Xio, bo lf cried Mrs.* Tay loh Don't gtt there 1 Not that 1 believe thete is «nV ghost there,' she added with a faint otolle lh ftnBwer to the looku of amused ^brpri&6 Oti the faces of some of her |;uBsts} 'but the. girls might be IHphtened-^-and the floors are rotten.1. . . She was over-ruled, ot course, atid a ^arty of the most advtentureuuB started at tlhee for the ruibj led by the young featn Baylor, the only son of the vine grbWfer/ He had often wished to risk the rUib |b company with a few others, tyhose courage might support hi3 own in brfier to ascertain what; truth . there ttilght be in the yariolls reports that the Dingo was haunted. He knew ihe bb^Ular BbperBtiiion bohcerning Hal low«s'en, vie., that all spirits are allowed Vo go abroad on that One night in the -yeai-, He hopeo1, both to be able to sOlre the mystery of Lucy 'a diaap ^Barancej and also to ascertain whether Buch beings as ghosts really existed* ., * Where is yoUr father ¥~ Mrs. l*aVlor ^ked -bf one of her daughters who had tie'eii wise enough \» refuse to Visit the t-ineoi But a few minutes previously Mh Taylor' a fiue greyheail had been seen %bove every other in the room. ' Surely 4ie cannot have gone with those stupid toy ii atid girls 1' . „ . But neither her daughter nor anyone %lsa co'iild eay Where Mr. Taylor was, \intii Maggie, tbe maid-servant was [asked. ♦ That their dirty tsut-throat -Micky Hyatt came tip to speak to the Easier, and hte's gon& out with him-. I wohdfet the master's n6t afraid to be put In the dark with the murdering convict;' % You. mvBt not talk of him in that ^ray-j Maggie-. Ifour master thinks well 'of the man j he has been a faithful ser vant to Us for many years;* ^T6 fe Continued next u&£&.) 