TOPICS OF THE DAY. Wo aro requested to mention that tho Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs Matthew Lang) will hold a reception in the Town Hall on Weducsdav noxt, tho 21st inst.. from 3 till 0.30 p.m. Among tho numerous congratulatory telegrams wbi.ih tho Promlcr of New South Walea received on his arrival in Sydnoy, few will, perhaps, afford him more gratification than a message sent to him by Mr Mark Muss, prosidont of tbo Victorian Bowling Association. When Sir Goorgo (then Mr Dibbs), was on his way to London via Melbourno ho .travolledby special, and in the ordinary course of ovents was entitlod to the ex- clusivo use of tho saloon. It happened thnt a Melbourno bowling team, undor the captainoy of Mr Moss, waa in Sydney, and anxious, liko all good bowlers, to return to the bosom of thoir families, thoy found themselves stuck up owinz to the absence of through trains to Melbourne, on Sunday. Mr Moss casually mentioned to Sir Georgo Dibbs that ho was desirous of getting through to Melbourne, and tho gonial Premier iinmcdiatoly replied. 44 Well, coino in my carriage ; you have as much right to it as 1 havo." "Many thanks," said Mr Moss, " but 1 havo got a team of Melbourno bowlers with ino." " Bring them, too," said tho .Pruiniur, and Mr Moan brought thoso bowlers, and a real good time they bad of it to Melbourne. Tho president of tho Victorian Bowling Association has not forgotten this kindness, and yesterday ho sotit tho following telegram to Sir George Dibbs: — " On behalf "of tho Viclorinn Bowling Association I havo to offer you our sincere congratulations on tho distinguished honor conferred on you by Her Majesty ; and as the representative of the bowling team who were the reci pients of your spontaneous courtesy whon travelling from Sydney on our way home, please accept our best wishes, Manx Moss, Proaident Victorian Bowling Assj- ciation." Lord Salisbury's surronder of Heligo land will (in tho opinion of tho irrepres sible Labouchftro) exorcino a very disas trous effect upon tho Scotch herring fishery, tho most important industry of that kind In Great Britain. Tho German Govornmont is forming a harbor at Heligoland, from which Gorman fishermen will bu able to prosocuto tho herring fishury in tho North Sea, and their com petition will enormously dauiago the Scottish fisheries, inasmuch as fully three- fourths of tho iiorrings caught off tho British coasts aro exported to. Germany. A petition was rocontly presented by Mr ft. Ilichardson, M.L.A., from residents of Creswick, praying for a remission of tho scntenco imposed upoin George Itadford. Ho was recently sentenced to six months' imprisonment forbtealing gold from a claim sb Croswick. The Solicitor - Gonoral has now informed Mr Ilichardson that ho has failod to discovor any reason why his Excellency tho Govornor should bo advised to interfore with tho sentence, jukI that his Excellency has .accordingly .declined to take any action. Attention is requested to anotico by tho 'Town Clerk of Melbourne, to the effect thatcitizons' lists arc now posted at the Town Hall, and on tho principal churches and publio buildings in tho various wards. All those entitled to enrolment should inspect theso lints to ascertain that their names havo been inserted therein, and all persons entitled to bo en rolled, whoso names havo boon omitted, should lodge their claims with the Towu Olerk, not later than Tuesday, 20th inst., on lonns obtainable at the municipal office. It is expected that tho recently erected courthouse at tho junction of Wellington and Bryant ntrcots, Flemlngtou, will be opened next wouk. Tho building is a handsome one of red brick, and with its pcoulisr turretod walls and battlement appearance is designed from tho old Eng lish. It has ample accommodation for witnessses, barristers, clerk of Potty Sessions ; whilst the court chamber » both lofty and handsome. The contract price was about L3000, and the work was carried out under the superintendence of the Pablio Works Department by tho contractor, Mr G. Young, of Carlton. No, 1 of "Criterion," a new weekly society journal, is to hand, and promises well, it is written by a " httlo band of experienced and educated writers, who Isy claim to tho possession of tasto nnd discernment on things literary." and it has for its motto the words, taken from an 41 old scroll, dnst-dimmod by ago," " suoh as tie courteous, witty, wise," Let us hopo that this new literary venture will continuously comblnesUthe three attributesmontioned, and in that hope we trust in all friendli ness, in npite of dull times and depression, it will go ahead and praepor. " Courtosy" in society papora baa been a 41 long felt want " for a considerable period. Wo aro doslrod to call attention to tho postponement of the annivorsary mooting of the Young Men's-Bitile Glass, conueetod with, tho Collins street Independent Church, which waa to havo been held this evening, hut is now postponed to a date o bo advertised. A meeting of thaCigar Makers' Mutual Association, Victoria, was held yesterday noon at the Trades Hall. Mr J. Richards, president, occupied the chair. The object of the meeting was to consider what steps might bo taken to ' save the cigar traoo from perils whloh threaten it. The opposition offecwd to the Budget pro posals was severely criticised, ' and tjie meeting was .unanimous in opinion that untcss farther protection was given to the iudustry it meant that some 500 men would bo forced into vocations which aro already overcrowded. A reso lution urging upon Parliament the neces sity of increasinff tho duty on imported cigars was unauimously adopted. Among the economies of the Acting- Railway Commissioners is the amalgama tion of tho positions of yard inspectors at Prince's Bridgo and Spencer street. This caused the retirement of Mr Frank Bell from Spencer street. Mr Boll, who is comparatively a young man, and a smart officer, lias bcou » offered an ap pointment at tho Straits Settlements, and leaves at once to fill it. A few frionds met liiin yesterday evening at Finlay'e Hotel, and over a gloss of cold top wished him prosperity Its his new upbore. At tho sumo tiino Mr J. Brown, on behalf of tho subscribers, presented Mr Bell with a handsome gold step watch, beautifully engraved. Mr Bell in a few well chosen words returned thanks for tho compli ments paid to him. Tho Metropolitan Assembly held last evening, in tho Masonic Hall, Collins street, under the auspices of tho Misses Uyams, brought a highly successful seuscu to a close. A programme of twenty dances was gone through, nnd thoro wero no less than 150 couples on tho floor. Excellent music was supplied by Messrs Oyctcn and Loinnr ; and Mr Thomas Mitchell (of tho National Bank) gave every satisfaction as M.C. Mr Mitchell was accorded n hearty voto of thanks, with musical honors, for past services. Danciug was kept up with much spirit until midnight. Jf wo wcro to judge of Sir Itoyco'a popularity by the attendance nt his fare well benefit, wo should bo entirely mistaken, and although it is annoying to remember that in Sydney tho housu whon he said goud-byo was ono of tho fullest on record, while yesterday it was decidedly thin, the circumstnnco is easily accounted Tor when it is reinembored that there have been so many wntineo performances lately that the most ardont playgoers have not boon able to find tinio to Attend them. Tho programme was exceedingly good. Ita chief novelties worn the ficst appear ance on any stage of Miss Jessie Harris, a promising pupil of Mr Jaincs Cathcart, a spirited recitation by Miss F. 8. Glccaon, and tho first csiuty of that really talented young actress, Alias Spong, as Juliot. In look, manner and voico Miss Spong exactly fits tho part and her delivery of tho text is fresh, girlish and natural. She will bo an idoal Juliot when ttnio has matured her powers — that is if the per- formanco of tho balcony scene affords any criterion for judgment. Mr Royco, who was very well received, announced his probablo roturn with bis family, who would, ho hoped be found deiirablo immi grants. On Saturday next, at tho Princess's Theatre, Mr Walter Bentloy will appear as Hamlet, in compliance with tho re quest of a nambor of his admirers, who romcmbor tho favor with which that im« pcrfloualion was' received at his last visit. Ho will bo supported by Mr Cosgrovo as Laertes, Air E, Sa&s; as Claudius, Mr Corlcsse as tho Ghost, Air Carey as Polonius, Mr Hans Phillips as Horatio, Mr F. Emery as First Grave- diggor. Alias Bronton as Gertrude,' and Miss Marie Frazer as Ophelia, The per formance will bo ropoated on Monday. Tho Alexandra Thoatro will bo re opened on Saturday evcuing by tho Alaribel Greenwood Dramatic aud Bur lesque Company, when My Sweetheart will bo produced. No expense lias beon spared to make tho pioco a success. Miss Alaribo! and Miss Affatiin Greenwood, bo- sides taking loading parts, wilt sing several now songs. Now scenery is boiog prepared by AI r Harry Grist, and a band of children wilt danco in tho catltor scenes. Various well known- actors, Messrs W. G. Carey, Williams and others will assist the Greenwood Company. Mr Geo. K. Fortescuc, the imperson ator of the gigantic Cuthoriuo in Evan geline, whoso (unions song, I'm in Lovo witii the Man in tho Aloon, bocanio so popular during tho run of that popular burlesque, is to appear at the Gaiety Thcatro on Saturday in conjunction with Miss Viola Fortescue, the Sherwood Sisters, Messrs Ktsson and Koarns, Chas. Fanning, Violet lvinsloy aud others of Air Dan Tracey'a now company. Miss Clara Afongrcdion and Air Lcu- inuno arc announced as additions to the next of tho People's Promenade Concerts at tho Exhibition Building. Tho com pany will also include Miss Miranda, Miss Jcannie Ramsay, Air James Wood, Mr Gladstone Wright, Air W. T. Barker, Mr W. J. Turner, Signor do Bcuupuis and Signer Buzzi. Miggio Oliver is rcmomborod in Mel bourne, and a memorial was placed over her Sydney gravo a day or two ago, whon excellent speeches wcro made. The idea occurs to a correspondent that the French stylo of addross ut tho tunoral of esteemed publio characters might woll bo intro duced. A correspondent writes that ho has to buy postage stamps of tho hookscllors, nnu never can got any but pontiles, so that, for largish amounts, ho has to go through a grant deal of licking. lie thinks that the booksellers privileged to sail stamps should keep the various classes, and not merely such as aro useful to them in theirown business. J.J. writes : Your cnorgetio reporter, directly Sir B. Benjamin's crash occurred, found out from one of Sir B's. friends that he could have laid hands on 100,000 sovereigns three yearn ago. What has be come of thorn ? Thuy are not gono. Hero Is the boom puralo. "A.R.A.AI." writes complaining of a vocal award made in tho Hiborniou Hall competition on Tuesday evening. In Glass 9a he thinks that No. 1G9 should not havo received tho judgo'a award in preference to No. Ill, What a pliotographiorosemblanco thoro is between Titherndge's Abbo Dubois and Irving's Vicar of Wakoliold in Olivia I Not only tho nnpenranco, bnt tho voico Booms tho vory eamo. For the convenience of Alolbourno people attending tho football match, Catlten v, Gcelong, Messrs Hnddart, Parker aud Co. 'a e.s. Exaelaior will remain nt Geolong until 0 p.m. on Saturday noxt, The candidatnro of Mr Robert Rcid for tho Upper Housu vacancy is apparently being viewed with satisfaction. Idr Rcid has received nnmerons promises of support from those interested in all parts of tho pro- 