'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?' ATotc, which ii tlis morse — to hava no appetite for your din-ncr, or have no dinnor for your appetite f There aro lota of people on the one side or the other of this question. Whon 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is tho ideal attitude ot a person towards his moals. Ijut most of ua aro not blessed in that way ; wo either havo too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe tito without enough to satisfy it. Difforont folk will answor this question differently, yet the common sonso of it is that, within reason able limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of tho starva tion lino, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of 'alterations and repairs .*' To illustrate. We rooontly received a com munication in whioh the writer Bays, ' I waa afraid to cat.' Did he fanoy his £ood was poisoned, or did his nature rebol against tho nourishment liyod on? If the latter, why P Let him oloar tho mystery himself. Ho Bays, 'In the.year 1389 I changod my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman tweivo months, and then all at once, no to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, «o that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lone their flavor ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was liko another, and noire was good. My tongue was coatodand furred, with a dark line down the middlo and yellow far round it. My breath wiia offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and ehouldora, which wero always right before I had eaten any thing. Tlibn I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it fell liko a ball in Tny throat, and aot hb if it would choke mo.' We cannot wonder that under these oir oiiaisfcmces our friond failed to do justice to his in»als: He adds that there was what he calls ,'* a priokiiig sensation ' at hia heart, aa though it wero , touchod with somo sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with Spasms, the ogony of which was do sororo tlidt the sweat rolled off hinj. 'I dreaflDd,'1 ho Bays, ' the thought of eating, and mini/ o scanty meal hata tmtide, for I was afraid to eat. ' ' . ????-..-?:? ' After a time I ofot into a low, weak, ner vons oondition, and lolt miserable, u if somo thing was going to happen, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of sleep.' ? What he means by the fear of ..' something going to happen' ia,-of course, tho fear of spine calamity, auoh as the loss of his1 posi tion, his own death, or the death of Bomobody dear to him. This was duo, as he intimates, to tho impoverishod state* of his blood (the lite bearor), hia unstrung nerves, and to tho brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho cro&turoa; of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, 'I stuck to my wort, for 1 had a wifo and family de pending on mo. So I Btrugglod on, bnt what I sufferod for two years is pant ray powers of description. I am sure no Mt has suffered, to much an I have done.' In the latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain ia one's own, and is always harder to boar than is ono's notion of his neighbor's pain. Thoro is a countloBS multitude who nro all tho whilo going through tho samo wrotohed experience, only we don't happon to como in touoh with them. Woll, tho writer finally inontions that aftor all modioal treatment had loft him whoro it found him ho chancod to road in a book of a 0O30 KCncthj Hit his oiun bavins boon enrod by Mother Soigol's Syrup. ' My wifo,' ho says 'got mo a bottlo at Mr. Lanirstaff's, iu Woodloaford, and aftor using its oontontB tho ailment loft mo and hiiB never roturnod sinoo that fortunato day. I should liko tho wholo world to know what it did for mo? I havo boon employed by the Midland Eailway Com pany for olovon yoars. (.Signed) ' Geoegb Httnt, » ' Car Bottom-road, ' Apporloy Bridgo, near Leeds.' Wo publish this by M*. Hunt'a desiro, in ordor that that part of tho world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what season. Chatham Btill retains pride of placo in the quotations on tho Carrington Ktakoa. Duoirasa and Aotbess. — It is not of ton that a baby girl has a duohons and aotross for godmothers, particularly when the babj Uri £r.ppons to bo born in the Ducal purple her self. However, tho lr.tost littlo daugbtor of tbo MarohioncBS of Grnnby, futnro Dnobess of Rutland, can oluim that honor, as tho two ladies who ?' promined and vowod In her namo —whioh by tto way. Is ' Diana'— woro tho stately Duchess of Portland and Mm. Boor bohta Tree, of tha Haymuket Thdatra. 