TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — Mrs. Ashton, it seems to me, is bent on educating the public in some way or other, and finding that the marriage-law business will not go down just at this time, and that socialism appears to be growing fashionable, concludes that the time has come for her to champion the cause and thereby help to down it. She, in her pedantic way, criticises and deprecates the ignorant and loud-voiced orators who have borne the heat and toil of drawing attention to existing evils and thereby advertising socialism, and suggests that they retire in favor of the so-called learned and better class and wait for an indefinite period for the realisation of their aspirations. How nice for the respectable executive and the one man one rifle man and the vermin-clad and empty-bellied crew who reside at the Hotel de Exhibition. Whatever Mrs. Ashton may know of the marriage laws, socialists do not need to be posted that she is not au fait with true socialism ; that in presuming to call herself a socialist and write such misleading rubbish and quote such Rip Van Winkle stuff as she has been doing is to induce all socialists to mutter "Save us from our friends." Free- thought and socialism, Mrs. Ashton, with all due deference, are not intimately blended, and "Christian socialist" is not an anomaly almost as incomprehensible as " merman" or "centaur." Under socialism, as propagated by tho Australian Socialists' League, all individuals would have then, as now, the right to worship God according to their own lights, and this individual right would con tinue until such period as it could be shown that it interfered with other individuals or was inimical to the interests of the com munity. Places of worship under socialism will be as many as at the present time. Tho State would not subsidise, recognise or assist them in any way. If a number of any denomination wished for a church or place of worship the State would build it for them and exact a rental for same. As socialists say all men must work it would be necessary for any com munity of persons desirous of securing one individual to propagate to and for them the scriptures and doctrines of their belief to pay to the State in money or kind tho value of such individual's services to the State ; or, to put tho matter more plainly, if they desired A's services the whole of tho time, and tho State thereby lost, say 24 hours of A's time that it was entitled to, then his congregation, or whatever else it might be termed, would have to make good such lost time for the benefit of the community. As this sectarian ghost has always been used by the bad and unscrupulous for the furtherance of their own ends, and as Mrs. Ashton, with all her reading, seems to have fallen into the same error as tho so-called lower orders that socialism means anarchism, agnosticism, atheism, and a lot of other isms, having for their aim tho downfall of man, I would ask her to read up a little more, ; at- tend a few socialistic lectures at Leigh House. As showing Mrs. Ashton's presumption on some other lines she says : " An evil that has been growing for centuries may possibly take yet other centuries to cure. Tho whole conditions of society cannot be changed in 20 — no, nor in 50— years; it may come for our children's children." A very comfort- able way of looking at the matter for people who arc pretty well off; but what about our thousands of poor and starving masses, what about the man to-day, who to get a meal must beg or steal it ; what about our sisters who work in the large shops and mills, and whoso earnings are uot enough to pay for shelter, food and covering ? I deny the statement that the ignorant man cannot be moral. The best men the world has known have been men who were not learned, and the greatest scoundrels have been from the educated classes. If Mrs. Ashton had taken the trouble to look up Mulhall, Coghlan and Hayter, she would have seen that crime is on the increase and that the "educated" and the "learned" are in the majority. Wait? Has it not always been "wait?" Even the Church thinks the time has come for a revolution. Canon Kingsmill, of St. Matthew's, Albury, has spoken on the sub- ject, as also has tho Rev. E. G. Rowe, of Sonth Australia. Dr. Roseby read a paper a few days ago, in which he says among other things : — " Tho truth stands out that an enormous mass of people are compelled to live without the comforts of life, and a large percentage without its merest decencies ; while some perish from want or resultant disease." Mrs. Ashton also quotes from a lecture delivered at a Deptford workingman's club, and says the words deserve to be written in letters of gold. The lecturer's name is not given, which somewhat discounts in my mind the value of the quotation, if there be any value attachable to it, which is questionable: — "Now there are a consider able number of socialistic teachers who are never weary of crying out that our present state in society is extremely unjust and that it must be destroyed. They are per petually telling the laboring class that tho rich unjustly tyrannize over them and that this tyranny must be thrown off." Will Mrs. Ashton be honest and say such a state of things does not exist, or will she confess herself ignorant of them and thereby demonstrate the fact that she is incompetent to handle socialism? Why is it idle to talk of a conspiracy of the rich against the poor ? What about tho various trusts that have been formed all over the world? What about the Pastoralists' Association, the National Association, and hundreds of other associations for the pro tection of the rich? The allusion to Wil- liam Morris, the English poet and socialist, as being one of those dreamers who think socialism will come about when the so-called higher classes have through morality recog- nised the claims of the so-called lower orders is an indication of the writer's ignorance of William Morris. Mrs. Ashton quotes Karl Pearson's idea of compensation as being juster than George's. The fact of Mrs. Ash ton quoting such authorities proves her to need instructing where she seeks to instruct. The socialists' idea of private landownership, propcrly, mills, manufactories, etc., is that the people owning such would be at liberty to retain the same as before socialism, having a life-interest for that generation that were in possession at the time of the inception of socialism. Socialists contend, however, that long before that time private property- owners would be glad to go over to the State, seeing that the powers that would-be could produce and distribute more economically than the private individual. Though tho Australian Socialists' League do not advo cate the use of tho rifle, there in no doubt that the rifle will come sooner or later unless tho existing state of things is altered.— Yours, etc., T. O'REILLY, State Socialist, Rookwood 