SPORTING NEWS. ? ^ — . ? SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURXE. By ' Nunquak DoRJtro.' Melbourne, September 6. Th* Tcbf. The Hawkesbury gathering of 1893 is now numbered amongst the things that have been, and so far no light has been thrown on events to come. Possibly when the A.J.C. meeting at Raadwick is over we may be able to cast the racing horoscope with a greater degree of certainty than at present ; but still, I fancy, tbat wilt only be : in relation to the decision of the weight - for-a«# event* of the Spring. The items .from 4h« Baadwick training tracks only confirm the excellent preparatory work put in by Autonomy, Camoola, Ulijc, loaation and Trieste, of Tom Payten's team; com bined with information as to the exceedingly good niek Marvel, Bunge bab, Oxide and Little Benue are in. I notice too that the Queen-lander, Realm, has been desport ing himself along sidelOxide, and having none the worst of the bout either. This horse is bound to be properly dangernue whatever his mission is. Oamtwla knocked spots off Arquebus over a mile and a half on Saturday morning, whilst Autonomy downed Trieste in a mile d^h, wberein tne'former was ridden right put, the time occupied being 1 min. 49^ sec?. Little Bernie.spua over ft clink-. ing good mile and a half, finishing ia splen did style. The Marv^L family were all in good form, the ' toff %Jiimself travelling once round like a piaffe of machinery, whereas the Derby colt, BfprpeyJStone, de feated The Workman and. Ott£m»r over e'even f'lJj*gAJfi flrst-clicBB tirne, whilst Wangaueba (the twi --year-oT3) ^spurtis! a fait half mile with Thespiaot BllthaBf (feese are engaged in the Maxibyrnong Plate. [The Hawkesbnry Eace Club gathering on thb Clarendon course on Tharsday and Saturday was seriously interfered with ow ing to climatic influences, raia fa'ling on the last day and seriously affecting the at teodii^- Itesides, zancb^ing ^the gfl&ag; Bomew^t hesvy., Aitho^eb the noble army of tipsteM were»'l afajoaa'in 'their, ejec tions for^the Hftwkeabtory Handfcap, the winner, Selkirk (by Bobinsoa Crusoe from Fratcb) started farourite at 5 to 2, 4 to 1 being on offer against Gaytime, 7's Triden tine and Princess'. '8*8 Isaac, 12' 6 £veristes, Hegira and Eostellan. The issue was never in jioabf, as Selkirk lay behind the ten op posers until a mile had been traversed, when he:clapped on sail for the remaining three : furlongs, eventually romping home ten ledgths in advance of Princess and Everistas, the eleven furlongs occupy ing 2 min. 33 see3. Owing to his viotory in the Hawkesbury Handicap, Sel kirk will have to pat up a penalty of 7H-.*n the Metropolitan Stakes ; but even then he will onJj-fcw**»- carry ttarfigj* impost ; of 6st. ^lbltor ^le^tb^a |e c/Breied^o victory last1 Saturd*^. -3^#8p&gding;|y, Teddy Key 'a Alcides will advance Trom 6st. J©lb. to 7st- -61b. in the Epsom Handicap, his 101b. penalty having been incurred through wioning the County Purse, in which he was h&ndicipped; at 7st. lllb. Selkirk is not engaged in either tbe Caul field Cap or Melbourne Cup. In fact, al though he was foaled, reared and raced in Victoria, very few benefited by his win. We have it on the nnimp achable author ity, of a reverend Doctor, whi^h his name was Watt, that the race is not always to the swift nor battle to the strong. An ir reverent friend of mine once msintaine i that tbe reverend Doctor was not the orig nator of that idea, which, he said, emanated from a marginal note made on his cuff by the apostle Paul, after witnessing a pedestrian contest in theColosseum at Borne. Be. that as it may, it is certainly a very trite remark; and it is equally as certain tbat on the Colonial Turf victory does not always declare itself in favour of the high est priced yearlings. In fact, bo far the experience of the sapling stakes at present contested for this reason proves the reverse to be the fact. Meg, the treble winner in Victoria, wa? picked up by the Messrs. Miller for 50 guineas. Pharamond, who sailed away with Tattersall's Two-year-old Stakes at Bandwick last Saturday week, was secured by his owner, Mr. W. J. Franks, for 43 guineas ; whilst Innamincka, the winner of the Nursery Handicap at the South Aus tra inn JVckey Club Meeting on Saturday, was purchased at the Ea'e ef Mr. Sam. Gardiner's Bundorra Park yearlings last March for 30 guineas ! For all that these are only the exceptions to a pretty generally accepted rale — name y, that if you want a really firs'-eluss article you must pay a good price therefor. But only to thins: if one owner had happened to have had the un paralleled good luck to purchase such a trio of youngsters as Meg, Pbaramond and Innamiocka for 129 guineas 1 : Despite some strenuous opposition the third reading of the Totalisator Bill was agreed to by tbe Legislative Assembly on Wednesday night, after several amend ments had been made. One »f thos ; limits the operation of the bill to the 31st Decem ber, 1895, while another provides that the amount deducted from the l'otalisator for charitable purposes shall be placed in the hands of the Treasurer for distribution, eventually the bill was ordered to be for warded to the Legislative Connca), and it is ttiejre the red struggle will eventuate, the bookmakers offering odds of 2 to 1 that it will be throws out by the so-called Upper House. Doubtless the wish ib father to tbe thought. Still there's no.shutting ene's eyes to the fact that the opposition to the ' infernal machine' (as the bootmakers dub it) will be a most stienuons one ; in witness whereef I may mention that last Friday a large deputation of clergymen, amongst whom were Dr. Gee (Bishop of Melbourne), the Kev. A. Yule (Moderator of the Presby feeriau. Assembly), the Rev. F.NeaUi (Pre sident of the Wesleyan Conference), as well as a large numbet of ministers from other denominstipnb, Mrs. McLean (President of the Women's Christian Temperance Union) and members of the Social Purity Society, waited upon the Premier, and strongly condemned the proposal to legalise gambling by means of the Total izator., The opinion Vas expressed that a Legislative recognition of tbe evil would only tend to increase it. Mr. Gordon, M.l» A.^ said that if an earlier day ia the week had been chosen the deputation would ?have been supported by a large number of members of both Houses of Parliament, and he was authorised by Messrs. Uatrim. Gra ham and Peacock (members of the Cabinet) to mention that they endorsed the objec tion of the deputation to the use of tbe Totalizator. Mr. Shiels, ia reply, pointed out that when a bill was in the hands of a private member the Government could not prevent Par.iament from expressing an opiaion upon it. He did not agree with the deputation that all gambling a-id gam ing was a vice, any more than he would at tribute ein to the Bishop of Melbourne for taking some whisky on a cold night. He freely admitted that the world would be belter if there was no drinking or gambling ; but it was simply impossible to absolutely stop these cus toms by prohibitory methods. The Totali sator Bill was supported bp members of tbe Legislative Assembly who were connected with the church, and by men whose re spectabili'y wonld not be questioned even by the Bishop. He believei that the Totalisator might lead to a slight increase in gambling; but that drawback would be accompanied by the advantage of getting rid of the dangerous system of credit betting and the low-class bookmakers and weighers. They might take different views as to the means to be adopted to minimise the gambling evil ; but they all sought tbe r ublic good, and the Government thought this end could be attainei by surrounding the evil with practicable and possible re s rictions. After which the deputation di m't thank the Minister, but got up and 'got.' Mick O'Brien, commonly known during toe zenith of bis racing career »s the 'Crouching Panther' (from the way in. which he was wont to gather himself to gether prior to making his final effort), passed away, after a lingering illness, the outcome of asthma and bronc'iial c--.n- plaints, at his wsaaeace, tfeidfield, ye&t; r day week, and wait buried on Wednesday, ia the St. Kilda Cemetery. O'Brien, who *u never potssesed of a strong constitution, expired at the comparatively early age_ of 34 ; his father, who was 68 years old, bong so affected by his death, that he, toe,yieMed np the ghost the. afternoon his son was buried. St. Bjaize has been scratched for all his Australian Jockey Club engagements at Band wick, tie ostensible reason being that a bruised heel has been giving his owner (Mr. Ike Earnshaw) a deal of trouble. However, be may possibly recover by Caul flsld Cup or Melbourne Cup time, as Mr. Earnshaw is a remarkably clever person. la *he language of Hamlt t, ' he knows a hawk from a cronstraw.' Cricket. Already the note of preparation has baen sounded in ottr cricket cunpe, and from ' the sign ' I shall not be far wrong in an ti ipating a strong return to the old-time interest evinced in dob cricket. Time was — and not so many years ago either — when people woaJd flock down to the East Mel bourne, Melbourne, and Sooth Melbourne grounds in thousands of a Saturday after noon to witness the knights of the willow contesting for supremacy ; but, ucfortan at?ly, f »r m. nttmber of years the * ' vim ' seerca to hive died out — not so, much amongst die players as the spectators. One great factor in this defection bas undoubt edly been the haphazard kind of way in which tbe senior clubs have- been, drawn against each other for the Premiership Pennant and Shield ; . .- it being a remarkable fact that undJr the system adopted (winners against winners and losers against losers) South Melbourne and East Melbourne have ~pt-t met each other in a premiership contest for two seasons. How the system that can produce such a result as that between two crack clubs .must be as., ntnemely bad oucg and, baeomina seised of this fact, the Victorian Cricketers' As sociation appointed a committee some time ago to consider and report upon the rules (or tbe conduct of rjjTiiiifl ??jU '. I' ' for the season of 1892-93. ¥fbiB reporWJpMpresent ed to a full meeting of the V.C.ASirt, Mon ^ay week,-a»d consisted jof seven jftjeom mendatious ait^cting first el«*jen&. 5R|^Ee, after tome ilinriigliiiiiii i iim 11 ii i- 1 1 n n'r ~n i uljil terdtions. were adopted, as^fallows : — ~ 1.— That the dubs which plijBd for last year's pennant be divided jntj two classes — A and B — according?-' to pet formancea of last season, as foUttwB :^-: A; Class.— South Melbourne,- Jttfil- bourne, Fitzmy. Horth Melboune; Bt-iKaia* anSiEaet Mdbbnrne. B Class.— Ccrltoti, ^tuvqeeity. Port -. Kelbbttrne; Sfefarriond,'William6- -3&wn; j^dEesearlbn.- %. 2.— That the clubs'bompete infteirTespec tive c 'asses until all the dabs have met one another once, making five rounds. 3\. — A Draw shall be made by the Pennant Committee prior to the second Satur day in October, to fix the order of ploy 4or tbe first five rounds .in each.cla&. tfoc'ub shall meet another dublwice in the first five rounds. 4\. — At the termination of the fifth round the four leading clubs in each class (tbe two lowest being then out of com \- pettfbm}': shall weet one^fciiither .Jb; t^Sr' repgjec^ ive dfitsses natal |fe eij^feh . , bepci&ed; bj^L^w. ''*?/?-. ^ B.— In^fhe gwse^r iSeinin |fw.4age of the compemlonBJthepo1iTtioi«W'-iie clnbs shall be determined by the averages of their performances ia batting and bowl ing on a basis to be decided at the first m-Ktiag of the Association after the adoption of this report. 6 — The club scoring the big best number of points in each class to be awarded a pennant and shield, with a badge to each member who bas played in four matches. 7\. — In each following season the lowest club out of competition after the fifth round in A Class shall change place with the highest in B Class. That last clause occasioned a good deal of discussion, there being a strong feeling ex pressed that as this was tbe first year of the subdivision of dobs into dasses and as the 'colour line' (so to speak) between some of the dubs ia A Class and others in B Class was not any to clearly defin- d, it wou'd be more equitable to have the two dobs out of competition in A Class at the cad of the fifth round change places with the two highest in B Class the following year. Eventually, after the matter was well threshed ont. a close division resulted on the clause being allowed to stand as pro posed by the committee, and as printed above. With regard to second elevens, there was a big hitcb. These wtre proposed by the committee to be dealt with as follows : — Second Elevens. ' Second Elevens shall also be divided into two c'asses as above, and play under the same conditions, except after the termina tion of the fifth round, when it miy be necessary for the Pennant Committee to arrange the grounds on which the farther contests shall take place. A badge to be awarded to each member of tbe Premier Second Eleven in «ach class who has played in four matches.' Upon this being submitted to the meeting a terrible pow-wow ensued, some delegates being of opinion tbat the second elevens — that is to say wbea perhaps tbe Melbourne first ekven got relegated to B Class (ahem '.) its second eleven shouft follow suit. However, that idea didn't find favor, and as the majority were not quite dear on the point as to what tbe committee really did mean, and as it was deemed advisable to leave no hinge or loop to bang a doubt on, that portion of their report dealing with second elevens was referred back to them for further elucidation. «n the point. Thus stands the matter. To my mind the whole portends a great revival being taken in dub cricket during the ensuin; season. Dr. Barrett was vey firm ? in the faith chat all matches should be decided in two Saturdays at the outside, mi innings each being tbe basis, an t the Pennant Committee: being given toe power to compel dubs to finish np during the week nights when .neoeesiry. ' But. Doctor, in a two Saturdays' ma*ch, look how tbe element of lack might come in with regard to the. weather,' I contended. ' It is just as fair for one as the other/' was his didacticreply ; 'and, another tfe ing, the be 3t clubs would meet ottener under my scheme, and that the matter of luck -would in all probability be more evenly balanced than it is now.' East Mel bourne 'bdd their meeting last Saturday, and were most enthusiastic over tbe incoming year. They will be consider ably strengthened by tbe presence of Vautin, a good all-roanl cricketer and foatbal'.er. He came over from Tasmania a few months ago, and has done good ser vice m the football field for Essendon. FOOTBiiL Is dragging its slow length wearily along. There have been some fearfnl scenes on some of the grounds this season, bat the matrix between BaUir&L; Imperials and Ballarat (at gallant) on Saturday, completely b.-oke the recard for pure bru tality. Eventually the pups won the match and the district premiership. 