{Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE GHOSTLY VISITATIONS OF CALVERLEY HALL. IT was on a Saturday evening in January, the precise year we cannot determine, when a divine of the Wesleyan Church was slowly approaching Calverley Hall. This ancient mansion is situated in York- shire, and though now shorn of its romantic appearance, its interesting character and picturesque surroundings remain. Calverley Hall, the residence of the family of that name for over 600 years, has of late been associated in our minds with the graceful and humourous poet whose initials, C.S.C., are well known. But he had not risen into the family at the time of which we speak, nor is our tale so poetic as he would make it. It is plain fact, of a somewhat grim and ghostly nature. Let us relate the incidents : The Wesleyan Minister, the Reverend Richard Burdsall, was approaching the Hall from the direction of Bradford, and as he came nigh the chapel at which his ministrations were desired for the follow- ing day he pprceived a number of lads engaged in curious pastime in the ancient churchyard, not far off. They had, it seemed to him, piled up their head-gear in a heap, and were then dancing round the little pyramid in the churchyard, singing a doggrel rhyme, the burden of which had some reference to Calverley, and sounded like an incan- tation. Much surprised by this performance, the minister paused, and crossing to the church, where, Bpying through the key-hole, he perceived a lad, he inquired the meaning of those mysteries, and why the lads were performing such a weird incantation. The boy addressed turned pale with terror when spoken to, and would, in his fright, have escaped had not the minister detained him. When in a great measure reassured by the gentleman and his attire, the lad, in a halting and shy way, con- fessed that he "was watching for Old Calverley." " Who is he ? " inquired Mr. Burdsall, with a smile. " Why, old Calverley, of course, who's buried in the church here, and whose ghost walks and rides about." " Oh ! His ghost rides about, does it ? " " YPS ; sure. And he has a party of horsemen with him who hunts as it seems. They all rush out, and then disappear into a cave yonder." "And you expect to see the ghost? Absurd! " The lad shook his head negatively. "No," he replied. " He's been seen a many times. He haunts the Hall and the church ever since he murdered his wife and children, years and years ago." By this time the wild dance and song of the other lads had ceased, and they were approaching to witness the interview of the stranger with their companion. " Ah, its true Î One day old Calverley did appear, and we ran precious quick, I can tell you," they said. This was rather too much for the divine. He could not credit such manifestions. " Yes ; ánd you mind yourself in the Hall, sir," said one of the sec. " He killed his children in the old room with the wainscot and panels-a big room- they'll show it to you. There's the steps down which old Calverley tumbled the girl. So mind yourself." Greatly amused, but, in spite of himself, somewhat impressed by the evident belief held by these schoolboys, Mr. Burdsall proceeded to the old Hall, and was wel- comed by the inmates cordially. He re- lated his experiences, and was somewhat surprised that his hosts did not join in the laugh with which he announced his tale. But all reference to the incident soon dropped. The honored guest was con- ducted to his chamber, and after making a hurried toilette, descended to join the family at supper. The evening passed pleasantly, and it was very late before the party separated. Mr. Burdsall had quite forgotten the character of the Hall which he had heard, and. midnight was striking from a quaint old timepiece on the landing as he sought his chamber. Good-nights were exchanged, and Mr. Burdsall entered his room lamp in hand. Placing the light on the table, he was conscious of something which impressed his mind, and caused him to examine the apartment, which he had not done pre- viously, owing to his hurry, earlier in the evening. A door at the further side of the room attracted his attention, and with a very natural feeling of curiosity he advanced to open it, and discover whither it led. He found that it opened almost directly upon a back staircase, which may have con- ducted the former occupant to the base- ment, or to the garden, in olden days. Suddenly the remark of the lad in the churchyard flashed into the minister's mind : " There's the steps down which old Calverley tumbled the girl." This thought at midnight was not the most pleasant. But Mr. Burdsall was not a man to be frightened by thoughts. Closing the door he turned away from it, and as he cast his eyes around the walls he perceived the panelling, the quaint frescoes, the ancient waincoting ; and could not doubt that he was in the very chamber in which the murder had been committed. * Well, after all, it could not harm him ! Perhaps it was not the room-the haunted room of which he had heard. But as he gazed his eyes were attracted to a mark upon the boards, and advancing to examine it he was horrified to perceive a deep and presumably indelible stain, as of blood ! This positive evidence was sufficient. He was actually in the room in which the dread deed had been committed I There could be no further doubt about it. The minister knew no particulars of the crime, but he made up his mind to interrogate his hostB in the morning. Of course, the ghost was absurd. After his usual devotions Mr. Burdsall lay down, and notwithstanding the excite- ment of the night and his strange dis- covery, slept calmly. But before he had been asleep long he was awakened by feeling someone touching him with a heavy hand. He was conscious of this, and immediately awoke to feel the con- tinued impression, but could see no one not even an outline of any form in the dense gloom of the chamber. The pressure still continued ; the occu- pant of the bed was endeavouring to trace the cause of this, when he was suddenly cast out upon the floor, in a manner which suggested to him a swinging bed, and some trickery. He rose up, he says, and got upon his knees, thanking God that he was not hurt. " Committing myself to His care, I got into bed the second time, and after awhile, rôasoning with myself whether I had been thrown out of bed, or whether I had fallen out in my sleep." A quarter of an hour elapsed, perhaps, when, as Mr. Burdsall was endeavouring to account for the accident, he was suddenly thrown out again, without any warning or without any apparent cause. There could be no doubt whatever upon the subject this time ; he was wide awake and all his senses were acute. Greatly astonished and somewhat alarmed at the recurrence of the assault, quito unable to account for it, and by that time somewhat nervous, the minister knelt down and prayed ere he again attempted to get into bed. Then he made a thorough search of the room, crept beneath the bed, tried the four posts, but found nothing which would in any way cause such a phenomenon. AlmoBt questioning the reality of the circumstances he again lay down and kept asking himself, half-aloud : " Am I awake ? Am I in my right senses ? " But hardly had he replied to these Belf-applied questions than again, for the third time, he was cast out upon the floor ! This third visitation by the mysterious hand completed his discomfiture. The winter night was cold and stormy ; but he did not again dare-to lie down. After awhile he lighted his lamp, and sat up, dressed, until the late, but very welcome, dawn apprised him of safety. A further examination disclosed nothing. There was no hidden machinery ; the bed was firm, the posts, solid. Again and again the I minister endeavoured to fathom this in- S explicable mystery and failed. , . Was it possible that a trick had been played upon him ? Not likely ! His host was a kindly man, religiously inclined, and friendly, else he would hardly have offered him shelter and hospitality. There was not room for such conjecture. Greatly puzzled, the minister descended to the morning meal, and related his experiences, hinting also at the practical joke which he suggested had, with much rudeness, been played upon him. This protest on the Sunday morning, from an honoured guest, was received wi h regret and amazement. The host at once assured Mr. Burdsall that he was greatly mistaken, and repudiated any such trick. " There is a very sad story to be related in connectien with that room, which is reputed haunted," whispered the host. ; " At a more fitting season I will relate it." Mr. Burdsall appeared contented to listen ! to the terrible tale which still clings to tbe Hall after the lapse of years. The ivy clad walls may have been renovated, the rooms may have been divided into tene- ments, but the apartment in which the deed of blood was done is not destroyed, and the restless spirit of the murderer haunts it still. . ; When the ministrations of the day were j over, and host and guest once more together, the former said : " You will not be disturbed to-night-I will place you in another room-but if you are willing I will relate the circum- stances connected with the house." The guest having signified assent, the narrator proceeded : "Many years ago Walter, Calverley became possessed of this property. He had .been weil brought up, but though a youth of promise, his subsequent career did not keep pace with it. Yet his true nature had not revealed itself when he proposed to wed a lady in the neighbourhood ; but her father would not immediately consent. " ' When you come of age,' said he, * we will again discuss the question. You may change your mind.' " * Never,' replied Walter, fervently. Such a change would be impossible for me.' " ' Time will show,' said the other. ' My daughter shall not want my consent if you return at the specified time.' " This was all that the ardent lover could obtain. He took a sad and passionate farewell of his intended bride and de- parted for London on his business, pro* mising Jo return within the six months which must elapse ere he could again ap- proach his affianced bride. "Emily loved him dearly, and no doubt looked forward to the marriage, when all the fervent promises made in moonlight and twilight rambles would be redeemed. Alas ! It was not to be 1 Scarce six weeks had elapsed when Calverley had again ' fallen in love ' with another maiden, Philippa Brooke, whose charms had en- tirely superseded those of Emily. " The guardian of Mistress Brooke made no inconvenient objection or delay. He approved of early marriages as likely to steady, the young men j so Philippa and Calverley were united before be had had time to tire of her society. " The tidings reached the faithful girl in Yorkshire, and struck her down. With dismay and wrath her father beheld, her drooping day by day. She had given all her heart into her lover's keeping, and he had cast it aside and broken it. She sank and died, but had her sorrowing father known the future he would have thanked God for taking his child from earth . to heaven. " In the leafy autumn the * bride and bridegroom came to the Hall ; they seemed happy and contented, deeply attached to each other, and we may be sure that no remorse then had taken possession of Walter Calverley. But after a while the presence of his gentle, willing wife became irksome. She was too much of a Griselda to please the fiery, wayward Walter. He was not much noticed by his quiet neigh- bors, and their society was distasteful to him. So disregarding his home and bride, he soon started out upon a career of dissi- pation and gambling, to keep up which occupations he was soon compelled to mortgage his estate. "But ample as were his means, and extensive as was his property, his con- tinual drain upon his estate exhausted them. He could no longer amuse himself as for the last few years he had done, and the society of his lady wife and infant children only soured him and made him more and more cruel and morose. "He sold her jewels to supply his low pleasures, and made no secret of this insult to his wife. He compelled her to go to London to obtain her dowry from her uncle, who was surprised at the change in her appearance. But her uncle, and guar- dian, declined to release her fortune ; he suggested another way to clear Calverley's debts, and promised to do so shortly. " Armed with thiB assurance, the gentle Philippa returned with hope, and informed her husband of the result of her mission. " Meantime, Calverley had been going from bad to worse. Journeys to town in thoBe days, and business visits to relatives, were not conducted with such rapidity as in the present century. Some time elapsed while Lady Calverley was absent, and hei husband, not content with insulting her by deeds, began to traduce her fair fame anc virtue. " A neighbour who knew Calverley gav( him the lie. A duel ensued, the ruffiar was wounded by his wife's defender, anc Calverley brooded vengeance upon her ai he lay nursing his arm. Philippa returnee joyfully to welcome her husband, hoping for some affection or regard. But his firs demand is for neither : u ' Have j ou brought the gold ? Is you: property sold ? Quick ! Hast a gooc price ? ' " ' My dear-* " ' Dear me not ! Where is the money you fool? What are you gazing at? ' " ' You alarm me so.' " ' Ah, you'll be more alarmed presently I warrant you 1 Speak out. Where is th money?' " She endeavoured to explain. H listened for awhile, his anger burninj more fiercely as he listened. His appear ance became so alarming at length tha Philippa faltered, and broke idown in he recital. He assailed her with reproachet and would have perhaps killed her in hi rage if a visitor had not been announced But the cowardly blow, which sent hi wife, reeling and bleeding, against th wall, was earnest of his feelings. " Nor was the visit one to soothe hin The gentleman who had come told hil how young Calverley, his brother, ha been arrested for one thousand pounds i which he had gone security for Waite and ruin stared the Oxford student in tl face unless the squire redeemed the bom " Partly crushed by this ill-timed mi fortune, Calverley listened, his regn intensifying his rage. He had th» brought ruin on his house, upon his wif upon his children. There were no meai of retreat for him. He turned to , h visitor. " ' Be pleased to walk in the gardon f awhile till I consider how to release n brother. Refreshments will be sent you. The grounds are worth a visit.' " Thus, with outward calm, but boilit with anger and mad with despair, Cal verh paced the room, and then retired to tl gallery; where he could consider in perfe quiet his position. He became mc violent as he considered it. His broth was the heir ; Philippa was hateful, I children feared him ; he had wasted th< little fortune ; the land was mortgage but his brother might do better with Yes, if all were out of the way " His madness grew j his brain reel and seethed, as it were, within his heat . skull, as he held his head in his clammy hands, and seated himself upon a window Beat. Near him was his elder son, a bonnie lad, some five or six years old, who had been playing in the gallery. He was alarmed at his father's appearance, but as Calverley made no remark, he overcame his terror, and touching his father's hand, whispered : " * Oh, father, how your hand is burning.' This childish remark lashed the father into fury. Possessed by the demons of jealousy and suspicion, of reproach and self torture, the child. which yet might starve from his father's neglect, aroused all Calverley's wrath. He caught his son by the throat, exclaiming, '-What fiend has sent you here ? ' " The lad, now terrified indeed, made a vehement struggle to 1 free himself. The tenacity of his resistance still more en- raged his father, who drew his dagger knife, and pulled his child nearer. "'Kiss me, my brave boy,' he said. 'You struggle in vain. Your lips are blanched, then kiss me-again-again ! ' " The fierce caress had scarcely been " ' Mad Calverley strode out ¿knife in hand, his clanking spurs resounding through the gallery." ' received, when the cold steel pierced the lad's young heart, and he fell into his father's arms-a corpse I " Mad at the sight of his murdered son, Walter Calverley hurried with the corpse, all bloody, to his wife's apartments. The nurse was in the ante- chamber. Philippa, faint and bruised, was half asleep within her bedroom, when Calverley, carrying the murdered lad, broke in. Pale and covered with blood, he dropped the ghastly burden, and attempted to kill the younger child. "«Another bastard brat,' he cried, ' Give him to me.' " He aimed a blow at the unconscious child, but the nurse defended her charge boldly. A struggle ensued, and at length he seized the woman byj the throat and threw her down the staircase from the room. Philippa, hearing the scuffle, had meantime come in and had caught up the wounded second child. Attacked by her brutal, maddened husband, stabbed in many places while defending her son, she swooned away and fell with its mangled little body to the floor, to all appearances dead. " Another yet remained. Away at nurse in a cottage a few miles off was the baby. It must also be sacrificed to the heir-at law, who must be: released from prison at/ any cost. Mad Calverley strode out, knife in hand, his clanking spurs resounding through the gallery. He dashed down the stairs, and was then met by the man ser- vant, who had been informed by the terrir fied servant girl of what had taken place. " A struggle ensued, but Calverley escaped, and hurried across the yard to the stables, where everyone recoiled from him. Saddling his swiftest steed, he rode away at such a reckless pace, that the animal stumbled, fell, and threw his rider heavily. " The hue and cry had by this time been raised, and pursuit was commenced. The murderer was quickly tracked, and, owing to his fall and his horse's consequent lameness, was captured, and immediately carried before the magistrate, Sir John Saville. " No denial was possible, nor did Cal- verley attempt any. Did he repent his deeds ? "'Repent!' echoed the madman. 'I only repent that I did not kill the other bastard brat ! ' " Rebuked for this, ^ the examination continued, and finally Calverley was sent to Wakefield Gaol. " Here he seemed to recover his senses in some measure, and requested permission to see his wife. This request was, after awhile, granted, and as she was unable to move, in consequence of her wounds, her repenting husband was conducted to his own house. " Far from reproaching him, the poor woman embraced, and even welcomed, him. A most distressing interview ensued, the wife lamenting her children as she offered her husband money she had saved for them to bribe his guards. But Calverley would not. He would die boldly for his crime, and when the entrance of the physician interrupted the interview, Walter took a weeping farewell of his wounded spouse. " The trial came on, but the accused ref used to plead. He would not endanger the succession. He would not confess his crime, and was sentenced to be pressed to death instead of being hanged. Quite aware of his terrible fate, he nevertheless persisted in his refusal to plead. In a few days the horrible sentence was carried out. His sufferings were intense, and tradition tells that an old servitor who was present at the execution sat himself upon the stones to press his master's life out, and to ease him of his pain. The faithful fellow was hanged for his com- passion." "Thus died Walter Calverley-no mythical personage," concluded the narrator. " His restless spirit haunts the . place, and many a time the headless ghost and its phantom retinue has been seen and heard in Calverley." " Indeed ! " said Mr. Burdsall. Then he suddenly rose, and said in an awe- stricken whisper, " Listen ! Who is beginning to toll your church-bell ?" " No one," repeated the host, his heart beating somewhat faster than usual. "But surely it is so. What can this mean ?" In a few moments the deep tolling of the bell. had aroused the village. The keys were brought by the sexton ; the door had been securely locked-no one could be within the church. But the boldest entered and searched in all directions. No one was visible to them. The bell ceased tolling, the rope hung ; listlessly do wn unwavering. There was some mystery in this. 4< It's Walter's ghost," said the gossips, f He will come at times ! He cannot ever rest! " ; Next morning the minister left the Hall in deep thought. The legend-or rather the history of the man-was soon verified. The property eventually passed from the Calverley's, but the spectre is said still to haunt the precincts of the, now divided, premises, the churchyard, and the room of evil deed in Calverley Hall. [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] \---- There are said to be sixteen men to one woman in Buenos Ayres. *** More than 100,000,000 Chinese, it is said, are engaged either directly or indirectly in the tea industry. V Parchment used for banjos, etc., is made from the skins of( asses, calves, or wolves, those of wolves being considered the best. * * * It is believed by Chinamen that cat's meat is a remedy for lung diseases. * It is served in most of the Canton restaurants, cooked in various ways. * * * The plumes in the helmets of the French dragoons are made of human hair. ** * The citizens of Chicago term their city " the food dispensary of the universe." * A man, says a news item, rubbed lini- ment on a horse with a sore finger, and is poisoned. This should teach persons not to fool with a horse that has a sore finger. 