TjS » *^'J,SO/£ HVUn*?':: TBtlZi or THE PIilSQNB® ' Windsor murder was favrly f°r Iced on Thursday, the 2Sth fnr after hearing the medical M AtlT as to the state of the Miners Mr Justice HodSes Pn^? i in allow anv farther ad ^ raent as the medical men (Drs l^Lthorne and Pishbomne) would f -nve a definite statement as to l° tbeT formed then- opinion ot the Ewer's insanity one- Rasing his riinion on Deemmg's statement that ^ h his parents had been inmates of Eatic asylums, and he himself had Ln an inmate of an asylum at differ ! n^riods of his early youth, whilst, hp had been known as ' Mad Fred ' br members of his own family. The ; other medico dwelt, at length on peases affecting the brain, which tbe prisoner is said to have suffered from, doctors seemed to latisfy bis Honor as to the prisoner's oresent state of mind, let, alone forrn mg one at the time the foci deed was lone. A ie nark by one of the soli tors that had ' a third party been regent would the deed hare been jone,' seemed to have effect, and the ?age was then gone on with- The prisoner (who duiing the medical evidence was not Present) was placed in the dock, his demeanor being alto gether different from that which he issnmed at, the inqnest, and beyond in occasional smile, his face bore the, [races of utmost anxiety. Just as proceedings were about to commence Jfr Deakin annonnced that doctor* pd counsel for the defence had withdrawn from the oas.\ and it looked a* if the prisoner would ap pear underended. His Honor, how ever, assigned Messrs Dealnn and Forlono'e as counsel for the piisoner, md business was proceeded with. Mr 'Walsh, Crown Prosecutor in jpening the case dealt at length w^th matters already well-lmown to the jublic, and gave an outline of the iridence., on which he thought the jti^v would be able to come to no other jonclnsion than that the prisoner was ruiltv of deliberately and with great ;nmrin°: and ingenuity taking away :he life of his wife — Emily Mather. About a dozen witnesses wee then sxamined, but beyond going to prove ;he identification of the prisoner, the ividence was similar *o that given at he inquest, and the Court adjourned ill Friday morning at 10 o'clock. FkIUAT'S SlTTIKG Renewed interest appeared to be aken in the case on Friday, and . large crowd of persons anxious to atch a glimpse of the prisoner pre ented themselves at the Court, lose who were possessed of tickets Fere admitted, but those who wei-e ess fortunate, left no scheme untried. Some stated that they had given up ftelr tickets in mistake at the rail way station, other varied matters by relating their mistakes in giving them up at the theatre tbe night before, but it was of no avail, for they had to retire. The prisoner, as he entered the dock, took up a respectable attitude, standing erect somewhat after the maimer oi an orator about to start an address. Then he placed his right hand in a pocket beneath Ins coat, and palling out pencil and paper aud raising the small flap-desk, proceeded to write industriously, paying little or no attention to the evidence as it proceeded. Then after a while he ie lUffied liig seat, and relapsed into his customary attitude of sitting with one lef- over the other. The chain of evidence, link bv link, *as piled np against the prisoner. John Featherston, the carrier who engaged by Williams, related his narrative ; identified the pri soner, also the canary, and some boxes 'fhich wei-e part of the luggage, and told of the pr-omises which Williams o made in the shape ot giving him ^ and Mrs Spedding, who hve cext door to the house where the Murder was committed, both gave cono}x)]-jf]'ve evidence as to seeing ilHams and his wife in h-ont of the wsi\ and also saw him getting sand T a bucket and trowel in the gar eD- as well as hearing noises in the ?l!je ^ if a bricklayer was at work, V.;' ** a lodger of Spedding's gave ? ence as to being awakened at °y -glit on Christmas morning by a h°1SjYl ^oor- The widow who ® them quarre'.ling and a noise * 1 something was thrown was ex ®med at length by counsel, whilst ozens of witnesses who had had «rd with the prisoner all stood the i a severe cross-examination Jtbeeonasel for the defence. Miss produced the letters she aim *rom Deeming, and in . *er, ^ a qnestion put by the pri a?r,throa?b bis counsel, admitted It ft ? ,Was rerf kind to iler whilst e athharst. The evidence, how Co^' wf's,8imilar to that given at the inquest, andthe coart ^ J^tned tdl the following day. Saturday. tJ1,lr-i da7 of the trial, and at. jjr , Proce^din^s commenced eir'y nonr earlier than usual, the publi1^11 a la^e attendance the e. c^ar,?e in the appearance ot QSe-? danJ became more SaturdavTh 0188 prn,',ee-le(1- -)n of hig fcre was not the ghost of *88aps»« confident air and cynical c°nCer.nCe' /he semblance of un merriment, bat aPPears.n a ,c.aitJVk.0rI1 am* woebegone ! tnj^ ,Ce' bstenintr with ritrid fea- ^ ^WrtofCOmprefed liPs- ^'t still Editions) letting of -j m tbe c!iaiD of cir Ce hj the aetec Unrflo j STQ^onie story of '*» the first of io tbe and he related i,e -!lear'y and plainly, on H,n; . Considine ^ J** t0 ^ Andr,w **' ^ when he was bringing theJiccused from Perth to M-;Vbonrne. ? Jti connec- tion be mentioned ^thjitlfi.the litter found about the bousfe .^rh'erv the murdei-ed woman's, body^as dism - terred there was a torn-up label marked ' Iiandauum- — Poison — Cey- lon. Cawsey was proceeding to give deta'ls of oiher pieces of paper found in the yard, but whtu the Judge ascertained from the Crown ' Prosecutor that - hese would not f u? - i nish any matter of relevance to the issue before the Coart, he. interposed pointedly in order to save valuable time. There was a touch of con temptrons impatience in the remark with wh'ch Mr Justice Hodges dis missed the un*mpoi*tant detail. ' They oogbi,' he obsei ved, ' to have swept the ya**d and brought tbe dust here !' While Cawsey was giving particu lars of the various articles of jewel lery, women's clothing, etc., found m the bores belonging to the prisoner, Williams looked on gloomily, or oc cupied himself in dil'gently leading his notes or ccmmun;caiions received from his coanse1. A silver drinking flask mai-ked 'F.B.D.' was a con necting link with ' Fieuerick Bayley Deeming;' a small smell -ng bottle marked ' E.L.M.' a sad souvenir of poor Emily Lyd:a Mather. But a si. '11 more important piece of docu mentary evidence was to come in the shape of the matiid^e cc-Lificate be tween Albert CM-ver Will'ams, and Emi'y Lydi a Mather, at - be parish church at.. Rainhill. This was a reference to his muidered wi'e, which, whether he himself was inno cent or guilty uf causing ber death, might, have been expeCc«d to move Will'ams to some ind'Ci'.ion of feel ;ug or of sympathetic intei-est, if any thing on eai-tb or in heaven could. Even tbe judge glanced acoss at the dock and eyed the pi- isouer close 'v and keenly. The accused sat un moved, appaiently as unconcerned as 1 thouqrh he could not hear what wrs passing in the coutt, ; he had h s head slightly bent forward and was j reading some notes or a commnnica- j tion with what appet- red to be intent i a- j terest and complete absorption. De tective Smytbe, of Weste1 n Aus tralia, followed Cawsey in - he box, and his testimony gave in instance Oi the unblushing con' adic'iois in | which the accused indulged. 'Vvhen | questioned by Cawsey as to the disap I pea ranee of his moasfache at AJ« ! bany, Williams said, ' I won't tell you who did it. I am not going J,o put anyone away.' Smythe asked him about it at another t'tne, and he replied that he never had a mou stache ! At 'bis piece oc testimony there was a genei-al smile, but Wil liams did not share u. He main tained his melancholy, gloomy as pect without a bieak. The only other witnesses examined were the medical gentlemen who made a post mo-, tem of the corpse of the murdered woman artei it had been taken from nrder the fire- place, and the expeiJs who could throw light on the prisoner's sair'ty or otherwise. The latter gave the court the benefit of ^-heir exhaustive researches into diseases of the brain, physical, mental and mo-al, and each were subjected to cross-examination, with a view to prove by analogy the insanity of the prisoner. The first witness, Dr Mullen, g«*ve it as his opinion that on the day of the murder, sopposmg Williams to be the culprit, he was morally and legally responsible, whilst Drs Shields, Dick, and Jameson gave it £8 their firm convict' on that Wilb'ams was and is sane. D- Molb'son was questioned to show that the body might have been under +he hearthstone tor many months — the firsl, attempt to dispute the identification of the murdered woman. A fi er sit+ ing till 5.30, the trial was adjourned till 10 o clock Monday morning. MONDAY The la^t day o' the trial of Deem ing for the murder of his wi.ee came to a close of Monday. Tbe closing scene o' the impiessive diama was remarkable in more than one respect, for after a lengthy and eloquent ad di-ess by his leading counsel (Mr Deakin), he himself delivered a sup plementary one. being the most ex traoir.ing oraticn ever heard in a court, of justice. A few minutes after court opened, everv inch of accomodation was occupied, and eve y door to tbe chamber was either Mcked or guarded by stal wai't policemen. The cor ridoi j» were also grarded, and none but those holding passes wereallowed to enter the charmed cii-cle on tbe eastern end of tbe building. Shortly before two o'clock a crowd o. some hand^ds moved up to the Lonsdale street, door-f?. and soon bad t-be quar tette of uniformed men unpleasantly jammed and jost'ed about ..lie foot path. A few females had got them selves on the doorway, and their position was al«o rendered unplea sant as the crowd. incre?sed, and one or two drunken men commenced to make matters merry. In a little while the crowd extended right ac cross the tuwnway bne. pjd pedes trians along the st;*eet had to proceed by the other side, for the crowd was an exceedingly rough one deter mined to gain admittance by book or by crmk. They hooted and jostled the police, and sooc made such a din that Justice Hodges had to send for the Sheriff, who in turn called up Inspector Grey, and a couple of dozen police were sent out to clear away the roughs and i-owdies who had su(r celled in infeniipiir.ff the proceer'~ ing8 in court just at the time wlien Mr Deakin was in the highest flights of his oratory and pleading. The connsel for Deeming sat down m despair, and a united effort was made bv the police to secure 'silence. ®*or hale an honr they str^vp cro jvd, but they m? fut well lia%e endeavored to stem i. he incoming tide of a great eea. The crowd kept up a | igreat jeoring and hooting, and after a short silence, which Mr Deakin took advantage of, broke out again M Vigorously that Kts Honor ha5 *g»in ( .to interfere and this tixiae a rtreu^ b.nly of mounted police s«f, for. Upon the aiTival ef these a juncri m was effected between the mounted ®nd -foot police, and the crowd were compelled to move forward. The scene was a most exciting one, and at times threatened to result in almost open riot. A photographer brought his in strument into Court, and. was about fo take the jury, when one of them protested vigorously, and said he would appeal to the Judge, npon wh?ch the camera man shouldered b'.s instrument and beat a retreat. Mr Deakin addressed the jury, but not at great length, aud Mr Walsh replied almost as concisely for the pi-osccution. The most extraordinary develop ment in connection with the unfold *n j of the horrifying stoiy oi: crime and Vice, at the trial of the murderer WiU'ams, took place on Monday when the counsel for both s'des lidv:ag finished theit- addresses, the ?i-'Soner asked permission to make a statement on his own behalf. This hav'ng been granted, Wil'iams, in a voice apparently broken by nervons ress and the sense of his impending danger, launched into a rambling de fence. Premising tr's remarks by stat.ng that he was the victim of popular prejudice, he declared not only his innocence, but total ignor ance of the crime. Em:ly Williams, he fully believed, was a'ive at that moment ; whilst if tbe jory would 'ook at the evidence of some of the witnesses they wou*d see how bis b'*e had been foresworn. For in stance, Mr Woods, who had sold b'm 'he cement, had made impossible s^tements. Repeatedly averring that he cared nothing for bis own liFe. and if he were released on tbe the spot that moment he would take h:s life by his own hand, the prisoner nevertheless preserved some sort of method in the tenor of h^s address to the effect that the trial should be postponed. The connection was. how ever, interspersed with allusions to his loss of memory and his injuries, incidents of travels, and fierce denun ciations of tbe press and public, which was banded together to take h's innocent l?fe. He had endured all the unspeakable shame of the pablic trial, but he could have died hupp/ if Miss Ronnsfell had de clared her belief fn his innocence. He spoke disparingly of Mr. Hirsch feldt, who he said came to him and played cards, draughts, &c.;, as a friend, and promised to stick to him, and then went into the box to tell lies. He was about the last man he would wish to see — a liar and a card sharper. He averred also that wit ! nesses who covild clear him had re fused to do so. He asked ' Is it likely that a man who had committed a crime like this would subject himself to all sorts of curious r'ews of dif ferent people about the place as they say I did. I knocked about Mel bourne for weeks after; and to go aid engage myself to a girl in the next colony, come back through this colony again into another — is it likely a man would do that If he was mad be would do it. If he were as mad as a March hare he would do that. I am a tramp, and have, been all over tbe world. The only two countries I have not been in are New Zealand and Russia, and if I had done this thing do you think I would remain in the colony. I may be a madman a^d sometimes betide myself, but I don't think I would do that.' The jury, after the summing up of the Judge, retr-ed, and in half an hour had arrived at a verdict of ' Guilty, and that the prisoner was perfectly sane.' The Associate. — Prisoner at the bar, have you anything to say why sentence of death should not be pronounced upon you ? ! The Prisoner. — All I have to say is what I said before, that I am not guil-'y, and that I have not had a just t^ial. It is against all justice that I should have been dealt w'th as I have. It is a master of impossi bility for the jury to have been of a different opinion to the general public. They have had weeks with the papers drumming at them the same as the rest of the public have had. They did not think at that, 'ime that they were going to be appointed as jurymen to consider this verdict. They may say what they l'ke but it has prejudiced them a gainst me, and it is that alone that has brought in this verd.ct. It is not the weight of evidence, for by the weight of evidence it ought not ?o have gone as it has. I told tbe jnry in my address that it was a matter of indifference to me whether they brought me in guilty or not ; guilty. Whichever way they brought in their verdict I should not consider it a just one because the trial has not been just from beginning to end. It is not because the law would not per mit an adjournment It is simply because I have been an expense to the Crown, nothing more or less. So far as the sentence goes I do not fear that, not a little bit. I know I am innocent, and that comfort will carry me to the eud. Tlicre is on1y one th:ng I warn the public in general, and that is in future not to deal with a man again as they have dealt with mj I say I thank for this the public of Melbourne and no one else ; and though I may die for this I shall not be deid long before they know my innocence. If it is not made known bcic it will be madefcnown elsewhere, but I do not think it will come to that. It will be made known before that happens. I hope in passing sentence your Honour will make it as j short as possible. I have been here I *nnr rlnr1! and I hnve been here since j j 10 o'clock this mormn~, and it is time that I was released from it. It ! j a lot'of time going i into a long address, I do not see tbe ' need of it. I know what I am here for. Even if I had done it I should not have done it without cause, and if a man has juBt cause he is justified. Jgven if I had been released what is life to me? I should not have lived [ 24 hours. It is better for the law1 ll niHirrn ninnr ;t nyirriir mSmm to di-yt-oy :ie tbau'for me ?'ttt destroy . mysoi,'. I Iw-ve a happy feeling iu ; my conscience that I am innocent a', it is ;-ossiblefor a man to be. It is a matter or iidifference to me what tbe pablic th nk ; they may say what they like. There is only one thing would have comforted me, and that is if Miss Roinsefell did not believe me guilty, if she had believed me innocent it .would not, have troubled me ic all Australia had believed me guil. y. Because it is tbe papei-s that has done it. I was condemned before I left Wesiern Australia. Those gentlenieu know very well that for wee'is the papers was drumming at them. Is it possible that opinion and that prejudice would be driven out of t'lein in four days. Nothing I cou7d sivy, or your Honour conld say, would d ive it out of them. H'S Honour— It is not my ia tention to say one word beyor-d passing upon you the sentence of the law. The Prisoner. — Thank you. Th..c is a1! I want. Hlh Honour passed sente^e of dear.h ii fie usual formula. Tbe Prisoner. — Thank you. The Cor; t was then adjou ?ed. 