S CIENTIFIC. A medical officer in the Argentine navy has arrived at the conclusion that mussels are liable to become poisonous at particular phases at the moon. Dr. Segers says that the shellfish is rarely injurious at the time of full moon, but when the luminary begins to wane they become poor and poisonous. He attributes the poison to the death of the mussels themselves, the ptomaines thereby produced being absorbed by the survivors. The idea is rather fanciful and it is open to any one to doubt the truth of the alle. gations. There seems little doubt that the inven tor, who can perfect an apparatus which may be relied upon to diminish, if not wholly prevent, the shocking fatalities which usually accrue from oollisions at sea, will be entitled to the thanks of the com munity. It is claimed that such an appa ratus is already in existence, that known as Holme's patent collison apron. The atten tion of those interested in maritime mat ters was recently redirected to this contriv ance by experiments conductod at 294 Littlr Collins-street. The apron is con structed of two sheets of canvas, with battens of wood welted in between, and when not in actual use is kept'rolled up on deck in some spot conveniently adjacently to the bulwarks. When a collision takes place the apron is at once lowered to =the water mark immediately above that part of the hull which presumably has suffered injury. The action of the water causes it to speedily unroll, and if the plates or timbers have been actually broached, the apron is driven with great force over the hole, which it her metically seals, being kept in position by the tremendous pressure of the sea water outside. Chains are then passed under the vessel, and are drawn tightly over the canvas, with a view to making certainty doubly sure, and it is contended by the inventor, Mr James Holmes (formerly of Auckland, New Zealand) that the necessary repairs can be effected from the interior, under cover or apron, and so, with ordinary care, the vessel be enabled to make any port in the world. The invention has already been submitted to the Royal Humane Pociety of Australia by Mr T. W. Parratt, architect, who is assisting Mr Holmes in his endeavour to obtain proper recognition for the invention; and that body has strongly recommended the Marine Board to insist upon the proper equipment of every vessel leaving port with the apron. This desire, it should be said, is manifest ing itself very generally among those con cerned for the lives of the countless crews and hosts of travellers who have business upon the sea.-Leader. The ghost consists of a person com pletely covered with a sheet, so arranged as to give a dim outline of the head. When in position a short exposure of about half an inch of magnesium is given; then as soon as possible, the ghost being removed, but nothing else touched,another exposure is made by magnesium flashlight of the other figures required for the picture. This method gives excellent results, the pattern of the wall paper showing through the ghost, which gives quite a realistic appear ance. - The seamless boat, pressed out from an ingot of steel and shaped by hydraulic power, an English invention, is considered in England one of the latest triumphs of human ingenuity. It is claimed for these boats that they will last twice as long as wooden ones, that there is less danger of their capsizing, and that they are less liable to be affected by changes of climate. V This method of producing a boat is simply a larger application of the method which has long been oIr d for manufacturing cooking utensils and other articles of small dimensions. h A Serious Offence.-Judge : 'Well, offi h cer, who is this person, and what is she e charged with f' Officer: ' Sure, it's the , magnetic girl," yer honor, ahid she's charged with electricity.' 