II.—THE HICADU:SS TKAVKLLKU. Ihis thrilling story is vouched for by the office department, and thus in a measure conigher their s the i and ty, and onet> at r.iglit, as local rural postman, knows that this siory is true, and as he has been in the confidence of tho jwst office department for nearly twenty year^, and as tho post office department is in the confidence oi the Government, I thiuk 1 aui not claiming too much in making the Government- responsible for this daik and .stormy night, and after Tompkins Lad somewhat caught bia bre.-itb and other refreshments at the public-house, lie told his thriiiiiig tale. "It was a tall man,"'he said, "without a head." "And how could you teil that on sueli a d:irk, wild niynt r' was asked. "Bi-caiise,"' said Tompkins, "he earned his head under his aim. aud eyes they glowed like live coals, aud his mouth spitted fire." This was enough for the crowd at the hostelry, and thev resolved not to go home till morning, and heroically kept to thoir resolutions. The ghost was "seen by various other people after that, always alway; on wild and stormv u >gkts, and always with its fiery head under 'ts anu. The local authorities supposed it to restless sjiiiii of a traveller who had been waylaid on that road and beheaded bv "obbcrsiu 1(>32, and who had become tired waiting for the jiolice of Scotland Yard to find the miscreants. The police had a clue, but the £ llost appeared to be impatient. Johnny Knobbs. who went his last postal r qunds about the time this ghost walked, was —ivised to look out for it, which he did, but it ever crossed his path. A servant girl in Blemboro' House had seen tho ghost one wild when she v/as coming home, and the sight had well niph bmeft the poor girl out or what feuits she had. One tempestuous night there was a ring at Ulemboro' House door, and the w n t to who it was. Instantly the house was filled with shrieks. The headless B^ost it was who rang. The master and tlirest crow ded to the door and saw there the amazed face of honest Johnny Knobbs, who had his cloak over liis head to shelter himself from the storm and his lantern under his arm. This was why he had never met the ghost. 