A Railway Ghost. (By Tnc Individual Himself.) j As there is a ghost in this story, according to all established rules it ought to commence with Vonce upon a time.' bat as I am some what of an iconoclast, not even such a veuor able figure of speech can escape annihilation » at my hands. Let me be exact in chronology at leASt, I had been hastily summoned from Brisbane tn tbe bedside --f a wealthy old uncle from whom X naa expecrauonn, nun an toe reieu'raui in formed me that he could not survive his pre sent attack o.f gout, I thought it might be as t well for me to be 'in at the death,' aud &o; one fo^gy day tn May. 1S32. found ra« travel ling to Southport, whe»e the old geaJeman lived. There were bnt few passengers on tho train, and I had the comfort nf a carriage all to myself. TV© stopped to take in water nt n wayside station, whenapasseugerwas hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compart- ; roent by the guard. i The stranger was a tall, t.hin. middle-age^ j man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a Ares* tight-firting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man wbo tad run very much tn seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxuriant growth of his arms aud less. Observing his clo'bcs steaming with the damp air, I began to realise tbat it had suddenly become very cold. 'Quite a ahance io the weather,' I re marked. ' Very cold to-uiuhr. is it not ?' 'Don't feel the cold myse f. Perhaps you would like to change placcs with me ; there is no drauizht here ' I replied ibat I should be glad to do so if it did not inconvenience him. and accordingly we changed scats. It was cold, and no mietnk'. I must have taken a chit', for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion oo the oppasite ue-*t, on whom the lamplight now shone full. I saw that his face was u-»t so thin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed ; and I must have ma^e. a mist.akc'as to his a^e, for he was bv no means as old an I had previously judged. How cold it was, to be sure I As I look d at him, I noticed that bis aspect changed mo mently— that he was growing younger; that tbe wrinkles in his fac* were tilling out nod smoothing down, and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. An his cheeks grew rouud aud ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very ey eg, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry ont, but could not. I was paralyzed with the oold— cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid and benumb my vitals, for I saw that the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger— no mere friend or acquaintance he had become me ! I held up my hands to try to shot ont the sight, and, as I did so, was that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, aud puckered. And then I knew thnt this roan— this fiend bad stolen my body, and given me his ? Maddened with the discovery. I rone to my feet— his feet— which tottered beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light as vapor, for they passed over his body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had .been given me for my own body of flesh aud blood, which this wretch had stoleu. By some sorcery or another, we had indeed changed places. ''Sorcerer — demou !' I cried out. ooly to hear myself speaking with his sharp, cracked voice. When I raw myself sitting opposite to roe, coolly addressing me in mv own voice, I cou'd no longer credit my senses— if. indeed, I had any of them at all left of my own. ' Dare any you think you are speaking loud sow,' be said, 1 answered by shonting for the guard as loudly as I ould. 'Ah, you miuht caff a good deal louder than tbat. Why. if tbo carriage wen* full of passengers they could no more hear ynu than they could see you,' he continued, chuckling, and screwing my features up into a hideously knowing grin, euch as I could never have made them assume. ' You see, my friend, yours is a body of air, of -hadow, inseuBible, impalpable to all bnt myself, just as it was to all but you when I entered the carriage. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am. Well, two years ago to night I was a passenger by this train. There was a collision with « stupid goods train, yoa sefe, aad the result was that several passengers were injured. One of them was— welL it's no use tniucing matters killed on the spot. Quite so. It was I. Yes, I am what you would call aghast, although we do not consider that just the correct term among ourselves— we have a better word for it. Now I have told you what I am, yon will, doubtless like to kn»w what 1 want. Very good ; yon shall see.' The ghost in my body theo begin to fuel iu my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, which ho filled from my pouch and Jit with one of my matches. * 'Ah,' he proceeded, pulling like a steam endue, 'you smoke very good stuff— natural leaf and Two Seat! ; not a bad mixture, thoubh I prefer a littlo CavcudUh with it myself. Not at all a bad. body of yours. either,' he went on, eyeing the form in which he w&s; sitting; 'not at all a had body ; and it fits me to a T, only a little short in the arms. By tho way, I fiud oue of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go ami say I did thtt, when you come tn yourself again ; aud your nose is a little long for me, but I dare &ay; it blows none the worse for that.' I shuddered as 1 eawbim take out my pocket-handkerchief and ubc it on that cherished organ of mine. ^ 'Yes, I dare B^y now you feel tho cold a little ; I did at first, but it's nothing when ynu are used to it. I find your body very warm— being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't he for long. I require it 'positively for this night only,' as you sty in yonr ^lay-bills ; and will return it uniuju-od by tbe t*me we get to Southport. By the bye, let me beg of you to be a little carefnl how yon throw yonr armi about so much as you did just how, for my body is of a more delicate construction than yours ; and being so tbin in substance, ! am afraid you will chafe it under the arm- pits. You will observe, ladies and ? gentlemen,' he went on, in lecturer's style, ** tbat if I t*ke a lighted match and insert it in the corner of the patieut's eve he will feel j so pain.*' Raying this, my dreadful companion | * proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a huruiug . match. I certainly felt uo pain as the match burned in my head. g&iYon; will allow, after oil you see, that my shine has all its advantages,' the ghost pro ft' ceeued ; 'but it also, has its disadvantages. Try the pipejjow.' I tried to. take the pipe —it 'dropped thiuugh ray vapory fingers. He plaeed.it in my mouth; I could not hold il, nor get Jt whiff from it. 'Precisely ee,' said the ghost 'Now, this is Juat what h.u brought me here V-nigbfc. , & great smoke' all my life, dqii-g my twelve pipes aday regu larly,I4iave been tfofunct these two years, aud during?all l hat time I hnVeii't^ad aamrtke ! Not I. miss, my 'bacca dread . fol. ' nJihWiT is a provision 'made 'for «moker- doinrwith us, yj'U will utidorsta td ; but we , . «re governed 'ty * lio'trd pi L&rertixi;? ivbrts ceneral Jncapaoity equals 'that nf— well the ; ifujway.iJommiitfioiibrs. ; There ia a stock of bbdies kept for smokers', -so that it .y»u want to ppjoy * pipe you most go'. into .one.of 'the bodittb'io get it. . But if you will believe me, tbe, supply is so notoriously .insufficient to meet the dernaud that there' it no chauci- - t whatever for a new ghost to get a smoke. When J entered the society all the bodies were out in use, and booked for three years in ad* vance. My name han been dnwa on tbe book, for two years, and there «. so chance of my getting a' body atlotted to me for a twelve month. Fancy two years without a smoke I Why, sir, the incompetence of our Board is something awful. I can only explain the reason why we put up with snch gross mis management in the other world is because we have become so used to it in this. Our consti tutions, however, aro being undermined to that extent that the Botrd hap at leugtb beeu coeiced by popular feeling into pissing a measure, empowering ghosts to render then selves visible to a siugfe individual at a lime, in order that they may effect a change of bodies for short periods, always with the consent uf the person -o question, for the pur pose of indulging in a habit which the directors say they ' cannot, however, but characterise as pernicious and injurious.' George III. and George Washington, l-oth members of the Board, opposed the measure j they, however, were left in a ridicu'ously smill minority Under this new act, I obtained your body.' ' You never had my consent, friend 1' I cried. ' It is vulgar to call names, my friend,' the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with ray fingere; 'hut you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, aud you agreed as you mast be well aware. But, deir me 1 here we are at Southport ; but, however, I must finish my pipe— think of two years, aud not a blesBed draw, my fn» nd !' 