UNCLE FRED'S GHOST. My Aunt Maria was an uncommonly protty woman ; what she could possibly have scon in Uncle Weston I don't know, except thoso £15,000 of his. Uncle Weston was simply a creature who ate and diank — an animal, a pig. 51 o, ho was more . than a pig, he was several pigs rolled into one ; ho was what tho Americans call in that expressive lan guage of theirs "a swine." Yes, that's tho only satisfactory word. It may seem un- dutlful and disrespectful ; but to my mind that American nonn of multitude — a swine —exactly dcscribos my uncle, William Weston. Though we wore all well-to-do we were north country people, and very rough. We lived at GrimBby, you know — Groat Grimsby. My grandfather was one of the magnates of Great Grimsby. Grandad had been a wealthy man once ; but if he had never had a penny ho would havo been one !of the magnates, for he was tho very biggest man in all tho town. When ho was 30 he waa 0ft. 4in., and 514in. round the chest. Grandfather was, as I have said, a mag nate. He was quite a poor man— he had only an annuity of £200 a year left ; but ho was a magnate all the same, and he used to strido about Grimsby as upright as a dart, with his long while bair and long white beard and broad-brimmed hat, looking everybody straight in tho fuce, like the honest man .that he was. I remember ono day, as I trotted along at his side, that I said to him, " Why does everybody touch their hats to you, granddad ? All the dooki ard people and even the policemen do it." "I don't know, I'm sure, 'Jacky," my grand father replied; "but it's very respectful of them." : . My Uncle Frod was an adventurer in the itivitiiimiiv uviigU|Ut vuu < \- 'Uv »UO Vwiji ''nearly .as big as my grandfather, and he was the strongest man in Grimsby, : Ho wasn't a bully — not a bit of. it — liut people who didn't treat him with proper respect he used to throw through windows and that sort of thing ; , not open windows, but closed ones, which makes all the differ ence. If lie had lived in tho previous century Unole Fred .would . have been a buccaneer to a certainty. He had a tre mendous voice and. iv thick black beard both of which inspired awe. He'd have made a capital buccaneer ; but buccaneering days were over, and Uncle, Fred was simply a naiitioal' adventurer, returning' home at very irregular intervals after long absences, generally- with empty pockets. When William -'Weston' 'married my Aunt- Maria Uncle Fred Was present, "and ho made a 'dreadful speech,' These were his words : — ' " Look you here. Bill: Weston," he said, " you'd bettor mind your P's' and Q's, my chap ! for if.yoli don't do tho right .thing by, little Maria, and I treat her well, I'tn bound to hoar of.it, and if I - do. I'll come back and break every bone in your body, big: as you are. Let's shake bands over it, Bill Weston.". And then the two did shake hands over it in the most amicable mannor. A strange thing to happen at a wedding breakfast, " you 11 say, but we were very rough and very honest in Great Grimsby 30 years ago. And then Unole Fred sailed for South America, and nobody oyer saw him again,' except my Unole Weston, and the circumstances undgr which my Uncle Weston did see bini were so extraordinary that 1 can't do better -than tell you how my two uncles— the one by blood, the other by marriage — met 15 years, after my Uncle William's wedding, long after the supposed deaen.se of my Uncie'Fred. I was four-and-twenty. I wasn't nearly so big as , my , grandfather, nor even ' as Uncle Fred, and my Uncle William Weston vvaa taller than I was by a couple' of inches, but I was a powerful young , fellow at that time, an awkward customer to taokle, and I was very fond of Aunt Maria,' who liad been uncom monly kind to me. If takes a long time to drink £15,000, but my Aunt Maria's husband had very nearly, accomplished that feat. A select, party of smack owners, master shipwrights, dock officials and others used to meet m the par lor of the Goorge Inn every night except Sunday, under tho presidency of . Rattling Bill Weston, as he was called. It was in the parlor of the George that my unole got rid : of most, of his £15,000 ; ho drank it away, and he muddled it away, but he never gave any of it away— he wasn't that sort of man. , - v For the last five years of his life my uncle was in the habit of staggering home from the George at midnight, and then he used to beat my Aunt Maria and retire to rest. My, Aunt Maria never complained ; we Clementsos weren't a complaining sort. Au'rit Maria would have bitten her tongue out rather than divulge a word of the brutality of her husband. She didn't shriek or scream— she took her nightly beating without a word ; but whon it was over, from her sitting position upon the floor she would sob out to my brute of an uncle this invariable speoch "It's thy day now, Bill Weston, but when my brothor Fred comes baok he'll dust thy jaokot." And after this vaticination she would kneel' down and say her prayers like a pious woman. I arrived in Grimsby one nigiit from a week's oruise in the Lively Snlly off the Dogger Bnnk. Tho smack Lively Sally be longed to my grandfather, and I had taken a trip for pleasure. It was raining cats and dogs as I walked up from the quay towards home. I'd got on a big pea-jaoket, looso oiloloth ovarulls, fishing boots und a great fur cap witli flaps. Now, to reach my father's house, 1 had to pass through Jamaica-Bquare, at the corner of which was situated the house of my uncle, William Weston. xno nrst-uoor wmaows or my uncle's house wore brilliantly illuminated. As I crossed tho square I could hear the sound of blows and a heavy fall ; my uncle was evidently enjoying himself in his accustomed mannor. Suddonly I hoard him shout in furious tones, in tho voice of a man who is mad drunk: "If thy brother Fred wants to seo thee alive, he'd better oome back this living night ! 'Take thee that, lass ! and that 1 and that ! I'll make short work with thee I" tho voice continued, aud once more I hoard the sound of blows. Then thero was a scream. My unele was evidently engaged in mur dering my aunt. I hammered furiously at the street door, but without result ; the sound of heavy blows and tho soreaming continued. I took a run at the door and flung myself against it with all my foreo ; it flew open, and I hurried ufc tho stairs. I rushed into my uuclo's bedroom ; I saw him strike my aunt down with a short, old- fasliionod brass poker he held iu his hand. Fortunately the blow missed her head, or it must havo killed her.; as it was sho fell back insensible on the hearthrug. 'There was only one bourse open to mo. I rushed upon my unole, who stared at me in astonishment, and hit him between the eyes witli all my might. I snatched the poker from his hand, and com menced to belabor him. " Mercy, mercy !" shrieked my uncle, who didn't attempt to resist. "I'll show you just as much mercy," I shouted, " as you havo shown to hor ; and I used the poker with renewed vigor. My unclu became insensible, aud then it dawned upon mo that I hud killed him. I walked out of the house. I went straight buck to tho Lively Sully; within throo hours, for she had unloaded her iish, wo had started for the Dogger Bank. I made up my mind never to roturn to England. I wasn't an ordinary murdorer, you sec. I was iiext door to a parricide, for I had killed my unole ; and I know perfectly well what tho verdict of a Lincolnshire jury would be in my caso, and I wasn't quito suro that I shouldn't bo accused of brutally assassi nating my Aunt Maria into tho bargain. Sometimes I thought that I would go back to Grimsby, give myself up, and ex piate the crime in tho usual manner ; but consideration for my grandfather prevented that. " Poor old man," I thought, "he'd never got over tho disgrace of it." So I determined not to set my foot in old England again, and that Jack Clements should dis appear for good. We'd boon steadily fishing on tho Batik for a week, when wo wero hailed by tho Bouncing Polly. She was a big yawl, also from Grimsby, and had reached the Dogger that very day ; and her skipper, by means of a long boat-hook, delivered a letter from my grandfather addressed to me. It ran as follows :— " Grimsby. "Dear Jack,— I've got an extraordinary pieeo of news for you. My dear Boy Frod turned up hero three days ago. He arrived just in the uick of time, Jack, and was for tunately able to savo tho life of Aunt Maria; that infornal rascal, your Unele Weston, would have murdered her else. He made a dying confession the noxt morning, but strange to say is now in a fuir way of recovery. I'm a justice of the peace, and I took down his confession, which I kept to myself for the sake ot his family. I enclose a copy. I don't- bclievo that Weston will evor raise a finger to your Aunt Maria again after the lesson he has received from my boy Fred. Maria sends her love and good wishes to you ; and Weston, to use his own words, humbly entreats your generous forgiveness. I feel quite young again ijpw that I know that my dear boy Fred is still in the . land of tho living.— Your affectionate grand father, 'Ralph Clements." An enclosure, my Unole Weston's .confes sion, rati as follows "Being now upon my death-bed, and probably not having iriany hours to live, I desiro' to implore tho forgiveness of my dear wife -Maria 'and her relatives, par ticularly that of- her.f brother Frederick, who bus brought .mo to my present pass, which has come upon- mo entirely through bad company and strong liquors, ; I am ashamed to confess that I was beating my dear wife Marin last night, which is; a bad habit I've acquired oi lata years. I m deeply grateful to my brother-in-law, Frederick Clements, for his timely .arrival and for saving mo from., committing the crime of wilful murder. Just ao I had knocked down my dear and.. long-suffering wife with.a short poker, my dear brother-in- law, Frederick Gluinents, entered the room. 'Though I. was very, much in liquor at the time, I ' recognised him at once. He was much taller than when I last saw liiln, and flames of fire were issuing from his mouth ami eyes. He felled me to the ground at once, ami I felt that the blotv was struck by no mprtal hand ; audi didn't- attempt to .resist one whom I know was a ghostly visitor from another world. - His oilskins, his sea-boots, and his fur cap were wet, and I'm. .quite certain that" my dear brother-in- law lias been drowned at sen. He stopped vomitiug flames of-fire for, an instant to re mark,: "I'll show you just ari much mercy as you've shown her," and then he broke three of my ribs and .laid my head open with the poker ; then with a great flash of brimstone flames he disap peared, and I haven't seen him .since. The Clemen tses . wero always . a true-dealing family, but I never thought that my brothor-in-law Frederick would .have come back from eternal fires to keep his word to me. He has, though, and I forgivo him. I hope he'll have mercy, on. me when I rejoin him, which will be shortly, I suppose." This document was duly ; signed and wit nessed. . . ' I returned to Grimsby. My grandfather seemed to have takeu.a fresh. lease of life. " That fool, Bill ,\Yestou,". he said, thinks it was Fred's ghost ; but we know bettor, don'.t we, Jack?" I was only too. glad to accept my grand father's theory. My uncle Westori took. to religion, joined the Jumpers, and is now an elder. He has never seen Uncle Fred's ghost since. 