HIS FlfiST ATTEMPT. JESSIE LEETE, ur IEE " ARGOSY." (Concluded fi'om our lastA A dozen times in the coarse'of the ZftYOT^? Howard Harrington -£**' ifc would "be quite impossible for him to intrude himself u °n easanee during her brother's absence- nevertheless, at the end of the second day he found himself dis WBsmg a eab at the end of B - etreet, and sauntering past the well Known house, just to glance, with ill acted indifference, at a window where fte i|au for a brief minute seeu her tacef The * bijou residence * looked wel|-kept and trim as ever, but a second glance told him that an ominous uilX iq. a lower window announced the bouse * To be Let Furnished,' and the words "Apply t0 Caretaker within,5 mfqrmed him that the bird-to him of iaraaise-=-was already flown. He had really not meant, to intrude upon her butit was very unpleasant to him to una his sacrifice made a compulsory one and thereby to be deprived of all I Its honor. He was, however, too true a gentleman to make any endeavors to discover the whereabouts of the voung Jady while she was deprived of the protection of her natural guardian, and eo, with an impatient malediction on his own ill-luck, Mr, Harrington departed from the neighborhood of ~ -street, and strove to await with patience the return of the dragon whose very absence was the best pro tection of bis treasure. A^few months later, Howard was one day passing along a busy thorough rare, when his attention was attracted Dy a little funeral procession, which was cautiously making its slow and mournful way among the crowded . I . r WQ oarriages only, and a simple hearse, the second carriage evidently an empty compliment on the part of the doctor or the solicitor ; in the foremost carriage two women, the one m the uniform of a hospital nurae, the other Pleasance Carr, pale, worn, and sadJookmg. Mr. Barrington hailed a passing cab, and instructed the driver to follow the cortege at a respectful distance. Unobserved he stood in the back ground during the short service in the suburban cemetery, and, still, un noticed, followed the mourners on their homeward journey to an old fashioned little cottage in an out-of the-way corner of Old Eensigfon - then, having made sure that this was' indeed her abode, Howard at once withdrew, respecting the sincerity of the girl s evident grief, though unable to guess its cause. But after the lapse of a day or two this inconsistent young man began to' haunt the neighborhood of the quiet cottage, with a persistence which soon brought upon him the suspicious attentions of a local policeman. It ?was not long before his perseverance was well rewarded. He saw Pleasance leave the house alone, and followed her at a Sufficient distance till he saw her sink wearily down upon a seat in llie uiost retired ^ ot Kerls;ngton It was a quiet hour of the day, and they were practically alone. He went up to her, and held out his hand in Dilence, for the commonplace words of greeting which he had carefully pre pared died unuttered on his tongue before the flash of glad surprise which 4ifc^up the girl a pale face. 'I am so glad to see you !* Evidently the words bore far more than the conventional meaning usually attached to them. It was plain that some trouble was weighing heavily upon her, and once again Howard Bar Tington felt that he must, for ihe pre sent, set aside all thoughts of his own Jpopes and fears. 'What is the matter;' he asked gently, as he seated himself beside her. * I am alone in the world, it seems to me. I have heard nothing from my brother for months ; I dared to think what I may next hear of him. My Aunt Christina, whom he sent for from Scotland before he went away, to come and live with me while he was gone died quite suddenly a little while ago' and at this time of year all the few people I know in London are out of town, most of them out of England. I nave gone through such loneliness and anxiety m the last fortnight! But now I have met you, I know you will advise jne for the best.1 Mr. Barrington felta thrill of delight at her simply confessed confidence in Inm, and resolved there and then to Show himself worthy of it. ' Have you no relations or intimate friends to whom you can go ?' he asked impelled by conscience to the question and inwardly praying for a negative answer. ° '. JSfone to whom I care to turn in trouble. We have very few relations and those are distant ones, of whom I know but little. What had I better do? < Marry me to-morrow,' was the reply wh-ch leapt to Howard's lips but the instinct of civilization was stronger than tbe impulse of nature find he refrained. ' 'Tf,e first thing to be done is, be yond doubt, to fay and ascertain your brother's whereabouts. Evidently his letters to you have gone astray.' ' You think, then, there is 210 real fear for his safety F* * Certainly not. What more likely than that a man travelling in so un settled a country as Bolivia should be lost sight of for a few weeks ? I wiN £nd out your brother s agents there, and telegraph to them at once for the' latest news of him.1 Pleasance drew a deep breath of relief. ' I knew you would be able to help me!' she said, looking with frank gratitude at her newly-received friend. Warnings and suspicions vanished from her mind like mist before sun light as she met his eyes, eloquent with honest desire to serve and help her. She had always admitted to herself a possibility that her bro ther might be wrong in bis estimate of Howard Barrington, and now at a bound she rose to independence of thought and action, and gave her affairs into his hands with absolute confidence that he, if anyone, could bring her safely through her trouble. The event justified ber confidence ; loyally and diligently Howard served her from that day forward. But in one respect he could do little for her; j all efforts to trace ber brother proved j futile. In vain every enquiry was j made; the only information to be | gained was that Mr. Carr had been j seen in a town where yellow fever was claiming its scores of victims daily, and the American agents intimated very plainly that they considered any further search would be useless. These tidings, though broken as gently and gradually as love conld break them, were a bitter and endur ing grief to Pleasance, aqd Howard Barrington felt that once again he must set aside selfish hopes and long ings, and content himself as yet with the place he had won in her heart as a tried and trusted friend. But when weeks and months had gone by-* when grief was calm and hope was dead'-he felt the time had come at last to think of trying his fortune onc-e more. There were obvious reasons why things could not go on much longer as they were j among other reasons, that he feared pecuniary difficulties would soon be added to the various complications of Pleasance's position. The absence of any proof of death pre vented any immediate steps being taken with regard to her brother's estate, and Mr. Carr's old and trusted confidential clerk refused absolutely to afford any information as to the position of his affairs, and obstinately adhered to his belief that Alexander Carr would yet return, A considerable sum had been placed to Pleasanee's credit in a London bank before her brother's departure, but it was speedily dwindling away, and she was beginning to wonder whence the next supply would come. And so, all things considered, Howard thought the time had came to speak, and watched his chance and spoke, telling^ her how faithfully he had loved her, in spite of all difficulties and discouragements. ' You know why your brother re fused to give me a chance ?' he asked as he saw her glance fall on her mourning garments. Pleasance bowed her head in silence. ' I had been very foolish ; I had talked lightly and thoughtlessly of things I knew nothing about, Half what I used to say about marrying for momey was said in joke, half in ignor ance, but he took it all for sober earnest, and I can't wonder he thought me unworthy to address you. But even he would do me justice now, were he here.' He stopped abruptly, for he had never yet dared to ask Pleasance if she knew of her altered position, but he had gone too far to draw back ; Pleasance was looking at him with enquiry in his eyes. 'Did your brother say anything to you about money matters before he left?' ' Very little. He told me he had had some heavy losses, and was going out to see what he could rescue; that was all.' Then Howard told her what he had learned from her brother's lips as to the state of his affairs, softening all he could, but putting the facts clearly before her. Pleasance looked grave, but not terrified. ' Then I am no longer a heiress ?' she said, softly, and instead of pallor, a soft, rosy flush crept into her cheeks. .. ' Thank heaven, no. I don't think even my love for you could have made me able to bear the stigma of a fortune, hunter when once I had felt the sting of the reproach. But noy it will be in no man's power to cast that in my teeth. There may be some little remnant of your brother's fortune left, who knows ?-but you will believe me now, perhaps, when T tell you that I neither know nor care.1 'I do believe you.' It was a very soft whisper, but not too low for a lover's ear. ' And you can be content to be the wife of a comparatively poor man ? You cau do without many of the things you have been used to all your life ? You will take my love instead of all the luxuries and pleasures which a richer man would give you ?' * What more does a woma?i want than the love of the man-she loves?' Pleasance had lifted her eyes bravely as she began her answer, but they fell again before its whispered end mtt the ear bent down to catch the trembling words. Two month* later she walked quietly to a neighboring church with her lover, to leave it half an hour afterwards as his wife. After all, Howard Barring ton was a man of determination and resources. ' A gentleman to see you, sir. The office-boy's voice trembled with suppressed excitement, and his eyes were opened to an alarming extent. * W ho is it ?' Mr. Barrington was busy, and spoke shortly. ' Please sir-it's a gentleman,' * Ask his name.9 | ' Please, sir, I know it! Don't be I frightened, sir, it's only Mr. Alexander Car-or a ghost I' ' Idiot! Get out of my way.' The next moment Howard was grasp ing the hand of a gaunt and bearded stranger, very unlikethe trim, scrupu lously-attired visitor of a year ear'ier ' So old Stevens was right, after all ? He always said you'd turn up again yet.* 'It was scarcely an effusive greet ing, but the hand-grasp told a truer tale. Mr. Carr smiled grimly. ' Old Stevens knows me well; he knew I should take a deal of killing. But I've been very near to death,' he added more gravely. 'First laid up with fever for months, in an out-of-the-way hole you never heard of; then knocked on the head by a falling beam in an earthquake shock. I don't think South America stands much chance o) welcoming me back as a resident!' < Why did you not telegraph to us when you returned to civilisation ?' asked Howard, not natural] v. ' I forgot all about it in the bustle of getting aboard a sailing-vessel which was just leaving the little port where I at last found myself; and after we got in-well, I thought 1 should rather like to take you all by surprise.' * Do you know * Howard stopped short. It seemed slightly awkward to ask a man if he knew that you had married his sister. ' I know all about it. I went to find her at the cottage I had tafeten for her before I left England, and there got her address. I've been down to Wimbledon this morning and seen her. What did you marry her for?* The question was abruptly, but not unkindly, put. ' Love. * *So she says. Well, I can't under, stand it. Over, and over again you asserted positively that you meant to marry for money, and then you marry a girl who has barely enough settled upon her to buy her frocks and bonnets 1' ' I'd rather have her without a penny than the greatest heiress in all England or America either." ' Then what made you talk such a lot of confounded rubbish, I want to know ? How was I to know you meant it all to be taken by rule of contrary? A man should say what he means, sir!' Howard Barrington bowed his head to the sudden storm in prudent silence. And I thought T had made all safe before I left her! I felt convinced that after what I told you," you would be choked off with a vengeance. Didn't you believe me, sir?' Mr. Carr was deliberately trying to work himself into a passion, but with poor success. ' Certainly I believed you. Were you lying ?' The coolness of the question gave the delinquent the upper hand at once. The brown and bearded face of the elder man took a deeper shade of color. ' No-that is, not exactly.' ' I am glad to hear it was not exactly lying 5 a man should always say what he means.' Howard's face was impenetrably solemn, but the twinkle in his eye could not be suppressed. It met an answering gleam in that of his bro ther-in-law, and without further pre amble the two men burst into a laugh loud and long. Then, by common consent, they again shook handB. * It was a good idea, a capital plan,' said Alexander Carr regretfully, as he wiped his eyes, 'but it went wrong somewhere.' ' Then you really .' ' I really had had some very serious losses, but I can't deny that I showed you the blackest possible side of the matter. And as to that settlement, well, it was my first and last attempt at diplomacy. I knew I must be a long time absent, and I thought you a very clever and unscrupulous young fellow, and I said to myself, 'All's fair in love and war.' So I had that settlement draw up just to give color to what I have told you. You see I couldn't endure the thought of my little pleasance being snapped up for her money's sake, and every woman is a fool where matrimony is concerned ' And so you took the very course ! which gave her to me. In spite of all I used to say, Miss Carr the heiress I would have been quite safe from me I in her guardian's absence ; but I had no such scruples to overcome about the girl whose settlement I knew « would scarcely buy her gowns and bonnets'' * Well, well; say no more about it! I suppose nature did not cut me out for a diplomat. At any rate, she iB haPPy» and you say you are happy, so I must perforce be happy, too. Now, put up those papers and come back with me to Wimbledon; to-morrow we ll have a new settlement drawn up to a very different tune. Fate is too strong for you, you see; you've married your heiress after all!' 