{Copyright.) SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. By an M.D. of " Under a Spell," ™ Victoria Orou ▼•lour," " Science and Sin," " In Lore with a t Oh oft," - Condemned to Death," Ac., Ice, CHAPTER XIIT. A CLOSPWB -SKT. feW^U.ciSy, tny boy, how goes it with ttiee?"«x "tiaimed Bochester, bursting into my room one hfight, frosty morning in the middle of Januar ''The same as usual," I replied, grasping my friend's band. "Of course, you cannot expect roe to be very brilliant whilst I have to remain a p.i.nnw within these four walls, and whilst I am forbidden to send even an anonymous note to Ethel assuring her of my safety and well-being. ^ "Have patience for another two or three dayB, answered Bochester. "To let your uncle get hold of you now, might ruin my game, for, remember, your certificate, if genuine, can be used as a lega instrument against you at any time within two Wis from its date. If tire document rs W* * forgery, I should be powerless to prevent your roarie from consigning yon to durance vile, should us unable to restrain the question I had been longing to ask directly Bochester entered the room. "Much better. She has been steadily improving under my hopeful treatment and I can assure yon t&At; you would be quite jealous if you could see how she seeks my society and how he* cheeks become wreathed in smiles the moment she catches eight of nr figure in the ballroom. She credits me with being at the bottom of your disappearance, but wisely forbears to ask too many questions,being a sensible little girl, and guessing that much may depend upon your secret being carefully preserved. "Dear, dear Ethel " '"Come, spare me your lover's rhapsodies," inter rupted Rochester laughing. "I am as hungry as at hunter, and can think of nothing else now but breakfast. Then I must be off to the haw CourtB, and in the afternoon I have appointments with the wo medical gentlemen who are supposed to have Signed your certificate of ><«« compos mentis.'' Rochester, the ever busy, did not waste half-an hour over Ins meal. With a cheery exhortation to keep my spirits up, lie donned his wig and gown, bustled down the narrow oaken staircase, and mingled with the hurrying crowd of lawyers in the square of the Inn. Left to solitude, my thoughts naturally reverted to the position in which I now found myself. That it was at last about to assume a brighter aspect, I could not doubt, in face of my friend's solemn assurances. His acumen liad placed me under the deepest obligations, and I shuddered to think of what would have been my fate had not a chance conversation wftli Ethel interested bint in me. How well he redeemed his promise to her that be would not leave a stone unturned to effect My cure! On the second day after meeting her, lie called upon me under an assumed name. I have no recollection of any-of the subjects we discussed, but one thing he said fixed itself indelibly on my brain. It was to the effect that at 3 o'clock the following morning I was to leave my uncle's house and proceed straight to his chambers in Lincoln's Inn. Unconsciouslv, automatically, I obeyed this command to the letter ; then followed three weeks of complete insensibility,and then came the awakening, when I found myself once more a sane being, with an intellect as bright as it liad ever been. The nefarious schemes adopted by my uncle fo» the purpose of converting my property to his own use, at last became patent to me. According to Rochester, the wietched man's second attempt was more sinister than the first, for, from the method of the administration of the drug, it was evident he bad made up his mind not only to stifle my reason but to make away with my life. It was not without a hard struggle that I became convinced of Adam Gray's guilt. Minn Rochester first hinted at such a possibility, I indignantly refused to listen, and it was only when he pithily remarked that a man without a penny-piece in the world, who lived at the rate of two tiiousand a year, fnust be robbing somebody, tint I paused to con aider the source from which he drew so much. And. there were the curious coincidences which I could not explain away, that on the two occasions I had absented myself from my uncle's roof for more than a week, I had recovered my physical mid mental health. Thus, the slow bouts of the morning rolled wearily away as I sadly pondered over the hideous crimes which love of money prompted men to commit. . , , I was released from an intolerable anguish, the offspring of my sombre reveries, by the eutrauce of Rochester's clerk with luncheon. He was as well posted up in my affairs as his master, and his few cheery words in reference to my rapidly approach ing freedom, coupled with a pint of excellent claret, liad the effect of clearing my mental atmosphere and making me look upon the brighter side of existence. But from these pleasant dreams I was 1 auddenly startled by the irascible tones peculiar to Adam Gray! With a gesture of alarm, I sprang from my "seat, and, advanced to the half-opened door; the first words I overheard proved that my implacable uncle liad tracked me to my hiding place! "Prevarication is useless," he said to the clerk in sharp, angry accents. "If I meet with any urther obstruction, I will prosecute you Mid your master with the utmsst rigour." _ « You shall not enter these chambers unless you produce a warrant authorising you to act as you propose. You might be a thief for what I know," answered the clerk aggravatingly. As if in reply, I heard my uncle's voice calling to someone in tire passage, and then the sound of men's footsteps echoed in the outer office. "These two warders have been sent from Dr. Sillcott's asylum for the purpose of conveying my nephew there. They have therefore the necessary documents empowering them t o take him." What could I do to escape an ignominious capture? With something akin to terror, I ran to the adjoin ing chamber, which served as my bedroom, gently closed the door and. locked it. From this room there was no exit, except through the window which was about thirty feet from the ground. With something between a curse and a groan, I realised the impossibility of escape; but when I felt I was caught like a rat in a trap I threw off the mad feeliug of terror and determined to emulate the ferocity of a wild animal brought, to bay. If the Jaw was so thoroughly resolved to treat me as a lunatic, then I would give it seme sliow of reason Cor its shameful . , Presently, the iroal of men's lent in uext . . room warned me that the clerk bad made -his -sub mission to a disgraceful legal conspiracy ; then the :door of roy room was tried, followed by the exclama tion, " He is iu there!" ■ * "I advise you to keep out," I shouted. "Anyous who enters this room uninvited will receive th» contents of my revolver." f did not make this remark out of mere bravado, but simply to gain time, for I had just noticed two large packing cases heavily corded, and I hoped that 1 might yet make use of the window through their instrumentality. Whilst I was busily em ployed iu undoing the knots, and splicing the ropes together, I kept my uncle and his men amused by an animated parley, wherein I pathetically begged for kind treatment if 1 surrendered myself. In the midst of this deceptive conversation, I com pleted my rope, and found to my horror that it was no longer than twelve feet, thus leaving me a drop of about eighteen feet on to the stone flags. But after all, it was not anything to be afraid oi, so I quietly wheeled tny small iron bedstead to the window, fastened the rope to one of its posts, and then addressed myself to Adam Gray, asserting my ! readiness to surrender if he would grant me five minutes to get out of my tweed suit into a proper , afternoon costume. He assented cheerfully, and directlvhe finished speaking, I placed my foot on the window-sill and commenced my downward flight towards liberty. So intense was my eager ncss to get to the end of the journey, tliat I forgot the length of my rope, and finished the last eighteen feet so quickly, that I fell in an indescribable heap onto tiie stone pavement. A severe twinge el pain betokened that I had either sprained or dislo cated my ankle. I limped slowly and painfully up •opie stone steps, yassyd through the gateway intt Lincoln's Tnn Fields, Jumped into a mnsoiti, and drove off rapidly towards Holborn. As the fervast •f delight at wy lucky evasion of captivity wore off, a wild, revengeful feeling took possesion of me, urging me to adopt some means for turning the tables on the man who, under the guise of affection, had treated me so cruelly. The demon goddess whispered in my ear so persistently, and formu lated for me such a daring plan of action, that I resolved to cany out her dictates. 2 dismissed iny cab at an ironmonger's, entered the shop, and purchased , some tools; then, having ascertained that 1 possessed a latchkey of the Bayswater house, called another cab, and drove at the topmost speed which can lie got out of a worn out horse, to my uncle's domicile! Tliree-quarters rf^an hour bad clapsod from the time I had bemoled Adam Gray with an appearance of sub mission until Mow, when I stood on his doorstep. I hoped that his very anxiety to effect my capture would keep him too well employed to allow him to return home before some considerable time had passed by, thus giving an ample opportunity for carrying out my bold but nefarious scheme. Witkoitf any hesitation, I opened the door and went in. Contrary to expectation, 1 came face, to face with Spriggs, the housekeeper, who, unfortu nately happened to be in the hall at the moment. M'ith well-feigned deliglit, I took her hand and tion to reason. The dear old creature expressed her surprise at seeing me look so well, and then informed me that my uncle would not be in to dinner, for another hour and a-half. This was good news, and 1 told her that I would take a cup of tea in the library and there await Mr. Gray's arrival. Utterly unsuspicious of my intentions, Spriggs bustled about, and very shortly brought some delicious Pekoe; then at last slic closed the door upon me and left me to my devices. The moment I felt safe from interruption, I softly turned the key in the lock, and went towards an old oak bureau, where I knew iny uncle kept many of his papers. The tools I bad bought at the ironmonger's now proved their temper as I ruthlessly hammered and chiselled away until the interior of the cabinet lay open before ine. With eager haste, I turned over packet after packet of documents, until I came across some in the faded handwriting of my father. These 1 secured, and a further search was rewarded by the discover}' of his diary. With breathless interest, I scanned page after page,-until with a flash of excitement, I came across passages which detailed his adventure with the worshippers of Bhimatra, and which gave, with careful minute ness, the mode of preparation of their horrible poison. Another paper, in iny uncle's hand Writing, fell from the diary as I was reading, and a glance at its contents gave me the address of the chief priest of Bliimatra and the clue to the means whereby a frcsli stock of the drug could always be obtained by any of the brotherhood. A triumphant note by Adam Gray to the effect that he had pcr | collated his brother in order to obtain a drug which could manifest its action by giving acute ! pleasure and by causing prolonged mania and sudden death, dissipated any lingering doubt I may | have had as to his being potentially a murderer. In my wild desire for more evidence, I broke open and ransacked everything in the room, and came across a small casket containing several narcotic smelling substances. Time was flying fast, and as I was not anxious, to be surprised in the midst of this burglary, I collected all the papers I possibly could into a small handbag, restored The room to some semblance of order, and then stealthily crept to tiie hall door. Hie moment I found myself in the street, 1 fled tike a guilty tiling front the scene of my crime. A short time in the open air ccoled tie- fever which oppressed me, and soberer thoughts usurped the place of the frenzied hate which had prompttd me to do actions which 1 now began to regard with horror'. Could J, Gerald Gray, over hold up iny head again amongst honourable men, after having committed a low and dastardly crime? Whilst I was thus seriously at war with myself, the increasing pain at my ankle forced rue to call a liansom. I got in and sat for a moment in blissful relief at being able to rest my foot, when the driver raised the trap and asked '•Where to, sir? " For the moment I was nonplussed, for I knew that no friend's house would be a safe shelter from the colossal iniquity which was pursuing me. My heart answered for me by saying "No. 16,Moreland square," although mv n awu told me that this was one of the houses wher: inquiries would be the most stringent. Nevertheless, I permitted the driver to take me there and as the cab turned from one familiar street to another, I murmured to myself tiiat I cared not wliat might happen provided I could clasp Ethel once more to my starved and hungry heart. All, the rapture of that meeting! The tearful joy of sweet Ethel at seeing me strong and well, amply repaid me for the fearful miseries I liad undergone, aud as I clasped her tightly,for fear that adverse fate might again separate us, 1 told lier my talc, and shuddered as 1 related the burglary! And she, blight little angel that she is, laughed my scruples to scorn, and said i hat I ]iad shewn marvellous conimonsensc and daring in having secured such valuable evidence against inv enemy, "It is providential that you did not arrive five minutes earlier," she added, "for you would have falh-u into the clutches of your uncle. He insisted upon a systematic search of the house, and carried it out upon a most thorough scale'. Then no sooner liad the snake departed Hum the dove arrived!" "Ah, darling!" I replied, "through all my misfor tunes, heaven lias always granted roe a loophole of escape. Only one tiling remains to be done before I claim you as my life's reward, and lliat is to settle this wretched business with my uncle, and this shall lie accomplished before another day passes. I think, therefore, that Bociiester ought to be sent for immediately," "But lie will be afraid to come," objected Ethel. "He is shrewd enough to guess that his every movement will be watched." I want to a fable, and wrote rapidly. -Listen to this," I said, "and I think you will agree with me tliat llochester will come at once." This is what 1 wrote: "I am safe under Brandon's roof. Coine to me and fear not, for I called, tn roittt, at Adam Gray's, and abstracted every piece iff ctm tirtion 1 could lay my hands on. Having drawn tlic tiger's claws, I have nothing further to fear—in fact, I have turned the tables on him with a vengeance!" Ethel's dear little mouth pouted for a moment in reflection. Then she burst into a merry laugh, and exclaimed, - You are quite right; you have nothing further to fear. 1 will send your note off at once." In less titan two hours Rochester uiadn. his cppearancc, and immediately set to work to cxaaiea the papers I liad purloined. As tills process nxjuirvd silence, Ethel and ! mired to the. further mid of die room, and sat whispering the same loving words to each other,which probably were uttered by lovers in the earliest ages oi the world, and will continue to be spoken as long as lmma'n lile exists on tills planet.. All, mystic Love! so oil and yet so new! thou canst beautify the commonest Olay, and illu mine for a moment even tie.' child of the gutter ■ with a divine radiance! ] At las'., as the hours were creeping towards mid j night. Rochester threw- down his ]-r! i ami exhibited a letter, which we ali considered a masterpiece of Machiavellian argument. "If tins meets with your approbation, I will send ii by my clerk the first thing to-morrow warning," said Rochester. "Send it," I answered. "It is such a sweeping txposi of his conduct, that it is bound to turn him into a miserable suppliant." 1 walked bade with my friend at a vciy late hour to his chambers, and retook possession of my roonh with a feeling of elation I could hardly have con ceived possible a day ago. 1 did not' linger long over breakfast the next morning, for I was all im patience for Ethel's society; but hardly liad I settled myself comfortably by her side, when 1 was dis turbed by the announcement that my uncle's - housekeeper wished'to speak to me. v Mrs. Spriggs entered with trepidation visibly marked ou her f tee, and begged'oie to go at once to my uncle, who tied a paralytic seizure. For a moment, 1 feared tliat this might ire a ruse to entrap me, but the reai anxiety depicted on ■iprigg s honest countenance couviticid no- that something serious liad happened, and 1, therefore, determined to accompany her back, as we drove j rapi.dly along, leathered from l.cr observations that flontiilM dap , flw® - 4a»ra Gray bad received a letter that morning Whilst at breakfast which seemed to upset him dreadfully After reading it, he paced savagely up and down the room and dually bumfideff to th® library, where he began writing some letters. For about half an hour Mrs, Spriggs lost sight of him, hut having occasion to ask some question re lating to household a flairs, she went to the library door, and after knocking several .times and weaving no answer, went in, ■'Then she saw my undo Led lied in a heap upon the floor and breathing tiertorously. She at once divined what had happened, and immediately sent for a doctor, who, on his arrival, told her to summon the relatives. When I entered the room where Adam Gray was [ying on a sofa,I was shocked at the terrible altera tion in his appearance, large, staring eyes, with snormously dilated pupils, mouth drawn down hi one side, purple cheeks, and slow, laborious treadling, told me at the first glance that his servous system had broken down under the influence of some violent shock of emotion—aod this shock, I guessed, was produced by Rochester's letter. After making a few inquiries of the doctor, I turned away from the mournful eight, and seated myself in my uncle's chair by the table. Here my ■ eyes fell on :.s ■ half-finished letter addressed to me, I took it up and ■' wad it atten Bveiv. «» —- .a^-riieiouot giillt'V '' "Tou may probably recollect," it Said, ""that shortly before you left school, 1 was reduced to poverty. I had always lived in such affluence that the bare idea of a miserable stucco villa and one maid-of-al 1-work was intolerable, so intolerable that for same weeks I meditated suicide. It was at this time that 1 remembered I possessed a curious drug which had once belonged to your' fattier,who had acquainted me with its various pro" perries. Like an opium- eater, I seized upon it as a precious pain anniliilator, a perfect' pleasure- giver, and I continued its use for some weeks, until the thought flashed through me that I was administer ing it to the wrong person. I knew that a larger dose was capable of simulating the symptoms of madness. Wry should 1 not, therefore, confuse your intellect by its aid, and thus become the manager of your property, and accountable to no one ? Believe me, Gerald, that, at that time, I meant you no bodily harm, and bad you not escaped to France, I should " Here the confession suddenly ended, with a blut of ink, as if the pen had slipped from the writer'/' hand when the paralysis overtook him without single premonitory sign. After a fortnight's complete insensibility, ha rallied back from the portals of death - with a mind reduced to imbecility and a body paralysed into an inert helpless mass; all Ills schemes for living luxuriously had come to an 'untimely end, and he lay now in one room, bedridden, neither enjoying nor requiring those tilings, for the possession of which he had staked bis health and honour. As I looked with pitying eye upon this wreck of humanity, brought to this sad pass try his evil passions, I freely forgave him for the miseries lie had made me endure, and charitably endeavoured to convince myse-i that his mind had given way at the time he ! found himself a ruined man. Not very long after these events, my repeated solicitations for an early marriage were successful, sad on a lovely spring day, with the heavens un flecked by a single cloud, Ethel placed her hand in mine and repeated those mystic words which made us one in future joys and sorrows, hopes and fears. "Happy the bride oa whom the sun shines," exclaimed Rochester, as he shut us in the carriage which was to convey us en route for the South of France. Then, pressing my hand warmly, he added, "Your life has, for a space, been one of dis appointment and overwhelming gloom. But Provi dence has now given you a companion who has the gift of rolling back any hideous clouds which may attempt to assail your happiness. Take this bright, cloudless, sunny day as the type of a promise that henceforth your path in life will be strewn with roses, if you cherish the noble girl whose heart lias never wavered in its allegiance to you throughout the stormiest portions of your career." Ethel's eyes titled with tears at the parting words of our friend. But the Continental express will not wait for anyone—even for two wedded, happy lovers—so the carriage drove off, and I was at last alone with Ethel, and free to keep on calling her "wife" as being the sweetest and most endearing term in the English language. Before closing this history of a chequered exist ence, terminating in unhoped for happiness, my dear wife thinks that 1 ought to make it known Uiat Rochester gave such information to the Indian Government concerning the practices of the worthla yers of Bhimatra, that immediate steps were taken to eradicate these pests to society. The curious phy siological and psychological effects of the poison are now being studied by a committee of learned experts who hold out hopes of adding it to the Phar macopoeia as one of the most valuable remedies dis covered this century. I cannot lay down my pen without adverting to an unexpected rencontre 1 had only a few dayB ago. Ethel and I were at the Royal Academy, deeply immersed in the beauties of a lovely painting representing a rural scene in Surrey, when a mascu line voice by my side exclaimed,"Surely your name is Gray?" 1 stared at the questioner rrlihout recognition, when he jogged my memory by saying, "I am ! Jarvis, you know; Jarvis Major of the fourth form!" Thou recollection returned I seized his hand with ! avidity and wrung it warmly, exclaiming, "I ought • to Jiavc recognised you at once, but tire change from ] boyhood to manhood, with its heavy moustache, is puzzling when one lias not met in the meantime." ; Then I int roduced him to Ethel, and he, on his J part, Ivecame anxious to present us to his wife, j wlio was resting at the further end of die room. | He Jed us up to a singularly graceful woman, - I whose head, for die moment, was turned away ' from me. At the sound of her husband's voice, 'she glanced round,and then, with a wild tumultuous i beating of the heart, I rivognised the bewitching j features of fulic do Savignv. Pressed richly but j quietly, she looked more beautiful than ever, and II gazed with a species of fascination on | "Tiie witchery of eyes, the grace that tips I _ Hie inexpressible douceur of lips," I until I was aroused by hearing myself being pre jseuted to her. j Not a qui ver of a muscle, or ar unsteady gleam I from her lustrous eyes, betrayed die fact that she | had ever met Ethel or me before; she received ua [ as friends of her husband, and endorsed his 'invitation to dinner with a well-bred politeness containing the least suspicion of indifference. Ethel declined aito invitation on the plea of a previous engagement, and when we had taken leave of them, i applauded her promptitude in refusing to accept the hospitality of a woman whose un scrupulous behaviour liad nearly made shipwreck of my lif-s . We left London the next, day, and. up to the present,' have seen nothing more of Mrs. Jarvis. alt Jinny h I' hear that her husband is a Parliamentary candidate for a vacant borough Her ambition lias already driven him into the restless sea of politics, and will, no doubt, in time raise him to the pinnacle of Fa m l ! liavc every reason to be deeply grateful that I was not forced by a perverse fate into this beautiful Syren's anils. Whilst she will be urging jioor Jarvis into a stormy career which may or may not earn him a little bri,-f popularity, my Ethel will be gently leadiug 1110 - into those more practical ways of peace and charity jrlucli bring a few gleams of eunsliine to tnany a harassed household and which have already begun to teach uic that "it is more blessed to give llian to receive." Let cadi man go to his own place! Whether it. te east amidst darkness and sordid poverty^ the pomp and circumstance of him never lose sight of the fac Providence over all. Emergin a th ns.t pall of blackyjdaCTdgtoljie serene bright' jicss of a cioudiessffiCy, ! should h<' guilty of grossest ingratitude if I failedto acknowledge n,_— ly sharpest trials iiave boon a provuh ni ial fdm j. ion resulting in niirm f.iitli in the Almighty Rulcr if our destinies, and in a suprenn. happiness which .11,tree my earthly h cue a paradise. JTiu Er-D.j 