DETONPOTI.T : After a few days of beautiful .spring we lave winter back again. . The rainfall has been very heavy, and farming operations ?? necessarily, retarded. : ? ^. : Mr James Cou'ston, the contractor for the waterworks, has made a start. Sub-tenders have been let for' clearing the track, and Aherne Bros, are hard at it. The East j/ouujiuimeBBryuir will oe me Urst tOgO on with, as the position is drier. ,The con tractor intends using the1 horse-scoop, and will soon make headway. ? The Town Board met on Tuesday, when Mr John Luck Miller took his seat in place of Mr Woods, resigned, who has accepted the position of clerk of the works for water scheme.. An item of interest to the general public is the low price road work is being ; - done for. An instance occurred where some, grading, etc.,was required in Tarleton and Oldaker streets, East Devonport. The overseer's estimate was £2*7, the lowest tender (A: Lamont's) being .£1? odd.^The : notice of motion in Mr T. P. Cowle's'name ? , — ' That the chairman should receive a salary' was lost on' an amendment being propesed by Mr B. D, Stewart, seconded by Mr J. Luck, that the question be postpsned till next year, just previous to the new/ ..,' eieouoa ior memoers. : ' .Tuesday Evening Tt'h'e Literary Society held a meeting in' the Library; Gibliri Hal), : when Mr L: Moore laid before the members ' a scheme for, equalising, the expenditure ana income ? of our finances.. Mr. B C Oldham .occupied the chair. Mr Moore ; propobed to. make , up the deficiency from ; retrenchment.; in salaries, an. increased . excise duty, .increase in charge . of tele grams 50 ;per cent,, wiping out the whole ? or tne, .defence, , vote, and .several -.other - items, rwo amendments were proposed,' ' buW;hat;iof,Mri W. Lovett ..wasrreoeived- i - : ith general favour. He proposed. to^K; take as . .little as possible from the Customs, tax . cigars and cigarettes, retrench to ? some ex.tent, and raise a large part of the deficiency by a pro gressive land tar. The other speakers wore Bevs. A. Hughes and T. Delling, Messrs :H. A. Pratt and M'Fie. The two latter supported Mr Lovett's proposals. Mr Pratt especially referred to the evil of doing away with small holdings, and con verting, the same into abig shepp run, thua dispensing with labour, tie stated that he was an' ardent advocate for annexation to Victoria, thus, as far ns that colony -was concerned, reaping all the advantages of federation — wiping out Governor, both Houses of Parliament, employing only one judge to go on circuit, and sending a certain number of representatives, chosen men, to represent Tasmania in the Victorian Parliament. Bather an amusing incident happened a short time ago, and has only just, come to my knowledge. A, certain gentleman of the broad cloth, who hails from' Latrobe, was entertaining a lawyer and coal mer chant with . a . lot of hearsay evidence re garding the contractor for ^he Devonport Waterworks, and forgetting that ' the tongue is an unruly member,' let his wag away without the slightest .discretion, not deigning to notice even that any other person occupied the carriage. After indulging to his heart's con tent, the other passenger introduced himself to the reverend: gentleman, and advised him to practise a afctlo of the charity he preached. I need not Bay how uncomfortable the' remainder of . the journey waB. ?. . ' Lately wo have had a ghost scare. He has been here, there, and everywhere, frightening men, women, and children. One merchant whilst coming across the Bee road from the Don was terribly dis concerted, and- swears that next time he meets him he will— in fact there is no knowing what he will not do. The police are so scared, that they have to go id company, and as we have only an inspector and constable this side, the ghost has a splendid chance of displaying his ubiquity. On Tuesday evening at East Devonport ' a quarrel arose between Mr fl. A. Davis, late butcher, and Mr R. D. Stewart of Pardoe notoriety. The former gentleman is severely cut about the face, aud had to seek medical aid, -whilst the latter is intact and only lost his hat and umbrella. As the matter is to come before the police court next 'Wednesday (cross summonses being takon out) I will not pre-judge the case. A woman of colour named Black Bella witnessed 'the scene, and, I hear, will furnish important evidence. The s.s. Tambo arrived yesterday, and left again after about one hour's stay for Circular Head. Very little going on. in shipping, season nearly over, although I hear of several parcels of the tuber in tbe Kentish district still in hand. 'Bacon is a decided drug, and unless some outlet is found a lot of the farm-made will realise next to nothing. . I would advise farmers to clear at the first reasonable offer. Eggs are plentiful at 9d per dozen. Fresh butter scarce ; Is 4d wholesale, Is 6d retail. Aug. 25. ' 