EGYPTIAN SKETCHES.—No. V. [By WM. ROBY FLETCHER. M.A.] The story that I am intending to unfold in this chapter and that which is to follow is of unique and surpassing interest. I know of nothing in history that can compete with it for romance. That truth is stranger than fiction is a proverb whose most vivid illustration is in the "Story of the Royal Mummies." In my last chapter I introduced my readers into the midst of the Egyptian people 53 centuries ago. In this sketch I take my stand much nearer to our own day, and ask those who are interested in wedding dry chronology with the more vivid parts of the narrative, to take a leap forward and imagine themselves among the subjects of the Pharaohs of some 20 centuries later. Taking the Bible as our hand book for easy reference, the times of which I now am writing are those years which inter- vened between Joseph and Moses. I do not intend at present to make any further reference to the children of Israel, but as we conjure with the less known names of Thotmes, Hatasou, and Rameses, we may think of the Hebrew settlers in Goshen growing into a mighty community. They have not much to do with politics, but are meanwhile toiling at agriculture, tending their flocks, and working at the tasks which the successive monarchs who wear the double crown have kept putting upon them. I must now ask my readers to come with me some 400 miles up the Nile to the City of Thebes. The ancient capital, Memphis, has meanwhile been eclipsed by a younger and more splendid rival. Many dynasties of Pharaohs have lived and died since Khufu built the Great Pyramid, and Tii constructed his cheerful tomb. The more modern kings have affected a liking for a new site for their seat of government, and have chosen a wide stretch of green land which swells out on both banks of the river, as their abode. Just there the hills rise higher than usual in Egypt, and recede further from the water. They are as barren as ever, but being larger have a grander and wilder aspect than elsewhere. Memphis was on the west bank, but Thebes is to be on the east bank. Thebes, however, was a sort of double city, and the splendid gay city on the east had a splendid but gloomy counter- part on the west. I have before this men- tioned how the Egyptians liked to bury their dead in the land of Amenti, behind which the sun sank every day to his rest. Burying the dead was a marvellous process among those people, and the cemetery of Thebes developed a second city which was as ornate and as gorgeous as the capital itself. The "City of the living" was made more attractive by being face to face with "The City of the dead." THE CITY OF THE LIVING. The city of the living was adorned with some of the grandest buildings the world has ever seen. The ragged villages of Luxor and Karnak are the modern representatives'of this once famous metropolis. These villages are but ordinary specimens of the small towns on the Nile, but the ruins which bear their names are of surpassing interest. Nothing on the face of this world can compare with the Temple of Amen at Karnak for solid grandeur and sublimity. Its central pillared hall is one of the wonders of the world even -in its present condition of utter ruin. The temple at Luxor is not much inferior, and being actually on the very edge of the river bank is not only grand but picturesque. These two temples were originally connected by an avenue of sphinxes, and constituted one vast architectural whole. Around this double temple, which was some two miles in extent, clustered the palaces of the Pharaohs and their nobles, and the dwel- lings of a city which must have contained nearly a million of inhabitants. THE OUT OF THE DEAD. But the city of the dead—the other Thebes —was not much behind it in architectural aspect, and seems to have occupied the thought and care and attention of this singular people far more than the temporary homes of the living. Let me try to set it before you in bare outline, fronting the river were a series of enormous mortuary chapels, which were used as colleges for priests, as university halls for students, and as museums for historic memen- toes. They were used by the Pharaohs as Westminster Abbey is used by England, as a place in which to enshrine the statues and records of the deeds of the dead heroes who lay sleeping in their tombs behind the hills. Four stupendous ruins remain to tell us of the ambition of those kings for pos- thumous fame; one is the Temple of Seti I., which, says Ebers in his novel "Uarda," was probably the college where Moses learned all he knew of the wisdom of the Egyptians. Another was the Ramesseum, built to com- memorate the royal fame of Rameses the Great. Another is called Medinet Habou, and is doubly interesting to us when we see inside its great hall the ruins of an ancient Christian church. The fourth has all vanished except the two celebrated sitting statues of Ameno- phis, one of which used to utter mysterious moanings every time the sun rose, and was called the "Singing Memnon" by the Greek travellers. It is a curious thing to stand by the calf of the leg of one of those statues and see, scribbled on the smooth surface of the royal shin, verses of Greek poetry, and Greek names scratched thereon before the Christian era. Round about these buildings was a vast congeries of human habitations, for it may be easily imagined that an Egyptian cemetery must have given employment to quite an army of workers—stonecutters and sculptors, makers of coffins and shrines, and amulets and charms, embalmers skilled in the processes of making mummies, and decorators ready to adorn the sepulchres of the dead with pictures of the life they had lived, or with wild details of the adventures of the soul in the regions of the dead and the awful assize of Osiris. Behind this living city of the dead came the hills, all honeycombed with tombs. Rows upon rows of graves could be seen even from the other bank of the river, and some of these rock tombs had ornate facades which must have been very conspicuous. Among these is the famous tomb at Deir-et-Bahari, of which I shall have a good deal to say in my next chapter. But we must go further west if we will understand this curious cemetery. Let us climb the rocky slope and cross over the first crest of hills. We shall then find our selves in a deep desolate valley, hot, arid, and cheerless, and this is the famous valley of the tombs of. the kings. I never saw or could have imagined any place on this earth so utterly barren and naked, and as it is now so it must always have been, for the sun here shines pitilessly and rain seldom or never falls. In this valley, which forks like a Y, the Pharaohs of the new Empire have taken a fancy to be buried, and in a neighboring valley they have been placing their queens. TOMB OF SETI I. Pyramids have by this time quite gone out of fashion, and in their place huge rock chambers have come into vogue. These royal tombs are not mere halls, but vast abodes out out of the rock and decorated with funeral pictures. Let us go for instance into the one built for Seti I. The entrance has no sculptures to mark it, for when one of these tombs was finished it was blocked up, and the shingle of the mountain side was allowed to fall over it, and not a trace was left of the fact that a king had been laid to rest there, or had started thence on his journey into the regions of the gods. Inside, however, all was arranged with costly care and skill. Passages are found leading to stair- cases, and then ending in pitfalls set in the path, and sham walls concealing what lay beyond. If we pierce those walls we find that "beyond" consisting of pillared halls, fresh passages and deeper descents, until at last we find that this enormous catacomb has extended 470 ft. into the moun- tain, and has descended 180 ft. from the mouth. Of course all is dark there, and the visitor has to be armed with candles or torches or a mag- nesium lanthorn, but what is to be seen in the dim light will never be forgotten. It is not at all like what we saw in the tomb of Tii. The dead man is no more to be seen in the midst of his family. No sign here of merry-making, or feasting or hunting, or milking cattle or making furniture, or building ships; no bucolic farm- yard scenes, no more damsels bringing presents. We see all around us enormous and fantastic pictures of gods and chimeras, and gorgons, and awful forms such as haunt one in a night- mare. Great serpents drag their interminable length along over walls and ceiling, and when the head is reached it is probably spit- ting venom. Mortal sinners are to be seen pitched into the fires of hell or being de- capitated for their crimes. Everything horrible and creepy and uncanny stares at one like ghosts from the walls of those chambers, and one wonders at the faith that could have inspired, and the taste that could have executed such an endless and crowded panorama of the visions of a diseased and fantastic imagination. The meaning is obscure till we find how all this conduces to a more cheerful end. This is all intended to magnify the victory of the royal soul in the judgment of Osiris. The difficulties of his passage among the regions of the dead are magnified that his final entrance into the peaceful realms of the gods—a justified soul whom no demon can or ever could touch— may be made more conspicuous. The ordeals past, the dead man is absorbed into Osiris and dwells for ever in the impersonal peace of a pantheistic solution of the problems of being. There are many of these tombs in these valleys, and I cannot but think that Isaiah, the Jewish prophet, obtained thence his imagery for that weird and eloquent picture of the royal dead, where he describes the kings all lying in glory, each in his own house, and awaking from their slumbers when they see Nebuchadnezzar coming down among them. I do not hint that the prophet thought that the Babylonian king was buried in the land of the Nile, but in his 14th chapter he uses for poetic drapery what he had heard of the sepulchres of the Pharaohs. The valley contains the tombs of the kings of the Nineteenth Dynasty, but the curious fact has yet to be stated that the kings themselves were never to be found there. All this labor seemed to have been in vain. An empty sarcophagus perhaps may have turned up, but not often even that. These underground sacred palaces when discovered, were tenantless and deserted. This notable and unexpected fact should be carefully borne in mind, for it is the first incident in the "Story of the royal mummies." For years people had been wondering over the fate of those mummies. They were thought to be lost, irrecoverably lost, and no one ever dreamt of finding them, but in archæology, as in other things, the French proverb often proves itself true, "It is the un- expected that happens." TOMB OF RAMESES VI. One of these royal tombs has been destined to a singular fate. It was commenced as the last abode for the mummy of Rameses VI. The entrance passage was being made on a larger scale than usual, but before any very serious work was accomplished or much painting had been done the work was stopped. Perhaps Pharaoh died and wanted his tomb too soon. Perhaps in a fit of disgust he fancied it would not be quite as snug as he liked and began another. Anyway this tomb is about the best known and the best remembered of any in the valley. Amid the rubbish at the mouth are to be found fragments of modern bottles, bearing the romantic names of "Bass" and "Guinness." The ancient Egyptians under- stood how to preserve the delicate little sardines of the Delba in oil, but the tins to be seen there to-day are redolent of fish too freshly stale to deceive any antiquary. The jackals haunt that spot continually in the evening, searching for legs of fowls, and scraps of turkey, and rind of cheese. In fact, it has become the lunching ground of all the tourist parties who visit that inhospitable region. One day it may be a company of Cookites who are there, the next it may be a troupe of Gazites, or as they get called "Gazelles," who gain possession, and on another an independent party. Very grateful indeed was the shadow of that rocky tomb in that weary land as I remember our camping there. We were a large company, and sat on broken stones down each side of the passage tired, hungry, and especially thirsty. Our Arab attendants were busy bustling about. At the mouth was a crowd of eager natives with loincloths bulging out with con- cealed burdens of antiques which they wanted to sell, some forgeries, but mostly undoubtedly genuine, for though a scarab may be manufac- tured it is another thing to make up a mummy's head or a lady's wig of ancient date, or a cat with the proper odor of venerable spicy sanctity. Our dragoman every now and then drives them back, calling them a lying cheating crew, forgetting that he himself was detected a day or two back in an attempt to palm off some scarabs as real which I saw him buy from a native at 5s. per dozen. Lunch over the whole company takes its ease for half an hour, and then our dragoman delivers an oration in queer broken English with a considerable dash of humor in it. "Ladies and gentlemen—It is now time to be off. You have seen the tombs of the kings; you must now come with me to see work of a great queen. I can't show you her tomb, which would not be proper even if I knew where it was, but I will show you her portrait and what she did. She was the sort of woman that no one would like for one of his wives. She would give the man stick instead of the man giving her stick. Are you ready?" "What was her name?" said our American girl who suggested the necessity of getting into a B.C. state of mind. "Her name was Hatasou," which suggested a number of puns which I will not repeat. "She was a queen of the Seventeenth Dynasty, and was brother of Thotmes III. If any of you don't like the climb or are afraid of meeting this terrible lady's ghost, you can go back by the mouth of the valley, and I will send a boy with you, but those who like come with me." So we mounted our asses and climbed in a long file out of that awful glen till we reached the ridge, whence we saw lying before us the whole plain of Thebes with the Nile cutting it in two. At our feet was a very singular temple, utterly unlike all others we had seen, clinging to the sides of the cliff, which is usually known as the temple of Dier-el-Bahari, which is the name of a modern Arabic village near by. A QUEEN-KING. Before, however, we go into it we must en- deavor to put together a few fragments of history. At the time of which I am now writing there were reigning the first kings of the famous Seventeenth Dynasty. The Pharaoh's name is Thotmes I. He has a wife and three children, that is, a daughter named Hatasou, and two boys, both named Thotmes. The father dies, and one of the sons comes to wear the double crown, and is known as Thotmes II. He was a quiet, easy-going sort of man, but his sister was of a very different order. She was the Jezebel or Lady Macbeth of that old time. She became co-regent, as- sumed the royal title, and took the first place in the government. As one looks at the two portraits of the brother and sister side by side the contrast is astonishing—the woman is the man, the man is the woman. Egypt now began to make great strides under this capable woman, and important works were commenced and carried out which remain to this day. I do not know whether or not she cared for her brother, but she dearly loved power, and we are not surprised to find that he soon disap- pears from the scene and the lady is left alone. She then begins to wreak her spite on her poor dead brother,, and tries to blot out his memory by erasing his name from the monuments and putting in either her father's or her own. She now had it all her own way. She added to her titles. She assumed male attire. She had herself called a king, and spoken of as "he" and "him." She is depicted crowned with the tall plumes of Amen Ka. She calls herself "Son of the Sun," "the Good God," "the Lord of the two Lands." The sculptors were doubtless puzzled, and sometimes these masculine and feminine titles were mixed queerly together, and this personage "beloved of Amen" is marked as a lady. She was a great builder, and adorned Egypt with some of the best of the monuments. As we descend into the Temple of Dier-el- Bahari, which this blue-stocking built, we are struck with the sculptured pictures. We see a perfect fleet of ships. On the decks of the ships are piles of sacks, foreign trees in baskets, apes, baboons, dogs, slaves, and leopard skins. In some of the pictures these ships are being laden, and we see at once that the land where they are anchored is not Egypt. It is some remote region where the natives build their huts on piles or in trees, as they do to-day in New Guinea. It is a region where incense trees abound, where spicy breezes blow soft on some unknown isles. The Egyptians are try- ing to bring back the animal and vegetable treasures of that land to their own Nile banks, that they may be naturalised there in the Botanic, or the Zoological Gardens of the City of Thebes. In others of the pictures these ships have come home safely from their voyage to the land of Punt. It must have been a great day of rejoicing when they came back, for a splendid aquatic procession was organised on the Nile. The whole city was moved. The Queen-King was there in state. The wild natives of the land of Punt performed their war dance. A great religious feast was inaugurated, and lest the memory of Queen Hatasou and her expedition down the Red Sea to the mystic land of Punt should be forgotten the whole story was pictured in detail on the walls of the new temple which the queen was having built among the tombs of the Theban Cemetery. It was a thing which she evidently thought she would like to remember after her passage into the land of Amenti. THOTMES THE GREAT. Queen Hatasou had a younger brother whom she suffered to live, and allowed a seat upon her footstool. Younger brothers will not, however, always keep young, and the time came when this tremendous woman had to reckon with him. He had a different spirit from the other brother. He was not to be trifled with. As he grew towards manhood his name appears on the monuments, subordi- nate to his sister's. By-and-bye she disap- pears; how, we know not. He may have deposed her; she may have slept in Osiris in a proper fashion; but at any rate she vanishes, and her brother proceeds to have her name erased from the monuments, and it is simply because his sculptors did this work in too shallow a fashion, that, we can trace his sister's career without much difficulty. He had seven years of joint rule, and then she is no more heard of, and the brother was left to reign alone. Now this man, Thotmes III., was the greatest of all the Pharaohs. He was the conqueror of the world, and carried Egyptian arms far away into Asia beyond the Euphrates. Palestine and all the lands of Syria and Babylon became a series of provinces of the mighty empire which he built up. He extended the power of Egypt also far up the Nile into the Soudan. Nothing could resist his might. He seems also to have been a patron of literature, and like Solomon a man learned in natural history. He was, like his sister, a great builder, and far surpassed any previous Pharaoh in the daring ambition of his architecture. He reigned for 54 years, and died and was buried, and left behind him. a name as the greatest monarch in all the world, the greatest in fact that up to that time the world had ever known in any country or empire. He was buried, but no one knew where, and no one knows where even to this day. He was not placed in the Valley of the Kings —-at least no tomb of his has been un- covered. The great man passed away, but as I shall narrate presently, he now rests in a glass case in the museum at Ghizeh. The great monarch Thotmes III. is one of the heroes of the "Story of the Royal Mummies." This man, Thotmes III., belonged to what is called the Eighteenth Dynasty. He was suc- ceeded by other kings in the proper line, and they were all Pharaohs of a high average. Not long after a furious religious agitation broke out which seems to have been an attempt on the part of an earnest but eccentric kmg to reform the national religion in a healthy and pure fashion. This controversy tore Egypt to pieces. It is interesting to us when we re- member that the Israelites were all this time growing into a proper readiness for the great religious movement under Moses, and that this new Egyptian religion was strongly like Mosaism in its simplicity and purity. However, be this as it may, the old conservative priestly power was up in arms. The more modern cry of the church being in danger was aroused. The priests of Amen, the old Sun God of Thebes, put down, by all the means they could command, the heretic creed of the new Sun God, with his robe of purity and his diadem of beneficent rays. The name of this eccentric Pharaoh was Amenophis IV., or, as he liked to be called, Kuenhaten. His tomb has very recently been fouud at Tel-en-Amarna, but no account of it has been published. The old religion was once more restored, and shortly afterwards the Eighteenth Dynasty passed away, about the 14th century B.C. This chapter of my sketches must be read in conjunction with that which follows, for together they purport to tell the story of the royal mummies. In what I have written I have described the empty tombs and one or two of the personages who ought to have been found in them. There remains yet to be told how the great Pharaohs were hidden away, and how their mortal remains have been dis- covered. 