?Per th. am Hut Uota iMtatuei For th« wronp tlwt dmU rwUtuee Fot Ui» fotn™ lo On dutuue aid tb» goal *h»* we ai do.' TUESDAY. JUNE 14. 1892. CONTBADIOrrONS. Before Parliament meets, the miners of the West Coast Lave a duty before them which, if performed properly, will greatly eimplify the difficulties they now labor under. Few of them are rrmtcnt with the OTovisions and regulations of the different mitring Acts which they have to obey to obtain leases for reefing eilvcr and gold, or rights to work alluvial gold or tin. TJie A.cts clash on the West Coast at all events, and now is the time for those who are affected by them to discuss the points in which they consider the different Acts arc at variance, and to lay before the Secretary of Mines a scheme which he can submit for the consideration of Parliament next session. There are several opposite provisions in the Mineral Lauds Act and the Goidficlds Act which have already caused difficulty in this district in so much that until they are reconciled there is likely to be considerable delay in the develop ment of a very important series of lodes. The rights conferred by the possession of miners' rights are also liable to cause trouble when they are . required to confer rights on ground already leased uiider the Mineral Lands Act, and the resulting disputes are likely to be heard of before long. The question also of working alluvial tin deposits under miners' rights ought also to be raised otice more, as at present the district over which the amending Act gives power to holders of these rights to mine alluvial tin is at present very limited, and dur ing the present depression the extention of tbe area described in the last proclamations would lead to the . prospecting, and probably the working of a large area of deserted tin ground. Finally there is the moot question as to the reasonableness of any distinction being made between gold and mineral leases. The Bischotf Tin Mine has been infinitely more profitable to share holders, aud the country in general, than the Tasmania Gold Mine, yet the former pays 5s per acre, and the latter £1 |-er acre. The qnestion then* arises: Why should the latter pay more rent ? At the same time there is no doubt that the division of the minerals leads to prospecting for gold on . mineral leases, witness Mount Bead, which would not otherwise bo attempted. Tbe whole matter is one worthy of serious consideration, and we. should be glad to hear that the differeut poiuts are being discussed on the Field, with a view to a satisfactory settlement being arrived at To assist in such an object we shall bo glad to open onr corres pondence columns to those who have practical suggestions to make. Unclaimed wine :—i. Blackbourae, I!. Teagas, Arthur ilirriFon. Part VI. of the Oenens Paper is to hand, em bracing lickoeu and infirmity. MrOodiltrd, the snoceufal tenderer (or the new Colrt Home, made « start with the kaild ing reiterdir. We leun that Mr Pillingar has taken Terr prompt action Sa regard to U» hospital qnettion, and bas tucccedoJ, securing £1,250 for the Zeelianltapit&l;^u condition oE tie receipt ot £250 from Zeoban. We hope that eimihrsae ojsses will attend Mr Filliager'* eflbrb is ether direction!. One of the nasllt ot Iho recent rieit et the General Haaager at Gorernment Railways to this Field, ii tat laangnration «t a nefr and more eatiafaotarr train oerrice between Keeban and Vnndu, which aboild nrare a great baoa to the toarellins pnblie. The time table ii already in the hands ot the printer, and Ike new Fernet will come Into operation nhortlr. Wh«t belonga to tbe Goremment belongi to the people. Tbi* Is erlAeatlr tin reetonliur of Uaae who hare ot late f nnhhed thomulree with a quantity ot bricks from the ttacV placed near flrabb'a tfaanr, and Intended (or tin new PostOffic*. The Clerk ot Work', who, as mar be sntmbtd, is not much ediSated by the dwindling of hia beloved building material, kindly ntaesta intending tralHera tibe merrifol ?fid tears eaongh for him to make at least a start.! .^ae^t£#t.ai$pg oieSi*. m the forth «|nintfat^-t^ thal^L footWl team W|U l^^thelaW.^Uawiiela day. a. a enck. forwaH, take, charg* olf the' Bnndaa ton, and an exctling eottest can be looked forward toT 'Orajonet' in (he Befmt,' aara : — ' For many yesraan {die taod, supplied with ooenpa lion by CiU«n Sttan, baa Jittered tie raOwar carriagewaraiag of -' Wait till tfce tnia wtspa 'g to ' Wait till the nin stopa.' If cnoh % practice was carried on on U» West Coast Uata, and the tnnllingiinblicwonldlUen. lo the Trice of |be charmer, they mitnt remain in the carriage for tbe lorm of their batnral lira, A jnry'a definilioa of insanity rout be qaeer according to tie following :— Oharlei Bckenall, of ritilme, Uancbeater, aged t'l, committed Bufcide, («TiD(! a letter behind -bim at&tingthat; *ife wai nb longer w6rtb llring, and adding :— 'Since England has become tbe due thole of Europe, natiro labor mnat find bmptoymtnt for tho worms in a pauper's gran. And (his ii «ar glorious aociil «)-»toml 'Til a ditgraos to Burope.' Yet tlit jury siid he was iniane. Anhdeason Ituon, of. H«bart, o«sbt la be appointed OoTernnmBt Metnnloguit for Tas mania. He beatocren the Qoeeaaland weather prophet, wfao uullysanda ne our Jiorricant. He left Hobart by the Devon on Friday, but baring an exceedingly fine nue for bad weather, the far-seeing der^rmaa cnt his wjuiinUnce with the West (tout 'greybosnl ' at Partridge Island, preferring to run to Hobart in a 6.hiog boat snd a cosy lied to the etormy voyage which was pictured beforehand in hia mind's eye. . Mr M'Carlby and ' those faemaoiint.' —From the report of the' proceeding of the Fharnacy Board of New 6oulh;.Walei wbioh appeared in the Pharmacy Jmnal of Ifta-Smlik Walet, it ajroean the OhairmaBtUift^l bin-»«U thai :— 'If wt rcceivo'bim' (ffi^pUaanVior registra tion), ' ve mna aJmiVjie Tasmiinians and erer/hedyelae.' 'fiiMtrsy'to *DpA of men who ban bailed from a colony whore msdical legislation has boen in adrancs of erer; other colony, not even excepting tbt old oonntry Ueelf, where auch iegisiition naa dialed for o»er CD soars, and where eianinatiom, booeTer deficient, ban. been conducted by the Court of Medloal Euminera einot 16(2. And thia from a eotonr lifco New South Wales, where quackery is rampant, nnd where there is no medical legis lation worth calling ench, where any tinker can call hitncelf 'doctor,' and where even tbt Pharmacy Act is a sham, and men arenjistered who hsTo nerer pissed an examination. T«v manuins can afford to smile at en:b remarka, but should Mr H'Oarlhy or any of his snpportere ercr desire registration bora, he will 6nd there ii only one door through which he can enter, and his capabilitiea will be pnl to the test.— Vhemitl a-ul firvgpirt. In a reosnt issue the JWWdteajs ;— ' Fashion able London medicos hare their bore-belL Ton press it with your foot through Ike carpet_ whereupon the flunkey comesin andstys there .ii a pressing call.' Tlri ia undoubtedly a new id«a ofgotUng rid, in an nmieable way, of tbe bore, who haunts not altns the jutdieal man, but also any other profeulbusL BspeoiaUy the editor of a newspaper stiffen by this plague. Howerer, as hU office is smrcelr onr Otted. with an clecitio be!! and a flookoyie J)«J lo resort toother means to dispose of him. In oar to.d»y'e Hobart wires will be found an item referring to the diicorery of the ekelaton of t human being and an animnt, whioh liaro been sent for identifiotian to the Curator of the Museum. It is added that the house in which they wart found was formerly used ?a a newspaper office. Ursre is little donb; th tt the curator will pronounce the Skeleton of the human being at having belonged to an office bore, who departed this life after taring been dosed with a portion of his own best poems, and was chucked during a murky night into th« cellar, The skelHon of the animal is that of his dog, wh'ch antfed all over the place nnlil it got a vhtlTof the horrors published in one Of the erening papers when it gave up ita ghost in terrible agonies. Por the information of bone merchants, we mtyetate here that there is a large quantity of bones underneath this office besides a fine collection of teet'i. The man with the false tooth and the gold plate is a favorite victim of the printer's derilj who calls this line his ' special picking*.' Cheap fans art apprecletei by everybody, and some will even go so far as to travel 'on the never' whenever a chance is offering. Ench attempts are sometimes acconpanlsd with eucoa «, but sometimes they tleo form a trap for the would bo smart traveller. The following story, which tastes much of the 'never,' comes from Btrahan : Some timeago a Melbourne visitor to tbe Field arrived by the Glenelg, and, as be bad evidently an idea of investing all his cash in tbnres, ht climbed t-n te a track, and, getting under the tarpaulin, wailed patiently for the goods trains departure. Arrived at tbe Big Henty there wae a bit of shunting .indulged in, and presently tbe train moved off, bnt, to the utter disgust of the lorer of cheapness, his tuck had been left behind. A walk of slightly over 10 miles, sore feet and the purchase of a second-class ticket from 8traiiu to Zeebin formed the sequel to this unsuccessful attempt of getting tbe best of thegoneral manager. . f et sometima luck is more favorable to this kind of children. A few days ago a certain Zaekanite longed much for the company of hie canine friend, but us ho did not care to pay several 'bobs,' he decided to bag friend ' Fide' Shortly before the train left— it wasdarkatlhetime-be Ouixed Fido into the bag, but somehow tbe bug lad a hole, and Fido got out. HetriedhisbesttopnthuhaadsaMin, but all the pet names in the wtrld coula'nt induce Ihe dorg to got near hie master p end whila employed thus, the train went ol— No, a friend ot his caught him loat in Urns, and hold ing huanont tightly, w.th tbe bw mend him, 'Fido ' escaped the eagle eye of (he guard. Messrs Backet and Co. have a number of good sautes to let Mr J.Btubbingt invites tenders for building a brick chimney. A sumnmisd meeting et the Oak et Zeehan Lodge, 870, D.A.O.D., will be held to-night at Finn's Hotel. OittoMof the land of tbe Stan and Stripes are requested to meet ntlht ColTee Palace this evening at 8 o'clock. An election will be held on Jnne 21st toela:t amemberontheSlrahan Town Board, vice Mr T. Martin (resigned). i. C. Harris will asU the whole of Messrs Williams Bros.' large and well-assorted atookot groceries and Ironmongery to-day, at 11 a.m. The usual weekly dancing chat will be held at William.' Bali (crtight, fat *.S0, UtQ, Gorier affording' intending meaben every lntom»iioB. ?Meesri rawmu Wliteltfc- *n£ -3o, at «.'« toradtmtoest, Melbourne, twUfytbst Itwyhtrt appofeM IttsanimUelawpaad Cottar, Dm wall knewls'Zesk** ooiuiniasion ageals, thtir repn aentattvifj&r; Ptiots, oils,, oobrs, wamithts, pai»rban|ing«, pfctare monuings, etc. 