THE HAUNTED HOUSE. " Walen, Mai;! .Waken, Mary I Ob, good Christian vomain, wake! Wake and hear those dreadful noises Waken, wife, for. Jesus' sake!" From a tranquil slumber breaking Woke the wife in midnight's gloom, Bat you might hare heard the heating Of her heart o'er all the room. As she paused in deepest silence, Bv her tronbled husband near, For those voices, so mysterions, Which too plainly he could hear. " William, William, why so anxious, Whence the terror of thy breast ? Can the moaning of the night-wind Bob thy weary brain of rest P " Does the ventilator's sighing Give so brave a.soul a shock! Can you startle at the ticking Of our own domestic clock! " Let me turn your pillow, William; That will cool your fevered brain. There, now! Think of gentle Jesus, Calmly go to Bleep again." " Mary, Mary, listen 1 listen! Hear yon not that ghostly moan ? lis no ventilator's sighing; That is not the night-wind's tone! " From the roof stern imprecations Of deep hate appear to fall; I can hear like angry voiceB Cursing at me in the wall. " Do not mock me, dearest Mary, With an infant's lullaby. - There it comes again!—The eotand is like a homeless orphan's cry! " There!—that -was a woman's vailing; I can hear it, plain as plain.;,:. . Why should 1 be thus tormented,? . There it »B—again! again! " Hear them name the poor man's robber; Would, O would that taunting cease! . I am not a robber, Mary— I'm a justice of the peace. " Mary, whom bare I defrauded Thus to groan with taunts and cares? I have taught good Sunday scholars; Night and morn I aay my prayers ; " 1 hare given the poor employment; Don't 1 pay when work is done ? Am 1 not a man of honor ? Whom have I defrauded ?—None 1 Why should 1 he haunted, Maty ? Why should I be charged with crimes ? People know me as a Christian, And I go to church sometimes! " Mary, rise and light the candle, Bring my father's Bible near.; Bead a chapter to me, Mary, That will ease me—oh, my dear." From her downy bed the woman Hose that dark and chilly night, And the ghostly voices silenced With the Bible and-the light. But her husband's eyes were glaring As they seldom glared before, And her husband's face was solemn, For her husband's heart was sore. As she tnraed the pages over, " For the second chapter look," Tremblingly the victim whispered, " Of the "righteous HabBkkuk." Strange it was to see the woman In her night-dress long and white Kneeling o'er an open Bible By the bed that fearful night. " I will stand upon my watch-tower " (Thus the holy scripture ran) ; " I will wait for the appearing Of the Lord and Judge of man." " Write the vision," read the woman, And her huBhand gave good heed ; " Make it plain," the wife continued, " So that those may run who read." Ab the words of hope were uttered Softer far his sighing rose, But his eyes shot fearful glances When she reached the written " woes." " Woe to him who gains and gathers - By an evil heart or eye; Woe to him who wrongs his fellows - Bat to set his nest on hiah. " Even in lrislofty dwelling Shame and sorrow shall be&l; BeamB shall chatter from the timber, Stones shall cry bom out the wall." " Bead no more," exclaimed the husband; " Plainly spealkB the word, I trow. Bead no more! I see the vision, Yes, I plainly see it now! " I have sinned! and thus for ever Haunted will onr dwelling be! Prey to God, my blessed Mary, Pray to God for peace to me!" " I will pray," the woman answered, " I will pray as thon hast bade; Bat ere God will give joa quiet Bestitntion mast be made. " For the curse will rest for ever While those helplesB sufferers moan And poor souls appeal for vengeance From beneath God's altar-stone. " Not by prayer or supplication Will the cnrse of guilt remove ; ZiovingldndnesB only cleanses— Wrong mnst be absolved by love ; And of all the bitter canes Which the' sons of gailt endure - The most bitter sorely follows . The oppressor of the poor." # # # # Thus are many dwellings haunted, And tho' lond men cry for aid Thus alone can peace be gotten, . Thus alone can ghosts be laid. B. Caldwxii. 