CHRIST CHURCH CHANCEL. LAYTXG THE MEMORIAL STOXE. Great interest was manifested in tho cere mony of faying the foundation-stone of the new chancel at Christ Church yesteiday afternoon by His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne. For "some time before the honr arrived for the cere mony to lake place, there was a large gathering not only of the parishioners of Christ Church, but also the adherents of other denominations in 'Castlemaine and outlying places, and also persons who seldom, if ever, attend divine wor ship at all. Particulars have already been pub lished in this journal respecting the chancel, and it fa sufficient now to state that the erection of the building fa being proceeded with very satisfactorily and expeditiously by Mr D. J. Thomson, the contractor. The contract price is L527, and the work fa expected to be finished some time in May. The chancel will prove a valuable and necessary addition to the church, and the Rev E. A. Crawford fa to be congratu lated upon the fact that the improvement is beiog carried out during hfa incumbeucy. The ceremonial proceedings were inaugurated by the choir, with Mr C. Hosier at the cabinet organ, singing the 2 loth hymn, in which the assemblage also joined heartily. Whilst the hymn was being sung, the Bishop, attended by the Rev E. A. Crawford, and the Revs Croon Carlisle, W. Cooke, H. Vanston, H. Mitchell and Mr Kaye, and the wardens of Christ Church walked in processional order to the platform," where the memorial stone was to be laid. The crosier was borne by one of the visiting clergy. At the conclusion of the hymn, Canon Carlisle offered prayer, and thereafter the 84th Psalm was sung. The memorial stone having been put in posi tion, and found to be truly and well laid by Dr Goe, Hfa Lordship, who held a ' pretty silver trowel, said, — In the faith of Jesiis Christ we place this memorial stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and Gqd the Holy Ghost. Addressing the assemblage. His Lord ship said :— My dear friends,— It gives me great pleasure to be present at the invitation to join with yon in this important addition to the Church of God in this town. I remember an old saving that "Gud loves finished work." Whatever we did for Him, He liked it to be done thoroughly, from beginning to end. When we'eonsider the position of the church, situated on the top of the hill, we cannot but think that it fa the Church of England place of worship. It could not be recognised as such without a chancel, and whilst the rubrics of the church did not strictly say that the holy table should be placed in the chancel, yet it was necessary that there should be one. This church will in fnture have a chancel, marking it out for the service of he Cbnrch of England. This chnrch was erected a generation ago, and it reminds us of the difficulties with which our forefathers erected places of worship in days gone by. It was then no doubt difficult to build a church, much less a chancel. Church extern tion was now rapidly going on, and we celebrate this afternoon the completion of the church at Castlemaine. When you have a suitable church and chancel, ..it may be said that the church has been completed, as far as outward things can malce it so. Allow me, as one who has been a minister, in the church - of Christ for many years to state that t feel certain before long the clergy of the church will have a suitable vestry, in which to robe add disrobe, And hold communi cation with the members of the church. The congregation should understand what a comfort it fa for the ministers to have a vestry." But tbete is more in it than this— all outward things have some inward signification. When the parishioners show a desire to have a church com plete, we may argue with reason that there is some spiritual life and energy and power amongst the people who worship in the place. When the soldiery were getting ready to. go into batttle on one occasion, the question was asked — What can those fellows do 1 But-the answer came — " They have burnished their armour, and Were ready for the battle." Then azain, a Persian monarch in his encounter with the Greeks to defend a certain Pass, said — " SVhat can these miserable-looking fellows mean ? " The reply was that they had combed their hair before hand, showing they were rpady and meant to do something. When we look at the church in which the surplice, is mouldy, ;tbe windows broken, and the seats coated with dust, then A feeling conies over one that thB clergy and parishioners aire fast asleep; : but when' we. see the chnrch at its best then we say —".These "people honour God, and they like to show that they regard Him, And delight to do , t , r auu lucmuutii oidjuo mail oiLor- nooh can be well Called the armoury of' the church. Those who met in the church Sun- day. after Sunday do not meet to have toys exhibited, but to have armour sup plied, to go forward into, the .world ; to have ; their shields burnished, and their armour. bright ened ; and thank God there Ts no service to he met with with any Christian body in the world .which contains so vast an amount as we have in ; the Chyrch of England, I rejoice to think, that this church of yours is beiiig taken under" your i especial care, and that you ' may come Sunday : after Supdag -to learn hoyr -to fight, Hie Lord's j battle against sin, the wot Id, and the "devil/ I ; need scarcely remind you that "the clergy pre- -sent have come. to. emphasise the" importance of .tho event th'fa afternoon- I trust it will be the beginning of increased spiritual life. Your i beloved minister is to be congratulated that the work'ia to be done within his ' tiine ; that the (reverence and devotion' of hfa people have been jso prospered, that the improvements have been made. May God grant His abundant blessing ;for this work how so auspiciously begun. ' - " . (The meraorial stone bore the following in- senption : — "This memorial stono was laid by the Right Rev F. F. Goe, D.D.. Bishop of Mel bourne ; 30th. March, A.D., 1892/" ' Soli Deo Gloria.") A hymn (the 240th) waH sung, after which the ivQT B. A, Crawford offered up prayer, The Lord Bishop (supporting the crosier) then pronounced a Benediction, ana the proceedings terminated. . . " SOCIALITY IN THE BCHOOL- ROOM. Subsequent to the chancel .cerqmony, tho clergy and the majority of thp assemblage re paired to the school- room, tho Interior of which presented a very pleasing effect Stalls, laden with pretty and useful fancy arid other work, were erected on tho southern side of tho room, and the ladies superintending.; tho sales did a good business. . Afternoon .tea. was partaken ot, and the ladies were again in evidence, and moat attentive m supplying, I tea coffeo and light, refreshments to those present,: The time was spent very sociably, and nobody derived'- better enjoyment than Dr Goe, who, with hia acouetotnen geriiallfji; "wis' a ho'st; iih! hfajself, ana regret was egprewed when the time arrived for ifii Lhtdshjn to leave for . Melbourne. The Rev E. A." and .Mtg Crawford, the church- wardfehs, "ina'"othef' -fiKUmoners were un- flagging iii "their efforts to ensure the enjoy, ment of all, and their labours were successfully rewarded. In the evening, vocal and instru mental music was to the appreciation of the large aridience." The sdloists- vioie Mrs Trevatcus (of Bendigo), "Best of all;" Miss Evans, " By the fountains Miss Palliser "Robin Adair," Mr Best, " Freelance ; 'Dr Woolley, " a hunting we will go ;" Mr Gar- diner. " Wrecked aud sared." a violin solo by Miss Langlands was, like the vocalism, received with warm applause. During tho entertain ment numerous raffles took place, and in this manner a quantity of the articles on the stalls were disnosed of. 