LADIES' COLUMN. FEMININE FASHIONS AND FANCIES. fFrom our Ladv Corresnondent.l London, March 11,1S92. Some of the most fashionable ladies' tailors are showing hairy fabrics. One I noticed ap provingly bad a black ground flecked by stripes or cheeks of tawny orange or deep crimson Eilk. Much the same colors look well on materials which have a ground of dark grey or a mixture of black and white. _An uncommon cheek was formed in mosaic design, the squares composed alternately of fawn color and chocolate brown. Pretty, too, was a fawn and reseda check on a creani ground brightened by threads of crimson silk. A small blue, white, and biown cheek would make up admirably. For knockabout gowns, which will resist the hardest wear and look little the worse after the roughest campaign, there is nothing to equal real " Harris" tweed. It is made by the local fisherfolk in the north of Scotland, and the weaving of the material provides occupation for the men in winter, when they are unable to carry on their regular avocation. The genuine stuff is distinguished by a peculiar odor, a mingled smell of tar and cordage combined with the peculiar aroma which clings to any- , thing of an absorbent nature after being long j in the vicinity of the sea. _ This odor is, how- , over, by no means objectionable, indeed j some people whose olfactories are not J very acuto say they detect nothing . but what is common to other tweeds, i The stuff is loosely woven, rough as regards surface, and nondescript in relation to pattern. • Persons who like fine, smooth-faced cloths will at first recoil from its exact opposite, but women who have the courage to look at both • fabrics dispassionately and take the trouble to ; balance the merits of each will, I think, soon ; discover a growing partiality for the rougher j textile. The fact thac fashion favors it of j course adds considerably to the merit of Harris tweed. Made up by a good tailor and simply trimmed—a band of velvet at the edge j of the skirt, with a little of the same velvet on ' the bodice—the dress has a distinct "cachet" i of its own, and servants and people who prefer smart-looking fabrics, as the lower classes often , : do, will be sure not to buy Harris tweed. ! i Moreover, it is expensive. Exclusive women : i who do not like to be copied by their inferiors in j ; station will therefore find another recommen- i I elation in the last-named fact. Velvet to tone j with one or other of the mingled colors intro- | | duced in the textile itself is the usual trimming, : but wide military braid is often substituted for ! ■ velvet. Three-quarter capes to match generally ; ! accompany the gown of Harris cloth, _ and the , : two form a "Dreadnought" costume in which, i ! so far as comfort is concerned, one might face : ; a North-American blizzard with impunity. ; , The hood, in shape gipsy or Capuchin, is lined j | with shot silk and the inner lining of the cloak ' ! is of material to correspond. _ | I The newest materials for early spring wear in : I England are all more or less brightly colored. ; ; The old pinks, blues, and purples are all ; I comiug in again, not on account of their 1 | beauty, but merely because they are a chauge i ; from the undecided colors which have for some : i time been fashionable. j I The loose- back coat, which at first we stead- i ' lastly refused to recognise as the "coming C.," 1 j has by sheer persistence and no favor succeeded j ! in forcing itself on our attention. The tailors j I were the first to introduce the "sack-back," j and women have learnt to trust their tailors' : ; taste. Men make fower mistakes in re- j i gard to dress than women do. More I over, mcsi women have masculine friends • in whose eyes they wish to appear ' comely ; and generally a man's opinion about i form varies little, though his taste in respecb i to color may vary much. So as the other sex I decides for the "sack-back," the "sack-back" j it is sure to be. And when it has undergone a | few mere trifling alterations I expect it will j become quite as popular as the universal three quarter cape has been. I Whatever else is doubtful in relation to future fashions tho fate of the long basque is j decided; it is no longer in moribund con 1 dition, it is absolutely dead, or to use the language of the immortal author of the i "Christmas Carol," speaking of the defunct Marly whose ghost is about to vex the soul of his late partner, Scrooges (still in the flesh), " Now Marly was dead, dead a3 a door nail." The long basque, then, is dead as a door nail. It fought for its life and died hard, for it had many faithful allies who willingly would have pro longed its existence, but fashion, obdurate and stem as the (hidden hand of fato, decreed its end, and fashion's emissaries obediently have compassed its extinction. " Le roi cat imri; virc le rof." We behold the new monarch in the bodice which ends at the waist, whereas erstwhile the long basque bodice declared its ascendancy over the dress skirt, the latter now reasserts itself and encroaches on! the bodice, like some marauding power on defenceless or inadequately defended territory. The skirt is laid as flatly as possible over the bodice edge, which is cut a few inches below the actual waist-line, the join being hid by folds of velvet or ribbon, the ends of which terminate in a rosette at the back, where the folds are drawn in downward direction and form a short pqinb. There have been some very smart weddings lately. Though bengaline and brocaded silk3 are much worn, an eminent authority on dress asserts that ivory-tinted satin is tho mo3b becoming to a bride. It is a regrettable fact that whereas most women desire to look their best on this all-important occasion many apuear at considerable disadvantage and look far less well than ordinarily. The bridal robe of white is frequently excessively un becoming, and if any lady suspects that white is inimical let her by all meaus eschew tradition and be married in a travelling dress of some becoming color. Often the bridesmaids look far more attractive than the bride when she happens to be one of those to whom white is disfiguring. This occurred the other day at a ceremony I attended. The two bridesmaids wore Empire gowns made of pale blue crepe cloth and lace hats trimmod with forget-me-nots. The unfortunate bride lookif! livid in her bridal white. I particularly admired some bridesmaids' dresses of white cloth trimmed with mink fur, vests of daffodil color silk with white passementerie; white felt hats trimmed with long white ostrich feathers slightly tipped with yellow. The bride's travelling costume of blue cloth, made with waistcoat of fawn and blue brocade, and hat to match was very pretty and becom ing. 1'ale grey cashmere embroidered in gold and silver, with hat and cape in unison, looks particularly well and is very suitable for a costume en voyage. After the conclusion of the wedding ceremony, when a darker color is preferred, 1 can speak in favor of a toilet of chocolate brown tweed, with full vest of brown velvet and velvet zouave jacket embroidered with gold and pink. As I remarked above, grey is a color frequently chosen for the going away costume ; many changes are rung upon this favorite neutral color. Dark grey, ap proaching slate, is selected for more useful wear ; dove grey and silver grey, on tho con trary, are chosen for beauty. Lovely was a young married lady's gown of grey silk and grey velvet trimmed with gold and steel pas sementerie, grey velvet cape lined with pale yellow satin, a grey velvet hat trimmed with a'Alengon lace and pale yellow ostrich plumes. Good taste suggests that the rank and future position of the bride should enter into conside ration when choosing a trousseau, j I cannot refrain from quoting the dresses of ! another batch of bridesmaids, they are too ; pretty to pass over in silence, being made of ; pale pink crepou trimmed with pink and i white may. Long tulle veils fastened with cor i responding flowers to complete. We are I adopting the French fashion of arranging veils; j it is decidedly more tasteful as also more bo coming to the wearer than our older English I method, which is flat in effect, and the defect is ! not entirely obviated even when the raited | coiffure of present fashion affords a base for ; operations. The new way is to pucker up the tulle until it assumes the shape of a becoming | little cap, tiny bonnet, or pretty hat, according I to taste or individual requirement. So much | effected, the veil flows outward and downward I in true bridal fashion. A short veil is worn | over the bride's face. Feather boas have taken ! anew lease of life. The be3t shops have large in ; stalments of every sort and kind, but hitherto i the unconquerable propensity of these boas to moult was a decided drawback. No matter . how high the price paid it would not insure m I tegrity. It is to be hoped some improvement ! has taken place in this particular. The pur ! chaser has likewise to fear dyed leathers. The i very great demand for feathers, which, of | course, must match each other in color, has j resulted in the practice of dying them. The : metallic hues so admired in the hackle and | tail feathers of chanticleer are wonderfully i imitated, but the wearer of a dyed boa soon I discovers the provoking fact; her laces, her i light-colored dresses, even her neck show ! signs of contact with artifieally colored ftaO.ii-. The permanent dye of another natuie is alone to be relied upon. It is in the combination of various materials and colors, often of what appear at first sight opposing colors, that we find the great charm of many of the more lovely dress creations of the day. Until the dyers achieved their pre sent high standard of taste and attained the skill that enables them to produce so many exquisite gradations of the same color, each blending into the other, not many years ago, it was impossible without manifestation o glaring bad taste to unite blue and green, green and mauve, and other directly antago nistic colors. Blue meant blue, green was greeD, and no mistaking it. Now we are not infrequently puzzled how to classify correctly the color before us. It resembles the fabled chamelion. One person says, "It is blue," another affirms "It is green," while the umpire appealed to, following the legend in substance, says, "Gentlewomen, cease your pother ; the thing is neither one nor 'tother." As I remarked above, it is in such exquisite blending of colors that present fashion excels. For example, I instance a lovely toilet of mauve brocade made with Empire sleeves and trimmed with rosette bows of turquoise blue velvet. Again, as most worthy of notice, I mention a Direetoire gown of pink and white striped silk with small pink flowers in the design; the.belt and trimmings are moss green velvet; the large cravat is of white lace. Much to be admired also was a petticoat of mauve and yellow striped silk with ruche at the hem. The bodice of yellow brocade is trimmed with jet and arrayed with pleatings of yellow silk muslin. This is distinctly a Paris evening dress and eminently suited to a clear dark completion combined with glossy dark hair. Violet is another color that is being repro duced in the old-fasliioned tone of a hundred years ago; it is, however, most trying to many. It is one of the least favorable colors to the skin, that is when it is not sufficiently deep to whiten by contrast of tone. The little blue there may be in the complexion violet turns green. Blue imparts orange, which is suscep tible of allying itself favorably to white and the light flesh tints of fair complexions which have already a more or less determined tint of the color; blue is therefore suitable to most blonds. It will not suit brunettes, as they have already too much orange. I am offering these remarks solely in relation to the revived colors recently brought out, namely, the old hard blues and the purple, or violet distin guished by the prefix "royal." Tha Syrian dyes of ancient times are not to be equalled, far less surpassed, by those of modern times. The secret of their production seems to have been lost, but Oriental colors in our day in depth of tone and richness and artistic blend ing are still greatly in advance of English dyes. Black satin has come in for day wear. It made its advent some while back on the person of a fashionable guest at a wedding. The gown was made with great simplicity, bodice and, skirt fitting as if moulded on the figure, the orthodox band of jet following the waist line ; under the jet was a foundation of white silk, throwing the trimming into high relief. A ruche of black moire and a scarcely visible lining of pink bordered the skirt. A little pink was likewise introduced about the neclc. It may be mentioned in this connection that the huge bows eo largely seen in the streets of London are now conspicuously absent from any \vell dres3ed assembly. Thebonnetswornbymatronly women canonly be distinguished from caps by their wavy strings. A piece of lace rests on the hair and is filled in with a little flat trimming which forms the crown ; the strings come from the back. Bon nets for younger women are mere scrap3, but though scraps costly, for rare lace and lovely feathers are used in their construction. They are worn very far back upon the head, which is dressed high—Grecian fashion, this frequently necessitating a considerable addition to native growth. Upstanding plumes, some in front, some at the back, occasionally impart a rather frantic effect. The strings of such bonnets •when tied reach to the knees. 