SxkZMtfttllAotu EX-PRIEST DALY. ? .» ? HIS PltlNTED CREDENTIALS. DESCRIBING' THE CONFESSIONAL. ITS MANY ABUSES. TOO FOUL FOR PUBLICATION. A VOTE OF THANKS. At a few minutes after 8 o'clock last night Mr. J. B. Daly commenced his lecture on the confessional to a slightly larger audience than that of the previous evening, and one com : posed entirely of men and boys, aceordiug to the instructions of the lecturer. As on the previous evening, no one touk the chair; and Mr. Daly introduced himself to'hiB hearers. The lecturer was received with applause, and pointed out that he generally had some one to take the chair for him and read his credentials. In Bathurst he had not done so, but had left copies of his papers of reference with till* p.rlit.nrH nf +.-ln \\\vr\ Tnannntoliln nnnnWt in the town, the Times and the Free Press. (Loud laughter and cries of 'No, no.',) He had also left credentials with several pastors, and the secretary of the Orange Lodge. He had officiated as a pastor of tho Baptist Church in Boston. The Protestants had a right to know something about him, and he was willing to give them that knowledge. He professed to be a gen tleman and tried to act as one. (Cheers.) He was going to say something else but would refrain. He would read a certificate according to the polity of the American Baptist Church, giving license to preach. Other references were to the effect that the lecturer had great talent, and was one of the many priests who had turned to Protestanism, and succeeded in turning others. All these extracts were read from a printed circular, and received with applause. One reference was read from Clias. Oluniquy, and another from Utah ministers. If hehad the choosing of topics he would omit the one on which tin's Wt-,nrn wac rn'mn because it was one that he did not like to handle. But. he was accused of intolerance and so, though he would rather preach only the gospel, ho must expose error. That night he would give irrefutableproof from documen tary evidence of theabuses of the confessional. He was oniaiaed by Bishop Whoeler.in 1872, and remained a priest for 11 years, During that time he had heard the confessions of priests, bishops, women, criminals, and the public generally. For 10 years he had heard confessions and held mass in. a convent. For 0 years he was the Roman Catholio chaplain in a piison, and heard the confessions of prisoners. He had taken at least 75,000 confessions, because a confessor liad regular clients who always came to him. He did not wish to make any exageration, or false charges, because there was too much real badness in the Church of Rome to make exagerations of nny use. Ho could not toll the whole truth even to that audience of men, for some of it was too filthy for any tmng. xiie noman Catholic's pretended that the priests did not remember any confessions niado to them, but that was absurd, Ho had been a priest for many yoars and he re membered all the confessions. The best exterior did not often show tho best man and he had often noticed men whom he thought very good and pious, confess to tho most heinous offences. He could say without mentioning real names that, ho remembered Jno Smith confessing to having committed a murdcr,'and the caeQ had been talked of in tho papers, and he could go to New York at that moment and lay his hauds on the shoul der of the murderer. So that the priests did remember tho confessions of peni tents, and the story that they did not was a regular ?' fish yarn.' It had been said that no priest had over, broken tho secrecy of the confessional, and that if a priest did break it ho would bo excommuuicatcd. If he had a pound for every secret : of the confessional priests had told him lus would bu a rich limn, aud able to: live- iuv'aso. -Ojiuighter.) ,M au instance, a certain Irish priest was'sta tipaed'imt German Ohurol) in ?America, and the bishop of tho dioces& was a very tyrauicu, man. The speaker had called on the priest in qucstionandinconvei-sationthepriestliadBaidiy that he knewof many things tho:-biBliophad# done, that were 'very bad, and because of tl^ the bishop couldn't be tyranical with him. He allowed that these sins talked of wore' sins that had been confessed to him. ? Here followed a story of the' sin of a priest, which was of a kind unfit for publica tion, Everyone would allow that breaking the seal of tho cdnfcssiorial was a veryinean thing, The speaker would die before he would break the confidence of penitents. (Cheers.) Tho man about whom the story - had been told resided at Springwood, Dakota, U.S.A., and his name was Daniel D; Collan. The lecturer had. been spoken of as a man who had been kicked out of the Church of Rome, but would it not be .better to'-atart kicking out such men as these. (Applause.) He thought he looked a respectable man,and was afraid of no law and no person. (Cheers.) Why was the priest in Townsvillc, ' i who was accused of having attempted to violate the, virtue of a young lady. in his congregation, by drugging the : sacramental' , wine. He had merely been obliged to'change his place of ?. residence;' And . after' things of that sort they had talked of putting the speaker: out of (the Church. Any man who would believe in the Holy Coat, which wasreally taken out of some old pawn shop, could believe anything. (Laugh ter.) The Catholic claimed that Avhen Christ said, ' Whose Hins thou shalt forgive, they shall be forgiven,; and whose sins thou shalt retain shall be retained,' he gave authority for the absolutien of sins. If one passage was taken, in this way .the meaning was lost and tile conclusion was absurd.1 For in stance, if the passage about all flesh being grass was taken literally, it became au absurdity, and the man whoreadit in that way;would be as green as grass. (Laughter.) Christ had really taught hia apostles to preach the forgiveness of sins. He had made the remark about retaining . sins to all, Mary Magdalen as well as tlie apostles, and conse quently Mary was much qualified to forgive sins as the. disciples. It had been proclaimed a dogma that the priest had the divine power to forgive sins.. This-was in 1215 and if it were true, then what could be said about the previous generation who iad- not-known this divine truth,. The church of 'Rome was called the senior . church, but where was it mentionedin the Bible, and if it were the senior church then surely it would be mentioned in taat Book, whioh only - nientibntd the Church of Christ. (Applause). His advice to editors of newsuapers was stick to their papers aiid- leave theology- alone. (Laughter). No man had ever lived who was good enough to knee! to except Christ, and to kneel * to : any other . man, ,,was. idolatry. (Applause). The penitent said to the: priest ' Father f prgive my sins.' Roman Catholics said, when asked- by Protestants; Hhat' God forgived them through the priest; and if thie was so the declaration .in use' uibA'll. 1215 ? would bo still used, . but another dograai had been proclaimed, wm'ch; made tlie priests say ? ?' I forgive you.' \ The . Bible said 'call, no man father but. God alone.' Tho word hi God cqntainediibtliingabputthe forgiveness of saints.. The saints ; were': ;so numerous that they hadto be all batched to gether, too many to mention them1 separately. (Laughter and hisses.) Then CaJhplics'Kad to tell priests.the last time they.wentto con fession as if absolution had been granted ; also to give a list of all their, sins that they could renieniber. Then the priests : had; to cross-examine the penitent so ..' as to refresh their memory. Chihiquy; liad ; told how a young girl' lbst; her' ..'.purity, by confessing to ..private sins.' 'iThepriestthat shehadpartiallyconfessedtpj told her that she must tell everything, though her modesty .rebelled against it;. Nomatfer if ' the thing ?said could not be' revealed to mothers it must be told to the bachelor priest. daLiguori, who wasthe head of a new order, ; an' order of his own, was considered 'the' chief authority in R. C. Church, and the Pope had, declared, his writings to be the teachings of the Church. He was called a saint and was never married yet ho wrote a whole volume, op;)the private sins of husband and' wife, which was like a bachelor lecturing on marriage. (Laughter.) '?? The. lecturer here quoted, several passages, whicli.he alleged, to be free translations from the Latin, and all of which were too absurd, and too filthy, to have a place , in tlip columns of a respectable journal. If, a Catholic priest was cpoken to he would sa,y that as a man reveals all his physical in firmities to a physician, so, he should reveal his moral infirmities t6 his spiritual physician. He understood that the Holy Ghost was the guide and director,: not any, manjUbesides, there was no parallel in the cases, for if a man went to a doctpr( in connection with a disease of a private' 'nature,: that doctor would not think, of 'putting- impudent and irrevalant questions as to the manner of the contraction of the disease. (Laughter.) Sin was like a moral stench, and it was not necessary for a man to put his nose into it to discover whether it was a sin or not. (Laughter.) It was said aboi^' the lecturer that he was going to say a lot of dirty things with no proof of the confessional. He could prove from the remarks of da Liqubri that priests were authorized to make all sorts of filthy and revolting enquiries under the cloak of the confessional. Here followed a long list of questions alleged to be found in the works of da Liquori, all of which were of a most revolting and filthy nature, and utterly unfit for publication, although many were received with laughter. But what, had all these questions got- to do with tho soul's salvation. When a man was training for the Church he was generally of a, pure mind, but during recreation time he would meet with students who had studied for several years, and who would make jokes on the subject of their study. Later on-again it became his whole delight to talt-oyer these most filthy subjects. Father Murphy when drinking would tell a filthy story of some confession, then another would tell a worse one, and taken altogether priests were the filthiest talkers in the world, beiri' worse than conimereialitravellers. (Laughter.) Many people said that others came to that hall to hear a dirty subject discussed, but what would they say when they heard of young students daily discussing such sub jects. (Applause.) Another theologian, who had never been married, described various details (too disgusting for publication) of married life. No Roman Catholio priest would dare to come bofoie an audience of men and translate the theological doctrines .of his, Church. (Applause.) In London one of his hearers got up and denied that the priests asked indecent questions. He had been on educated man and had translated the Latin question, and had been forced to- admit him self wrong, A great deal of compassion was felt for the Catholics because of the confes sional, it was thought to be hard for women The priests were more to be pitied than the women, because of tho temptations thoy had to meet. The only surprising thing was that the priests were as good as they were, for only a God could withstand the terrible emptctions of tho confessional box. Priests in New York were in tho habit of going straight from tho Saturday nieht's conf tiRsirvnui +r, houses of ill-fanio as a result of their work as confessors. The priests lived on /tho fat of the land, had good salaries, and in fact their mode of life made them sinful and tho Devil could have thought of no better method of propagating villaiuy than adding to all these incentives to sin by establishing the con fessional: (Laughter aud applause.) Good women would, make indelicate confeflsioaa, and would make them; sincerely. ? Tlie lecturer said that these confessions led to conquests by priests, details of Which as given in his discourse arc unfit for publica tion, Irish priests would not take advantage of a good woman as a rule ; their chief fault ay in their love of drink. (Laughter.) French and Italian priests gloried in their conquests in the confessional box, and boasted of them. In Canada various unmontionahlo sins were very common amongst the priesthood— thoy were in fact, universal. In the Southern States the, priests ,,drauk and gambled more than any--othur clans,- aud were the^h biggest, . swindlers. ? (Laughter.), . , AU, ovegjj3 the world the saiuo vices existed amongst thorn. .In' Italy th'iiro wove foundlinS usylums in.,cvery. town, aind the,, priests wore often pantos of 80 or j forty children, quite as a uiatiSr of coarse.'.'. The lecturer called the Roman Catholic religion a mighty, filthy faith, and if one word of it was in the l'rotcstant' religion deuont women .would not go into the Church. (Applause) Romans said that they were going to cleanse society but purity could not come through filth. Loud applauBe.) Ho wanted to ask' his Protestant hearers if a daughter or a mother pira wife, tried to do tho same things would they not sooner see them in thegrave. (Applause.). The Anglican Church liad buen doing tho same thing of late, or trying to in troduce Uitualistic services and the confes sional anyhow. This was more to be des pised thunthesatncthing.in Roman Catholics, who were at all events original. He , belonged to an Evangelical Church because ? ^ he would have no popery. (Loud cheers.) ' A gentleman in Bathurst had said he at tended the Anglican Church but would do so no longer because of the.amount of RHual in it. He was wrong there, and should stick to it, but give-no money and bo try to stamp it out. He would say stick to your Prates-1 tant, religion, and do not be af taid to own it,'' but he did not want to see ariy dissension between Catholics and Protestants ; they should be charitable to each other. There was a conflict coming on soon over the matter of education between Protestantism and Catholioism, and sides would have to be taken, and that time was to be looked for ward to by all, for the banner of faith would then be- hoisted, and all true ; Protestants would fight for the good cause. (Cheers.) ? As the audience rose to leave the hall Mr. T. McKibbon rose to propose a vote of thanks to' the lecturer. ? Alderman Halliday said, in seconding the1 vote of thanks, that no man waale'ss ashamed , to show his colors than he. He had tried amongst Irishmen as an Irishman, for years ?' and found; them warm-hearted and good. But it was not safe to touch' them on their religion. The lecturer liad opened a train of thought which, followed up would make one unwilling to . favor such a religion. Speaking' of Ritualism, .he was glad the subject had been touched upon, aud could not understand people who called themselves Protestants indulging init. The proceedings them; terminated. Readers will understand that under ordi nary circumstances the above report would have been a verbatim one, but on this ? occasion a great part of the lecture was of such a nature as to absolutely forbid publi cation, though the report itself was taken in full. ? ???.'?? ? ? ? 