NOVELIST.. The Van Rensselaer Ghost. UV ELLEX V. TALBOT?. ft *=6K with si i-.ipitianB of pleasure that nj! fnoxl, 11 ? pert Udt-s^on complied with vr'i.rf,' WinurVs inviiulica lo fptnd l?ew YfSi'rt at his country es at. Wijiitj had hut J&ieiy; been t^siricd, and was i:)cwiK:og a v.-iiiiu for epf ndir-g the hoiiisys in the country, at an old mansion he had lately puichstsd on the Sound. T»a novelty of the ttiinj: waf, in it+tll, agreeable, and there was sure to be minus w^cee reading alone was fnocgb to titillate the palato; and though liupeit was by no mefena a gourmand, be was no more indiUiient to the charms of quail on toast and oevilled lobster than an- | other man. Mra. Wmter was a pretty | woman, and a delightlul bcctets, and, in j 6hort, my friend felt sure that bio visit wcuid j prove one cl tha most delightful incident of j the snowbound eeason. It was, therefore," j with a blithe heart that he etepped from the ? car upon the Aster station, and it quired tne way to Mr. Charles Winter'e bouse. " It's a good three miles from herp." said a man in an old ar^y overcoat. " You'd better step into my eleigh, and I'll take yon out for a quarter; seems strange they didn't meet yon, if yon were expected," he added, with the free curiosity peculiar to men of his class in New England. "'Perhaps they didn't know your train," continued tne coachman, when Bupert and his portmanteau were safe in the sleigh. " It may be you that gent thiB telegram I ain taking to them now. It came a couple of hours ago, but tne station master, seeing no one was dead, and the roads bo bad, thought he would wait awhile until some one was going that way." Rupert could not avoid smiling, but his thoughts were diverted "by the wide expanse of snowy fields through which they were pas sing : the village lay to the right, and in this direction was here and there only a lonely farmhouse surrounded by its unpainted outbuildings, and loaded with a weight of enow that seemed almost to bury it. JJo signs of life were visible, save a light in the last window c£ the homestead, and poEfiibly a will wrapped and mitte^ed man pushing his way through the snow to bis barn. " I wonder Winter purchased in such a lonely spot," broke from Eupert at last. " It is not bo dreery in summer," an swered the driver, takine *he observation as addressed to himeelf. ' T .is is a beautiful drive then, and Mr. Win er has plenty of horses ; he's no call to stay here but when it is pleasant, and no fool knows what he wants to be coming now for. It's s grand house, though." " . Bopert, asking a few questions, elicited the knowledge that the house had been owned by an old Scotch family as a home stead for fifty years, but as the older mem bers of the group passed away none of the yonnger cared to live on the property, and it had been sold. The man, however, dropped hints that there had been other reasons for disposing of it; what these were Bupertconld not definitely discover, " There it stande," said the driver, point ing with his whip at & large, square bouse Chat must, in summer, have been nearly hidden by the foliage of the encircling chesfc jiut trees. "* Yen see that a number of new faehioned houses have been built near it by other city swells, making it look like the grandmother of the lot." The large {rate stood open, and the sleigh jingled merrily qd to the door. At the sound of the bells the letter was opened wide, throwing a blaze of light over the snow, ana permitting a youn? man to spring into the Crcstv air and seize Bupert by the hand. .' Unlookcd for bnt always welcome," cried Charles Winter, " though I did expect you earlier this evening, and only gave you op on receiving no message." Bupert referred Mr. Winter to the tele gram which the driver produced, and the two young men entered the warm, bright h&U; of the house; here Bopert was received by Mrs. W inter, appearing more than ever of desirable jjrettsnefiB. .' ] am glad you did not wftit ontil & fttill later train," Bhs said, playfully, "for it is New Year's Eve, the time for all eerie things to be abroad; and thongh X have brought you into the very home of a ghost, I would not vfieh you to be spirited away on the road by one." " Are there ghosts in New England?" said Bupert. " In New England 1 The very haunt ol ghosts I I think the old Puritans, finding how xaaoh they lost whioh they might have | bad on earth, come slipping around now so see what they can get." And have yon a ghoBt here?" asked Bupert. _ "H'sh!" said Mrs. Winter, with raised finger. «. If there iB one, perhaps you may eee it." " I fervently hope eo," replied Bapert, as he hurried to make ready for the waiting meal. He was not disappointed in the mental re view ha had taken of the guests he would meet; there were twd other men beBide hiB aost and himself, the elder of whom was a General Gordon, and an old Southern uncle of Mrs. Winter, on a basineee visit to. the Ucith, an irascible old fellow who inveter ately differed with everybody, and yet one of )be moat kind-hearted men living. Theother was a man of forty or more, a eon of the setting t*od of day, being a grain merchant from Missouri ; he had all the frankness generally ascribed to those of the West as i far as his manner went, but ha also con cealed under his appearance his own individ uality. "There was not wan tine the countenance of fair damee, either. Mra. Winter was sustained ^y ibs innocent, fcnooi-i^irlish daughter of JJeneral (JjrdonJ and another iriend, & Miss dJicti Etlaler. Tne table was set in & lonp, low room, wainscoted with oak to the ceiling ; a fire | roared in the deep chinweyplace, and cast | daneing shadows on the walls of the tall, claw-footfd mahogany furniture j the table was lit with candles in heavy silver candle sticks, the air of the whole being such that Bcpert lias said be I"At transported into one of the rare old interiors of Irving or IJaWr 'borne. . Is not my furniture charmingly fitted to house?" asked M». Winter, as Iba i dcsrert was brought on, and all were beginning to feel genial and talkatively die poEed. .. It -would have been shameful to have one of these old rooms arranged in the raccern way and meat fortunately the Van ?/LBS? trs me take a11 the fnrnitnre with the house." t, gbost thrown in?" inquired Rnpert. line would have thought they had chosen to pack it up and carry it away with them; a ghost is s, rare thing to have in a family quite a distinguished mark. I shall be tempted to adopt it lor my own if I eanfitid it." Yon might as well steal my diamonds,' eaid the lady. "I would put you under arrest ju6t as soon." .' What is the stcry of the ghost. Cousin Effie ?" asked Edith Gordon. " My dear child ! Do you want me to tell you a ghost story at the dinner table i" cried Mrs. Winter. "No, I shall tell you ?when you and Alice come into my dresBing room the last thing at night, and the gentle men are still smoking and talking down stairs; then, like ' Maud' and 'Madge,' we will eic and comb our beautiful hair,' and like some one else, 4 tell strange stories of the deaths of kings.' I insist upon all the sur noundinge." " And are we poor men only to form our ghosts out of the smoke of our cigars ?" said Rupert, " I fear I shall be a keyhole listener." " I ^ shall _ leave Charles to tell you the story," replied the hostesB, glancing at her husband, who appeared singularly grave. , ^ really think he more than half believes in it." " Pooh - nonsense - ghosts!" said the ancle. ' Then it is not true ?" said Edith Gt-rdon. *' You shall hear and judge for yourself* cousin ; 1 believe the facta of the lady's life,. before she became a ghost, can be vouched for. I espect to have you and Alice listening with fiuricus attention to night to her ro raantio story.'* " I osnnnt promise for the curiosity of one," nhi<i Miss Eileler, in a fall, musical voice. The tale will not be a new one to me." The sound of her voice drew Rupert's at tention tc Alice, whom be had hardly noticed before, as one sat farthest from him at the table ; one- drawn, he was held by a mag netism thai constrained him to regard her every moveiv.^nt, and wait for every word she might utter ia that rich voice, tie has con fessed that St is difficult to dssciibe the peculiar cbsrui that Miss Eilsl r exercised over him, although be alleges that her beauty was of an uncommon kind; a face pale and fxquisitivtly cut, as though in ivory, ligiited by the plow of her dark eyes, and shaded by tbs night of her silken hair ; a well rounded l«rm atd a hand and arm the moat perfect he had ever seen. Her dress of white Incia pongee added to her statuesque appearanae and to Rupert's fas cination, for he had e"er contended that white WHS the one robing it which beauty realised his idea!. His eyes, gathering every detail, took in also a curious emerald locket that Bet off her white throat. To my riper expersense there was little mysterious in the attention of an ardent young fellow, like my frietid bfing fised on such a cieature. thoogh he insists that there was a depth of spirit and power about her that attracted beyond her beauty. Be that as it may, Rupert fell instantly fathoms deep in love with Alice Eilsler, wl'fcb set hie head so in a whirl that he eould with difficulty at tend to anything else. «? Why, Alice, where have yoni heard of my ghost ?" inquired Mrs. Winter. .' I did not know that you had been in thiB part of the country before." "I have not," eaid Aliae, Elialer; "bus,: although I am unacquainted with my cousins, my mother was a sister of thr last Van Rensselaer that lived iu this houE6 " Aelight exclamation escaped Hamilton the guest from Missouri, which he Instantly controlled ; but Ripert observed that; be also ' had fised his regards on the young larty, and was conscious of an ugly feeling that rtesired to command the change of his gaze t<? some less saared quarter. " This iainterestingabave all things." said her hostess, with a sparkling face. ** -Ls the gbost is the danghter of ihe old gent^maa surely she will appear to you I wotf.'d ap pear to Edith, here, were I a ghost- The lady has been most unsocial with me, hut I have set my heart on her appearing to florae one to-night, and now some one id berf with whom she is connected, eke must b« sind You will not be afraid ?" '?Not of that poor girl," eaid Alice, *islf smiling, a faint smile like moonlight on snow. ° " eieUimea »>' °»I« 1 Bho°la"1 sT j Mrs. Winter linked ber hand in her hm bands arm as they rose from the table. "Why do you look so serious, Charle*?" she said playfully. « Have I displeased you . ®u ttllB frivolous talk &hnnt; ghosts f" e?aotly tbat' love," said Winter but the history of that poor young la Sy seems to me too sad and true to turn inti- * ; jest/ " Oh, my dear Charles." said his wife «' I would not laugh at thatpart of it for woJldft . bat a little harmless nonsense about a you wili sprcly not deny me. I shall positively be jealous of the fascinating shads u you object and fear you have eecret meet 1DRS. She looked with pretty wilfulness intf» Winter a faee, hut floated away to the piano where her sweet voice gave a turn to tne tncagbts of the company, j ^/r°\l0rBe tblee hocrs were *he most delightful Bupert had ever spent. He ob tained the seat next Alice in the old chimnev oorner, and I know the boy well enough io be sura thatas the evening grew he pressed closer and closer to her side, His lips epoke on but ordinary subjects, but eyes can be more eloquent than lips, and if ever eyes ottered a declaration of love they were those of my friend. Miss Eilsler's were fastened on the flames and hidden by the thick lasben. She seldom raised them to let any or those present read their story, though Rupert would have given a year of his lifs to have had a rquare look at tbem. She sat nearly as motion less as an alabaster statue, save for the low music of her replies ; ones or twice a fa;nt color rose to her cheeks, as toward the end of the evening the tone in which my friend uttered his common places became stilt more tender; but it rcisht have been only the flickering ot the fire, and Rupert, when the ladies said good night, felt ail the despair for her coldness, and all the readi* ness to translate trifles into hope that be comes a model lover . and in spite of ber downcast eyes.it ig probable that Miss Alice readily interpreted the language of his, for women see more with their lids shut than men do through spectacles. Although the company had watched the death of the old year and the birth of the n. w, Mre. Winter deoiared that she intended keepina the ladies a while longer from sleep with theghoBt story she and Alice wonld tell HHiib. V ^ think wn'd better sit in your room, Alice, she said, "then you will not have to go down she stairs late at night, as yon would »f you came up with me. I hone you don t object to sleeping on the first floor* I have no suest room but Eiith's upstairs'in whioh a nre C3n be built." Miss EiisJer answered that she did not ob ject at a:l. and the ladies pas-ed from the r.iom, Hamilton springing to open the door for them, ana take one more long, curious look at Aliae EUsler. , Her cool glance had been the one thine { that had made discord in Rapert's evenint and when Hamilton held Alice's band for a ! long raom?nt as he bade her farewell, and she colored under his searching eyes as she Dad not done nnder those of my friend the youth felt all ibe unreasoning j=alousv that! was «aaanli« the case. In truih, Eunen was only designs of finding sdmfltoing I about which he might <$uarisl with the Westerner. " A lovely woman," remnrkofl Hamilton, returning to fafs Beat aad lislitinpr a cigar. * " \- So-so; wants color," aaid the unole. " ^on will be apt to recognise her face when you see it again," said Bupert, passing over the general's remark and addressing the younger man. Hamilton stared a moment and then ianghed. "What do yon mean, air?" demanded Bapert. " Nothing at all." V Sir, X will not be answered thns 1" eaid Bupert,^ furiously, forgetting, in his strange passion, the laws of common courtesy. . '' Gome, Davison," interfered Winter, tak ing his arm, .' Hamilton has assuredly done I nothing to call forth this heat; there is a j mistake; let ns forget it and be friendly foi j I another honr." ! *. Tush! CharleB, let them have it out," j said the ancle. "Not at all." B&id; Hamilton, good-; hnmoredly. " Mr. Davison is ieady to be ' friends with me, I am cure." Bupert, stilt strangely tinlike himself, mattered a sulky as/sent. . ** Here is something you will be interested ' in, gentlemen," Baid Winter, turning the sub ject, and he displayed a quaint locket set with emeralds-the same Bupert had noticed during the evening bb sparklmg at the throat ot Alice Ellsler. " My wife handed this to me, with Miss Eilsler's consent to exhibit the miniature within. It was left her as a legacy, by herunole, and contains s portrait of the unfortunate girl of whom you have heard so much this evening.11 | While speaking Winter handed the orna ment to the others and they examined it in turn, *« It looke like this girl herself." eaid the uncle. .' It does strongly resemble her,,: replied winter, " yet. it wants the firmnese of char acter teat Mite Alice shows. Here is more of coquetry and childishness." Bupert said nothing ; he could have gszed on forever, it was so like Alice, but the Westerner was waiting to take it. He alto gazed a long time, but asked, irrele vantly : ' *' Winter, bow did you chance to purchase this out-of-the-way place 'I 1 had no idea, when I started wish you, that you were tak ing me so far out of the world. I thought you probably lived in the village ef Aster.' " was a whim of my wife's," replied Winter. "Are you acquainted with this region, Hamilton ?" "I once kaew a little of the country about here," replied Hamilton, after a mo ment. '. Come, Winter,"eaid Bapert, "are we not at last to hear this story to which so many allusions have been made ? This is the hour for each a tale, and I begin to believe in it' since I have seen this face. I hope she will j feature T6 8 8limPse oi ^er lovely " yon will assnredly recognise," said Hamilton, dryly, for Bupert had again possessed himself of the locket, and was poring over the miniature. My friend nearly dropped the bauble, and an angry flush crossed his face. " The resemblance is certainly striking " drawled Hamilton," between-" "Sir," said Bupert, half-rising, "I insist upon an explanation of-" I am willing to tell yon all I know of the Etory, ' interrupted Winter, as if the alter cation was not going on, but, at the saraa Usap, gjctly poshing Bupert back into his seat. "Fust let t>s throw on another leg, and general, sit nearer to the fire. The re. latsori will not take long, and no ono need believe the part concerning the ghostly .* I sha*n't,"eaid the ancle. "Ton may sleep through that part, 'said his host. With apparent carelessness he drew his chair between Rupert and Hamilton, and commenced his narration. " The last Van Bensselasr that lived," said Winter, "was not remarkable in any par ticular way except for hie large family. He had three eons and seven daughters born to him, and the young women being more than ordinarily fair, were known tbroaehuut the region ss the 4 Seven Sisters,' so called in reference to the seven bright stars in the .rieiaaee. ' There are but six now," said the uncle. '\?kis bright band diminished still more rapialy, ea.d Winter. "The eldest, the mother of Miss Alice, married and became almost disconnected with her familv by going to dwe!i with her husband in England . a «ver scourge that ravaged this region visited three of the remaining sisters, two of I whom never rose from their beds again, the one that recovered being the lady of the miniature, and the youngest of the family. Old Van Bensselaer was nearly crazed by the euaden gap m his fireside circle, and the whole county mourned with him. for it is not to be supposed that the lipht from fuoh a constellation bad been hidden, even if shining from this retired spot. With ansiocs tenderness did the old man guard the three daughters yet remaining, and the whole family united in bestowing especial care on the youngest, lest the fever might have left her frailer than the rest. "She had always been the favorite with ber father, her mother dyiDg soon after ber birth, and she buddc-d into womanhood amid such fostering care that the breath cf the summer wind was haraly known to her. As the time rol.ed on Van Bensgelaer grew reconciled to bis Borrows, and let the silver voices of hie last three girls comfort him. Grace, the 1 ady whose picture we have seen, was as wilful and spoiled as might have been expected, but her naturally gweet and childish disposition, as we.l as her intensity in affection, caused her friends to regard her im perious ways as an added charm. J ^ y £.a7e waJ before her al-sravg, iind delighted in her tyranny. She was, per haps the lovelifst of ail. bet the sisters re sembled each other so closely that often in the evening when they gathered here afconi the hearth, Van Rensselaer, musing in their miast, ha-diy knew as their light forms flitted past him whether tbey were those of oi8 lost or living <JarlingE«'' .' The men must have been a fool," eaid toe uncle. _ " The striking resemblance to each other ib a trait of the family," said Winter. " Yon perceive Mies Alice has not escaped it. But to resume : you may imagine lovers were not wanting in this home in those days-fifteen years ago. it is no longer than that-but Grace danced over all their hearts and finally persuaded ber father that this conn try home was not enough to content young women for ever, and thai a winter in town was necessary for herself and her sisters. Tbc eld gentleman reluctantly consented; he had a strange presentiment about letting his d&uehters; leave the shelter of their child hood s home, but beauty, as usual, wheedled and conquered and Mise Grace and her sister* enjoyed the teight of metropolitan gaieties for a few months, drivicg their fatnr-r nearly into his dotage by their inces sant round of balls and operas; for he in sisted on accompanying them wherever they Wast. 3 S-ight glad was he, at the first breath of sprii 2, to gather them into the old home . but rpmor whispered that he could not keep his nest so full much longer and ihst one of bis bihle was making ready to ase her wings, la fact, though no country lover had been able So catch Miss Grace, the wild i;ule beauty had been tamed by soaiecue in"the g-eat esty and came back to her home only to fill it with preparations for whica satin and wedding cake, that she might leave it again. j " There was nothing too precious or too costly for Gracc at this period, and however ' ihe coming parting might rend the hearts of j the family, they ooald not bat be glad ifi tbs joyousness that overflowed in the bride to be ; with a heart eminently formed lor loving, this new affection seemed also to deepen the old, and she hung about them B11 with a thousand carcases that doubly endeared her. The days in which she seemed fairly unable to contain her happiness were those in which she received the letters from her lover; he was not often, if ever, able to visit her, bat his missives were regularly sent, the seal printed, I suppose, with clasped hands, or a deer, or some each othec faithful device. " At laBt the bridal day arrived; the early morning was to bring the lover; tfce wed ding drees was spread oot in readiness, white and glistening as a snowy bank, every stitch in the finery having been set by the sisters of the bride. The early hours passed and the bridegroom did not come; noon <atruck, and still he had not arrived; the wedding would not take place till Bun down, and Bome accident might have made him late; but as the afternoon dragged away without the itppcarancc of the lover, a vague forboding struck the hearts of the family. " Van .Rensselaer had seated himself in his old chair-your seat, colonel-and fallen into musings of which his clenching band and fiery eye told something ; the two elder daughters, seated near him, whispered together, and oast anxious looks into the front room, where Graoe hong at the window. "'Let ns dress her,, Florence/whispered Ethel, the Eister next the youngest. ' It will divert her mind and the guests will soon be here now. We will make the robing a- loDg piocess, and so tide her the better over this suspense before he comes.' " 'Let her alone V interrupted old Van Rensselaer, loudly. 'Do not think to trick her in those 'wretched gewgaws now, if ever.' " His daughters shrank into frightened silence, and a moment later a message- was brought to the old gentleman. He tore it open, and then dashed it nnder his feet. "' Ourse him !" he exclaimed in a terrible voice. « Quick ! shut the door, and let ns think how we can tell that poor young thing that he is false to her!' *. His precautions were too late; his tone bad been louder that he knew; a loud shriek struck their ears, and rushing into the other room, they saw Grace fall heavily to the floor." " Why didn't he come ?" inquired the uncle, prosaically. " He wrote," said Winter, " that a new business opening called him distant for an incalculable time; that it was impossible for & lady to accompany him, and that as bis ti'me of return was so uncertain, it would be sswise to leave a younji bride behind wist fiilly awaiting him. He said it would be wtong, also, to Grace and her own family, aild added that he would not hold the girl bound." "What dastardly coIdncss I" cried Bu pert. "An unexpected gate into fortune was placed before him," said Winter," " and the temptation proved too great." '. Well, well!" said the uncle. * I suppose he reasoned that girls were as plenty as blackberries in July, and fortunes as scarce as Cherries in December; but give him all the grace you may, he should have managed not to break a young thing's heart. Did he make his fortune ?" *' I never heard," answered Winter. " I know nothing more about him, not even his name; the family never mentioned him again." " What a grim time they must have bad sending back the guests, feeding the wedding cake to the pigs aDd burning the bride's dress," exclaimed the ncole. I do not know what became of the wed ding drees," said Winter: " but the dress was net burned then, at all events ; it was left 03 it was, spread out in the great spare chamber, and quite forgoiten, while poor Grace was carried to her room unconscious. So far it is an old story; we often read ro mances founded on a false bridegroom; but this ends differently from any I have heard before. Grace lay in this insensible condi tion until the next day rt twilight, then she woke and asked naturally what time it was, and when told,murmured that it was strange' that her lover was so late. Florence, who was with her, tried to coothe her to sleep, but she was restless, and insisted upon get ting up, and, as usual, brooked no restraint, saying, *It is time to dress.' " She only partially dressed, however, motioning away the blue house dress she was in the habit of wearing, and looking im patiently around, her lister did not know for what; but as Gracn was soon quieted, Florence wrapped a ahawl about her sister and left her half dreaming in a great chair, while she went to tell the others of the change. '? She was detained a few moments, and on her return Grace was not in the room, nor was she to be found in the house. The poor girl, rousing again, end with the idea tbat the twilight warned her to be dressed for her bridal, had found her wedding clothes and arrayed herself in them even to the veil and to taking the bouquet which was withering in a vase. Then, with the thought struggling in her misty brain tbat something was wrong with her lover's delay, she left the house, un observed, to seek for him, and was found, near midnight, wandering in the' damp fields. " The end can easily be told; the exposure brought on a return of the fever from which she had suffered in her childhood, and this time she was its victim." '' Tbe victim of that scoundrel, you mean," interrupted Eupert. "A well told tale," exolaimed the ancle, j " but no ghost." ] "I am coming to it now," said Winter; " but you need not listen, of course." " I won't," said the uncle. " You can sleep-" <lI will." " There are few men," continued the host, " who, under suitable times and conditions, do not believe in ghosts." "I don't," said the uncle, who was still ; awake. i " There are ec-rne exceptions," pcrsced tbe narrator, .. but the majority of men are at times impressed with the Esnse of the super | natural. The country people say that after old Van Bensselser died, the younger portion of the family would not remain because tbe place was haunted by the presence of tbe poor young bride in her wedding robes. I cannot vouch fcr that; the brother with whom I transacted the business told me that there were too many ead associations for them to choose to live here; but it is said that old Van Esnsselaer, as he sat every evening where the general sits now, would never retire until he had seen the apparition of his daughter." '? He Bat up all night then, I venture," said the uncle. " I agree with you; it is strange what fables these empty country minds invent," observed Hamilton, striking match after match in an effort to light another cigar. Bupert eaid nothing; but he was, in vulgar J parienee, all ears. "I am no more superstitious than the rest," said Winter, " but I confess to a wish j to believe the story. There is something j touching in the thought cf tbe old man sit- ] tiiig by his mouldering fire, night after night, j and waiting far into the small hours for b | sight cf his darling. There was one guest thai told tbe story most coherently, and eaid j he caught sight of the lady. It seems that | he knew nothing of the habit cf bis host, and | as tbe old gentleman showed no signs of re- | tiring, and ensconced himself as if for a long | fireside gossip, the guest did likewise. Pob- i sibly tbe shade of the young bride was later tnan usual, or the stories of the ?ueei were tedious, for the head of Van Bensselaer dropped upon his breast, and be fell into a sound sleep. Tbe vir.itor sat mutely watch ing the embers, and half listening to tbe ligbt tread of footsteps that for some time be had tancied be heard on the walk. More and more distinctly they sounded, until ho clearly , caught the oliok of little boot heels turn 4he sweep of silk." Rupert, raising hie eyes at this point, met those of Hamilton fixed upon him, and knew that ha had heard the eame Gounde as him self. For some time past my friend had heard, through the muffling of tbe heavy cur tains, what might hare been footsteps on the little balcony that jutted from the aide windows. __" Tbe footsteps Continued for & long time," Winter was saying; " from the sound it seemed as if the person werfl walking around and around tbe house. Each time they paused & longer time under the window; but tbe old man still slept on, and at last the sound seemed to recede in a ditferent direction." Bupert relates that now Hamilton end himself distinctly heard a knocking on the window from the outside; it ceased and re turned at intervals, but seemed clear to their strained hearing, although Winter, engrossed by his story, and tbe uncle, half asleep in his chair, did not notice it. "The guest could endure inaction no longer," said the nnconecions Winter. "Bashing to tbe window, he flung up the shade. Tbere was a faint moon." " 'Tis the ivy tapping," muttered Hamil ton. _ By the light of the moon he could dis tinguish the receding form of a woman vanishing across the snow in a drees and veil as white as it, and leaving no prints be hind her. As he stood almost paralysed, he perceived that Van VecsBelaer had come up behind him, and was watching the last misty outlines of the figure with an expression not of fear, but of grief and tenderness." " Knock !" very plainly now. Two knocks. A pause, then, " Knock, knock, knock !" three times, the sound somewhat deadened by the curtains, but certainly on the outside of the lower window panes. Winter was roused by it. " Wbat was that 7" he demanded. No one answered him, not even the knock ing ; there was dead silence-a silence, Bupert says, even more uncomfortable than the sounds. Who or what was on the bal cony, and what was happening in the still ness ?" " It was the wind, after all," said Winter, finally, with a deep breath ; but even as he spoke there came another faint sound, what like they could not telL The uncle, who had been half asleep, opened his eyes. " What is the matter with you, boys ?" he said, peevishly. "For my part, I never heard such a tissue of non-" He stopped, for the window was thrown violently open from the outside, and the cur tain swept: away as though by the cold wind that rushed in. And there, to the fearful eyes of the group inside, and against the black back ground of the night, appeared the white form of a woman. The lamps flared in the sudden access of air, and plainly showed afigure clad in the drees of a bride, though never bride was seen as pale as she. A veil of misty lace shaded her hair and died in the shadow, and her dress -was like the snow cn the coping of the window; but her face, tbe face of the miniature, was whiter than either, and seemed utterly without life; the head thrown back, the eyes closed and / the beautiful, colorleBB lips half open. Her . small hands were elenohed on the window ledge as if to keep her from falling, and she swayed to and fro as if blown by the wind. The four men started to their feet and stood spell bound. Winter Bec-med dazed ; the general was behind him, his hair on end ; and from Hamilton, pale as the lady herself, broke a sharp cry. "Grace 1" he said. "Grace I Grace! Grace!" As for my friend, alter one second he cleared the space between him and the window at a bound, and had tbe form of the ghost in his arms. " Do you not see who it is ?" he cried, as he lifted her o?er the sill and brought her to the fire. " It is Mjbb Ellsler, and she has fainted." " Miss Ellsler!" exclaimed Winter. " What could ehe be doing out there ?" A question that Rupert could answer no bettef than the others, and he was too busily engaged in restoring his lovely ghost to think, at present, any further. He had placed his burden in the chair of her grand father, but still supported her head on his shoulder, while he shafed her hands and pushed the air back from ber temples; in deed, I have my suspicions that the boy, in the confusion of the moment, carried his re storatives still further while that fair face lay turned toward him on his breast, and Winter and Hamilton sought frantically for water and spirits. As for the uncle, after a careful survey of the lady he came to a half conclusion that it might be Miss Elisler; but he closed the window tightly, and saw that this time it was thoroughly barred. It was some time before Miss Alice revived sufficiently to give an account of her pre sence, but when she did the explanation was simple enough. Mrs. Winter and Edith had lingered in her room until quite late, and after tbey had left, Alice, advancing to the window, saw that the moon was ris ing with beautiful effect over tbe snowy hiils. Tbe better to enjoy it, she had thrown a lace scarf over her head, and stepped npon the small balcony upon which her windows opened, as tbe library windows did cpon a similar balcony. She cicBed the window behind ber, lest the night air should chill ber room, and, when attempting to return, found to her alarm that the window fastened with an old- fashioned spring when closed, and could only be opened from the in side, Her situation was a gloomy one; there appeared to be no release from spending the i night on the balcony, unprotected from the cold, and with no companion save the chaste Diana. Suddenly, however, she caught the glimmer of light from the library windows, whicb were next her own, and she knew that the men had not yet retired. The thought struck her that if she could get from her own upon the library balcony, she might bs let iu through tbe library window. ? ithsome danger, and more difficulty, she at last accomplished this, but seemed unable to make the men aware of her presence. They were some distance from the window, the curtains were of the heaviest, and her strength was so fast failing her that she could barely summon force to tap upon the panes. For a moment, Alios said, she thought ehe lost; conBoiousness, then, roising, gathered all her powers and made a last desperate at tempt to raise the sash herself. In this she proved successful, as the window fastened merely with an ordinary bolt, which had net yet been secured. From thst moment ehe knew no more. "No wonder you fancied me a ghost," said Alice, with a faint smile, as she took her emerald locket from tbe table and prepared to withdraw;" I. suppose you had been hear ing the etory of my poor aunt." "Ghosts 1 Nonsense, child!" said the uncle, who had quite recovered himself. The next rcornicg Hamilton did not ap pear at breakfast, and Winter said that ur . gent business had called the Westerner i away. After the meal, his host took Bupert [ aside for a moment. j "Did ycu notice," he said, "that tbere I was tbe place for another miniature within i the emerald locket ?" | I " Yes," Eaid Bupert. j | It was originally filled by the picture of I j Miss Van Bensselaer's lover," said Winter, j | " but was destroyed before the locitet came j | into Miss Eilsler's possession. Now if we I could see that painting, whoEe face do you j suppose it would represent ?" I " I cannot guess," replied Bupert. | "That of Hamilton," eaid Winter, gravely. | "I was sure cf it last night,.by observing his ] manner when Misb Ellsler appeared, and his 1 departure this morning confirms it." ! This is all Bupert has told me, bat I there is another part of tbe etory which I j guess. 