THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR ! HEADS. "I wonD give a million dollars for a stomach,_nosald a wealthy-Amorican recently. No"a mollion 'deltarsn (£200,000l ii? deal of money. but he was notable to buy the article even at that price?' - HM r. Thomas Gaskin. of'No; 3 Poplar Row. Darley Abbey, oear Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardiner, but he was ready enough to give.all he d.for.ono_ thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and ho shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Oaskin goes on o say: "Up'to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work-through sickness. Ini December, 1882, =whilst" living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my. appetite fellaway, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad-taste in myn moath, which'wou'ld fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I. often had to remove it with my fingers. "fy chest ned to fillup' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yel lowish-green phlegm. I had a rackiog cough; end would cough and straini, 'till I bled at nooe. and the blood' rushed 'out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. .. I then went as-an 'ot-patient to the -?ttinghiam Hospital, ind' after attending there for.rixt.monthis was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about. and my friends said that it was all' up with me: For eightieenmonths I' kept. getting better, then worse, and at last the' dlectors recommendcd me to try a change of air. So I came to. Darley Abbey and my eormer master coave tte an indoor recommen dation tothe Derbyshire Infirmary;-Derby. I foond; howeoer,., that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor: and also two' doctors at Derby. The first. one said, ', You ARE IN A GALLOPING" CON SUMPTroN; AND JtUgr DIE ;'the other doctors: after sounding my lungs and: chest, SAID NOTHINGO, nC? SHOOK THElR HEADS, "Getting a trifle bettedr my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ;' and some 'days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few'days.l'.1 hinge weno on like this ntil'. December, 1980, when Icasight cold,'got very short pf breath, and broke down com pletely. .1 was always coughing and spitting. up ph!egm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and WAS AFRAID TO 00 TO RLEEP FOR FEAR THE PHLEGM WOULD CROKE ME. At this time the whites'of,.my eyes turned yel-t low, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips" and'month..were..dry_ ar.d..parched, .and.. I. often broke out into a cold clammy sweat., My tongue.was like a piece of brown leather. and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to getupfor a few hours ata time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few' yards. 'I was. always tired and weary, and sitting or lying. was never at ease and got no real rest. Too, weak to read I often sat for boors looking it: miy hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise and the children at play quite uopet me. "The dotor: kept on attending me, but heacid ' I cAN Do You NO 000D ; I CA ONLY PATCH TOU- cP,: BEAUSE YOUR LUNGS ARE D.CEA?E?. I then.gave over taking his "mediecne and tried everythidg I could hear of. Onie thing was a cough cure from Lon don thai cos 22e. a bottle. "But nothing did any good, and my friends who came toseeo' me said, 'WELL YOU WOhN COUGH MUCHu LONG.R, YOU HAVE MERELY TO PREPARE FOR ANOTHtR WORLD. "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham. who'worksa in the paper mills at Darloy Abbey, said to; me,' Tom, DID YOU EVER TrY OTRo?gE SnEaEL'S SBRUP ?' andtold m?e howv he'had ! been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine that I sent my iwife =to. Derby and got a battle, frem'Imr.'Sniith'a Stores in Victoria street. After the: first'dos 'I had cam evacuation black, as. ink.. and vomited.r Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke.- After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, and in a few days' more I able to go out for as ortwalk. By the end of a fortniht I went trioee my omaster, who asked what had wrought the improvement:' ied I told him; as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. - Icommenced work at once, and have never lost a day's wtrk since. 'r In giving his consent to the publicetion of this remarkablo- statement, .Mr. "Gaskin requests us to refer all dohubters to him or toi Mr. Keetley, Head Gardiner, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. lanskn has lived at Darley Abbey for years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which heruffered? NOT OLtocPIn- eOencOUMrrTeO, CERTAINLY (AS OEE rToTE DOCTORS THOUGHTr) OR' se WOULD ?dVE GALLOrPED ItTr) HIt cKAVE IN.LoSS THAN THREE slONTHR, instead. of growing worse for seven years. His com plaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia for gastric atarrh), which has 'lung symp tome' like nonssmpticnU,:'for which it is sot often ignorantly mistaken; and wrongly: treated. '-Wen the" right- remedy.B Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, the disease yielded, as all diseases-cf the digestive tract do yield' to.thlat'magnifilentpreparatioa. We hear lily mcpgralutoe Mr. OGaskl n on his recovery,. and commiend tihe facs!of his case to all thioking people: :: 