Convlet Days inVan Dicman's Land- No. 8. ; " SMUGGLEBS' Ci Y»»" The two men were greatly excited, and Chapman nearly dropped into the water in- stead of the boat. Aa they sat for a few moment! listening, they oould hear the murmur - of voioeB, but oould not see the -speakers. Then ail was silent lor several minutes, and the two watchers began to feel apprenensive tbat tney bad lost tnose iney were! pursuing. It was a strange soene. The rooking boat, with tho two eager men, floating under the frowning cliffs of the ghost-haunted isle ; the voioes, whioh they knew were human, bat .whose possessors were -as invisible as though they wore the fabled oap of darkness.; the swelling sea with its myriade of phosphorescent gleams, and the deathly silence broken now and again by the boom of the Bea in one of the blow holes, sonnding like the angnished moan of a lost spirt, was terribly impres sive. Beooming impatient, the officer and his companion palled roand the rooks, bat they had riot proceeded a hundred yards, when Chapman, looking hack, gave a ory of sur prise whioh attraoted bis oomrade's atten tion. Glanoing in the same direction, the yonng man distinctly saw a boat making away from the spot thoy had waited at, under the overhanging ledge of rock. The skiff wae catting through the water at a rapid rate, and making for the open sea. " They have given us the Blip, and are going back to Hobart Town, I suppose," spoke Trenoh. " I am too tired to follow them, and I suggest we go to tho gaol." " Yes, that is the best we can do. I will see Mr. Eyre, and get farther instructions. I will ask his authority to arrest Fenfold on the charge of being an escaped convict. If we don't take deoisive measures we will lose him altogether," replied Chapman. It was daylight when they reached Fort Arthnr prison, and as soon as possible they saw the superintendent and gave him an ao- oount of Fenfold's movements and his mid night visit to the iale. " Go back to towo, Chapman, and I will give yon a letter to the ohiei of police, asking him to arreBt l'enfold on the oharge of .being an esoaped conviot. Meanwhile, I will take a boat party to where yon followed him last night, and we will Bearch for the hidiDg-place be must have there," Eyre answered. An hour afterwards the superintendent, with Trenoh and several other men In two small boats, were pulling towards the islet, The lieutenent had.no difficulty in showing the exact plaoe they had heard the sound of voices, and in also pointing out where the gleam ot light had ehone, as Chapman had placed a mark, near it. Eyre himself olambered on the ledge of rock, and eoon reached the small crovice in the rook, lie eonld see nothing, bat on dropping a stone down it a hollow sonnd answered baok, whioh showed that it did not lead directly into the water. Returning to the boat, he instructed both crews to make the most exhaustive Boarch among the blow holes and crevices which abonnded. They spent nearly an hoar at the work without sucaesB, when the practised eye of the super intendent caught sight oi a large stone, whioh partly blocked np the end of a deep gnliet in the faoe of the cliff. The stone Becmed to have something artificial about it. "Where it joined on the main body the jnnoture was quite apparent, instead of being covered with marine incrustations. The obannel of the gullet. was wide enongh to permit the entrance of a fairly sized boat, while it waB of unknown depth. Ordering the orew to pull into it, he oritically examined the rock, and waB quite convinoed it had recently been removed. With an effort he tried to stir it, bat it re mained firm. He was pressing against it from the top at first, but gradnally he tried it from other, points, and he had soarcely tonobed the right-hand side, when it swnng back as easily almost as a door, revealing the continuation of the obannel. An alter ez- aminaiion showed that the stone really worked on a rough pivot artificallycontrivod, and that very great labor must have been in volved in the task of fitting it. Feeling now that they were on the eve of . a disoovery of the island mystery, the party waited impatiently until the second boat had been despatched to the gaol for lights, which had not been brought. These were soon goti and with them the party essayed the task of exploring the ooean cave. It turned to the west a few yards inside the etone, and pro ceeded for abont fifty feet, getting broader and higher bb they advanced. Suddenly it ended in a magnificent rook-chamber, where the wator ran out on a tiny sandy beach. Much surprised, the party stepped out and found the floor eloped upwards until it was fifteen feet above sea level, and then it branched off in numerous small chambers or paeEagee. In most of tbese the signs of human habitation were everywhere visible. One of the best, which was the bedroom of the aave occupant, was comfortably inrnished and in another a large nnmber of casks were, stored. The superintendent examined these, and to his astonishment found them to osn- tain rum, gin, brandy, and whisky, whilst several oases of tobaoco were also in the oavern. Evidently smuggling was being carried on, but by whom or how managed was a mystery to him. The occupant (for only one bed oonld be found) : was evidently fond of reading, and mast surely be extremely vain, as quite a nnmber of looking-glasses of all shapes and sizes were found, and the books and pacers were nnmcrons for tbeBe timca. After a rigid search, and finding nothing more of oonBeqaence, the superintendent de cided to leave Lieutenant Trench in charge of tho cave with three soldiers, and he gave moit emphatic orders that the contraband articles should not be touched. After calling in the second boat be departed, leaving the firet in the cavern in caee Trenoh should require it. That evening, after Bend ing word to the Ilobart Town authorities, \- he decided to pay a second visit to tho oavern and take provisions for its little garri son. When ho reached the great chamber the boat was etill moored there," but no response was given to his repeated signals. J3y heaven," ho exclaimed, " it these fellows have broached the spirits I will make an example of them." Jumping out, he walked np the slope of the first chamber, ' and ahead of him the place was in darkness, and, irrilnted at what he conceived was gross neglect on the part of the guard, he walked quickly in the direction of the storeroom. He was ncaring it, when in the gloom he stumbled against something and almost fell. The lights coming up he eaw it was the; prostrate body of one of the men, and oris look was sufficient to show that he was riot sleeping hut dead. Startled at this discovery, the men at once searched further, and at tlie door of the spirit . room they lound the dead .body of Lieutenant | Trench. The mystery was soon expUined, for lying in a drunken elCep, with a broached keg of whisky besido them, were the reriiairi- ing two. soldierH, Flynn and 0,-mond. . It- subsequently" transpired that after . Eyre's party left the soldicra.decided to have some of the spirits, and asked the young officer's permission; whioh he -peremptorily"' ririaBod. They were determined to have it, and toid him so ; but lie threatened to snoot the first man .that tried to /ent/r .tho spirit cavern/, Placing himself at the door to carry uut his threat,- he did ; not think , the ' men would "proceed - to./4 jt.'Cfi'.es, but tli?y/ did.- The three were making a: rush at -him/ when he fired dnd killed one.(Biitler), but the iHXtviriomcnt/iic; himself /fell dead; shot by I.e. remaining two. ; These, men/got at the drink, arid -though they meant to take tho. bo/ 1 and esoipo/'tbey became overpowered: by !tiic potent ;Hpirit«>,' and were found : 113 :'ile/crili"t'/ - Thi'y. were iitsrwards banced at H.tbarr.Towny : Superintendent Eyre was muoh grieved over tho tragedy that bad occurred in the cave, not only for .the loss of a promising young officer, but also because he had now only one witness to the visit of Greevee and Fanfold to the iekt, and, without donbt, to the cavern. Three days afterwards he received intel ligence that Fenfold had been found as a stowaway on board the Argns, and, nnder circumstances which left no donbt that one of the officers or men had connived at his at tempted free passage. . Chapman strongly urged the authorities to arrest Greeves, but as there was no direct oharge againEt him, they refused to do so, Tho efforts of the Super intendent and his men against Penfold would most probably not have secured a conviction against him either, had it not been for an accidental disoovery,. whioh cleared op more than one mystery. The attempt to connect Fenfold with the escaped eonviat of six years previously broke down utterly. In the first place, he insisted that his name was Tregurtha, and the man who heard him oallod Penfold waB dead, and in appearanoe he did not resemble the missing felon. As snowing a weak point in tho convict management, the description of "No. 128'.)" had been given in 1811, nearly twenty- four years previonaly, and it oertainly did not correspond with the old grey-headed Tregnrtba ; yet he was kept under arrest while enquiries were made, regarding the contraband spirits and tobacoo tonnd in the oavern . Chapman took a leading part in the in vestigation, but the more he enquired, the more puzzled he became. He could not in any way connect Tregurtha with the affair,. He found that his prisoner had owned a comfortable farm at New Norfolk some three years previonaly, when he had sold it for a considerable amount, and it was by merest acoident he stumbled on the trnth. In the eastern end of Hobart Town was an hotel, of bad repnte, called the " Live and Let Live Inn." It wae the resort 'of very questionable characters, but its owner was understood to b9 rapidly amassing a fortnne, so that the business must have been luoura- tive. Chapman wae passing this public-house one afternoon, when he Baw Officer Greeves coming out of it. He was surprised at this, as the plaoe was not resorted to by " ofiioers and gentlemen." With the instinct of the born deteotive he ecented a discovery, and crossing the road, be carelessly strolled, into the hotel. The bar was filled with rough- looking fellows, and as Chapman called for hie drink he critically surveyed first the ocoupantB and then the appurtenances of the bar. There was a number of bottles around, but most of the drink was being served out of small aasks, whioh stood ori a Bmall bench. These fixed the. detective's eyes, and he began to wonder where he had seen Bimilar ones. His memory wsb soon refreshed. 1 1 was in the fatal cavern of Daadman's Isle. His interest, which was at firet snddenly aroused by this diecovery, scon abated, as he reflected that there were probably thousands : of casks Bimilar to thoBe in the cave. Yet, as be thonght, it again occorrcd to him that smuggling would not be carried on unlesB there was a market for the contraband articles, and the only merket thereabouts was Hobart Town'. The truth flashed on him. The midnight visit to the cave was for the purpose of obtaining a supply for sale in the town. This decided him, and he west to the chief of police and acquainted him with his suspicions. Specimens of the articles found in the cave were in that func tionary's office, and lie decided to send a polite message to Duncan McLeod, owner of the Live and Let Live Hotel, that be wished to see him. That person was considerably troubled when he got the message, for he thought he was about to receive a warning abont the charaoter of hie house ; but as be dared not diBoboy it, he was soon in the presence of the chief and Chapman. The offioer came down on him like a thunderbolt. . " 1 want the name of the party or parties from whom yon bnyyonr emnggled drink and tobacco 7" was his abrupt question. McLeod turned a sickly green, and seemed too embarrassed to answer. "Let me tell you, McLeod, that if you ere wise yon will answer. . If yon do so you will not be punished, but if not you will be ar rested as an accomplice of the smugglere. Look here," he went on, lifting up a curtain and revealing the articles taken from the cave, " we already have made the seizure, and have our hand on the map, but he sayr you are the principal, and gave us informa tion that induced me to send a man to your hotel, where he saw the smuggled drink in the kegs. We don't believe that you are the principal." " Why, the hound," burst out McLeod, " I never smuggled a drop ; I only bought it from him, and gave him a good price, too. I can prove 1 never did, and there is some officer from the Argus mixed up in it, as he visited the bouse to-day, and asked for tho money I owe Tregurtha. He told me enough to make me give it to him." " How long have yon been getting the liquor from Tregartha 7" asked Chapman. "More than four years," Tbat evening Second-officer Greeves was' oonBidorably astonished at being arrested on a oharge of defrauding His Majesty's revenue, and gradually the whole Btrange story leaked but as evidence was aooumulated. The de tails of the trial would not be very interest ing, ao that a short sketch will be more ac ceptable. It appears that Greeves was formerly a. seaman with Fenfold, under Captain Tre-. mayne, when the iBtter wbb sentenoed to lifo transportation for the attempted mritiny/ He gradually worked himself up in his pro fession until in 1827 he was third officer on board the Argus. This vessel was sent to Dobart Town, and, finding his old mate and warm friend l'enfold was still alive in the Ilobart Town prison, be deeided to release him if possible. / Tho smuggling spirit was otrong in him, and he had on board a quantity of. contra band liqucr. McLsod was a turnkey in the gaol, and by judicious bribery be effeoted Penfola's eecape. Two days previously. Greeves, with a party of pleasnre-soekcre, had been on a visit to Daadman's Island, and Greeves, noticing the cavern, which did not then have the pivot stone in front/de cided it would bo a good hiding-place for the convict. , ./'--:/ ' lluying a email boat, he brought Fenfold to it, and 00 exploration the cavern was found to hi a good retreat. Here the. smuggled driuk was brought, cud 'Greeves kept /up a. supply of it to his accomplice on Deadman's" Isle, who, in disgriiee, disposed 'of, it in Hobart Town/ and the two were rapidly makiug a fortnne. Fenfold had Btudied optics, and by the means of glasses lie was able to 'produce the ghost on thecliff in order to frighten off intruders, but it had thn effeot:r of leading to his capture./ / 4 Toe trial resulted in Greeves receiving five years' imprisonment, anil l'enfold bring sent back to' his life !spryitude. . A year later these two men finally escapo! under extraordinary, circumstances," whioh wiUL be detailed in a future Cbroniclr. ' / ; / , / « " V, Z The )iistoryvof 'these two men proves' that natural brain- power and forco of 'character /will assert themselves, no, matter Jn ..what ciillicnlt circamnarices they may be placed." / litre was Fun! old— a.; obained and : well-: guarded felon— who. , found - means , .on /-two, successive occasions to- Of cape, the vigilance, of -his glial ds, and finally escape altogether j. ahboiigh it iuay well bo ; understood that-, hie wae much moro qiarefully watobed after his rc-captorc than lie wbb before. =.//.. : And tlion Ihc-ro was Greeves, a man of .no ciVixitiori. wbo bad worked himself up: from: 'tho lowest rung of the. seafaring. .ladder, and 'had; attained .a .position of responsibility,; arid aim jf i»|ly contrived to escape With his. friend.:: in spile of .almqot. insuperableVdiffi-r cullies; ' ' '.I. 