THE CONTRIBUTOR. BUDDHISM—THE STATE RELIGION ,OF CEYLON. fB? W. Roby Fletcher, M.A.] No. 1.—INTRODUCTORY. I intend in a short series of papers to give a brief sketch of "Buddhism, with illustrations ' fathered chiefly from Ceylon. Some four or ye years ago I treated the same subject , from thestandpoint of a traveller in India. I had : not then been favoured with the opportunity of. seeing the famous historio remains in the remote inferior of Ceylon. I had not pene trated further than -Sandy, where the visitor . looks with amused. wonder rather - than intelligent sympathy, upon the. fantastic .and npisy oddities, of the worship . of the sacred tooth of Buddha. Buddhism is an Indian religion, bnt it exists no longer in • India. It iB a banished creed. - Orthodox Brahminism crushed it out of all recognition 900 years ago. If it will beunderstood it must be studied where it still lives and still moulds the lives of men. One may get information . about a man's form and physical Btruotnre from piecing together the bones dug up from cemetery vaults, but such relics are powerless to tell us what his smile was like, or whether he was ever angry, or what opinion he held on everyday themes. _ Moreover, Buddhism is a fashionable study in these days. It has seoured a graceful and gifted poet in the person of Sir Edwin Arnold. It lias migrated into Europe and America. It has settled itself as a visitor who says he means to stay, among the drawing roomB of New York and London. It has even come to these oolonies. It professes to be a claimant for the religious faith and reverence of practical Australians. It has taken to itself a modem philosophical dress, and aims at proving itself the grand eclectio system of the world and the true mediator between theism and atheism, between materialism and faith, between Chriationity and all other forms of religious thought. Buddhism is therefore among the ourrent forces of to-day, and what ever will assist in making its origin and history more intelligible is of some worth. I do not pretend n any sense to be au original thinker on these and kindred schemes. I am not a Pali or a Sanscrit scholar. Z am, like my readers, a searcher after truth, and if I can either give or receive help in this search by writing these papers I shall be oontent. Before, however, touomng upon more abstruse themes I will try to introduce my readers to the Island of -Ceylon, which is the ecclesiastical centre of southern Buddhism, and its capital city, Colombo. "ceylon's isle." Uolomoo, tne capital ot ueyiun, nas cuiua ' into the .possession of a carious heritage of privilege. The development of modern travel has made it the "Chatham Junction" of the world. Into no port is there such a constant influx of passenger steamers as that which flows through the harbour of this upBtart city. Thousands of people from every country under the sun land there every week, and after a few hours, or at most two or three days on shore, ^o on their way to England or China, to Aus tralia or India. The reoolleotionB that they carry away with them are mostly of having had a.peep at a delicious dreamland, where the floral beauty of the world is at its finest, and where Oriental quaintness runs riot. If a traveller from Australia has the good fortune to catch his first sight of Ceylon when the weather is fine he will never forget it. It looks, even from the deck of a steamer, a veritable Paradise,^ with its rich lowlands baoked by a range of lofty mountains. The fringe of shore line is adorned with millions of palm-trees, which suggest a steamy, lazy climate, but the peaks beyond, whioh mingle with theolouds, promise a cooler region, where perhaps even a roaring fire may be welcomed. Among these peaks, rising like a mighty spire into the mists, is to be seen one named after our great forefather, "Adam's Peak," and this reminds us atoaoe that Ceylon has been deemed so fair that it has been thought worthy of being the original Paradise which was "planted eastward in Eden." If scepticism should suggest that Adam had not learned the art of boatbuilding, and so oould not hare ■sent his children thence to people the rest of the world, tradition will remind us how the ■chain of islets whioh connect Ceylon with India is still called " Adam's Bridge," and will insist upon it that no country in all the world oan compete with thiB cne for Edenlike love liness and suitable beauty. Most of the thousands of visitors see nothing of Geylon except the streets and gardens of Colombo. They land, look in at the " Grand Oriental," get a carriage and drive round the cinamon gardens, lose their temper over the begears and curiositymongers, take refuge for an hour in the Museum, then, .getting into the train, go and lunch at Mount Laviuia, and return to their quarters on board ship ready to set sail next day. Others may prefer to visit the cative quarters, and have a peep at the venerable old Dutoh Churches, or the Hindoo temple, or the quaint houBe of Buddhist worship, or perhaps may seek to learn something of the missionary work which is <being carried on in thiB busy city. If the steamer be delayed for two days then an opportunity is given for a trip up into the higher lands to the mediaeval his toric city oi Handy, famous at once for its exquisite scenery, its Botanioal GardenB, and as containing the temple where is enBhrined the most famous Buddhist relio in the whole world—the eye tooth of Gautama Buddha himself. a LAND OF ROMANCE. Few travellers are_ aware how much more than all this there is to be seen in Ceylon, that for those who will go further afield there are in store wild gorges, magnificent water falls, strange rook temples, immense irrigation works, and the ruins of two citieB, one of which was as large as London, and the other not much smaller. The hillsides are covered with tea estates, the gardens are adorned with chincona and coeoa-treeB, the jungle is one mass of floral splendor and alive with novel forms of animal life and voeal with novel cries. Every hilltop has its legend, every valley can tell its Btory of stirring his toric events, every grove has its traditions of uncanny ghosts or kindly spirits. Its smaller caves have been peopled with monks of the yellow robe, its caverns turned into houses of worship, and its rocky peaks have been sanctified by fantastio but very holy events which claim the enthusiastic reverence and affection of thousands of pilgrims. It is in very deed the land of romanoe. Hindoos, Mohammedans, and Buddhists all look upon it as the home of their quaintest traditions—a place which either charms them because of its oelestial beauty, or appals them because it is haunted by devils. It was the home of the monster Ravanna, where he im prisoned the ohaste and beautiful Sita. It was the site of the great battles of Kama and Hamuman as they went in search of that banished queen. It was sanctified by primeval worship on its high places long before hiBtory tells ub any taleB. It is still for a large por tion of the human race the legendary seat of the lost Paradise of our first parents, and, by a curious and natural ooinoidenoe it is still thought to be haunted by the prince of the air and his subservient ghosts, and is therefore deemed a land of terrible dangers. When 'I was in the north of India I had many curious illustrations of the strange repu tation that attaches to Ceylon. I had been reading in the Hamayana the adventures of Rama and Bits, and in a freak of inquisitive mischief I said to a village schoolmaster one day, "Tell these children that I have been to Lanka, where Bavanna lived." He smiled, and interpreted my remark. It was xeoeived by most with absolute lnoredulity. They thought I was making sport of them. They could hot be lieve^ that, ioonld have actually^ been to that delicious land of nnoanniness, and'have come away without having had my head out off. .It was true I was sitting there before them in ,the flesh, and they-evidently .thought there wasa mistake somewhere, or. else that I was bewitohed, and eo was proof- against all -the . wiles of the devil. The people in Southern India have long got over this unreasoning awe, and pass and repass from the mainland to the island in a.constant stream.. In fact. Ceylon . has been a favourite hunting-ground fur Tamil adventurers for the last 1,800 years, and a large part of tha present population Srofess the religion • and speak the roguage, not of Ceylon but of India. The real defects of the Cingalese type of character are by no moanB of the awful demonic sorb which they bear in ancient legends. The people are of a mild order, and have never been able to hold their own against the suc cessive invasions of stronger races, which have poured into their tempting country. Temples to Siva, the Hindu deity, ate thus to be seen side by side with,temples to Buddha, and Adam's Peak, the most famous of the sacred sites in the island, is visited by crowds of pil grims who follow^ the rival standards of Mohammed, of Brahma, and of Gautama, each claiming a right to the exclusive possession of its holy features. GENERAL SURVEY. Before attempting to describe in detail any of the notable places in Ceylon it will be well to take a general survey of the island.^ It is about the eize of Ireland or of Tasmania, but in shape it is like a pear. As it is famouB for its pearl fisheries it has naturally beenoom pared to a "pearl pendent on the ear of India." It is very mountainous in the southern or thicker half, but the northern part is au undulating jungle plain, where all the twelve months of the year vie with each other as to whioh is the hottest. The mountain region is very grand, abounding in rugged beauty, a land of cascades and dells and forests and caves. The air is cool and bracing, and ofttimes the visitor will imagine himself back in Scotland or Switzerland as he comes home to his hotel or his bungalow, drenched with mist, and glad to pile on the logs to make the blaze crackle up the chimney of an ample fireplace. The rainfall on the mountains is abundant, and falls more or leBs all the year through, though at the time when the south west monsoon bursts it reaches a maximum. These uplands, which are thus drenched with squalls, are the home of the tea and coffee plants, to which they took kindly on their first introduction, and are a favourite refuge for European residents when wearied of the moist monotonous climate of the lowlands. A railway now winds its way up past Kandy almost to Nucrra-Eliya, and there, more than 6,000 feet above the sea, is to be found a cluster of English homes and English gardens, with familiar fruit-trees and homely vegetables in abundance and English children playing about, gathering roses into their cheeks as well as in their hands. SHE MAHAWANSO. The history of Oeylon is very tangled, but is intensely interesting. Unlike India, this little island has a reliable story to tell of many changes and terrible struggles. The Hindoos seem to .be utterly devoid of the true historio faculty, and confound all anoient dates in a kaleidoscopic haze. They have no sense cf the perspective of events in time. 'It is not so, however, with the people cf Ceylon. Like the ancient Hebrews the Kings of Ceylon had their State Chroniclers, and each succeeding editor added bis chapter of contemporary history. Thus the story of the ups and downs of politics kept growing like one of the native palm-trees, each age being built upon that wbiob went before it. This wonderful chruniole is very old, but its discovery is quite modern. The writing was executed, like all the sacred books, on long strips of .palm, leaves or tbin plates of metal, strung together by a oord. It was in the Pali language, whioh is akin to Sanscrit, but was unknown to modern scholars. It was suspected that vast treasures ef literature were concealed in those curious volumes, but no one had turned up who had either the learning or the .patience, or both, to raise those dead writings into the living vooal present. But at last the man appeared who was wanted. He was an English Civil servant, whose name was Tumour, and he was in charge of the Adam's Peak district about sixty years agq, that is in 1826. He was fired with inquisitive ness to explore this unknown mine cf literary wealth. He bad a hard battle tc fight, for he was a pioneer. He tells us that the work was so utterly neglected and for gotten that he never met with one man who bad ever read, much less studied it. He published a translation of part of it in 1837 in Colombo, but the learned world thought he was acting-the part of Chaitertoa and befooling them. His book won its way, however, and is now counted among the trophies of the world's literary heroes. It is called the " Hahawanso, or the Genealogy of the Great," and begins the history of Ceylon in B.C. 541, when Buddh-x was alive m India, but long before he had been heard of in other lands ; when the Jews were smarting under the captivity, when Rome was a email village, and when old England was nowhere. Tumour died before he had finished more than half his task, but the Government of Ceylon has had it completed, and the entire work was published in 1889. HISTORIC ODDITIES. From this history we learn some very curious and most unexpected things. In it we read how Ceylon was first conquered by the Cingalese; how they founded a great oity, which was called the " pura" or capital of Anuradha the Prince; how there came mis sionaries from India preaching the doctrines of Buddha; how the King and the people were converted; bow diverse and great wonders were wrought; how the great oity grew and grew and became more and more holy; how mifrtihr vam Viinlti fliAM. riuallintr mighty "dagobas" were built there, rivalling in size tbe Pyramids of Egypt; how temples and palaceB and monastries and aaared lakes were constructed; and last, but not least, how there were brought to Ceylon in a fashion wonderful to narrate two trea sures worth more than all the gems underneath Adam's Peak, or all the pearls in a million oyster- shellB—the one was the eye-tooth of the Great Buddha himself, and the other a branch of the sacred Bo-tree in India, sitting under which Gautama the man became Buddha the sublime. This tooth is tbe palladium of all glory, sacred and politioal, and is deemed by the credulous to be the same that now rests in its jewelled casket in Kandy. This tree, venerable, gnarled and twisted, but petted, bedizened, and fed with milk, flourishes to-day green and beautiful amid the ruins of the once mighty City of Anuradha—the oldest historic tree in tbe whole world; the centre of southern Buddhism. Of these singular trea sures I shall have more to say in future papers. TEE STATE BELIGION OF CETLON. It ie my intention in these sketches to speak more especially of the religions of Ceylon, or rather- -to' describe some of' the soenes and places in the island from the standpoint of onewhose interest in the new and unexpected forinB of worship that one meets with there, has been sharpened by sympathy and reading, and .also by 'noting the heroia efforts of missionary brethren to bring among these dreamy islanders the more solid blessings of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. The religion of Ceylon is Buddhism. The adherents of other forms of faith are to be found there, but they are all "dissenters" as it were -from the'(established1 creed. Even in' the streets of Oolombo the yellow-robed Buddhist monk may be met at early morning, as he goes from house to house begging for'his daily dole of rice, which he puts into a great "coarse bowl which he carries under his dress. Convents of Such monks are scattered all over the island, sheltered in the' queerest and most unexpected nooke among the rocks, or hidden in the deep glades of-the jungle. Borne of these monks are mere youths, and many of them are deplorably ignorant, but there are knots of learned devotees here and there who pride themselves on their libraries, and deem themselves the leaders of a faith which they believe iB destined to oonvert the whole world, and even to eclipse the milder glories of Chris tianity, At Kandy is what may be oalled the Cathedral of Buddhism, but just as London outweighs Canterbury in ecclesiastical Eng land, eo Colombo is undermining the sacred authority of the mountain city, and is drawing its eocial influences to a new centre. At Eandy is the great shrine of the llalaga, where day by day, to the 'sound of tom-toms and horns, the saints are called upon to bring their floral offerings to Buddha. At the extreme Bummit of Adam's Peak is a footprint of Buddha himself, which, like the sacred tooth, commands all the more fervent devotion beoauBe huge enough to have Stted the person of a giant some 30 or 40 ft. high. On the rock of Mihintale is a vene rated cluster of shrines which, like the ruins of Ioua in Scotland, are sacred because they have to do with the early dawnings of the religious history of the Cingalese. In a rocky cave which few ever visit it is said that a Buddhist Saint, like St. Jercine in the cave of Bethlehem, translated the story of Buddha into the language of the people, and filled three "pitakas" or baskets with the eacred fragments of his teachings. While at Anaradhapura exists, as I have already said, the venerable old tree, which quivers inces santly with nervous agitation over the honour able destiny that has been assigned it. TOLERATION. Nowhere in the world can the inquisi tive enquirer find a better or a purer form of Buddhism than in Ceylon, and nowhere can he so easily gain access to its ceremonies and its kindly priestB. Buddhism, unlike Hinduism, iB not an exclusive religion. In a mild way it invites attention. It aims at expansion. It does not oIobb the door upon Etrangers as unwelcome intruders. In India the temples would all be shut close against the polluting approach of an infidel outcast Christian if the Brahmins could but have their will. In the native State of Travan core, where the Brahmins are all-power ful, there is not a single temple which a white man can enter without raising a riot and evoking a ruinously expen sive prooesB to wash away the defilement. In BuddhiBt countries this, however, is not so. When in Sikkim I stood by the al tar while the devotees set their praying wheels revolving, and I even induced the wife of a priest to make a praying flag for me. I was invited to see all . I could of the tiny temples on the hills near Darjiling, and in Ceylon I found the same freedom of aocess. The monks bad no hesitation in showing me their Bhrines and their treasures, they even allowed me to penetrate into the dark dens hollowed out of the rocks in whioh they slept; they were delighted to draw forth their precious silver and copper books from their hiding-places; they would gather fresh cocoauuts for us from the overhanging palm trees as we sat on the steps of a shrine, and I even brought away with me as a trophy a yellow robe which a young priest gave me, and also a begging bowl, both made saored and dirty by much usage. What they would not do was to allow me to see the aatual "tooth" itself, or pluck for me a leaf from a holy Bo-tree. The spirit of Brabminism is a proud exclusiveneBS ; the spirit of Buddhism is kindly brotherliness. Brabminism has no hand of mercy or even of reoognitiontoextend to any outsider. Buddhism is pervaded by a great pity for the woes of humanity, -and, in its own cold and joyless fashion, tries-to offer a gospel of comfort to all mankind. Though olothed in extraordinary garments of fantastic nonsense it is much nearer to the religion of Christ than itB rival ia -the temples of India, simply because it is a missionary religion, Its message is, however, of suoh a character that a Western mind finds much difficulty in understanding it, and still more in believing and welcoming it. It is a religion whose god is an impersonal law, whose prophet as asleep, and whoBe heaven is a painless and ijoyless unconsciousness. In such a religion -true penitence has no place, forgiveness is <neither asked for nor desired, prayer is but a vain repetition of charms, and sslf is taught ■ tc seek its extinction in a slumber to which there oaa never be any awakening dawn. If there be any resemblance between Christianity and -Buddhism it is only superficial, for the two systems are radically antagonistic, and as for that modern religion of which we have heard so-much of late, called Theosaphy, it is not Buddhism in any proper sense of the term. It is an ecclectic atheism which is opposed in spirit both to the teachings of Buddha and stilliBsore of Christ. It tries to make an ally of theformer system, but againstChristianity it deolares irreconcilable war. Christianity stands opposed to both in being a religion of life, not of death, based upon faith in a living, saving, redeeming God, not upon the cola hope of escaping the due rewards of our deeds by losing our sense of personality in an endlesc sleep. I 