THE PLAYGOER i Special Oup Attractions* Walker, London at tbe Bijou. Faust Up to Date at the Princess. Meg, Tlie Castaway at the Royal. Success of the Alabama Troupe at the Opera. CURRENT PLEASURES. Return of tbe Gaiety Burlesque Co. to the Princess. Walker, London , an un mistakable Lit at the Biiou. Fitz gerald's Circus in City again. Tbe Maggie Moore Company at the Theatre Royal. New Comedy Company at the Alexandra. Mixed to-night. Special Cup attractions at tbe Waxworks. Cy cloramas, Music Halls. (By Qniz.) STAGE GOSSIP; FROM AMONG THE PLAYERS. A sister to Belle Bilton (Lady Dunlo), has been engaged by Coppin for the Royal Panto. ' Quiz.' is engaged writing a new far cical comedy to be entitled Tennyson Cole, Melbourne. Tbe Bijou success, Walker, London , will nave to take a back seat then. Before Pollard took to training talented ' Kids ' for the Operatic stage, He used to be called Mitchell ; which is his common or street name. Maggie Moore's billing of M.E.G. around the town, looks like a huge M.C.C. (Melbourne Cricket Club) advt. Little wonder George Fortescue, tbe burly ' Murkan' comedian, keeps up hie ?'condition' — £30 a week, and from a music hall doesn't savor much of depres sion. All tbe Gaiety girls, not forgetting Teddy Lonnen, Harry Musgrove, and others arrived in town yesterday afternoon. Will be on view at Flemington to day, and Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday next. Spool's scenery in Walker, London ?'The Wild Duck,' on tlie bank of tbe Thames for a call, proved a Dead Bird on Saturday. Tennyson Cole's success as a vocalist in the future should be assured — a wife desertion case. What beautiful luck some men have to be sure. Dot Boucicault plays 'W.G.' in Walker, London in that charmingly youthful man ner, of which lie alone is mas'.er. When a party gets into a scrape in the Old Country, and is anxious that hie iden tity and place of abode should remain un discovered, he invariably gives his name and address as 'Walker, London.' Hence the title of Barrie'B amusing farce now being played at the Bijou. Some fair dame graced the front row of the Bijou circle on Wednesday nigbt — dressed. Well, even Eve herself would have blushed had she been present. After all, as Jasper Phipps would say, ?' Oh, it's nothing.' Sydney Grundy's charming little play, Jn Honor Bound once again has given Mrs Brough and George Titheradge opportuni ties, whilst Barria's new play, Walker, London , gives the whole contingent of tbe , two B's opportunities which they never before had, whilst Spong — well, it's ques tionable whether Spong has ever done anything better. Don't miss Walker , London. Miss Bella Bashall, who is at present making the hair of the Sydney dude stand on end through her dancing of the 'Serpentine Dance,' was originally in dented by the lamented Walton-Shine Burlesque Company, a combination which 'shone' for about 10 nights, Bella is a good hurleequer, and was to have taken leading lady, is an .all-right vocalist and an excellec i dansucse. ' The Serpentine Dance' is none other than a picture of the , antics of a eirl with a fly fi'. her stocking. M#Jbourne.ltwi!}3Pp..it;5 pantomime titfiee. -?»*' K : ' ' Bjllie (Pear's Soap) Barlow, is at pre sent singing at three London Music Halls nightly. Billy by the way, never tires of telling her friends of the ' tempt ing offers ' she received to remain in Australia. Glad we are she never accepted tkem, ' ain't ' we just. The benefit tendered Mis3 Marian Willis by amateurs, in tlie Hibernian Ball, Mon day night last, proved an artistic suceess, but a frightful financial frost, or in other words, a standing disgrace to the clubs interested. An actress of Miss Willis' reputation cannot afford to allow her name to be associated with a 'benefit' (save the mark,) eveiy day in the week, and when a party of well- meaning enthusiastic ama teurs band together and .tender a benefit, the very least they could do, was to do their best. If in this instance, their beBt they did, well all I can &ay; is, 'Lord SDare Miss Willis from her amateur friends in tbe future,' Our old time friend, Jimmy Moore, we are pleased to see is to watch the front of the Royal, during the Maggie Moore season. To see Jimmy pacing the vesti bule once again, will remind us of the day, that uBed to was. What Jimmy doesn't know (as they say in the classics), ain't up to much — that's in the theatrical line of course. Fitzgerald Circus, billed greater than ever (thanks to. Hendy), ia advertised to start a few days clearing sale, or rather farewell appearance, prior to their return to Sydney. Place of location. Top end of Swanston-street. *r_. t %r r» ? ? ___.il ? -£ TTr_77.._. ! 1 sax c7 « iu. oarne, auiuur uj. waucer, London , is but 32 years of age, graduated at the Edinburgh University, then dipped into journalism, became assistant chief of The Nottingham Journal, contributing also to several London journals, princi pally St. James ' Gazette, wrote ' When a Man's Single,' and now the man of the hour. Barries' 'When a Man's Single,' is a delightful tale, woven out of the simplest material, using merely his journalistic experiences; with the only possible result, it is the most genial picture of Press life ever published. mi 1 ? e a| ? * * ? 1 ? J- me cmei xueaineai cvbui uu 1™ Racing Season, will be the re-appearance of Geo. Musgrove's Gaiety Burlesque Company, who will once again show their lights in this city at tbe Princess this Derby night. Since this last appearance at the Opera House, the company have been appearing with enormous success at tbe Brisbane Boyal, and tbe Sydney, 'Her Majesty '6,' which spacious resort, by the wttyj iucv uiicu iv lue uuu*o cvcij tlie week, for an extended season. Faust Up to Date is to be the draw, and is sure to be well placed in the estimation of the public as a Cup favourite. At the Bijou Mister Brough and Mister Boucicault will continue to produce their latest and greatest success— in tbe farcical line, Walker, London, the piece is inten sely amusing, has caught on well, and must fill the Bijou for some time to come. Tlie Royal is to he re- opened, thanks to Miss Maggie Moore, who will appear for the first time in Meg, The Castaway, sup- , ported by an admirable stock company, which includes many people of standing. Meg has been recently staged in the City of churches — Adelaide, and if the praise I ,'f K„ «l,„ ln„ol I be swallowed as a criterion, then Meg will prove an all right success. 'Quiz,' at least, hopes so, for Maggie is an old and great favourite, and will at leas; deserve success. The Alabama Minstrels enter upon their j third week ol popularity at the Opera this j evening, and will signalise the event, by an entire change in the programme. Prosperity is theirs, what more do they { want ? ! The Alexandra affairs have been rather ' mixed ' of late, what with the Booth- 1 man — Stark management, then the late lamented Greenwood fiasco, the prover bial ' Ghost,' has been pretty much sought oflet ; however, this evening pro mises a change in the tide of affairs, for the combination that George Carey has brought together for a season of comedy is deserving of support, and will doubt less—at popular prices receive its deserts. 'Three Hats' or 'Mixed.,' is to he the opening production. The smaller resorts have arranged special attractions for thecoming week. Phil Stuart ha6 ' Parvo Lacey, the Glass blowers, Deeming in wax, and numerous other good things all worth the price of entree themselves. The Cogills at St. George's, and Dan Tracey at the Gaiety boom ; whilst Billin makes frantic at- 1 temptBto keep—' the out of the way hall, 1 the other side of Swanston-street ' open, but is failing miserably, tbe same must fail and for certain, its loss will not be ? TT« 1 uiuuiucu. u.o, li a, ua. At the Princess last evening — like a beautiful dream, there passed away our talented young friends, the Pollard Lili putiaa Opera Company, For tbe past fortnight, the y6uthful 'Howard Vernon's Violet Varleys and Flora Graupners,' have been electrifying the folks of the Marvell ous, though their remarkably clever representations of such popular works as Gilbert and Sullivan's Gondoliers, then Mascotte, abounding ab it doen, in music i of a veiy high quality, and scenes of the broadest comedy, end finally The Mikado , ail were . treated in n paanner, that .artists of years of Standing. Tlie principals headed by that true comedian, Master Alf, Stevens, then Master Harry Qtiealy, and the Misses Everett, Beatty, Wilson, Mitchell, Casseil, Russell, and others, are alt deserving of unstinted praise, likewise their tutor, Mr Tom Pollard, who may well feel proud of the very high standard attained by tbe members of his .company generally. 'Quiz ' is pleased to place on record, that their Princess season has proved — both an artistic and financial success, which brings me -0 tbe question, why should these young folks waste their sweetness in the Provinces? There will be at least two down town houses empty a iter *t£ie carnival, why not treat us tq another Litiputian season of a longer duration than the one which they have so success fully closed— Pollard think on't. 