SAYINGS ADD DOINGS, The Rev. Arthur Bell Nicholis, widower of Ciiarlotto Bronte, married again soma time after his first wife's death. He now lives in King's County, Ireland, and some times preaches. He never talks of bis early romuncc. The Columbus postage stamps to bo used throughout the United States next year will bo a very unusual oblong shape. In order to give room for tho emblematic de signs the Btuinps will be twice the length of tho present series. Lord Roscbery's chronic insomnia, from all accounts, is increasing instead of de creasing, and as ho is a particularly con scientious worker, it is generally considered that his control of Foreign Affairs will not now continue long. Indeed, tho official cotorie is already discussing who is to suc ceed Lord Rosebcry at tho Foreign Olfice. Bagshot Park, which is only 12 miles from Windsor Castle, was formerly the residence of some of the Kings of Englnud, and served as a hunting seal to James I., Charles I. ar.d George IV., and there is a lictlo tavern there called the Fighting Cocks, whore tho Prince Regent of leu saw lmlf a dozen roosters fight to death -on a Sunday morning before breakfast. Of tho more important native Princes of Indtt, the Gaekwar of Baroda is second on the list as regards wealth, though lie only governs about 8500 square miles of country, while the Maharaja of Cashmere governs nearly 90, (Kit) square miles. Still, lie gots a revenue equal to about £1,500,400 per annum from a population of 2,41S,0G0 peoplo. Tho Emperor of Austria used to bo a great ally of the Prince of Wules, and was one of the few crowned heads of Europe with who:n the- Prince could feel really at home— which he never does with the Czar and the German Emperor. Tho Austrian Emperor is neither so stiff nnd formal in manner nor such a terriblo stickler for the dignity und importance of royalty, nor so fond of uniform. Give him a soft hat and a penny smoke and he is contented. Angus is nothing if not superstitious both as a hill-man and as a fisherman. He couldn't get ashore tho other day in a dense fog, and was gloriously uncertain of his whereabouts and of his soundings. " Breathe a prayer, mon ! " he commanded his mate, who promptly grovels, praying at the bottom of tho boat. But suddenly they touch land, and Angus rouses his frieud with a kick. " Hout, mon ! We're ashore 1 Ye needn't be lay in' yoursolf under any further obleogation 1" A good story is going tho. rounds concern ing the preliminary examinations of pupils at tho Guildhall School of Music. A youug and pretty girl presented herself, iand modestly asked tho highly-respected prin cipal whether tho ordeal could not bo dealt with by the lady superintendent. It was then Sir Joseph Baruby's task to explain to tho blushing damsel that tho much-feared "examination" was not a medical affair, but was merely one in the elements of music, in order to determine in which class she should be placed. Magistrates and town councils in Scot land, ou entering on a new yonr of duty, usually attend church together :— Dr. Muir, who was onco lurking the corporation, said in his prayer, " Lord have mercy upon the magistrates of Glasgow, such as they are. Make tliom wiser and better." When the town clerk called t-o say that the magistrates were much aggrieved at being prayed for in such a fashion, the answer was instant : "Dr. Muir's compliments to the Lord Provost, and he is very sorry to find that his prayer has not boon answered." I cannot resist, soys "The Linkman," adding my version to . tho now celebrated "Timbuctoo" controversy in tho Times. Tho verses have been familiar to me over since I was a schoolboy, but tho last line I have always hoard given different from any of those which have yat appeared. The verse, as I have heard it, ran :— " If I were a Cassowary, : Oil tho plains of Timbuctoo, I would eat tholmissionaiy, His hilt, his boqts, and hymn-book, too." Tennysc-n carefully arranged all I113 corre spondence aud papers, a few years ago, when he destroyed a groat mass of letters and many manuscripts.' He was alarmed by reading Mr. Fronde's various volumes about Cariyle, feeling apprehensive that his own literary remaiiis might fall into the hands of some injudicious editor, so he burnt everything which ho regarded as unfit for publication. His son, who is to be his biographer, has tho most ample materials forjtho work at Aldworth and at Farring- ford- Tho London Sunday Times (which ap pears to have prospered exceedingly under tho editorship of Mr. Arthur a'Buckett) celebrated its 70th anniversary on October 23\. This publication was ihc first to adopt tho leaderette, which has since become so popular ; it was ono of the earliest news papers to use illustrations anil tho first journal to embody a novel within its pages, and these novels wore written by such men as Harrison Ainsworth and G. P. R. James. It is extraordinary to discover how many eminent lmnds of the past and the present have been represented iu its columns. It is interesting to learn tbat in 1851 Lord Campbell wrote of tho future leader of tho Conservatives : — " Disraeli is tho rising man, A few years ago ho was an attorney's clerk ; now I10 is tho leader of landed intorest, and, for anything I know, the Jew boy may cut out the heir of the Stanleys, and, perhaps, oven ono day be Primo Minister himself on high Tory prin ciples, after having been a violent Radical, and having boxed tho political compass round and round.. Ho is the pleusantest speaker to listen to now living, and becomes rather a favorite with tho House." Tennyson's " fine taste" in port wine has been much mentioned, but, as a matter of fact, his " taste" in that department was peculiar. Ho liked a glass or two of poyt very much indeed, but the beverago which he preferred was not a rare vintage wine, but rather tho sort of " fruity" stuff which is derisively doscribodas " publicans' port." 'If a bottle of '51 had beon placed before Tennyson, along with a bottle of ordinary wino from the nearest grocer or publican, he would have chosen the latter. In thiB matter ho resembled Sir Walter Scott, who would always have preferred a glass of whisky-toddy to the very choicest vintages, of port or ciaret. Tho highest valued diamond in the world is in possession of the Braganza family. It is said to bo worth £3,G98,000, and the next most valuable crystal (barring the Koh-i- Noor) is the ono for which Count Orloffgavo £104,160, and presented in 1772 to Empress Catherine II. of Russia. Among the Crown jewels of Russia is an Oriental diamond callod the sceptre, which is of the size of a pigeon's egg, and woighs 779 carats. It was formerly tho eyo of a Brah- miuical idol, wbenco it was stolen by a French dragoon, and, after pass ing through Boveral hands, was purchased by the Empress Catherine for £90,000 and an anaujly of £4000. A correspondent sends tho following well-meant warning from Chicago: — "Tell such of your readers as intend coming to the Chicago Exhibition to bo 011 their guard against a olass of roughs — called in this country ' toughs ' — who prowl at night at the corners of streets, and will 'sandbag' ono — that is, knock one senseless with a blow from a bag filled with sand— for tho smallest coin. Chicago is now the rendezvous and focus of all tho rascality of tho new world, and I have no doubt a fair share of tho old will be also well represented in duo course. TI10 railway crossings in tho streots are also another great source of danger to strangere. On an averaga about thr«o persona are killed daily by tho trains. Nobody minds, nobody cares. Thoy want the dollar, that is all," America can boast of many men who, despite tho fearful affliction of blindness, havo mado tiicmsclvc3 not only valuable citizens, but wealthy men. Among tho last is ono of tho most important shipbuilders, who not only conducts an immense business, but has designed tho swiftest torpedo boat aB yet introduced. A blind Milwaukoo editor conducts bis paper aud dictates tho editorials day by day, though now past threescore ycara and ten. A blind hoBpital doctor iB another example of wonderful per severance, as, too, nro a blind astronomer and a wealthy farmer, whilo in tho lower ranks, from which perhaps useful sugges tion can he made to English firms, aro to be found blind pianoforte tuners, who fulfil their duties to perfection. A wonderful record, and a scarcoly less wonderful moral for those of us who uro ever lamenting that fate is against us. Father Olirwalder thus describes the Malidi : — "His outward appuurunco was strangely fascinating; lie was a nmn of strong constitution, very durk complexion, and his face always wore a pleasant smile, to which ho had by long practice accus tomed himself. Under this smile gleamed a set of singularly whito teeth, and between the two upper middle ones was a V-shaped space, which in the Soudan is a sign that the owner will be lucky. His mode of con versation, too, had by training become ex ceptionally pleasant and sweet. As a mes senger of God, ho pretended to bo in dircat communion witli tho Deity. AH orders which lie gavo were supposed to como to him by inspiration, and it hocamc' therefore a sin to refuse to obey him. Disobodicnco to the .Mahdi's order wus tantamount to resistance to the will of God." Kaiser Wilhelm is, as is woll-known, blessed with an excellent appetite, and after a hard day's hunting he enjoys a good, sub stantia), plain meal more than all the arts of French cookery. When his Majesty was on a recent hunting expedition with Count Dohna in Ptoeckelwitz, ho found himself at mid-day consumed with hunger and three miles away from tho luncheon baskets. Ho usltod his companion anxiously if thcrn wcro nothing at all eatable in tho neighborhood, aud the Count re- niembored that thero was a small farm not far away, which news tho Kaiser heard with great delight, Leaving tho wood, the two gentlemen hastened to tho farm, where the good woman of tho house told them that sho had unfortunatoly only milk, bread, butter, und wurst to sot before them. " Miik, bread and butter with wurst !" ex claimed his Majesty," "why, that is a meal fit to set before a king 1" and he sot to with such a will that soon all tho dishes were empty, and he told tho gnod woman that ho hud never in all his life enjoyed a meal so much. The Archduke Ferdinand d'Esto, who is the heir to the Austrian Empire, and tho sou of the Emperor's brother, the Archduke diaries, is about to set forth ou a journey around the world, and tho rumor is that tho real object of his tour is to discover tho whereabouts or ascertain tho fate of his mis sing kinsman, Archduke John. The direc tion of the Archduke's journey, and, indeed, all his plana therefor, indicate that lie is about to search for the wanderer, and an other notable fact is that, from tho Emperor down, tho Hapsburg family has never ceased to manifest the strongest possible interest in and anxiety regarding tho fate of tho voluntary exile. Every despatch concerning him lias been read and re-read; and not infrequently travellers from South America linve been invited to tho palace und plied with eager questions. Somo years ago John rendered himself very objectiouublo to the Emperor by his outspoken criticisms of military affairs. H'o was deprived of his army rank, and in disgust threw up all his offices, sank his title of Archduke and loft the country. He has nover since been heard of, An old American actor, indulging in reminiscences of comrades in buskins, tells us of one whoso strong language when oxcited onco gave rise to an embarrassing situation at Windsor " It was moro than 30 years ago. He was in a company that had been invited — ' commanded,' in the iingo of Royalty— to play at tho Castle before tho Queen. The hall used for theatrical performances was a small one, and tho dressing-rooms were so near the stage that almost every word that was spoken in a loud tone could ba heard in front. It was ono of ShakcBpearo's tragedies, or historical plays, that they were to perform that night, and it wa3 a whim of Her Majesty's that they should bo dressed in tho old armor that belongs to tho castle. An armorer, who was expert in putting on the old breast-plates and helmets, was sent behind the scenes to wait on the company, and his hammer could be heard clinking now and thon on a piece of Bteel, when suddenly old D.'s voice was heard distinctly audible to the peoplo in front : " Where the blazes is that infernal blacksmith, to tighten up these dashed nuts?" The Quccu looked things unutter able. Here are two excellent stories. Tho first was told Dr. Boyd by Mr, Froudo, It is of a young Oxford undcrgraduato, a contem porary of his own, who, while being ex amined in Paley's "Evidences," wus asked if lie could mention any inslaueo of the Divine goodness which ho hud found out for himself. " Yes," was tho answer. "Tho conformation of the nose of a bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that it can hang on to the hull nnd yet breathe freoly, 'But for this it would soon havo to lot go." The other anecdote was told tho writer (A.IC.H.B.) when on a visit to Glnmis Castle. It appears that somo years ago "un excellent dignitary, who was alwayH collecting money for ohureh-building, had just gone to bed, when of a sudden the ghost appeared : apparently a Strath- moro of some generation back. With great presence of mind tho clergyman took the first word. Addressing the ghost, ho said he was most anxious to raiso money for a church ho was erecting; that ho had a -bad cold and could not well got out of bed ; but that his col lecting-book was on his drcssing-tablo, and ho would bo extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon this tho ghost vamshod, and has never como back any more," Feasts in Norway must bo pleasant affairs. People sit where they like, anil generally place themselvos beside those to whom they can talk freely. The chit-chat is thorcforo extremely sociablo and often becomes gene ral. Very fine French wines aro handed round to unlooso tongues. Each timo tho bottle ciraulateB a health is given standing. Tho ladies como out wonderfully at dinner parties, and have glibber tongues and higher spirits than their reposeful, quiet manners on other occasions might lead one to expect. They become lively, romping flirts, and aro allowed to tako tho load in flirtation. Nothing can bo moro hospitable than a Nor wegian house at which a wedding, or somo other occasion for festivity, goes forward. The table is too liberally served for one used to a Parisian cuisine, and reminds ono of tho monu at, say, a rich Now England farmhouse 011 Thanksgiving Day. Dishes appear, each of which a couplo of servants can hardly bear, and that after soup rich with force meat balls, fish, fowl, ham and other edibles not less substantial. Tho health of tho hostess is tho signal for the feast to end. She and her husband load tho way to tho drawing-room, the gentlemon guests bowing low, standing back closo to tho wall to let them mako a cir cuit of tho tuble. The host shakes hands all round, and tho hand of tho hostess is kissed by every gentleman in a Sir Charles GrundiBon manner. Music, cards, conver sation, and often dancing, follow the dinner, and, after goes of punch and delicatessen, a supper winds up tho festivity. Nobody topes deeply. Tho solemn etiquette which is part of tho health drinking keeps tho wino frorp going round too often, and it is counted discreditable to swill onoscli with punch. 