Race Meetings. Biosebill Racing Club. Fibst Dat. Satttedat, Novemdee 5. The November meeting of the Rosehill Club was successfully inaugurated on Saturday, when despite the absence of a large eection of the sporting community consequent on the V.E.C. -Spring reunion, the attendance was very fair. The special train service was conducted without the slightest hitch, and the journeys to and from the rendez vous were speedily accomplished. Visitors, bow ever, experienced a foretaste of summer weather, for, though the sunshine was not powerful, the atmosphere was close and trying. With their usual forethought the management had prepared to a cer tain extent for weather contingencies, by providing a consignment of Japanese fans, one of which was presented to each lady on entering the grand stand enclosure, and as a printed legend on each article reminded its possessor that the re union would be continued on Wednesday next, utility and information were happily combined. It is almost' superfluous to descant on the floral beauties of the grandstand reserve ; suffice to say that the wealth of choice roses in bloom, supple mented by a grand display of other seasonable flowers, fully justifies the name of ihs popular tryst- - ing place. The track was in splendid condition, and the other appointments left nothing to be desired. The intervals between the races were rendered en joyable by the musical melange supplied by the band of.tiie Third Regiment, under the able guidance of the bandmaster, Mr. G. O'Shea. In the catering department the wants of visitors had been' fully anticipated ; and the general arrangements were ably conducted underthe supervision of the secretary, Mr. G. B. Rowley. . The boll opened with the Maiden Hurdle Race, for which 11 were stripped, and on the strength of his resent form at .Newcastle, the sopweight, Patrician, was backed down to even money. Stam pede cnt out the work until half a mile from home, when Coghill got on terms, and the favourite began to improve his position. Rounding the bend the favourite cut down his horses and entered the home stretch' with the question apparently settled. He was half a dozen lengths clear as he neared the last obstacle: but he ran down the hurdle, and striking the wing, which felL he kept going, and was first past the post His number was foisted on the semaphore ; but the stewards dis qualified him for running round the obstacle, and the stakes were awarded to Coghill. The Rosehill Stakes attracted a field or 16, and Oxenham had a host of friends, who backed him down to 3 to 1, while Neto., Cannon, and Lockstitch had each a strong following. The favourite never Appeared prominent in the fray, and after Lock stitch, Bets, Roseteaf, and Amber Queen had forced the running KQmore put in bis claim at the dis tancejTana just managed to score a head victory from Beta; while Victor Hugo, who with the thump ing weight of lOst 71b, made a bold bid for the stake. Backers were more succetsrol in their selection for . the Handicap Selling Race, for Freetrade, who assumed command, at the fire -furlong post, held it to the finish. A useful field of 14 competed in the Welter Handicap, and Princess had the call in the market. Spyglass soon got to the front, and cut out the pace to a merry tune to the distance, where the favourite and Slomach joined the, front division, and a grea race home ensued, ending in a dead heat between Spyglass and Slomach, while the favourite was only beaten by a head. The owners of Spyglass ana Slomach 'agreed to divide, the stake. A dozen youngsters faced the flag for the Sapling Stakes, and Lullaby, a full brother to the game little mare The Gift, and who was made favourite, won easily from Pearl Powder, a handsome filly by Trenton. The scratching pen was very busy with the candi dates for the Parramatta Handicap, and out of 15 numbered on the card, only half a dozen were saddled up. . Rushjight carried most money ; but Bpinicion was stauchly supported at the quoted price. Rush light set the pace for nearly half the journey, when Epiuicion took charge of affairs, and waB never afterwards headed. The details of the sport ore appended: — Maiden Hubdlb Back, a handicap of 50 sova., for fill horses which have never -won a hurdle racs attune of starting, 2 miles.— Mr. A. Shearaby jib br g Cogbill, by Hoodee— Miss Livingstone, C years, 9st 31b (Death). 1; Mr. H. Dargin's ch g Stampede, aged, 9st 31b (Buckley), 2. Other starters : Patrician, lOst 91b (M'Mahcn) ; Music, 9st7lb (J. Bruce); Waratah, 9st7lb (C. JMurphy); l-al- calmah, 93t 7lb (Kinsman) ; King Quail, 9st 5lb (Phoenix) ; St. Hero, 9st 5lb (Potter) ; Buitrfgi, 9st 81b (Ikmhey) ; ZiDgara, 9st 3lb (Barrett) ; The Spade, 9st (G. Williams. Betting- : Even money on Patrician, 7 to 2 v. Coghill, 7 to 1 .v. Music, 10 to 1 others. Eurolgi and Music were the first to move, but ?when fairly on the road Stampede dashed to the front, followed by King Guau, Music, Tfte Spade, Coghill, and Waratah. Still forcing the pace, Stampedo carried on the running round the bend and to the stand, where be was six lengths clear from King Qiuiil, after whom, four lengths a-a-ay, came The Spade, ilusic, Waratali, and Coghill, with Eurolgi and tit. Hero last. There was no change in the positions of the leading division until they reached, the e)x furlongs post, where Music joined Stampede, and a length away came Coghill, and four lengths from him succeeded the favourite, while the others were beaten off. The leading pair kept together as they rounded the bend, where the favourite came very fast, and turned into the straight with a length's ad vantage from Coghill, Stampede, and Music. When fairi y on the road for home the favourite bad a lead ot half a dozen lengths, but he ran down the last obstacle, and knocking down the wing, came along and passed the post by a couple of lengths clear from Coghill, who was a length in front of Stampede. Music vraa fourth, and was succeeded by Dalcalmah', King Quail. The Spade, Wnratah, Eurolgi, and St! Hero in tbat order. Tiinc, 3 minutes 55jj seconds. Boseuill Stakes, a handicap of 100 sovs., second horse 10 sovs. from the prize, 6 furlongs.— Mr. H. Herbert's b or br h Kilmore, by-3Joldsbrough— Kilmaay, 5 years, 7ut 91b (Garland), 1 ; Mr. 8. E. Kennedy ns ch m Beta, 4 yeans. 6st 9Ib (Stevenson), 2 ; ~llr. W. Kclso'e gr h Victor Hugo, 5 years, 10.-t 7lb (Kelso), 3. Other starters : O.ten ham. 9st (Leadbeater) ; The Swell, Sat lllb (Warden); Neta, 8st 3lb (Gallagher) ; Cannon, 7st lllb (M'Farlane) ; Dutch Hoe, 7st Sib (Conloni ; latonia, 7st 7lb (Anderson) ; Amber Queen, 7st 71b (Egan) ; Veao, 7st 31b (McCarthy) ; Vangiuve, 6st lllb CWhatham) ; Blue Blood, 6st lllb (Bosenberg) ; Eoseleaf, 6st 7lb {F. Fielder); Lockstitch. 6it Tib (Tiemey). Betting : 3 to 1 v. Osenham, 4 to 1 v. Neta, 5 to 1 v. Cannon and Lockstitch, 7 to 1 v. KBrnwe, 8 to 1 v. Victor Hugo, 10 to 1 v. others. From a straggling start Victor Hugo was the first to show, followed by Amber Queen and Cannon, but when a furlong . was covered Ambar Queen took command, -with Lockstitch, Itoieleaf, Beta, and Cannon in close attendance, and so they raced to the bend, where Lockstitch was leading, -with Amber Queen, on her girtlm, and then canio Boseleaf, Beta and Neta. Lockstitch and Amber Queen turned the home corner on terms, with Beta, Boseleaf, Victor Hugo, Cannon, and Neta hard upon them. Lockstitch was leading by half a length from Amber Queen at the distance, irith Kiimore next on the inside, and then Beta and Victor Hugo. Beta got her head in front at the half distanee, but Kirmoie, finishing yeith great gamenesa, beat her by a head on the* post. Victor Hugo was third, BoBeleaf fourth, Lockstitch fifth, followed by Cannon, -while the last irere Vangrave and Latonia. Time, 1 minute 17 seconds. Handicap Sbixing Back of 7o sovs. The winner to be sold for 1 sor., 1 mile.— Mr. B. J.. Sweeney's b g Iree trade, by Crusader — Freedom, 5 years 7s* ?ib (H'Carihy), 1 ; Mi. X. Eamsliaw's clt g Kensington, 6 years, 7st 4Vb (JFarreU),2; Mr. W. Kelso'x br g Southerly Buster, aged, 7st lllb {Cook), 3. Other startera: Yallaroi, 8tt (Stevcn tson); Mfiangaxa.7st41bfTiemey); Cock ltobir, 7st (F. Fielder). Betting : 2 to 1 v. Wtjetrade. 3 to It. Ceek Bobin, 5 to 1 each v. Southerly Buster, Yallaroi, and Moan gara. Kensington and Freetrade were first to get going, out Meangara soon took cbarge-of affairs bom Freetrade, Kensington, and Yallaroi. Passing the six-furlong poist Meangara and Freetrade were lucked level two lengths in front of the others, and no they iaa for the next furlong. I'rectrade took command when balf a mile from home, was never . headed, and won by a short length from Kensington, who was a similar distance- in advance of Southerly Banter, and after the placed horses came Yallaroi, Cock Bobin, . and Meangara. Tune, 1 minute 45 seconds. Wkltbe Handicap of 00 sovs. lowest weight Sst, 6} furlongs.— Mr. S. Hordem's b m Spyglass, by Kobinson Crusoe— Telescope, 5 years, 9st lilb. (Knglish), + ; Mr. D. Eeanv. ns oh rn. Slomach, by Acr&bus;— Atulanta, aged, &t; lllb (Knight) + ; Mr. J. Hayo'a b in Princess, 4 yean, Sxt .Sib a (Phoenix), 3. Other starter* : Tall Boy,9t*91b (Gallagher) ; ? Moraine, Sst 7lb (Milne); Nnrara, Sut &U-; (Euan) ; Faber, Sst (Cooicn) ; Cavalier, 8sb lllb (U'Carthy) ;~ Moscow, 8st 91b (Pearee) : Mwsie, Sst 7lb (Cunningham) ; Frolic, 8st 7lb (Hawley) ; Cynthia, 8st 5lb (Potter; ; It&nian;, Sst 81b (F. Fielder); Jester, Sst Sib (Lawler). Betting : 2 tol v. Princess, 5 to 1 v. Spyglass, 7 to 1 each v. Cavalier, Kissie, and Iranian, 10 to 1 v. others. Narara was the first to break tlie line, wifh Slomach next, but when farly on tfio road Cavalier appeared at the front, with Spyglass, Frolic, and Moscow on close terms. In the next furlong Spytrlaes worked her -way to die front, and swept round the bend attended by Cavalier, Moscow, Frolic, and Cynthia. Spyglass turned into the straight a length to the good from Cavalier, Frolic, and Cynthia, bat, Hearing the distance, the favourite began to show pro minently in the centra, and Slomach. on the outside was coming very fast. Princess closed on Spyglass at the half distance, but could iiot get on terms, while Slomach. managed to get up in the last few strides, -and finished a dead beat. Princess wan a bead away, third, and then came Moscow, Iranian, and Nararn, with. Tall Boy acting as whipper-in. Time, 1 rainnte 25 seconds. Sapling Stakes of 70 sots., f or two yeara old, colts Sst 6lb, fiilie* and geldings Sst Sib, a winner to carry 101b extra, 5 forlongs.— Mr. G. D. Woods* be Lullaby, by Somnujj-Little Wanzer 2 yeare, &t; Sib (Gallagher), 1 ; Sir. T. Laxnond ns tor -f Pearl Powder, by O.'rertton— Maiden's Blush, 2 years, £st 21b (F. Fielder), 2; Mr. W. Baynor ns b c Colgoa, by Sardonyx — Lady .Exeter, 2 years, Sst 5lb (Egan), 3. Other Starters : King Clovis, by dan Stuart (imp.) — SwanWe, 8st 5lb (Durston) ; The Trier, by Trident— Lady Bird, list 51b (Conlon) ; TJabba, by Splendor— China Base, 8st 51b (Seilr) ; Clavertou, . by Goldsbrough— Teranga, Bat 6lb (M'Hugi) ; 8adur, by Oozo— Florrie, 8st 5U- (Delaacy); Wo&drons;, by Mar vellous— CaUer 'Ou, 8at 31b tBoyle); alie Meddler, by Trenton— Busybody, 8at 3lb (Humphries) ; HerryheHe, by Chddabjwugh— Happy Thought, Sst 3lb - (English) ; Can zonette, by Canzom (imp.)— Brenda, 8st 31b (Hawley). Betting: 2 to 1 v. Lullaby, 3 to 1 each v. Pearl Powder and Gulgoa, 7 to 1 v. Sadur, 10. to 1 v. others. The favourite and Pearl Powder were firet on their legs, and the latter, soon fo^g command, led the favourite oy ale&gUixiaatthe; half-mile post, with Claveiton aad Merry Belle next. Pearl Powder held her position until fairly in the steaigbt, where the fevouriba cut her down and wen easily br max lengths. Pearl Powder was a length in advance of Culgoa. after whom came ClaVdion, Ganzofiette, and Vabba, wbUe Wondrous and Sadnir were the last to get home. Time, 1 minute 6 Beconds. Pabbamatta Hakihcap of 76 fiovs., 1 mile and S fox longs.— Mr. W. Miller us ch h Epirucion, by Epigram Lady Betty, 6 years, 7et 91b (Seily), 1 ; Mr. J. MayoT8 br g Bashlight, aged, 8rit (M'Cartfay), S; Mr. H. Bennett** chg Fanx Pas, 4 years, Gst 7lb (F. Fielder), S. Other starters : Lancer, 8at41t-. irw**'/l*nz 7lb penalty (Barden) ; Zclendim, 7st 71b (FaxreDj ; Glengarry, 7tt 4tt- (Tiemey). Betting : 6 to 4 v. Kusoligii, S to 1 v. TZpSntoinn, 8 to 1 v. Lancer, 10 to 1 v. others. The signal was given to a good start, and Epinicion bad bin head in front far a few strides, but when passing the stand EashUghth*ld a Blight advantage of Epiniffiion «ndFanxP«s,-«riiowerealeiigtiitiifrontof the otiiertiiTee. Jtere wma no mirfyrial '-cnaageaa ttey raced along the river' side and to the 7-furlongs post, where y^»t|Miimi yrin«tfl BB'A1«cht. -w'1 **»*» p*^- y' «?«« 'Tigttm dear from Faux Pas awi Qieofaxtj, with Tj«mi«'' and 2elendiaalen£thoff. Passing Hie 6-*uricng» post ^piiii cion estabhshed a length's lead from the favourite, and a BiinOar dietanee eS ' came tbe other* fn a cluster, ana so they negotiated tie back stretch and saOod round the bead. Epmicion eatered the borne Btrotch in safety from Eusbligtrt and Faux Pas, and so they passed the judge's box; Kpinicioii winning easlb/ by three length*, a heck separating the second and third. Glengarry was fourth, Lancer next, and Zelendia last. Tune. 2 m junta* 27 seconds. £econd Dat, Wednesday, 9&. Kovembeb. The Eoeehill spring reunion, which commenced go auspiciously oa Saturday last, was continued and concluded ou the 9th, end formed a prominent feature of the Prince of Wales' Birthday celebrations. - The forenoon -was fine, though seasonably warm, aad continued bo np to 4 p.m.. when tho distant rumblings of thunder indicated the' approach of a heavy shower, which came down after tfce steeple chaee was decided, and caused a general raah for the ample shelter on and underneath the grand stand and other structures. The rain eased oft before the last race, and visitors were enabled to reach home without serious inconvenience. The special transit arrangements were equal to requirements, and the journeys to and from the course were accomplished in good time. The Bosebill management bad reason to be satisfied with the attendance, for the grand stand enclosure contained a very large and represen \- tative gathering, of which a liberal percentage . were of the gentler sex, each of whom was presented with a Japanese fan and a bouqnst of flowers on entering tfce reserve. The patrons of the Leger reserve also rolled op in ' strong force. There wae a fair muster on the flat, and altogether the attendance numbered over 7000 persons. The scene during the luncheon interval was mere suggestive of a monster picnic than a race - meeting-, for the summer-houses and other shady retreats within the spacious grounds were occupied by family parties provided with well-filled hampers, while the luncheon-rooms and tearooms were also ' well patronised. The members of the Oriental Silver Band, under the baton of Mr. J. C. Walker, occupied a position on the lawn, and con tributed to the general enjoyment by interpreting a well-selected programme of music with taste' and precision. The track was in excellent condition, and the racing was of an interesting character. Mr. Watson got his fields away on fair terms, and the only fine recorded during the afternoon was one of £10 against E. Huxley for disobedience at the post in the Birthday Handicap; while Mr. J. B. Olliffe as judge was fully equal to the exigencies of the situa tion. The general arrangements were ably super vised by Mr. G. B. Rowley, and were conducted throughout without the slightest friction. Speculation was pretty brisk on the opening event, the Hurdle Race, and Albert, with Nolan in the saddle, was made a continued, favourite, but was completely outpaced by Cascade, who Bhowed a decided return to form by the way in which ho gal loped everytliing at the finish. Ooidthorn was in great request for the GranviHe Stakes, and he won very cleverly from Plover. Odds were laid on Freetrade for the Auction Stakes, and never leaving the question ia doubt, he won with a deal to epare from Southerly Buster. Shamrock was elected favourite for the Birthday Handicap, but, although he ran a good colt, could only get third to Dan O'Connor and Ethelbert, and had the latter come sooner. he might have won. The Steeplechase brought about a pretty race, and after having been ridden very patiently by Death, Idle Boy disposed of all comers at the distance, and won easily. Tommy Ryan iell at the water jump, St. Hsrio ran off at the fourth fence, aud Clarence parted with Nolan when three furlongs from home, so that Idle Boy had an ca$y task to win from Artist and Bashmai:. Rushlight was in most request for the Stewards' Mile ; but although ho occupied a nice position nearly all tbe. way, he quite failed to stay it out, and Moscow, coining on at a great pace, won easily at the end from Stomach and Australian light. The following are the details' : — ?'''... r Hubdlb Etcn. a handicap of 70 sovs., S miles.— Mr. W. Kelso's b k Cascade, by Boodee, agei, list 101b {J. Mulry), 1 ; Mr. G. Barker ns b g Albert, aged, lCst3lb iNolun), 2 ; llessrs. Antbony Brothers' br g Siberian, aged, ll?t 5lb (Hurley), 3. Other starter* : Buckley, ll*t 71b (1'hreuix) ; Tourist, Sst Sib (Humphries); Music, Sst Sib (£ruce}; Violin, 9at 18lb, including Tib penalty - W. Lee) ; Coghiil, 9*£ 101b, including 71b penalty (Death) ; Tbe Spade, 9st (Waters). Betting: 3 to 1 v. Albert, 5 to 1 v. Violin, 6 to 1 ? v. Cascade, 7 to 1 enuh v. Buckley and Siberian, 10 to 1 v. acy other. When they settled down to business, Tourist ar.d Albert took upon themselves the responsibility of pace-maker.-:, and they made the running, followed by Cascade and Siberian. Eo they ran to the five-furlong* p ;k£, where Music gvt into the flist flight, but was still aughliy ia tb'e raw of tiie leadens who wero then closed upon by Cuscafe and Back ley. Cascade then joined Albert, and the pair turned tho home corner ?well dear from the others. After paswhig the distance Cascade sailed away aUsae, and -won easily by liva lengths, leaving: Albert to beat Siberian by two lenjrtlss and a half for msond place, find they were followed by Tourist Music, Violin, and Coghill. Time, 3 minutes 65 seconds. . Granyiixk Stjikks, a harrdicap of 50 bovs., for all horses that-have never won a prize of tbe value of 45 aovn. at time of starting, lj mile.— Mr. \V. Miller nsch c Goldtbom, by OoldBbroush— 'the Thom, 3 years, 7st tflb, m?l tiding 2lb over (Seily), 1 ; Mr. W. B. Hali'a b & Koycr, i years, Tst 7lb (M'Hug^i). 2 ; Mr. M. Rufb.'« b e Iranian, 3 year*, Tist 4lb (B. Welder), 8. ? Other Rtarters : Srolic, Tst 9lb (Trainor) ; Ebony, 7st 9lb (M'Cartliy) ; Hainaton; 7rt 4lb (Garland); Koyal Arch, 7et 3lb, induding 31b over (G. Parker). Betting: 6 to 4 en Qoldthorn, 5 -to 1 each v. Uoyal Arch and Hamilton, 10 to 1 v. others. After the flag, had gone down to a good start, Frolic and Iranian appeared at the front, end forced the running from Plover and Royal Arch. GoMthnm joined the leaders at the home turn, and shaking off Frolic, Iranian, and Koya) Arch, looked like winning, until Plover suddenly put in bis cloijn on the inside, Had looked all over a winner when 100 yards from home; but Gpldthoru came again with unquestionable gamencsi, and xtoa by half a length. Iranian was 10 lengths off, and vat followed by Hamilton, Koyal Arch, Ebony, and frolic. Time, t minutes 15 Beconds. Acctiox PtiTE of 70 bovs., ?weight far age, the -winner to be sold for 100 sovs., C f urlonga. ^-Mr. E.J.' (Sweeney's b g Freetrade, by Cruaider— Ireedom (nil), 5 vear.i, 6#t 1215 (E. ttough), 1 ; Mr. W. Kelao's br g Baa&sAy; B^wter (nil), aged, 6st 12lb (Cook), 2 ; Mr. C. T. Bobta-te us b g Manrice Cnil), 4 years, -3st lllb (P. Davis}, 8. OSher etarterT Marabo,7st5lb(0oBlon). BcttiDg :6to4onFreetrade, 2to 1 v. Harabo, 7 to 1 v. Southerly Bunts. Maurice and free trade raeed on close terms to tiie hmne turn, vbere the favourite came sway and won easily by more than a couple of lengths from Southerly Buster, who came -well at the end and heat Maurice by four lengths for eeeond place, with Marabo five lengths off. Time, 1 minute 17 seconds. \- Birthday Handicap of 259 sore., eccond horse 30 sovs. from the prize, third horae 20 sovs. -from &e; prize, 1 'toile 1 furlong.— Mr. John Oough ns ch e Dan O'Connor, by M&rvellODS;— Mavourneen, 3 years, fist (Egan), 1 ; Mr. W. Gannon's br h Ethelbert, 5 years, 6-t Sib (Gainsfonl). 2 ; Mr. I. Earnshaw ns ch g Shamrock, 6 years, Sst 71b (BUis), 3. Other starters : Oxenham, &t; 7lb (Hoxley ; CnrdonesB, 8st«b (Parker) ; Pippin, 84 3lb (M-Carthy ; Werong, 7st 91b (Miine) ; Rockwall, 1st Sib (J. Delaney ; Tbe BtroUer, 7st 7lb (Lidmaa) ; Danton, 7st 7lb (Cook ; Amber Queen, 7st (M'F*rlane) ; Princess, 7st (R. Gough) ; Assayer, fist JSib, jin-Ti^''g 21b over (Conlon) ; Bound about, 6st 91b (Tiemey) ; Gingham, 7st, including 7lb penalty (Smith) ; Beta, 6st 71b (Stevenson)- Betting : 3 to 1 v. Shamrock, 4 to 1 v. Dan O'Connor, 6 to 1 t. Danton, 10 to 1 each v. Oxenham, Princess, Kthcl-- bert, Cardoneas, aad Boundabotit; 16 to 1 v. others. Ethelbert was the first to break from a good start, and with Amber Queen, led past the mile post. A furlong further ' on Dan O'Connor got bis head in front, from Assayer, who Imfl Oje hard-pulling Shamrock at hia girths. VChs half-mile ?post saw the last of Amber Queen, and Ehamrock and Dan O'Connor, close in againstt&e; tails, wa-etheftet to turn the home corner from Cardoneas, while Oxenham, Assayer, and Gingham, showed most prominently Kof tbe otJiera, and JEUielbert began to come in the ccntae* However, theeffort of Sie son of Goldsbroogb was too late, and Dan O'Connor, just lasting it out, won by & head. Shamrock vras about half a leiigth off, foDowed by Gingham, Assayer, and Beta. TSme, J. jmihnte B8 bbcoihIb. - BTB*pi*CHA6B,a handicap of 75 sbvs^ about SJ mue«.— Sr.J.Yeomans'grg Idle Boy, 6 vests JOst (Death), lj Mi-. J.MalumyMb g Artist, aged, 9st Tib (Waters), 3; Mr. W. SebM'« b g Buahmaa, aged,10stfflb{Mnliyl,i, Otfter etaxtea : Clarence, lOst 61b (Nolan) ; Melton, 9st lllb (Miles) ; £t Bario, 9st 9lb (Euddle) ; Tommy Kyan, Sst 71b (Mr. W. WaiianiBon) ; Boswell, 9st 6lb (G. ?Waiiams) ; The Ghost, 9st 31b (M«Crow). Betbng: 3 to 1 v. Clarence, 7 to 2 v. Idle Boy, S to 1 v. Bushman, 7 to 1 v. Artist, 8 to 1 each v. Bt. Hario and Bos well. 10 to 1 v. any other. As soon, as they settled down St. Ilario appeared at the front, but was steadied and Boswell led him over the first of the treble, which brought Tommy Byan to grief, while 8£. Ilario showed the way over the sodwall and the logs followed by Clarence and The Ghost, with Idle Boy and Artist last. gt. Eario performed the untrained (rick of baulking to the off at the fence near the river, and Boswell, jumping as straight ?s an arrow, was left with a four-lengths lead of Bushman and Melton, who were three lengths clear from The Ghost, Arti»t, and Idle Boy. Something happened to The Ghost at the half-mile post, and Artist, Boswell, and Melton turned the corner on terms from Bushman. Boswell led over the treble fortfae secondtime, followed by Melton, Bushman, and Artist, with Idle Boy and Clarence in waiting. Artist then rattled to the front and just led Idle Boy, Bushman, and Melton past the half-mile post, with Clarence next-and going up fast. The next fence caused a dissolution of partnership with Nolan and Clarence; and Idle Boy, cutting down his horses, came along and won easily by four lengths from Artist, who was five lengths in front of Bush man, while Melton was nearly half a distance away. Time, b minutes 34 seconds. .Btkwakus1 Mile.— Mr. E. Pearce's b b Moscow, by Julian Avenal— Zephyr, aged, Sst 7lb (Pearee), 1 ; Mr. D. * Kenny ns ch m Stomach, aged, 9st including 7lb penalty (Knight), 2; Mr. T. Ivory's ch h Australian Light, Sst 121b including 71b penalty (Burden), 3. Other starters : Rush light, 9st. 51b (Nerricker); Moraine, 9st 31b (Milne); Skittles, 9st (Furrell): Cannon, flst (English); Tommy, Sst 91b (J. .Delaney) ; Faux Pas, 7st 9lb (Tierney). Bet ting : 7 to 4 v. Rushlight, 5 to 1 v. Cannon, 6 to 1 each v. Moscow and Faux Pas, 10 to 1 v. others. The word was given to a good start, and the colours of Bushlight, Austra lian Light, and Faux Pas were the first away, while Slomach and Cannon also left the post in good positions. No change took place for a furlong and a iialf, when Cannon took up the running which he earned on to the bend, where Tommy deposed him, and Cannon crying enough, Faux Pas looked dangerous for a moment ; but as they came on Moscow, fairly galloping over his field, cut everything down at the distance, and won easily by three lengths from Slomach, who was attended by Aus tralian Light, Rushlight, Faux Pas, Skittles, and Moraine. Time, 1 minute 46$ seconds. 