Fisher's Ghost. TRUE VERSION OF THE STORY. REPORT OF THE TRIAL. EXECUTION OF THE MURDERER. The story of Fisher's ghost is pretty well known in Australia, although there are different accounts of it. The substance of these stories all amount to much the same thing.. They attribute the discovery of Fisher's murder and the arrest of the murderer to the appearance of the victim's ghost sitting on a fence. As will be discovered from the accompanying copy of a re- port of the trial, the murdered Mr. Fisher if he did re-visit the scene of his tragic death, in order to bring about the conviction of his assassin, might just as well have stopped away and saved his memory from the charge of having sat on a rail when he ought to have been better employed. The murder of Fisher was discovered and the con- viction of Worrall the murderer obtained by the ordinary means, and all the romance is knocked out of the story, by the indisputable record of the trial. The facts connected with his disappearance pointed so clearly to foul play that most readers of the report will agree with what Hamlet said to an even more famous ghost than that of the lamented Fisher : "There needs no ghost come from the grave to tell us this." More than one version of the Fisher ghost story lays the scene of it at Penrith. In a far back number of "Household Words" the "Story of the Penrith Ghost" is told, and told wrongly, and a similar very small mixture of facts, with a large proportion of fiction, is still on sale in a book which, among other "true stories" of Australia, gives a version of Fisher's ghost. The ghost story sets forth that Fisher and Wor- rall (who is called Smith in one version) were seated in a public-house at Penrith one night, when Worrall told the landlord that Fisher was going to England, and would leave him in charge of his effects. The landlord asked Fisher if this was true, and the latter replied that it was, and that he was going home shortly, but would say good- bye first. Six weeks later, Fisher suddenly disappeared, and Worrall said that he had gone to England, and that he (Worrall) waa empowered to pay his debts and generally administer his affairs. A year elapsed, and Worrall gave out that he had received a letter from Fisher, instructing him to sell for cash, all his property, which was of considerable value. Acting on a power of attorney which he held, and exhibiting the letter of instructions to sell purporting to come from Fisher, Worrall advertised the whole of the property for sale. A month previous to the day of the sale an old man stated that he had seen either Fisher or his ghost sitting on a fence, and that he had wit- nessed this apparition three times. The story goes that the old man was returning from market, and that he had been drinking, but was not drunk. On one occasion when the old man saw the ghost he was in company with two other men. He directed their attention to the apparition sitting on a rail, and they also declared that they saw it. The old man came to the conclusion that there had been foul play, and marked the spot. He cut a notch in the rail where the spectre's hand had rested, and piled up a heap of broken boughs from a tree near by. The next morning information was given by those who saw the ghost to a justice of the peace, who, accompanied by black trackers, proceeded to the marked spot and discovered stains of blood. Tracks of a man's footsteps were traced for a mile, and the work was made easy, as no rain had fallen for 15 months. By-and- bye a waterhole was come across, and in it was found a body. Certain marks on it, and a knife in the trousers pocket, enabled those present to identify the body as that of Fisher. The J.P. then went to Wor- rall's house and asked him to explain how he became possessed of Fisher's property. Worrall's replies, and his behavior when the body of Fisher was suddenly brought in and laid on his veran- dah, was so suspicious that the J.P. had him arrested. The rest of the story gives an account of the trial and execution ot the murderer. This account is purely an imaginary one, and states that the witnesses were the persons who saw the ghost, and allows the reader to infer that Worrall was convicted chiefly through their evi- dence. It is even suggested, although not directly stated, that the judge referred to the super- natural evidence in his summing up. The con- fession of the murderer, as given in the ghost story; bears no resemblance to the true confession of Worrall. A short summary of the facts given below show how very far from the truth is this "true ghost story." Fisher disappeared on June 16, 1827. Three weeks later Worrall, who had been living with him and who was one of the last persons seen in his company, tried to dispose of a horse the property of Fisher. The horse and other property belonging to Fisher was known to be in possession of Worrall. Worrall gave no satisfactory reason for having these goods in his possession, and the only document he could produce was a receipt purporting to be in the handwriting of the deceased, but which several witnesses were able to swear was a forgery. Naturally suspicion was aroused; the matter was reported to the magistrate, and a search was instituted for signs of foul play. Blood stains were found about 50 rods from Worrall's house. In a creek, near by, the body of Fisher was discovered, and Worrall was arrested soon after. To sum up, Fisher dis- appeared without leaving behind any reason for his disappearance. Three weeks after his dis- appearance suspicion was aroused and Worrall was suspected, as one of the last persons seen in the missing man's company, and as being in possession of the missing man's property. A twelvemonth did not elapse, as stated in the story, before Fisher's absence was the subject of inquiry. Foul play was suspected very soon in- deed, considering the time and place, after Fisher's death. Naturally, when a magistrate was informed, he caused a search to be made for signs of a struggle, or for the body of Fisher, and, as was expected by everyone, traces were soon found of what had occurred. The finding of the body completed the chain of evidence against Worrall. The only remarkable thing about the discovery of this murder is the fact that so many people even nowadays believe that Fisher's ghost had a hand in it. People, when asked what they think of it, often answer, "Oh, well, of course, I don't believe in ghosts; but then you know it was peculiar how this murder was discovered, seeing that there was no clue to it at all." The evidence shows that there were plenty of clues, without the ghost, and the probability is that the person who witnessed the apparition of Fisher saw the spirit long after the discovery of the crime and the place where it was committed. It is quite likely that in 1827 there were persons in Campbelltown capable of seeing ghosts, and it is certain that many people believed in the possi- bility of their appearance. Worrall, at his trial in his defence, declared that other men who were in the company of the deceased on the night of his murder did the deed. He declared he saw the murder committed, but had made a solemn pledge to the assailants not to reveal the crime. The trial is fully reported in the SYDNEY GAZETTE of February 5, 1827. The AUSTRALIAN, in its issue for the same date, gives a brief accout of it. The following is the report from the GAZETTE : SUPREME COURT CRIMINAL. (Before the Chief Justice.) FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1827. George Worrall was indicted for the wilful murder of Frederick Fisher at Campbelltown on June 16 last. The information charged the death to have been caused by sundry wounds inflicted on the skull with a stick. The Acting Attorney-General, W. H. Moore, Esq., stated the case, and then called Mr. Daniel Cooper, who deposed that he was acquainted with the deceased and also with the prisoner. Their residences adjoined each otber in Campbelltown. Witness, in answer to questions by Mr. Moore, believed that the deceased lived on the premises of the prisoner at the time when he disappeared. The deceased and witness formerly had dealings together, and when he disappeared deceased was in witness's debt about £80. Witness remembered the deceased being confined in Sydney Gaol for an assault on a man named Booker ; the prisoner appeared to act as agent for him at that time. Between the time the deceased was missing and when his body was found the prisoner frequently called on witness respecting the debt due to him by the deceased. He offered to pay the money provided witness would give him up some papers belonging to the deceased which he had in his possession. Some time after the deceased disappeared witness received a letter from his overseer. at Bumbury Curran, stating that the deceased had left the country, and that the prisoner knew, and was authorised to let him know, after he was gone. Witness spoke to the prisoner about it, but he would give no satisfac- tory reply. He said he supposed that all witness wanted was his money, which he would pay upon his giving up the papers. Witness asked the pri- soner to tell him whether the deceased had gone or not, and told him if he was not gone out of the country that he would wait for his money, as he did not want to distress the deceased's estate ; but the prisoner would give no direct answer. The prisoner showed considerable anxiety to settle the debt due to witness, and called fre- quently to know if witness would give him up the deceased's papers, but when questioned as to Fisher's absence Worrall always spoke and acted in a very evasive manner. Witness suspected at this time that all was not right, and that the deceased had been made away with. The deceased was very near becoming free and witness never could have supposed that he would haye gone away and left his property behind him. Witness considered the deceased at the time of his disappearance to be a perfectly solvent man. The prisoner told witness in conversation that he was acting as agent for the deceased, and had a written authority for so doing, which he said he would show to witness, but never did so. Cross- examined by Mr. Rowe: The prisoner said he had a power which witness understood to be a written document. He did not positively say it was, but he said he would show it to witness. Witness had known the prisoner about three years, and never heard anything against him up to the time of this accusation. Witness was perfectly satis- fied the deceased was solvent, and was not in court on an occasion when he swore he could not tell whether he was solvent or not. By the Court: The papers which the prisoner wanted were some title deeds belonging to the deceased. James Coddington deposed that he was overseer to Daniel Cooper at Bumbury Curran, near Campbelltown, and knew the deceased personally, but had no acquaintance with him. Witness had occasion to be at Campbelltown about July 8, and met the prisoner at the house of a person named Hammond. He proposed selling witness a young horse, the price of which was partly agreed on, but on coming to look at it witness had every reason to believe that it belonged to the deceased. Wit- ness asked the prisoner where the deceased was. He replied that deceased had left the country with £300 in his pocket. Witness inquired what authority he had for selling Fisher's horses. Prisoner said he had purchased them from him, and had his receipt, but could not find it then ; and said also that it was a secret about the de- ceased leaving the colony. Witness did not pur- chase the horse, and on his return home wrote to Mr. D. Cooper informing him of what he had heard from the prisoner about the deceased. Witness went to Campbelltown a few days after and called on the prisoner, who showed him the receipt; but witness, from having seen the deceased write, had considerable doubt that it was genuine, and did not think it was like the deceased's writing. On account of his doubts he would not purchase the horse. The prisoner never stated to witness what reason the deceased had for going away so suddenly. Thomas Hammond stated that he knew the deceased. He was living at Campbelltown up to the time of his being missing. He was building a house there, and witness heard was residing with the prisoner. In the beginning of July last the prisoner came to witness, and stated that as the deceased had left the colony, he had got some sawn timber to dispose of, which he wished witness to purchase and take immediately, as he apprehended an execution. He said the deceased had left the colony, being afraid of a prosecution for forgery. The prisoner also said that he had writing that empowered him to dispose of Fisher's property, which he would show to witness, but never did. Witness came down to Sydney in the month of August last, in company with the prisoner in a gig, which he told witness belonged to the deceased. Witness had some conversation with Mr. Cooper when he came to Sydney that time about the disappearance of the deceased. Witness told the prisoner Mr. Cooper had said it was his opinion and the opinion of the world that the deceased had been murdered. The manner in which the prisoner received the communication induced witness to think that Worrall had had some hand in making away with Fisher. When witness and prisoner came to Sydney on that occasion it was agreed they should put up at the Emu Inn, at which place witness saw the prisoner after his return from Mr. Cooper. Witness told him what Mr. Cooper had said. He then made no reply, but turned pale, and endeavored to force a smile. Perceiving the effect it had on him, witness ceased the conversation for some time, and afterwards told him if he knew anything of the deceased it behoved him to give an account of what he knew. He said he had left the colony, and that was all he knew. Witness did not see the prisoner again that day, and had reason to believe that he did not sleep at the Emu Inn that night, as it was understood they were to sleep in the same room. When he saw him on the following morning he said he had been to Parramatta. Witness advised the prisoner to go to Mr. Cooper and inform him how the deceased had left the colony, and in what ship. The prisoner was at this time in possession of all the deceased's property, which con- sisted of land, houses, and horses. After his return from Sydney witness had some conversation with the prisoner, and strongly advised him to give some account of the deceased. He said he could satisfactorily show that he had purchased the property of the deceased, and all he knew of him was that he had left the colony, and was on the salt water. He afterwards showed witness a receipt, which he said he had from the deceased, but which witness, being well acquainted with deceased's hand- writing, immediately said was a forgery. The prisoner said the deceased had given it to him, and witness replied if he had, it must have been a trick, as he knew it was not Fisher's handwriting. Cross- examined : He had some reason to believe that the prisoner could neither read nor write. The prisoner acted as general agent of the de- ceased as well before his death as after. Witness never heard the deceased say he intended to leave the colony. William Sykes deposed that he knew the prisoner and the deceased. Had had some con- versation with the prisoner after the disappear- ance of the latter. The prisoner always said Fisher had gone out of the country. Worrall told witness that he purchased from the deceased a grant of 30 acres of land, a gig, and some horses, for which he had a receipt. Witness had heard that a man named Talbot purchased one of the horses from the prisoner. The prisoner, after his arrest, desired witness to tell Talbot if any one came to inquire after a mare he was to say he had rented her for three months. Cross- examined : Could not say what might have been the prisoner's reason for desiring him to give that message to Talbot, but witness suspected that the prisoner had sold him the horse, which after- wards turned out to be the case. Mr. Lewis Solomon stated he was well acquainted with the deceased; he had often seen him write. The receipt which the prisoner said he had obtained from the deceased, and which was exhibited to witness, he positively swore was not in the handwriting of the deceased. Edward Weston deposed that he resided with the prisoner about six or eight months ago at Campbelltown. He was Government servant to him, and knew the deceased. He resided on the adjoin- ing farm. He disappeared in June last. Witness had known him for four years and never knew of his being in debt. He was a man in good circum- stances, and was possessed of farming implements, horses, and other property. He had four horses. Two of them were sold by prisoner about a month after the disappearance of the deceased ; one to a man named Wood and the other to Talbot. The prisoner said they were his, and that he had purchased them from the de- ceased. They were sometimes on his ground and sometimes on the prisoner's. After the deceased had disappeared the prisoner said he had purchased them from him, and also branded them afresh with his own initials. Saml. Hopkins deposed that he resided in the same house with the prisoner, and the deceased in May and June. The last time he saw the deceased was on the evening of June 17. He left the house in the evening, and did not return. The prisoner afterwards took possession of his property. Cross-examined : Witness could not say whether the prisoner was in the house when the deceased went out. A man named Laurance and four others went out shortly after the deceased. Witness did not see the prisoner in company with the deceased that night at all. Laurance and the others were about an hour and a half away. Could not say whether they all returned or not. Laurance remarked when he came back that it was strange the de- ceased had not come back. By the Court : The prisoner made no inquiries on the morning after, nor did he exert himself in any way to have an inquiry set on foot after him. Nathaniel Cole stated that he resided in the same house with the deceased and prisoner in the previous June. Witness remembered the evening the deceased disappeared. They all supped together on that night. The prisoner was there. The deceased gave a man named Laurance, one of the laborers employed on his building, a pierced dollar previous to his going out. Laurance and four others went to a public-house in the neighborhood and remained away some time. When Laurance and the others came back, Laurance said he wondered where the deceased was, that he wanted to got some more money from him. On the following morning they were all wondering where the deceased had gone to, and there was some talk of a gig having been seen coming near the house in the night time, and that the deceased went away in it. It was not reported that he had left the colony for some six or seven days afterwards. Cross-examined: Witness was sure that the deceased left the house before Laurance and the others. Robert Burke, chief constable, Campbelltown, deposed that he apprehended the prisoner. Wit- ness knew the deceased, and believed he was a man possessed of considerable property. When the prisoner was apprehended a mare and colt belonging to the deceased were found in his pad- dock. The colt appeared to have been lately branded with his mark. It appeared formerly to have borne the deceased's brand. The prisoner said he had bought the whole of the horses, and had a receipt. Witness searched the house, and found several papers belonging to the deceased, but no receipt. He afterwards gave a paper, which he knew was not in the handwriting of the deceased, to witness in the watchhouse in Syd- ney. The prisoner always said the deceased had left the colony. George Looland, constable, stationed at Camp- belltown, stated that by order of the bench of magistrates he commenced search for the body of deceased on October 29. Witness went to a place where some blood was said to have been discovered, and saw traces of it on several rails on a fence in the corner of deceased's paddock, adjoining the fence of Mr. Bradbury, and about 50 rods from the prisoner's house. Witness proceeded to search with an iron rod over the ground, when two black natives came up and joined in the search till they came to a creek, where one of them saw something on the water. A man named Gilbert, a black native, went to the water and skimmed some of the top with a leaf, which he afterward tasted, and then cried out it was the fat of a white man. They then proceeded to another creek about 40 or 50 yards further up, still led by the natives, when one of them struck the rod in some marshy ground and called out there was something there. A spade was pro- cured and the place dug, when the first thing which presented itself was the left hand of a man lying on his side which witness, from a long acquaintance with him, imme- diately declared to be the hand of Frederick Fisher. The body was decayed a little, particu- larly the under jaw. Witness immediately in- formed Mr. Wm. Howe and the Rev. Mr. Reddall, and obtained a warrant to apprehend the parties who were supposed to be concerned in the murder. The coroner was sent for, and the body being taken out of the earth next morning several frac- tures were found on the head. An inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown was returned. Wit- ness particularly examined the fence where the blood was found. There appeared to have been a fire made under the lower rail as if to burn out the mark. The blood seemed as if it was sprinkled over the rails. Dr. Patrick Hill examined the body. It was so much decom- posed that the injury done to the bones only could be ascertained. The head was extensively frac- tured, and the features could not be recognised. Cross-examined : He could not say with what instrument the fracture was given. The body was not decomposed so much as witness would have expected from the length of time it had been there, owing to the place being swampy and the creek near it strongly impregnated with alum. Thomas Lethbridge Robinson was one of the persons who sat on the inquest on the body of the deceased. He could swear positively it was the body of Frederick Fisher. Rev. Thos. Reddall, a magistrate, was present at the examination of the prisoner. He made a declaration, which was taken in writing. Mr. Rowe, for the prisoner, cross-examined the witnesses at considerable length as to whether any promises or threats were held out to the pri- soner to induce him to make any confession, the declaration of the prisoner being put in and read. It stated that on the evening of June 17 a man named Laurance got some money from the de- ceased, and together with four others went to a neighboring public-house to drink. After some time they returned. The prisoner being then outside the house, and net seen by the others, saw two of them enter, whilst the other two, one of whom was Laurance, remained at the door. The prisoner then went down to the bot- tom of the yard, and after a little time heard a scuffle, and saw Laurance and the others drag something along the yard, which they struck several times. The prisoner then came forward, and called out to know what it was. One of them replied, "It is a dog." The prisoner coming np, said, "It is Fisher, and you have prevented him from crying ont any more." They said that they had murdered him in order to possess themselves of what money he had, and bound the prisoner by a solemn pledge not to reveal it. For the prisoner Nathaniel Boon deposed that he knew the deceased and had dealings with him. Witness intended to institute a prosecution against him for forgery about the time he disap- peared. Cross-examined : It was the prisoner who informed witness that the deceased had run away from a fear of being prosecuted. The Chief Justice summed up the evidence, and observed it was a case entirely of circumstantial evidence. The jury were first to consider whether they were satisfied that the testimony brought for- ward sufficiently established the identity of the body which was found with that of Frederick Fisher. If they were not, then it was unnecessary to proceed one step further. If, on the contrary, they were satisfied of that fact—and his Honor proceeded to read the evidence by which it was supported— they would then go on to the other parts of the testimony affecting the prisoner, which, as he had already stated, though entirely circumstantial, was in its character of a particularly strong nature. His Honor recapitulated the circum- stance of the case, and concluded by observing that when a train of circumstances, all meeting at one point, were brought to- gether, it was almost impossible to have any stronger evidence, more particularly in cases like the one before the Court, where the crime was usually perpetrated in such a way as to preclude the probability of obtaining direct proof. He left the case without offering any opinion entirely for the consideration of the iary. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and sen- tence of death was then passed on the prisoner. WOBRALL'S EXECUTION. A subsequent number of tbe GAZETTE contained the following : George Worrall, who was con- victed on Friday last of the murder of Frederick Fisher, yesterday suffered the dreadful sentence of the law. Till about 5 o'clock on the morning of his execution he persisted in asserting his innocence, when he was at length induced to acknowledge to a gentleman who had sat up with him during the night that he alone had perpe- trated the murder, but positively affirmed that it was not his intention at the time to do so. He stated that on the unhappy day when Fisher met his fate they were going together with a bottle to get some rum, and in passing the paddock dis- covered there was a horse there. W orrall said he jumped over the fence on the one side and Fisher on the other, leaving the bottle outside. That then he (Worrall) seized part of the paling, and made a blow which he in- tended tor the horse, and that he did not know of the deed he had committed till his return from the pursuit when he saw Fisher laying weltering in his blood. He added that on seeing this dreadful spectacle he became con- fused, and was afraid if he made any disclosures he should be accused of the murder. This induced him to hide the body among some reeds, but his anxiety increased till he had deposited the body where it was eventually found. He also ac- knowledged that it was his full intention to hang the two men who were apprehended in order to save himself, but now he acquitted them or any other of having any participation in the crime. We (SYDNEY GAZETTE) believe he acknowledged the justice of his sentence to the rev. gentleman who assisted him in his devotions. His behavior on the scaffold was manly and becoming, and he seemed absorbed in the contemplation of an awful eternity. The rev. gentleman at length took his leave. The executioner adjusted the cap, and in a few moments the drop fell, and the world closed upon this murderer for ever. 