SPORTING. ? A. ? William O'Hanlon : Willow tlanlon. — Quiz. Attention is dircctod to the programme of the Booligal race meeting appearing else where. It is framed principally for local 'hacks,' but the stranger who coos to the Lachlan with his ' noddy' will find a warm welcome. A good gathering should result at tho meeting. Referring to a paragraph which appeared in this column, stating that a match had been arranged between 11. Taylor, the Hay ped, aud W. Ellis, of Narandora, distanco 210 yds, for a stake of 100 a-sido (deposit of £50 ' planked'), ' Augur's Ghost in the Narandera Aryus says ' There has been 110 match made here, nor has Mr Myers the £50 deposit in hand as stated. Taylor, when in Narandera, told the backer of Ellis, that ho had offered Pollard, of Hay, 20 yds in 220, and that they would not accept, where upon Mr Myers said that they would accept the 20 yds, but no business was come to. Ellis is annoyed at the above appearing, and justly so, as ho has just sent his nomina tion in for tho Hay carnival, and the para graph may havo some influence with the handicappers. J. ay lor was oflercd a match with M'Manus, but declined.' [The infor mation was given by Taylor himself, and ho confirms it, exocnt that the deposit was placed in the hands of a Narandera gentle man, who docs not wish his name divulged. With this exception, Taylor denies the Narandera sporting writer's paragraph in toto , and also states that he has been training very hard ever since for the match. — Mascotte.] i\ewa irom ^aramiera states uiat.jaeK Maskell has Woodlands, Mamba, and On tario all looking in good condition. Jack holds a very strong hand in this trio. At the regular monthly meeting of tho A.J.C. committee 011 Thursday, a jockey's license was granted to Barney WJialley, the 1 well-known cross- country rider. Itwasdc- I cidcd that in handicap raccs 011 the fiat the : minimum weight in future should not be less than G.7. Yielding to an invitation from ' Billy ' Johnstone, I had a look at his old favorite, Topsail, iu his box the other evening. The old fellow looks in the picture of health, and his condition reflects credit ou his trainer. j 1 (WHiz is a very arbitrary master (wrues ' Augur's Ghost' in the Narandera Ar-nt*). A leading trainer went into a draper's a few mornings since to buy a necktie, his racing colours, of course. ' 'What length would you like it, sir ?' asked the attendant. ' Oh, twice round and a distance,' was the strictly professional reply. The weights have been issued for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, run under the auspices of theV.R.C. on New Year's Day, and the handieappcr cannot altogether be complimented on his work. In the Standish Handicap, G furlongs, Fortunatus is top weight with 9.4, and those I like best are Wild Rose (9.1), Malolo (S.G), First Boolka (7.13), Harbor Light (7.8), Magic , Circle (-S.5), Theodore (S.4), and Emblem (7.3). For the Bagot Handicap, one mile and five furlongs, the mighty Malvolio heads the list with 9.7, Glenloth coming next with 9.4. Here I like Correzo (9.0), Malolo (S.0), Portsea (8.11), Tarcoola (8.12), Yarrau (8.0), and Hopetoun (8.3). That brilliant sure, Ravenswing, scored her tliird successive win in the metropolis on Tuesday, by easily beating a big field in the Mordialloe Handicap, 80 sovs., one mile. Cash in's nominee carried S.2, ami covered tho distance in lmin. 42Asec, starting at 7 to 4 agst. Among the starters were' Wiora, Dramatist, Diiudas, and Bothwell. The handieappcr now asks the daughter of Quambone big questions. In the Mcntone Handicap she is top weight with 9.1, giving such performers as Tarcoola, Liti gant, Leviathan, Grcsford, and Pigeontoe weight. I must congratulate Mr W. Tyson upon owning such a good mare. W. Rheccc, who rode Charlie in the Steeplechase at Rosehill on Monday was seriously hurt. Carmody, the trainer of Glenloth, has purchased Retreat, the winner of the last Launccston Cup. Owing to unfavorable weather, the match which was to have taken place on Wednes day between teams from the Hay Trades United and Half-Holiday clubs, had to be postponed. The team to represent this colony in the intercolonial cricket matches against South Australia and Victoria has been selected as follows : — Jones, Moses, Turner, Donnan, Youill, Coningham, Gregory, Callaway, Charlton, Wales, and Iredalc. Should a man fall out Newell will take his place. Stanbury, the champion sculler of the world, is now at work 011 the Taralga road (writes the Gottlbiirn Penny Po- f). Ho is engaged in the laborious aud uninteresting work of digging holes for telegraph-line posts. We understwd Stanbury is working to keep himself in form. Little Bernic(S 10) won tho Rosehill De cember Handicap on Tuesday like a race- , horse, Elymas being second 'and Gingham j third. I 