HIS FATHER'S GHOST. (Written expressly for Christmas Supplement.) CHAPTER I. It was the evening of Christmas Day in Launceston. We - that is to say, Jack Digby, Ned Nuttal, and myself - were three solitary bachelors, and we had killed the day as best we might and now, in the evening gloaming, we sat under the verandah and yarned and smoked and drank cunningly-devised cooling drinks. We were gazing upon one of the fairest scenes to be found in Tasmania, and we had been favoured with one of the fairest days that the Tasmanian climate can produce ; but neither the glories of the day nor the charms of the landscape had any attraction for us, for two of us had grown grey and grizzled in the battle of life - a battle which had been waged by us to no purpose; and the third man - although in our eyes still but a boy, inasmuch as he had not yet reached thirty - was hipped beyond measure. Jack Digby was soured and dissatisfied with all things, and of no comfort either to his friends or to any other man - or, for the matter of that, to any woman either, in so far as we - his pet cronies of the past twelve months -could see. Thus it came about that this night, although we had been making believe to enjoy ourselves, the sense of loneliness was strong upon us ; the friends of our youth had either "crossed the bar," had grown prosperous, or had got married - in either case knowing us no more. And as the family groups of returning excursionists passed laughing beneath us, and from the adjacent churches the rich volume of choral thanks- giving swelled on the summer air, we grew in grumpiness, and the conversation waxed a little and waned a lot, until at length we became quite silent. Then Jack Digby, the boy aforesaid, spoke. " Of one thing at least the buffets of fate will scarcely deprive us," he said. " We have doubtless each a sufficient stock of sorry if not bitter memories, and those may be all our own - the world wants none of them." " True, O seignior," remarked Nod Nuttal; "but wherefore this preachment ?" " Know then, 0 Methuselah," answered Jack Digby with a smile the reverse of cheerful, "that the spirit of revelation is upon me to night ; and I must now speak, or for ever hold my peace." " Then let the speech be spoken : yarn away," yawned Nuttal ; a " but prythee spin it not out too wearily, for life is short and its paths are beset by the pestilent bore, and the day waneth fast." Jack Digby received the insinuation about boredom with a smile of the kind that playwrights term sardonic, set himself back in his chair, took a mighty drink, and then began the vocal deliberation he had threatened. " Some seven years ago," he said, "I arrived here from New Zealand, and the manner of it was this. I had passed the years of my boyhood -" " Oh hang the boyhood, Jack - we'll take all that as spoken," cut in Nuttal. " But it's necessary to a correct understanding of what follows, Methuselah," rejoined Jack. " Fire away, then," replied Nuttal, with a sigh of meek resignation. " Went to school at Auckland, upon a bush clearing in a the Waikato district. There was a large family of - as I then believed - my brothers and sisters ; there was an abundance not only of material comfort, but of books and music ; there was endless canoeing on the river, and our parents, as I then deemed them, were kindness itself. Life on the farm was very happy for all of us. I was older by some two years than any of the others, and as I approached manhood the man whom I regarded as my father spared no effort to make a competent farmer of me, but never by any chance made the slightest allusion to my future. This, however, did not at the time seem strange to me. " A few days before my twenty-first birthday Grey (that was the farmer's name) sent me away to Auckland upon some trivial business, so timing matters that I should return upon the eve of my birthday. This I did, but only to find the farmer's family in a state of great concern at the absence of all preparation to celebrate the coming of age of the eldest born. Grey's sons and daughters were full of apprehension that in some way I had incurred their father's displeasure. " There was a good deal of constraint about the Greys next morning at breakfast, and after the meal was over, Grey called me into the best parlour and closed the door behind me. ' Jack,' he then said to me, ' I have a communication to make that may well startle you. When you were but little more than a year old my wife, whom you have been taught to look upon as your mother, received you from your mother's hands, and with you the sum of money which enabled us to come out to this colony, take up the land we now hold, clear and cultivate it. We were bound not to divulge the name or identity of your mother in any way, to give you the best education in our power, and a sum of fifty pounds with which to start the world when you came of age. To that fifty, Jack, I now add another fifty of my own, and the offer of a home as long as you care to remain here, for I have grown to regard you as my own son.' " You can imagine," said Jack, "that this totally unexpected statement astonished me, and I was about to pour forth a torrent of questions when Grey interrupted me. " No stain rests either on your own or your mother's name," he said; " that name, however, you can never know." " Nor do I want to know the name of a woman who could be so heartless," I replied. " And for your money and here, and your hospitality, since I am not your son, Mr Grey, I will have none of it." " I cast the money from me and left the house, and after struggling about the colonies for a year or two ultimately drifted down here, where, as you know, I have done -" " Well," cut in Nuttal and myself. " So much for the introduction," said Digby. "As you say, I have done extremely well here, and have succeeded socially even better than I have done commercially. Now for the best part of my story. CHAPTER II. " Some three years ago there came over here, partly in search of health and partly in search of land on which to settle, a retired British officer, Colonel Egerton Wardley, together with his wife and daughter." " I recollect the old fellow - howling swell he was, too - stopped at the Cosmopolitan for awhile," remarked Nuttal. " Well," resumed Jack, all unheeding of Nuttal's comments ;" I made the acquaintance of the colonel and his family, and before long Gertrude - his daughter - and myself became very much attached to each other. Now, I don't wish to inflict a love story upon you two. It will be enough to say that Gertrude and I very soon uhderstood each other, and experienced no difficulty in making her parents understand that this was the case. After some little demur our engagement was formally sanctioned by the colonel and his wife, and I - as I believe most men in a similar position do - thought myself the luckiest dog on earth. The Colonel and Mrs Egerton Wardley also seemed, after the first two days, to be delighted with the match. By-and-by, the wedding day was fixed and preparations for the event commenced, amongst these being the purchase, and furnishing of a house upon Windmill Hill. By this time it was near the end of the year, and the Colonel and his family, having received, an invitation to spend the Christmas with some friends in the midlands \- an invitation in which I was not included - had left town. I naturally felt a little lonely, and was foolish enough to refuse several invitations and to moon discontentedly about my lodgings for the greater part of Christmas Day. In the evening, however, young Shroudly, whom you may remember - " " Yes," said Nuttal. "I remember. Pale-faced fellow - believed in spiritualism." "That's the man," resumed Digby. " Well, Shroudly came in and said that he and one or two others had arranged with a lady medium, then resident in Launceston, to hold a seance that evening, and that he could procure me admission. " I went with him and the others to a good-sized two-storeyed house not far from Prince's Square, where we were ushered by a trim looking parlourmaid into a dimly-lighted parlour on the ground floor, and presently the medium entered. She was short and stout and seemingly sallow, and she moved without grace or dignity. "'The seance, gentlemen,' the lady said, 'will take place in an upper room, which I must beg that none of you will enter in other than an earnest frame of mind and with a sincere desire for a knowledge of the truth. We are about to make an attempt to penetrate some of the mysteries of an occult science, upon an accurate acquaintance with which the future happiness of mankind is largely dependent. Our friends who inhabit the ether, and who are now present " - here the medium's eyes became strangely luminous -" who hear our words and who read our thoughts, will be guided in their dealings with us by the frame of mind in which we enter the chamber. This way, gentlemen." " We followed the medium, guided by her voice, through a darkened passage, up the stairs and into a place of utter darkness - darkness so intense that it could be felt. Up to this time I had only looked upon the matter as a species of joke, but now a wave of intense desire crept through me, to know who and what my parents were,and, if such a thing were possible, to see the spirit of my father; and I shuddered with the passion of my aspiration. " Are you all present ?" asked the medium, and somehow her voice sounded far off, as if from the other end of a telephone. " We respectively testified to our presence, and then the medium struck a match. We were in a room draped from floor to ceiling in black velvet, whose windows were curtained in crape, and whose ceiling was masked in the same material. There were lounges and chairs covered with black velvet, and there was a round table in the centre covered with a black cloth. " Be seated, gentlemen," said the medium. "We seated ourselves around the table. There were, including the medium, six of us. " Turn down the gas," was the next injunction given by the lady. Shroudly turned the gas almost out. " Your hands," said the medium; and we clasped each other's hands under the table, being guided in this by the action of Shroudly and our hostess. " Let us pray," said the medium, as her head drooped forward on the table. " We all joined - or affected to join - in silent prayer until the medium said aloud " Amen," and raised her head. She then continued - " There is one here tonight whose strongly-felt desire will probably be gratified, for the ethereal currents are not antagonistic ; and as she spoke something like a mild galvanic shock seemed to pass through us from hand to hand. " Mr Shroudly," the medium presently resumed, " when all is ready, complete the preparations." " The medium then, as nearly as we could observe, seemed to fix her eyes upon vacancy with a stony stare ; Shroudly meantime was observing her keenly. " All is ready," he presently observed, and turned out the light. " Then the utmost silence, broken only by the sound of a smothered sob that seemed to come from the medium at intervals, and these prevailed for what seemed a very long time. Then could be felt not wind, but a faint wave-like motion of the ether - a motion that somehow conveyed to the brain the impression of form and movement in the darkness around ; and shortly after above us could be heard a sound that faintly suggested the whirring of wings far off. Then the medium spoke, in a strained and far-off voice. " There are spirits present, and desirous of communicating - three," she said. " Let him," the medium continued, " whose wish it is to behold his father, speak, and the spirit will materialise." " I knew that I was called, and by an intelligence not of earth and answered, " It is I." " Behold your father cometh," said the medium. " I felt my gaze drawn in the darkness in the direction of where I knew the lounge to be, and presently a faint blue phosphorescent light flickered feebly there, and the outlines of the couch became visible. And upon the couch, as I gazed, I faintly discerned the form of a man - tall, young, athletic, and with features the exact counterpart of my own. I saw the lips move, and kept my eyes fixed with a strained intensity of gaze upon the apparition before me. All else of earth or life had faded from my conscience utterly. And then faintly, like the echo of my own voice from the far side of some mountain gorge, I heard the voice. " John Digby," it said, " you have desired to see and speak to me." Although not conscious of feeling either astonishment or fear I felt myself to be perspiring freely, and replied to the apparition with difficulty -" I desired to speak with my father." " He now addresses you," was the reply ; " addresses you in warning of impending calamity, and to this end you must be informed of your father's life and death." The apparition paled almost into darkness as it uttered the word death, and ceased speaking for a moment ; then it resumed. 'Thirty years ago your father, then a soldier, was quartered in Ireland, in the town of Mullingar. He was a smart and rising young non-commissioned officer who might fairly enough hope that his personal merits, aided by his family influence, would before long procure for him a commission. Whilst there he made the acquaintance of an accomplished young Irish girl, who told him that she loved him, and consented to be his wife.' " As the apparition spoke these last words its voice grew fuller and more musical, and its colour for a moment became of roseate and lifelike tint. " The girl your father loved," resumed the apparition, " was poor, but after this marriage she and he were very happy, for their future was full of promise, your father having a certainty of being bought out of the service and established in business if his family failed to procure for him commissioned rank. From motives of policy, however, the marriage was for a time to be kept secret .Then your father committed an act of folly for which he was reduced to the ranks, and about the same time you - my son were born. You were given over to the care of a faithful, humble friend of your mother's family ; and between your parents the cloud of estrangement spread between them. Then your mother came to live in the barracks as governess to the Colonel's children, and your father and she met and passed as strangers. Just at this time. a young lieutenant rejoined the regiment from leave of absence, and became a frequent visitor at the Colonel's quarters. Your father's wife and the young lieutenant were very much together, and your father was compelled to observe in silence. It began to be common barrack talk that the Colonel's governess and the newly-returned lieutenant were engaged to be married, but your father had faith in his wife's honour, and so the talk did not give him much concern. 