LABOUR IN POLITICS. The «laver Empreza is to torn round immediately for another black labour cargo for fear of the stoppage of the traffic by the next parliament. MifEBUHBiDGBB Rae, »t Cooma (N.S.W.), said it was far better to boy cott free labourers into line, thus nuking dftfifinfc mpn nf thnnn. f.linn Tiavu tltom J»i- everybody down to abject servitude. It was being Beamingly cruel only to be kind. M.L.A. Shabpe, of N.S.W., says the Dibbs Government has been unneces sarily badgered from the very first.' Now, was Sharpe one of the four Labour M:L~A-?s-Jwho Waokleggedoatbe^Broken Hill vote or wasn'o he ? The People's Party of the United States, otherwise the Labour Party, sent 32 electors into the Electoral College to vote for Weaver. Cleveland, the Demo cratic candidate, got 271 Electoral College votes ; nameou, we ^Republican candi Jate^gokl35. ? Labour M t,, A ? Hall, nf Pnnrifthorr, I?., refused to take part in entertaining visiting Cabinet Ministers while so many poor were in town ; and was criticised therefor on the lines that 'the poor ye have always with you. but MB ye have not. Some politicians have gall enough to knock down a church with. The Croydon branch of theQ.S.D.F. has been arrangiug for a public discuE «ion of the New Australia scheme. As Charlie Hobart, Gilbert Casey and George Whealan are iu the locality and champion the scheme, and as it is M.L.A. Hoolan who denounces it, the discussion should be a live one. Tes bob a week Uninack told a certain Government employe the other daj' that half his salary, already close up to starva tion point. It neper seems to strike Un mack that there are plenty of people willing to do his work (or the third part of his £1000 a year. Crick says that to purchase a con- ! tinnance of power by the release of the Broken Hill prisoners would damn the New South Wales Government for ever. All the samB Crick did not see any harm in purchasing~the voltes ot jack Want and other weak-kneed Free-traders with the imprisonment of the Broken Hill leaders. The Chinese on the Mount Windsor anrHBloomfield tin mines were to have been cleared by - Hodgkinson with the resource* of civilisation and according to law some time ago ; now the boys coming back from the Baird rush threaten to do it in_digger style. They'd better look out Chows can' do as they like, but white workers can't. Commenting upon Nelson's acceptance of office the Rockhampton Bultettn BAyB : All last session the greatest supporters of the Ministry eat on tbe Opposition benches, and the whisper was sometimes heard that tbe Opposition, with its leader, whip, and all tbe functionaries and paraphernalia of active poli tical warfare, was really a dummy force rigged up to prevent any active Opposition taking possession of the front bench on tbe left of tbe Speaker. Sin Henry Parkes resurrected a new sort of Kiama ghost at the Melbourne freetrade meeting by raving for an hour oVw-kiit: _Tiie#-.ir»a trroAf^rkm ark/1 T*im#-li ne »?»«?. sonages which couldn't blow their noses ^^ept4n^-f^etrad^bandkerchief. ^fae^ Queensland protectionists, by the way, have raited a little ghost of their own by warning the interested and the deluded that a large section exists which wants freetrade and a land tax. Both free traders and protectionists are after the loot, every tirua A coKREsposoKNT in the Dalby Herald says that 'if the next election proves barren of beneficial results no sane man can doubt that we shall become in yolyedjn a tti vil war.'Lffe «AA« ? ' ^—= — 'Let m extract a j 'omise from each candidate that he will tear up the Land grant Railway Bill, stop the sl*v- traffic, better known- ss kanaka labour, and refuse point blank to raise the salary of any official then in receipt of not lees than £400 )!« annum. Failing to carry these forts he phill resign, his seat in the Houbc being declared vacant. Asr exchange say^ of the Broken Hill union rnsoners : Ferguson h&B; been viBlted in Bathurst by a resident of Broken Hill, who says that he is as 'chirpy' as ever. He doeEn't expect much mercy from the New Sooth Wales Executive. Bennett has been styled tbe 'Judas' of tbe company, on account of giving certain informa tion to tbe Authorities. Sleath feels partiou larly bitter ftgflia»t Bennett, ^nfl it, -gn« nnly aicer great ditticuity be was prevented from ' going for him.' This isn't our own Chairman Bennett, of -StrHelena, of course ; some other one. Tbade unionism does not seem to uuuimu iu x' i»uuo. j.iujn3 are uiiu i.ntue Syndicates, with a total membership of 200,000, or an average of lfiO for each union. This does not sound very for midable. Nevertheless, recent strikes in France, and notably that at Carmaux, prove that these syndicates are much more powerful than their membership would lead one to expect. Besides, the French man has a ready faculty of combining for a common purpose, without being enrolled in any union, a faculty which seems alto gether wanting in the English nature.— Reynolds. The owner of Maneroo station is a J.P. and recently the men working on there filled in a number of electoral forms and asked him to sign them, intimating that they were prepared to make a sworn declaration that that their claims as stated in the electoral form were correct. The squatter, however, absolutely refused to sign, pleading ignorance of the law. A eorreBpondent says : ' It was Gatling-gun Tozer who held that in the appointment of justices due regard was paid to the in dividual's fitness. But in view of the fore going I would like to know where 'the 'fitness' comes in.' Sec. Percy, of the Cobar A.S.U., writes: The singular paradox is presented to-day, that, in countries where universal suffrage is ' supposed to exist, the majority of the people are represented bv the fewest members of par Jiament. That this is an incontrovertible fact can ea«uy ue demonstrated oy any one masing even a cursory investigation. Taking New Smith Wnlpo nc an illncf.rn^n -^ pno ™,\\\\\\. venture to deny that the majority of the olec torB belong to the industrial or labouring classes. Yet at the lost election, when Labour was supposed to have put forth its full strength, only between ono-tbird and one-fourth of the number of members of the Legis'ative Assembly returned were labour representatives. Indeed, this proportion should be greatly reduced, for the whole of the members of what is called the Labour Party are not, accurately speaking, labour members— some who gave their adhesion to the oause of labour, having obtained a con Hlflprithin pn.Hi nf thn utippnyt tiiitt. nonm-nfl «ihi»lr ? election from others than the labouring claflf ee, properly Bo-oalled. Many oouBtituonoieB, also, ^whloJvOOttJd'ftud^hpttld^Riyp^e^tticaofl^bbTO'' some constituencies, It Is undeniable that labour candidates were defeated simply foeoanae there were too many candidates professing adherence to feat wise in the field. l^.^*;4a»SSai Secretary Percy proposes *sfa- remedyifor this the nomination of candidates by the local labour unions to a joint Labour oon ventlon, which' would select candidates and name the electorates they were to contest, thus avoiding more than one 'Labour' candidate in some electorates and none in others. This would reduce expenses, which should be borne by the Labour bodies ; the convention should frame a platform to be signed by each candidate. He holds that this direct nomination and selection by the workers themselves^ would cause a solid Xiabour vote to be cast and a fair share of repre sentation to be secured. The West Australian Government is about to back a land-grant railway com pany to the extent of half a million sterl ing, ? ? T^s-peopie-of^ybury^te^eTiaTaie' manlinftHR tn protest, hy raanintinn at -a, public meeting against the stifling of the liberty of free speech in their town on the occasion of the recent visit of Attorney General Barton. 