PLAYS AND PLAYERS. Mr Frank Cates, who has made a tena study of th character of Hamlet, and i:ai played it aucceasfally In an aujoininf colony, will impersonate the princely Dam on the occasion of hi benefit at the Thratr Royal, ou Saturday evening, Gth Ausaat The cast includes Mr Charles Da vies, astl Ghost ; Mr James Drvrbsrn, as I'oioniua, Mr J. Doran, as Claudius ; Mr C- £. Green, a Lacrtee 5 Mr A G. Suck, as Horatio | Mix Kmma Brontoo, as .Gertrude). Miss Aitreo Mocrc, as Ophelia ) and Miis Mario Dovao, us the player Queen. With tho exception o! Mr <!ates and 'Miss Bronton every mem ber of tho cast is an amateur belonging to the Roscians, Dsgouets aud other dramatia clubs who have come forward in recognition of Mr Catca's service! to varions charitaUo niovcoicuta. AU tho amateurs are well known as painstaking, intelligent and com petent performers, and the cast will com pare favorably with many to xvhlch tha public have been accustomed. £&ra; Bernhardt' Loudon season is said t» yield anaverago of L400a night, of which »ho rcccivesone third. She is to appear in D.irrr.ont's Fulinc BUnchard. Sarduc 's Thcrmhlnr is to be acted at th 1'arls l'orte St. Martin Theatre, ths embargo having been taken off, savo as regards the subvcutloncd Theatre Fran- By the sudden appearance uf a new little Charriiigton the health of the mother has been so seriously impaired that she wilt he abwut from tbcstnr.o for an indefinite time, and tho father probably tludt som consola tion in having a good excuse for giving up theatrical snvcuUtion. A correspondent writes : — 44 Can yon kindly inform me when Blue Beard waa Uf produced in Melbourne ; and (2) If George Rignuld ever appeared itia ltuu of Luck'?' So far as Bluo Beard is coucerned, if the writer refers to the three act burlcana which Miss Jennie Lcc aud Mr Burnett pro duced at the Opera House at Hosier in 1884, it has certainly not been played aioco that time. With regard to tho second question it is odd that the play-going public do uol even yet understand that the Australian rijhtx in pieces belong exclusively to the malingers who buy thorn. A Run of Luck belongs to Bland Holt, just as the Gondoliers belongs to J. C4. Williamson, Dr Bill to Mils Myra Kcmblo nud l4anl Jones ta Mis Nellie Stewart. Mr Georgo llignold, therefore, has no chaucc of playing the hero of auy of theso pieces even tf Ais desires run in tha£ direction. The notice of withdrawal of tho pice went np on the second night of Hero and Leamler at the Sbafiejlwry, hat those wh care to do so aro to b> afforded an oppor tunity of seeing Mrs 1'otter In one or two other pieces, and Kyrl? Bcllcw also. Of thb actor Mrs Fottcr declares that 4Tber« . is no chauce of making any money while lis has the ruling of tho business." William HltouVfirat appearance in London will be made at the opening of the new Trafalgar square Theatre in September, in Lcvcnsicu's opera of the Wedding Eve, of wbieb great things aro expected. A new Irish drama, entitled Slratlilogan, by Charier Overton and Hugh Moss, wai duly produced on 9th Juuc, at tliu Princess's Theatre! London, with great biocmo.. The. special sensational offcct, that of a whirlpool into which one of the heroine is inconti nently chucked byoue of the villains, and from which she is of courtto rescued by cno of the heroes eras somewhat marred by the crcakm? of the machinery earning the rotaUry motion of the whirlpool, which suggested the possibility of a high! j novel effect — that the whirlpool might be set oa firn by the friction. Mosenthal's famous play of Deborah, which found the groundwork of Leah, has been vc-adaptcd in French for Sara Bern hardt in her present London engagement. Y'csterdny Mrs Bernard Bccre and her company arrived from Ilendigo, where thoy have played for three nights to the large houses known in the city, nnd departed im mediately lor Adelaide. Tho Bcudigo trail, arrived at 4.8 precisely, and the Adelaide express departed nt 1.25, so that tho great artist's Ihird visit to Melbourne was th shortest on record. But there were n large number of friends to see iter off, and she was laden with' (lowers and good wishes vrhcush started. .Miis Nellie Stewart will make her re appearance in Australia iu Gilbert nud Col lier's opera of The Mountebanks, which will bo produced nt tho opening of tho now Lyceum Theatre iu Sydney on 20th Decern, berin the present vcar, Messrs Williamson and Musgrove being tho lessees and tnaoa- ycra. A revival of tho Silver King will tak place at tho Frlucess's Theatre ou Saturday, 20th August. Mr K. W. Koyco has con sented to postpono his departure, in ordet to play Jaikra, and Miss Henrietta Watson will maku li«r lira; appearance at thli theatre as Nellie Denver. Tho Kcndals, who havo brought back LI00.00G from America, havo made alt ar- raugcmcnti for their re-appeanuico in Lou don, at tlie beginuing of January, at th Prince of Wales's Theatre, which thoy hav taken for six months. . Cinder-Ellen attained its. 150th perform once ou the Gaiety lioarda on 10th June, and was then ouoounctd to go ou a provincial tour, After the collapse of tho Charrington management, Herbert Flcmming joined th Princess's Theatre Compauy, appearing ia tho now Irish drama uf Strathlogan. It is understood that uegotiatiousare pond- whereby Mr Otbn Stuart,, who has won golden opinions by his admirable snpport of Mra Bernard Ueere. may extond his stay, ju Australia. Mr Stuart's perfect enunciation, musical voice, great power of expression and intense dramatic earnestness would make him a valuable acquisition to any firat-clau metropolitan theatre. Indeed, a leading man with his gifts and qualification it greatly needed on our stage, which, by th losof Herbert bJsaming. Percy Lynda! and others, has now uo youthful emotional actor on the boards. Owm thinking of going on the stage. In- fact. 1 ve made up tuy mind to it— — drawled one of the youthful gang, who' Dramatic aspirations arc chiefly fsd by loaf ing ou unhappy actors for gratuitous drink and dluuars. Ilow much do you think I onght to get from Brumroy and Bouoballeen! - 44 WelJ, I suppose for a beginning, said the critio I addressed, \- youmignt get Iwenty-GveihilUogs aweek ' -Good Uoavtns,' replied tb Neophyte - ,-4 Do you mean to icault me. Why thoy gave Prottyboy twenty poaod a week- Now come"— wbeeailngly— 4,If they eeudfor me what ahall I tak ?" ' Well wait nntU tbey eud for you" waa th final reepoaae, 44 and then yon may safely aak twenty pound a night." And tb gratified amateur bu mad op bia mind to- that figure. Bland Holt will eioeeed 1 lire Borard Bur at Adelaide, optalag Ua eaaeoo la A Bailor Knot, on Monday, 81b Algui At Ikodlgo. ah wu followed by Mil Msgi, Moor, wbo began bar MMoa lut ucbt ia Struck Ori, . -...-.v .. -..v, [?] 