THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. INDUCTION OF THE REV. DAVID ROSS. A special service was held at the St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Perth, yesterday afternoon, when the Rev. David Ross was formally inducted into the charge by the Rev. J. Gibson, of West Melbourne, the Moderator of the Church Session. The Revs. W. E. Hillier, Albany, and R. Hanlin, Fremantle, and elders of the church also took part in the service. There was a large congregation. The service commenced with the singing of the doxology and the invocation prayer by the Rev. J. Gibson ; then followed the reading of the lesson (Titus II) by the Rev. W. E. Hillier, the hymn "O God of Bethel," prayer by the Rev. R. Hanlin, and the hymn " The Church's One Foundation." The Moderator (the Rev. J. Gibson then delivered the sermon as fellows r Text: Titus II, 1: "But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine." There is an impression abroad, my brethren, with respect to the character of modern preaching that it differs considerably from that to which our forefathers were across him. What the difference is we are not exactly told, some alleging that the change which has taken place is one in the preach- ing power of the pulpit, whilst others declare that it affects rather the subject matter of present day discourses. In the main perhaps I we may say the difference is; the character of the teaching rather than in the power of the preacher; for ^roftoherj.tooday might easily be found to compare favourably with preachers of former tastes whilst it is only Batatar that with the changing years there sboMldrbs a change also in the character of mea*«'religious views, as these are' reflected either / in books or is spoken sermons. Not only, however, " has a difference bsea remarked between the preaching of to-day and that of former times ; but there are those who think the change is decidedly a change for the worse.' Look, say these people, look at the clear and emphatic manner in which preachers used to utter the truth of God, and how sound their doctrine was as compared with the teaching of the modern pulpit. There was no mincing matters then, but men spoke as they, were moved by the Holy Ghost, and people were either saved or 'lost according as they accepted or rejected certain well defined and unmistakeable belief a, " the faith once for all delivered to the saints." Nowadays, however there is a sad falling away from the old lines, inasmuch as all sorts of. new and strange theories find ready utterance from the pulpit, if they're not find as easy as entrance into the public mind. Well down view of this and in view of the dissatisfaction , often felt and frequently expressed regarding the teaching of the modern pulpit, let us today invite you to consider what 'soual doctrine is. There must be some mistake somewhere on this subject, when people are so much divided amongst themselves as to what a man ought to teach and preach. May we all obtain a right understanding of what is required of us, and may power be given to UP in the pulpit and the pew, to speak and learn the things, which Paris says " become sound doctrine." First of all, however, before i seeking to understand what sound doctrine is, let me explain the meaning of the language in our text. Paul has always been regarded as a master teacher, and be more than any of the Apostles has been looked upon as an authority on the subject of doctrine. His views then should receive careful consideration. Well, what precisely is the meaning of his command to Titus : " Speak thou the things which become sound doctrine ?" Most people, I should say, our first reading these words are apt to suppose that the apostle means by them what we understand by orthodox theology; and to such as interpret the text in that way, orthodox theology generally means their own peculiar theological beliefs or opinions. To be sound in the faith is for them nothing more or less than to abide by the tenets which the fathers and doctors of the church have taught or which the voice of the church has approved as her own in what are called her standards or creed. The word translated 'sound," however, in the verse before us, does not mean orthodox. It is simply the Greek word for healthy or healthful. Hygiaivouse, in the original Greek is just our word "hygienic," and is employed in ancient books of medicine, just as the word "hygiene" is used amongst us by officers of health. Similarly the word to unstated " doctrine " is in the original Greek simply our word teaching, didaskalia. So far, then, from sound doctrine meaning the orthodox creed, either of our Church or any other Church, we may take the words simply to denote whatever is taught by way of promoting in men a healthy or health- giving spirit. The lessons taught in our Sunday schools, the instruction given by a mother to her child when she tells her child the simplest moral tale, these, if they have a healthy tendency, are as much Bound doctrine in the estimation of St. Paul as the most learned treatise on theology, or the most elaborate Confessions of Faith. To prove this just turns to the context of the words before us, and there we shall find what Paul has in mind when he speaks of sound doctrine. To asked men Paul says Titus is to preach sobriety, charity, patience. Old women, again, are to be taught to behave themselves, by avoiding falsehood and by refraining from tippling. They are to be examples to young women, how they should love their husbands and children, and make happy homes. So with regard to young men, the sound doctrine they are to learn is how to be serious. Servants, likewise, are to be taught obedience to their masters, without being impudent or given to pilfering, and citizens are to be urged to keep the law and to be ready for every good work. " These things," says Paul, "I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed God, may be careful to maintain good works," (Tit. 2) for " these things are good and profitable unto men." In another passage, indeed, the apostle goes so far as to say, " If any man teacloth a different teaching and consented not to healthy words, even the words of our Larry Jesus Christ and to the teaching which is according to godliness, he is puffed up, knowing nothing, but doting about questionings and disputes of words." The term actually used in the Greek is even stronger than dating. back as each other things than these be commands, are, he says, " diseased " or " sickening," and net healthy. Sound doctrine then, according to Paul, is not necessarily the orthodox learning of the schools which enables a man to become a doctor of divinity. Such learning, it is true, may be sound doctrine, and not harsh or crabbed, as dull fools suppose." It may be sound, if it makes men sober-minded, and capable of exercising a healthy influence on those around them. But the sound or healthy teaching which Paul commands Titus to give is that which makes good fathers and good mothers, good husbands and good wives, good servants and good citizens. Its best monuments are not the dusty volumes that burden the shelves of a theological library, but the patience, the parity and the happy love that adorn the liver and beautify the homes of men. Here, however, perhaps I should describe more particularly what sound doctrine is, according to the apostle. We have seen that it is the kind of teaching which has a healthy or health-giving effect upon human life, that which braces and strengthens men to be sane and sober, pure and upright, true and good in their daily walk and conversation. There are two things, however, which ought to be noticed as making any man's teaching sound or healthy. First of all its source must be healthy, and secondly, its end must be vital or life-giving. All sound or healthy touching must come from a sound or healthy mind. According to the fountain so must be the stream. If the one in four, so must be the other. But, it may be asked, what di^tiaoruijhes a healthy mind ? Well, I answer, he who hopes t have a healthy mind, in order to give sound or healthy teaching, must, for one thing, be independent. That is to say, the things his rescues must be his own, the fruits of his own experience and the results of his own meditation. We are no independence or freedom is there can be no health. All things bright and fair, the beautiful forms of nature around us, and the young and happy amongst ourselves are such as have the pulse of a free life. And so in teaching-not the slave of other men's opinions, but he who speaks out his own thoughts, I the man from whom to expect words of living, health-giving power. Too often, I may say, this has either been over- looked or denied and not least has it been overlooked and denied where most it should have been acknowledged and allowed, I mean in the Christian Church. The thing, indeed, which has chiefly militated against the Church's power in the world has been the want of spiritual freedom on the part of her ministers and people. Both alike have felt themselves too mach bound down to forma and set phrases. The things they have heard with their outward ears, these they have fell themselves obliged-to aoeept,-liko-the'l*wsof the Medes and Persians, as things which no man dare abolish or change. The worship of ; God in consequence has frequently been turned into a litany of platitudes, whilst the pulpit, that ought to have been the platform of freedom, has too often been made a kind of prison-house for the soul, out of which a man might speak only that which was pleasing to the official year. How great a degradation this is, and how far from the ideal of the Christian ministry you will easily discern, if J you turn to Christ's of St. Paul's example and see how they taught. Not what public opinion dictated, nor yet what the wisdom if she scribes anjdj>natrjjsejs_pr described, but the truth as it was felt and known in their own hearts and minde-this it was that made their words breathe, and their thoughts burn, till men heard with wonder and admired their utterances, saying, never man spake like these men. But, besides liberty or freedom, there is another thing that distinguishes the healthy mind, and that is its readiness to receive instruction. Freedom to assert itself and humility to loam-these are the two complem tary features of every case or healthy spirit Docility, however, does not always go with fr pedant. Sometimes, indeed, men are too independent to be taught their freedom they men to license. Then they become in >re dogmatic than the narrowest minded bigot. In this case we find not health but disease. It 13 freedom run mad. The sane or healthy mind, on the other hand, lies ever open to the light. It knows when to be passive of reception, as well as when to be active or creative. Amid its greatest efforts t never forgets what a virtue there is in spade. in one sense, indeed, it may be said here is no real freedom without a certain degree of restful job. At last to dwell in. the light is the aim of all true liberty. " Ye are the c j in area of light says Christ, "therefore walk in the light, as children of the light." Lot Hot your freedom run you into a corner or into a hole ; let it not make you a fanatic, else you will be miserable an i mee others miserable. But, be still at times, and know to at God is the Lord, and lead what He has to teach you. Open the widows of your soul and sit down betimes, so that he blessed sunshine of the Father's love and he Father's truth may stream in upon you. Or better still, go out and get away from your own thoughts to bask in His eternal beams. Receive His light at every point whither it comes from the Bible, from the plans of history, or from God's work in natur^aroand you. The fault of Christian teaching often is, that it is too limited or restricted in its source. A. man goes into his study, gets his candles, and then fancies he can do thou the Bun. But what a huge mistake Whoever, heard of a healthy life that we spent exclusively among books ? ExclnsiAness in any direction means in evitably monstrous or abnormal growth. The for freedom we have the more should we come in contact with life in all its phases, ''his alone will save us from being narrow, al give that health or catholicity of spirit which is at once a sign of health in us and a source of health and happiness to others. I have said however, that healthy teaching or s sound doctrine not only comes from a healthy man; but it is health-producing in others, flower is a quickening power. It makes dry bones live. Under its influence the spiritual lame walk and leap for joy, the blind receive their sight, and the prison doors are owed to them that are bound. Frequently, however, the effect of preaching is quite therese of that. Instead of quickening opposing men it sends them to sleep, and head of making them glad it makes them miserable. Now. whether this be the pejuliaeffaot of so-called orthodox preaching or if I will not say. But one thing I know, if it is this, the teaching or preaching whitlows a man to go to sleep is very unhealthy. Better to have preaching that disturbs his thoughts than to have preaching that Couraffea or allows them to have no though at all. Of course where drowsiness or dress is observable in the pew it may not altogether the fault of the pulpit. Oftentim, indeed, it is not the fault of the pot; but I am speaking about preaching it now, not hearing, and what I say is that peaching ought never to encourage listless in the hearer. On the contrary, it should inspiriting, like the Master's own, heal giving an life- giving. Christ, you may remember, applies this test to his own teachm. "Do not my words do good to them the talk upright " " The words that I speak 55 yQa they are spirit and they are life." A here let us ask, how is a man's preaching be life-giving and health-giving if it is t permitted to touch human beings in the everyday concerns ; how is it to brace and, My men, if it is not to be made applicable them as we find them ? P opie some object to preaching that deals with questig outside the range of Bible study. A in may Jecture from the pulpit for a wholesale on the political history of the Jews, but must not touch modern politics. PoliticdigcH88i0n, we are told, is fit for the florin during the week, but not for a pulpit on the Sabbath day. Bat w should it be so? It was not so old Testament times. Then men spal as the spirit moved them on everyfchiiith.it concerned either the public or private of the people. And that, I believe, is wh gives the Old Testament half its interest. and half its power, the fact, viz that teaching came in contact with men's lives, every point, both socially and politics as well as spiritually and morally. if so they are to speak the things which beer SOund doctrine or healthy teaching, I saw conclusion, preachers must be free to speak the spirit moves them, and not merely agreeing to the dictation of the schools, and Uther, they must keep their minds opening light of truth whensoever it comes, whether from the Bible or from any other sources. Besides this, however, they must be allowed to come in contact with human life at every point, if their teaching is to have a health-giving and life giving effect. Do not therefore object, if, in handling the truth of God, a man also handles your daily lives and all things con- voted with it. Rather be glad at this, and seek, yourselves, to bring the truths of religion to bear closely on what concerns you every day. For this is sound doctrine, or healthy teaching, not that which is disso- ciated from our practical affairs, but that which leads to make us better and happier is conducting them, that which tends to make as good fathers or good mothers, good husbands or good wine?, good servants or good citizens, adorning the doctrine of Christ in all things. And may the God of all truth, whose word is spirit and life in Christ Jesus, make you perfect to do His will, and to His name be all the praise. Amen. At the conclusion of the sermon, the Moderator explained that, in obedience to' the instructions of the Presbytery of Melbourne North, contained in the resolution of the Presbytery, passed on the 1st of November, they were assembled there that afternoon for the purpose of inducting the Rev David Ross, M.A., to the pastoral charge of the Presbyterian congregation at Perth. It was unnecessary for him to nar- rate all the steps that had been taken for receiving Mr. Ross into their midst. It was sufficient for him to say that at a congregational meeting commissioners in _ Scotland were appointed to select a minister and they phase the Rev. Mr. Ross of Craiehie, Scot-' land. The call had been duly signed by the congregation, and at a meeting of the Presbytery had been put into the hands of Mt. Rasa that afternoon. He then put the usual question to the congregation, as followed \- JX) you, the Members and Adherents left this congregation, testify your adherence to the Call which you have given the Rev. David ROSS, M.A., to be your Minister, and do you cordially receive him and promise to provide for him suitable maintenance, and to give him all due respect,' subjection, and encouragement in the Lord P This question having been answered in the affirmative, the Moderator then put the following questions to the new minister : ". Do you believe the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament" to be the Ward of God, and the only rule of faith and practice? 2\. Do you acknowledge and approve of the Articles of Union adopted by this Church, on the 7th of April, 1855; as the basis of its OHwtitutioa, and declare your cordial as captains of these articles? 3\. Do you own and believe the whole doctrine contained in the standards of this Church, as an exhibition of the sense in which you understand the Holy Scriptures and do you engage firmly and constantly to adhere thereto, and to the utmost of your power assert, maintain, and defend the same; and the purity of worship as practised in this Church? 4\. Are you persuaded that the Presbyterian government and discipline of this Church are founded on the Word of God, and agreeable thereto and do you promise to - submit to the said government and discipline, and to concur with the same, and for the utmost of your power, in year station, maintain, support, and defend the said discipline, and govern in ant by Sessions. Presbyteries, and General Assemblies ? 5." Do you promise to submit yourself willingly and humbly, in the spirit of meek-, lives, unto the admonitions of the brethren of this Presbytery, and be subject to them, and all other Presbyteries and Superior Lady stories of this Church where God in His providence shall cast your lot; and that according to your power year shall maintain the unity and peace of this Church against error and schism, notwithstanding of whatever trouble or persecution may came, and that you will follow no divisive courses from her doctrine, worship, discipline, and government ? 6\. Are zeal for the glory of God love to the Lord Jesus Christ, and a desire to save souls, and not worldly interests or expecta- tions (So far as you know your own heart) your great motives and chief inducements to the work of the holy ministry 7 Have you used any undue methods, either by yourself or others, in procuring this call P 8\. Do you accept of and close with this call, and promise through grace to perform all the duties of a faithful Minister of the Gospel among this people 9 Do you promise to give conscientious attendance on the Courts of the Church, to be subject to them in the Lord, to take a due interest in their proceedings, and study the things which make for peace ? 10\. Do you engage in the strength of Divine grace, to live a holy and circumspect life, to rule well your own house, and faithfully, diligently, and cheerfully to discharge all the parts of the ministerial work, to the edifying of the body of Christ ? 11. And all these things you profess and promise, through gnce, as you shall be answerable at the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ The questions having been answered in the affirmative, the Moderator declared the Rev. D. Ross duly inducted, and extended to him the right hand of fellowship, an example followed also by the other members and elders. The Moderator then, addressing the newly-inducted minister, said it was not necessary for him to say a great deal, considering the large experience which he already had in the work of the Christian Ministry. On one thing, however, affect- ing the peculiar life in these colonies, it might not be out of place for him to say a few words to him-a new chum. He would like to advise him to take the people here as he found them ; not to expect them to be all cast out of a Scottish mould. He should endeavour to enter into and sympathise with them in all their affairs, and by so doing he would find that he would most nearly touch their hearts and the most vital things of their lives. He would find the people here equally responsive as in other part? to all true and sensible appeals made to them in the name of Christ. He thought it was altogether beside the point for writers in the Press, and public speakers, to condemn the people here as confining themselves to things seen and temporal and neglecting the unseen and Spiritual. His experience of the people was that they were just as ready to take part in truly Christian work as any other people in any other land. He might say, in regard to Melbourne, the proportion in which people attended church there was one to every six of the population, while in Glasgow, during his time, the attendance was one in eleven only. This would show that those in the ministry of the Christian church in this land were not so foolish as some people were inclined to suppose. It should serve as an encouragement to Mr. Rose, having just come to this land, to S9t himself heroically, devotedly, and personally to the work of God for these, his people. He must ask his people to be helpers and fellow labourers with him in the cause of Christ in this city. Otherwise they would let him, as they would let any- one, do all the work of the Church, if he was so minded. But he must give them some chance of doing some part of it, saving himself for "the more necessitous work which would lay before him as a public preacher and citizen of the colony. He must give himself, if the church were to be a power in the land, to. a tody and prayer. He believed himself that the people of all the colonies wanted an educated ministry. They did not want a man who could simply talk, they wanted someone to give them straight answers on vital questions. He would also advise him to make no favourites in the congregation, but to make everyone his friend, and to make especially the poor and ignorant his friends, and the Sick an i those lonely in the midst of others jay. This he would have learned to do already as a minister of Christ. He must also go out among his people, be no respecter of persons, valuing the poor as much as the rich, and the humble and ignorant as much as the learned in the world's wisdom. He would find much to discourage him and try his faith, but if he would pray that his work which was not his own work, but that of the Lord might be successful, the difficulties in time would vanish. As to the congregation he suggested that they should, one and all, help their minister, each doing the work which was most suited to them. The colony lay before them, to be made or marred, and they of the first genera- tion enjoyed a blessing in this land which would not be laid on any other generations. They should endeavour to make the colony, not only prosperous, in a national sense, but frsitfnl in holiness. The hymn " Onward Christian Soldiers " was sang, and the benediction closed the service. As the congregation passed out they in- dividually shook the hand of their new minister. '?. 