Musical Items. Some years ago a writer in the Americas Oepheonist said tfaat professional pianists plaj mostly to catch applause ; but the kind of applause differs g: eatly. There are pianists who make a specialty of classical music, and no matter how many of the poor listeners may be snoring before the conclusion of the ex. hibition, the obstinate player is bound to finish his task in every one of its movements — repeats, included, so that, whether encored or not, his pupils can say, 'Ah 1 what a great man ! There's independence for you !' A ' tedious, monotonous machine ' would be a better name for him, or a ' pedantic, pig-headed bore ' — (boars ought to be ' pig- headed,' you know !). Other pianists go to the other extreme, and publicly deal in nothing but the whipped-cream and froth and syllabub of music. They generally play their own arrangements of popular melodies, preceded by pretentious introductions of 'un- meaning sentences in high-sounding ' musical *' words,' which (as the old penmanship has it) to I musicians ' sound ridiculous.' Such fellows are I terrifically self-possessed, and are as sturdy as the I rock of Gibraltar. They will bring out a sue cession of platitudes w.bich were old in the time of Pleyel and Dussek with an air of importance and a depth of sonority worthy of the opening of Beethoven's ' Eroica ' Symphony. Then follow I their cadenzas, by way of turning the ghost of 'form,' which they pretend to, as nearly upside down as possible. ' Tittle-tee, tittle-tee up, and and teetitil teetitil down again. Tittle-tee half up, and teetitil half down.' Then, by way of displaying a tour de force fit to make tie groundlings fairly gasp with wonder, we Lave, i all of a sudden, and as a startling: contrast to the other — ' Tittle, tittletee, tittletee (cre scendo), tittletee, tittleTEE (fortissimo),' clear up to the north pole of the key-board, and 'teetitil, teetitil, teetitil, teetitil, teetiTIL (sforzando),' down again to the other antipodes of thundering:, thwacked bass notes — thump bang, crash, hammer — and then up go the hande, lifted (not from the wrist, sweet reader, nor ye; from the elbow, but) from the shoulder-joint, as if to &ay;, ' there ! if you can find a trip-hammer at machine works quite equal to me, just trot it out.' Such a trip-hammer would prebablj display quite as much brains, and music too, but thia our pianist does not suggest even in pantomime. (3.) Other pianists sit on a high stool, as if they were on the top of a flagstaff ; their bodie sway ' to and fro like a drunken man.' (Of course in a few instances this last is truer t« nature, but it does not add to the gracefulness of the spectacle, whatever it may add to the music !J When these gentlemen allow their coat- tails; to dangle over the edge of the piano-stool, the effect is heightened ; but if there should now be added a kitten to play with the danglers, we believe the tout ensemble would then be perfect. True it is that few pianists 6eem to dream of the fact .that if they are interpreting a work of the mighty masters not now living, they ought to do it with veneration and respect. If it is a con temporary work, then with affection and care. H it is their own composition, then with diffidence, but sincerity. If it is ' swash,' and if tie player has two -coat-tails and a piano stool to do it with, then it ought not; to be done at all ! TVe commend these caustic remarks of our trans-Pacific contemporary to some of our Sydney pianists, who for the present shall be nameless. At the present time, whilst the air is ringin? with detailed and graphic accounts of murders and the press is burdened with praise of detective cunning and skill, the following story will be read with interest. It relates to events which occurred some 23 or 24 years ago. It will be found ii Dexter Smith's Mtjsicax Eecoed. The account states that : ' For nearly two years past a young man wearing the ^arb of a Highland piper ias been wandering about in the coal regions of Pennsylvania, playing his pipes in the streets, attending picnics and dances, and appar ently depending on his instrument to make a living. A few days since he was playing in a mining village on the out skirts of Scranton, Pa. A crowd had gathered around him, among them a mine laborer named Braidy. Suddenly the piper ceased the music, and stepping from the crowd seized Braidy by the shoulder and announced that the latter was his prisoner. At the same time he produced papers which he said were his authority for making the arrest. Braidy seemed entirely over whelmed by the arrest, and made no oppositien to the authorities when it was revealed that the piper was a detective. For two years he had been on the track of his prisoner, who is charged with having murdered , a wealthy man named Findlay in Scotland, in January, 1877. Braidj was in the employ of Findlay. Early one morn ing the latteV was found dead by the roadside, his skull crushed by a club. Braidy had been discharged the morning before for drunkenness. He had been heard to make a threat that he would get even with Findlay. He was nowhere to bo found, but was traced to Glasgow, where it was bettered he had taken a vessel for America. William Male, detective, was employed by the relatives of the murdered man to come to this country in search of Braidy, who il was thought would bring up in the Pennsylvani* coal regions where he had friends working. Ok of Braidy's peculiarities was his love for the tie? pipes, so the detective, being a piper, adopted tL: disguise of a Scotch piper, and played about Us coal towns in the hope of some day attracting tit attention of the man he was seeking, he beii? | eure from information he had received that Braid? really was somewhere in the coal regions. Tie ruse succeeded after two years of patient trial. Male is now on his way to Scot land with the alleged murderer.' Wnein« Braidy was found guilty or acquitted i™ are unable to say, but this we know, that if h^ loved the screamy harshness of the bagpil*E chanter and the monotony of its drone, his lawyer had fair scope for a brilliant defence on the ground of insanity. Benefit Conceet. — Last evening a gr&1' benefit concert was given at the Masonic Hall a aid of a family in destitute circumstances Twenty pounds' worth of tickets were disposed of, although the audience numerically irasa« | large. A good programme was provided, vrhiw commenced with a selection by the America Banjo Club, Mr. Firth acting as accompanist in the piano. Mr. W. Clarke sang 'Mona/ s beautiful song by Stephen Adams. A pianoforte solo, ' Tarantelle,' was very acceptably rendered by Miss Maude Fienberg. Mr. A. J. Searle also drew from Stephen Adams's works, and sang 'The One I Love.' Madame Eosalw Merz sang a song from Meyerbeer's 'Pa Africande;' and Mr. Frank E. Down saug .' The Devout Lover.' The song ' Oh ! Hearth' Wild Winds .Blow was sung witn au'i'»'- effect by Miss Sheridan Eeed, and a violin sow by Sienor AngeJo Casiraghi brought the first p*rp of the programme to a close. In the second p&« a number of the same artists took part, a well as Mr. Arthur Deane, who eang ' The Silem March,' and Miss Joyce Carnoby, who gave » pianoforte solo. Madame Merz and Miss Shetidas Eeed also sang a duet, ' I Would that My Love. A most interesting account of electricity * applied to mining, accompanied by numero illustrations of a plant in working order, appt* in the current number of the Town and Count*1 JOUENAl. A lecture, entitled «? Burns, the Poet and the Man,' was delivered by the Eev. J. W. Ingus, » Parraraatta, at the Pitt-street Congregation^ Church, on Wednesday evening,. There w» large attendance. Mr. Inglis delighted w audience by numerous anecdotes culled from life of the poet. A vote of thanks was passed w the lecturer at the conclusion of the lecture. __ Printed and Published by ALFEED BENNETT tor tbj Trustees of the Will of the late Samuel Bennett « EvENlHG News, and the Towkakd Cotikw -io^,, -? Offices,Martet-6treet, betwee»Ge*rge Bad fl'''' Srdner. v 