FOUND guilty, OB Ralph Chandos' -Fate; A Stirring Tale of'the Eariyi Days of Botany Bay. Founded. on Fact.; CHAPTER XVr l>Oi!T JACKSON; The rescuing ship proved i.o be tlio Doke of Wellington, convict-traiisport,< bound from London, to Sydney. She Imd some thirty wouiea on. i>pard, :5vjtli; no mule convicts She hove to, and racked up the small boat anil its -occnpants The latter clambered to her dec!: with difficulty, being weak and: cramped from insufficient diet and; exercise M-iss--Pelham was passed yipi fir=t, Lord Strathmore closely following her' The captain: and .officers ,«f the Duke of WcIlint;ton 'thronged around i the higsjard waifs they had picked .up, full of wonder and curiosity at :the= ligvnlar spectacle .they presented.- #«.<*• • Lord Strathraorej by common andi tacit consent of his companions,., was i spokesman of the party. He had be-: triTed 110 cowardly terror during his recent sufferings, but had been;,moody,] reserved, and grim of visage. Now h assumed an air of condescension .and; authority befitting lus. ihigh -rank and ; station. He swelled with,'importance.• He felt himself every , inch Lord of; Stntlimore in Englandi.ond Governor-.; General of Botany Bay;-riHe;anuou>ncedi himself with proper pr de.-and solemnity,; and his auditors.received the annonnce-i mentwitli proper amazement and satisfaction. •'•••"-• " Tins young lady is Miss: Pelham,'' lie declared, indicating her. " This is her father, Mr William Pelliam, thei eminent city banker, and my especial: friend We were on our way to Sydney iitlicship Clytemncstra, with a hundreds eighty convicts on . board. The! cuimssarose and mastered the soldiers: and creiv, and we barely escaped,, withs our/ires m the general confusion. We are starved and in need of your bests offices," ..-V...". "•.•'' -..'^j "The ship is at your disposal, my; lord," said the captain; politelj 1 :... " Any-' lhms;we can dolor you and your.friends weshall be glad to. do. Will you descend' to the cabin ?" • • ' \--- • -. f Ihe ship was-already ninder, weigh' again. Lord Strathmore mclinad his! head in assent, and took a-step-in..the direction of the cabin.: Suddenly, he> paused and looked around,: his. gazefalling upon his hated cousin.. : Chandos, 1 in spite of his unkempt; and unshaven: appearance, in spite of his'iiaggarduesa and his worn garments, looked like an ideal young prince—straight . and ;tail! and stalwart, with' a haughty poise of Ins head, his long, blonde .looks glittering in the sunshine, his light moustache filled with tangled sunbeams, shadowing, a mouth as once stern as that of an ac-' casing angel's, yet tender as-a woman's: The captain's gaze followed that of Lord Strathmore, and he bowed low to this splendid young fellow, wholooked to him like a knight of chivalry, such as he had read of in romance mlus boyish days. • : • . • • • " Look to that man, captain, ' said Lord Strathmore, 111 a harsh and dis? «n4ant voice " He is a convict—one iXt\w,one hundred and eighty on board of ftieOMeinnestra. - ': ;';. j The captain recoilcd a step with an incredulous stare. i '• For shame, uiy lord ! " said Gerda Pelham, her eyes glowing with indignation. "He saved our lives at the risk of Ins own. But for him not one of'us irould ever have left the Olytenmestra alive! Ho has preserved our lives all tho-e week* by the e\ercise of down'jgbt heroism vYc owe !tim everything— erep'thmg—" "Gerda'" inturruped her fatiiei, nervously. ' Do not reprove your daughter, my dear fricDd," said L >rd Strathmuie, smootLly. Her enthusia-m does credit to her warm heart and her sense of gratitude. We do owe -Mr Chandos a great deal—I acknowledge " it—but hardly so much as Miss Pelham thinks. I see in hnn no hero, but a convict benton savmg his own life, and who saved ours incidentally to bis main purpose: Bat, whatever my private feelings, I must consider my public duty, 'ihe eves of, England are npon-ine. : " As -an official of the government of my country; it is necessary that I should be impartial; It behoves me to be a very Brutus: Captain, I shall hold you responsible, for the safe keeping of 'the.young man." He resumed his course towards tlie cabin but Ihe others of the party did not move. "Captain," said the ship's doctor; gravely, this young gentleman is our preserver and benefactor. I must beg jou to treat him with consideration until we reach Sydney. He is no otdioary convict, and I sincerely r believe linn to be innocent.of any.crime against the law." 1 ' The Governor-General, LordjSlrathmore, could:not,^consistently; with.fhis duty to the Government, take any other stand in regard to this ^wbappy young man than he lias done,' said Mr Pelham; wtlisimple dignity "but J think he 8liould be treated with kindness,, captatni for Ins devolion-to-fls, andT join my;entreaties to those of Doctor Marsh. It is only fair to say, however," fie added,' "that I differ from'tbe-doctorln believf ing Mr Chandos innocent of -crime. " The young man shall-betaken good care of," .said: the ,'captjin;i<formiog lus opinion of Chandos by the manner of Lord ^trathmoie. " Yon may go for ward," and he addressed our hero "Here you, Tompkins, you look after this joung man, and get him something , to eat Now, my lord, this, way to the cabin " He conducted hi guests thither The cabin was no luxurious iao^n, » e «ig plain in the extreme, with", a "'fan lunmog about the -walls. It'^aa dean, and looked to the -weary yoy^gcrs "fory hn en of rest and safety, , "We'll .have a breakfast for'/you, airectly, my lord.'Lsaid the captain wet introducing himself -aslJZzptpm aawaiden; and, in ^e^eanljme*, if Jou11 make your toilet, at Jour seivice" ' - V Lord -Strathmore aeknowlf&iea; / this PoWeaess l,y =a fc^ ^ \- t 1 P -The..captain ^opetied- the' door of a, stateiootn near at hand, : " Miss Pelham," lie said; " this room is at ^our service. I will have the steward make up the berth with fresh linen while y oji .are at breakfast This is the first oflicer's room- and he. will be happy to turn out for a lady. You will find clean towels' and soapalidywater; 1 m readiness, for use. I will bring'.you n^w xomb and/brush immediately. 1 am only sorry that I have no siowardess--to attend upon you." ~ , ,. Miss Pelham expressed her thanks, •ftnd"-retirad- i into "iiie»'rooHi •assigGeii.'her, closing the -door. Her father and the doctor -were'.nexfc provide! for with lodgings .quite near to ; her. The captainiwoughticlean linen ifrorn: his.ownifltoreSiSandithoserofA.biS'ofHcers;* and supplied iJifc sgentlemcnit i'GJotJiesK brughos, were brought into requisition,- and-?ol(l<nnd"wom^arments were tiruslied. and shaken into cleanliness and: respect^ ability. ^ - r — , MisB Pelham iecurod^lier door,_ and took a thorough batb. fee?inj^~J.lKsjibJ greatly refreshed. She was' neai ly dressed, when>tliecaptam fcnffickedatker door and luforuiad her that- ho had fo&d-gsome;? cleintdinen for'lier among the stores bf" .the convicts^.: and bogged her acceptance :of it. When he had e departed-,ssliesopened her;-do,o r.-janjJ tookin 1 -the'things^he'ihfd i brought The) linen proredvtn be ^coarse' anij- jill-m^de,: biitrat^vasflolean,! andiit®>young; lady: accepted-it with gratitude. . The comb -and, brush-restored her dishevelled locks to glossy smoothness, ifleciblackvgftffinwas yet whole and decent. A white popket-handkerchigf— tain's — tied^boutUieisnccki suppliedthe* lack of a collar. Her toilet thus renovafcud, she^e-Sgtered'^ie ci^jiq.? 1 * -Breakfast'svas upon Sie tablev,fsteaniing^ coffee, bacon an^ -rggsf^po^d meats,t new^lIread'-.auS shdi's^ibcuiJ.S made tip. a repast that seeincd to. the niiw<«r-nval8"vfit'&r; a Sytnnt&f; Lordi Staibinorei. catnoj foW-arliand; offered his |irm- to Mi8S Pelham^ to lead her "to "tlm-febTe.-' Ste ^eSfed proffered assistance with a coldness that startled : lum. He feared,"" lest,• ia his" enmity to his cousin, he had gone too far. \- > '.is5 ."I '• My dear Miss Pelham," he pleade!,: in ataoffdertpftPj^'ddf noJi.Jip. angjp.ivitli % me. How ooul3 I "act difforeutly in regard to Chandos ? y jCo you'^supppse that I do not feel the disgrace of -the coniiection, sand jtbat'J would-not -assist his.escape^f si <5puld? Butrdtity;; to a- public man, is a stern word. I cannot betray the trust reposed in me. Belief-. ing Ghandos guilty..I dare "not tamper' witli my• Gonscienceijor 'Jtny duty;;:, soj far as to show linn favor. If I lose your esteem. Miss Pelham, by my adherence to duty, then I am indeed, the most miserable of men." The hypocrite infused so much of seeming sincerity and passionate.carncstness into hi&.tones ihat one more gifted with .insight tinto :liuman, nature tljan innocent' Gerda might irell have been imposed upon. Mr Pelham had heard every word, as-lie stood near, and he held out his hand to Lord Strathmore, exclaiming warmly ; " You do well, Strathmore, in adhere: to your principles of Tight. We understand yonr natural desire to shield your, unhappy cousin, and to favor him. • W.&\ respect you all the more, for, your strict adherence to duty. Gerda is not offended with you:,• : How :couid she be!? Whatever Chandos -was- to -her in the past, • be is Jess tlian -• nothing {now. Gerda 1 has- sense to' realise that the young man is only a convicti^condemned to transportation with, hard labor for life. 'There is a gulf .: fixed, between them which even the most romantic and hare brained girl in existence could never hope or desire to cross " There was an anxious look, in his eyes that touched his daughter She took his aim in silence, and was conducted to the table While she ate her breakfast, she did some hard "thinking, the result of which was a resolution to treat Lord Strathmore with-nniform courtesy thereafter, not only-because an opposite course would offend her father, but for other reasons •whiek seemed to iler ample and'imperative/ " I am growing to dislike him extremely," she thought, ." but for: pa,pa's .sake^anAffor lialpb'iS sake,Elimnst con- ceal -my aversion. He-certainly bates Ba^ph. He is the one—the only one— who has profited by old Lord -tratliiBioje s'-nmdec.I. sometimes -think-?n'h A shudder completed the sentence. ' After breakfast, she Pegged Br Marsh to look after- the: ^welfare :of ,-Ghandos. with her request, finding Chandos in the forecastle, supplied with cle?n lmen, :Comfortablyufed,:andJodged .among the allors: i -'-.His bearing -iand Joolcs ^proclaimed- him an aristocrat,sandathey had, received him coolly, but.his genial smile and- friendly ways''Jtad> won upon them all, and, in spite of the stigma attached to him, the , seamen i,were inclined to. make much of him Tbe doctor spent some-hours smith his young friend, and returned to the cabin in time for dinner. After that meal he gave his arm to Miss Pelham, and walked with her upon the deck, relating to her the .substance of his recent interview with Chandos, and avowing to her again his belief in the -young jnan's in: nocence. ^ . " I was never more deeply interested in any man m my life," "be exclaimed ",IiimJalone,in the world, Miss Pelham; and I have employed my elf as a ship doctor merely to satisfy mv own restlessness and desire for continual change. I have -a "little money, enough to keep me simply as long as I hye. 1 believe t hanflos lo he the victim of -some base cptispiraey, nod I -intent! to stop a while out m'jSydney to iook after him I haTe lost my post with the ship, and I shall not apply for another just at present ™ " , e ','If anythjpg.coull i e done to span* himiheindignities usually ylsited upon cgnyjcts."said Miss PseUiam, "I would bliss and'hononr you while 1 jive, Dr Marsli. fialph" Chandos is innocent of his uncles murder, anil some day his innocence ,*ill improved. <3od gram: that day arfiye before Ae is bioken an spiut, and made despferate by oppres Ston ' ' , f- r o "I will do alii can t'o ?ie1p him,,Mies. Pelham; tine, unless Lthe Governor- General eho^ld ^show 'some deniency, 44 iur* lifi-r- nrt,- ^rjjfei what can I do ? The young mans fate will be veiy hard, if Lord Stiathtaore chooses , to.. make it bo," .sighed '" ©r Mnrsh. " You, alone, my Hear young lady, have any influence with, lus lordship., If you exercise your .influence in Chandos s behalf, the borrors: of'his ilpt:imay,be; mitigated^-riot otherwise.'' The girl flushed, then paled. Lord avowed himself her suitor, but her woman's intuitions had told her that lie jy vcdSher, and she ifcnewrthat any mitigabion of her lover's lot was4 to ibe rob- .tained- only at'tiie price e'f1i<;V : hana.'> : ' Hi. i) J^^^ri^^eil^^ui^di^^i^Sii ^ her silence anght. The .future looked very dark for Chandos and he could see no gleam of .light anywhere for the poor lyoungiellow. ' A few-days of rest and comfortable fare, of relief from torturing anxieties, restored-the fugitives of. the Giytern .nestra to ,, : some .'..resemblance. of;.!thpir former selves. Chandos remained in ihg^orecMtl^ and Mr Gray, and now and then seeing .frptu^afa&he;^ loffing upSd ^earnihg^^ that "thall^VW^^rotefe^iid; through. That lovely, faithful &ce;,<Jull of'hope and promise, fit niilit, inihis lonely bunk,' it seemed lo shine upbn ;hi.m,out-.Gf the darkness like the^face of^ ,an angek ,-.He. could not utterly ^despair ^pVl9ng;as"i.his him, and .shared his griefs, mourned over: him, .and ,besieged lfeaven dai}y,-with : prayers in his beh-ilf. " " i a good, sailor.- In a week's time she drew near, her destination^^^^Unqri^hei^ormiig. pfi tliejserenth.day'^fter^herescu^^ Lord. Strathmore's party, there was great excitement npon hoard a blue- line the:; ;horizoai indica|ingi!Stid.j ® ue : li iie.: SieSter , i developed iato -a great-,j^l pf^j<jck, desti.tiiteoftreRs/Tliewindbadshiftc^ and grandeur of the cliffs were now The two head^f Tort .Jackson became perceptible, although the passagenbetwieca4'hcm..was not yet plainly indicated, the third, or Middle Head, appearing- mihejopenmg. : The' Wellington, having taken on board, the -pilot, who •cam^pjjt io w a mall. boat, in'-due'-thfte rounded Hthe towering .Korth Head, and entered Port Jackson, saihug between the opposite lines of cliffs, which formed immense buttresses to the*ight^and to llieieft. The scene, to English eyes, was very striking. The sandstone rocks on the -shore jutting out into the wafcer, the : strange trees, the gums, with' their light- grey trunks, predominating; the green grass, the shrubs, aod. .all the . peculiarities of the Australian' landscape weresseaun^d. with eager eyes. . -'Lord- Stratlimore's bosom swelled as hesgazed upon the land over which he had come lo rule. He was the representative of his sovereigTh,-and therefore virtually monorail of tliis^rgatasoiifjiirn, continent. 1.1 e felt himself a king as lie surveyed his new empire. -His ambition was at last gratified. He' felt that his life was a success, that his scheming and sinning, had brought, hini the result at which he had aimed... As lie thus exulted, saying to himself that only thing more remained,to be desired, and;that one thiQg was possession of Gerda Pelham; thegirl ajjproached him, and stood at his side. He turned ito her, his face beaming.. "After.all our perils wo are arrived at Sydney safuly," he exclaimed. • "-Letns congratulate each other. Miss Gerda " Miss Pelham glanceil in the direction of the forecastle. ' I wish to speak to you ol Rilpli Chandos, baron," she said bravely, although her lips qunered, and there were tears in the sweet fearless eye'; upraised to his ' I do not ask you to prove false to your idea of duty, but I do ask you to spare him all indignities, such as the prison and hard labor The very fact that he is a convict is.a-torture to him. Do not let it be added to by unnecessary cruelty,.! beseech you." Miss Pelham," said the baron, 1 gallantly," whatever I can do for Chandos shall be done for your sake." The girl turned away, struck by theconcluding words of his sentence, ye feeling lighter at heart It was well for her that she did not •see the fiendish smile on his swarthy visage as he again looked shoreward, else her soul might have died within her. It was well she could not read ,1ns cruelly exultant lieart,,as he said to him| I will take care of Ralph Chandos, Miss Gerda; -never jear I -shall forget, him. I will takescare toiVisit upoti liim every'.horror "known to- convict, Jife... J Bill "humble "his spirit, gall his soul to: the quick, and dme him to the^very^ depths sof despair, b ?And,';finaUy, hcsshall die, and; not even. his. .ghost,, shall:,give, me «ause for jealousy Yet I will play a double pait. I will make the girl, marry me to .save him from some .awfulfate, and then, when she is irrevocably, mine, I will procure his dinth. So much success has tuade -me 'bold f'vand be gmilediike'fidemon. ^CHAPTER EOBESXALLEDi. Sydney,( at 'the time cof -which we write,lalthfouglijjby no means-sojarge or so prosperous as at the present3ay,tjvas a somewhat irregular but' "a Jiighly picturesque town, with fflnp streets, handsome buildings, alnple^parks and pleasure grounds. JThe iiuest park m "Sydney is known as^he Domiin. Attached ; to it arejtlie Botanical -Gardens ^ the Inner domain', containing a -fine collection -oHlying birds , and Jjie^-Goyjbmment House,' tin residence of ihe -"©ove/nor, •? 'which Is surrounded bf espe6ia J «and jefiensive ^ 41 1 , li is to Ihe Goyei weaiowidiri "The baiMifli?'Ss ptiadranjyilar very l a r g ^ ^ h ^ ^ f e ^ M ^ p o n a.n^iMiience{'Mndi^omjiiatiiSiggii ofMiheiwatera ndinja^nj: calculated- to -inswtegts. „ witlU high ldea-omil .t.^tirasstjigf Duke (JaeMon^j . Tha new . Governor, iliOrdiStratlimoro, was seated at a table in the 1 pleasant breakfast-room of the palace. He had recovered somewhat from the fatigucs of, his .prolonged voyage and ,disaster3;,and bore : httle:resomblanco'-to:thO;forlorii:and unkempt fugitive , :of '-Pinna("le Island. His hair and beard had been well trimmed, his ragged garments iad ,been exchanged for-broadeloth andjfine linen; his ! discontented';and: despainngiexpressio.n had been replaced by 'one of • selfc complacence, of supreme content, of quiet exultations His,swarthy. face=was flushed';.-his -eyesi sparkled •; and ho;appeared to enjoy his luxurious repast with the.appetite of a-gourmand. ; His companion was Mr Pelham. .The roundhandvTosybanker had recovered, a goodi share. of ihis:-former; spirits;••'.--Ha was well costumed, and 'seemed.already to have :fargotten his recent privations and terrors. He beamed.upon his companion-with..all the olden reverence for Tank ;BBditit!ei,aiid:thongbt, -itiliis ! GWD Aeaftr that earth could alford Iiim no higher joy than to become father-in-law to a peer ,of England. and .' Governor- General of Botany Bay. " I am sorry that Miss Pelham is not able, to jmn us at breakfast," said the baron; sipping his winelcisnrely-' . ; ' 1 ; Wei need her presencc to perfect our enjoyment." " She will appear at dinner," said the banker, "provided she can procure a suitable toilet . She is going ost^arly upon a shopping expedition " " I will have a carriage placed fat 'her] service,': -While- Miss: Pelham oecupiesi herself in.shopping. I will consnlt. with; my secretary and members,of the couacii.i My delay in arriving here "has causedj certain .complications, 1 understand, to: which I mu3t devote my immediate attention. Duty before pleasure must be the. motto of.:.a> government, officer, iitr! Pelham" " Certainly.— certaicly," Said Ihe banker. " I desire to call upon a correspoodent here, and to attend my daughter, so my time will be fully occupied. 1 " I: beg yon to -make yoursel f quite' at home,".: remarked JLord.. - Strathipore. arising.; -'vlt shall ibe myiStudy to make you and.jMiss Pelham,..comfortable and happyi We havG-passed through many; dangers together, and, althoughil havenever addressed one word of -love to your ^daughter, my .deBircftio,..maker-her; my wife has increased and strengthened lntoiithe dominant purpose of-my life: Her bravery, sweetness, delicacy,. and perfect refinement .and good! .breeding, under, circumstances, calculated- to>t<y: ; a soul to,:the ..utmost; :have deepened''my love and admiration for her. I assure you, Mr Pelham, it would be.the hap-: piest . day: :of'..niy.„existence^-that. on which I should mabe -M iss i Pelham ia'dy Strathmorej and instal her mistress' of this palace." The banker's face flushed .with pride, and plcasuie. '5 It iwouldibe the (happiest day. of my life, also," be acknowledged. To see my daughter preside over, this provincial court, wwjld-gratify^me- beyondjnensorD.i I am sure that Gerda likes you, baron— this much 1 may; say- with propriety. How much-she likes- you," he added, with a smile, "you must find out for yourself." A shadow flitted across the dark facc of the governor. I do not wish to risk rejection by speaking too soon,' he said, moodily, walking toward the . window. " Miss Pelham ^possesses extraordinary beauty, and cannot be insensible 1 to the fact. She is a queen among women, and fit to occupy a royal throne.. How .she canwaste, her.affections upon a convict sur-. passes-my comprehension—?' " But,- my dear baron." interrupted- Mr Pelham, eagerly, "her Jancy for your unfortunate cousin is a matter of the pa3t. When he became a connct, her affection for him ceased—" if I thought that," said Lord Strathmore, I wonld risk everything and propose to her to-day." It is so^' asserted the banker, confidently., ,;V.,Iti must^be soi-i - 'ify daugh-' ter has been well brought up—as well. as any young woman in England. It would not be proper for her to lore a convict,' and-my daughter is 1 not one to do anything-improper." -'•Gliandos is confoundedly -handsome." mutteredj;'Lordi:s Strathmore, uneasily. -And be acted very well upon our small boat-voyages, s, A t-Tomantic. ,girl-;might •easily make; Jum out' a hero. 1 Hehad; been a yachtsmanf you know,-and;-knowing best what to do, naturally took the lead -He did all the work, and was head and front ,of affairs,.'besides saving us from the-convic'ts, -and all,that.sort of tiling, so.:.tliafcj. she ls.likely: to idealise him. A girl's first fancy dies hard." -'Hcannot survive theloss of Tespect," declared Mr Pelham " Gerda is grateful: to jChandos-jfor saving: her life, and; so am I ; but I assure you. baron, -she appreciates: the- distance-between-'them,- the awful pit he has dug with his own] hands. She is an .heiress, the daughter of an'honaurableimanrjshe'.isvconvict, for life, his uncle's murderer. Even if. she loved him still, she must know that her love is hopeless and worse than, " Yes, it is hopeless! He will live and die a convict," Kowing that tinder any circumstances she could never marry him," said jJuPSham,shestnustsooniorget ;him,-..':She-ioyes me as I love her. She !will 'desire, io.please .me. • Weed I say that all-myriparehtai tinfiuence will be, exerted-iii fevour ? • -I can- safely promise'ybu that»Gerda-will iiccept your-i offer whenever made*' Yet I must not be too precipitate,"; said Xiord Strathmore, thoughfully, " Lti is 'better to be too cautious than not enough so. WJien-Ghandos is disposed of, removed ior e\er from nil possibility of seeiogjier again ; when she ba3 bids time-to ^ee whatvher poBition woiild " vtnlfiti fail jn this-1"-v " -<f\ >f 'i jf^h^sr:^ j waraily{5 BemeiSherihatil.appceeiftlie) t&eishorfouVi;'St yoHrJjropolti^Miftfi^ *r*The two gentlemen j shook 'hands; ! : . "- What is lo become of Chandos^" asked.;Mr Pelham, after a .hrief pause. M Will his recent me ltonous conduct weigh in his favour ?" The baron shook his head.: " I fear not," lie answered., " Re was hescanido cant mitigateihis'ipunishment. He will-liave'to-share the<lot of all convicts. : I have promised Miss: Pelham to do all.I can. m Ans behalf? bnt.you, fuust realise my< painful - position, being shis relative. •; Ii ; *anoot.-"prove c,false . tonmy convictions of duty. I fear that the law must take its course " s; -Mr: Pelhaia. expressed his:..regret, ..but approv.ed;!his, lordship's :SpaTtan:,adhei--j ence to duty. After a little further conversation, the' two vgentlemen- separated, Mr,-Pelham^oingtoh is daughter's room, and the governor .proceeding .to his council-chamber. j An-hour latc-r, a carnage; drawn by two • horses; and' attended J by coachmanjand footmen in- livery, drew tup!-, at the state-entrance. nf--the.-palace,ian^i:Missj Pelham and her father- descended, and entered it . They were driven iirectly to George-^ street, the principal thoroughfare of the tonrij .where tht.. best skops, hotels, banks,'' andt the ^post-office, are .doeated.: It presented a busy scene at'this ,hour.^of; the;morning .'With crowds of pedestrians,, and. ~publlc. and ^private :.yehicles .:-and i a small .Loudon. ,- Tlie.:s1iops proved: excellenti'andiMiss'iPclhamshadi no difficulty in procuring-a necessary iontfit; suited tocher present rcqnirementSi; A d>onnet;i < a handsome shanvl, fnrs-and glovesV-were brought .into immediate ;use. i Afteiv visiting a dressmaker and gwing] her orders, the y ung tady .resignedher-i elf .to the guidance flf her father,- whose moneys fortunately;-had,;becn upon his person at - the> moment of. ".escape., from the Glytemnestra, and who was thus able to meet the demands upon: him. . In his turn-Mr Pelham vjsned. iradcs.-: people, who supplied his requirements, i or promised to'do'so with >bnct-'delay.• Back" to -Governmeat House," be commanded,:, upon re-entering the carriage;-.- w.Butiieturn ,by a route that will give us some idea tif the toyn.' The caTnage proceeded along Georgestreet :to Brickfield "llill, crossing Parkstreet to Elizabeth-street, and keeping l n the pleasant shadow - of - II yde, Park Turning- into -Macquahe-street, , they passed' the "Houses - of Parliament and several .club. • -houses, and entered the Government,iHouse grounds , (To be Continued.)- : j " - 