TEE TEA&H; Bv MARTHA LI VIHOSTOM MOODET,^~T<£ CHAPTER XXII. A DEATH-BEp COMFp^tpJ " JOSEPH FARRKIX'S<Joot<i, enough under the carefuUy t The attic door stood Operandi'; only to turn and flyifhe n movement; buthewasin and bad gone to bed shutters wide opep, so that : Etant play of lightning jnade;pvetjr| plain, and I had only to of the returning darkness*), work. I used the eblorofonn< knew the drug well, for I Idri carried a small vial of it-Iris ship's surgeon had given me toj cough at nigbt ; the iastjof which, used and thrown the botUemray^ stable. Artey was lookingotftM window,with both handstothei Ms face and his back towsrdlfte I hadn't yet made up my mindjiutii I. would do, but 1 meant; to.pi mark on Joseph Farrell for life, had put his mark on me. BpV.i saw his sleek, villainous face, the t . _ of Margaret and her wrej^w.Atft$iiite-j a madman of me, and I lostaUftp^ control, and had done the. deed 4fg(ipk'<| before I knew what I was about. never knew what happened, but I tola him afterwardp (hat Joseph farrell 1 never beat either of us again, i pleased him so much that it was..ill'. <1,^ could do to keep him (rota tyUgbijjg aloud. " He would have blown the " whistle he carried if I had not snatched him, and thrown it under the bed, a purpose. Then I lit t^eA^p ,<§n|l ^ put the room in order,, while Cded himself before . the ''glass;'; r Joseph Farrell money, and I bad none, so. I Jjidlypfifl^'^,* myself from his pocket-book to to take me back to New . York. we weot down stairs, Artey carryin^t^!; things we wanted to hide. I dianot ? ; dream at the time of getting Eniest... Farrell into trouble; he wasmyb^w friend, and I meant to Kfen^e Hil j..1 wrongs too, and would not have utjiired him for the world; but I had no time to think of all this till it was too labe. ,1, , went to his room; he did not stir as ,1. leaned over him and I felt no fear o£ia|*< waking, but the impulse that bad ... brought me there, to tell him what I, ' had done, shrank impalled at. the thought of his innocence, and t turned >,! and fled I had now but one hope-r escape-and one desire, the turning of . suspicion from myself to Artey, who, I ' knew, was not accountable to the lawv;,.. » We came near being discovered <a>, we went downstairs. Just as I got intoV - the shadow of the lower hall, andos Artey was coming down with the thiojp J Mrs. Farrell came out of her toom ami called faintly over the banister, but tfhe was still under the isfloence ,of:' A?:'" chloroform, and ttirnedtMtg in fbe . direction of her room. ;1 Ajwj^lmeir \ where to find the cellar door "Iw^aaaii1:' by the light ofa match that thw«itick,y: I saw a large kitchen knite ljirigW^'^. tafrW, which I had often seen in the hands of Artey when he sharpened ii for his mother's use. I put it in the plape of my own and rolled it up "ith the gown and towel and carried them down to the cellar. By a strange piece oMuck the cellar key unlocked the back hiiljhdoor, the key of which Mrs. Blunt mi&.bave taken, as it was not in the lotffc When I got into the house I locked the back door with the cellar key and put it in its place again. Artey was .half-way up stairs, but I stopped hint find listened ? to bear if all was quiet. ^.When we got back to the garret wfc?e I had left my pantaloons, I changed again, throwing Artey's old ones under the eaves where they would likely j be ifound hy anyone searching the dove cot' jfhep I made tor the woods, after j -gtfcelfliotto secrecy, and making j fill threat to kill him if he men linyname in connection with that £ wort. " "ipr every step of the country in ouqty.and I went for the nearest At,a little station I hid myself ,e first train that pulled out and jFfc'iSiew York without any trouble. I ' "nt to visit Margaret, and then go to *Hin;t>ut when I got to the alms found Margaret was dead and 1 loved that woman as I never another, beside my mother, and ! tflokall the courage out of me. t care whether I tavedor died, fttwut at odd jobs, doing all I intake toyroppey Ust, but I could LMMC .tilll should hear news -*-i t skw ia one of the daily accbiintof the murder; the xweeksold, and was wrapped bcJi I bad bought I had japervandindeadaU public "was jfiaid of being arrested counVand I knew if I was I:1mu3e itwould be all over with me. kartell and ^.for themurder. II ±Wf, believing that the evi-| " ^ifecupe Artey on the trial j after that, Stinting buy them, and] -to Show that these] would die fori 'commit. I Had no ] titer tbis. I must get 1 "jsaxy confess in time to I ^_fliae|nt't6'wait till the] l^lttew^thwewasa strong jflldt His btf>jt of ^ittiown to the whole ] iirfsits'to the dove-cot, ^tuuititareknown, his j ;Witb blobdon them, I ito'lfcltty'tbfc thistle found ] '?. Ijjbnij tbe kitchen] 'bad so often] (A Of the yellow] chbad always at-1 bad been taken | ^el with bloody taints l -*iih* trfokpfri eidiOTS | >h! JSarrell, imwnenhel Itofidea -valuable mare ] offwith her and j familiarity with the very ] }bemurder was com-1 )^e,Wf)jddrnakeavery -Artey. I was afraid, if] e a ihtness, he might] t4 l«>ped too, frond his ] 'Jwbetf qiiestioned, that be] I'ittty- aecret^ for be was very ] ' " | :*»d' Always' dodged a J V ' He bad Often punled j fitciune to the worst I meant | 'i^ihe-^deedi I was desperate ] 1 " the iVedied for, Joseph l^&fli;&glJAo;'flU! gutter, ] [4 toe* tbat be ] srjhepuftiuedtfie with his ] 8> .SIMS' frdrtdWfes hbt wide enough fyg&aBWi; ? itanrell; one of us ; | ^JHi>l$fi^'was sent for. He] ,\^vt^,'"<66W«ing with fear *-;!Cfthe tide man and the ] E&^&lled; faiai to (he bed-1 l«t>^t bis trttnbling band in bis 4>ii ] »,*<& aaid, "l am going away, J PwMr^teiie1 bade. You may] >t abw, fot it can hurt neither j , .jswiwe With me inthe'room J Pf-%«it' fot Joseph Farrell, | Hi?*''"' . 1 ir'told," said the idiot, "yon] Mdlcm tne, if I did." ] l^'Snfu' must tell, ftow I ask] I't^^l tiiaVyou know about it" ] ^h^MatthaBlunt was sent for ridiot field up the story of the yrt-iv^y jjgj giuifui toaxing and I a corroboration of Dick's ] i oWalhed. Martha Blunt _jfdMles4ed at the shameful ie.tlf ber «fi6t son, aftd only for oju-^ he tqld her that Artey's as' jussive, Md be had no rorkto'be done beyond the (*weph, farrell. He did iuaf time; *eem to grasp the ajftiiiigh hi; knew that'Joseph AP fiead W»d buried, but the the village made no impression volatile mind. His only thought r^:Miirdetanfl the dispersion of I 2mtty,";Wais 'Ifii the' pigeons, lest he ^tfei from them, and they, »14 neglect, should come to J&leitoteltofesln; the heart of i'Bhihfgave'way, however, before j,'iri' AglMS farrell's escape; her le lfae* would riot suffer beyond, pe^apSj^coiifinement, and with that she j ^5lrfe!b6u»ekeeper was sent for in some tfbaSrentloelpw while the deputy Si^ Wid tbe notary finished the ex stiiti^WnT 'lt wis midnight when the "f tbt confession were written. -lOPiwllilsWn^was greatlv excited by ^tjff^whehad made, and never rallied f%aviittu>n that followed. . entered the room the jt ieel better," was ii'.' "Here is a letter, .k; written at., odd times, I MiBht ivou MolAd Want to read what I aft^Iamgone, and if I had died before to-morrow, you know it would have been useful to father. Remember, mother, you said you would forgive me, no matter how wicked I had been. You meant it, mother?" " Richard, there is no choice, a mother must forgive her erring child." " I am sorry for it all, mother, and the grief I have caused you and father. Ask him to forgive me, too. It was hard to make up my mind to come home after I had dishonored you. I bid myself in Mrs. Farrell's loft for weeks before 1 was driven to face you, mother. The night father came to the house, he almost caught me. I had gone to the dove-cot to get the bread and stuff I knew Artey had brought there to the pigeons, and without which I should have starved, and I had to run for ray life and get back to my hiding-place. When he came to the stable for his horse, and heard me moving overhead, he thought it was Artey, and called,' Come my boy, your mother wants you !' it seemed to me that you had sent him, and I must go. He touched me with his foot once, when he was searching the loft, but it was not given father to find him-the man he was looking for, thank God I " I think there were two Dick Martins, mother, one,was always warring against the other, and the bad Dick generally won. If I should gel well may be I'd be bad again, it is better to go now while I am sorry and wish to do right I have suffered a great deal-and deserved to. If there is any excuse to be found for me, I know yon will find it. And, mother, when the baby grows up, don't let him know he had a wicked brother. I do not want him to hate me. Tell him about the baby-Richard. I saw his little picture in your work-basket, and he looked so pretty and innocent I never thought he would come to this pass; did you, mother?" She sorrowfully shook her head, too full of woe for words. . "I had ft foolish wish to take it with me, it seemed a part ot my innocence, but I will leave it with you, dear mother; keep it in your work-basket, and when you are tempted to think hardly fll me, let its baby beauty plead for your dead boy, and try to forgot the Richard Martin that ran away, and went wrong; or, only remember him to pray for him. We never--know-how-we-will-act -till'- we - are - tempt " breath foiled him; he threw his weary arms above his head, and with one long sigh expired. Mary Martin guessed the truth now, but all her soul went out in love, and | pity, and foigiveness toward the weak and erring soul, of her first-born. CHAPTER XXIII. A MARRIAGE AND A REPRIEVE. It was midnight when the deputy sheriffafid notary public waked the judge and asked for instructions. "Inform Mrs. "Farrell at once," the judge com mandfcd, when the first sentence of the confession was read to him. _" This is monstrous! You say the villian who committed the murder is dead? No? He deserves hanging, if he is on a dying bed." But there was to be no execution on the morrow j death had forestalled the work of the hangman. The useless gallows, that stood as a menace to evil doers, must be taken down before an other sun should rise upon the shameful thing. Ita bis amazement at the turn matters had taken, the deputy-sheriff had totally forgotten that the marriage rite was to be solemnized between Ernest Farrell and Viigin Grey, in the cell of the prisoner, at her request He went down with the confession of Richard Martin, meaning to have the marriage ceremony I postponed until a bBppier hour and fitter place was found. But Martha Blunt had been before J him. Ernest and Virgin, accompanied by the clergyman and Mrs. and Mr. I Lawrence, had driven to the sheriff's house, and Martha, having charge of the prison keys> had admitted them to the cell of Agnes Farrell. The ceremony was in progress as the deputy-sheriff ap ' peared at the door of the cell, and he dare not intrude upon the solemn scene with his joyful tidings. Virgin, clothed in black, with a. white covering on her head, looked like a young nun receiving her vows of renun ciation, rather than a happy maiden wed ding a loving and beloved bridegroom. Ernest Farrell went through the ceremony with the air of a man who was performinga sacred duty to gratify the wish of a dying mother. Agnes Farrell stood more unmoved than any of the company in the black and dimly-lighted cell. Her tall form, attenuated to emaciation by grief and long confinement, was draped for the gtave in a loose, white, flowing robe. Her noble and aquiline features were lighted with serene joy that transfigured her wan and wasted face. Her crown of snow-white hair gave her the aspect of a venerable priestess presiding at some holy, religious rite. Outside the prison walls a strange, weird sceue was in progress. The star less heavens were lit up by a red glare that threw a wild,' phantastic light on every object: the hideous gallows and the massive prison loomed black against it The people, swarming in the streets, were metamorphosed in . the crimson gl<"I wonder if it's the millennium?" said one. "No, it's the o-rory-bory-allis, said another. "Then the aurora borealis and the millennium looks mightily like a house a-fire," said a third, "and it's Brinkwater ways-looks like the whole town was bumin' up. It's only two miles acrost, ain't it?" " Yes. It's Brinkwater Heights, too. If I were goin' to give a guess, I'd say it was the Farrell homestid. " Here comes Jim Denby, he'll know all about it," continued the last speaker, as the little grave-digger, out of breath from running across fields, with his momentous news, rushed upon the scene with his hair on end like a blown comet. Yes, it was true. The stables had caught and communicated the fire to the house, in the night, and when the excited denizens were aroused it was too late to do any thing. Denby, in the futile hope of getting aid, had run all the way to Marshmeadows. " How strange," said an old woman, gifted with the power to instruct, "how strange the house should ketch a-fire the very night afore the hangin'! Seems like there's a providence in it." " Ye needn't be makin' a pack-horse o' Providence to carry yer ill natur'. I guess Providence '11 get along without yer help," said Denby with indignant emphasis. " I don't see as the Farrells air goin' to git along without yout'n, Jim; one would think you bad had a finger in the murder yerself, ye're so techy about them as had." " Them, as had !' roared Denby; " ef you're includin' Ernest Farrell in that remark, why you're a liar, that's all!" " Fm not countin' in Ernest Farrell," retorted the other, " but I guess it'll take a power o' hendenng providences to save his mother from swingin'." " And you wouldn't be one of 'em if you had the chance said Denby. " Don't be slingin' your words round so promiscuous," broke in David Fry, who had been conducting a fervid re vival meeting and had come upon the scene followed by the whole congrega tion to witness the great fire. " Isn't that foreshadowin' of hell ?" pointing to the gallows, "enough to make ye hold your reproachful tongues? 'Twas hot words belp't to build that." "It seems to set yours a waggin', David," said the grave-aigger. "Oh, it's his privilege to wag; it's bread and butter to him," answered Denby*s companion. But all warning words were silenced now, for a sudden rumor thrilled the air; a ripple went over the multitude, a move ment of the mass, as though an impulse of rescue had seized it like a panic, and a wild shout tore the air as the crowd surged toward the jail and poured like a flood into the open corridor. The ceremony in the cell of Agnes' Farrell, that united the two beings she loved test, was over; the minister and all the company were kneeling and had joined in the last prayer for the newly wedded pair, and the woman who be lieved herself so soon to die a shameful death. " SAVE HER 1 SAVE HER I" shoujed the excited crowd, ere the prayer was ended. Not one of the throng had had a thought for the Salvation of Agnes Farrell when she needed a saviour, and now that all danger was past, each was eager to lend a helping hand. She heard the first word of Richard 1 Martin's confession, the cry of the multi tude, and saw in the face of her son a transport of joy that turned the prison gloom to sunlight She raised her eyes and cast a look of yearning love upon him; addressing him, rather than the crowd of spectators that swam before her vision like figures in a dream, she said: " I thought God bad forsaken us, and I forswore myself to save my son." She slid from his embrace and fell at his feet. "Forgive, forgive your mother, my child I" He stooped and raised her with tears of rapture raining down his cheeks. A smile of inefiable beauty transfigured her face She clung a moment to his neck, then her weary arms relaxed, the heavy eyelids drooped, she would have sank in a heap on the prison floor if his strong arms had not sustained her. " This shock of joy is loo great for her I weakness," said the rector. " She has fainted; clear the cell and give her 'air I" ? They bore her to the cot and laid her down: every effort was made to restore her, but it was too late-Agnes Farrell's sufferings were over. She had got her reprieve from a higher tribunal I . **»*. Brinkwater was at peace. The long feud between Agnes Earrell and her step-son was over. The turf of the village church yard swelled greenly above them both. Nature is no respecter of persons. The butterfly, the bin], the bee, that swam in the drowsy summer air paid their im partial visits to each grave. All was made decent by the dignity ot death. The evening light was. waning as two men, in earnest talk, took their way through Brinkwater church-yard. " They say he's comin' back," said the grave-digger, sitting down on a tomb stone, and turning bis dim eyes on David Fry, who took his place beside him, " and nobody'11 be gladder of it than I'll be." " Five year in a foreign land 'ill likely make him vally his own country more'n ever," replied David Fry. " I don't know as he ever went back on his own country," said Denby, dis posed, from long habit, to defend every act of Ernest Farrell's. " No, 'twas some of his countrymen came pretty nigh goin' back on him," said Fry, facetiously. " Aren't ye ever goin' to let that ghost rest?" asked Denby sorrowfully. "I'd like to dig one more grave, and that so deep and wide it would bury all the evil wagging tongues in Claire County." "And as fer as I'm concarned, I'd like to read the burial service over 'em," said David Fry. " Well, David," returned Denby, " let's look on the funeral as over fer you and me, and see to it that we treat Ernest Farrell, when he comes back with his wife and children, as a man who suffered shame and sorrow for the sake o' the truth, and look on the new house he's goin' to build on the ruins of the old one, as a sort o' monument to Agnes Farrell, whose terrible suffering has taught us a lesson in charity we won't be likely soon to forgit" " Amen," responded David Fry. **.**« " I've many blessings, Mary; you and our boy are the first, and greatest," said Samuel Marlin, now no longer Sheriff of Claire County : " and many things to be thankful for; but for nothing am I more thankful and grateful, than that Agnes Earrell and her son escaped, as by fire, a shameful and unmerited death ; and," he added, after a pause, " that Richard Martin died in his bed." THE KND. 