MR. STEAD'S "REAL CHOST STORIES." "Real Ghost Storios" is tho titlo of tho Christmas number of tho Itcvicw of Redact. The colieotiou includes several old fashioned blood curdlers ; but the sixpenny worth, as a whole, may be described as unique. Following are a few examples of Mr. Stead's sensa tions : — THE CLAIRVOYANT AND THE MURDERER. The idea of using the clairvoyant as a spiritual sleuthkound to track down an unknown mur derer has always been a fascinating one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a cato iu which everything in the vision tallied with the case afterwards got together against n particular man, who had a foud with the murdered man but who got off with a sort of " not proven" verdict : — ' ' The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered 'to look for tho placo whero the murder had been committed and see the wholo scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describe him and his home and the motive for tho murder.' Miss Olsen then spoke as follows, In great agitation, sometimes using violent gestures. . I took notes of her exact words and reproduce them hero folly : It is between two villages— I see a road— in a wood — now it is coming— the gun— now ho is coming along, driving — the horse is afraid of tho stones — hold tho horse ! hold tho horse ! now ! now ho is killing him — he was kneeling when he fired— blood ! blood ! now he is running in tha wood — seize bim !— he is running in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits — not on any footpaths. Ho wears a cap and grey clothes— light— has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for a long time— grey-bluo oyc3— treacherous looks— great dark brown beard — ho is accustomed to work on tho road. I believe he has cut his right hand. Ho has a scar or a streak between his thumb and forefinger. Ho is suspicious and a coward. ' Tho murderer's home is a red wooden house, standing a little way back from the road. On the ground floor is a room whioh leads into the kitchen, aDtl from that again into the pas sage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wissef jorda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the passage. ' His motive was enmity ; it seems as if ho had bought something— taken something— a paper. He wont away from home at day break, and, the murder was committed in the even ing. "Miss Olsen was then awakened, and, liko all my subjects, she remembered porfeetly what she had been seeing, whioh had made a very profound impression on her. "Everything tallied, as itturaed out, down to the scar on tho hand. "The clairvoyant had neverscen the murderer in her life, and know nothing of tho circum stances." warxed is vaik. " Supernatural " warnings arc sometimes on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while sorious and even tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against whioh they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumulations of tho S.P.R., which "is full of the tragic fascination whioh attaches to the strugglo of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within tho sight of those to whom he had revealed tho vision." Tho Btory in brief is as follows :— "Mr. Fleet was third mate on the sailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaido for London in 1868. Ono of the crow, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christ- mas morning, as tbo Porsian Empire was pass ing Capo Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with tho rest of his watch to securo a boat hang ing in tho davits over tho side. He and another got into tho boat when a fearful Bea broke over tho ship, washing them both out of the boat into tho sea, whero they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him that ho was most reluctant to join tha ship, bat ho overcame his scruples and sailed. On Christmas eve, when they were Hearing Capo Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exact in ail its particulars. Ho uttered a terrible cry, nnd kept muttering " I know it will come true." On Christmas day, exactly as ho had foreseen, Cleary and the rest of tho watch wore ordered to secure a boat hanging in tho davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because ho knew he would ho drowned, that all the cir cumstances of his dream had come true up to that moment, nnd if be went into that boat he would die. Ho was taken below to tho captain, and his re fusal to discharge duty was entered in the log. They, the chief officer, Douglas, took the pea to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him and exclaimed, 1 will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream.' Haloid Douglas, as they went on deck, of his d'iam. They got into the boat, and when tbey were all . making tight a heavy sea struck tho vessel with such force that the crew would have been washed overboard bad they not citing to the mash Tho boat was turned over and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little timo and then went down. ; It wits just, three months after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide." \- a sister's dream, i Hero is another thrilling sailor story bearing on the subject of apparitions at the moment of death : — . .."A great gust of wind seized . the Half- slackened maintop sail, and sent it fluttering into fragments. At the same moment the ship reeled nearly on hor beam ends, and, .above the ihowlingof the gale, we heard < a sudden cry of despair,. I was horrified .to sco an apprentice, J P- — , sent whirling headlong from the masthead- into the ' sea. - Even yet I can see .the : look of ajgony stamped on :bis upturned face, and I can- hear tho vory tones of his heartrending cry, 'Oh 1 Lucy, Lucy,' as . he disappeared for ever in the darkness, below. " After the storm abated,' tho captain made a bsreful note of the exact time of tbo occurrence, the position of tho ship and the other particulars. Ho seemed struck at my mention of the excla mation I had overheard falling from tho poor fellow's lips as he olutched in vain at the yield ing aiy. ' ; -"VAIi,' he said, ' that muBt have been his sister, Luoy V— — , to .whom , ho was greatly attached.', "The rest of. tlio voyage passed without inoident, and as soon as the ship ariivcd at Liverpool I-made my way to the train whioh was to tako me to Manchester.' . : " I was. walking idly along: the plnttorm when I saw the face ot an old gentleman, who, with a young lady on his arm, was elbowing his way through tho crowd. His reseihblnuco to our lost mate was so Btriking that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly alio gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaiming : — 'Ob, look, there's the face of my dream!' stared at me as if fascinated. Hor companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the uearest waiting room. As ho passed he begged mo to coiuo with them nnd handed me his card. " AVbon we were alone tho old gentleman ex plained that tho sight of my face had reminded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasant dream, to which she still persisted in attaching importance. Ho said. at the present moment, indeed, we arc on our way to discover if. the owners of my son's Bhip have received any news of its arrival.' "I said, 'lam an apprentice of the 0-. — , and have but lately loft lior lying in tbo harbor.' "'Then,' tho young lady cried, 'I must bo right. It mnst bo true. Twas that man's face I saw gazing at him as ho foil I saw Joe's ship ia the midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to tho slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pass before ray eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in tho momentary. gleam, and I woke per fectly terrified to hear tho sound of my own name—" O Lucy ! Lucy 1" whispered in my cars.' " Tho expression of my face must have con veyed but too well ..the moaning of my silence. . , "'My God !' cried Mr.—, "is 16 true, then? Is be dead?' "I stammered, 'Too true, sir. T e>, tierj word of itl I was beside him at , the moment, and even tried to save him.' . " On comparing notes wo found thattho dream took place tho very day, allowing for tho dif- 8 fcrenoe in longitude, evoa tho very hour 8 when the aooident ocourrcd. 8 an eerie btoby from the 6ubtlands. 8 Hore is a samplo of the narratives repeated in 8 good faith by tho superstitious folk of the 8 remoto Shetlands B 41 One day iu 1836 a fishorman of tho namo of B Grey found that when returning from fishing B pj0 boat stopped witnout any apparent cause. B la vain ho strained at tho oars; it would not m0vc a foot. Ho looked over the prow, thinking B jig might bavo got entangled in seaweed, but the I water was clear. Ho thought ho might have 1 struok on a luddon shoal, so rooked tho boat. B She rooked freely, showing thero was water B under her keel. Grey then looked over the 1 stern, and to his horror saw a man, whom ho B knew had been dead for six months, holding on to tbo stern post. This man was ono with whom B ho had some little quarrel, and Grey bosought B him to freo tho boat, saying that ho had hoped B that death would have cancelled all enmity B between them. Without replying, the man still B hold on, and at last, in despair, Grey took his B axe and hooked off the stern post, when tho boat B at once shot forward. Tho man, however, cried B out that Grey and ho should meet again in six B weeks. Groy, in great fear, hastoncd home and B told his family and friends of the occurrence. B In si< weeks, at tho oxaot time tho dead man B had named, Groy was found in tho morning B doad in bod. A son of Robert Grey, who saw B the mutilated boat como in, was at any r&to; B keeping a sailors' boardinghouso in Antwerp ; | but thero are many in tho Shetland Isles who R well remember tho circumstance and seeing tho | boat with tho stern post out off." B ghosts aggressive and tangible. B GhoaU tako many and various forms, and B there are a few pretty torrifying ones in Mr. B Stead's collection. Thero arc diabolical float- | iog faces and mutilated trunks. Thoro is a B ghost which inflicted its oompany on an unhappy B living friend for a walk of somo duration, which B it enlivened with a long and detailed ncoount of I its violent death, and with the spectacle of its 1 body "burning from within, outwards uncon- 2 anmcd." Thero aro aggressive ghosts whioh I pull off one's bed clothes, or grapple with 1 one in a confusion of material or immaterial. I There is oven a ghost which attacked a I railway porter at night accompanied by a I ghostly dog, which actually bit tho porter in the I calf of his leg. t And thero is one which strikes I us as the Gnly instance we have yot come aoross I of a "warm, soft and plump " ghost— but the Soor thing only consisted of a hand and arm. ut we will conclude with a very creepy talc, I whioh shows that a mutilated ghost does not always oorrospond with a mutilated corpse. Tho I apparition may fib itsolf out, it seems, with the I very parts which are missing in tho mortal I remains, to say nothing of making its prcBonco I known by an cncrgetio smack on tho back I 44 About the raiddlo of the first decade of this I century there lived in tho little seaport town of I Girvan, in South Ayrshire, a young man and I his sister ; thoy were warmly attached to each I other. My grandmother, from whom I heard I their story, was intimately acquainted with tho I young woman. Tho brother followed the pro- I carious and dangerous avocation of tho fisher, I and our story begins with tbo loss of biB life by I the swamping of his boat in a storm. I "For a week or two his sister was inconsolable ; | her mind dwolt in imagination on tho loved I form of her brother tossed amongst the weeds | and ooze on tho bed of the ocean, the food for I fishos and the dwelling place for crteping I things. I At this stago tho body was discovered in a I rooky part of tho coast owing to a singularly I vivid dream droamt by a casual visitor to the I town, an incident remaikable in itsolf but not K to our present purpose. The corpse, whioh was I. muck decomposed, had lost tho right hand. I This mutilation made a deep and painful impres- I 8ion on the sistor's mind. J I "Ever nnd anon, sho would burst into a fit of I weeping, wringing lier own hands, and bewailing I tho loss of her brother's hand. I 44 This continued for about a week, until ono I night, preparatory to eoiug to bed, sho had I undressed : but before sho had got into bed, I overcome by tho force of her emotions, she I throw her face on tho pillow and burst out I weeping, nnd bemoaning tho lost baud; but I scarcely bad she done so when, with a ory of I fear, sho sprang from the bed. I " Her cries soon brought tho other inmates of I the bouse to her room, nnd when questioned she I informed them that when she had thrown bcr- I self on the bod, she felt some one givo her a slap I on tho back, ob if with the open hand ; and that I the place where sho was struck was still prick- I ing from the effects of the blow, and put her I hand over her shoulder to point out the placo I whore sho was struok. I "They examined tho place, and over the I shoulder blade, in vivid blue, was the impression I of a man's right hand. " 