\- Aboard the Lugger. Tke Fisher «irl's Proposal j- HABIT last fall there oied in Troy an r «Id man .-»nd hi3 wife The vornan went ?~"first, and tho husband tunk a chill at her 'grave's edge, «hen he stood bareheaded ; ina lashing Bhower. On the seventh day he died of plenro-pnuumoaia, and on the . tenth fa Sunday) they buried him. For just 60 years rlie dtad nun had been \- minister of the Independent Chapel on the bill, and had laid down his pastorate : two years-before. on his gulden wedding day. What was his story 1 "When, at the close of the year 1839, the Rev. Samuel Bax visited Troy for the \- first time, to preach his trial sermon at Salem Chapel, hu arrived by Bontigo'a van late on a Saturday night and \- departed again for Plymouth at 7 o'clock on Monday morning. Ha had just turned 21, and looked younger, and che zeal of his calling strong upon him. Mare over he was sinken with nervous anxiety ' for the success of his sermon. The deacons fixed the subject of these trial sermons, and had chosen original sin on ?~ the ground that a good beginning was . half the battle The maids in the con \ gregatioa knew before hand that he was \- ' unmarried, and came sut cf the chapel . .knowing also that his eyes were brown, < that bis hair had a reddish tinge . - in curtain lights, thai one of his \- coffs was frayed slightly, but bis black coat had scarcely been worn a dozen timas ; with other trifles. They loitered by the chapel door until he came out, in OHOpany with "Deacon Snowden, who waa conveying bim off ro dincer The deacon on week days w >& hirtw master of the \- ' port, and on hun-A-ya iff rded himself roast duck for dinnur. Lizzie Snowden .walkedat her father's righc hand. She was a slightly bloodies* blonde, tall, with ' . a pretty complexion, and bair upon which, it was rumored, she could sit if she so .. aainded. The girls watched the young . preacher and, his entertainers as they moved down the hill, the deacon talking ? L and his daughter turning her head aside ^ae if it were merely in th« section of the \- 'world situated on her rigbc hand that Bbs took the least interest. s.* - ' .' That's to show'en the big plait," com ^ wianted one "of the group. "He can't ' turn his head her say, but it stares 'en in the face." "An' her features look best from the left side, as everybody knows." Roan is a small town thal faces Troy .: across the diminutive harbor, or perhaps "._ I should say that Troy looks down upon : it at this slight distance. When a Trojan ?< speaks of it be says, ** Across the water," "with as much implied contempt aa though he-meant Botany Bay There is no .. cogent reason for this except that the , poorer class at Ruau earns ita .livelihood by fishing -Now there was a Rnan girl standing just outside this group, and she h«ard what was said Her name was Nance -. Trawartha,. and her father waa a fisher- man. Moreover, abe was his only child, . and helped him at his trade. She could handle a boat as well as a man ; she r- know every sea mark np and down the .' .coast for 40 miles ; she could cut up . : bait:; and ber hands were horny with handling ropes from her childhood. i'-'Bot on Sunday she wore gloves, and came across the ferry to chanel, and was as wise as any of her '.' sax. She had known before coming . out of har pew that the yoong minister \- bad a well-shaped back to his head, and a gold ring on his little finger with some '.- Sody'B hair in th* collet, under a crystal. 8he was dark, straight, and lissome of figure, with rips lips and eyes as black aa ~i -sloes, and she hoped that the hair in the . minister's ring waa his mother's. She was . ."wall aware of her social inferiority, but -the truth maybe told-aha choose to . Jbrget It,that morling, and to wonder * ''what this young man would be like aa a . -husband., She had looked up into his face dÉrrng sermon time, devouring his boyish features,- "noticing his refined accent, ' marking avery gesture. Certainly he was euaaalj and danrable. .-".*."" Three "weeks later the Rev. Samuel Bax received his call. :i He arrived, to assume his duties, in .th* waning light of a soft January day. , Bontigo'i van set him down, with a \- .-carpet bag, hand-box; and cheat of booka at the door of the lodgings which Deacon Snowden had taken for him. The house ; stood in the north street, as it is called. It was a small, yellow-washed building, . containing just half a dozen rooms, and 7 of these the two aeb apart for the minister' looked , straight upon the ; harbor. Under his sitting-room window ; was a little garden, and at the end of the Krdan alow wall with a stretch of water hind It,- and a barque that lay at anchor but a stone's throw away, .as it seemed, its masts overtopping the misty ??. hillside that closed the view. A green« .- .painted door was let into the garden.' wall -a ,door with two flaps, the upper of : .which stood epen, and through this opening he caught another glimpse of ; ? ; grey water. The landlady, who showed him into thia room and it ones began to explain that the furniture was better than it looked, was hardly prepared for th* . rapture with which he stared ont of the window. His boyhood had been spent in a sooty Lancashire town, and to bim th* -.-green garden, the quay door, the barque, and the stilly water seemed to fall little : abort of Paradise. . "I reckoned you'd like it," she said. *' An' to be sure, 'tia a blessing you do." He turned his stare upon her for a moment. She was. a benign-looking woman of abou^ 50, in a short-skirted gray goan and widow's cap. .» Why do you say that !" . ? " Because, leavin' out the kitchen, ' there's but four rooms, two for you an' two for me; two facin' the harbor an' tao facin' the Btreet. Now, if you'd took .'»-dislike to this lookout I must ha' pnt -you over the streetr an' moved in here -anyser. I do like the street, too. Ther*> so much more doin'." " I think this arrangement will be better in every way," said the young minister. " I'm main gladr- lu, there's no deny in' that I'm main glad. From upstairs yon can see right down the harbour, '- -which is prettier again. Would'ee like to \- ase it nowl O'course you would-an' \- itll be so much handier far answerin' the door, too. There's a back door at the and o' th* passage. You've only to slip a bolt an' yon'm out in th* garden-ont to your boat, if you choose to keep one. \- "Bot the garden's tidy to walk" up an' '. down in an' make up your sermons, wi' nobody to. overlook you but the folk \- next door, sn* they'm church-goers." After supper that evening the young minister unpacked his books and was about to arrange them, but drifted to the window instead. A slight sound drew the minister's gaze down from the mood to the quay door. Its upper flap still stood open, allowing a square of moonlight to pierce th* straight black shadow of the garden wall. In this square there was now framed the head and shoulders of a human \- being. The young man felt a slight chill run ~ down his spine. He lesnsd forward out of 'the window and challenged thu appari \- rion, bating his tone as all people bate it at that hour. " Who are you 1" he demanded, and \- what ia your business here ? ' , There was no reply for a moment, . though he felt sure his voice must hav< carried to the quay door. The figure " paused for a second or two, then unbarred .- r the lower flap of the door, and advanced _ across the wa! l'a shadow to the centre oi th* bright grass plot under th* window. It waa the figure of a young woman Ber head was bare and ber sleeves turnet ' up to the elbows. She wore no cloak o: .wrap tb cover her from the night air, ant . har abort skirted, coa rs« frock waa opel ¿ at the neck As she turned up bar face fa : the window th* minister could see by thi '.i? aron's rays that it wa* wall f avored. .^"-".."Bn tar tha- sew preacher 1 " ahi asked, resting a hand.on her .hip and speaking sof tly np to. him. - "lam the new Independent minister." . " Then Tve come for you." . "Come for mel" "Isa; miy name's Nance Trewarths, an'you 'en wanted across the'water, quick. Old Mrs. Slade's a-dyin' to-night over yonder." . "She wants mel" ..' "She's one o' your cong'ration, an' can't die easy till you've seen her. I reckon she's got something 'pon her mind ; an' I was to fetch yon over, quick aa T could." As shs spoke the church clock down in the town chimed ont the hour, and imme- diately after ten strokes sounded.on the clear air. - - The minister consulted his own watch, and seemed to be considering. " Very well," said he, \ after^ a pause. "I'llcome. I suppose I must cross by the ferry? " I "Ferry's closed thia two hours, an' you needn't wake up anyone in the house. j I've brought father's boat to the ladder below, an' I'll bring you back again. You've only to step out here by the back door. An' wrap yourself up, for'tis a bravo distance." "Very well. I suppose it's really i serious." I " Mortal. Tm glad you'll come," ehe added. ! The young man nodded down in a j friendly manner, and, going back into the I room slipped en his overcoat, picked up' his hat, and turned the lamp down care- fully. Then he struck a match, found hi« way to the back door, and unbarred j it. The girl was waiting for him, still in the centre of the grass plot. " I'm glad you've come, ' she repeated, but this time there was something like constraint in her voice. Aa she pulled to the door softly she led the wsy down to the water side. From the quay-door a long ladder ran down to the water. At low water one had to descend 20ft. and more ; but now the high tide left but three of its rungs uncovered. At the young minister's feet a small fishing boat lay ready, moored by a short painter to the ladder. The girl stepped down and held op her. band. " Thank you," said the young man, with dignity, "but I do not want help." She made no answer to thia, but, aa he stepped down, went forward and ns moored the painter. Then she pushed gently away ftom the ladder, hoisted thc small foresail, and, returning to her oom panton, stood beside bim for a moment with her hand on the tiller. "Better make fast the foresheet," sh« said. . The young man looked helplessly at ! her. He had not the slightest idea o: her meaning ; did not, in fact, know chi j difference between a foresheet and i mainsail. And it was just to find ont th« I depth of his ignorance that she hw spoken. "Never mind," she said, "Til do i myself." She made the rope fast and took hoi« of the tiller again. It aeemed to him tba they were not shaping their course fo: , the little town. "I thought yon told me/' he said "that Mrs. --, the dying woman, live« across there." The girl chook her head. "Not ii Buen- Roan parish. We'll hara to g< round the point." "Do you mean to say," he asked "that yon don't take cold wearing m wrap or bonnet on frosty nights lik< this?" She let the tiller go for a moment, tool his hand by the wrist and laid it on he bare arm. He felt the flesh, but it wa firm and warm. Then be withdrew hi hand hastily, without finding anything t< say. His eyes avoided bera. When after half a minute, he looked at he again her gase waa fixed straight abe* upon the misty stretch of sea beyond th harbour's mouth. In a minute or two they were sweepin between the tall cliff and the reef of rock that guard this entrance on either side The girl began to flatten the sails, an asked her companion to bear a hand Their banda met over a rope, and th man noted with surprise that the- girl1 was feverishly hot. "How much farther?" asked th minister. She nodded toward» the first point i the direction of Plymouth. He turns his coat collar up about his ears and won dered if his duty would often take him o: such journeys as this. They passed the small headland an still the boat held on ita way. " I had no idea you were going to tas me this distance. Didn't you say* th house lay just beyond the point we've jui passed 1" To his amassment the girl drew bene up, looked him straight in the face, an said : " There'e no such place.'' " What!" .. . 11 There's no snob place. There's m body Ul at all. I told yen a lie." " Yon told me a lie. Then why, in tl name of common sense, am I here 1" "Because, young minister-becauw sir, I'm sick o' love for you, and I want'« to marry me." " Great heavens 1 " the young minist« muttered, recoiling. " Ia the girl mad 1 "Ah, but look at me, sir." 81 seemed to grow stiU taller as she stoc there, resting one hand on tba tiller, ai looking at 'him with perfectly serioi eyes. "Look at me weU before yoi fancy lights 'pon some other o' the girl To-morrow thoy'll be all after 'ee, ai this'll be my only chance, for my fathei so bet ter'n a plain fisherman, and they1 all above me in money an' rank. I be b a common Kuan girl, an' my family counted for naught. But look at me we] there's none stronger nor comelier, n that'll love thee so dear !" The young man gasped. "Seb i ashore at once ! " he commanded, stan ing his foot. She shook her head. "No, lad, wont. And, what's more, you don't kn< how to bandle a boat, and couldn't g back by yoursel', not in a month." "This ia stark madness. Yon-y abandoned woman, how long do y intend to keep me here ?" " Till thou give in to me. We'm go: straight t'wards Plymouth now, an' U l wind holds-aa 'twill-we'll be off t Rame in two hours. If you haven't si moyes by that, maybe we'll go on; < perhaps, we'll run across to the coast France-" " Girl, do you know that if I'm i back by daybreak, I'm ruined." " And, ob, man, man ! Can't 'ee i that rm ruined, too, if I turn bi without your word ? How shall I show i fsce in Troy streets again, tell me ?" At thia sudden transference of reept aibility the minister staggered. "You should have thought of tl before." he said, employing the c obvious ac B wer. "O'course I thought of it But love o' you I mada up my mini.to risk An' now there's no goin' back." S paused a moment and then added, ai thought struck her : " Why, lad, doet that prove I love 'ee uncommon ?" " I prefer not to consider the questi Once more-will you go back ?" "I can't." He bit his lips and moved forward the cuddy, on the roof of whi:h he sea himself »ulkily. The girl tossed him end of rope. " Dear, better coil that up an' sit n it. The frost'll strike a chul into th< With this she resumed her old attit by the tiller. Neither spoke. For the most part minister avoided the girl's eyes and nursing his wrath. The Whole affair ludicrous ; but meant the sudden ruii his good name at the very start of . career. A star shot down from the milky i and disappeared behind the fl, 1 shoulder His eyes, following it, countered bera. She left the tiUer case alowly forward. "IntB^miauteewe'UopenPlymi Sound," ehe said quietly, and then, with a sharp gesture, dung both arms out towards him. " Oh, lad, think better o't, an' turn back wi' me Say you'll marry me. for I'm periihiu* o' love." The moonshine fell on her throat and extended arms. Her lips were parted, her head was thrown back a little, and for the first time the young minister saw that she was beautiful. " Ah, look, look at me," she pleaded. " Take my hands ; they'm.shapely to look at and strong to work for 'ce " ' Hardly knowing what he did, the young man took them. . Then in a moment he let them go-but too late. They were about his neck. w He bent forward a little, and their lips "met So steady was the wind that the boat still held on her course ; but no sooner had the girl received the kiss that she knew, to be a binding promise than she dropped ner arms, walked off, and shifted the helm. " Unfasten the sheet here," she com manded, " and duck your head clear o' the boom.'? As soon as their faces were set for home, the .minister walked- back to the cuddy roof and sat down to reflect. Not a w.rd was spoken till they reached the* harbor's mouth again, and- then he pulled out his watch. It was half-past four in the morn ing. :-/ " . j Outside the Battery point the girl I hauled down the . sails and got out the sweeps ; and together they pulled up under the still sleeping town to the minister's quay door. She was white as sa ghost and trembling from top to toe. ^* Nance-did you say your name was Nance?" She nodded. . "What's the matter?' " l'il-I'll let yon off if you want to be let off." " I'm net sure that I do," he said, and stealing up the ladder - stood at the top j and watched her boat as she steered it ; back to Ruau.. j Three months after they were married. 