THUNDERBOLT'S MATE. BY B. W. HobnTWO. I. "Penelope Lew, centering from the wool-shed. 4o the home-station in the red light of a Riverine sunset, was. beyond a doubt,- the nick of all the merry- looking, black-haired, blue- -jj little ffllnxfS in the. colony. It Is true that gtere was sot another raiua of any deocription within fifty miles of the BilbU boundary -fence ; bat there woe not n second Penelope in New South Wales; atoll events, not one to ootnparo i ' with the Penelope that cantered home so briskly thi« evanfng, niter a long day out at the gbed. Her spirits were not always so high, nor , bar looks so jaunty aud engaging. It was a gperial occasion; the day now dying had beeu , tbehappiest day of Penelope's life ; it was tho first day of the shearing at Dilbil Station. . All day long little Miss Pen, ou her piebald Dooy, had been helping with the sheep—really japing, not hindering. It was not the first tfioashe had helped with the sheep ; she could «« mooter" with the best, and the mysteries of ci yarding-up " were not mysteries to Pen ; but it was the first time she had been allowed out attheehed during shearing. Last year she was too young; the privilege had been promised her when she should have entered "dooblo figures." jSnfl now that Rubicon was passed ; . the child ini ton: and three times a week, while lasted , Pen was to be one of the regular bands for mustering the woolly sheep and driving the shorn ones back to thoir paddocks. Xhe first day of this stirriug work was at au end, and it had not disappointed her. This was why her bluo eyes were so full of light, and her brown little face of animation. Tnis was why she was pleased to imagine herself a real, big, bearded Bushman; ainlwhy shemU6tneeaeriao in tho thick scrub, a mile wide of the track— the very thing a real bushman would not have done. Not that tli2re was the least fear of Penelope. She woe tho very last person to lose her way ou BilbUrun. She knew every mileof it- particu larly those few between the homostead aud the <woolsbed— too well for that, But it was good practice to strike a straight line through the scrub wbeu opftortumty offered ; and Pen was now in one of tho thickest holts of scrub ou the mo, which was famous S-r its small share of useless timbered couutry. and for tho extent of its fertile ralt-buah plain. Here and there, -where tho short troaa gre -v sparsely, pools of lingering suuligbt lay acro»e the pony's path ; once a great carpet-smfce— thick as a strong man's arm, and exquisitely marked- glided into its bole almost under liis cantering hoofs; aud more than once hue red kangaroos bounded noiselessly past, in front of his nose. The tuny did not mind, being bush bred, and used to the pwift, silent movements of its denizens. The silence, indeed, was extraordinary : it always is in a belt of scrub. Keen the pony's canter was muffled iu the soft sandy soil. Penelope apparently grow tired of tho silence all at once, for she uncoiled the loog la«h of her atock-wkip— her real bushmau's stock-whip— and crackod it -smartly. With the long lash swinging in the .air for a seooud shot, she suddenly pulled up the poi-y. She fancied she had beard b human cry. She cracked the whip again; this time it wp.i uo fancy; a man's voice was calling faiutly for lmlp. Penelope was slurtlod, and for an instant greatly frightened. Then, as she could see nothing, she took about the wisest course open to her; she marked the spot where she had first heard tho err— which was being repeated at short intervals— and look it for the centre of a circle which she now proceeded to describe at a slow tret. The immediate result of this saancBurre was that she almost rode over a man who was sitting on th« ground in the shadow of a hop-bush with bis two hands planted firmly behind him, aud half h;s weight upon hie straightened arms. The pony shied ; kangaroos it knew, and wishes it knew, but a solitary man squatting behind a hop-bush in the heart of tho scrub was a distinct irregularity. Tha neit momeut Pen Jeapt lightly from the mldle, and the tuan -uttered one word, aud (hat indistinctly — «' Water!" Pen tore from her saddle the canvas water- bag which was another of her 44 real burinnau'e' equipments. 41 There's precious little in it, trot there's a drop or two, I know," she exclaimed, uervously; aud she was down at hie side, wrenching Iho ik from the glass mouthpiece. 44 Take care of that leg, for God's sake!" ejaculated the maB. 14 Why, whateverle the matter?" She had noticed that his left leg was lying in an odd position. 44 Broken," answered the man; and his lips dosed over the mouthpiece. It was no misfortune that there was not more water in the log. There was enough to moisten lips and tongue and throat, and a mouthful or two besides. Had there been more, the man might have done himself lurm, as men have done before onobtainiug water after enduring the pangs of-pnalooged thirst. Though far from satisfied, however, the inau was relieved. Moreover, he knew uow that he was saved. He sank back and closed Ids eyes with a look of weary thankfulness. Penelope gazed down upon him, uot liking to say anything, and uncertain for the moaieut what to ao. He was a laau, she guessed, of about her father's age — between forty and fifty; but his loog black, hair was not yet grizzled, nor was there a single grey strand in , vie bushy black beard and whiskers. Below ; the line of black h»ir, the forehead was ghastly iu its pallor; and the deep bronze of the lower part of the face had , poled into a sickly, jnllow hue as of jaun dice. The features were pinch-id a-id drawn; the closed eyes like deep-set caverns. The limbs were large end powerful, and had all the grace and suppleness of vigorous life— all bat the left leg. That limb had the hard and motionless outline of death, and lay. besides, iu an unnatural position. The rent bad neither coat nor 44 swag," but be wore long riding- boots and spurs, and this led Penelope to tho con elusion — which turned out to be correct- that he had been thrown from horseback. She also noticed that hie right hand rested upon his wideawake, which was on the ground at his side, as though he faired its being blown away, aud this struck her as odd. seeiug that the day was closing without a breath of wind. At iongth he opened hib eyes. " How far is it to the homestead, m.psy r" 44 From here ? Abuut two miles," reDlied Pen. ijo you thtQKi asked the fallen mau, half shyly, 41 they would send— if they kuew r" "Think? I knjw thev would; why, of Course. Only, the wont of it is, there's hardly any one at the homestead. There's only mother, and Sid tho butcher, and Sammy the Chinese coric. I don't f-uppose the groom's gotinyet; he was musfariug— and so was I, The rest are out of (he hbed, The shearing began to-day, you know.'4 44 Howfir from this in tiie shed, then r" ' Well, it'ssix miles frim the homestead," Said Fen thoughfully, 11 so it must be about four fromhere. I'm c<-rt». u it isn't a yard leas than four miles from hero: I've just come from there." 44 lio you think thry w >»ild eend Y My leg's broken. I've been lyiuu here twenty-four nourl. But for you, lit i ie missy, touigbt would have finished me, straight; though, for that matter— Bless me, missy, you're mart at mounting that lit'fa p»ny of yours!" Penelope had vaulted bick into the saddle. Hot red little lips wore tightly pressed, her teeth clenched. And there worn uo more euu sy® anywhere to be scou, butouly a pule, piuk reflection in the westprn sky. _ " Are you going to ride" ba-Ar to the shed, little min— alone — so late ?" 11 Yes ; I'm off. They'll be here with the boggy in another hour." The man muttered u Id toning ; it was no good blessing her aloud, for Pen hu3 b-r pony were ft good twenty yards aw.ty ; the trues and their tbaaows rinMul Am. it.. - BeTorethesoundof ho galloping hoofs died way, the broken-legg-d bushman lifted his 3u the ground ; aud under it «U uewhue had lain a brace of revolvers. ««, the sound of hoot's returnod, and with utbatof wheels, the revolvers had disappeared. jxo one could have guessed that they were ten ucnea under grouud. But tho man's finger- tom aud bvut, aud the sand had penetrated to the qoick, nu. v Jl- #v«6 ad uittndthat evening that «ere was something after nil in the Ambulation ovemant. The a dm asion was remarkable, wwause for years be had vowod that th»re was movement. During his lost 8 holiday in Melbourne he bad attended a erse of ambulance classes, to pacify his wife, wno worried hint into it, and to convince her »vs« «.ow® experience that there wasno- j?r1,0i8claasee ; aud he accepted thecertifi- awarded him as a eon- ,ProoUat this oortifio.rie was withrn 5SKL52?1 1 "ch ; thus disparaging him«>lt to the luovpmeot of which he bad heard a The Phti'stiue was converted now. £«lojrture kadcomein his way, a few jungle directions had come bsck to his mind ; 8ei i surprise, he knew all about it when xne moment came ; to his greater delight, the 1 leg seemed to et Itself. Lafa iuto tha4 hours go, in the Ou«h— Wllltam aass stumped Qpand down hut wife's sitting. (268) room iii eostiflioa; delighted with bitnself, de- iihtud with tho nmbulauca classes ; delighted with his wjfowhO hod goaded hiru iuto attend ing them. His delight might have bean less had shelakttiher. triamph loss gently, but as a matter of foot; she Was doing her very best to rend a book, aod could uot'for his chatter. "I never saw a neater break in tny life," William Loe roptjrtud for thn twentieth time — " plain a3 a pikd- staff and clean as a whislle, And I do Iwlieve I've set it snfc and ft-umi. He's eleap'ng now tike a top." Mr. Lees was hard-working, open-handed, and kindly, and as popular among the station bands as any 8|Uatter need wish to bs. Hb was a man of prepossensiog looks, witii eyes as 'merry and good-natured and almost as blue as those of bis small daughter: and he joined a schoolboy's enthusiasm with a love of personal exerhou wbicfi no schoolboy was ever vet known to ex hibit. "1 fttu glad you have been ablo to mako the poor man eo comfortable," remarked Mrs. Lees —not for the first titno, cither— without looking up from her book. "Comfortable?. I've fixed him up Al: you, should jasteee. He's in youug Miller's room. I'll toll you what I've doue; first of all, I've shifted — — " - 44 1 dou't at all know how 1 6hall got on with him upon ray hands while I am all alone, as I am to be this shearing." There was some Blight petulance in her tone ; ho bad been obliged at last to 6hut op her book in despair. It yts not that she was an atom less kind and gosdjth&n; her husband, in her own way. But it was a "Very different way. Mrs. Lees was robust neither in health nor in spirits; in appearance she was delicate and pale, in her manner gentle; hat there were signs of deter mination in her thin sweet face— particularly about the mouth— which were not difficult to read, end which, by the way, were reproduced pretty plainly iu Pensions. She Uy in one of those long, wicker- work arrangements which are more like sofa than chairs, as her husband paced the room and puffed hie p:pe ; she die liked the sreoks no leas than the incessant tramping to and frn; but she complained of neither. 44 Why bother your head about hini, my dear?" said the bet, .still marching up and down . 4 1 If you just look him up now ana then, and flue that Sammy feeds him properly — he must live like aflghting-cock, you know— that'll He all that's necessary. I don't fancy, from what I eee of him, that he's the one to talk much to anybody ; but if, for instance, he cared to be reed to, why, you — or oven Pen — could do that for bim ; though not, of course, to uny wearisome extent." For a while Mr. Lees remained silent and thoughtful. 44 Has he tuld you all about ih«: acc.dent, Will P" she asked at length. 44 He fell off his horse." 41 Bat tho circumstances- was be alone V" 44 1 BhouH thinkso ; 1 didn't ask and Will Lees shrugged his shoulders, as much as to say that that was no buriuess of Lis. 44 Then what happened to Iub horse P And where was he Houud for ?" 44 1 really dittn't ask," answered the boss. 44 Well, t think you ought to know tuuivtAim of the man, Will, d»ar." Leas stopped in his walk, and pointed at his wife the pipe-stem of masculine scorn, 14 You ladies are so horribly suspicious !" he said. 44 AY bat business of mine is it who he is r What buBinessof miae— or yonrs— whether the man is a humbug or not, since that's what you're driving at? There was no humbug about the broken leg ; tkat's enough for me. i It ought to be eaongh for you, too ; for he can't pet at your silver spoous, my lady, and good old family plate, and priceless old ances tral jewels, and closets full of golden guineas — he can't getat any of them just yet a bit." The boss laughed load at his pleasautry, being pleased with himself in every way to night. 44 No, but" Mrs. Lees began earnestly: then she broke off : 44 Dear me, how late it is ! I am going to bed.' Sue went It had. been on the tip of her tongue to exprern the objection she felt to beiug left alone, or practically alone, from Monday till Saturday, for six long weeks, with this stranger within the gates. But aha remembered how heavily her husband hod paid . the previous year, through not giving to the shearing that personal supervision which was of little use unless it began with the first shift in the early morning. She knew that the overseer was too young a man to manage thirty-six shearers, aud half that number of "rousabouts," single- handed. She also knew that at a word from her, her husband would give up Bleeping out at the shed ; and this was the reason, of all others, whr she held her tongue. Nevertheless, William Lees did receive a biut as to the doubtful wisdom of leaving his wife aud child alone at the homestead without pro tection daring the inside of every week. It came from an outsider; in fact from no other than the object of Mrs. Lees's feminine sus picions. It was Saturday evening, the man having been brought in on tfie Thursday; the squatter had returned Irtun the wool-shed for the week's end ; and Ins very first care was to see how the broken leg was mending. The man lay in a room in the 44 barracks a superior sort of hut, with four' rooms, sacred to the bachelors of the 6tatiou. 44 Now, Brown," said the squatter, bustling in— Brown was the name tho man bad given— 44 let's have a look at the leg." The brief examination that followed was en tirely satisfactory to the amateur bone-setter — there was no professional one witLiu seventy miles of BilbtL The starched bandages were hard as flint ; the form of the leg was perfect; that tho snap had been really as simple as it seamed, there could be no longer any doubt. What wob far less satisfactory was the patient's face. 44 1 like the leg; it's doing very nicely," said Lees, sitting down on tho edge of the bed. 44 But I don't like your looks ; you look like death, man ! Are you eating anything, Brown 44 Plenty, sir, thank you. Sammy's a first- rate attendant," 44 But not first-rate company, eh ? Come, ray good fellow, I'm afraid you're moping. Mrs. Lees tells mo you seem to prefer being alone from morning till night ; indeed, you've us good as told her so." The pationtbtniled faiutly. and gazed at Lees with a strange expression in his cavernous eyos. 44 Shall I tell you, sir, who mopes more at tbi6 station thau I do'r" 44 By all means— if there i6 such a persoo." 44 But I don't want to give offence — 44 Then tioaesbail be taken. Who is it r" ine tmesis. 4 The reistreie ! What on earth do you mean, man?" 44 There ! I knew you wouldn't like it. But it's a fact. The missis mopes inore'n I do. It's corvous work for lonely women at a sta tion at night-time. Mrs. Lees, begging your 1 pardon, sir, is nervous, and well she may be." 44 Well she inay be ! My good follow, what are you driving at r" Brcwn closed his eyos. 44 You've heard of Thunderbolt, sir:" 4 4 I've heard of a villain known by that uame. ; What about hitu ? He's in Queensland, isn't he r" 44 He's a good deal nearer home, sir," re- phe-J Brown earnestly. 44 If I'm not mistaken, I saw bim a very little while ago. 1 dou't think I mn mistaken; I know him ; I have very ood reason to know him well — by sight." A ark look came over the white face. Brown grouud his teeth savagely. 44 1 was once stuck I up by him," he continued in a low voice. 44 1 i shall never forget him. And I saw him ua I ploia as I eo you, Mr. Lees," said Brown im pressively, opcnuig his eyes again—' the day 1 broke my Jeg-iu the paddock I broke it iu " 44 In ruy paddock?" cried William Lees, Brown raised bis head an inch from the pillow and voided. 44 As sure as I lie here, sir. You heard of Moolah Station, twenty miles south o' thiB, bjing stuck up last Wednesday r" 44 Ju6t heard of it to- day; but that was uever Thunderbolt?" 44 it wiij never anyone else, air!" "Then why should he leave in alone ? — Are you quu? certain you aren't mistaken. Brown ? And— what tae deuce is there to grin at, my 4 4 Nothing, sir. I beg pardon. Only Thunder bolt and Co. never did do two jebs runniug, with only twenty miles botween iltom. Strike, and show efaau heels ; that's their line. I know them— I tell you I've been stuck up by them. Now, if you was to hear of them twenty mites north" 4 1 bo a mate, then ?" 44 He had. Bui b&was; alone on Thursday — curse him ! As far being mistaken. T know l'ra not. I was in the scrub ; be was iu the open. ! It wa« just before my bore f»ll and smashed me— the horse that's nevrr been seen 'since. You can guess now who got it. Thunderbolt has a sharp eye for hore- liesh." The bast jumped up from the bed. 44 1 wish to Hoaven you'd told roe this before, Brown!1' 44 My teg was thatbid ; I couldn't think of things'" At this moment a hum ofwolcescame through the open window from rhe long verandah oppo site. Tile squatter looked oat hastily. 44 The i Bf-Jtoii uuriry!" he exclaimed. 44 Young Hooper ami Michie !" He hurried out. Brown closed his eyes wearily. But tho buzz of voices : oufsido grew louder and louder : and presently back rushed Lees to the sick-room, his face flaming with excitement, 44 You were right, Brown ! I couldn't have believed it ! It tea that villain you saw !" Brown raised himself upon one elbow. 4,i?ou ' don't menu that— that— they've Caught him ?' 44,l do! He ww taken at Belton this after noon; old Roopr has £Offiiwtber£tf<J\v: 'and young Hooper aud Michie are on their way to the township for the police." A grin of exultation spread over Brown's wau features— fo rade rapidly into a pcavish smilu of unbelief. His shoulders sank bank f»ebly upon the pillows; ho chook hi head slowly from side to side. "TbeyTl never keep him— never, never, though they'd caught him twrnty times over ! A slippery geutlereon ie Thunderbolt; I know him well ; he stuck me up, I tell you— he stuck rue up!" IU. The Belton buggy had come 25 miles at nx press speed ; the horses were steainiug ; and it was three miles farther to tho township. Never theless, youug Hooper was flicking his whip tu push on, wheu Leeu rau back, breathless, and got to the horses' heads. 44 Hold on !" 44 Can't, Mr. Lees." 44 You can— you roust. I'll send a man ou j horseback to tho township in half tho time it'll J toko you to drive. He'll be back with the police loug under the hour. Meanwhile, you will have had BOtnelbiug to cat with us, aud I shall have run up a fresh pair for your buggy. These aro dead- beat. It will save you time ui the end." Hooper and Michie put their beads together, but only for an instant. Tiie good seuse of tho squatter's proposal was as obvious as its food nature; Derides, it was the Bilbil dinner our, and the young men were hungry. As they alighted from the buggy, Lees ordered 1 the Belton horses to be watered and turned loose, and Bushman and Blnebeard, his own favourite pair, to be run up from the horse- paddock. Then, Mr. Lees having promptly despatched a messenger, tbey all adjourned to the diniogroom, where they found Mrs. Lees awaiting them. She was slightly pale, and scared by the sensational news, but eager to hear everything ; and she was soon in posses sion not only of the facts of the present case, but of znany other facts iu connection with Ibu notorious Thunderbolt, to Bay nothing of hearsay. Thunderbolt, then, was rumoured to be u man of far greater refinement thau most prac titioners in his line— Burke, Morgan, or Ben Hall, for instance ; he had also in some quarters a reputation for an alleged gallantry of bear ing towards all women who came iu his way professionally ; bat in violence, in daring, and 1 in insolence, ne was not second to the worst of them. The Hoopers had yarns about him from a station of theirs in Queensland, which was Thunderbolt's own colony and his commouest huuting-ground ; but Mtchie, the Belton over seer, had actually exchanged eliots with tbu desperado on a former occasion. You migtr. have kuown Bob Michie a lifetime without knowing a word about that incident, or iudeed about auy other incident iu which he bad bim self played a prominent part ; but the old story was wtuor from him to-uiglit. He had been on the lower Queensland ruads, in charge of sheep, and had happened to camp outside a township on the very uight that the bank there was visited by Thuuderbolt and his mate. Well, when the family at the bank were die- . covered sitting rouua the \ supper-table like corpses — gagged every one of them and tied to their chairs— a hue aud cry was started. It chanced that the discovery was made much soouer than the bushrangers had bargained for. The latter were surprised in camp a few miles from the township; they had just time to mount their horses, which ihey had not un saddled, and a hot chase followed. M'chic outstripped competitors in pursuit, had a bullet through his hat, and in return shot off the little finger of either Thuuderbolt or his mate ; in the darkness it was impossible to tell which, only the finger was fouud. 44 So I suppose the first thing you did to day, when you got your man eafe, was to make him how his hand, eh?" asked Lees, laughing; but neither hfichienor young Roopir had thought of it ; aud at this momeut voices were hoard outside. The meisenger had returned with the buggy and with a policeman. The sergeant ana another trooper were following on boree- back, and would overtake the buggy. With hasty apologies and good-byes the young men i left the table and drove oil. The meal would have gone on rather silently after that, for the tnen wero all yearning to be at Belton and see 1 the fun. ; but Penelope kept them busy answer ing her questions. She had drunk in every word that had fallen from the lips of the re- doubtable Mishie, and the item of the little fioger in particular bad entertained her greatly. All this was on tho Saturday evenrag. Snudiy brought startling news. The baggy and the police had arrived at Belton only to find tha bird flown— none knew how— none knew whither. Thunderbolt was at largo again aud in Hiverina. It went against the grain with William Leeu to return to the woolaued that night ; but bis wife assured him that she had no fear so long as Penelope and she were not left entirely alone ; aud indeed the chances were thai the bushranger, if not fpoedily reoaptured, would presi northward to the Queensland frontier. So Lees went, but left both the overseer sad the storekeeper behind him at the homestead. It was arranged that these two should drive out to the shed the first thing each rooming, re turning at sundown ; and the plan answered admirably. Never bad the Bilbil flocks beeu better shorn ; never had tbero been more per fect discipline at the Bilbil shed ; never less grumbling. Moreover, tbe 44 clip" throughout RiY6riaa was likely to piove a better one than had been obtained for yoar6. Meaowhile the broken ieg weut on mending in tbe most satisfactory fashion, and its owner seemed quite to have ingratiated himself with Mrs. Leee and hor little madcap daughter, Penelope. From the very fitst he bad been patient, and grateful for the smallest thiug doue for him: but a certain morosenes3, that bad disfigured his manner iu the earliest days, disfigured it no longer. Now be seemed guid enough of company, and Mrs. Lees often eat withluoi. Once or twice he even asked to be read to ; and Mrs. Lec6 was not only gooi enough to read to hitu by the hour, but sensible enough to mako the literature tbe lightest she could lay hands upon. Yet the roan was far from desiriug perpetual entertainment, Mrs, Lees presently discovered that silent com panionship had an attraction of its own for Brown, She fouud that she could sit beside him for hours, the rileuce of which he rnade no attempt to break so long as she showed no sign however, for Brown to run upab&rrierof; ques tions to keep her where she was. It was as though silence had lost its charm for him the moment it was enforced by solitude — as though a sympathetic presence was essential to the enjoyment of his reveries— queer traits, both nf there, in a rough common bushman. But Brown was scarcely a commou bushman, there was «o much that was uucommou iu him. Mrs. Lees furtively watching the dark, brooding fane, would have given worlds to share just one of pror Brown's waking dreams. Daily she baruedfor one little gUmpso of the scenes that were passing before those wide- open, sunken eyes, staring at nothing in particular, but staring at it so long. Being a worenu, and one without much to occupy her iu the long, hot, eleepv days, this curiosity was very natural ; but it was very well for her peace of mind that Mrs. Lees had no way of gratifying her curiodty. Once a day, sometimes twice, the dark in scrutable faoe underwent sudden transfigura tion, and became ten years yonoger in expres sion; the eyes shone with delight and interest and admiration. It was when little Penelope appeared on tbe acene. The homestead at Biibff consisted of so meoy little trifling buildings that to enumerate them would be insufferable; but there was one big building, with & little pooket edition of itself tacked on to one end of it, that was the centre of the system. The component parts of tbe big bnildioe were two lone. bare, parallel verandahs, with the station store, the diuing- room, aud some spare bedrooms enclosed between them. The pocket edition wus called the Cottage, and as it ouly contained Mrs. Lees's quarters, it was also something of an tdition de luxe. Here tbe Verandah was any thing but bare ; it was closed in by a screen of trellis-work and creepers, which turqoditiuto a long room with open ends. Iu this oool re treat Mrs. Lees's work-table and Mrs. Lees's long wicker-work chair were generally pitched ; iu fact, Mrs. Lees spent moat of her time between this verandah and the sitting- room which opened upon it. From the latter half of August the long wicker-work chair— which was really more of a sofa — begau to be occupied all day and evory day by one person— the man Brown ; and bv tho first of S qitember Brown was ablo to get backwards and forwards, between this and his rootn in the barracks, on a pair of makeshift crutches. It was here, then, that he saw much of Mrs. Le-»s— and spoke to her so little: and it waa here that his face changed so when little Miss Pen flitted through the vermdah and popped into the sittiuR-room, to take leave of I bur mother before her day's, work out( at the i shed began, and wheu she came in— with her | sprightly steps, and with sand and dust cling- j rag to her little blue riding-habit — to report herself at the day's close. It is true that Pen seldom forgot to fling a word to poor Browu, lying quietly there in the long chair but she was too completely self -engrossed, it is to be feared, to step and talk to him for many sooonds together; and he saw the last of her always too soon, with wistful eyes. i£t&' Morning, Brown— how's the poor leg V" >hoMud.v|erk. odi-r 'or1 "Better, Brown? That's all Tight; lucky thiug 2 found you though, eh?" Broc/n was always ready with a cheerful armwpr ; but she seldom wafted to hear is ; nod as for firing questions back at her, with a view to dotaloing the Btiubeam, that wus a foregone failure. One evening, however, she came in with a splendid emu's egg , which she had fouud tor herself on the ran; and this she could uot resist stopping to show to Brown. He took it in his left hand — his right -lay thrust in bis breast pocket—and admired it deliberately, so delibe rately that Pen could hardly restrain herself from snatching it away from him, in her eager ness to dart off and show it to some one else. But Brown had the egg in his band, and liis opportunity too. 44 Have you ever seen one of these carved, missis?" he asked her shyly. 44 Only once— over at Belton," replied Pen. " We have two carved ones here." | 44 Would yoa like to have a carved one? I Would you like to have this egg carved r" I Gtddv little Pen was arrested at laBt; she forgot ner anxiety to show the egg to tbe others; and her eyes glistened. 44 Would I not\" she cried with great emphasis. 41 You don't mean to say you can carve emu eggs ?" 44 Well, I used to be able to do it ; L used to turn an honest penny at the game — once." Brown sighed. 44 1 suppose I haven't forgot how." Pen began clapping her hands— but quickly stopped. 4<Ieay,"ehe said gravely, 44 1 haven't l got any money, you know ! I've only got what's in my money-box— and I don't think I may touch that," she added doubtfully. Brown stared at her out of his deep-set eyes : there was something reproachful in his iooki 14 It isn't likely I'm going to cnarge you any thing, Miss Pen— now, is it? I'll carve this egg for love— as the saying is; and I'll carve it better than ever I carved ao emu egg in my life before. Consider what you done for mc, little miss !" Pen considered. It yielded nothing. She was not accustomed to consider. 41 What have L doner" she asked at last with eyes wide open. Brown gazed at her eorao moments without replying ; then he said : 44 You «ved life, little miss— that's what you did !" His tone utrackthe child a& odd, somehow. 44 Aren't you glad?" eha asked, laughing. 44 You don't say it as though you were. And you ought to b e jolly glad, you know." 44 1 ought to be grateful — and grateful I am. But glad? Preuy wt-ll, Miss Pen —pretty well." Peo opened her eyes very wid indeed, and suddenly they tillen with tears. She had never dreatnt of auy one bemgaaythiu? hut gl<l nor to die. Tbe very idea of indifiernuue in (be matter was frightful to her, au-1 frighto-iin? too. This poor mau's pain, th«>n, must bi terrible ; his uiihappincae— ' verc likolv ul.nut something elBe—mubt be unbearable. "Won!-- it cheer htra up nt all if she, Pen wig to stop at home to-morrow and chatter to hire f»ll day, instead of going out as usual ta hrr beloved shed? At all events. Pen resolved to t»yit; aud as it was not quite tlie cariont thing in llit- world for nuch an oxtroineiy keen little stock rider to do, hbe bound herself down then mid there by a promise, and consigned thu preciau egg to Brown's safe keeping. 44 To-morrow rooming you 6haII carve it, Brown, do you eee? Aud I'll ait here audaee it doue ; and I shan't show it to any of the others till it in done — so just uow you may keep it." Brown emiied upon ber as she went. He was not smiling when she rushed and found him in the same place immediately after break fast next morning. He was looking decidedly crestfallen. The emu egg wob etuck in tl»» wicker ring with which these long choirs are provided, aud intended, if required, to hold a tumbler. Penelope snatched up the eag ; but there waa not a scratch upon its dors -green surface. 44 Why," cried Pen, visibly disappointed, 44 you baveu't even begun yet, you la»y man ! Aren't you goingto f' 44 No, miss," said Brown ruefully. 44 Then why did you promise, 1 should like to know ?" Pen had coloured up. 44 Because 1 had forgotten something, Hiss Peo." 44 Pray, what had you forgotten?" Pen de manded scornfully. _ 44 Why, that an accident, which happened since 1 last touched en emu egg, has ci ippled me 60 that I csn't carve auy more," 41 Your right hand ?" " Yes." His right hand was out of sight, as usual, in the breast of hiB cost. Nor did he withdraw it, but, quick aa thought, Penelope did so for bim. The next moment ehe started back. The tittle finger was gone! Brown saw ber start, and he changed colour. A struggle was going on in the child'e mind; he read it in her frightened, plucky tittle face ; but he did not read the eud of it. He expected, her to ran away and brine the place about his! ears; instead of whichahe looked hire boldly.; in tbe faoe and exclaimed solemnly, 44 You're Thunderbolt !" Brown answered coolly, 44 I'm not, miss. "Whatever makes you think so Y Wheu have you heard of himr" 44 The other night. Mr. Michie was tolling us. It was he that ehotoff your little linger for you ! Stop a moment ; of course you can't be Thunderbolt, because they'd taken bim just then. So, then, you're his mate!" Brown did not answer. TTin face was pole, his deep eye6 were full of distress. 44 Are you?" asked the child, in a wild whisper. Their eyes wero fastened together in a long mutual gaze. Even at thai moment Pen realised, with a thrill of wonder, that she wbk neither trembling uor quailing uuder hi.1 glaocc, which indeed was gentle enough ami reassur ing ; but ehe felt no surprise whf-n he gravely bowed his head towards her, nor did her fears increase. She was certainly an odd child brought np in an odd way ; hut even so, she may not have realised quite what a bushrauuer was, for ehe stared this one out of couutenauui and theu said severely : 4 4 Did you ever shoot any one ?" (She may not have realist d the full force'of 4 shooting any one," eitW.) 44 Never,' said Brown firmly. 44 Never, on your word of honour?" 4<Jq not supposed to have a word of honour," said Brown, smiling faintly ; '4 but I only kuow I never did shoot a fellow- creature — as sure as I'm lying here! There waa only one man l ever lelt like shooting— Thunderbolt hiinscif! When I was thrown, crossing the run here, he took my horse and left zue to die. Cureo him ; 1 could shoot him as I'd shoot aa ox 2 But forgive ate, missy. It was you that saved roe. It was you that saved me !" For one moment Feu did feel frightened— the moment in which he had spoken of Thuuderbolt. Then Brown's f-c? had flared up with sudden passion ; but now it was calm agaiu ; now it was ciltuer than before. And there -as (ruth in the deep, dark, widful eyes ; and his eyre seemed to Pen mo: e sad aud more suuken than they hud ev<r been before; and the whole appear ance of the man was more pitiable to look upon — from grief and shame—not fmrn tear and trembling. Child us she was — pohribly because she was a child— Fen read his look aright. It touched her to the heart. Situ t'.ok between her own brown fingers the maimed, sooree hand that she had dropped wito such »udden terror. ".Look here," she whimpered distinctly, while a strangely wilful expression came over her determiner little face, ' if I really did do what you Fay I did— if I rallr savnd yon that -day— I'm uit g- iug to undo it by letting on. So I ehait' t tell a soul. I'll die first ! ' ' IV. On the evening of Tuesday, Kth September, at a quarter-past C, lhsoelopeLees opened tbe double gates of the Bilbil houie-paddosk. squeezed through on her pony, shuL and fastened tbe gates beumu ner, una rure up very slowly to the homestead. There was a good suoMt that evening— a tunseL on a grand scale, for quite half the sky was tinted pink and amber ; but Peu ouly noticed it when the stopped to give her pony its evening drmlf at \ the horse tank, wbich mirrored tha whole thing. Eastward, however, at the horizon, the sky was grey -edged, and the edge was growing broader ; hut this Pm never noticed at ail. Hie fact is she bad ridden home from the shed this evening with downcast eyes, for tho shearisg was all but over. It hacl been such splendid fun all through that it seemed to here flown over in one we+k, instead of in six. But what waa a thousand times worse thau tho close of shearing was tho approach of schooling; for it was settled that wheu William Lees went down to Melbourno at the heginuiug nf Noveinher he wea to take his Htlo girl with him nud )avo her at a school there — hundreds and hundreds of mike away. This had only just t»cii arranged : but tbe arrangement was final : and it must be confessed that 44 down nasi" does not tell the whole truth with regard to poor little lVu's eyes on her ride from the shed this evening. She dismounted at the stables, took tbo saddlo and bridle from hor pony, and erat him off towards the hone paddock at a gentle trot. Then ehe walked slowly to the house, which, with the flaming west bebiud it, looked liko an uuambitious carving in ebony. The long bare verandah in front of the store and tho dining- room telescope, as it wore, with the Cottage verandah ; and before she set her foot in the former, Peu could sea the square screon of suusetatthc far end of the latter, and, blotted like ink upon this screen, motionless figures sitting in silence. As the child's step raug through tlie long, empty verandah, come heads turned in the other one, but no one spoke, A vague fear seized Pen, their motionless attitudes seemed so strange. She hesitated, but the reactionary impulse followed speedily, aud hurried her forward, with faltering steps, into as queer a Quakers4 meeting arconld well beimagtued. In the sittingroom doorway stood Mrs. Leas, drawn up to tier full height, her pale face cold and proud, and bitterly indignant, but quite calm, with the composure that aomctimeE, at a orisia, seems to come natural to tbe last woman you would have expected it of. Bobart Ayrton, the overseer, was spread out on (he floor, his back against the weatherboard wall of tbe cottage, his aim folded, and bis head thrown forward on his chest. The man who called himself Brown lay in his usual posture in tbe long chair, and his dark deep cyea were turned upwards with their usual inscrutable stare. Seated on a chair some little -distance from tbem was a man whom Pen had never seen be fore. Heworeriding-boots,Epurs,and breaches, a abort neat jacket, and a 44 cabbage-iree' ; wid . > awoke. His face, was hulf- turned to the glowing tight, which shone upon a clear giey eye. the Half of a ruddy moiutnche, and a sunburnt cheek and chin ; the other sub? of bis face was necesearily in deep shadow. The roan was smoking a pipe— thesmokehuug in silvery puffs upon the screen of rosy sky At the end of the verandah. Penelope adVauced shyly, with her eyes fixed, as was only natural, opon the stranger. Suddenly she stood still and shivered. The red tight glittarod upon some thing bright and eteely that lay in tbe stranger'sl&p;— a revolver. 44 Gome to me, Pen," said lire. Lees, in a cold mechanical voice. Pen obeyed promptly enough, and slipped an arm rouud her mothers waist aud nestled close beside her. And Mrs. Lees answered aloud— in a curiously scornful tone— tbe child's upward look of terrified inquiry: "These men are bu6hrangcrB. We are in their power ! " Pen clung closer to het mother. 44 Which .nm /" she whispered. 44 There's only that man over there with the pistol— is he Ihunder- bo'if r " 44 Yes,'" said Mrs. L.cs. in tho tarae daunt less, disdainful tone ; "aud th<\- otic with the brchen log (if it over luv.hfiij.—tli': nvin that we have nursed and u-ttcit Jed to all th'so wceks— is hiB&ccompticc; ! ' 1 A guilty blush Fufjuti.d Per.'s fae ' o the roots of her hair. Sh had known (his for day, yet kept it to herself! But t\m: s!.e had ii':ur bUFpected treachery of this kind. Was it treachery? She glanced to where Browu Inf. hoping to find a reassuring expression on his face. But there'wos nothing reassuring thsre. His eyes were still gazing vacantly upward; bat Hie ghost of a smile p'ayed over the pale higgard features. Thii faint smile seemed to Pen a confession of treachery, and s!<e burst into tears. At this moment, a pl-Essut voice, sinking carelessly, broke upou tlujlr er»rs. The voice came nearer end nearer; linn a twinging footstep and the jinglir-g of spnib were hoard iu the loug wrHudah. The bushranger haudled his revolver. A moment later, the etore-kcqicv— - a youug fellow freth from Eng land— stood aghast in their tm«Nt. Ayrton, the overseer, raised hie head. 44 Throw up your hands, Miller," said he coolly, with the true colonial drawl ; 44 up with them, old man, or you're a stiff 'uo ! We're stuck np. Let tne introduce you to tbe ce)e- brstedThunderbolt"— pointing to tbe man with the revolver — 44 and bis mate"— pointing to Brown. Yonng Miller turtml pale ; then be pluck hie hands deep in his trousers pockets. He was a very young man — a Rugby boy but a year ago. 44 It's a bit of colonial experience for you— a bit worth having," weut on Ayrton caliuly, slicing & cake of tobacco as he epoke ; 44 some thing for you to write and tell the old folks at home. Look out— you'd host stand still, I aav !" Young Miller had taken a quick step for ward. but he stopped as quickly, for Ayrton's warning was driven home by the cocking of Thunderbolt's revolver. The bushranger now rose to his feet and stretched himself coolly. 4 Is this the last of them ?" he asked of Ayrton. 44 There's the butcher" — 44 We can do without him. ClU the cook." 44 And there's the groom." 14 We won't wait for him. Call the cook, d'yehear?" Ayrton obeyed. Tho Chioamaa csme. 44 Tell him to dish up dinner in here— and sharp," said Hie bushranger, pointing to the sitting-room. Ayrton repeated this order aa though, it had been an order from William Lees. ".Now, my friend?, '' said Thunderbolt, ad dressing the whole company, 44 some find me a man oi few words— some t'other thing; but anyway It's precious little I've got to say now. You'll have heard of me before, mayhap : and you'll have heard of.ectne o' the things Pre done when pressed. I've dono enough,' 1 dare say, to set a pretty high figure upon inyselt, alive or dead. Whatever you may force tne iuto doing 'to-night, it can't make it auy hotter for me, when my time comes, than it would be as thingsataod already." He tapped tbe butt- eud of hw revolver significantly. 44 But really, ladies and gentlemen," he went on ia a more insinuating maimer, 44 (here need be no un pleasantness at all— all I ask is a square meal ; then we'll adjourn, tbo lot of u», and any .more as may happtn to drop in and join uo— to th store; nnd alter that — I don't promise, xniud — hut It's ej-y likely I'll be snyiug good-bye to you. As for you, mt'rm,' continap.d Thunderbolt. Irow- iug suavely to Mrs. Lees, if v-mi'to heurd any thing about me at all, you'd kanw that j/f.V.' safe- whatever happens— and the little lady too !" Mrs. Lees treated tbi« assurance with silent contempt; and the out!t«» now rrdor<fd there all iuto the sitting-room, which, as ho had keen careful to find out fir? t, had tin second dear, and no windows beyond the two that looked r:ut upon the veraudah. The ycungetoickeej-t-rwa the last to enter, and he turned oa the thresh old to shake his fist at Thunderbolt's mate. 44 You villain !" he muttered savagely— "yon double-dyed, immeasurable" \- Som swift raomentacy change in Brown's face— to which Thunderbolt for the moment bad turned bis bock — made the youug man stop short in the thick of his epitltets. It set between Thunderbolt and his mate, which now took place, made bis thinking run in unex pected grooves. 44 Can you walk yet ?" asked Thuuderbolt. 44 No." 44 Where do you aleep, then, and how do they shift you ?" 44 1 sleep in the barracks: the geutlemen carry me to and fro morning and evening." As young Miller, aud indeed everyone, knew, Brown was not carried to and from lbs barracks; he hobbled on crutches. Miller, moreover, had a shrewd idea as to where these cratches wree at that moment Tbe creepers grew ao thickly at the base of tha trellis, and tbu long cbsir covered so much ground just there, that they could not quite be seen: but that they were within Brown's reach. Miller could not doubt. His ideas became almost too much for him, tor none but himself had liesrd the small converaa- tiou between the bu&nmgcr; and bis quondam mate, and Miller yearned to whisper the gist of it to Ayrton, thouch, happily, bo Imd too much EeBEfi to attempt this. An hour passed. Sapper was over. Tbe bushranger had eaten heartily enough, i! no one else <iiiit and had not touched a drop of Any thing stronger thau it a; and alt the while, with hail au eye unou the verandah una Brown and an eye and a half upon the room aod its occupaule. Tbu number of the latter was cow materially iuavasod. \fter dinner had been sftred, Sammy, Uie Chiueeo cook, woe nut auowea to return to tae imcaen. iu«u toe groom bad come iu 'o say that a strange block horse wa tethered i:> :he pines, and shogrcom had been detained. Then tbe butcher htd come to eee what had ,'iappencd to his irioud the groom, and the liutchrr had been (letaiued. The maid servant, also, had turrei<derad of hex own accord, being tirod of tho duet and discom fort and solitude uudr her ciistresu'Ebed; «o aba was in the room too, in a ataio of inter- ir.ittf nthystericp. tiui Mrs. Le. a sat through it till iu haughty lieuo; aud little Pen, ula«pirjg her mother's ni>nd tightly, did her bout to follow her mother's uxon.ple, 44 1 was once in pretty much tbe same fix before," Thunderbolt told them good- huaionredly, though really the 4Jix" did not seem to be on bis ridr. It was at a QuAouslaud station, Clermont way ; and I'd baitedfupull bunds in the etoroquite comfortably : hut tbey were fools enough to attempt a' rush, and- hn'' many waa it 1 shot, mute ?" asked Ti.uud«rl>olt, glancing through the doer. 4 Three." replivd B.own, shortly. " So you said— I was wot there."' 41 Ab, three; so it wve ; three. Now, they could only hsng roe once tor tbem three. What's more, it I was to shoot Utrao dozen ruoro to-night— sopping there woe three, dozen here to shoot— still they could only haog me once. That's where I've got the -bulge, yon tee !' Tbuudeibolt puffed his pipe complacently. He eeemod enamoured of the situation, and glad to prolohg it. Suddenly, however— quits suddenly— he turned to the young storekeeper. u You sing, mister— eh ? I heard yon us yon osme along tho verandah. Give us a song now." Youug Miller, though his eyes met the bu&hranger;'c, saw a white face nodding to bim through the open door: aud the reluctance with which be went to the piano was -only feigued. Then aud there he sang, to his own accompaniment, a song that foil agreeably upon Thunderbolt's earn, but sank like lead into all other hearts, save that of Thunderbolt's mate. The song ended, the buehranger said authoritatively : 44 Give us another." YoangMflfar glanced raqniringlyatHrs. Lees, The circumstances , had not quite robbed him oflrs Rnglish manners. Before the first song, he bad asked permission in the same mute way, and V osirefl a nod. It was almost a pity she did not cuihu-r horwlf to a nod this time, for itoniy aiou-fd the bushranger when she said sarcastically: 44 Certainly, mr. Miller. Pray, do not be murdered for the sake of a song! " Miller struck up a lively jingle, reminiscent of burnt cork aud tho banjo, and straightway pluuged into a song that purported to bo comic. It waa highly appreciated. Thunderbolt beat time with his spurred heels, joined in the chorus, and, at' the end, rapped out his ap plique upon the door-panels with tho butt -end of his pistol. He had laughed uproariously at least once in every verse, and faint echoes from tbo verandah had further encouraged the singor. In high good-humour, the bushranger sow asked Miller to play one of the old English ballads. Miller got out the book ; and astraDgo ecenefollowcd. Thunderbolt— ibis blood Lb risty desperado— stood up, revolver in bond, and sang "Tbe Lass of Richmond Hill;" more over, he sung it with excellent expression, and in a full manly voice that only just missed bomg sweet into the bargain. None of the party ever heard the song again without re calling his eiugiug of it. It waa greeted with loud applause from the verandah, to which Thunderbolt had turned his back while rang ing. The merry ruffian's spirits rose still higher, and he undertook to give 44 Tom Bowling " as a wind-up. He looked really very handsome, and taking, and good-natured, ae he stood up there framed ia the doorway. The light of the lamp on the tabic and of tbe candles in tbe piano sconces fell upon liis tall athletic frame aud strong regular feat ures ; hie teeth, as his mouth opened — like a true singer's— in a perfect eirclo, were white nud even ; ami he rang that tender old .vt of ILhain's with a rough, effective itiij'juM of his own. though the revolver w << ;ii L:r linnd hvA his finger ou the trigger ! Ncrc-i '.r»f-»:o tn s.nc, one ventures to assert, baa "Tom iiowiujv'' r ten rendered uuder such very (isonpxx'i:;7 i::r If occupied t.' snts niinu'.i.t'. Y->i." i uh-otul-ri adysingw's 'iciidiucy to -.voido the audante, and this one hsd a particular weakness for rallen- tando. So tho smig, wbifh w.i6 enng much better. than tho ptevious song, took up some little time ; aud when it was over, there was no applause. The lender of the applause was silent. Theie was r:ot a rouud from the veiiimk.h. Thunderbolt turned round quickly, a io<>et- ic>.r note had died cway, aud uiTeu-d abound (hat pemd fo c one from jnoih'.T thro.it, e-ud k wild heist's, for it was a roar of rag?. Hi farmer mate— the helpless uun witii tuc I'ickiii !« «— was gone ! Thunderbolt strode put, lul only a yard I'lomihedo r, and btood listening and peering through the dsrknf-pp. He cattid see nothing ; he >'nuM hear nothing. Wheeling round, he stalked back iuto tbe room, livid and furious, and clapped his revolver to young Miller's it. 44 You young honnd !" he yelled, ,4 I've a mind io blow your brains' out wbtrevcu bit ! Ycn've had a hand in (Lis !" And Totu Bowling had not been 30 seconds 44 gone aloit !" 