CAN THE SEA GIVE UP ITS DEAD ? : — : W — Told by an Ex-Detective. CHAPTER I. the ghostly harpist. In that delightful suburb of London, Hampstead, dwelt Sir Charles LeBter, a man not of great wealth for the position he held by his rank. Still, he was proud and haughty, and, to thoee who offended him, etern ana uniorgivmg. The house in which he lived was an old-fashioned red brick one, surrounded witb a high wall and fine . old trees, which shut out the charming proBpeot of the country around. The windows were quaint, being formed of little squares — for Sir Charles would have been horrified at the idea of modernizing the dear old place. He had for many years lived almost the life of a her mit ; even bis own relations were received with such coldness that they called as seldom as pro priety would permit. To thiB quiet mansion I had been summoned, and there I found Sir Charles extended upon a Bofa bed, with a small table plaoed by his Bide. On this table were fruits, a Bible, and a bottle of physio. " Be seated, Mr Gerval," said Sir Charles. "May I offer you some refreshment ?" " No, thank you, Sir Charles ; but, if yon please, we will to business. I always like to have the full particulars at once, and I would ask you not to keep any secret from me. Of course, what you tell me will be in the strictest confidence." " Good 1 I will endeavor to carry out your in structions. Z may as well inform you that this hbuse has been said to be haunted ever since the days of Queen Anne. I did not believe it ; but now " r- He paused, his face became pale, and his lipB quivered. Then he added in a broken voice : " Now 1 believe it." " Believe it, Sir Charles 1" I exolaimed, in as tonishment. It would take a great deal to make me believe any house was haunted." . » That may be. However, listen. You must know that my estates were entailed, but my grandfather, with the oonsent of my father and myself, cut off the entail. The reasons for doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which had been made to pay my grandfather's gambling debts— for we all preferred poverty to dishonor." " But, Sir Charles, you are not poor ?" " Not as an ordinary man," said Sir Charles, with pride ; " but for my position terribly so. Well, let that matter pass. 1 came into the property, in due course of time, and set about restoring the family fortune. Foolish idea I I showed my knowledge of the world by marrying/ love , a singer — beauti ful as an angel. But no matter ; she died iu giving birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that child ! Per haps I am to blame for what happened afterwards. Herbert grew up self-willed, and — Heaven forgive me having to say it of my son 1 — dissolute to a degree. I argued with bim — he laughed in my face ; I became stern — he replied in equal anger. I turned him from my doors, and he fied to America. But a vengeance more terrible than mine overtook him. Trie ship Btruok upon some rocks en the coast of Australia and every sonl on board perished. Bat time heals the deepest wound of the affections, and I forgot and forgave Herbert. I adopted a relation a cousin only — who is now at college, and on him I have settled everything— aye, even to my heart's love, and well have I been repaid by bis affec tion." ' Well, Sir CharleB," I said, " if that is the case, I trust you are at last happy." " I should have been groaned the baronet. Then after a pause, be added in an awestruck whisper) " Can the sea give up its dead ?" ' The intensity with which the question was put somewhat startled me. However, with an attempt at a smile, I gave him to understand that I was no believer iu the supernatural. He drew himself nearer to me, and said, in a whisper : " My son Herbert, who was drownad at sea, haunts this house. I'—/ have seen him." '' It must have been a delusion or a trick, my dear sir,' I remarked. " Neither," he said, earnestly. " It was his spirit. I had just awakened from a light doze, when by the moonlight which oame through that window I saw a shadow glide across the room. I suffer from an affection of the spine, and can bat move with slow- ness, and with the greatest pain. However with some difficulty I managed to raise myself on my elbow to watch the speotie's movements. It glided to yonder escritoire— to open which you must touch a Becr-3t spring. This the apparition Beemed to know, for it touched the spring, the secret drawer flew open, and the spirit took therefrom a certain document." "Are you certain, Sir Charles, you were not dreaming ?" " I was not dreaming," Mr. Gerval. Oh, no ! I called out, ' Who are you — what do you want here?' The spectre turned its face toward me, and I saw by the pale light of the moon the features of my son. He gazed s irrowfully at me, and then vanished close by that.old wardrobe.' "A Btartling story 1" I remarked. "Have you seen anything since ?" "Only— only once— and then it vanished in a moment." You found the document all right ?" " Yea ; but it had been opened and read." " And what was tha nature of the document ?" I inquired. "My will. The will in which I leave all my pro perty to my adopted son— George Standing Since then I have had the will removed to an iron safe." "And you have not seen the ghost since?" , "Never. But 1 have known that it has been near me. I have heard it." " Heard it !" " Yes. Have I not told you that my wife was a singer? "Well, she used to play the harp admirably. When she died I could not bear the sight of the in strument, and bad it removed to a room where amongst old cabiDets and so forth, it haB remained) in spite of my son's pleading that it should be given to him— for he was passionately fond of music ; but I could not bear any one to touch her harp, so it remained silent until — here he paused, passed his hand quiokly over nis eyes, and groaned. Then, leaning over towards me, he said, in a solemn whisper, " Until a few nights ago, when I heard that harp played by— by — my wife." " Impossible ! You said that she died iu giving birth to your only son ?" I remarked. « That is perfectly true ; but at the same time I can swear that I heard her play one of those wild German airs of which she used to be bo fond. I listened, entranced. I could not— I dared not move. The next morning I went to the room, not into it— 1 could not do that. I found it locked and bolted as I had left it. i examined the bolts, and the dust was still on them. No one could have entered that room." " Your adopted son, Mr George Standing— does he know any thing about this ?" I asked. " I wrote him all particulars, Bnd I expected him . here from Oxford before you," replied the barouet I wished you to consult with him." "Confound it all!" I thougnt, "When will people learn to keep their tongues still ?" But I said quietly to Sir Charles, "1 am sure I shall bs most delighted, and " The sonorous clang of the lodge bell interrupted us. A carriage came up the drive, and in a few moments a handsome young fellow burst into the room in a manner I thought little fitted for a siok chamber. " My dear benefactor," he cried, hurrying up to the hed and bending over the siok man, " what is this I hear ? Can it be that some wretches are try ing by these means to rob you— to kill you— by working on your too sensitive nature? Of course as to their being real spectres, that's all moon shine." " Hush, hush, George 1" said Sir Charles, faintly ; " you are too boisterous for me. This is the gentle man whom I have had fetched from London to solve the' mystery, aud he says that we must keep the matter entirely to ourselves. You must, not kt a soul; in the house know who or what he is— you understand ?" Mr George Standing deolaved he did understand, and shook me cordially by the hand, saying tha» he would help me in every way. Then he insisted that he would deep iu Sir Charles's room, and Sir Charles have another, where he would not be dis turbed. I had wished to have made the same proposal about the room, as I wanted to sleep there ; but the | baronet seemed delighted at his adopted son's cou rage, and so I had to give up my claim. I strolled into the extensive grounds, and lit my cigar so as to smoke and think over the case. But Leonid make nothing of it. Of a truth, I did Dot like the interference of Mr George Standing — a handsome, opened -faci d gentleman, but with un- \- steady eyes and lips, and, what I dislike, far too gashing.' In the midst of these truths the spund of ' th# dinner-bell struck upon my ear, and I hurried yMMBbii>i-jll|,.ifeiiag-n tha dinipgriooah ,M . I Dinner over, at Mr Standing's invitation I joined him in the smoking-room, where we had Bome eapital cigars and eoffee. In coarse of conversation he let drop the secret that Sir Charlea's son had to go abroad in consequence of Home forgeries he had committed. " Sir Charles never told me that, I said, quickly. " No, of oourBe he would not— the honor of the family, and all that kind of thing," aaid Mr Stand ing, somewhat huskily. " And now poor Bertie has gone, the leaBt said about it the better. But that was the ease. Of course Herbert had to bolt, aid— you know the rest — he was drowned. ' " Yon Bre sure he was drowned?" " Positive. I do not know all the full particulars but Sir CharleB had the case thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never conld make poor Herbert out. I suppose his erratic and bad qualities came from the mother's side." " Perhaps bo," I remarked, quietly. " You Bleep in Sir Charles's room to-night f" "I do," he muttered, pulling forth a pistol. "And if the ghost appears I intend firing at it." " Be careful, aud don't shoot raBhly, " I remarked. " If Sir Charles really did see this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker? And in that case it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree." " Never fear me ; I know what I am about," he said. "Perhaps you will have news by the morn- ing." . " Perhaps I Bhall," I said, and, wishing hia good evening, strolled oat in the grounds. CHAPTER II. THE MYSTERY OF THE HASP, That night, being tired from the day's work and the fresh air, I Boon fell aBleep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysterious music. Suddenly I awoke, and as I collected my thoughts, the sonnds of music fell upon my ears, but not the music which I had heard in my dreams. It waB tha music of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite feeling. I do confess that after all Sir Charles had told me, 1 began to feel superstitious for the first time in my life; bat for all that I was not to be done. So getting out of bed hastily, I pat on my clothes, taking care, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wished to steal about the house as noiselessly as possible. The music had ceased by now, and all the honse Beemed wrapped in silence. Taking up the lamp I gently unlocked my door, and stole out into the corridor. All quiet. Indeed, after the shock my nerveB had received, all Beemed to me most unnaturally quiet, and I could realise the old saying — " As still as death" 1 was about to return to my own room when the sharp report of a pistol smote upon my ear. It was followed by a faint cry, aud both came from the room lately occupied by Sir Charles, and now tenanted by his adopted son. I soon found that not I alone had heard the report of the pistol. The household had been aroused, and lights began to Hit about. '' Quick, quick !" I oried. "Come here I" "What is it, sir? What is the matter?" de manded many of the servants as they hurried to wards me. " I don't know. But follow me." 1 would sooner have entered the room alone, but that could not be. We knocked at -the door and | called on Mr Standing, bat no reply came. So, I ordering one cr two others to help me, we burst in the door. George Standing lay on the bed as pale as death. Indeed, when I first saw him 1 believed be was dead ; but the servuntB dashed water over his face, and after a little while he recovered. In fact, I thought he recovered somewhat sooner than was natural. " Let me get out of this horrid room 1" he cried. " I have seen it — 1 have seen it !" " Seen what ?" demanded the servants, eagerly. "Mr Standing," I said, sternly, "are you a coward, that a di-eam could have so frightened you? Think how ill Sir Charles Lister is. By the way," I continued, turning to the servants, " some of you had better go and see how Sir Cnarles is. This mad freak— nightmare, or whatever it is— may have greatly alarmed hira. The rest can go to bed. I will remain with Mr Standing." Of course the servants did not like this, as It did not satisfy their curiosity ; but as Mr Standing, much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey me. they did so most reluctantly. When we were alone, and the door securely locked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and said, quietly : - " Mr Standing, I am not to be humbugged. What is the meaning of this little game?" " Game !" he exclaimed. "I do not understand you. What do you mean ?" He tried to look indignant, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, And there was that trembling of the upper lip which no honest or truthful man ever has. " I simply mean this. I do not believe a word about the ghost. I believe you have done this only to frighten Sir Charies. I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore I do not for one moment credit that Mr Herbert Lester amuses himself by marching about these rooms at the dead of night. Sir Charles is ill; he h&B; been very severe with his son, whose death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturally, in his weak state, his imagination runs wild, and he fancies all kinds of things, and nothing so likely that hia heated thoughts should run upon his boy. But you are different. From what I can hear, there never was muoh love between yon and Mr Herbert. You could only conjure up such a viBion from one cause." " Indeed 1 And what may that cause be ?" he said, with a forced laugh and a meaning glance at me. " To kill Sir Charles with fear and remorse. Yon know the nervonB state be iB in, and any great shook might be his death. Take my adviee, sir ; go and see the baronet at onae. Tell him it must have been a dream." " By heaven8, iV was not !" cried the yonng fellow, quickly. ' " Very well, then, if you will not go I mast," I said, quietly. "Only I thought you could have made the story so as to suit your purpose better than I shall be able to do." He thought for a moment, ana then h&Btily; wrap- ing a dressing-gown about himself, thrast his feet into hiB slippers, and, mattering something about being ready to do what I wished, although he saw no use in it, left the room. I waited until I was sure he would not return, then locked the door. I seized the lamp, and turned the light up a little way so that I could see better. Then I began to examine the place carefully where the spectre was said to have disap peared. The wall appeared solid enough. I tried it gently witb my knuckles, but no sound of hollowness was given forth. Suddenly my eyes were arrested by a spot on the polished boards. I knelt down and ex amined it carefully, it was wet, and when 1 touched it I found that it was blood. Yes, blood ! 1 traced it on and on, drip by drip, until I came to the recess by the old-fashioned fire place. Here they ceased. I examined the wainscot carefully, and at last discovered what appeared to be a small curved knebj which I screwed round, and found that the oak panel on wbiob it was fixed yielded at once to my touch, aud I discovered a narrow' opening, in which was a staircase. 1 found the secret of the spring inside, and then, hav ing entered the passage, closed the door carefully behind me. Up. up, up I went, for the stairoase was spiral, when at last I found myself opposite another door, which I examined carefully, and Boon discovered a similar spring as in the door below. I was about to touoh it, when low, sweet sounds of glorious I music rose softly on the air — so softly that I could scarcely believe it to be of this earth. I turned the light of the lamp down until it was only a spark, and then placed it upon the step. I turned the secret spring, pushed open the door, which opened noiselessly, and crept into the lum ber-room — for the eound told me that was the apartment said to be haunted. It was a fine long room, lighted only on one side by low, gabied win dows, through which the fitful light of the moon now and thea g'eamed as she broke through storm- rent clouds. By this light I managed to see that tn&re; were heaps of old furniture and such like things about, looking most ghost like in the gloom. But one object fixed my ' attention, and I became blind to alUothers. It was a young man who was seated at a harp, the strings of which he touched | plaintively, whilst his pale (ace was turned with a sorrowful look to the window. I knew it in an instant. It was that of Herbert Lester, but so ghastly pale that /almost believed it was a ghost. Presently he touched the strings rather louder, sending forth the weird sounds which had so Btartlod the household. " Well." thought I, " anything more like a ghost I never saw. But reason tells me ghosts cannot pull harp strings ; so here goes." I stole gently np behind him, but striking some thing, witk wand nttCMted faia atten- " Herbezt Lester, what is the meaning of this folly ?" I said. There was no doubt he was there, fleBh and bone now ; for he turned roan i and grappled with me with a strength that I could not have believed bo frail a creature could have possessed. However, I Boon had him under my control, and said : " Listen to me, sir. 1 am your friend, although the way I may have to behave may not seem like it. We have not a minute to lose ; so, if you please, yon will just tell me what the whole affair means, hiding nothing from me. Remember, 1 say, 1 am your friend, and 1 mean it. Gome ; speak out, and do not hide a thing." The young fellow saw that I was right, and briefly told me all. CHAPTER III. retribution. Then, noiselessly and cautiously, we crept to the door of Sir Charles Lester'a sleeping apartment. By the dim light of a moderateur lamp, which was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir CharleB seated in bed, propped up by pillows. By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in the long thin ones of the siok man, and the left plaoed over bis eyes. He looked the picture of grief. " My son — for so I shall now consider you, Her bert being dead — I feel that bat a few days, or at beBt weeks, can intervene between this aud my death. Ha, me 1 when we are in strong health, how little do we think of the rashness of our actions 1 But death, iu dimming onr- bodily sight, opens onr mental eyes and clears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know ; but was I not to blame as well?" " Oh, no, no 1" Bobbed the sorrowful George ; " do not say that. You could not be to blame. " " Ah, yes, I was ! But that iB over— he is dead. You saw his spirit ?" " I did indeed. I can swear it. I fired at it." "What oould have brought it here? Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I love my son. Had he returned to me and aBked for giveness, he should have had it. I have grieved for bim deeply, and long since 1 have forgiven bim. May Heaven forgive bim also 1" "Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. "I pray for his sonl night and day. Oh, had he not forged those bills " — — " He did not forge those bills — at least, I have hopes that such is not the case. Yesterday I re ceived a letter stating that proofs of his innocence would soon be forthcoming. Indeed, lately 1 have had several communications of almost the like nature. Sometimes 1 oould almost fancy 1 re cognise Herbert's style in the writing of these notes." "Ah, how the affections work upon the imagina tion 1" groaned George. " No doubt some scheming wretch has done tbis." " It may be so , 1 do not know— 1 cannot say," replied Sir Charles, as he passed his hand wearily over his brow, "lfeel as if 1 bad been in some horrible dream from whioh 1 am slowly awaken ing." " Who were these letters signed by ?" asked George, softly. "They are not signed— they are anonymous," replied Sir Charles. " 1 have placed them care fully away in that drawer. You may examine them." 1 Baw George's eye light up with glee as he left the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. As he did so, the light fell full on his face, and 1 must say 1 never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thio white hands moved nervously, as if eager to grasp the papers. To me that look betrayed all, and 1 determined upon a bold move. Motioniag Mr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, so as to place myself between the young fellow and the drawer containing tho letters, ' Pardon me," 2 said, quietly. " With yonr per mission, I will examine these letters before you tonch them." He sprang back, his face first pale and then livid with rage, aB he exclaimed : " What the devil do you want here, sir ?" . " To do my duty," 1 replied, quietly — " honestly and fairly ; and that is more than 1 think yon oan say, Mr Standing." " Sir Ch&rlep;, am 1 to be insulted ?" almost Bhrieked Mr Standing. " Sir Charles has placed this matter in my hands, and will be kind enough not to interfere," i put iu, as 1 drew forth the letters, and, opening the packet, took out a latter. Seeing that Master George was ready to make a spring upon the others if 1 put them ou the table, I thrust them into my pocket, and, advancing to the lamp, coolly commenced to read the one 1 had in my band, altnougu l knew toe contents would not guid6 me to anything. However, 1 took great care to watch my agitated friend out of the corner of my eye. "Good writing for a ghost," 1 mattered, load enough for the others to hear — " almost' too good ; but there is a mistiness about them which becomes a person of so little substance: " 1 then drew a letter from the other end of the packet, opened it, and read that. " Sir Charles," said 1, quiokly, " have you any of thoBB forged bills handy ?" He pointed to he same drawer, and 1 soon had the bills in my hand, oomparing them with the letter. " This is too bad !" oried George Standing. " Is the honor of the family to be placed in this fellow's hands— a low policeman ?" " Better truBt the honor oi the family in my hands than in those of some people 1 know. Sir Charles, are you prepared for a great surprise— au agreeable one, 1 hope, but one whioh may tax your strength to the utmost ?" " Go on. 1 am ill, bat 1 oan bear all." " Some of these letters, wherein ycfur son asks for pardon, are no doubt genuine ; the others are forgeries." "Forgeries!" " Yes ; and the man who forged those letters forged the bills." " Great heavens 1" George grew ashen white. " It's a faot, and 1 oan prove it," said 1. " Your Bon shall prove it." >' My sou ! He is dead I" oried the baronet, an angry shade gatheriag on his face. " Be calm. Ha is not dead. Yon saw no ghost — you heard no ghost; but you did see your son in the flesh. Now, be calm." "1 am calm. Where, is he?" demanded Sir Charles, eagerly. " Here !" cried Herbert. And the next mament he was kneeling at his father's bedside. 1 shall not easily forget the glance of hatred George gave me at that moment. As soon as the father and be were calm enough, 1 said : "We had better wind this little matter up as quiokly and quietly as possible. Sir Charles, with your permission 1 will take a chair. Gentlemen. 1 pray you will be calm and keep your tempers. Re member / accuse nobody,- and the shorter your an swers are the quicker will this painful scene be over. First of all, Mr Lester, bow came you to be playing ghost in your own father's house ?" " After 1 was accused of all sorts of orirnes, by the advice of George, 1 started for Australia. 1 was bhipwreoked, and having heard that my father refused hiB forgiveness, 1 made my way inland. At last, all other tie3 being broken, 1 determined to return home, faee my fate, and prove my innocence. 1 communicated with George, who told me it was madness ; that my father bad a warrant out against me, and 1 could expect no mercy. Still, 1 returned, and being acquainted with a secret passage whioh led from the old tower in the grounds, 1 availed myself of it, determined to discover what baleful in fluence was at work to keep my father's heart so from me. Knowing the ways of this old honse, I was able to glide about like a ghost At la6t I was discovered by this gentleman whilst playing my mother's harp." " Great heavens 1" mainland the baronet, clasp ing his thin hands. " I think most ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," said I, " if people would but Bet about clearing up the matter coolly. Go ou, Mr Herbert— go on, sir." ' The dread of being tried for forgery kept me away some time. At last I ventured all. 1 wished to obtain the forged documents, prove my inno cence, add then, father, bnmbly crave your mercy. Of course directly George heard of the ghost, he knew who it was. He attempted my life in the so- called haunted chamber. I was wounded, and by the blood- marks, this gentleman traced me to the old lumber-room. My story is told — and, father, I am here !" I never could do the pathetic business, and my eyes are not given to weeping, bat they were damp then, and 1 had a nasty lump in my throat. At last Sir Cbarles released his son, and, turn ing to George Standing, said : George Standing, you have heard ail that has passed. Can you deny it? Nay, do not add to your many other crimes that of lying ! I see the lie is. in your brain and in your heart, but it. chokes even your ritroQjujZera ah, and 1 will not only bat settle on' yon a modest competency on whico yon oan live abroad, where your antecedents will be unknown. Think before you answer — for your cboioe is final." He thought for a moment, and then said, sulkily : "Well, I confess that I did lay the trap into which both Sir Charles and Herbert fell. The stake was worth the risk, and bold as the game was I played it. Of course I tried to keep Herbert away. Whilst he was somewhere in Mexico, I was safe. Fortune turned upon me — he oame back. You know the rest." " Abandoned wretch !" cried Sir Charles. " Go ! Never more enter my presence. Go to your room, and there commit a full confession of your crime to paper. By ita truthfulness shall I regulate the allowance 1 shall grant you. Then quit the house for ever. All communications between ub must now be made tbrongh my lawyer. Go !" With a half-defiant air, the young fellow left the room. 1 soon followed him, deeming it prudent to leave father and son alone. Ab 1 softly closed the door, 1 heard Sir Charles offering up a fervent thanksgiving thai the sea had given up itB dead. 