THE MODERN CHILD. (From the London Daily A'etcs.) Tho modem child is really bocomirig too good ant £uro to live. A generation of Paul Douiboys, ant lttle Neils, and Misuudcrstoods, and Tims, is fading like violots in tho grass. This statement may surprise uncles and ininti, also schoolmasters, who find children very much what children havo always boen, But mothers toll a different talc, and tho question arises-Havo children really become sentimental little lachrymoso humbugs, or is it nierely f-onic mothers who aro not very sensible f As a text foi this sermon wo may chooso thc words of Mrs. Grace Isalol Colbron, of New York City, U.S., who writes in a periodical named Maliyhocd." It seemr to Ito a place wheieiu Indies may read niul writo nursery Ehop. Mi's. Coltiron denounces fairy tales, und, hear it, oh earth ! denounces tho delight- ful drama of Mr. runch. Tho favourite play ol which Mr. Puuch is the hero or tho villain is a tale " of depravity und vileness." "Thoro is scarcely a crimo in tho list that tho old rcprobato " (why " old ?") docs not commit. Now, wo could easily nome a score of crimes which Mr. Puuch elocs not commit, .Ho ends as a miscreant tortured by re morso, haunted by bogies, and, in somo versions, bc expiates his olTonco on tho gallows. In fact, Mr. Punch, with his Titanic defiance of law and order nnel ovorytbing, is tho Don Juan of Vnfancy, and his legond corresponds to tho " Festin elo Pierro." Wo readily admit that Mr. Punch's career is not exactly ono of prim virtue, but did any human being over hear of a child who oithor took Mr. Punch for a moral oxnmplo to imitato, or who passed " hours of anguish " becanso ho was afraid of Mr. Punch's bogies P Every chilli fools about Punch and Judy as Charles Lamb felt about tho comedies of tho Restoration. Children know they aro in a world of fantasy, nud uro no moro corrupted by Mr. Punch's high-hauded behaviour than tliov uro by tho clown who bonnets tho police- man and site down on tho baby. Children aro not idiots nor devoid of a sonso of humour. They allow for tho topsy-turvincss of Mr. Punch's world, they respect tho audacity of his singularly adventurous character, but thev no moro kill people because they admiro Mr. Punch than wo shoot Christian carriers becauso wo liko tho song of "Bonny TJuudee." " Do you protend," says Mrs. Colbron, " that a chile! docs not understand that he is being encouraged to In ugh at contempt of tho law, theft, and murder '( " Certainly, wo assert that no child, not being a congenital imbecilo, ever dreams of drawing such a moral. As to Bowdlerising Mr. Punch, nonsenso ! Wo may havo other puppet plays. Tho marionettes of M. Maurice Boucher act Shakes- peare (who is perhaps too dangerous an author), but that is no reason for presenting Mr. Punch as u con- verted character. After Mr. Punch, Fairy Tulos como in for con- demnation. " A careful mother " searched for hours among tho best book shops aud could not find a singlo volumo worthy to "bo carried homo for her early sprig. " Death, cruelty, suffering of man and beast were on every pago, and tho theme of evory talc." Precisely. Tako tho case of Mr. Blue board. Ho had a room full of jugulated wives, and was anxious to odd to tho list. Fortunately, a dragoon and a mousquetaire came up, perhaps Porthos himself, and tiley ran Mr, Bluebeard thruiigh tho boely. Itis a sad talo of depravity in high places, but is it credible that any child was over one penuy tho worso for it ? Perhaps Mrs. Colbron was. Her childhood " was haunted and embittered " by tho wolf in "Hod Riding Hood." Sho should have beou brought up on tho version, probably tho older, in which tho wolf is killed and cut up, and out jump little Rod Riding Hood mid her grandmother ns woll and jollyas over. Thus Red RidingHood is obviously tho dawn, and tho wolf is au eclipse,' aud so ou. Did tho " Sleeping Bemty ¡' frighten Mrs. Colhrou ? Was she afraid ot pricking lier linger with a spindle ? Did 6ho shudeler at tho royal grandmother who orders tho children lo bo cooked à sauce ltnbert ! Then thoro is " Hop o' my Thumb." That Odysseus of childhood caused the ogre to kill his own daughters. A healthy child wastes no sympathy on those victims. Thoy oro all young ogres, aiid better out of the way. Jack tho Giant Killer is a hero with a healthy child ; ho is not ou tho sido of tho giants, ho does not object te capital punishment whou it is richly deserved. There is a story m which tho stepmother is shod with red-hot iron suoès. It is positively necessary to alter this conclusion, and say that tho stepmother, n most odious person, was mado to stand in tho 'corner, or was not allowed to havo two helpings to pudding. Lot us reflect, lot ovon mothers reflect, that thoso good old fairy tales aro tho most ancient und the most widely dilíused literaturo iu tho world. There is no speecn in winch their voice is not heiird. "Little Sioux nn.l littlo Crow, Littlo frosty JiaUimo, know them, they aro dear te little Japanese as thoy wero to littlo Greeks, and brown small Egyptians' who havo been mummies for theso many thousand years. Our grandmothers, who wero not ferocious or cruol old ladies, told UB about Cinderella and Tom- tit-tot. Now Tom-tit-tot was a fiend. Wore wo any tho worso, wero our grandmothers nny tho worse, was all humanity, as soon as it could iuveut, any tho worse for Hop o' My Thumb and Red Riding Hood? Not to know thoir histories ¡ito bo sadly ignorant, is to miss what all pooplo, apparently, havo relished iu all countries and ages. , Tho imagination has boon fostered on such legends, and children havo novor taken them seriously. Except in "Puss in Boots " (whore a cat gobblos up a giant), tho stories havo usually a good moral, tho moral of kindness, courtesy, aud courage. Wo venturo to assert, in spito of Mrs. Colbron, and care- ful mothers, that no child was ovor elopravod ovon by "Puss iu Boots." A child makes no metaphysical distinctions, but ho, or she, has plonty of common senso and humour. What aro children to bo diverted with, if not by tho immemorably ancient literaturo of tho nursory ? Aro they to bo amused with tales of good littlo girls? ThoBihlo must at onco bo putout of their reach. Cain killed Abol ; tho flood drowned a numbor of persons ; Jehu was a truculent character ; David was by no means a stainless knight. Profano history is not to bo thought of for a moment. Henry VIH. was ns bad us Bluebeard, tho Rod Comyn " made sikkor " in, a brutal mauner. Soveral deserv- ing geutiemou were positively killed at Marathon. Blood wus actually shed on a vast variety of inter- esting occasions. Fiction is uo bettor. Front do Bouf carno to an cud shocking to ladies of sensibility and to Mr. Ruskin. Evon Harry, in " Sanelford and Merton," gavo some ono a puuch in tho guts. " Tho Arabian Nights " must never bo mentioned. Not a fow persons wero slain iu " Treasure Island." Tho Lances of Lynwood woro occasionally " washed," ns Cotewayo said. In brief, " a careful mother " will never find a book to suit her truly unenviable nursory. Wo pity her children, and every ono would like to Bond thom "Tho Arabian Nights " and "Tho .Pilgrim's Progress," Apollyon and all. Wo do uot recommend " Uncle Silas," or tho stories of Edgar Poo, to very sensitivo littlo girls. Nor aro all ghost stories good for all Toaders undor Vi. But careful mothers will simply train up children curtain to bo bullied at school, and fur too sensitivo to live iu a world like ours. If many mothers aro so silly, wo shall literally havo a generation of Paul Domboys. Tho important medical manuscript -whioh Georg Ebors acquired at Luxor 18 or 19 year» ago, only fragments of which have hitherto been translated, is now accessible to all who can road German. A complete translation has beon made by a Berlin medical man, Dr. flourish tfoachim, who loamed Egyptian i°r tho purpose. By his assiduous labours tho oldost medical work in the world,.written, ¡tis supposed, nt latest, 1550 n.e., and many parts of which are of a much oidor dato, 19 now common pro- perty. It consists mainly of roeoiptü, interspersed boro and thora with proverbs. Tho troatiso shows that many mothods at prosent in uso were practised by tho old Egyptian physicians. Tho 7th November was tho 226th anni- versary of tho London Gaztllc, Tho first number of tho presont series-for thoro hud boen oorlior occasional issues- appeared nt Oxford undor poouhar circum- stances. London was stricken with tho plague, and Charles II. and his Court botook themselves to the university city, and there, on tho 7th November, 1665, bogan the regular publication of the official journal. 1 