Intentafottal ^egm SUNDAY, AUGUST 14. Acts v. 1-11. Ananias and Sapphira. Golden Text (Gal. vi. 7).- -' Be not de ceived, God is not mocked : for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' SIN. The names of the sinners were Ananias and Sapphira. The two cul prits were man and wife. The conduct of Sapphira affords an illustration of the guilt incurred by simple assent to evil without a very active participation in it. The man appears to have been the one who actually kept back the money and; ? made the formal offering to the Apostles;. The wife's active part seems limited toj the lie recorded in verse 8. With re gard to the rest, she had simply agreed! to what was done. Yet she' was as; guilty of the sin as was her partner; Sin is to be looked at in the light of the thoughts and intentions of the heart. The sin itself was dishonesty as to. property and reputation. They desired', to have the good name which those ob tained who gave up private property and shared what they possessed with alt. the believers. For an instance of such giving up, see die case of Barnabas re corded at the end of the last chapter.. They represented that the money brought to the Apostles was all they had. Here was the first lie. The word, translated ' kept back ' in verse 2 car ries with it the idea of stealthy and dishonest appropriation, and in Titus ii. 10, is rendered ' purloining.' In addi tion to this, Sapphira herself told a wil ful lie, when three hours after she came in to the assembly. It was a lie to the Holy Ghost (verse 3), a lie unto God (verse 4). All sin is done primarily against God. God is the Creator ; sin mars His work. He is the Law-giver ^ sin breaks His laws. He is the Father ;. sin defies His authority and introduces, ruin into His family. In passing, we may here note an indication to the Per sonality and Divinity of the Holy Spirit. It is possible to attempt to de ceive the Holy Spirit ; therefore He must be a person, a living, intelligent Being. He is, moreover, distinctly called 'God,' as may be seen by com paring verse 3 with verse 4. The aggra vations of this sin were many. These two were not unenlightened, heathen, people. They were Jews professing faith in Christ. From infancy they had been trained in Hebrew morality, the strictest in the world. They had been taught to look at duty in the lighb of Christ's teaching, which applied to thought and intention as well as to out ward conduct. They had seen the won ders of Pentecost, those supernatural signs which conveyed conviction to so many hearts. They had the advantage, of the teaching and influence of the Apostles, and of the simplest, purest fellowship that the Church of Christ has known. In spite of all these advantages they sinned against God, ? s DETECTION. St. Peter, when Ananias presented;, his offering, read the falseness of his ? heart. How did he obtain his know ledge 1 Did he detect the culprit by a natural process ? It is more probable that through the indwelling Spirit the Apostle received a supernatural com munication of the facts. In the Old Testament we read of sinners detected by supernatural outward means. Such power of detection does not now belong to the Church. But there is a self revelation of character gradually un folding itself, which in the long run ex poses a hypocrite. No man can con tinuously act a false part for very long. But a more solemn part is that all things are naked and open unto God, with Whom we have to do. He be . holds every action, and hears every word, of our lives. He knows the secret thoughts and intents of the heart. The time is coming when all hidden things of darkness shall be brought into the light, when we shall all be manifested, at His judgment bar. ? PUNISHMENT. As in the case of the detection of the sinners, so in the case of the punishment the question might 'be asked, Was it due to natural causes, or to a supernatural act? ^Certainly, it is possible that a sudden shock and shame of the dis covery might produce death. But in the. case of the wife the death was fore told by the Apostle, ' The feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.' The punishment, then, was owing to the di» rect act of God. As to the severity, it does not become the creature to judge the Creator. Any difficulty which may be felt in contemplating this act of the Almighty may also be felt regarding any other of His severe punishments, and even regarding the sad fate which in the natural course of things falls upon sinners in this life. Instead of -questioning, let us learn the evil of sin, -how grievous in the sight of God it is, and how fruitful in bitter consequences «to the sinner. ' Great fear fell upon all the . Church.' Let that fear fall also upon us. Let us remember thab all sin, unrepented of and unforgiven, will at last be punished, and let us seek that pardon without which a darker doom ?than the death of the body must befall us. A review of this solemn incident in the early Church will suggest four lessons, which have been drawn out by Dr. C. J. Vaughan. (1) There is such a thing as acting as well as telling a falsehood. Ananias did not actually say that the money was the whole price of his land ; he let men draw that conclu sion from his conduct. (2) We have here an . illustration of the saying of the Apostle, ' The love of money is the root of all evil.' (3) We see the respon sibility involved in being brought near to God as members of His Church. (4) We may learn thab the fear of one another should be cast out by the greater ?and more awful fear of God. 