; ; EXiPEIEST OONNELLAN'S LETTER !rb ' HIS VOEMEE PAEIBHIONEES IN THE DIOOESE OP EEEHIN. 'Beloved Brethren, — For eeven years and three months I laboured among you. Thousands of you knew mo in the Confessional j almost all of you have hoard my voice from the pulnit ; I have baptized not a few among you. I have laboured in the four moat populous centres in your diocese — -Sligo, Strokestown, Roscommon, and Athlone — and Irom the day on which I entered upon my work to the day ot my departure hom the diocese there has never been a word of disagreement be tween us. I resided but four months in the parish of Strokestown, yet, at my departure, my flock presented me with a puree of sovereigns. Mostof you have read the commonts in the local journals when I loft the diocese, and I leave them to speak for themBolves. I am returning to live and die among you if you will permit me, and I know the question that will naturally bo asked by every one of you. ITou will say — " Yes, wo remember Father Oonnellan ' very well. He preached in our chapel, and we used to call him 'the fair- haired priest.' But wasn't ho drowned in Lough Eee a couple of years ago ? Is it his ghost that is coming amongst as?" Well, my dear friends, I am thankful to say that I was not drowned in Lough Roe. I left the diooese, put off my clerical garb, and worked on the Press in London for eighteen months. It was rather a curious thing for a " fair-haired priest" to do ; and I am going to give you my reasons for the step in as few words as possible. I was not more than two years a priest when I began to have conscientious scruples. I shall tell you the cause of all these scruples and troubles, not in the order in which they arose, for that would bo impossible in a short sketch like the present j and if you cannot master the difllcultios yourselves, you oan ask your parish priest to ex plain them for you. 1\. 'We have ah a great love for St. Patrick, and I used to read everything I could' lay my hands on concerning bim when I was a Roman Catholic priest. Now, St. Patrick left some writings in manuscript, and one of those is called " St. Patrick's Confession." All agree in believing this the genuine work of St. Patrick. Now, the fol lowing are the opening words of St. Patrick's Confession: — "I, Patrick, a sinner, the rudest and least of all the faithful, and most contemp tible to very many, had for my father Calpurnius, a deacon, a son of Potitus, a presbyter, who dwelt in the village of Bannavem Taborniae." Presbyter, I may tell you, is tho old word for priest, so we find that St. Patriok's father was a deacon, and his grandfather a priest. If a Roman Catholic deacon or priest were to marry now, ho would at once be suspended ; and don't you think the priests and deacons living only three centuries after Christ wore more likely to bo right than those of the nineteenth century ? Again, in none of tho works of St. Patrick is there a single word about devotion to the" Blessed Virgin, tho SaoriGce of the Mass, Purgatory, Invocation of Saints, or the like. St. Patrick always prays to God alone ; and Jocelin, an early Roman Catholic historian, says of him — " Ho used to read the Bible to tho people, and explain it to them for days and nights together." Lastly, you have always boliorcd, and so did I for nearly thirty years, that St. Patrick planted the Roman Catholio religion in Ireland in the fifth century. Wo know that every part of tho Island became Ghrietian, and that Ireland was called " the Island of Saints." But if St. Patrick planted the Roman Catholic religion in Ireland in the fifth century, is it not very curious that in the Bull given by Adrian IV. to Henry 11., in whioh he permits Henry to conquer Ireland, the Pope ex pressly states he does it " in order to widen the bounds of the Ghurob." The Pope handed over Ireland to Henry II. on condition " that be would take care that a penny ehouid be annually paid from every bouse in Ireland to St. Petor," and bis Holiness expressly states that his object is to " widen tho bounds of tho Church." Now, Christianity had been spread into every corner of " the Island of Saints " for seven centuries, and jet the Pope wants to " widen the boundaries of the Church " by introducing Ais religion into Ireland. What does it mean ? Well, I give you tho facts from Dr. Lanigan, a Roman Catholio historian (vol. iv. 164), and leave you to draw your own conolusion. 2\. When I was a Roman Catholio priest, one of my chief duties was to hear confeBsions. It is not a pleasant duty, I can assure you, but it was always a pleasure to mo to work for tho good- natured Irish peasantry. Well, the chief argu ment in support of confession is taken from the 20tli chapter of St. John's Gospel and tho 23rd veree — " Whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." Now, to understand the point of my argument, you must road in your Douay Testament from verso 19. Then turn back to tho 24th chapter of St. Luke, and commence at the 33rd veree. Both evangelists narrate exactly the same incident ; for in both he said, " Peace bo to you, and "He showed them His bands and His side." But what do we find ? In St. John, verse 19, we find that it was the ' Disciples," not the eleven Apostles only, who " were gathered together for fear of the Jews." In St. Luke, verse 33, we find that it was "the eleven," and " those that were with them," whom Jesus addressed. Thence it follows that not alone did Jesus give to the eleven Apostles the power of forgiving sins, but He gave it to "those who were with them" — to the whole company of the " Disoiplcs," and among ' that company there were certainly some women, riie'refore' Christ gave power to women to remit sine in the confessional. It follows as a necessary consequence ; and I hope you will ask one of your priests to solve the difficulty for you. My friends, you will find nowhere in the Now Testament a record of any of the ApostleB having remitted sins in tbe'cohfessional. They remitted them, no doubt, by preaching the Gospel. They bound and loosed, as you may see (Acts xv. 28, 29) but there is no record of .their having set up the confessional. In the 16th obaptor of the Acts, when the terrified keeper of the prison fell down at ; the , feet of - Paul and Silas, saying, " Musters, .what must I do that I may be saved ?" we. do; not read that; Paul took out his stole and asked hiin. to make hie confession. Oh the coti-' ' Irary, he'said, '"Believe in theX'ord Jesiis phnst'- ; arid thbii eholt saved." ' Indeed; it, can' bohon-'- cliisively proved from bisldry that; private oori-; ; foasipn was introduced by Leo I. in the 'fifth century. Public confession lalways existed; ' -St. James inculcates it (ohap.- v. 16), where; he says, "Confess therefore your sins oho' to another," showing that tho priest is just'as much bound to confess his sins to you as you are to the priest. 3\. All Roman CatboHcs try, where they can, to go to maes every Sunday and holyday, jand they believe that Jesus Christ is really and substan tially present in the host. They believe they receive Him in the Holy Communion also j and many of you are yet living, I have no doubt, to whom I carried the Holy Communion when you were sick. Now, the carnal presence of Christ in tho Eucharist is tried to be proved from the sixth chapter of St. John, and from the words of institution. The words in tho sixth chapter of St. John must have been spoken at least thirteen months before the Last Supper, as may be seen by a reference to John vi. 4 and xii. 1. The Church of Rome says Ohrist's words, both in the sixth of John and at the Last Supper, must bo taken liter ally. Tery well. In tho sitli verse of the sixth chapter of St. John, Christ says, " Except yo eat the flesh of tho Son of Man, and drink His blood, you shall not have life in you." Therefore, all who do not receive the Holy Communion must perish, and baptized infants, for example, are eternally damned ; I say the conclusion is inevit- ' able, if the doctrine of the' Church of Rome be true. But the same Church of Rome holds that baptized infants when they die -go straight to God. Again, in the 56th verso, Christ says, "He that eateth My flesh, and drinketh My blood, hath everlasting life ; and I will raise him up in tho last day." Tberefoi'e, all c'ommunioants are saved — in fact, you are landed in absurdities to no end, unless you take Cbrist'e own interpreta tion in the 64th verse — "The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life." Jesus gives the key also in tho 35th verso, whore He said — " He that comoth to Mo shall not hunger ; and he that believeth in Mo shall never thirst." It is by believing in Jesus, and coming to Him, that wo are to have eternal life. But tho Roman Catholic Church attempts to prove the carnal presence of Christ in the Euoharist from the words of institution — "This is My body, this is My blood." She says nothing can bo clearer than those words, and that unless Christ intended to leave His real body and blood He would have been guilty of deception. 'Well, when Jacob, in Gen. xlix. 9, said, " Judah is a lion's whelp," bis words were very plain ; but do you think any of his hearers believed Judah to bo reallj a lion's wbolp ? When we read in tho 119th Paalin, verse 105, " Thy 'Word is a lamp to ray feet," do wo think God's Word really a material lamp? When we read in John x. 9 — " I am tho door," do wo believe Christ to bo really a door? Not ot all. Holy Soripturo is full of figurative language and Christ constantly used it. Besides, in Luke xxii. 19, we read — "Do this for a commemoration of Mo," and in 1 Cor. xi. 26, wo road — " For as often as you shall eat this bread, and drink tho chalice, you shall show tho death of tho Lord, until He come." So tho Lord's Supper was to bo a memorial — a commomoratinn of Christ. But wo do not keep a memento of a person, no matter how dear, who is bodily present. It is only when tho friend is really departing that he leaves a- memorial. Jesus, in John xiv. 2, 3, says— "I go to prepare a place for you. I will come again, ond will take you to myself, that whore I am you also may be." Why did not Christ say — " Do not be troubled ; I am leaving myself in tho Euoharist ; you can handle me, feed on me ; I shall be a thousand times more iutimately con nected with yon than over before ?" He says nothing of the kind, however; nor does St. Peter in his famous sermon (Aots iii. 20) at Solomon's porch ; but he says — " When tho times of refresh ment shall come He shall send Jesus Christ, Whom heaven indeed must receive until the times of tho restitution of all things." 4\. I should be sorry to weary, yon, and so the last point I shall discuss bore is the alleged primacy of jurisdiction given by Christ to St. . Peter, and through him to the Pope. , The chief - text upon which tho Romau - Catholic. Church relies in this matter is Matt. xvi. 18— ' And I say to thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this' rock I will build My Church, and the gates of lioll shall' not prevail against it." In a hote'In the Doii'iy Testament we are told thnt Christ's words;are the same as if He said in English, "Thoii art a'rock, and upon this rook I will build My Church'." But' it is very remarkable that the Evangelist uses the word Petros for Peter, and Potra for- the rook: Now Petros means a stone while Petra means' a rock ; so that the words of Christ would really signify — " Thou art a stone, and upon this rook I will build My Church." If Christ intended to found Hie Church upon Peter, Ho surely would have ssid— "Thou art Peter, and upon tAee l will build My Church." But He really does say— " Thou art Peter (that is, a stone), and upon this rook (Petra) I will build My Church." Petor certainly was a stone in the edifice equally with the other Apostles, for St. John in the Apocalypse (xxi. 14) tells us that tho wall of the new Jeru salem "had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve Apostles of tho Lamb," St. Augustine distinctly states that Christ is tho rook " Because I am Petra, a rook, thou art Potrus, Peter ; for Petra, tho rock, is not from Petrus, Peter ; but Petrus, Peter, is from Petra, the rock. And upon this rock I will build My Church ; not upon Peter, whom thou art, but upon the rock whom thou hast confessed" (torn, v., 1097), St. Jerome holds the same opinion. But tho Church of Rome says Christ gave Petor .the keys (Matt. xvi. 19). No doubt ; ond Peter admitted the Jews by tho doors of tho Church (Acts ii.41), ond afterward the Gentiles (Aots x.). He also gave him power to hind and loose, and bestowed exactly the same power on tho other Apostles (Matt, xviii. 18). But even if Christ had con ferred upon Peter this extraordinary power, it would not follow that it hod been transmitted to the Pope. They tell us that St. Peter was the first Bishop of Rome. But what authority have we for such a statement ? Only a shadowy tradition. St. Peter is said to have founded the Church of Antiocb, and bos written an Epistle from Babylon; Why should not the Bishops of Antioob or Babylon have as good a right to call themselves successors to St. Peter as the Bishops of Rome? The Roman Catholio Church says. Peter was Bishop of Rome for twenty- five years; ;and was put to death tho same year with St. Paul 'Vfell, the Acts of the Apostles take us down, to .' : A.D. ' 66, and it is most extraordinary thiey never; mention Peter in connection with the See ot Rome. Even more extraordinary, if possible, is ; the fact that, although St. Paul resided two whole years at Rome, and wrote several Epistles there from, he never once mentions Peter's name. In his second Epistle to Timothy, written, as the Dousy Testament telle us, "not long before bis martyrdom," he saye : " Only Luke is with me." Nay, when he was before- Nero, at his first examination, not a friend stood by to comfort him. " At my first answer, no man stood with me, but, all forsook me ; m'ay it not bo laid to tlioir charge." Where was Peter? The Church of Rome says he had been residing at Rome twenty-five, years then. Was St. Paul' totally ignorant of bis preeence there ? , ' ; I I do not propose to touch upon any more points of controversy just how, but from what I have written, you will gather that it would have been dishonourable and wicked of mo to remain in tho Church of Rome. Of course the proper thing for mo to do was to write to my bishop, and resign into his bands tho charge ho had given mo seven year.s previously. But you know how a poor Irish priest, who retires from his ministry for conscientious motives, is reviled and persecuted. Then, my parents wore living. I dare say some of you know them, and if you do, you are aware J that they are devout Roman Catholics, and are respected and esteemed by their aoquaintanoes. They doted upon the, and I knew ' they would much prefer to weep over my dead body than mourn over what to i hem 'would bo my fall: I gave them the' easier aiterhativd; On Tuesday,, the 20th September, 1887, I said Mass in St. . Peter's, Atblono, as usual ; and had a talk 'with- my old parish priest. Dr. OofFoy, about schools, after breakfast, and then left, as I supposedi for ever. I sent a euit of secular olotbes to my boat, pulled up to Lough Ree, and, having left my lay suit on the bank, undressed in the boat and swam- ashore. I thank God that from that moment I have had, what I had not tasted for years previously — perfect peace. I got a position as- sub-editor on a London nowspaper, and for eighteen months gave myself to deep and constant study in the British - Museum. I began to feel that it was God's will I ehouid return to Ireland, aad tell ray dearly-loved countrymen of all that Christ has done for mo. He has accepted mo. I,, a poor sinner, believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, cast myself upon Him, and know thnt " I have peace with God, being justified by faith.'.' God spared not His own Son. " He made Him to be- sin for us. therefore for mo. " Wo were .recon ciled to God by the death of His Son.' This blessed accoptonce has flooded my very soul with spiritual joy and gratitude, and as the poroonial fountain spreads its water over tho surrounding meadows, so, my friends, do I long to impart to others tho riches with which Christ has endowed! me. I have nothing to say, except what PnuL said to his own countrymen after his conversion : " But this I confess to thee, that, according to the sect whioh they call heresy, so I serve the Father- and my God, believing all things which are written in the law and the prophets " (Aots xxiv. 14). I have written nothing that I have not grounded upon God's Word. Christ bids us " search the Scriptures." I hope to meet you all again, and to prove to you from God's Book — admitted by your own Church to be inspired — thot I have followed God's guidance. Your priest may denounce mo, but I am quite willing to discuss the matter with bim, and accept you, his own flook, as judges. Meanwhile, may God bless you all, and may you "grow in grace and in tho knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." — Your obedient servant, THOMAS CONNELLAN. Late Roman Catholio Curate, St. Peter's Athlone. 