A STRANGE MISTAKE. It would seom difficult, evonXn 41 dfZn 0t %Mtr0h d-% 'payable at twelve JSuttE'wartmwn by Jnok Wilde took it away with him, and the next morning handed it to Jack. It was duly backed by Tom s father. Mr. Wilde's name was good for £10,000. Morcashi discounted the note— taking 20 per cent, for' tho service— without hesitation. Jack waa Baved. A fortnight later his saviour, poor -kindly, hopeless, reckless Tom Wilde, fell dead. From that moment Jack was an altered man. His' friend's sudden end, and Mb own narrow : escape from ruin hnd Bobcred him. He resolved to free himself from hiB present entanglements, to pay hia debts, and to live for something worthier than pleasure. He set earnestly to work at his profession and at the same time set about arranging his affairs. In both occupations lis succeeded fairly well. A little prnotice camo to him, and by a jadiotons use ot tne money <- brought- and of his unole's allowanco, and by tha sale of what remained of his property, he contrived to meet his notes and bills ns they became due. At last at the end of twelve months nothing remained to pay except the note backed by Mr. Wilde, and no had money in hand 'to pay that. With 'a light heart ho wont to Moicashi's office. 1 1 have called to tako up that note, Morcashi,f he Baid. ' Oh, li'iivo you ?' answered Morcashi in a tone so sinister that it made Jack start. m TY t. <a' t4 7 X7 ft . T tltinlf V 'now IUUUI1 AO I AV/,V»WW, — W..B..BW a £1,000,' repliod Jack nervously. Oh, no; it's £10,000,' said Morcashi, as he took the note out of the safe and looked at it, 'Though,' he added, with a leer, 'I seo you havo forgot one of tho naughts.' What do you mean!' demanded Jack angrily, 'tkhile a feoling of impending evil mode hid heart tromble within him. ' Mean, Mr. Trumper V repeated! ttio money-lender. Mean ! I mean you'll havo \- to pay what I like, or. go to. gaol I This endorsement' is forged I' For a moment Jack stood in silence, eon- fused and amazed. Then tho trutli dawned MnAit Ittni Tnm WiMft hnri fuller) fn nAk lilt father's endorsement on tho note. Anxious to help hisifriond, he hod forged Mr. Wilde's name! As soon, as the facts, flashed on Jaok's mind ho saw the full horror of the situation. He had uttered this forged note. ' To all appear ance too, lie hod forged it. If he were charged with. tbo. forgery, not the slightest evidence. could ho call to rebut the presump tion against Mui, Even if Tom Wilde would have been willing to save him, he was dead 1 \- a-'—f « -»= useless to. try to explain to him or to appeal to his pity. Whatever terms that scoundrel proposed be must accept. ' Now, . Mr- Trumper/ tho money-lender went on, 'you see 'on it isl Well, I don't want to be ,'arsh — not me. What do you say to £1,000 in hand and your note' for £4,000 payable in twelve months. That's better than penal sorvitude, eh T Jaok refleotcd for a moment. I novor forged tho note,' he said, 1 but ; give roe a pen.!,' Ten minutesjater Morcashi gave a oheque for £l,0Q0.and| took a promissory note for £4,000 payable nt twelve months.' He handed J(apk. in return the forged dooumcnt Jaok stepped over to the fireplace and burnt it. Then lie turned to the money lender — the. fiiiinu of the burning paper seemed somn- how to have got into his eyes. ' You mi erable ruffian 1' he oi ied. ' I'll bs even with you yet I' Before the twelve months of the note had elapsed, old General Trumper had died, and under his will Jaok came in for n fortune of nearly £80,000. He duly met the bill, and sobered cflcctuully by the lesson it hnd taught hiin stuck fast to tlio resolution lie had formed after Mb first disastor, and worked at his: profession. Aided by his largo fortune, his" progress was rapid. He rose steadily, until at length his position at tho bar was recognised by his. party. Ho was made Solicitor- Genoral. As he read the patent of his appointment, ono fact gave him a shock. He noticed that it waB dated on the thirtieth anniversary of the day on which he hud uttered a forged note I He thought of Morcashi. He Imd lost sight of that man for years. Where was lie now, and would he ever have n chance of being even with him 1 It so happened that, nt this very moment, this same Morcashi was nearer Sir John Trumper than ho imagined. While the new Solicitor-General wns receiving the congra tulations of ilis friends, Morcashi was drawing a fresli victim into his net, nnd that fresh victim was none other than tho new Solicitor General's eldest son. Young Charlie Trumper was just twenty three. Ho wns extremely like his futher in person, manners, and mind. Unfortunutely, lie displayed similnr tactes to those which so nearly ruined his futher when he was about the same age; ho whb recklessly extravagant in his ways, and was, moreover, addicted to gambling. Though his allow ance was much larger than the income his father Imd possessed as a youth, yet - his expenses and losses wsro propoi-tionally heuvier, and ho, like his father, soon found himself forced to resort to the money-lender. The money-lender he happened upon wns none other than tbe evil genius of his father's youth, Moses Morcashi. _ Morcashi treated hint ns ho had treated his futher, advanced money to him freely, and encouraged him in his extravagant wnys, bsbb wast, jwuug . autivvv WHO uvur IIL'UU unci ears in debt. Then he suddenly stopped supplies and demanded repayment. Charlie Trumper wns dumbfounded. ' Why, man, lie exclaimed, ' 1 can't pav you?' V3 1 Well, then, go to your father,' answered the money-lender, 1 and ask liiui to pay vour legal debts,' ' 1 .can't,' said Charlie. 'You must,' replied Morcashi. 'If you don't, I'll make you bankrupt, and disgrace both you and hiin.' The young man reflected in silence for 'You have givon mc a lot of bad advice in your time,, Moroaslii," ho said at last, ' but you have given me n little good udviqo at last. I will fu-w i-- — -r-j.i. m r-xivxu. -L . ... "taiiier and confess | I i.j laing. please God I'll never be in i such a mess its this again.' And without another word, the young nion rose to his feet and left the mouey-lender's office. J Two days later Mr. .Moreruft, Sir John Truuipor's solieitor, called on Alorcasiii to make, inquiries ns to tlio amount of Charlie Trumper's debts. When he found that these c8uir to nearly £10 000, lie expressed doubts whether Sir John would pav tliein. Sir John, however, proved moro yielding than Mr. Morcraft expected. As Charlie had promised reformation, ho wished to give him ai fair oliance. . Ho was willing to lepay Morcashi all the money ho had actually advanced to the young man, -with five per cent, interest. -'If tlio money-lender did not accept these terms, he could take what steps he choose, Morcashi was furious. Ho raged and threatened, but it whb all no uso. Sir John and his solieitor treated his ravings with contempt. They knew lie must accept the offer, ilf he refused it and made Charlie a bankrupt, he would only lose bis money, and expose himself ; and accept it he did. But great man as Sir John iB now,' he said, as lie poe-eted the cheque, ' I'll make him repent this dirty triok.' 1 Mr. Morcashi,' replied the solicitor, quietly, ' Sir John has directed mo to warn you that on no account whutever will he ever ugain repay you a shilling lent to his son.' 'Oh, I thought his son hnd 'reformed ? ' answored Mr. Morcashi, with a sneer. 'Sir John can't linve niuoh faith in his soil's reformation when ho thinks it necessary to send such cautions as tmir,- Perhaps tho money-lender wiib not so far wrong.' Within threo months after this interviow, who should oonio into Mr. Morcushi's office but Charlie Trumper. ' What, buck ugitin 1' cried tho money lender. ' Yes,' unswered the lud, a bit shame-faced, ' I want some money.' ' How much 1' '.£10,000. Tho money-lender gasped. ' £10,000 I' he exclaimed. 1 That's your idea of reformation, is it ? Ho, ho. And you think I'm such a blamed . fooljis to lend lb CO you nicer VIIO WHjr A time?' ' I must havo the money at onco, was all Charlie Trumper roplicd. Oh, you're in a hole, uro you I Well, look 'ore. I wouldn't lend you a sixpence on your note of 'and ; not a sixpence.' The money-lender paused for a a moment. Then hq continued, speaking very deliberately and nnd .watching the youth's face keenly. ' But if you got Boinebody to back it, of oourse that would be different.' VXiaruu Butrcuu auguciy miu iciwdvwm aw. « moment. ( . ' I must have the money/ he said. ' Well, get somebody to buck your bill.' 1 I'll try,1 rinswered Charlis, as ho rose and left the office. By great Scott 1' cried the money-lendor when tho door had closed. 1 That boy is hie father's eon I If he doesn't do it I'm a greenhorn, Then I'll Hqueezo Sir John in earnest.' # Tho very next morning Olmrlio Trumper arrivedifit Morcashi's office. H handed tlio money-lender n note. It wns for .£1000, payable nt three months. It purported to be backed by Sir John Trumper. Without a . moment's hesitation Morcashi drew nt cheque for £10,000 and handed it to Charley who pocketed it hurriedly ftt,d left the office 4 Now I have hiin/ muttered the money lender, exullingly. A month later— he was too impatient for his revenge to wait longer— Morcashi called at the Solicitor-General's chambers and there demanded an interview with'Sir John. He was shown in: Sir John looked anything but amiable. 'Well, what do you want?' ho asked in stem tones. 1 1 want to speak to you about a note of your son's,' replied Morcasbi. / Oh, he has beon with you again, lias he?' said Sir John, looking blacker than ever. 4 Yei<, a.- month ago he borrowed £10,000 from tne on a note for £12,000, which pur ported to be endorsed by you/ 'Byrne! Oh, indeed. WolM' Sir John's face wns furious, though his voice was very cnlin. 1 AVell— well/ continued the monoy lender, fueling strangely nervous. ' Well, from inquiries I have made, I believe your en dorsement is it forgery.' 'In that case the note's not worth much, eh? answered Sir John, in an ominous tone. 1 — I don't understand you/ stammered Morcashi. 4 W fil I. T TY\fllt II it !.«. n« J AHKiIIrt ,1.1 L m rw M \----, - ......... ,,,j, uiiuiiificuiuiik la it forgery you'll have some difficulty in getting your money. It's a piiy.you did not make your inquiries before you took the note.' 4 But smaly you'll pay it, for tho credit of your son » . said Morcashi, in amazement. 1 Look here, Mr. Morcashi, let us under stand ono another. You took tins note believing my endorsement to bo a forgery. You took it after I hnd exprossly told you J should pay no more of his debts. Under these circumstances I feel no obligation to meet the note nor pity for you if you lose your money. You can do ns you like/ 4 Good heavens, sir, surely you'll pay some thing to save your oldest son from a con\ic- lion for forgery?' cried Morcashi iu agonised tones. The prospect of having to compen sate himself for tlio loss of £10,000 by prosecuting Iris debtor for forgery was the reverse of Attractive. The Solicitor-General reflected for a moment. wen, he then said, ' perhaps I would, though I can't say I feel bound to do so. He promised uio never to gamble or get into debt again; and so if he lias broken Iris pledge lie lias no right to complain if J refuse to help him. Still, it would be dis agreeable to see him in. the dock. Let me see, now. Well, I'll give you £12,000 for the note/ 4 Two thousand!' exclaimed Morcashi. 1 Only £2,000 for a note I advanced £10,000 upon !' 'Yes; it's not good business, I admit/ cried Sir John quietly « but it's better than notuing at all.' 4 1 won't take it I' cried Morcashi. 4 Oh, very well ! But, peril tps, you had botterconsirler it. I'll gire | heckle. You'll excuse mo — I'm very busy. I Good -morning — that's the way outl' And this was hia vocenge ! How Morcasbi gnashed Iris teeth and s&oru; uooeeance , against all iho Truinpurs, past, present, ana J to come ! What a miserable two days those j were ! Over and over again be resolved to I reject tho £2,000 and prosecute, and over and over again be reconsidered bis resolution. Prosecution would bo sweet ; but was it worth £2,000 ? He had lost £8,000 already ; tho prospect of losing £2,000 more was more than he could bear. On tlio second day after his interview with Sir John, he again sought the Solicitor- General's chambers. Ah, wliat a change had come ovet hiin since then I Then he was confident and elated at the prospect of wringing money front his ndverstry. Now ho had come to capitulate and ask easier. ' Well 1' demanded Sir John. ' Will you accept my offer 1' 1 Couldn't - you say £4,000, Sir John ? naked Morcashi, in huniblu tones. K nt n ahillinir more will I cive. Now, what's your answer? I have no time to lose.'. , Well, I suppose I must accept it, hut its it gross fraud.' ' Dont talk to mo of fraud, you blood sucker,' replied Sir John, contemptuously, as he took out hiB cheque book and drew a cheque for £2,000. A minute later the note was handed to Sir John, who gave Morcashi the cheque. Morcashi than rose to go. 1 By the way, Morcashi,1 said Sir John, ' yon remember how you defrauded mo out of £4,000 over an itilnir like this.' ' Oh yes, you, like your son, were a torger in your time,' replied the money- lender angrily, ' Now, it strikes mo that the £8,000 you have lost over this affair just about covers that £4,000, with 4 per cent, interest since you extorted it.' ' Eh 1' said tiie money-lender with a curious look on his face. Ay, isn't it funny I' the Solicitor-General went on. ' I told you at the time that I'd bo oven with you. And bo I nut. A haven't lost in the end over the transaction.' What do you mean ? I don't understand you 1' oried Morcashi, oxeitedly. He folt lie had been trtoKon in some way or otuer. , ' Oh, merely this that my son borrowed that £10,000 for mo I' Do you mean to say that your endorse- raont was not forged 1' screamed the monoy- lender. ' Most certainly not,' replied tho Solioitor- Genoral, genially. 'Your inquiries must I have misled you. Good morning.' j An amateur drum-Rio company gave a a few niehtH n i-n. The niece wiib ' Hamlet,' and GuBSnobberly played the ghost. < Gus expressed his lack of confidence in hin)So1f, but the manager reassured him by saying:-- ' Now, Gus, all in tho world you have to do is to come in and say, ' I am thy father's ghost,' and you must do it in a deep sonorous ' voice.' Gus said lie would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn oamo, he spoiled tho trngio effect of tho whole per formance by saying: 'I am thy fnthor's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice. Tins is a world of strange contradiotionB; one woman is unhappy because . sho is not married, another because sho is. 