lit ktmtxsml Wesson. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11. Acts xv. 12-29. The Apostolic Council. Golden. Text (Acts xv. n).— ' Through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved even as they.' THE DIFFICULTY. Last week we left Paul and Barnabas revisiting those places in which they had successfully ? preached the Gospel to the Gentiles. When this work was done they returned to Antioch, from which they had first started, where they held a great missionary meeting, and gave an account of their work, perils, and suc cesses (xiv. 28). Everything now appeared prosperous and hopeful. But a cloud soon arose. Certain men came down to Antioch and troubled the little church. They de clared that unless the ceremonial law of Moses were observed men could not be saved. Of course this teaching had a most important bearing, not only upon the case of Gentile members of the church in Antioch, but also upon the large number of Gentile converts won over to the truth by the preaching of Paul and Barnabas during the missionary journey just ended. If the teaching of these visitors were true, the Apostles' labour had been all in vain ; they had been found false witnesses of Christ; and the new disciples were mistaken and -unhappy people. If this teaching were true, the future of the . Christian Church would be one of ceremonial bondage instead of spiritual freedom, and Christianity would have little advantage over the most burdensome form of ancient Judaism. THE CONSULTATION. The church in Antioch appointed a deputation to go to Jerusalem to receive advice upon this question. Paul and Barnabas, and ' certain other of them,' were the members of the deputation. On their arrival aif assembly of the Apostles and Elders was held. The ' elders ' were the presbyters of the church. There were present also the lay members of the church, for reference is made in verse 12 to the ' multitude,' in verse 22 to the ' whole church,' and in verse 23 to the ' brethren.' The discussion of the subject appears to have been carried on Dy the Apostles and Elders, and the general body of the people concurred in the result of their deliberations. The first set speech appears to have been made by Peter, who referred to his past experience in this matter. After Peter, Barnabas and Paul narrated their own personal experiences amongst the Gentiles, and showed how the Divine approbation was given to their ministry by the miracles and wonders with which it was crowned. The next speaker was James. In Christian literature he is known as the Bishop of Jerusalem. Evidently he occupied a position of superiority, for on this occasion he summed up the evidence, and gave afterwards his ' sentence ' or 'judgment,' which was confirmed by the Church. (1) By the experience of the living preachers present, and (2) by the harmony of that experience with the general current of prophetical teaching, James had no difficulty in coming to his conclusion, which was that Gentile converts should not be troubled — 'worried,' 'harassed,' with the ceremonial burden of the law. THE DECISION The judgment of James commended itself to the assembly. Two men were chosen to return with Paul and Barna bas to carry the message to Antioch. Their names were Judas and Silas. The shorter form, ' Silas,' is used by St. Luke ; the larger, ' Silvanus,' by St. Paul and St. Peter. 'He was a prophet (verse 32) and a Roman citizen (xvi. 37). St. Paul chose him for his companion on his second missionary journey. His name occurs in the salu tation of both Epistles to the Thessa lonians, in conjunction with that of Timothy, as also 2 Cor. i. 19.' — Speaker's. These men carried with them a docu ment in which the decision was formally embodied and recorded in the shape of a letter to the Gentile Christians. We may note the commendation of Barnabas and Paul. The conduct of the latter had proved how genuine ' was his con version. In Jerusalem itself he was now regarded with confidence and affec tion. The Apostle's reality had lived down all suspicions. We may also note the ' expression of dependence upon Divine teaching (verse 28). The Holy Ghost is mentioned as the source of wisdom and authority. The assembly was the instrument of His will. 