TELEPATHY AND "REAL GHOST STORIES." " Star to stir vibratos Unlit ; mny soul to soul 8trlku through u liner element of her own T rdopathy is defined to ba "thought trans ference without tho uso of tho organs of senso." A simplo definition and clear. Olio jilso that most of us can lit in with personal experience. For few people, at one time or another, liavo not experienced a restless con sciousness that someone was looking at tliein, and turned round to find that a friand was trying to catch their eye, as tho exjtrossion is. This is a very simplo case of telepathy. Just as tho rubbing of u. stick of sealing-wax or tho friction of an author pipe stem and the attraction by them of a fragment of paper or straw is an example of tho action of electricity. IIow much else it is claimed to ho and may he — for it must ho remombored that tho tele, graph, tho telephone and phonograph were all moro or less latent in what our ancestors looked upon as tho kitc-llying folly of Ben jamin Franklin — will perhapB most easily bo shown by a glanco through Mr. Stead's Christmas book, entitled "Real Ghost Stories. " Wo know that Pagan mythology peopled evory hill and river and woodland with millions of spiritual creatures— tho Oread, tho Naiad and tho Dry ad, tho great god Pan and tho yellow-skirted Pays haunted spring and dale. But with the spread of moro accurato knowledge of natural causes thoy liavo lied, and though they may still lingor in the byways of popular superstition tho scientific investigator laughs them to scorn, and our poets lament because Our hills anil seas anil streams Dispeopled o! their dreiuus, Xliolr waters turned to blood, their dew to tears, IV nil for tho golden years. But there is one class of ultra natural appearances thnt liavo resisted even scienco ; ghosts or hallucinations, which havo been seen in all ages and among every people, still apparently claim their ancient rights of revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and tho sheeted dead still occa sionally squeak and jibber in our streets. Modern science cannot cxorciso the ghost, so it seeks to explain him. Indeed, ho himself, Mr. Stead implies, insists that he shall be 110 longor ignored as a phenomenon of nature. But he is admittedly difficult to deal with. His coinings and goings are intermittent and fitful; his substance is too shadowy to bo handled, and he lias avoided, hitherto, the inquisitiveness of tho microscope. Still it must not bo forgotten that thcro aro moro things in earth and heaven than everyday philosophy dreams of. All tho great forces of naturo havo manifestations that pass unheeded by tho senses. The chief forces that affect tho senses havo all a "threshold valuo," as physiologists call it. Thero aro heat vibra_ tions and light vibrations and sound vibra. tions that tho unassisted souses lake no account of. Thero are sound waves whoso vibrations aro too slow to bo heard by us, and thero aro sound waves too rapid to make a sensible impression ou tho car. So of light; thcro aro invisible waves at each end of tho spectrum. The time, of course, may como when our senses shall have developed sufficiently to perceive these, but at present thoy cannot. Now, there can bo 110 disputo about tho fact that hallucinations occur- Thoy are facts, quite as solid facts as tho rising of the sun or the door that we run our head against in tho dark. And according to ;he first great law of nature thoy must have 1 cause. We have 110 single objection, there" tare, to make against the proposed " Census >f Hallucinations." As Mr. Stead truly ays, the question of apparitions is a question >f evidence, and our first dutyis tocollectthe ividcnce. A hallucination, it is pointed out, . Is not necessarily a mere creation of the fancy. It is defined to "a shapo which is not what it seems to he, namely 1, human being in llcsh owl blood, ana which so far lacks reality, but it may, nevertheless, havo a very true aud definite mcauing and message of its own, or may, 011 tho othen hand, be a mcro indication of somo d is order of the senso organs or of the brain." At present it is Baid that something over 11 per cent, of thoBe examined by tho Psychical Research Society have " seen or heard what is not ex plicable by any known laws ;" these inex plicable sights and sownds aro hallucinations. Having accepted thc.ir existence, tho next question is to account for it. Aro they pro jected from wifchin us, or are they objectivo uppcaramjcs ? Aro thoy psychical or physical or super-physical ? Tho most favored explanation now is that thoy aro within us. That thoy aro to all intents and purposes purely subjective, being even less material than tho sightless couriers of tho air upon which the light and heat of the sun travel to this dim spot that men call earth. A good inauy people, howover, especially those who describe themselves as Theosophists and Spiritualists, claim that they aro much more. Tclcpathists, whether spiritualists or not, maintain that mankind is possessed ot a dual soul or consciousness. They hold that besides tho mind and body, mcauing by mind the conscious personality, thero is also within our material frame a soul or unconscious personality tho truo naturo of which is at present enveloped in mystery. Now, this conception of a dual or even mnltiplo per sonality helps to explain, hypothetically somo of the most curious phenomena o hallucination. It is as though our body was lit by two souls — tho greater to rule the day, the lesser to rule the night. This last, un. :onscious while we aro awake, alort and ibout, becomes half conscious when wo deep, and can ho developed with completo jonsciousnoss when tho other personality is thrown into a stato of hypnotic trauco. Our dual natures dwell together, perhaps, someone has said, liko married folk, "according to tho old ideal when tho man is everything and tho woman is almost entirely suppressed." Or, perhaps, bettor like tho householders of the littlo Weather-gauge of our nursery days, tho tiny cottage with a double door way; when it was lino thp littlo man took his walks abroad when it was threatening rain he retired within, and his small wife appeared out of doors with her umbrella. This conception of doublo consciousness has been a subject of study chiefly to thu French and Gorman hypnotists. It has also been made use of by thu English Society fo Psychical Research in tho empirical explanu tiou of that largo group of debatable phenomena designated as mesmeric, psy chical and spiritualistic. This society is a scientific association, formed for tho purpose, if possible, of solving the questions, What is our EgoV Wherein does personal identity consist'; How can one prove that "I am I"?- Is it possible that wo aro not ono-soulcd, hut two V Mr. Myers, a prominent meinbor of the society and one of the best-known English writers 011 tho sub ject, is very temperate in his conclusions. "I consider," lie says, " that dreams, with natural somnambulism, automatic writing, with so-called mediumistio trances, as well as certain intoxications, epilepsies, hysterias and recurrent insanities, afford oxamxiles of tho development of what I liavo called secondary mnemonic chains — frosh personali ties, more or less complete, alon gaido the normal state. And 1 would add that hypno tism is only tho name given to a group o empirical methods of inducing theso fresh personalities." That thero may ho wholly distinct charac ters latent in the sumo person is abundantly shown by the fact that most inen when drunk nro quite difforcnt from what thoy aro when Bohcr. The two characters are often abso lutely opposed. Nor lot this illustration he despised. Drunkenness is a purely physical effect, duo to a definite cause, yet it produces uttorly diverse emotions in two different minds, though ulways similarly affecting tho same mind. This idea of a sub-conscious per sonality is more definitely bodied forth in tho conception of a Thought Body or Double— what is known to Esoteric lluddhistji as tho AHtral Body, or 0110 of them. Thero aro well-established eases in "which, what wo may agree to call tiio " subconscious mind ' lias superseded tho conscious, as will ho abundantly evident from tho curious cases collected in I'art I. of Mr. Stead's hook. This ami tho first two chapters of I'art IJ. are, indeed, in our opinion, tho only portions of tho work of especial interest or value. Tho other stories differ littlo . from tho ordinary ones told from time immemorial of tho raw ghost of commerce ; savo that it being tho object of tho editor to climinato all ornament, most of them aro somowiiat boldly told and so far additionally uninteresting. It would be impossible wholly to accept all tho supposed manifestations of tho doublo. Some of tho statements of Mrs. Bcsant and lior friends would liavo mado tho witch of Endor gasp and stare. But it would bo ridiculous to deny that many of tho re corded facts aro consonant with tho hypothesis, and as far as wo know with no other. , A3 for tho rest of tho book wo cannot imagino that " Real Ghost Stories" will add a jot to tho credibility of ghosts in tho strict sense of tho term. Tho tales aro mostly worthy only of tho oar and cyo of ohildliood that fears tho painted dovil. Tho theory of dual consciousness will indeed explain tho oxistonco or appearance of doubles of tho living. And somo Tclcpathists liavo sugges ted that in most cases where wo havo ivell- autUeuticatcd evidence of tho appcaranco of apparitions, it is probably tho Doublo of tho dying and not tho ghost of tho dead that is manifested to the living. Such hold with tho Persian — Strange is It not, that ot tho myriads who Jlcforc us passed the door of Darkness through, No one rctuniH to tell 119 of tho road, That to discover we mast travel too." But no one pretends that Tolepatliy will explain all the stories that have been handed down to us. For instance, wo havo a record of an American caso in which a sister ap" peared to her brother nine years after death with a scratch 011 her cheek as red as if it had been mado tho day before. He recog nised his sister, ; but eould not understand the scratch. On telling his mother, liqwovor! of tho appcaranco she informed him that the disfigurement had boon caused by tho noodlo used in sowing the corpse's shroud niuo years before, hut sho had never mentioned it to anyone. As Mr. Stead candidly ndmits, probably any explanation of subjootivo hal lucination, or of downright lying, would he preferred by tho majority of people, to tho acceptance of tho simple accuracy of this statement and somo others, which are pro bably worth about as much as tho confcs. sions of tho old-time witches, who sworo that thoy wore dancing with Satan, while tlioir husbands held their material bodies clasped in tlioir arms. Telepathy, as wo understand and accept it, affords no satisfactory explanation of post mortem appearances, or of premonitions, or cvou of clairvoyance. Almost cvoryono has had an experience of this last strango sensa tion at soino timo in a degrco moro or less intense and' vivid. How many of ns liavo felt convinced, on coming to somo now placo or in tho presence of somo new sccno, that wo liavo BOmewhcro seen it all before, or somo trivial conversation seems tho echo of a previous experience. Thoro aro perhaps half a dozou hypothetical explanations of this. Is it tho revival of a forgotten impression? Is it a shadow of a prc-existeiit stato ? Is it a phenomenon explicable by tho postulated oxistonco of tho Double ? Is it a proof of an undeveloped but developing power, which will enablo tho finite mind of man to gazo into tho secular to-ho ? We find 110 certain answer. Of the greater part of Mr. Stead's book, of all indeed except tho fust thrco chapters, we cannot speak very enthusiastically. Wo have not tho smallest objection to his making money out of a sensational and second-rate Christmas number. Mr. Stead is indeed a sort of Mr. Grundy, or, perhaps better, a British Mrs. Cato, who, although lie lias done some good work and has proved himself commercially a most successful journalist, is to many little better thau one of tho profane. His chapter on " Myself and My Premonitions" is not of tho most vivid interest, and to us indeed only recalls recol lections of an old woman conjuring with tho dregs of licr teacup. But we have a much moro serious objection to bring for" ward to tho latter parts of his pub" lication than smug egotism and inerc ahscnco of interest. That Mr. Stead should dot his " I's" with a somewhat osten tatious flourish of trumpets docs no one any special harm. That I10 should oven share the not uncommon belief of complacent self; conceit that ho is one of Fortune's specia1 pets is not indictable. Tho majority of men must doubtless continno to receive Mistress Fortuno's bullets and her favors with equal thanks, while Mr. Stead remains tho littlo button 011 the top of tho Great Panjandrum. " No person," be says, " can havo had thrco or four premonitions such ns tlioso which I have described (in his own case) without feeling that such premonitions aro the only certainties of tho future. They will ho fulfilled, no matter how incredible thoy appear, aud ainid tho endless shifting circumstances of our life these fixed points, towards which wo aro iuevitably tending, help to givo steadiness to a career and a feeling of security to which the majority of men aro strangers." Such con victions wo can look on with tho tolerant, if slightly contemptuous pity, for vulgar errors that wo would feel 011 seeing a housemaid greet tho stranger in her tea cup. Bat when Mr. Stead attempts to justify his compilation by such suggestions lis the following, "The greatest gain, however, that iB likoly to accrue from the study of the phenomena to which tliis volume is devoted, will arise from the deepened certainty which it gives as to the permanence of tho individual after death ;' and, again, " It is possible that this bringing of life and immortality to light, or at least tho establishment of a future life upon im pregnable scientific foundations, may seem to some by 110 moans an unmixed blessing;'' we fool bound to protest with emphasis. No mood could bo more opposed to scientific in vestigation than tho state of mind prompted by such an anticipation. Tho single fact that a considerable num ber of tho most striking ghost stories hero recorded aro described as having mado a " deep religious impression," or as being instrumental in reclaiming tho lapsed and sceptics to religion or a belief 111 immortality in our opinion renders them quite valueless anil untrustworthy. Can Mr. Stead seriously mean that any evidence such as ho has col. looted hero would bring us ono barleyeorn nearer to a solution of tho problem of tho great Unknown, " the something after death"? We trust not. Tho gullibility of tho British public lias survived many shocks. It is a monster that doth make tho meat it foods on, 11 1110011 call' with u Gargantuan mouth and tho hungriest mill healthiest appetite for mar vels. It will doubtless gorgo this collection with avidity. What though moro careful subsequent investigation shall compel it to disgorge the greater part ! That it will do any material mischief we do not suppose, but to regard the greater portion of it more seriously than wo would a clever and prob ably remunerative advertisement wo cannot pretend. _______________ 