CRiCkET. ADELAIDE OVAL. . In suoh lovely weather as we had on Satur day and with the prospect of interesting cricket no wonder the attendance at the Oval was larsrerthan usual for a Saturday after noon. The spectators saw some splendid batting, tho Norwoods and South Adelaides making the pace very much the same until the last hour or bo, when Hayward's hitting sent the Norwoods' total 20 ahead, where ib re mained. Wo have been asked to mention that it is annoying to have to frequently stop play because people will walk in front of the screens at the ends of the ground. They might easily go behind as they pass. Norwood v. Adelaide. The splendid batting shown by the Ade laides lately led their supporters to think the red- and-blacks would make a fair stand againsb the formidable Norwoods. It was almost generally hoped that the Adelaides would get in first, and make say 250 or 300, bo that the unusual spectacle would be witnessed of the crack 'club chasing a long score. These hopes were rudely shattered by George Giffen winning the toss. A long score was now expected, especially from the Australian men, the Giffens and Lyons. The Adelaides' attack was weakened by the absence of Winnall, although Tardiff, who has been away in the country, resumed his place in the team. Lyons and McKenzie led off to the bowling of the Adelaide dons— Haldane and Delaney. Both had an excellent length, and Lyons could not be tempted for a while, but after nearly twenty-five minutes' batting the big man discarding safe tactics tried to bang a straight ball to the square-les: boundary, and had the mortification of seeing his centre stump levelled. He bitterly rued his bad stroke. The spectators, who expected big hitting, looked to George Giffen to give them value for their money. They were not disappointed. McKenzie gave Delaney a sharp chance at slip, which was refused, and a little later His cock, at cover, made a fine though vain at tempt to take a catch. The left-hander having banged both bowlers over the boundary essayed to repeat the performance, and was easily caught in the long- field. Two wickets were down for 40 as Blinman joined his captain. A prolonged stand enBued. The crack, as soon as he settled down, played more vigorously than usual. Once he hit Delaney for 5, bub eclipsed this stroke by straight hitting a ball clean out of the ground. He also made some beautifully timed drives, one in particular speeding past Hiscock deep at cover before thab alert fieldsman had made two steps towards it. Hal dane and Delaney were relieved by Jack son and Tardiff, but the runs, instead of being diminished by the short-pitched balls, came faster and faster, Giffen evincing a special liking for Tardiff, landing one ball two-thirds of the way down the ground— a tremendous hit. Blinman played steadily as usual, making most of his runs by sweet leg hits. Just ab 4 o'clock Blinman pub up a ball to leg on which he intended to go nearer square leg, and of course Woods could nob miss the chance. After an adjournment, quite needless on such a pleasant afternoon, the Giffen brothers con tinued the innings, Delaney coming on again. The younger brother opened carefully, bub soon let out and made some fine drives off Tardiff, who was thereupon relieved by Haldane. George also scored merrily, but at 173 he lost his brother, who was caughb in the same place as Blinman, having been missed at slip by Jackson off the preceding ball. The champion did not long survive, as when within measureable distance of tho century he was snapped up at the wickets. He made his runs by brilliant, attractive, all- round batting in an hour and fifty minutes. He did not give even a ghost of a chance, if we except a hit to the long-field, which Woods, fleet as he is, could nob quite reach on the fly. The vigour of the innings may be imagined when we say there were in it 1 six, 2 fives, and 13 fours. With five of the best men oub for 175 the Norwoods' prospects were none too alluring. Hay ward and Gooden, however, made a good stand. The younger batsman hit brilliantly, and ran up 46 in forty minutes. He made two lofty hits out of reach, and one hit over the rope, but the feature of his play was the wristy off driving and cutting. Curiously he was' nilsBed in the same way as Walter Giffen the ball before he got out, and in exactly the same way, Jackson failing bo make a catch at slip off Haldane's bowling. Hayward made no less than 37 of his runs in boundary hits. Liston failed this time, probably because his side was not in difficulties, but Thomas at last showed some of tho form which gained him a place in the eleven. The veteran Gooden, too, played in his best style, scoring pretty rapidly, principally by well-plaoed threes and twos, with an occasional fourer. The total is now an easy winning one. Haldane's three wickets «osb 103 and Delaney's three 116\. Tho fielding was brilliant, although Jackson, usually eo safe, missed catches, Woods was exceptionally dashing, and fre quently earned applause. Hill kept wickets capitally. Score : — AOKWUOD. J. J. Lyons, b. Delaney ? 8 J. McKenzie, c. Woods, b. Haldane ... 24 G. Giffen, c. Hill, b. Delaney ? 92 H. Blinman, c. Woods, b. Tardiff ? 27 W. F. Giffen, o. Woods, b. Haldane ... 23 C. W. Hayward, c. andb, Haldane ... 4G J. E. Gooden, not out ? 4G G. Liston, c. Jackson, b. Delaney ? 1 J. Thomas, not out ? 25 Byes 4, leg-byes 2, wide 1 ... ... 7 Total (for 7 wickets) ... ...299 Sojth Adelaide v. Nojvth Adelaide. Considerable interesb was centred in this contest. The Norths had tho best of the wicket in the first match, and got a long lead which tho Souths . could nob approach. Since then the blue- and-whites have shown much improved form, and they were the favourites on Saturday, especially when it was known that Reedman had won the toss and that the North Adelaides were without Claxton, one of their best bowlers, who is just getting out of the clutches of the grippe. The Souths mado a bad start, as with 5 up iDyer, one of their most dangerous batsmen, was runout. The dashing Alma player called for the run and then did nob make enough pace, perhaps underestimating Phillips, the bowler, who smartly put the wicket down just in time. Ballans joined Martin. The blue ribbon man proved that ho really has returned to his old form this year, and made things lively. At first, by some good Ion-hits off Phillips, he got away from Martin, bub the latter, who bad been only feeling his way, Boon caughb and passed his companion. Ten after ten wont up, fourers being very numerous. Moore did not steady the pace, bub Hoath seemed to puzzle bothr batemen, and at lasb gob ' ay' to an appeal for I. b. w. against Ballans. The outgoing bats man played a grand innings. The second wicket had put on 84 runs. Reedman was the next man, but he did not flatter his admirers, who anticipated a good innings after the captain's fine play agaiust tho Hindmarsh. Ho only made 9. Martin, however, was scoring rapidly, and the third wicket fell at 113. Parkin displayed much more caution than usual, and was content to run for Martin, who made runs apace. A cut for 2 brought the Middlesex man his 100, but two balls later, in stepping back to pull a ball, he planted his foot at the bottom of the leg stump, and, disarranging his wicket, had to retire. His success was deservedly popular. Years ago he should have forsaken junior ranks for senior cricket, and now that he lias done so his consistent scoring should be an example to other juniors. Martin made most of his runs by splendidly timed leg play. The majority of his 15 fours wero for leg taps and hits, though some came from hard cuts and hits to the on. He did not give a chance. While Martin made 100 only Go were got at the other end. Parkin having cried enough at 197 Brunton and Smith took the score to 227. The former played the best cricket he has shown on the Oval yet, and proved himself amuch better batsman than most hahituts of the Oval considered him to be. He played the straight balls carefully, though hard, and hit with great power anything off the wicket. Smith's 19 were made quiokly, while Bennett batted nicely for the same number. The total is now 278 for only 6 wickets. The Norths' bowling was not deadly. Amos was the mosb suosessful bowler, his 2 wickets costing 50 runs. The fielding was first rate, all the men, urged on by the energetic Phillips, sticking to their work well. Score : — SOUTH ADELAIDE. H. Dyer, run oub ? 4 O. Martin, hit wicket, b. Belt ? 100 D. Ballans, Lb.w., b. Hoath ? 3S J. Reedman, b. Moore ? 9 G. Parkin, c. Read, b. Amos ... ... 19 J. Bcunton, not out ... ? 58 W. Smith, b. Amos ... ? 19 T. Bennett, not out ? 19 Byes 9, leg-bye 1, no- balls 2 ? 12 Total (for 6 wickets) ..: ... ...278 Pewrenter— ' I want to tell you, Dr. Horn blower, how much I liked your sermon on brotherly love yesterday morning.- It was powerful and quite to the point. Dr. Horn blower— I am very glad if you enjoyed it. Pewrenter— Enjoyed it ! Well, I should say I did ! There are a lot of people in that Church that I hate like poison, and you made them thoroughly uncomfortable. 