NEWS ON NOTES- Pooplo would hardly realiio that it waa wintor-tirac until ycBtorday aflernoon, Tho axporiunco sinco has suruly boon convincing. I tain, haii, and liurricano ; British likothurtdcrfltorma ; and a piorcing cold. Ab near an npproaohton blizzard os ouy AuKtraliau caro# to buo. MoU bourno did not get tho worst of tho weattior. Baiiarat suOurcd much moro eovoroly ; and, uiiJinppily, two lives wore lout by the fall of n chimney stack. " Suowfalln and llooda" hoighton tho ro- ports from tho Guidon Oily. Indeed, tho metropolis appears to havo oscnpod with a much lighter penalty, than 'was exacted from scoros of provincial townships. What oflho homoioas this terrible wcnthorl Lot us hope that no ono wns so unfortu- nato last nieht as not to obtain at least temporary shelter. It is at suoh a soason that citizens learn host how to approoiata personal comforts— tho ruddy firo, the goiiorously eprond tabic, tlicsnugnvisnnd . happiness ol sweet, sweet hdmo. It is at suoh a season that kind hearty iwell Xo near tho bursting point nt tho thought of tho miaory around thorn— tho thought of firclc83 grates, empty cupboards, shivering children, " Swoet aro tho uses of adversity 1" I tig at such a season that oven tho ordinarily indifferent may icarn to bo kind. Tho decision arrived at by tho Ilnrbor Trust yesterday is worthy of that ablo, enterprising, and energetio corporation. No public body has so splendidly justified its cxistcnco o.i thc Tlarbor Trust. People havo long looked upon it simply as a particularly woil-managod Government department. It has boon a very largo wago-payer, and its regular employes have been encouraged to think that they were quito as safo and as well off as if thoy were in tho Government sorvicc. Tho recent decision to discharge throo hundred men wns not, we nro quito sure, arrived at without consideration. But in a moment of forgotfulncss tbo Trust appears to havo overlooked tho peculiar effect that the iinmodiato carrying out of that decision will havo at tho proscnb bad timo.. And, to its credit be it said, it stood on no faho dignity when representations woro made to it by a recent deputation, or when tho Premier of tho colony joinod in tho request that it should stay its hand. Tho dnto of tho dis missals has been deferred to tho 1st of October, and tho Ihrcntcnod im mediate accession to tho nlrcndy crowded ranksofthc unemployed will not takoplncc. Tho Trust hnn elected to tako a brand view of Its public duties. It has plenty of financial ability, and that may bo confi dently relied upon to settle thu question of ways and moans. Mr Sliiols claims that tho Govornment is entitled to Iho co-oporation of tho Municipal Councils initsendeavors to find, work for the unemployed. Jt may bo that tho Councils aro doing a great (leal, quietly and unostentatiously, as is their wont. Wo cannot venturo to blame thom for inaction becnuBO they do not parade their proccodmgn. Yot wo entertain a suspicion that the capacity of the Councils for woll doing is not just new being taxed to tho very uttermost. Unquestionably it ought to bo. Laaaitudc or imlifforenco at this critical poriod is unworthy of any reprosim- tatiVo body able to afford native assistance, Councils ehould not forget that thoy aro representative bodies. Nor should inctnbora imagine that thc solo function of a roprcsontntlvo Is to keep a jealous oye an tho funds. Thoir constituent! arc some thing besides mere ratepayers. Thoy arc moil and womon, possessed of hearts big witli sympathy for their distressed fellow creatures. Councillors who would re present theso mon and women faithfully will do what their principals would do, and stretch a good many points in order to lend n hulplng hand. Admittedly, tho wintar in a bad timo for tho execution of municipal works gener ally, especially thoso done by tho Shiro Councils. Tho City and Borough Coun cils aro better able to "make" work for tho winter, but oven tho Shire governors may (<niake" soino if thoy put their crootlvo powers earnestly into operation' That there is wide and severe distress will probably bo admitted now by the Inst sceptic in their ranks. Tho olemenLs wanting nro— 1\. A recognition . of plain duty. 2. A willingness to do it. "But you say nothing about funda," exclaims some practical Councillor ; u wo do not includo minting money amongst our public works 1 spocial improvement rates tho people will not, in many instances cannot, pay 5 and, moreover, wo aro obliged to show a clear balanco-sheet ut tho end of Septombor." Wenrohynomoansdisinnyod. 'i'liero is a business practico caliod financ ing. All well-managed Councils know something about it. Now is tho time to apply thoir financial knowledge and ability. As for tho balance at thasend of the municipal year— woll, ovory session for a long while pnst has soon thc passage of an Overdrafts Indemnity Bill. To pass n similar mousuro this year Parliament will hardly object if tho reason for it actually is that tho Councils co-operated with tho Govornment in finding work for tho unemployed. Tho disinclination uf tho shareholders In tho Heal Estate Bank to allow them selves to bo jumped upon by tho liquida tors is both cumprehonsibla and oxsusablo. "Don't you know'" asked tho wuitor to whom a customer complained that tho bread was dirty, " that every inanimate eat a peck of dire in Ids timo 1" "That'll all right," was tho response, "but I don't want miuo all at once." Thoso un fortunate enough to hold Ileal Estate shares are quito willing lo accopt Iheir full responsibility in a proper spirit of fortitudo. Butthoy object to bo"crowdod," as our worthy cousins would oxprcssively put it. Tho mooting of shareholders yestorday very naturally protested against the call of L2 fis a share, made pnyablo on thc 4th of noxt month. Outsiders are consider ing, haviqp roenrd to the character of tho times, how tho liquidators summohod audacity enough to unable them lo make that cull. True, those very rash gentle men modified tho original demand, but clapped eight por cent interest on to tho amount of the call deferred after tho date upon which it is declared duo. Tho Vigilu'noo Comimttoo appointed by tho shareholders is exceptionally strong in business capacity, and tho liquidators can hardly vonturo to flout its representations. Thu request made is an eminently fair ono— that the unpaid cupi- tnl should bo cnllmt up in quarterly in- stahuonts extending ever Ave years, nml without any fresh imposition by way of interest. Obviously, in nmnttorof this kind, n little ewoet roasonablonoss on the pnrt of tho liquidators is nothing more than tho recognition of good busi'noBs principles. " Men," declared an anolont philoso pher," should bo taught and persuaded by reason, not by blows, invectives and corporeal punishments." Recognising how true thU is, albeit that expodioncy sometimes requires it to bo materially qualified in its application, wo should bo loth as a gvnoral rule to counsel violent methods. But who can porsuido by reason tho Elstcrnwick ghost? Reason can only operato with effect when it finds correlation. Besides, tho philosopher wo havo quotod speaks of 41 men ho leaves us a perfectly free hand with regard to uliohts. "Whether tho Elstcrnwick shade be "a spirit of health," or "goblin damnod " does not much matter. Wo cannot help entertaining tho notion that it would bo tho butter for a wholesome kicking. And wo have faith enough in its substantiality to think that kicking would bo tho most effective means of affording re&t; lo thU perturbud spirit. It is at best n sntniblo, cowardly ghost, which appears only to unprotected females, nnd Hits the ap proach of man. If, pcrchar.co, it cannot be caught nnd kicked, by nil means let it bo shot. Being admittedly dead, with not the least show of reason, could it com plain if nomo irato rclntivo of a frightened woman puts a bullet through it ? The world is foztho living ; tho dead havo no right or title in it. If tho Elstcrnwick visitor does not speedily get hack to tho 41 fiery flames" or thrilling regions of thick-ribhod ice" whonco it came, Dr Youl may soon add lo his vast unci varied exnoricnco that of holding on in quest upon n ghost. 