Reminiscences cf the Past. [BY AN OLD BOY], Introductory. " A MEKUY Camsi<iis.sio all" •willbe the prei-ting utt> ra! by uiilli'ine of the Eit^lihb np^aking r«c« within tho next ten days in vaiiuus pttria of the world. In anticipation, I bid jour readers the compliments nf th« Reason. We welcome Christinas with i'B timehonored customs H» a seaflni looked forward to with pleasure l'y <be peoplo of all Christian lands. It in tho season when, as a rule, ni*n grow mure human; the hardest boarta seem to become softer and we not only think more of our childhood's daja than a' any other season, but a str.mge desire uuems to take possession of us, a longing to meet in family re-uoion. The reason why I cannot tell : but the feelinij exists. In the depths of the A ustraliun bush, working on a free aelfrcti n, on the plains, watching flocks or herds, on the mountain searching for gold, the same feeling etpala upon us. We tee as in a vision those near and dear to us, our parents, our brothers, sisters, sweethearts, or, perchance, our children. Be this as it may, our hearts appear to yearn for home and the communion of those who love us. Thus family teunions are more common than at any other time. At such & meeting I once chanced to be present at this festive season. There was a large party embracing thrie generations of tbe family and a number of old friends assembled at one of our pretty suburban residences. It was on a pleasant moonlight evening, when the cool breeze tempered the summer heat. The \iarty had ailjourntd from indoors to a broad verandah overlooking the river. The conversation turned from general to special subje .t" : to the old country and its Christum» sports, to our own colony and its progress, to the many blessings ne in this new country possess. " But/' exclaimed a younger member of tbe family, "it is so dull ; we live in mill ft Heepy Hollow. Is it not so, grandpa ?" The old gentleman appealed to looked into his granddaughter's young face, and replied, '• 1 never found it dull in the old times. You know I am a Parramnttn I oy, and as there are several old hands here, I think we might pa 1 .» a pleasant, and perhapB an amusing or interesting evening, if each wereto tell something of what hollar seen in the part. We lmvo all resd Dickens' Christina B tales of the'old country, and why should we Australian» not tell tales of our young land ? We have no ghosts to talk about, unless it be Fisher's ghost, but we have tales, stories of strugnlcs with nature, and it may be with tuan, of strivings tuovercume difficulties and to lay the foundation of a great nation. As the proposer of this resolution, I sill commence, and hope to show you young f"lks thht Parrfc matta is not a Sleepy Hollow." 