A Russian officer of high degree murdered. Death and the Nihilists lore a shining znarlr. The King of Dahomey going to declare war against France. Oh, my; what a time we shall hare! The Queen thinks Camngton is a man to he studied ; going to be god-mother to his baby. Wife (excitedly): " If you go on like this I shall certainly lose my temper." Husband : " No danger, my dear. A thing of that size is not easily lost." Ambulance corps to he established in con nection with the railways. No special danger apprehended. Some Maytown people are not greedy ; all they want is a lot. Fson the prospecting vote of £2,000 they ask for £1,000. Thult a cool request from a warm place. The Pope is reported to be alarmed as to his personal safety if war should break out, and wishes the Emperor of Austria and the German Emperor to make things sure for him. No fear, old man; keep your pecker up. Shooting the bullocks of non-union carriers is dreary work. How can anyone make himself scoundrel enough to do it ? A good idea in favour of land-grant railways is that they would supply water to thirsty swagsmen. Bebbt, Treasurer of Victoria, is not good enough fruit for .London financiers. But he is an elder Berry, and ought to be good enough for anybody. In New South Wales " they" are getting on the land. Right you are, that is the way. Go it. South Australian revenue increases. That is unfortunate, for they will waste all the more. Gall and wormwood to Brisbane broilers to bear that on Monday at Kiandra, New South Wales, the weather "was extremely cold," and that on Tuesday morning " a little snow feH." Travellers overland tell of fires and over coats at Wallangarra and Stanthorpe. Harris, a paymaster, has been paying him self first, and too much. But what is the difference between his conduct and that of some other persons who are dispensing their largesses ? A Sydney judge on Thursday .week threatened to send a case to arbitration to save time. The visible supply of American wheat is estimated at 99,600,000 bushels. This amounts to a bushel and a-half per head for the population. They, the fellows who hope to make money out of it, propose a world's fair in London in 189.5. Vice-admiral Fairfax to be put on the gridiron for the grounding of the Howe. But would it not be as well first to make sure that any of these great warships are made to float? It is reported that general regret is felt that the Hon. Andrew Clark has not been elected to the Federal Council to represent Tasmania. Anyone who pleases may believo this. The December number of the Masonic maga zine, "The Keystone," contains an excellent portrait of his Worship the Mayor of Brisbane (Bro. George Watson, jon.) Wttt-v the late Mr. Jordan was immigration agent many years ago he sent ont a lot of per sons who were known as " Jordan's lambs." Will the new special agent's immigrants be called " Black sheep Geobge Watson has won a silver cradle during his occupancy of the Brisbane North mayoral chair. It is several years since such a memento was handed over to a city alderman. Had George been in the chair last year he would have been the recipient of such a gilt. People out South Brisbane way still aifirrn that they can smell something. And that they must put down noses or smells. Oub land-grant agent should take with him specimens of soil. What a showcase he could set up. "Tins, gentlemen," he would say, "i piece of our best Thargomindah : taste it." " JIkee is a specimen of our moderate Wintou ; and here is a sample of 01oncu^ry.,, Pbofebsob Owen, of anatomy fame, h "dead. His great woollen birds in the British Museum are his monument. Axeiuca going to lock her gates against immigration for a year. Otukk countries will not follow suit. The Yank when ho goes abroad goes to spend money. Hark* ye, an investment company has declared a dividend. Good money too. Just like snow in harvest. The output of gold in the Transvaal is four l and a-half millions annually. The iron trade in Franco is doing, well, if we may judge by dividends paid. But may we t Blowitz says that if the rogues had not fallen out Panama scandals would never have become known Same old story. Renewed activity is being- displayed by the anarchist® in Cadiz, Spain. Eight djiiamite bombs have bean discovered. Sort of Christinas boxes. The committee appointed by the Monetary Conference iutonned the conference that it would-be'inoxpcdient to submit a scheme em bodying the proposals discussed. IIeeeuton* the American and several other delegates angrily attacked the British delegates for their opposition, which shows whoso foot the silver slipper pinches. Paoii tho evidence brought forward connection with the North Meath election petition, it appeared that Bishop Nulty's pastoral claimed to be divinely inspired. It declared that it was impossible for the late Mr. Pam'ell to have been a Roman Catholic. If Father Nulfcy is going to raise ghosts and bring them into political life he will be accused of decoying persons from their situations. Snt loirs' Bowneb is down on Sir George Bibbs like a thousand of bricks. [ He says, "Wo have no work to do." South Australia is full. Only imagine, the public sick of Treasury bills. Well, thoy have hud a good dose.; no deuying that. In America they have been using party voting tickets. Tirr.sB tickets are issued by leaders of parties to voters, who just vote for the lot at once. This is called voting straight; and the Supreme Court has just decided that it is illegal. Every name must be separately voted for. "What is the game of tho Free Labour Society of London in issuing that powerful manifesto in which it declares that tho unemployed are solely the result of the leaders of tho now unionism having recklessly ordered strikes ? The strike is a natural weapon eveu though it chiefly hits the striker. All America will bo moved by that meeting in Melbourne if they ever hear of it. The folk engaged in " missing word " com petitions are being-hunted up. It seems from tho following tnat in Ameri they have a way of discharging wonderfully troth-speaking persons to a special class. Fob one day a fisherman said, "No, I didn't catch anything all day, didn't even get a bite. I " "But at that moment a chariot of fire descended from out of the heavens, and he was borne away to dwell for ever with George Washington." Poob George's company must still be small though select; always supposing that he could not tell a lie. Thackeray had a broken nose ; so, one day when he was going to stand godfather to one of Jeirold's babies his friend said to him, " Lord, Thackeray, I hopo you won't present the child with your own mug I" An* English health officer recently received the following note from one of the residents of his district: " Bear sir, I beg to tell yon that my child, aged eight months, is suffering of measles as required by Act of Parliament." And you need not laugh, for Acts of Parlia ment nowadays do require funny things to .be done. Another old established business man brought down by adversity. As a rule creditors have Very little to say, in favour of debtors. Hiram Wakefield's creditors were, how ever, the exception to the rule. At Tuesday's meeting they were inclined to do all in their power to make his lot as cheerful as possible. Following the good old custom, the inmates of tho Brisbane Hospital arc not going to be forgotten at Christmas. The public are asked to provide good cheer for those who are unfortunate enough to bo compelled to spend their Christmas in the in stitution. * It goes without saying that tho appeals of the House Committee will moot with a liberal lx the absence ot the Soucitor-Ueneral nothing can bo done with reference to the Glover inquiry until well on in January. It is very hard to keep those concerned in suspense all through the Christmas holidays. In commenting upon the deficit announced byMr.«3ee, the London Economist states that it confirms the experience of Victoria in allow ing that protection will neither prevent nor ameliorate trade or financial depression. A STATEStENT which allows the absolute ignorance of the Economist as to the facts of this case. It is repored that Sir Roland Vaughan Williams, a judge of the Queen's Bench Division, has refused to make an order for the compulsory winding up of the New Oriental Banting Corporation, on tho ground of the ex pense and delay that would be occasioned there by. But by what right does a judgo intorfero to stop expense? Lawyers like it, if clients do not, anu you cannot please everybody. At the session of tho Federal Council, to be opened at Hobart on January 2G, Victoria, Queensland, Tasmania, and Western Australia will be represented. Loan Jkhsey told tho boys at Nowiugton College tho other day that when ho was at school his prizes for learning were few and far between. In the athletic field, howover, ho held his own, and the record book of his school hud on one of its pages the note, " Jersey won tho inile." Thk first supply of water, amounting to about GO,000 gallons daily, has been struck in No. 2 bore, Charlotte Plains, at a depth of 1,540 feet. The Rev. F. G. Buckingham, a Baptist minister at Townsvillo, is holding early mornnig Sunday services during the Rummer. It lias transpired that the Rev. W. J. Mayers collected £4,700 in Australia for tho benefit of Dr. Banmrdo's homed in England for fnondloM children. It is believed that the meeting held in Mel bourne on Monday night to celobrato Mr. Cleveland's triumph is the first frcetrado meet ing held there for 27 years. What u dull timo they xnuet have had of it I 