OUR NEW YORK LETTER [FROM OUR OWN OORKESPOyraEKT.] i Almost 850 years have passed since Strongbow of the Iron Hand bore down to the earth the wretched natives between Bantry Bay and the Hill of Howth, From that day to this the descendants of these natives have been clamouring for Home Rule, and that they have not obtained it is not the fault of Englishmen but Irishmen every time. It was Irishmen that boat Irishmen at the Boyne and Vinegar Hill. It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen in '98. It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen again in '18 It was Irishmen who lately beat out Irishmen's brains in the city of Cork, and Irish- men right here in the city of New York, where they are guaranteed every liberty and every right where they have Home Rule to their heart's con- tent-are ready to kill other Irishmen who do not think exactly as they do. To-day it is not the question of Papist or Orangemen, but McCarthy and Parnell. Parnell is dead and buried, but what of that His ghost stalks abroad more potential to-day than when he led his followers with blackthorns in Wicklow, or thundered against the Sassenach in the British House of Commons. A meeting of Home Rulers was called here on Monday night, and to understand the character of the call it is only necessary to say that the call received the unqualified endorsement of those eminent Irish patriots Eugene Kelly and Thomas Addis Emmett. In all this land there is not an Irishman whose heart has beat with a holier or purer patriotic fire than Eugene Kelly's. In season and out of season, in summer's heat and winter's cold, he has laboured for the benefit of his native land, and aside from his personal work he has given more in hard cash to the Irish cause than any other Irishmen in the United States. Archbishop Corrigan honoured the meeting by his attendance, and there were a number of other influential Irishmen whose names have been fore- A most in every good work for Ireland for the past thirty years. The high character of the men who called the meeting would have commanded the respect of a tribe of savages ; but as soon as the meeeting was commenced a party of dynamiters expressed their intention to rule themeeting,and declared it for physical force and dynamite bombs or break it up. Doctor McGlynn occupied a prominent seat on the floor, directly in front of the platform, and it was the first time that Archbishop Corrigan and himself had met for some years. It was evident from the start that there were rival factions in the hall, who were only kept from seizing each other by the throat by the clubs of the police. Captain Williams, know- ing the crowd with which he had to deal, brought down a platoon of picked men armed with long night sticks, ready for the fray which soon occurred. The appearance of Archbishop Corrigan was the signal for three cheers from the well-disposed and respectable portion of the audience ; this was answered by a storm of hisses and loud shouts for cheers for Father McGlynn and Parnell. Captain Williams and his blue coats took in the' situation at a glance, and dashing into the turbulent crowd seized the disturbers by the back of the neck, and sent them spinning into the street. For a few moments there was comparative quiet is when the name of Gladstone was mentioned the riot broke out afresh, hisses, cat-calls, and other disgraceful demonstrations turned the hall into pandemonium, and made the decent men who had called the meeting sick at heart. At last by sheer force, clubs being trumps, Captain Williams knocked the fight out of the dyna- miners, and a collection was taken up to aid the cause of Irish. Home Rule the total amount of which was something over 8,000 dol., Eugene Kelly sending his cheque for a thousand ; the dynamiters not subscribing a single cent. It is shocking in view of the suffering in their native land, and of the nations that have been expended to secure her the blessings of Home Rule, that a parcel of ignorant, _ brutal ruffians cannot restrain their evil passions long enough to allow others, who will work, to subscribe the means with which to effect her salvation. God help Ireland, if Home Rule is ever accorded her, and is controlled by the ruffians who tried to break up the Cooper Institute meeting ! It is well enough to teach these fellows that the tactics that answered their practices in Dublin, Belfast and Cork, will not answer in New York, where any party that wishes to call a meeting to aid Ireland, or any other oppressed people, may do it, and do it in peace even if we have to hammer commonsense into the thick skulls of the ruffians who would break up their meeting, with the clubs of the police. God save Ireland ! It has been a lively and an interesting week with our Methodist brethren, -the New York conference meeting in this city, and the East New York conference meeting in the city of Brooklyn. A Methodist conference is always interesting from the fact that it is made up of bright clear headed, sharp, aggressive men, who know just exactly what to say, and are not afraid to say it. But they are human after all, as was clearly illustrated by the proceedings of the New York conference on Thursday. Some one nobody knewjustexactly who-hasbeen writing a series of anonymous letters, reflecting on a number of the members of the conference, which if substantiated would disqualify them from sitting in that body. When the subject was broached there was a roar of dis- approbation, and in an instant 50 ministers were on their feet, all wildly gesticulating, and trying to be heard. Bishop Foss had presided over clarnor ouscrowdsbefore.andthey might as well have tried to rattle the locket Gibraltar. He soon restored quiet, and on inquiry as to the cause of the row, it was discovered that one-half of the members were attacked in the letters, and the other half was suspected of writing them. The grievance appeared to be, that several ministers had formed themselves into a close corporation, to keep all the good places in the church for themselves, while their younger brothers, who had no pull, were com . pelled to feed upon husks ; or, at least, this was the allegation, and one thing seemed to be settled by common consent at the start, and that was that the offender, whoever he was, was a member of the conference. Of course, every minister present denied that he was the man, and while every fellow felt sure of his own innocence, he wasn't quite so sure of the innocence of the other fellows. _ At last suspicion settled down to a single member, Dr. King. He declared himself innocent, and triumphantly vindicated himself amid thunders of applause. One of the disturbing elements to agitate the conference, which like the ghost of Banquo will not go down, was the subject of increased lay representation, and of granting laymen increased power in that body. The older ministers are bitterly opposed to granting more power to laymen than they have at present, and the same class has stood like a wall, of steel against having women participate in their counsels. The moment you speak to any of these old ministers about admitting women to the Conference, up bobs St. Paul commanding women to be silent in the churches. On Friday Dr. Chauncey Schaffer, a most excellent divine, and one of the oldest ministers in the Methodist Church, made one of his characteristic speeches about laymen and women. It was substantially the same speech that he delivered in the Conference of 1845, and which he has been delivering at every Conference ever since. The intel > ligence, education, and energy of the church is in favour of woman's co-operation and of a larger lay representa- tion. A lay delegate put it in such a way as to carry conviction of the injustice which laymen suffered when he said It seems to me a palpable injustice that the vote of one man should offset the vote of 120 men ; every one of whom is as vitally interested in the welfare and success of the church as he is, and to whom the church must look for its support. Grand reports of successful work came in from every quarter, the ii." - or among the freed men and v Ct, in of the South being especially gi .'-u'^iiig. This is to be one of the grand Harvest fields of the Methodist Church ; they feel that the sheaves are ripe and ready for the sickle. Every new Conference shows an improvement over the one that preceded it. In both conferences they were a splendid body of Christian workers, of which any church might well feel proud ; no doubt of its prosperity and success when guided by such able pilots. The report of the Grand Jury this week made the cars of our police and police officials tingle, and caused a pro founder sensation in the office of the District Attorney than their late arraignment by Dr. Parkhurst. In fact the report stated that they found I the statements made by Dr. Parkhurst" true. They found that the police took bribes from saloons, gambling hells and houses of prostitution to secure their immunity in their nefarious pursuits, and it named the clerk of the Police Court as the person who sent out notices to the gamblers when their dens were to be raided. Ten thousand complaints of violation of the excise law are pigeon-holed in the office of the District Attorney, and notorious violators of the law walk the streets in whipped of justice Brutal prize fights take place every night in the week under the protection of the police, and only last Saturday night at the Grand Army Hall in Brooklyn, two brutal roughs battered . each other to pieces in the presence of 1,500 spectators, while 50 police and their captain looked on, as the brutes fore and gouged each other like savage dogs. Dr. Parkhurst's great sermon already begins to bear fruit. On Saturday night every saloon in the city closed its doors at 12 ; the lights were all put out and for the first time in the memory of living men it was a difficult thing to get a glass of whiskey or beer on Sunday morning. A notice has been sent by the Liquor Dealers' Association that no more money must be paid to the police and as a gratifying improvement in our observance of the Sabbath, I see that no sacred concerts will be allowed in the future, with less than two ounce gloves, and in every instance the Marquis of Queensberry's rules must be strictly observed. Slugging will not be permitted unless for a knockout. Handspikes and jigs are forbidden unless accompanied by sacred music, such as McGinty's at the bottom of the say," " Little Annie Rooney," or " Mulligan's Wake." With this gratifying evidence of progress, it is evident that we are getting on, and I now begin to think wid Brother Jasper, " Dat de sun do move." March that came in like a lion went out like the meekest of lambs, and it really seems as if spring had come at last. The streets are thronged with people, the stores are full, and business of all kinds good. Several formidable strikes have made things lively with the builders, but we have got so used to the Walking Delegate now, we would not know what to do without him. I 