The Musical World. Nikita, the celebrated prima donna, distributes at her Russian concerts a biography of herself in. which the adventures in which she has been a prime factor are graphically described. JOf these adventures the following description of a"journey in Russia, comprising an account of an 'attack by wolves, is intei eating. The journey took place in; the depth of winter., ,,!, Nikita arrived at OrBha, December 2, 1890. Orsha is the last railroad station between Smolenék and Mohileff. Communication with Mohileff, by rail, has not yet been established. Tiavellers desiring to visit this rich, though isolated city, must, in summer, make the long journey in quaint little waggons. In winter sleighs must be called into requisition. Mohileff is not a military post. For that reason the Czar consideis it unnecessary to construct a railroad from the main line (Orsha) to its en- trance. . ?/ The journey in summer to, this " city on the hills," is associated with all that the word delight conveys. In winter, however, the idea of experiencing pleasure in such a trip is dispelled before the awful severity of the weather,*and the difficulty the horses undergo in pulling a sleigh over 80 versts of deep snow. When Nikita and her party arrived at Orsha,' they repaii ed at once to the buffet, and the artist, who speaks Russian fluently, ordered each person to be served with a bowl of steaming borah (soup). ' For some minutes the only sounds audible were the smacking of'hungry lips and the merry'jingle of spoons! Every one seemed to forget* the intense coldness of the atmosphere outside, but the recollection of a hard winter's day in Russia came suddenly back to each individual when the stationmaster opened the door and let a puff of freezing air into the room ! Before describing Nikita's perilous journey to Mohileff the reader must be informed how the caravan was made up. First in line was a troika (sleigh drawn by three horses) containing the driver and two gendarmes. Next, a closed troika, in which were seated Mdlle. Nikita, her mother, and Olga (Nikita's maid). The third troika contained M. Le Roy (Nikita's musical director) and Monsieur Kvasnikoff (Nikita's secretary). In the fourth troika Monsieur Henri Klein and the pianist found places. The fifth troika held two more gendarmes, completing the number sent to accompany the troupe as a protection against robbers. < i Although the military escorts were " armed to the teeth" with ugly-looking pistols, carbines, and knives, Mdlle. Nikita and the members of her company were also provided with defenders in the form of " six-shooter " British constabulary revolvers. The baggage of the party was packed in the troikas of the gendarmes. Thus equipped and attended, Nikita started from Orsha at 1 o'clock p.m:, December 2, 1890, to travel over a barren waste of snow and ice 80 versts in length, in order to make herself heard in the city of Mohileff ! The thermometer on this memorable afternoon registered 34deg below freezing point ! ' , The troikas-with the exception of Nikita's were open, and the persons occupying them, though wrapped from head to foot , in big furs, were compelled, in addition to these safeguards, to cover themselves with a plentiful amount of straw. The only entire persons visible were the drivers and gendarmes, whose shaggy eyebrows and whiskers soon assumed a marble hue under the influence of the freezing atmosphere. Only the eyeB under the caps of the protruding heads of the others could now and then be leen when they ventured to peep out from their straw beds ! . - The only habitations existing between O'aha and Mohileff are four post stations situated 20 versts apart. At each, horses and drivers are changed. The first 20 versts of snow hills and dales over which Nikita and her company had been dragged brought the party to the first station. A simultaneous upheaving of straw from two of the troïkas disclosed the occupants, who, after assisting the ladies to reach the bare room, succeeded in awakening the postmaster. The unanimous voice of the troupe was for something to eat. The stupid postmaster, after considering the question for over ten minutes, finally replied in monosyllables that he had no- thing eatable to offer. Olga was appealed to, and she succeeded in bribing the sly old gentleman to bring out his samovar (tea-making machine). This was followed by the clever* maid making a good supply of delicious chi (tea), which waa eagerly, BwalJowed bj.tbejfamjshed travellers. After an nour had thus been consumed, the Nikita Concert Caravan was' announced te bein readines8lto'march'(Í) again. The head driver, after informing i Nikita that her pet cat (Venus Blanche) liad boen put into the basket, cracked his whip, and, w^th botter hors.es and lazier dri- vers (isvourisries), the troikas began the second run of £8 versts. About 10 versts had been glided over when the air suddenly resounded with the bowlings of a pack of hungry wolves. They met and attacked the horses attached to the first troïka, thus causing a j«rky halt to the others. In a twinkling the whole troop were "up an arms." For several moments " confusion was worse confounded " ,by the indiscriminate and i apid firing of pistols, intermingled with the screamings of the ladies, the frantic shoutings of the drivers and gendarmes, the neighings and snortings of the terrified horses, and awful yells and bat kings of the savage beasts. ., When the battle was over, and the enemy had fled, an examination ot the field proved that some of the random shots had hit the foe, and that two of the snarling animals had snapped their Bbarp teeth at the post horses for thu last »time. Their ears were cut off and presented to, Nikita by the gendarmes, who begged the " Amerikanaki Solovey " to " keep them for good luck." The isvourishes took charge of the bodies, and the journey was recontinued without further inter- ruption-until the second station was reached. Here Nikita and her company alighted, and the gendarmes and drivers tore off the skins of the dead beasts. * * # , # The last mile stone on the outskirts of the city was passed, and the glimmer of the lights in the streets and houses was discernible when the gen- darmes in the first troika began a series of shriek ings that caused every one to conclude that a new and awful calamity had occurred. Thft sensation waB doubly increased when the whole line'came to a' halt, surrounded by a'crowd of beings muffled in furs of all descriptions. The gendarmes -believed them to be a band of .high- waymen, and when they were asked it Mademoi- selle Nikita was in the closed troïka they ima,, ined air sorts of horrible depredations and shsuted with all . their > might for "Help !" " Murder !" " Assassins 1" &c.; , , The truth was soon revealed by one of the mys- terious gentlemen, who explained that 100 citi- zens, comprising the Musical Society of Mohileff, had resolved to meet and welcome the prima donna. And so Nikita arrived at Mohileff, where her brilliant reception more than made amends for the perils of that eventful ride through the snow. Some years ago a writer in the American ORPHEONIST said that professional pianists play mostly to catch applause ; but the kind of applause differs g eatly. There are pianists who make a specialty of classical music, and no'matter how many of the poor ' listeners may be snoring before the conclusion of the ex- hibition, the obstinate player is .bound to finish his task in every one of its movements -repeats, included, so that, whether encored or not, his pupils can say, "Ah ! what a great man ! There's independence for you !" ' A " tedious, monotonous machine " would be a better name for him, or a "pedantic, pig-headed bore"-(boars ought to be " pig-headed,1" you know !). ' Other pianists go to the other extreme,'and publicly.deal in nothing but the whipped-cream and froth and syllabub of music. They generally play their own arrangements of popular melodies, preceded by pretentious introductions of "un- meaning sentences in high-sounding " musical " words," which (as the old penmanship has it) to musicians " sound ridiculous." Such fellows are terrifically self-possessed, and are as sturdy as the rock of Gibraltar. They will bring out a suc- cession of platitudes which were old in the time of Pleyel and Dussek with an air of importance and .a depth, of. Bonority worthy of the opening of Beethoven's " Eroica " Symphony. Then follow their cadenzas, by way of turning the ghost of "form," which they pretend to, as nearly upside down as possible. " Tittle-tee, tittle-tee up, and and teetitil teetitil down again. Tittle tee half up, and teetitil half down." Then, by way of displaying a tour de force fit to make the groundlings fairly gasp with wonder, we have, all of a sudden, and as a startling contrast to the other-"Tittie, tittletee, tittletee (cre- scendo), tittletee, tittleTEE (fortissimo)," clear up to the north pole of the key-board, and " teetitil, teetitil, teetitil, ' teetitil, teetiTIL (sforzando)," down again to the other antipodes of thundering, thwacked bass notes-thump, bang, crash, hammer-and then up go the hands, lifted (not from the wrist, sweet reader, nor yet from the elbow, but) from the shoulder-joint, as if to bay, "there ! if you can find a trip-hammer at machine works quite equal to me, just trot it out." Sueh a trip-hammer would prabably display quite as much brains, and music too, but this our, pianist does not suggest even in pantomime. (3.) Other pianists sit on a high stool,'as if they were on the top of a flagstaff ; their bodies away, "to and fro like a drunken, mau." (Of course in a few instances this last ÍB' truer to nature, but it does not add to the gracefulness of the spectacle, whatever it may add to the music !) When these gentlemen allow their coat-tail* to dangle over the edge of the piano-stool, the effect I is heightened ; but if there should now be added I a kitten to play with the danglers, we believe the tout ensemble would then be perfect. .True it is that few pianists seem to dream of the fact that if they are interpreting a' work of the mighty masters not now living, they ought to do it with veneration and respect. If it is a con temporary work, .then with affection and care. If it is their own composition, then with diffidence, but sincerity. If it is " swash," and if the player has two coat-tailB and a piano stool to do it with, then it ought not to be done at all ! We commend these caustic remarks of our trans-Pacific contemporary to some of our Sydney pianists, who for the present shall be nameless. At the present time, whilst the air is ringing with detailed and graphic accounts of murders and the press is burdened with praise of detective cunning and skill, the following story will be read with interest. It relates to events which occurred some 23 or 24 years ago. It will be found in Dexter Smith's MUSICAL RBCOKD. The account states that : " For nearly two years past a young i man wearing the garb of a Highland piper has been > wandering about in the coal regions of Pennsylvania, playing his pipes in the streets, attending picnics and dances, and appar- ently depending on his instrument to make a living. A few days since he was playing in a mining village on the out- skirts of Scranton, Pa. A crowd had gathered around him, among them a mine laborer named Braidy. Suddenly the piper ceased the music, and stepping from the crowd seized Braidy by the shoulder and announced that the latter was his prisoner. At the same time he produced papers which he said were his authority for making the arrest. Braidy seemed entirely over- whelmed by the arrest, and made no opposition to the authorities when it was revealed that the piper was a detective. For two years he had been on the traok of his prisoner, who is charged | with having mui dered a wealthy man named Findlay in Scotland, in January, 1877. Braidy was in the employ of Findlay. Early one morn- ing the latter was found dead by the roadside, his skull crushed by a club. Braidy had been discharged the morning before for drunkenness. He had been heard to make a threat that he would get even with Findlay. He was nowhere to be found, but was traced to Glasgow, where it was believed he had taken a vessel for America. William Male, detective, was employed by the relatives of the murdered man to come to this country in search of Braidy, who it was thought would bring up in the Pennsylvania coal regions where he had friends working. " One of Braidy'8 peculiarities was his love for the bag- pipes, so the detective, being a piper, adopted the disguise of a Scotch piper, and played about the coal towns in the hope of some day attracting the attention of the man he was seeking, he' being sure from information he had received that Braidy really was somewhere in the coal regions. The ruBe succeeded after two years of patient trial. Male is now on his way to Scot- land with the alleged murderer." Whether Braidy was found guilty or acquitted we are unable to say, but this we know, that if he loved the screamy harshness of the bagpipes' chanter and the monotony of its drone, his lawyer had fair scope for a brilliant defence on the ground of insanity. ' About 900 houses per month are erected in London. The total number built during last year was 10,722. . Many a man is rich without money. Thou- sands of men with nothing in their pockets, and thousands without even a pocket, are rich. A man born with a^good sound constitution, a good stomach, a good heart and good limbs, a pretty good headpiece, IB rich. Good bones are better than gold, tough muscled than silver, and nerves that flash fire and carry energy to every function are better than houses and land. It ÍB better than a landed e-tate to have the right kind of a father and mother, 