LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY, THE Annual Meeting of the Adelaide Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society was held in Stow Church on 20th April. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. who presided, said the year had been memorable for two reasons. There had been a deficiency in the funds, and some of the Directors, who were business men, wished to cut down the expenditure, other?, including some ladies who were members of the Board, took an entirely different view, and proposed to appeal to the Churches for 100 more workers in the mission field. This policy had been adopted, and was called the forward movement in missions. It had resulted in an increase of funds and what was needed now was not so much money as men. A week of self-denial in England had resulted in an addition of £10,000 to the fund. They symapthised deeply with their venerable friend the Rev. F. W. Cox, whose daughter had been compelled on account of ill health to retire from India. They trusted her health might be so restored as to enable her to resume her work. The Rev. S. Lenton the Secretary, read an abstract of the Annual report, which stated that during the past three years the local interest in missions had been greatly stimulated by two important factors. One of these was the dispatch of an Australian Contingent to the mission field, and the other was the appointment of the Rev. Joseph King as Australian agent, whose zeal in securing deputations had stimulated the interest of the Churches. The action of Mr. Fletcher in securing a particular district in India to which Australian missionaries should be sent had been an advantage. An Australian edition of the Missionary Chronicle was now being published and was proving helpful. Much regret was felt at the return of Miss Cox on account of ill health. She had done good work, which it was hoped she might at no distant date be able to resume. Miss Clara Goode had proceeded to Pekin, where she had arrived safely. Miss Edith Goode had passed several examinations in the Chinese language with credit, and was able to take some part in teaching. Mr. G. Philips read the Finance report from which it appeared that the income from all sources had been £1,312, of this £982 had been remitted to the parent society, and after providing for the local agents the sum of £131 remained in hand. The formal businsss of re-electing the Committee having been moved by Mr. J. J. Green, seconded by Mr. Thos. Frost and carried ; The Rev. Joseph King, Australian agent, said that the Kev. W. G. Lawes was best qualified to ripeak of the work in Polynesia. He had given the word of God to two races, and had laid the foundation of the literature of two languages. The evangelization of China was an important question for Australia, and he was trying to get a deputation from that c >untry. He was in hopes that Dr. John of Hankow, would visit the colonies Speaking of the" forward movement," Mr. King said they were committed to the work of evangelizing the world and could not now retreat. He was convinced that just as the Holy Ghost was behind the resolution of tbe church at Antioch to send Paul and Barnabas on a misson, which had resulted in the conversion of Europe ; so the same spirit was behind the call of the L.M.S. for 100 more men. The Aus- tralian Churches must join in the movements. Tbe presence of several Australian agents in the field had already awakened new interest. Others had applied for work and would shortly be sent out. He expressed the opinion that this colony had not done as much for missions as it might have done. The contribution of £1145 last year was not so large as it might have been, seeing that £600 of this had been given by one individual. He thought every Church should give one collection in the year to the society. There should be a missionary Sunday in every church, when information should be given about missions. His brethren would pardon him for saying that it would be better if they had less theology and more about missions from the pulpit. He hoped that a week of self-denial would be observed in Australia this year. He told of a gentleman who after hearing Dr. Bevan preach on missions, came into the vestry and gave the Doctor a sovereign and said he felt he oughttodo more formissions. Heobtained a mission box into which he resolved to put something each day. At the end of the year three boxes had been filled which contained £12. Mr. King used this incident to urge that Christians should practise fifty-two weeks of selL-denial in the year for missions. The Rev. W. G. Lawes said New Guinea was the largest island in the world. He would confine his remarks to that part which was under British rule. The treatment of the native races in New Guinea had so far been fair an.i just. The letters pateut of Her Majesty provided that no tract of land could be alienated without the consent of the Governor. Supplying the natives with drink or firearms was strictly forbidden. No native might be taken more than ten miles from his place of residence, and deportation beyond the island was prohibited on any pretext whatever. Sir Wm. McGregor was an admirable governor, and administered the law faithfully. The best of governments, however, needed watching. There was no guarantee that the present state of things would last, and if need should be he hoped the Christians of Australia would give heed to their appeal. The relations of the missionaries to the Government were cordial, but all they asked was fair play. They did not ask protection. They had been on the island before the Government was established, and knew how to protect themselves. The mission had been begun in 1874, and the people were found in a savage condition. They were at first suspicious, but they bad lived down suspicion and won their confidence. The missionaries were now welcomed as friends, and in any dispute with the Government or with white men the natives come to the missionaries for protection and advice. They feared the Government, but they loved the missionaries. Mr. Lawes then repeated the facts published in this paper last week respecting the work accomplished in New Guinea. All along the coast the Sabbath was kept. Even in parts where no teacher was settled the natives would not buy or sell on the Lord's Day. On one occasion a feast had been given to a number of the natives, on the Australian squadron, but they would not begin until one of their number asked a blessing. When the Governor visited Mount Owen Stanley, a New Guinean, acted as chaplain to the expedition, and prayers were said every evening. Many of the church members could exhort, but he had been much impressed by their prayers, which gave evidence that they were real children of God. He believed they had free education in Australia. In new Guinea they had gone a little further, and not only imparted education for nothing, but also paid the children to attend —that was, they at first gave a reward for regular attendance until the children acquired a love of learning. They had the New Testament in their own tongue. The children were taught to read and write ; they also learned geography, arithmetic, and a little English. A British sea captain who landed on a certain part of the coast and set up his instruments to take an observation was waiting for the sun to show himself, when he was surprised to hear two little New Guineans suddenly burst out singing " Wait till the clouds roll by." There was need of extension. There were 450,000 natives in British New Guinea, and probably not more than 50,000 of these had ever heard of the Gospel ; the other 400,000 were still in darkness. The country was open, and the 400,000 were just as amenable to the Gospel as the others. They had been joined by the Anglicans and the Wesleyans, and still there was room. In the Fly River district Mr. Chalmers was at work. He was anxious to obtain a steam launch to assist him in his work, but still needed £700 to enable him to accomplish this. They were also establishing a training college at Port Moresby, for which they needed help. He asked tliem still to continue to support the mission by their prayers and gifts. A collection was taken up; and the Rev. J. C. Kirby having made a brief speech, the meeting closed. 