the DonrnBs snook their heads. . " I would give a million dollars for a stomach,"' said- a wealthy American recently. Now, a mil lion dollars (L200,000):is a deal 'of money, bat he was not ablo to buy tbe article even at that Dries. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Par ley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, - be ing a gardener, but he was ready enough" to _ give all he bad for one thing be hadn t got. .Here is his story, and he shall teil it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years sgo I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1SS2, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadlul pain af'.er eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest nsed to ' fill up' and my throat would swell bo I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed, ont of my ears. I became exhausted, and shcrt of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed- five or six weeks. "I then went as ont- patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six mouths was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all np with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I cams to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in tne hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and a' so two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Yon are in'a galloping consumption, and must die ; the ether doctors after sounding my longs and: chest, .' said nothing, but shook their headB.' " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I' could- in .his gardenB and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1SS8. when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting np phlegm sometimes as much as a teacupful a once, and was af.-aid to go to sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of m/ eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were blood shot. My lips and mouth were dry and I often broke out into a- cold clammy sweat.- My tongue was tike ap'.ecs of brown leather, audi could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get np for a frw hoars at a time hut was bo weak I iiad to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always t:red and weary, and sittiog or lying, was nerer at esse and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and wis so ncrvons I couldn't bear the least noise/and the children at play quite npset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but be said, 'I can do you no go.-d ; 1 can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and cried everything 1 could hear of. One thing was a coogh cure from London that cost 22 a bottle. 'But nothing did .>ny good, and my friends who came to see mesaid, " Well, yon won't congh much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world,' " About the mid He of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who woiks in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's byrup V and told me how he bad been' cured alter being in tbe hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores n Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and'feit rested when I awoke. After taking tbe medicine for three days nty breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go ont for a short wa k. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and i told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel'B Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's worksince, , " Of course my strength did not "return all at once, bnt after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the pnblication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Garirin has lived at Darley . Abbey 22 years and bearo an excellent re putation. Now, what was the complaint from which be suffered.! - Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped in'.o his grave in less than three months, instead of . growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chrome inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which haB lung symp toms tike consumption, for which it is so often ignor antly mistaken and wrongly treated. When, the right remedy, -Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all -diseases of the digestive tract' do yield to that magnificent preparation. cpvery, and commend the facts of his cose to all thinking people. ' Advice to Mothers ! — Are. you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cut ting teeth ! Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs Wisslow's Soothing Syrup. . It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural, quiet sleep by. relieving the child from pain, and tbe tittle cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gams, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at 1b ljd per bottle. Keatino's Powder destroys bugs, fleas, moths beeties, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating beetles the success'of this powder is extraordinary. It is per fectly clean.' in application. See the article you purchase' is "Heating's," as imitations "are noxioUB and neffectnal. Sold in tins, 6d, Is, and 2b fid ech. by all chemists q 1 Valuable Discovery fob the Hair. — If your hair is tnrning grey "or white, or falling off,, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will posi tively- restore in every case grey or white hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagree able smell of most "Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beantiful, as well as pro'uoting the growth of hair on bald spots, where the glands ' are not decayed Ask your ' chemist for— "The Mexican Hair Renewer," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere, at 3s fid per bottle. lAfitMlaeela Jannf 99' fnPPtr rerlftn UnfLiI T JirirlnTI England ; . . ; Floriline.— For the Teeth and Breath.— A few. drops of the liquid "Floriline," sprinkled on a wet . tooth-brush, produces a pleasant lather phich thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all para site . or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents, tartar, Btops decay, gives the teeth a peouliar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. . It removes all unpleasant odonr arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline " being composed in part of \- honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, - and the greatest toilet discovenr of the age. . Price 2a fid,, of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot to 38, Farringdnn Road, London, England; Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — A suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be -agreeably surprised at the almost imme diate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this oonntry at lr ljd per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," a " Blight cold," or bronohial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troohes" are, on the Government. Stamp around each box. Prepared by John I.,Brownand Sons, Boston, United States,' European depot 33, Farringdon Road, London, England,' Sir James Murray's Patent Fluid Magnesia secures a perfect digestion, corrects acidity and re lieves heartburn, without injury to the ooats of the stomach. Effectual in cases of irregn lar digestion, gout and gravel, and the safest cor recti ve for women and children. Recommended by leading physicians. Invaluable in hot olimates. In bottles, Is each; of all chemists and patent medicine vendors. — Rooke, Tompsitt and Co,' Agents, Melbourne; SO The power of tbe will has been often the theme of thrilling narratives. Sterne, in his " Tristram Shandy," has given to Uncle Toby the will-power to'exercise its spell over Corporal Trim, as he lies desperately low ; and in the extraordinary romance of the " Wanderiog Jew," by Eugene Sue, all have seen. how. Monsieur Rodda, by his strong volition, grappled with his arch- enemy, tbe Asiatic Cholera Doubtless the wilt has fortified many against th ieges of disease, but its c-xtremest potency falls short of the efficacy of Wolfe's Schnapps. 