HE WAS IN LUCK. A TALL, dignified-looking gentleman stood acing an unoccupied house in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but was now advertised as being " For Kent." The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbour came along and pleasantly remarked: "It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time." " Why, how long has it been idle?" " Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it ? Danger of collapsing ? " "Ob, no. The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's haunted." "You don't say!" And the tall man seemed to grow more interested. It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells; and immediately alter that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I Ve ^een them myselij ^ and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. " Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the wiole house ? " " Yes, I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for live dollars per month." "Five , , dollars , a month ,, • Great . , . .. Caesar! . , but that's a bargam. Guess 1 11 takeit before some other fellow gets ahead of me. "But wouldn't,you be afraid of living in a house infested with spooks ? " " Oh, I'm quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my stances every Wednesday and Friday night-, those spooks will come in very handy You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner aud sign a lease for ninety-nine yeai^. And as he walked ofl, he muttered ^ Fivedollars a month, and IwofnU-fledged ghosts to boot! This, is, indeed, a bargain 