“HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION !” Now, which is the worse—to have no appe tite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When “ good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, nr a vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differentlyjyet, the common sente of it is that, within rea sonable limits, it is better to have an appe tite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn’t feel like eating, stands in need of “ alterations and repairs.” To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, “I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on 7 If the latter, why 7 Let him clear the mystery himself. He saye:—‘ln the year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman 12 months, and then all nt once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that the ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and ' furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appe tite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.” We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls “a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it wore touched with some sharp in strument, Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. “ I dreaded,” he says, “ the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat." “After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of sleep.” What he means by the fear of “ some thing going to happen,” is, of course, the bar of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, nr the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished statu of his blood (the life bearer], his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination, “With great difficulty,” he says, “I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. Sol struggled on, but what I' suffered for over two years is post my powers of description. lam sure «o one has suffered so much as I have done.” In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One’s own pain is one’s own, and is always harder to bear than is one’s notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his ovm having hi en cured by Mother Seigei’s Syrup. “My wife,” ho aay», « got me a battle at Mr LtugstalTs, in' Wnodlesford, and after, using its contents the ailment left me and lias never returned since that fortunate day. I shosild like the whole world to know wliat st did for me. I have been employed by the Midland. Rail way Company for eleven years. (Signed] “ George Hunt, “ Car Bottom Road, “ Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.” We publish this by Mr Hunt’s desire, in order that part of tbs world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. The person who is afflicted with kleptomania always feels that he ‘ought to take something for it,’ 