THE LEFROY GOLDFIELD. [BY OUR OWN N REPORTER ] _ ! J I (NO 3) The next claim to the Great Northern is THE COMMANDANT, where Mr. G. Higgs is in charge of a shaft that is down 37ft They have opened out at < the 400ft. level, and driven a crosscut 20ft.,' and during my visit struck formation carrying very good looking stone, but of course no opinion cane formed about it at present On the section' a prospecting shaft was sunk by some former prospectors, who at a depth of 20ft. got on to a shoot of gold which the Commandant are trying to pick ' up. So far, all that can, be said is that the company have a fair prospecting show. The Commandant ground runs nearly to the crest of the bill in this spot, and on the other side of it comes the Volunteer line of reef. There are many who think the roof cut by the latter company is a continuation of the Landlord dice's line, but this is doubtful ; indeed, late indications point to the fact of there being two lines of reef, which seem to be moving, towards a junction in the Volunteer Extended Co's. ground, a section that joins the Cadet on the west There has little or no work been done yet on the Volunteer Extended, but a start has been made on THE CADET I by sinking a shaft 40ft, and opening out ntl 38ft. driving south. At 10ft they cut a lode' of 15in, in width that yielded fair prospects, and they hope in this drive to get on the Great Northern run of stone., They have also been prospecting, and during the last day ; or two cut what appears to be the Volunteer) line of reef further south than where they got the shoot already mentioned. The lode formation was cut in a trench and found to be about 3ft. wide, some specimens 'from which showed a little gold A week or so will, however, prove more satisfactorily what this is, and should it prove a continuation of the Volunteer line, will bear out the theory that there are two parallel reefs running close to each other here. Adjoining the Cadet is the WEST VOLUNTEER, lying between it and the Volunteer sections, under the charge of of Mr. Digney. On the western side of the creek here the shaft has been sunk in maiden ground 30ft from the eastern boundary. At a depth of 44ft they cut the lode in driving south at a distance of 20ft The lode formation is a good one with well defined walls and a splendid footwall, and they are in 4ft. and not through it yet The reef is making stone to the west, and a fair prospect of gold has been got out of the pug. This roof has been proved for a distance of 30 chains, being now cut in three sections. There is another formation to the north about 30ft. away, on which several small prospecting shafts were sunk, each giving a prospect of gold. THE VOLUNTEER comes next to the eastward, and Mr. O. Tregurtha is in charge of the parent claim. There is more work done here than in any other claim on the line. Operations were started by sinking a prospecting shaft a depth of 60ft The reef has been driven on 40ft, and stoped out for 14ft. up, and from this a trial crushing of 38 tons was made that yielded the splendid average of 5oz. 6dwt to the ton. There was still some stone from this shaft in the paddock, and on looking it over I came across good gold-bearing specimens in a few minutes. This prospect encouraged the directors to sink a main shaft and commence in a systematic manner. A winze sunk in the prospecting shaft to a depth of 100ft. proved the reef to carry fair gold to that depth. The main shaft is now down 60ft, and at 190ft they drove 24ft,, cutting the lode, which now presents a fine body of stone. They have driven about 70ft. east and 70ft. west from the crosscut, the boat stone being in the former drive. The driving on the hanging wall is in broken slate country, and on the footwall is sandstone. A rise has been put in 43ft. east of the crosscut, proving the stone to be about 4ft. wide and showing fair gold, the quality now they have got below the surface level being nice clean looking stone, evidently coming from a strong make. The reef to the west caines i a true footwall, and at about 40ft from the crosscut stone dipping west begins to make i also carrying gold, and growing stronger as it is driven out. The average width of crush I indicted the drive is 3ft. 6in., and in the stopes 2ft. 6in. The stone from which the ; trial crushing was made was put through at the Pinafore battery, a distance of over two \- miles, and the get out from the claim is rather heavy for the first half mile. They are carting stone to the battery at present and are keeping five head going, the stone put through, not being so good as formerly as it includes a lot of casing and mullock. The company are j about to erect a 14 hp. engine for winding and pumping purposes, and the boiler and port of the machinery are on the ground. The erection of poppet heads and the bed for the engine ore being proceeded with. On the west boundary a prospecting shaft was sunk about 25ft, and the reef running about 2ft. 6in. wide showing very good gold was cut To the east and adjoining this claim, is the EAST VOLUNTEER Co's claim on which only a comparatively small amount of work has been done at present. They have a main shaft down 60ft. and at that level drove for about 40ft, cutting a run of stone with fair gold in it about 15ft wide. A prospecting shaft was also sunk for 30ft, and good prospects obtained from it. The gold in both shafts appears to be dipping eastward. On the other side the creek near the site of the old Springs township, is the NEW QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY, where Mr. G. Clarke is conducting operations. The company have made use of the old shaft, and at a depth of 59ft. have opened out a crosscut bearing 16 degrees east of north, and this is now in 113ft. Not far from the point where this crosscut is at present, two lines of stone were worked by Richards and party, on what was known as the Reward claim, and a large amount of rich stone taken out. It In this make of stone that they are now driving for. The country passed through is rather disturbed, and there is every indication of the lode being pitched out of its course and underlaying north instead of south as usual. If this is the case it is expected they will have to drive about 70ft. more before the lode is cut, and less if the lode maintains its usual run. There are one or two indications of stone making in the crosscut, and at 212ft. a small shoot of stone was cut, but no gold in it. The face is now in a hard kind of cement that it is expected will prove the footwall of the lode. From the opposite side of the shaft to which they are now driving on some very fair stone was taken out by the old company. Not far from the Queen's Birthday, on the opposite side of the road, is the old Windemere claim, and I understand there is every prospect of a start being made here shortly to prospect for a known run of gold. On the north-west side of of the township is the CLARENCE CO. when under the charge of Mr. Osborne very satisfactory Prospecting operations have been carried on. The claim is close to the New Golden Era Co., and three shafts have been sunk and promising indications found. One shaft was put down 26ft, and a crosscut put in 12ft north, intersecting a parallel lode formation to that on the Era section. It is, composed of granular quartz and pug showing free gold, and is driving west about 9ft.' the formation widened to 3ft 6in. showing similar gold. South of this another parallel reef has been cut 12ft. distant in a shaft 40ft. deep from which a crosscut has been put in 15ft. north, striking the lode, on which a winze was put down another lifts on the course of the vein cut in the underlay. The shoot varies from 6in. to 18in. of clean quartz, showing a little gold. East of this' another shaft has been sunk 25ft., but it has not yet been opened out. It is the intention of the company to put down a 7 x 3 shaft, to the depth of about 100ft. midway between' these lodes and crosscut north and south to intersect them. The claim is known as the Old Rising Sun, formerly a Hobart company, and is on what was known as the Morning Star reef, although a shaft was sunk the general collapse of the field came before any effort was made to drive for the lode. Another claim belongs to the COMMERCIAL P.A., and is on ground formerly held by the Golden Crown. From this and the adjoining sections a large amount of gold has been won in the past, and it is known that there are three reefs close handy, which it is thought run into one another somewhere on the section. The company have at present got a i shaft down about 40ft CONCLUSION. > Those are the principal centres of work on the Lefroy field at present, but there is a lot of outside prospecting being done and a large number of sections pegged out extending on some of the best known lines for quite three miles. At a place called Back Creek, an old goldfield about six miles from Lefroy the Western P.A. have had prospectors out, and from reports received the last day or two they have come on something good. People will naturally remark that all the claims spoken of are on old ground, and wonder why the ground was not properly worked out before when the child was in its prime and operations in full swing. This, however, is one of those mysteries that seem to be inseparable from mining. Faith in a field is in a great measure pinned to one or two mines, and on the strength of them operations are started in all directions sometimes on fair legitimate shows, and again without a ghost of anything to go on. Let anything go wrong with the parent or principal mines, and down topples the whole house of cards built on the foundation of their prosperity. This is strongly in evidence at Mount Zeehan at present, and the same thing operated at Lefroy in days gone. The working out of several of the principal mines at the depth they were operating caused a natural re- action that resulted in operations being suspended in all directions, whether warranted by the individual prospects or not. But the fact of a reef like the Pinafore lying undis- covered for years in the busiest part of the field at a very shallow depth should at least warrant further prospecting. So far, with the exception of the New and West Pinafores and perhaps the Volunteer, the work being done is simply prospecting and nothing more, and the past and present developments of the field fairly warrant this kind of work being carried on. The work being carried on by the Deep Lead Proprietary Co. is good work, for they are endeavouring to prove a theory that is one of the cardinal points in the creed of many a Lefroy miner, and should they be successful in proving the existence of a deep lead it will give such an impetus to mining in the district that will be felt all over the colony. The' evil that presents itself to my mind in connection with the field is the old one company -mongering of endeavouring to grasp more than we can hold and spending money that should be devoted to developing a few legitimate shows in "lion scratching" all over the district. Under these circumstances a little caution will be advisable the part of public investors, but it is also only fair to state that the residents on the field, especially, the older ones, have great faith in its future, and while endeavouring to induce others to put their money in it are not afraid to risk their own. In closing I would like to acknowledge the uniform kindness met with from, the various managers whose kindness considerably lightened my work, and made the; visit a very agreeable one ' / ' 