THE SPIRITS AT WORK. That ouriosity, fully indulged, is liable to prove cxponnive is a lesson (says 44 Answers ") that has just been thoroughly learned by a certain medical geotlexnon. In tbe matter of spiritual manifestations he has always been a stiff-necked and unre generate doubter. As a child he scoffed a ghost storiee. and when he grew up tbe Bpectre worm uccuuiu a uia mtvi AIIC uiKiLf quips and sarcastic jests. Despite this he numbers among bis friends many of those who believe in the existence of shades, and tbey never neglect an opportunity to hurl arguments at hi6 head which may tend to bring him over to the ranks of the ollect. Finally, about two weeks ago, the doctor responded to the extent of promising to do a little investing on his own account. He had never gone to a materialising 6eance, and was anxious to see what one was like, so hepnt a quiet tittle advertisement in a daily paper, stating that an unbeliever wonld like to engage & reputable medium for test manifestations. At 8 o'clock on the evcniDg in question a little party of eight personal friends sat with clasped hands in tbe doctor's drawing room, and stared anxiously in tbe direction of the black cloth cabinet, which was faintly out lined in the gloom. A pale young man, accompanied by an obese female, had answered the doubter, and guaranteed to produce a very fine line of de parted spirits for a five-pound note. For over three-quarters of an hour visitors from the other world kept dropping into the doctor's drawing-room, sailing round his rather nervous guests, and departing. Then there was a long and dreary wait, woica woe cuueu uy uie upi/uiuuig wi mo gas. The pale young mau and the «twao female had vanished as completely as tbe speotres they had been supplying. Their cabinet remained, and with it a small bag filled with white crepe. In the next ton minutes two purees, a watch, and four scarf pins were discovered to he missing. The evening's entertainment cost the dootor something in tbe neighborhood of L100, and his disbelief in spirits is now something rapid. The police were not notified. 