ALISON'S HERO; A ROMANCE OF FACTORY LIFE. Br KEITH CHEISTIE. CHAPTER XIX. ALISON IS INDIGNANT. The news ran like wildfire through the town —a child found strangled on the cliffs, and the evidence pointing directly to Dr. Murdoch a- the murderer. And the doctor hod disappearod, leaving no clue by which he could be traced. But the clerk at th&booking-ofHce; had issued only two tickets by the first train that morning; —one to Dr. Murdoch, who looked pale ami excited, and one to a girl who wore a thiok veil and was closely wrapped.up. Both tickets were for Edinburgh. "It looks awful bad against Dr. Murdoch," every one said. Everyone but Dr. Lindsay. He had been to the police station to look at the little corpse, and had heard the whole story. Some men walking out on the cliffs in the morning had seen a white object on the rocks below, which, on investigation, proved to be the body of an infant, the cloth round the neck revealing the ghastly faot that it had been strangled before being tlirjwn into the water. But the sea had refused to sbarn in the tragic act, and the tide had cast the little body on the rocks to make its mute appeal to the justice of God and man; to bear its damning witness to the guilty hand that had taken its life. For the cloth that had doue the deed was a silk neckerchief, and at one end was written a name —John Murdoch ! It was Tibbie's friend, Bell sMacneil, who had recognized the neckorchief as one she had s^en in the possession of Liz; and she spoke up fiercely a 4 ; the police station, giving evidence that was damaging to Liz and the doctor. Beli had an excuse for her fierceness, for Murdoch had imperilled Tibbie's life by the fright he had given her the night before. She was the only creature in the world that Bell loved, and nov." that she was lying prostrate Bell left her work at the mill and waited on her with a devotion that redeemed her Jiature from its coarseness and brutality. "You are all a pack of fools to lay the murder on Murdoch, said Dr. Lindsay testily. " He is not the man to leave a witness like that against himself. What should he be doing to leave his name on the child's neok No, no ; the person who did it used the neckerchief to throw folk off the scent." "That idea won't hold water, doctor,,"said Macnab, one of the officers. "The thing was in the night, and he wouldn't see that his name was on the hankie." " Is there nothing that will account for his going away ? r ' the Superintendent asked. " Of course there is ! He has been called into the country to see a patient, and will turn up in the course of the day." "No, no, doctor. Edinburgh is not the country, and they don't send to Arbroath for medical advice." " But can you prove he has gone to Edinburgh " Well, there is a hitch there. Two tickets were issued, but only one was handed in at Edinburgh. We've wired down the line, but no Arbroath passengers left the train between this and Edinburgh. There was an excursion to London to-day, and no special notice was taken of any one in the crowd; but it's likely they'll be stopped before they get to York." "Well, I nope for Murdoch's sake vou'll bring him back. I'm couvinced he's" had nothing to do with this. He's been rather pay lately, but no more than any other man of his age; and it's mad foolery for you to issue a warrant against a man on such mere circumstantial evidence." "There's plenty of charges against him, doctor, and his name is connected with one of your own servant lassies." " The girl that's away ? A pack of humbug! She was a flirt, but nothing worse; and Dr. Murdoch is neither mad nor a fool that faB should run away with her." But Dr. Lindsay's words went for nothin?; and the evidence against Murdoch came rolling up like black clouds to overwhelm him. At the Abbey House Marget was adding to it. She had been out the previous night on the Braeheads; it might be 11 o'clock or it might be 12. She was having a walk with a lad—a daft creature, but one of the Lord's own—and the doctor passed them. He had his arm round a lassie, and she was clinging to him and cryin' awful. She knew it was Dr. Murdoch, for his oollie dog was with him. "I don't believe it!" Alison cried passionately to every bit of the evidence. And she listened defiantly to the horrid details of the tragedy that came to her ears. Mrs. Lindsay came backwards and forwards all day, Riving evory fresh development as it showed itself. And as the day wore on thing* became darker for the dootor. My dear." Mrs. Lindsay said to Alison, " he was called to Phillips's child in the cottages at the foot of the steps about 10 o'clock, and he stopped till 11. But he didn't go home, for Phillips saw him walking down towards the shore after he left the house; and he heard him po past talking to a lassie about 12 o'clock, as Marget said." Alison lifted her pale face. " But there are a hundred things that might account for all that, Mrs. Lindsay. Oh, how aruel, how wicked you are to condemn him so readily in his absence !" "That's just it, child. If he was here now he would explain everything; but he is not, and that's the worst feature in the case. A man doesn't disappear for nothing; and when he takes ft girl with him it looks bad, you see." "No one can tell that Liz went with him," Alison said furiously. "For all we know Liz may have been murdered herself!" Mrs. Lindsay smiled cynically. "No, no, child! When girls are to be murdered they don't prepare for it by takiug their money out of the Bank and putting up their clothes for a journey. Liz made ready to go yesterday evening, and all the afternoon she was very strange and hysterical. I only wish I had been at home to see her!" Alison moaned. " — Liz is --OU so young, J UUU^ and «UU so QU irettyand tender-hearted; she could never Jlave hurt anything—much less a little baby." "No, she couldn't; and that's a point against Murdoch. Liz hadn't the heart to hurt the wee thing. If one of the two did it, it must have been the doctor." "How can you say such a thing?" Alison cried, hotly. "Ho commit a murder?—h:> Why, it's not a year since he almost died in saving a baby's life. You know that, Mrs. Lindsay ! You know it was by a miracle that he reoovered from blood-poisoning when Mrs. Macintyre's baby had diphtheria, and he saved it!'" " Yes, child, I know Oh! I would give anything to believe him innocent; but what can I do ? It is not only one that saw him on the cliffs that night, it's several. Bell Macneil was out looking for Tibbie, and she saw him ; and there's Alec and Marget and Tibbie herself." Alison hid her face in her hands and sobbed aloud. Every one was against him! Even Mrs. Lindsay, his staunchest ally, believed the worst. How the day dragged on. The excitement in the town was very great, and Alison did not leave the Abbey House all day. Dr. Lindsay had telegraphed to Murdoch s home, and received an answer that the family was abroad, and the house had been shut up all the year. No arrests had been made, for no one answering to the description of Murdoch and Liz had left Edinburgh that morning. The Poet wenl about the town trying to glean some hojie for Alieon; but he could find none. Nothing had been heard of or from the fugitives, and the whole of Arbroath was ringing with stories detrimental to the doctor's character. Give a. dog a bad name and hang him, the proverb says; and now that Murdoch had gained the name the people were ready to put the action into force. When the mills were closed that night the girls paraded the streets in mobs, screaming for Murdoch's life. They surrounded Dr. Lindsay's house, and cried to May to bring out her sweetheart, that they might do for him ; and they refused to go away till they were dispersed by the police. Alison sat at home pale as death, refusing to believe a word of all that was being said, with her heart bitter and wrathful against those that were so ready to accuse her hero. She wondered that the heavens kept silence, and the summer day smiled at this black injustice; and she clenched her hand angrily as she realized how helpless she was to do anything to shield the man she loved. How she wished that she had been in May's place, and had had the right to defend his good name ! But she had no right; and May, who bad, was at home refusing to be comforted, because she was engaged to a murderer! Alison's blood boiled against May, who could so readily-lose faith in the man who was to have been her husband, and she went into supper with a set white face that took away the Foet's appetite. Mrs. Urquhart had not been able to do anything to comfort her bairn that day; but she had ordered a tempting supper for her. " Many people think they are dying of iiroken hearts when thov are only hungry," *he said ; 'and if the bairn can only enjoy a piece of roast chicken she will sleep better than Jf she goes to bed wanting." . But the meal was a miserable pretenoe with ®11 of them, and Marget noted with deli »ht the scanty justice done to it. "Weil has the prophet written that your loss if my gain," she said, when ste reached the kitchen. "I will just take a wee bit o' tlial chicken to Alen, for the Scriptures tell us, to give to him that askefch of thee; and what's Alec done to-day but ask a jelly piece to l»is diet';" So she laid by a good part of the chicken, and waited for bedtime, when, the family fiaving retired, she could slip across the green to Aleo with his supper—for Marget had a Weakness for the .society of lads, especially for that of Alec, who, far-seeing old ainuer that « ne^was, encouraged her tender passion for When Alison said good-night to the Poet he gave her a flabby pressure of the handmeant to be strongly sympathetic. But Alison took no notice of it, nor of his weary, dejected own 80r » r 0w too: for sinoe the night May had given him the lilies he had loved her, and now his heart was sore for May as well as for Alison, on whom this bitter sorrow had fallen. It was no secret now that Alison loved Dr. Murdoch Mrs. Urquhart and the Poet, Mrs. Lindsay and May—they all knew that Alison's grief was not for a friend so .much as for the man Bhe loved. Her heavy swollen eyes touched Dante Algernon, who had a tender heart; and when she had left him he took his violin and began to give expression to his lore and longing for May, and his pity and sympathy for Alison. Marget, listening outside, invoked the aid of all the holy angels— and a renowned apostate from their ranks! to send him to his room. But he had no intention of going, and by-and-by a happy thought struck him. He would go outside and play under Alison'^ window, and hearing the music she would know that one was watchme with her. So he quietly let himself out of the house and stole down the stairs and out into the shadowy midnight. The clouds were swathed about the sky, but here and there a star glittered with the cold blue sheen of naked steel. There was no stir, not even a passing footfall, to disturb the silence; and sweet and weird was the cry of the violin piercing the darkness. Allison, lying wakeful, stopped her sobs to listen to the music; for it seemed to give a voice to all the unutterable sorrow striving within her; and as she heard the wild notes rising to a wail, or sinking to a moan, her sorrow was soothed, and she slept. But there is an obverse to everything under the moon, even to the moon itself; and while the music calmed Alison, it provoked Marget to ire. All this time the Poet was keeping her from the event of the night; that blissful hour with Alec, when he would enjoy his chicken and her presence—though it was true Marget was no chicken '.—and tell her that ever sweet 6tory of his delight in her charms. When Alec would quote " the bird of Heaven"—Marget s interpretation of the bard of Avon !—that strange fowl whose utterances were so unintelligible, yet so flattering, Alec said, to her sex. When, by apt allusions to Robbie Burns and a certain Widow Macclure, he would draw from Marget the tale of the sum boarded in the stocking behind the kitchen stove, "where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, accordin' to the prophet." . From all this the Poet's serenade was keeping her. Human nature can bear much where there is much to begainedbyeudurance; but there are occasions when inaction is mistaken—not to say ignoble—and this was one of them. Marget took up a pail of water, and advancing softly, quietly unlatched the window. Then while "The Banks of Allan Water," with variations, filled the air, she balanced the pail ou the window-ledge, and dislodged its contents on the fair head of the minstrel below. There was a sudden ejaculation—unparliamentary in character and muffled in tone— from below; and Marget leaned from the lattice like an anc-ient Juliet greeting an irate Romeo. Ye may as well cry dam, for the dam's burst to-night. And what do you mean taking me from my couch, a poor wearied body, with dreams of ghosts and tLieves getting into the house. If ye're not altogether drunk, go away and let me go to my bed. ' Ye have wakened me from sleep, I must slumber again,'as saith the Song o' Solomon." Then the window closed with a jerk, and the Poet, shivering in bed an hour after from the effects of his cold douche, heard nothing of her movements when she slipped stealthily out of the Abbey House, and as wc-arily returned again. He forgot to mention the matter the next morning, for Mrs. Lindsay arrived early in great distress. "I have been hoping that the post would bring me word from Murdoch or Liz, but it's in, and not a word from cither of them. Have you had any letter, Alison!'' "No," Alison said, wearily. She too had been expecting to hc-ar from Liz. "Things are looking very black agaiust him, poor lad. This morning one of hiB gloves was picked up near the Deil'a Head, where the aody was found." Alisons face was deathly white, but she smiled. That proves nothing; he was so often on the cliffs." Ay, but it does prove something, child. It is one of the pair May gave him on his birthday. ^ They were iua.de specially for hiru, and there's not another pair like them in the town." Alison started. " He wore them at the Guild that same night." " Yes, he did—so be must have been ou that path after he had seen May home." " Perhaps some one picked it up and lost it there," Alison suggested, bravely, though her Hps had bo <me as white as her cheeks. "Not likely, child. However, I am going to take May away before it occurs to any one to ask her to identify the glove with Murdoch's. She is in great distress, and it will do her good to be away from all this excitement. I want you to go with us, Alison. Can you start immediately?" "I? Oh, no!—I couldn't leave in this uncertainty ; I must wait until Dr. Murdoch comes back. 1 ' " Now, Alison, be reasocr 'jle and come away. You are killiug yourself : and, what's more, they may want you to give evidence against Murdoch and Liz if you remain. You know something about that neckerchief of Murdoch's that Liz got hold of, don't you? Alison's face fell. She had too good cause to suspect that Liz had taken that handkerchief from her box. "I see you do," said Mrs. Lindsav. "Now, not another word—I won't take a" denial. I have telegraphed to the Hydropathic at Pitlorchy tor rooms, and we will go and stop there quietly till this business is over." " Yes, my bairn; 111 not consent to vour staying behind," said Mrs. Urquhart. "And I'll persuade James to go. too, for you'll be the better of a lad to see to you." "Yes, that we shall," Mrs. Lindsay said heartily. "Not another word, child ! We leave by the two train," and I expect to see you and Mr. James at the station." As they stood waiting for the train that afternoon the Poet observed a small object lying between the platform and the rails on the opposite side. He sprang down and brought it across, and Alison's face became a shade paler, for it was a little purse that she had herself given to Liz! 