THE GREAT PEARL CASE. I TRIAL OP THE ACCUSED. Mrs. Osborne, who was taken to Bow- street and to gaol for perjury after tho charge of swindling Spink had been with drawn at the Guildhall, reappeared at the polico-eourt on Friday, February 12. The hearing was taken in the upstairs court, usually known ns the Extradition Court. Tho little court was overcrowded long be foro Sir John Bridge took his soat on tho bench, the bench itself also being filled. When tho magistrate at last entered, there was not room in it for a single additional duividual except in the dock. That was immediately occupied by tho tall figure of Mrs. Osborne, who was again in tears, and oxcitcd keen sympathy. Her husband, tho captain, stood by her side. Mr. Cuffe, the Treasury solicitor, did not conduct the prosecution ; he instructed Mr. C. F. Gill. Mr. Lewis Coward again de fended. It was significant that Mr. Coward shook hands cordially with Mrs. Hargreave and with her solicitor, Mr. Sweet. Mrs. Hargreave looked very unhappy, and if sho wus not actually in tears she was very near it, and held a dainty little lace handker chief in readiness in her muff. Mr. Gill deemed it unnecessary to make any opening statement, but straightway called a Law Courts official, who produced the writ, statement of claim, and so on, in Qie action in which the perjury was alleged to have been committed, Csborno v. Har greave. Mr. E. R. Holton,- Justice Den- man's clerk, then proved the dates of the hearing of the case. The prisoner was a witness iu tho case, he said, and he adminis tered the oath to her. Mr. Albert Robert Smeaton proved to be tho recording angel who took down Mrs. Osborne's testimony in shorthand, little dreaming that the ghost of the lady's evi dence, materialised by Pitman, was thus to riso np in judgment against her. He pro duced part of the fatal transcript, leaving it to speak for itself, and Mr. Coward did not cross- examine. Mr. Harry Seymour Cutler next produced his part of the transcript, and all the while the lady in the dock-' shaded her eyeB from tho dread sight of those damning note-books by means of her cambric handkerchief. The particular passages of the evidence on which the prosecution relied for the assignment of the perjury they charged were then read. They consisted of Mrs. Osborne's statement that sho had never been in the city further than the Temple ; that she did not writo " Mrs. Price, 14 Hyde Park Gardens," on the document produced by Messrs, Spink ; that she did not write " Alice Price " to the memorandum stating that the jewels were her property ; that she did not writo " A. Price" by way oi endorsement on the cheque for £550 drawn by ''Messrs. Spink ; that site never saw Pearoe, the bank clerk from Glyn's, in her life till the trial ; that she never went out at all ou February 23, 1891 ; that she did not pay anything over £10 oxcept by cheque between February 19, 1891, and March 9, 1891 ; that sho never heard of any tradesmen of tho ' name of Spink till this question arose ; aud that sho' nevor before saw tho documents produced, marKeu a, a ana u. mrs. hargreave was tiie next witness, and Mrs. Osborno clasped the hand of her husband as that lady appeared in the box in front of her. Mrs. Hargreave, it up- peared, caino on a subpuma. She produced the original cause of all the trouble, those . beautiful pear-drop pearls. Mrs. Osborne's emotion increasing at this point, Mrs. Har greave too nearly broke down. Sho looked towards the dock, tried to speak in a whisper to the wretched woman a yard or two off, and had to use hor handkerchief to stem the threatening torrent of tears. Then sho recounted, in monosyllabic replies to Mr. Gill, how Mrs. Osborno came to stay with her at Shirley, how she showed iter tho secret cabinet containing tho jewels, and, how tho jewels vanished. It was all very brief, but very dramatic. When Mrs. Hargreave had passed by Mrs. Osborne on her way to the" witness-box in the Law Courts action she had stood and dared at her with tho fierceness which was alarming to the witness. Now as she brushed past the crushed woman in the dock she took the opportunity of giving her arm a reassuring squeeze. Mr. Coward said that, as Mr. Gill had gono into the question of larcony, he sup posed there would now be a. committal for larceny. Mr. Gill said that, the larceny being dis closed on tho depositions, he muBt ask for a committal for the offence thus disolosed. Cross-examined by Mr. Lewis Coward, Mrs. Hargreave said her jewels ltifd been restored to iter. And qll the costs in the action paid to you and your husband? — They have. Have you seen -Mib. Osborne since hor arrest?-— Yes. Whore ?— Yesterday, in Holloway Gaol, you visited iier there ? — i did. Mr. John Marshall Spink was a now wit ness altogether. He described Mrs. 03- bornc's visit to his shop to Bell the jewels. He asked her tho sum she cxpoctcd, and she said £S00, Witness said that was too much, and nskeel her if she had any objection to tho firm's malting an offer for them, Sho suid"No." Witness theroupon examined them, and offered her £550, which bIio ac ceptor!. More than onco witness asked her if they wero her own property, and Mrs. Osborne said she had inherited them. She gave her name os Alice Price, 14, Hydo Park-gardens, aud when tho directory was searched, and a dis crepancy found between that and hor state ment, Mrs. Osborno replied that she was staying at tho Hyde Park Gardons address, her own plnco being in the country, Askod for her country address, Mrs. Osborne said sho would prefer not to give it. WitncsB said that in buying articles of such value it was neeoBsary to know from whom they woro purchasing, and Mra. Osborne re plied, " Then I would rather not soil them." She put out her hand to take them baoic again, but witness, being deBirous of purchasing them, said ho only required her name and address for entry in tho firm's books, again explaining it was absolutely necessary they should know who sho was. After a few moments' consideration she gave tho address of Uadcliffe Hall, Bradford. She signed in tho nnmo of Alice Price, the memorandum produced, declaring the pearls to bo her property, whereupon witness wrote tho £500 orosscd cheque produced. Mrs. Osborne then said, " I also liavo a fine pearl necklace, which I hope I shall not have to sell," and then left, after being in the shop about 20 minutes. Four days later, on February 23, Mrs. Osborno returned, dressed quite differently. She said she 'wished to get cash for tho cheque, and would witness mark it so that she could. Ho wrote across it, "Pleaso pay cash," and Mrs. Osborne then left. This transaction was about half-past 10 in the morning. On March 6 witness iiad his attention called to a handbill issuod by the Torquay police, describing jewels such ns those ho had bought. lie at onco wrote down to tiio Torquay police. Ho next saw Mrs. Osborne on March 12 nt his shop, when lie identified her. Sho was then in company with other people. Cross-examined : Do you know or not as a font that bank-notes and a "choquo to tho amount of £550 have been sent by Messrs. Wontnor on behalf of Mrs. Osborne to the Publie Prosecutor for you? — I have heard so. were you a voluntary informant against Mrs. Osborno in this matter? — No. How camo it you swore an information ? — Two police officors came to mo shortly before Christmas, I think. They wero city detectives, and came from the Treasury, I believe. They wonted us to prosecute, but wo declined to do that. Ro-examinod : The jewels were recovered from Messrs. Spink by tho Hargreaves by means of nn action for such recovery. Here a glass of water was fetched for tho prisoner, and when she had sipped it the officer put it down on the form in the dock just out of hor reach. Tho solicitous Mrs. Hargreave saw that it was out of her reach, and rose and pushed it close to her side. Alfred Baggaliay, an assistant at Messrs. Spink's, gave corroborative testimony. He asked Mrs. Osborno why sho wished to sell tho jewels, and she replied, "I want tho money more, and they are old-fashioned." William Tipper Pearce, tho bank clerk, described Mrs. Osborne's visit to the bank on February 23, when sho presented tho £550 cheque. Witness told her it was crossed, and could not bo paid through a bank, and if she wanted cash she must go and get it marked to that effect by the drawer. Sho went and returned with tho cheque marked "paycash," asked for the money "all in gold," and he weighed out and paid to her the amount in the desired form. She put tho bug on hor arm, threw her cloak over it, and walked out. Tho weight of £550 in gold was rather more than 91b. The Magistrate : Have you any doubt in tho world as to the identity of tho prisoner ? Witness: Not tho slightest. Alfred Benjamin, the Conduit-street tailor, whoso letter pricked the whole colossal bubble blown by tho Osborno sido in the famous suit, said his fhm had once sup plied Mrs. Osborno (beforo her marriage) with goods at Folkestone. Ho remembered a lady calling at his shop on February 23, but lie could not identify the prisoner. He gave the lady, whoever she was (sho gavo the name of Mrs. Thompson), a letter to his bankers. Tho letter (now produced) asked the bankers to obligo tho lady with notes in chango for gold. The reports of the trial wero shown to him by one of his clerks, and he communicated with the judge who was hearing the suit. Mr. A. B. Corthorn, cashier at tho bank to which Mr. Benjamin's letter was directed, remembered the letter being presented by a lady. He took tho £550 in gold, and gave in exchange seven £50 notes and ten £20. Tho "fifties" wero numborod 19,190 — 6 con secutively, while the " twenties " were num bered 28,660-9 consecutively. Mr. Charles John Williams, a clerk in the Bank of England, produced a bank of england note dated May 2, 1890, No. 19,196, bearing the endorsement "F. E. Elliott." That was paid into tho Bank of England on March 6 by the Union Bank ulong with othor notes. Ho also produced nine £20 Bank of England notes, dated March 4, 1890. Did you find ono of the £20 notes has upon it two letters apparently the end of a name? — Yes. And it bears on it tho stamp of the London and South- Western Bank atFul- ham-road ? — Yes. Arc there also some initials on that noto ? — There are. Mr. Thomas Secombe, linon salesman with Messrs. Maple, Tottenham Court-road, said on February 20 ho remembered Mrs. Osborne coming to that establishment. She purchased household linen of the value of £50 and a few shillings. Sho was there from abont an hour and a half to two hours. She gavo him instructions that the linen wns to be marked " C. A. Osborne." The goods in tho first instance were sent homo in one yi VIIO littita, out woio UlUllHUb UUUtt, OHO called on February 28, and he took the goods himself to the house on Murch 2. IIo waited at the house, and saw Miss Elliott. He tendered the account, and 'she gave him iu payment a £50 bank-note. He asked her to endorse the note, and sho said messrs. maple were rather exacting, She endorsed the noto in his presence with the name of Elliott, and paid him tho differ ence in coin. Tho following morning he paid the note into the counting-house. Mr. Frederick Albert Deniiam, cashier at Messrs. Muplo's, said the firm banked at the Union Bank in Tottenham Court- road. On March 4 he made up a parcel of £500 in bank-notes, and they were paid into the Union Bank. Mr. Edward Dunmore, clerk at tho Tot tenham Court-road branch of tho Union Bank, proved the payment of tho £500 to Messrs. Maple's account, including a £50- note, dated May 2, 1800, numbored 19,196, and endorsed "F. E. Elliott." Mr. Charles Smith, manager of tho Mor timer Storos, Fnlham-road, said he hud a customer named Ethel Elliott, of 27 The Boltons. She occasionally gavo orders and sometimes paid the accounts. The firm banked with the London and South-Western Bank, Fulham-road. The £20-note, No. 28,661, bore his initials. Ho always put tho name of the person from whom he received the noto upon it. - On the back of the noto he found two " t's" upon it, but tiie best of the name iiad been erased. He was in the habit of spelling Miss Elliott's name with two t's, and on Feb ruary 28 lto found he paid £25 into tho bank. Doteotivo-inspeetor Henry Taylor pro duced five £50 Bank of England notes dated May 2, 1800, which woro handed to him by tho Treasury solicitor, which were received with a cheque from Messrs, Wontnor for £300 in favor of Messrs. Spinks and son on behalf of Mrs. Osborne. That concluded tho case for tho prose cution, and Mr. Gill applied that prisoner bIiouUI bo committed for trial at tho Central Criminal Court on the charge of perjury, utid for tho larceny of tho jewels. Sir J. Bridge, having given the usual caution to tho prisoner, asked her if she had anything to say. Mrs. Osborne (almost inaudibly) ; I havo nothing to say. Sir J. Bridge : Do you wish to call any witnesses? Prisoner: No. Sir J. Bridge; Then you will be com mitted for trial at tho Central Criminal Court. Prisoner thon stepped from the doek, and was assisted by her husband out of the eourt. 