THE DOOTORS SHOQI THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (5200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say : "Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadfal pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime the latter so thick and sticky that-I-often had to -remov,--.. with chest.e to IQfillup ' and my thro would 'swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish. green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out.patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hoepitb- were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughingand spitting up phlegm, some times as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, I and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and Ioften broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing- down. I lost over a 'stone weight in three weeks. - "I managed to get up for a few hours at a' time, but was ao weak I had to take hold of the' furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sittiig or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, tapd the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you no good ; Ican only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did'any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to pre pare for another World.' ' About the middle of March, 1889. a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, did- you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? and told me how he had been-cured after being in the hospital. He. spoke so much,in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an! evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days iny breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnightI went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of'course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' ..In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to \- referi.l doubters to him or to Mr Keetley,. Head Gardener, Darley Abbey,, who is acquainted with. S~all;the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at, Daoley ,bbey.-2 years and bears an excellent re-. putation. NQ w . what was the complaint from which he s- iufed'P Not galloping consumption, certainly (as ...: :o oee:of: the, doctors thought), or. he would have S. galloped;into. his gave in less than; three months, instead of igrowing worse faor seven years. His . -'complainst was chroni inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrah),. which has lung symp Stoma-li e, consumption, for- which it is. so often .:::ignoratly mistaken and wrongly treated. When thkirightrtmedy, Mother Seigel'seSyrup, was used the disease yielaed, as all diseases of the digestive ..ttct do. yiel_ to that magnificent preparation. We beartily congratulat9 Mr Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts 'of his case to all thinkipg people, 