TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bt Asmodrub. -Uio publioation of tho weights for the Ooul- jiold Grand National meeting has aroused a heaUhly intorest in the two jumping events whioh will engage attention this dny fortnight. ana during tho present week Mr. Barnard's separate' compilations havo boon subject to oloso examination and keen oritioism in the endeavor to discover any weak; points commoted there- with. The votoran handioappcr's work has admirably- stood the severe tost to whioh it has lioonshbjeotod, and so evonly havo tho weights been adjusted that no ordinary difficulty will be experienced in adopting the winning double. Of tho 59 horses classified for tho Hurdle Raco, tho half dozen I like host are ' st. lb. IIAVILAII .. .. .. .10 11 BOONOKE .. .. io n DONALD „ .. .. " " 10 7 : THE PIONEER.. .. .. " 10 7 PILOT ... .. ... .. 10 o TIM SWIVELLED .. .. . ' .. 9 6 The foregoing form n formidable toara, and I quite oxpeot to see tho winner turn up from amongst thorn. ..Havilah's recent' running at Flomington was sufficiently good to look for ward to something bettor on no distant dato; and after Bolton's disappointing display last Saturday tho stable will in all probability put tho tirsfc named forward in prcforonco to the un reliable black gelding. Mr. Barnard has oono'odod Boonoko 11 lb. for being boaton last Saturday, an allowanoo which ought to give the pedigree unknown one a obanoo of oomponsat- ing for somo of his rcoont disappointments. Donald 1ms only 3 lb. moro than whon ho ran third to Redlcap at Flomington, and as tho re- duood jonrnoy will bo to his liking tlio Dowling Forest nag may again bo expected to mako n bold bid for victory. I lmvo not yot lost faith in Tlio Pioneer, who has only 4 lb. more oh his book than whon ho ran suoh a good third to Kimborley in the Opon Hurdle Raoo at Flom ington. Mr. S. G. Oook has a useful second string in Loona, who liaa boou allowed 8 lb. for her uhsucoassful effort at OaulfioldlastSaturday. Liberal oonoossions have also boon mado to other horses who failed to catoh tho judge's eye in tho samo raoo, viz., Boonoko, 11 lb.; Buttons, 6 lb.; Nooroo, 4 lb.; and Kimborley, 3 lb. Bolton, who ran third, is relieved to tho extent of 5 lb., while Tim Swivolior, on tho oontrary, is raised 4 lb. in recognition of being riddon out to tho bittor end. Tho last named is a game, honest colt, and aftor his orcditablo display last Saturday I willingly allot him a place in my winning team. Pilot ran a groat horse for over two miles in tho Grand National at Flomington with 2 lb. more than he has now to carry, consequently I expoot to see him again boar the brown jaoket well to tho fore. The list as nt present constituted ombraoes a variety of maiden and undeveloped talent, but I do not anticipate having to go outside tho above named half dozen when making my final aaleotion of a representative. Tlio best handicapped half dozon in tho Stcopleohaeo aro, to my mind st. lb. REDLEAP .. .. .. .. 13 12 FREEMAN .. .. .. .. 12 3 FEARLESS II. .. .. .. ... 11 9 JACK'S THE LAD .. .. 11 0 SHANKS .. .. .. .. .. 10 13 BOULEVARD .. 10 12 Notwithstanding tbo distanoo is a mile further I don't think Redloap is harshly treated in boing asked to onrry 9 lb. in exoess of tho impost he bo successfully negotiated at Flomington ; in fact, 1 think he is moro favored than othorwise, and as staying is undoubtedly one of his strong points, ho will again' bo difficult to displace. Freeman has boon eased to tlio extent of 2 lb. for falling at Flomington, but for whioh con tretemps it is thought tho Now Zcalandor would linvo harassed Redlcap more than did Oon- fidenoo in tho run homo. As Froomnn is not likely to repeat the mistake ovor a oountry like Caulfield I sliall be prepared to eeo him make a iieroio effort to oqualiso matters with Redleap, and if ho succeeds in finishing in front of the last named I don't think lie will have mnoli to fear from any of tho others. As Fearless II. is aommenoing to show signs of returning to his old form lie must not be ignored. Jaok's the Lad and Boulevard havo eaoh 5 lb. less to oarry than when last defentod at Flomington, bat noithcr performed oreditably on that oooasion, and I estimate their ohancos to be inferior to those of REDLEAP and FREEMAN, between which pair I am for the present in clined to Bplib my vote. Shanks lias been dropped II lb. below the woight ho carried when he soparated Jack's the Lad and Freeman at Flomington last March, and as the first named is raised 11 lb., and the latter 1 lb., tho Rookwood gelding ie favorably handicapped by oomparison with tho two Now Zoiilanders ; yet Shanks is snob a confirmed wastorj and so unreliable, that it is oxtromely doubtful whotlier this roduotion will oauso a renewal of oonfidonoe in an animal who has so ropeatcdly disappointed liis stable connections. Slianks's companion, Blister, is also 5 lb. bettor troatcd than ho was at Flomington, while Beggar Boy has boon let down 5 lb., Schoolboy 4 lb., and Rob Roy, Wellington and Torrent 2 lb. eaoh. Tho good things dispensed at Caulfield last Saturday thoroughly maintained tho high standard of sport pcouliar to tho much frequented Heath, and as tho oooasion was naterially im proved by tlio seasonable wcathor whioh pro- vailed, Mr, Harric Smith had tho satisfaction of sending his patrons homo in a hoppy state of mind, thoroughly contented with tho afternoon's porformanoo. Tho majority of bookers wero tolerably successful in' getting on fo tho several 'winners, nil of whioh, oxcopting My Jack, woro -frooly supported, especially Premier, Confidence and Little- Bob, ovor whom tho ring aufforod severely. Premier, notwithstanding the poor display he made at Flemington a fortnight pre viously, was baokod down to ovons for the Two- Yoar-Old Handionp, and tho party behind him did not mako tho slightest mistako, for tho fnvorito had ovorything, save Leah, hoplossly boaton ou entering tho -straight, and ho also effootivcly settled Mr. Filgato'B filly beforo tlio winning post wbb roaohod. Premier's last two i performances aro of a' vory contradictory oha- raotor; at Flemington he was unbaokod and unplaced, whorens on Saturday ho was very muoh baoked and did not fail to catoh tho judge's eye cither. It is to bo regretted than Frontier has thus onriy in hiB career contracted n vice so prevalent on the turf. Urith was put up 61b. for finishing in front of Proinior at Flemington, heneo she did not have a ghost of a ohanoe when tlio money was put up for tlio last named. It ie this battledore and shuttlecook system of racing whioh is the bane of tho turf, and tends to bring the Bport moro into disrepute than any other irregularity assoointed therewith. Little Bob, who won , tlio Knmbrook Handionp, afforded another parnllol instance. With 3 lb. less on his baok a week previously at Floming ton he ran nowhere in tho July Handicap, won by Premier's stable companion, Competency, yot in faoe of that indifferent performance thoro was no mistaking tho gonuino eleventh hour de monstration initiated on his behalf last Satur- day, whon ho romped liomo tlio easiost of winners. It is greatly to be regretted that tho various olubs are not ompowored to deal rotrospootivoly with tho running of horses guilty of apparently inoonsisteut behavior within reasonable periods, but, ns instanced so forolbiy by Premier and Littlo Bob, a horso can ho friondless, forlorn and hopelessly : beaten on one oourse to-dav. only to re-appear olsowliero to-morrow a full fledged favorite, and mako a certainty of de feating his field It docs not follow that be cause those glaring reversals of form are. of every day ocourronoo tlioy oannot bo occa sionally explained, .and it is thorofore as unjust to owners, trainers and jookeys to ho deprived of the opportunity to account for what appear to bo gross irregularities as it is unfair to those who supply the munitions of tho turf, tho muoh forebonring and muoh humbugged public. Having thus inadvertently digressed in touoh- ing on .a oouplo of inoidentB prominently associated with . Saturday's proceedings at Onufield, I will now proceed to deal with tho racing soriiitim. Premier's viotory in the open ing ovont has already beon referred to, and I need only add that Nobody, who 1b still very muoh on tho leg, oarriod his 9 st. into a pro minent position for three furlongs, then sub sided. On the strength of his victory on tho flat at Maribyrnoug the provious afternoon, Bolton's chance-, for tho Hurdlo Raco was immensely fanoied, and as little as 2 to 1 was accordingly acoepted about him in n field of 13. Buttons was not without a posse of admirers, who promoted him to sooond place in tbo quotations,' whilo othors identified themselves with Kimborley in the hope that tho New Zcalandor would prove equal to repenting hie Flemington viotory. Soobie humored Bolton by indulging him with tlio lead for the greater part of the jonrnoy, and it was not until My Jack moved alongside that the fnvorito showed an inclination to shift. Bolton aeasod to persevere before ooming to the last lot of hardies, where My ' Jaok hold a commanding lead, whioh lie maintained to tho ond, notwith standing a determined concluding run on tho part of Tim Swivoller. Many pooplo were of opinion that My Jaok would be outclassed in such company, but tho result proved otherwise, and wo- have evidently not yot seen tho host of tho country bred gelding, who has made con siderable improvement sinoe ho has been in the possession of Mr. J. Gove, whoso suceesses with My Jaok and Wliimhrel reflect oreditably on his initiatory efforts as a trainer. Considering it was Tim Swiveilor's third try ovcrhurdles be ran very well, mid but for losing such a lot of ground in jumping he would havo harassed tho winner in tlio run home. Tim Swivollor does not rise to his iiurdios as if tlio task was congenial to liim, yot praotioo may improvo liim in this rospcct, and when he takes more kindly to tho bu9inoss ho is certain to win races for Mr. Davis, whoso colors havo of Into been dead out of luok. Kimborley had no say in the final settlement of affairs, neither was Buttons able to tako a hand in tlio oon'oluding operations. Killnrnoy fell heavily after landing ovor tho hurdles opposite tlio stand, but luckily noithcr rider nor horso woro tho worse for a iitfUe whioh for the time being caused apprehension. Tho field whioh turned out for battle in the Murrumbcena Handicap was iiliovo the average,: and so open did tho oontost appear on' paper that baokers wero in n quandary as to whoro to look for tho probable winnor. Anxious inquiries wore first of all rifo concerning Magio Oircio, hut after cnrcful waiting nud watching tlio betting bourse dovolopod nothing oncouraging in regard to this mare's ohanoe, and tho same oxperieiico was repeated witii such . candidates as The Swell and Villicrs, a pair for whioh tho moro advanced sootions of backers were on tho quivive. Lapstono has of Into run so consist ently and woll that his olniras woro recognised by a becoming measure of support, and specu lators distributed further patronnga between this horso,; Jaok, Aooidont and Moss Rose prior to. .an oloventh hour demonstration boing instituted on behalf of Litigant, who enmo with a genuine rnttlo and started an undisputed favorite. To the dismay of her supporters Litigant wasnover onoe able to tako up a position in tho race, being outpaced from tho jump. IVIiilo tho Oaks horoino was thus oarly in troublo, it was a mattor for sur prise to see a maiden hurdlo rncer like Comedian outting out tbo work from first to last. Tho voternn Sammy Grnoknoil ail but sucoeedod in his runnway tnotios on the outsider, tlio vordiot boing in doubt until Mr;. Woods dooidod in favor of Aooidont by half n head. ' Moss Rose challenged simultaneously witii tho laBt named, and seemed to he going a trifle tho stronger until Gusdin forced her to take n position bohlnd Comedian, who was hugging tho rails. This olovor mancouvro enabled Aooidont to ongogo in a concluding duel with Comedian, and his oxtra stamina carried him through a winner. Aooidont lias made wonderful improvement einoe ho abandoned the ranks of soiling platers, and lie is far and away tho most suooossful handicap horse in his particular olnBS. Oonfidonoe was so leniently hnndieapped for tho Stoopleohnso, having only 8; lb. moro to oarry than wlien ho ran sooond for tho Grand National, that baokors deolarcd almost unani mously for liim, the' support.' extonded to the remaining candidates being of tho most nominal ohnraoter, Liberty ond Deburg being tile only ones whose names wero incidentally montionod in the ring. Tho race did not result in tho oasy thing it lookod for tho favorite, who was closely pushed by Liberty, and only got home by a neok. Deburg stnok woll to tho laBt namod pair till entering the straigh , when lie commenced to loso ground. Tho oourso proved too stiff for Raven and Briglitlight, who eame to grief, while Harrio Aulil dropped hope lessly behind in the firet half mile. Although Tho Bud was a better favorite than Priory for the Selling Raoo, tho last named won easily enough, and on being submitted to tho hammer sho was knooked down to Mr. E. Weokos for £200. Tho Indian trader snbseqnontly disposod of the daughter of Tho Englishman and Convent to Mr. Philip Glenistor for a profit of £10. The hotting whioh preceded tho Kambrook Handi- oap was produotivo of some pcouliar markot developments in conncotlon with Asoot Yale, who was on everybody's lips, and instantly be came all the rago in tho ring, being baoked down to 2 to 1. So strong was tho ordor for him that the markot beonmo exhausted, and it was at tbiB stage of affairs that somo vory knowing people were observed to bo quietly nt work on Littlo Bob, whose prioo shortened with surprising than anything else. Simnltaneously with thia forward movement on tlio part of : Littlo Bob marked hostility was displayed againBt Ascot Vale, who lost his ground hand over fist, nnd at last any odds could be obtained for tho asking. These separate market movements caused some thing of a sensntion, and after tho strong par tiality evinced for Littlo Bob no surprise wns manifostod on seeing him waltz homq the easiost of winners, three lengths in advnnoe of Mul- grove. It was a successfully executed coup, and so dcoieively did tbo winner silonco the Hold opposed to liim thnt people naturally enough wondered what ailed little Bob. at Flemington a week previously. Nasty things were said by thoso who lost their monoy ovor Ascot Vale, ' but tlioy had only themselves to blame in thus trusting implioitly in a horse whoso condition better qualified him for distinotion in a show ring than to oompctc successfully ngaiust a field of thoroughly traihod horses. To day's " moot " is nnnounoed to bo held at Sandown Park, where Mr. Haydon will unfold a programme whioh promisos to beduly appreci ated by thoso who intoud spending the after noon under the flag of the Viotorian Trotting Club. All tho handicaps are well filled, and as the card contains a hurdlo race and stoeplc- cliaeo, there is ovory inducement held out for holiday goers to tako a run down to Sandown Park. It is not unlikoly that a few winners will crop up amongst tho undermentioned horsoB:— HURDLE RACE. Ono mile and five furlongs. MIKADO IL ... ... ... ... 1 TAYFORTH ... ... ... ... 2 MAMBA ... ... . ... ... 3 JULY HANDICAP. Fivo furlongs and a half. EPI ... ... ... ... 1 MARTHA ... ... ... ... 2 AUSTRALIA... ... 3 STEEPLECHASE. Two milds and a half. . LIBERTY ... ... ... ... I pure grit... ... :2 FAT BAOK ... ... , ... .„ 3 SELLING HURDLE RACK Ouo mile and a half. EYRY ... ... ... ... ... 1 STEWPAN ... ... ... ... 2 DIAVOLO' ... ... ... ... 3 SELLING RACE. Five furlongs. NELL COOK or ROSALIND ... 1 ROYALTY ... ... ... ... 2 REWI ... ... ' ... ... 3 SANDOWN PARK HANDICAP. Ono mile. FUSS or VILLIERS ... ... 1 K.O.B. ... ... ... ... 2 ' STAMBOUL ... ... ... ... 3 Excepting that horsos are a year older on 'ovory succeeding first day of Augnst thoro is no othbr signal liuo of demarcation separating ono raoing season from another. It ie perpetual rao- lug from the 1st of , January to the 31st De cember, no pretoaae boing mado ut a cessation of any kind, and this boing tho onso no spcoial significance is attached to tho closing doings of the campaign of 1891-92 at Sandown Park to-day, or to tho opening colcbrations in oonnco- tion with the now season at Mentono on Tues day for tiiat mattor. Usually tlio Gcolong folks undertake the responsibilities inoideiital to tho inaugural ceremony, but tho " PivotoniaiiB " have waived that olaim in favor of tlio Montouo exoantivo on this occasion, thereby deferring their winter reunion till next Saturday, when Mr. Sparrow will bo thoroughly prepared to receive thosd metropolitans who usually favor him with their patronage. The entries are Buoh ae to givo promiso of a sucoessful meeting. . Unusual intorost will be attached to. tho annual meeting of the "Viotoria Raeiitg Club, to bo held on Monday next, bccauso of the kqon oompotition cxpeotqd to take plaoe for the vacancies whioh ocoiir on tho committoo. Tlio retiring'' members nro , Mr. D. S. Wallaco, Mr. William Pearson, Mr. Samuel Gardiner and Mr. A. W. Robertson, ' all of whom offer thomsolves for re-election. Thoro are. also. five other ! candidates in. Mr. Aroliio Yuiilq,; Mr. Matthew O'Slianassy, . Miv W. T. 'Jonos, Mr. J. O. Bowdon and Mr. 'O. D.i O'Halloran. Members will have an excellent field for eeleotion in tbo foregoing nine aspirants, and in viow of the, strong desire : evinced to obtain seatsion tlio committee, tlio result of the ballot will be awaited with Considerable interest,' The committee's .report and bnlaneo sheet ': are highly Batisfaotory, considering' the; wbvo' of financial depression whioh hois passed ovor 'tho oolony during tho last. 12 months, and which has extended its influonoo to the pleasures nnd pastimes of tho people of Victoria as 'well as to trade and commorob.' Notwithstanding dull times no Iosb a sum than £28,037 was distributed in stakes at tho spring "mooting, tlio expensos of whioh absorbed anothor £2806 6s. lOd. Yot AO the meeting showed a profit of £8770 19s. Id., a oiroumstanco whioh bears amplo testimony o£ tho continued popularity of tlio great raoing carnival, despite tho collapse of banks and booms and tlio general finanoial crash whioh has spread a gloom over the entire oolony. The spring meeting was tho only ono whioh resulted in a profit, but this fs no new oxperionco, as will bo gleaned on referonae to previous balance sheets. That the position of tho V.R.O. is eminently sound may bo gathered from the foot that tho olub's assets are within £2040 of the total liabilities. Tho raco for tho Murrumboona Handicap at Caulfield last Saturday was productive of a oouplo of unpleasant inoidents, notably the carpoting of young Dawes for his riding of Jaok. Tho grey gelding scorned outpaocd from tho start, and whatovcr explanation was rendered of tho ancient ono's running the stewards appear to have been satisfied with tho same, as tlioy took no further aotion in tho mattor. Jaok lias proved a most disappointing horse to Mr. H. Yond, for whom ho has performed somo rattling gallops in private, but invariably fails to run up to form whenovor askod to repent tho same -in public. Ho is eminently unreliable, and I sus pect tliis to bo tho reason why so good a judgo as Mr. "Bill" Forrester got rid of him. On vvuiuiug UW auuiu WUUUIUy WUO trC&bGCI; iiiOSfl Rose any tiling but considerately whon ho shunted her in behind Oomediau, oomplainod of boing hit ovor the head with tho whip by Oraok- u oil, but ho did not ontor n oliargc, and tho matter consequently dropped. No eurpriso would have boon manifested had Moss Rose's ridor preferred a ohargo of unfair intcrferonoo on tho part of Ousdin. Had Hayes run socond ho would probably havo done so,' with a fair obanoo of success. , Tho tondonoy on tho part of jookoys to take unwarranted advantages of eaoh other is becoming vory rife, nnd stewards geno- rally should kcop a sharp look out with a view of punishing offenders, and thus check a prac tice which lias been very muoh in vogue of late. Moonee Valley drew olio of its customary big attendances on Wednesday, and -favored with ploasant weather, Mr. Cox sncoeoded in getting through a:. programme . of seven- evente in characteristically expeditious style. The lost Two-yoar-old Handicap of tho season attracted a fairly strong field, and although tho goneral body of bookers declared for Leah on tho strength of her good behavior at Caulfiold on Saturday, sho foil abort of anticipations, the winner turn ing up in Templestowe, who assumed the lead shortly nftor tho stnrt ond won comfortably from Froudo, who was quito unequal to the task of conceding 15 lb to the son of Chester field, who fairly towered ovor the Ncwininater oolt. After Sappho had effectively disposed of tho liliputian brigado whioh opposed her in the Somerton Handicap, Mullyan nnoxpootedly silenood the field arrayed against him in tlio Fairfield Handicap, for whioli Rapid Fire opened favorito at 3 to 1, but ovontually retired to a forlorn prioo, 100 to 1 boing offered in ono particular instance. Under tlio oiicumstnnces it was rather singular to see him run into sooond place.- Had lie not got badly away, ran outside of his horses for tile greater portion of tho journey and got jammed against the rails in the' endeavor to take nil inside position at tho homo turn, Rapid Firo could soarcely Imv-e lost. As matters eventuated surprise was expressed at tho Tosmaninn finishing whoro lie did, but there would havo boon nothing short of a commotion in certain quarters had he happened to havo got homo. As littio as 3 to 2 was acoepted about Iris in a Gold of 11 for tho Stcopleehnse, and tlio favorite succeeded in get ting homo all right from G'ampordown, who was the only one eapablo of sticking to tlio winner during tlio last half mile of tlio journey. It transpired that Oampcrdown went inside a post, for wliieli ho was distanced and second money awardod to St. Elmo. In the Selling Flat Raoo Eldorado upset an odds on favorite in Labor and afterwards found a now ownor in Mr. W. A. Filgato for £115. Labor's doad heat at Aspen- dale and his subsequent raoo at Caulfield has evidently told a tele on liim. Wiora was thought to bo a good even inonoy ohanoo for tho More- land Handicap, but her baekerB reckoned without Yarmou, who had too muoh paoo for tlio favorite in tho run home. Legacy and Sun beam were heavily backed for tho Coburg Handioap, for the 14.1 olass, the first named of whioh won from bor stable companion, Bronze- wing, who, in addition to making the running, pulled out in a most accommodating manner at tho liqino turn for tho purpose of giving Legacy the inside running. In doing this good tnrn for hor companion Bionzowing carried out Minnio, who would most cortainly havo won but for this interforonac. Minnie's owner lodged a protest against. Legaoy and Bionzowing, who aro supposed to bo in the Bame intorest although differently nominated, but after a lengthy inquiry the stewards overruled tho objeotinn. It afterwards transpired that tho stewards were anything but unanimous in their vcrdiot, tlio protest only boing dismissod by a majority of one vote. Owners having horsos engagod in the Mel- bonrno Onp and who are not desirous of incur ring any furthor liability in oonnootion there with will require to mako tbeir declarations known to tho soorotary of tho V.R.C., A.J.O., Canterbury Jockey Club or Auokland Raoing Club before 4 o'clook on Monday noxt, 1st August. Mr. Wall solicits the patronage of owners for tho meeting to bo held at Wyndham on 11th August.' The programme oontaiiis live events, mado up 'of tho Maidon Plato, of 40 bovs. ; Sell ing Hurdlo Race, of 70 bovs.; Selling Stakes, of 70 soy's.; Stooplcohaso, of 70sovs.; and Winter Handioap; of 50 sovs. Entries close' at the office of tho V.R.O. at 4 p.m., and at tho Werribce Club Hotel, Werribee, at 8 p.m., on Monday, 1st August;- ' b.-. v> , \- The Viotorian Club havo arranged to hold n raoo mooting at Caulfiold on tho 20th August, for whioh ' tho' following' programme has been prepared Hurdlo , Race, 100 sovs., ono mile and fivo furlongs; Two-year-old Handioap, 100 eovs., three' furlongs and a half ; Viotorian Club Handioap, 150 bovs,, one milo and a quarter and a distanoo ; Selling' Raoo, 150 sovs., seven fur- I longs ; Stcopleohase, 150 sovs., two miles ; and Plying Handicap, lOOsovs., fivofurlonga anil a half. Entries close un Monday, tlio 8tli August, Slid the weights will be deoiarcd a week later.. At the fortnightly meeting of tho V.H.G. rommittco held on Monday tho protest which had boon lodged against , New man boing deolared winner of tho "Win ter Handicap, run at Flemlngton on the Bth inst., wns dismissed. Tho objection was based upon tho namo of Newman's dam not boing given on nomination. It is understood that tho owner and. breeder of Newman has on eaoh occasion of entering him given the pedigree .merely as by Nowminster, being in doubt as to bis maternity. . Tho V. R. C. committee have endorsed the following disqualifications made by tho Mooroopna Booing Olub B, Britten, rider, for 6 months ; T. Hockey, owner, and bay gelding Johnny for 3 months from 1st July. Also, J. Britton, owner and ridor, 6 months, and bay gelding Chnnco 3 months, from tho samo date. Tho block and whito livery of Mr. IV. Pearson was very mnch in evidence at the lost Sale meet ing, when "Wolf and Hyrena ran first and second for tho Trial Stakes and Mao gained an easy victory in the Hurdle Bace. It is thus pleasing to know that the Kilraany Park stable is gradually assorting itself again since Bowlings assumed ohange. Messrs. "W. 0. Yuille and Co.'s annual parade and Bale of thoroughbreds will take place at Newmarket on Wednesday next, and judging of the splendid list of entries published by the firm the show promises to bo equally as at tractive as any of its predecessors. The collection will embrace throughbred stallions, hunting and station Hires, brood mares and racing ponies. The procession of thoroughbred stallions will of itself form an imposing spcotaclc with Buoh conspicuous figures as Tranter, Churchill, Tradition, Corytbns, Clonard, Elland, Oboldean, Calma, Scottish Chief and others. Larry II. was withdrawn from tho CaulSold Grand National Hurdle Bace and Steepleobase immediately the weights appeared. The hurdlo racer Boonoko was sold by Messrs. W. 0. Yuillo mid Co. on Monday to Mr. J. D. M'Dougall for 77£ guineas, and Mazurka to Mr. C. Glasscock for 16 guineas. Messrs. Campbell and Sons havo sold Cocks foot, by Flenr de Lis — Allegro, to Mr. E. Ansteo for 43j guinens, and tho rnoing pony Yallook, byFirobeli, to Mr. 0. Glasscock for 9i guineas. A bet of £500 to £250 has been aceepted about Bcdleap for the Caulficld Grand National Steeplechase, with a start. Commotion, ICimberley and Camperdown havo been struck out of tho Caulficld Grand National Stecpleoliasc, and Boyalist, Simon, Commotion, Kimbcrlcy and Captain "Webb withdrawn from the Grand National Hurdle Bace. Aborgylo iB gradually recovering from the injuries he received in tho Grand National Hurdle Race, and ho has been able to take regular walking exercise during the present wook. His near foreleg still retains a disfigured appoarnncc, however, and the Western district horse will not be able to carry a racing jacket for soma timo to come. Highborn is said to have arrived safely in India. Mr. Enston, the well known American dealor in blood stock, recently sold 474 yearlings for an average of 220 guineas, and 53 Bell Meade year lings for £22,000. Messrs. Campbell and Sons will hold their annual snie of imported and colonial bred thoroughbreds and various other stook at the City Home Bazaar, Sydney-road on Tuesday next. The catalogue contains a valuable collec tion of Irish hunting, Cleveland, roadster, trot ting and pony sires. The New Zealand hurdlo racer. Captain Abram, has joined Mr. I. T. Carslake's team at Coalfield. Tho half yearly meeting of membors of tho Montone Racing Club takes place next Monday. The committee have a satisfactory balance sheet to present, the meetings held during tho past six months showing an aggregate profit of £1128 6s. 6d. Tho committee managing the race meeting recently held nt Caulficld for the relief of the distress nt. present existing met at the V.R.G. office on 27th inst., and dccidotl to distribute tho profits (which amounted to £1278) as follows : — Richmond nnd East Molbourno Ladios' Benevo lent Sooiety, £100 ; Melbourne da, £50 ; Prahran, South Yarra and Toorak do., £100; St. Hilda do., £50 ; Brighton do., £50 : Haw thorn do., £30 ; Northcotedo., £50 ; Malvern do., £30; Brunswickdo., £80 ; South Molbourno do., £75 ; Port Melbourne do., £50 ; Williams- stown do., £30 ; Preston do., £20 ; Essendon do., £50 ; Fiomington nnd Kensington do., £25; Footscrny do., £50 ; Oamborwell do., £20; Kow do., £25 ;'Oakloigh do., £10; Mayor of Melbourne's Fund, £100. Tiio following dona tions were also made, though not applied for : — Collingwood Ladies' Benevolent Sooioty, £100 ; Fitzroy do., £50 ; Carlton do.; £59 ; North Malbourne do., £83. At a committee meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club, held on Wednesday, the balance sheet presented showed £434 to credit and a profit of £361 for the year. On Monday next Mr. Goorgo Mayger will rooeivc nominations for the meeting to be held nt Epsom on Tuesday, 9th August Tho pro gramme consists of a Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs.,. Hurdle Baoo, of 70 sovs.; Epsom Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Imperial Handicap, of 35 sovs., for 14.2 horses ; Selling Bace, of 75 sovs.; Hunters' Stccplechnse, of 60 sovs., and Mordialloo Han dicap, of 70 sovs. 1 Mr. J. B. Crooko lias issued the following programmo for tho mooting to be hold at Aspen- dale onl6th August;— Long Bench Handicap, of 35 sovs.; Hurdlo Bace, of 50 sovs.; Welter Handicap, of 35 sovs.; Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; .14 Hands Handicap, of 35 sovs., and Aspen- :dalo Park Handicap, of 50 sovs. Tho . meeting will dooide the Placo Prize, of 50 sovs., givon annually by Mr. - Crooko to tho trainer who secures tho greatest number of places (with horses trained by himself) in tho races held at Aspondaie Park from the February to August 1 meetings. Entries, oloso on 8th August. Mr. Harrio Smith will on Monday next receive nominations for tho. following events, to be ran . for at tho Caulfield Ginnd National meeting Sapling Stakes, of 100 sovs.; Soiling Race, of 150 so vs., aud Balaclava Stakes, of 150 sovs. The Goodwood Cup, run for on Thursday, was won by Mr. Douglas . Baird's Martagon, with the Duko of Westminster's Blue Groon second, and. Colonel North's Colorado : third. Martagon's previous yiotory was in tho Gold Vase, at Ascot. . Singapore, Buttons and Litigant have been withdrawn. from; their. Sundown Park engage ments. v. Warwiok nnd Metooritc have been withdrawn from the .Caulfield . Cup and the Melbourne Cup, . Messrs. W. O. Yuillo and Co. (through Messrs. Oampboll and Sons), yesterday sold tho racing pony Qucon to Mr. R. K. Mnitland, for 100 guineas. As the appeal against Logaoy . being declared the winner of the Coburg Handicap run. at Moonce Valley on Wednesday, of wliioh notice was given on the course, has not been hoard of atthoV.R.C. olfico, it is generally supposed that tho mattdr .has been "sottled out of court." Mr. William M'Cullooli, M.L.C., will ho a welcome addition to the ranks of Viotorian studmastere. Ho displayed good judgment by going to England for the nucleus of his stud, as all our greatest racehorses arc the immediato progeny of imported stock. Mr. M'Culloch purobascd tho following brood mareB at the rcoent sale of tho well known Marden stud, established by tho lato Mr. Humo AVeb- stor : — _ , _ Gns. Lady (1880), by Beau Brummel— Lady Fair ; covered by Sir Buvys, with a b f by Sir Bovys ; foalcil 10th March 135 Kate Dalrymple (1887), by Cbilderic— Knte Craig ; covered by St. Honorat 140 Marden Lass (1886), by lleaudesert— Cornelia covered by St. Ilonornt 160 Rugeley (1887), by Boandesert— Tlie Inch; covered by Sir Bcvys, with a b f bySirBevys; foaled 29th March 410 There were altogether 52 mares disposed of at tho Mardon sale, anil inoluding their foals they averaged 186 guineas. The Derby winners, Sir Bcvys and George Frederiek, obnnged bands at tho sama timo for 500 guineas and 65 guineas respectively. Tho Special Commissioner thus refers to the sales in quostion : — " The end was now near, and poor old Gcorgo Frederick was called from his lifo of luxury to faoe tho music of Mr. Tattersall's hammer. I must own that tho Derby winner of 1874 looks older out of his box than in it, but ho is just completing a season which has been a heavier one for him than ho has cxporionccd for some years past, and ho may freshen up presently. Within tho last year or two he has bccomo blind, but that does not so much matter. I call to mind that his sire, Marsyas, was serviceable to a some years greater age than that to which George Frederick has attained, aind if Mr. Gny Botbcll (who this afternoon performed the unexampled feat of buying a Derby winner, in full possession of his powers and the sire of great winners, for 65 guineas) gets a rioh return I shall not be at all surprised. George Frederick, however, is of course a mere speculation ; Sir Bevye, with a last year's foal list' of 23 and a largo number of good mures to' him this year, is a certainty for tho future. He has no wiunors just now because ho has no stook, or noxt to noue ; noxt year the stock will bo winning, and nftor that ho will go l iglit ahead. He is only 16 years old, a Dorby winner, half brother to Hampton and himself tho siro of such as Morglay and Piimroso Day; yot 500 guineas was all he realised ; this was downright ridicu lous, and every mail who was present this "afternoon will say so too boforo noxt year is ovor — if tho horso lives. St. Honorat has not dono wall, so 600 guineas, as priocs ruled, was not outrageously little for him. How prices ebb aud flow ! Lord Cnl- thorpe gn vo 4000 guineas for St. Honorat as a 2-year-old ; poor Webster subsequently bought him for 400; a year later I was authorised to offer him to an American buyer for 1500, but no sale 'resulted; anothor year" and Webster actually refused an offer of 7000 guineas for him! This was after the groat sale of St. Honorat yearlings in 1890. Now ho goes for 600, which is, after all, 200 more than he cost Webster." For years past a lending attraction in London hns beon tho Sportsman's and Industrial Exhibition, held annually. Hitherto nothing of the kind has beon attempted in Australia, but it is now announced that suoh an exhibition will be opened in tho Melbourne Exhibition Building at Cup time, to run for several wcoks thereafter. In addition to exhibits, of every olass .of sport nnd pastime pro duced in Europe, America and the Austra lian colonies, it is intended that conoerts, athletic and gymnastic contests, band compe titions and other popularly attraotivo entertain ments shall be held every day and evening during tho ourreney of the exhibition. A French paper relntes an incident which oeourrod at the end of tho Paris June Mooting, and whioh has caused a certain sensation in racing circles. King Milan, who resides in Paris, bad an "accumulator "on the Thursday's raees, and the possible viatory of Fablo, who wsb engaged iu tho Prix do Marnos, tlio soiling raoe, nnd the last event but ono on tho oard, would havo secured him his bet of 6000 to 200 sovs. laid him by M. Matthyscns. The latter, however, provious to the Prix do Marncs, oaused Fablo to bo olaimed through M. do Saint Alary, who had Adelanto running in tho race. Fable cost a little over a thousand pounds, and M. Matthysens, who, contrary to custom, had not hedged any of his bets, was ablo to get out of tho mess and saerifico but a small amount of money comparatively, since ho sold Fablo again to H. Andrews, tho Ramboulllet trainor. King Milan, in whom his subjeots have certainly lost a man of great ability, was somewhat astounded at the manner in whioh his combination had collapsed. He thought it was very strange that anyono should havo given suoh a prieo for Fable, when tho mare could have beon bought during the Grand Prix wook for about half that sum. He asked M. da Saint Alnry for whom ho had olaimed Fable, and by degrees ha traced tho withdrawal of the maro to M. MntthysenB, who stated: that he had been informed before tho weighing operations commenced in tbu Prix da Marncs, that Livio II. would not run, and that being unable to put nny money on Fablo ho was compelled to ask Count do Turenno to olnim her for him. M. Matthysens asserts that ho has done nothing underhanded, that ho wont openly to work, nnd was, of course, anxious to save his £6000, adding that King Milan had won nearly £5000 from bim during tho Grand Prix wook, and that since he bad undertaken a silly and dangorous affair, ho had triod to got out of it in tlio best manner possible. King Milan, how, ever, brought .the question before tho. Salon dos Courses,..' and M. Matthysens wns ordered to pay tlio King £1320. \- , Count Lahons, tlio French sportsman; who was '.'warned :off" some time' since, at: tho request of tlio Pau stewards, and. who. com menced an action against thorn, has coine off with flying colors. The sentence passed on him was confirmed by the steepleobase society, but the latter has inserted a notice in tho Bulletin Ojjlcicl, reinstating Count Lahons at the request of tho Pau stewards, who admit that their judgment was formed too hastily, and that tho ovidcnco Conut Lahons produced has led them to alter their decision. Most of tho French papors deplore tho authority routed in rncn stewards, who havo it in their power, actuated by pique on the part of somo friend, to disgrace a man for lifo by excluding him from among his fellowmen on the turf. They are agitating for a reform of racing law. The Live Stook Journal has an interesting article on Our Ponies, in which tha writer points out the increased demand for high class ponies. Tho Prinoo of "Wales has recently taken to riding and driving ponies, and they are be coming fashionable. Four polo ponies were recently sold for £800. Tho writer saw foiir ponies sold at Tattersall's for £1000, nnd ono other fetched £300. He commends these faotB to the notico of fanoiors and breeders, and to tho user ho points out that the pony costs less to keep than a big horse, will often tire one for work in tho streets, is usually more surefooted, is less subjeot to lameness, sickness, infection or diseaso, that a pony is seldom known to become a roarer and generally lives to a great ago. Tho Hackney pony is a modoin introduction, although a pair of the stamp of Mr. Burdett- Coiitt's Lord Nimrod would look superb in the Park. Tho old breeds are tho Conncmara, tha Shetland; the AVolsh, tlio Now Forest nnd the Exmoor. The Shetland is usually a dooilo and often a sluggish little beast. Tho Connemnra, whioh Mr. Buraett-Coutts has set himself to improve, is smart and swift nnd enduring, as those know who have ridden bohind specimens of the rnco in Irish jaunting cars. Tho "Welsh ponies are both sturdy and smart, and by a judicious blending of tho races and an occasional cross of thoroughbred or Haokncy blood good results might be obtained, and a saleable nrticlo provided. Twenty-flvo pountta is provorbinlly known ns the prico of "a pouy," but high class ponies now bring double this. 