BRITISH AMD FOSSICK. Daring 1890 there were built in. the United States 8,800 churches. Mrs. Jacob Bright has become an associate of the Theosophical Society. Miss Bright is a member. The Archbishop of York is said to have in vited a number of young graduates to go to Bishopthorpe this year, when he will undertake the starting of a theology college, or of a band of young men trained under his eye at the palace, as the late Bishop Lightfoot did at Durham. The correspondent of the London Times in Borne says that the recent celebration of low mass by the Fope in the presence of 25,000 foreign pilgrims and others, in St. Peter's, was the most imposing public ceremony that has been seen in the capital since its occupation by the Italians in 1870. In consequence of the decision of the magis trates in connection with the Salvation Array coses at Eastbourne, in Sussex, England, the "Wesloyan denomination thero have determined to test the legality of open air services. It is expected that all the Nonconformist bodies will support them. Lord Stamford preached in St. Botolph's Church, Aldersgate, on November 18, in his capacity of a diocesan lay reader. He wore a surplice with the hood of an Oxford M.A., and ♦he badgo of the new order. The subject of the sermon, which was especially addressed to businessmen, was " Foreign Missions." Tho population of the Fiji Islands is esti mated at 123,000. Of these 103,775 attend tho services of tho "Wosleyan churches, and about 10,000 are Catholics. There are 40,000 children in the schools, under the care of 1,095 teachers, and there are 10 European missionaries, 72 native ministers, 49 catecliists, 1,838 local preachers. This is the way an American minister prayed recently for some of his flock: " O Lord, wc pray that the excursion train going cast on the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad this morning may not run off tho truck and kill any church members that may bo on hoard. Church mem bers on Sunday excursions are not in condition todie,"&c.; Miss Bose, of the Zenana Missionary Society, gave on interesting address, illustrated by limelight views, on the work of tho society at a crowded meeting held at the Church House, Denbigh, on November 17. Miss Bose gavo a vivid account of life in India, and also spoke of tho manner in which the labour of the society could be supported. The income of the American Board of Com missioner!! for Foreign Missions, recently held ita annual meeting at Pittsfield (Mass.), was 824,612 dollars. The board asks for around million of dollars for next year. The liberality of converted Chinamen in Boston is putting to shame many American Christians, the average amount received from them per convert being 11* dollars, though they give largely to other religions enterprises. The Scandinavian Lutheran bodies united last year to form the United Norwegian Synod. The second convention of this body has recently been held, and it is fonnd that the union has so far worked harmoniously and without friction. The synod has 241 pastors, 830 congregations, 150,000 communicant mem bers, a synodical fond of £22,000. Fifty new congregations were received and 26 young men were ordained at tbe meeting. The "Wesley memorial chair, presented by Christ Church College of Oxford to the American University at Washington, U.S.A., was made out of an oaken beam taken from the old City road Chapel in London, which was founded by John Wesley. It is constructed in the old English style, high-backed and capaci ous, heavy and massive.- The back is sur mounted by a spread-eagle, bearing on its breast the coat-of-arms of the United States. The arms represent winged lions, while on the back is a medallion head of John Wesley. The upholstering is in embossed leather. Mis.* Barlow is the lady superintendent of the mission housein connection with St.AugustineV Stepney, and in the mission room there is small museum filled with articles brought from the EaBt by Mhi Barlow—curiosities collected in the Holy Land and elsewhere. Six other ladies live in the mission house with her, and work in the parish; they are Miss Brett, Mrs. Hewson, Miss Pickering, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. Espie, and Nurse Lowe, and Miss Brett is also ! the lady manageress of the St. Katherine's Clab for girls and teachers in the Sunday school, &c.;, who fully appreciate its advantages. Miss May Riddall, daughter of the Rev. W. Riddall, D.D., has been granted a studentship : of £75 a year for four years to enable her to qualify herself for medical mission work from the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. Miss May Riddall is 21 years of age, and intends to study medicine at Glasgow, and afterwards to go out under the Church Mis sionary Society. A similar studentship has likewise been granted to Miss Ella Steel, who desires to work in India in connection with the ! Delhi Zenana Mission. Miss Steel has passed the first university examination of the Dublin University, and is desirous now of taking the M.B. degree at London University. A trustworthy computation has now been made as to the results of the recent Salvation Army " self-denial week." About £22,000 has been subscribed by the United Kingdom, £17,000 of this by Salvationists, tho rest by the public. As compared with last year, there is an increase in the Salvationist contributions, and a decrease on those of the general public. Last year the whole proceeds of "self-denial week " amounted to £30,000. When the foreign contributions are ascertained, it is ex pected that the gros3 total will amount to about £33,000, or £3,000 advance on last year. The fact that Mr. Booth has obtained £10,000 in Australia in aid of his social scheme has gratified, but not surprised, his chief officers in London, for, next to England, the Salvationists claim that they have made the most progress in Aus tralia. An Italian magazine publishes ax letters written by Pio Nono to Cardinal Poledori. They are interesting as having been written when Pio Nono was only Bishop of Imola, de fending Tmnqplf from the accusation of being a Liberal. Two others relate to Mastai's nomi nation as Nuncio to Paris, which he did not accept for reasons expressed in these letters. " The first," wrote Pio Nono, " is the question of the language, which I speak badly and write worse. The second is a weakness of memory, which sometimes fails me even on interesting occasions. The third is the fear of finding myself in contact with a clergy respect able both as to virtue and doctrine, among whom I doubt whether I could uphold my high office with sufficient dignity." The letters are very spontaneous and vivacious. The London Weslejan East End Mission, : which is tinder the superintendence of the Rev. Peter Thompson, held its annual meetings at St. George's on November 18. Great interest was taken by leading Wesleyans in the pro ceedings, which were somewhat interfered with by the unfavourable weather. A devotional : meeting was held atnoon, followed by luncheon ! at the old Mahogany Bar. At th: afternoon ; meeting reports of the social and medical work of the mission were presented, an 1 addresses were given by the Kev. "W, Stepb. oson, Miss Steer, and others. In an interest!. - report of what the Rev. Peter Thompson calls a " Re cord of "Work," full details arc ^• -en of the past year's doings, and in view of the future, i £3,000 is required to meet the growingdevelop ! ment of tho work. A number of leading ; ministers and laymen took part in the evening : meeting, which was largely attended. I In "The Review of tho Churches" for November there ispublishedtheconclusionofits i "Round Tabic Conference," in which authori- I ties so widely parted in temperament and doc- ! trine as Cardinal Manning, Dr. Martineau, and j Dr. A. B. Bruce state their views on the subject of " The Reunion of Christendom." After re- j minding his readers of the Catholic doctrine of | the universality of grace, Cardinal Manning goes j on to say: " Thus far I can lav a basis on j which to write and to hope with all your con tributors. TVe believe that the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers into union with God, and to eternal life, all those who faithfully co-operato with His light and grace. A one arc responsible for dying incul visiblo Body of the Church. pably out of the • They only are culpable who knowingly and wilfully reject its divine voice when sufficiently known to them. But I must not go on, for you are seeking union iu agreements, and I have no will to strike a discordant note." He continues : "I have two great advantages. I can hope and embrace you in the Soul of the Church, and I can rejoice in all, and gladly share in many of your good works.'' Dr. Mar tin eau expresses the belief that no Re-union of Christendom can take place till the dogmatic basis of Church organisation has been aban doned. The death is announced of Bishop Crowther, of the Niger Territory. "Men and "Women of the Time" has the follow ing history of tho deceased prelate: The Right Rev. Samuel Adjai Crowther, D.D., Bishop of Niger Territory, is a native of Africa. His history, extending over TO years or more, from a state of abject servitude to the episcopate, is a very romantic one. original name was Adjai, and his family lived atOchugn, in the Yoruba country, 100 miles inland from the Bight of Benin. In 1821 he was carried off by the Eyo Mahometans, was exchanged for a horse, was again exchanged at Dohdah and cruelly treated, was then again sold as a slave for some tobacco, was captured by an English ship of war, and landed at Sierra Leone 1822. He was baptised in 1825, taking tho names of the Erangelical vicar of. Christ Church, Newgate street, Samuel Crowther. In 1829 he married Asano, a native girl, who had been taught in the same school with him. He was then for some years school master of Regent's Town, and subsequently accompanied the first Niger expedition. Arrived in England, he was sent to the Church Missionary College, Islington, and was ordained by the Bishop of London. In 1854 he accompanied the second Niger expedition, of which he wrote a very able account. He was afterwards an active clergyman at Akessa, translated the Bible into Yorubn, and under took various other literary works of a religious, character for the benefit of his African brethren. He was consecrated firstBishop of Niger Terri tory, West Africa, June 29, 1864. In May, 1880, the council of the Royal Geographical Society awarded a gold watch to Bishop Crowther '' in recognition of the services he has rendered to geography." 