Holroyd Mission Church. Opening Ceremony. THIS church, erected on land given by Messrs. Broughcon Bros., ia situate in the New Birmingham subdivision of the Holroyd Estate, within a short distance of Sherwood Scrubs, the residence of Mr. J. E. Ives, M.P., and was opened on Saturday last for divine service, in the presence of u full congregation. The Lord Bishop of the Diocese preached the sermou, tbe otber clergymen taking part being Archdeacon Giinther, the Rev. Dr. Harris, Rev. J. O'Conor (Smlthfield), Bev. S. G. Fielding and the Bev. J. Vaughan. The foundation-stone of the edifice—whioh is of weatherboard, roofed with Sherwood tiles —was laid on Wednesday, April 20, by Archdeacon Giinthet, so that no timo has been lost in its erection. The committee, consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Giinther, Bev. J.Yavghan, Messrs. E. Harrison (treasurer), W. Harrison, J. Thomas, T. 3. Sargent and H. 3. Collins (hon. sec.), have worked as one man in bringing to a successful issue the object in view. When it is stated that, wiLh the exception of the payment of a few weeks' Wages in order to expedite matters, the whole of tbe work has been done by the members of the committee themselves, it will be readily understood, that tbe work has been a laborious one, and that great oredit is (lue to the members for their self-denying efforts. Treasurer Harrison has been recognised as the architeot and masterbuilder, and under hie instructions his colleagues have worked harmoniously and well. The church is 30ft. long by 20ft. in width. The tiles, with which it is roofed, were presented by Mr. Cook, of tbe Sherwood Tila Works. The proceedings on Saturday commenced at 2.30 p.m., the consecration service being performed by the Bishop. The Ten. Archdeacon b unther read the prayers of the Evening Service, i the lesson being read by the Rev. Dr. Hams. The PUIHATE then preached the sermon from the Acts "of ttfe "Apostles, 1-S,—Uut ye Bfeall receive power after that the Holy.Ghost-come upon "you*;' abd Xe Shall * be .witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Jndea, and in Samaria, and -unto tbe uttermost paitsof 'the earth:"—Tbe Primate expressed his pleasure at being present for the purposB of assisting in the first service in the pew Mission Cburcb. He was glad to know, too, that the people of tbe place tad raised -the Church themselves; it -showed • that their heariB Were' in the work. Thanks Were . idUe also 1 to the donors of the land, and of the riles for the roof. There was; indeed, cause to rejoice at ths manner, in which the ,work had been, undertaken and Carried out,' and be trusted that sll who had begun tbe work would continue to labour'for-the .cause of .Christ. In the course bt bis sermon, .which Was .of a simple, but earnest charsdtei, the Primate directed '-the attention' di the cphgregation to' three'- leading''points,' viz., What is our witness? How. sb^ll we .bear witaess f When , shall we bear this witness f He showed that tuen munt witness unto Christ. If they didso^^they Were witnessesun to the Truth. Then men should show how they bote witness, : by their lives, by living in the light of tbe -Truth. The Christian at the start of his career ; was apt to wish j tbal he could teach and preach '.more and try to persuade others to take a ; deeper interest in the work of tbe Church. The preacher asked his bearers to remember that by simply but genuiudy living SB Christians they were doing God's work, and were ia- :fiuencingsome,perhaps, whocould not be io- .fiuenced by either teacher ox preacher. Every {Christian man or woman'possessed a leavening iinfiuencelor XfoS. , When"shall 'we bear witness ft,'....This should be done not only in the 'solemn services and ordinances of -the Church, but men should be living witnesses to Christ alwavt. Whatever people did, or wherever they 1 were, tbey thould never for an instant neglect to Bpeak and to act, as being in the gight'of .God ; ever remembering tbat, men iwould-be really and truly bearing witness to the light and the Tiuth. j Injpjbeing the Primate,said he could notpart 'froui.Jthem -wtth-a bitter wieh thSA that tbe jlittle. Church opened"«6 MipSciously that after- >noon|fiigfit tie. the 'means ^of tbaib^g.-qp |b jspiritfealiifA tot the Jbeoptt^livi^^in Ba itrictMid hb ahdrteiih'n (beareto. wmues of thi^c of^eifjgsoeiided "Lord— to go to him-for- aidand succour. Mr. j&thii;^ jgaesey'^jfesldea at'.ttfe'o'rgan, rwas afely .assisiaTia thp muai(»l portiou of J^serrioe by several members of bt. John's C&eai-ji;'; ;-!.;:•-;.: ••:,••.:.• ... . ,. • i?he'inipfOa>ptu reading-desk was tastefully de&liite;^riai^owfei^' ' li imust be very 'gratifying - lo -the. Ten. Archdeacon Guntber, and to -a acarce leu extent to;'thfi'^people of St. John's parish,, to know that this Church is the! 13th fir 14th' eccleuaitioal -edifice ereoted in .the parish during the Aiohdeabon's iocutobency of St. John'e. Priorto the'opening service a debt'of jabopt £20 onlvjemainedpn the buiiding. The.collection M&eri;' tip at the Service rbalised £9 lis 3d^Sfia j asMr.£ E.Ivesibf Bherwood^Scrubs, has promised; a dpnattoirof "the building may be ionsld^r^d free pf 3e*bt j "but f unds are required for '' ms&iiig; -further imprbvfemente, providing s«£Si^Hra6inmoaaUdii, Ac. The Primate announced that be would be pleased to give a further donation, when the Committee ,Iaid the state of the finances before him. In commemoration of the event Archdeacon Gunther presented each of the'^workers* with a hymn book. . , k 