CONSTANCE. j _ i 11 Y F. C. PHILIPS, Author of 14 The Dean und his Daughter/' 44 As in a Looking-glass," &c;,, &e.; 0 IT A PTE II XNNVI1I. The hours wore themselves away and still Daphne slept, unTl still Constance kept watch by her side. How quiet shown — her face flushed and her little hands hot and burning. Constance was alarmed and tried to rouse . lmr. Daphne opened her eyes and lixed . t hem dully upon her. ami then closed them ! again. Rofore another nightfall she was tossing and moaning do iriously. 41 Oil, how ihauki'ul I am t came," Con stance said to tin: doctor, who was hastily summoned. u Poor child, poor child." Hut Daphne was blessed with a good con stitution although she was so fragile, and -.vas soon out of danger, but she was very weak and would require the greatest care for a long time to come. And all this time nothing had been heard of Mr. Armitagc. While Daphne lay dangerously ill, Con stance dan: not leave her, and she would trust no pen and ink medium. She must see her brother-in-law herself. '' Get well quickly, my child, and leave me to make your peace with tie aid," she said. 'The tears coursed down Daphne's pale cheeks. " He will never forgive me," she sobbed. u ( know he never can." It was six days since Daphne left her home when Constance found herself with a quickly-beating heart at Mr. Armitage's house. He was at home, aud hearing voices opened the door of the salon. ' I bring you news of Daphne, Gerald, " she said, extending her hand, but he did not offer to take it. 4% You know 1 " he ejaculated. 41 Have you heard from her, then / " 44 She has been with me." "With you 7 Where, then, has that' scoundrel 7" j -'Hush — be patient, and I will telL you all." It was a pitiful tale. Gloss it over as carefully as she might the erring girl had gone woefully astray, and Gerald's face grew bard and rigid. " Why have I heard nothing for so long? Surely you must have known, Constance, the anxiety and suspense I must be eudur- Aud then she to1d of Daphne s illness, and how terribly weak she was still. " She sent you a message ; shall I give it to you I" " No. Mr. Armitagc rose from his chair and began to pace up and down the room. 44 L thank God she is not the guilty wretch I believed her to be, but by her own confes sion she is a wicked, treacherous woman, and wile ot mine no loncer. Luther do as she pleases, aud (ro where she will, she shall never eomo back here." li Think what you are wi-ying," pleaded Constailce. " If you could only kuow how peinieiii sue is, ana wnat a lesson she has inul. Believe me there is a chance of happi ness for you both in the future." kl Life holds nothing for me henceforth." 4i He pitiful — remember she knew so little i oc flic world, she was like a child who plays with lire all unconscious of danger. This , man flattered her, made her believe that ! he was desperately enamored of her, ap pealed lo her vanity, -not her heart. When the veil was torn away, and she saw lum as he. was. a vile seducer, she shrank away in horror and loathing, andjjnow — oh, Gerald, it lies in your own hands — the future. You will forgive und take her back k4 I can not. Constance, you don't know what, you are risking. 1 loved and trusted hor ; L left her with my kisses on her lips, and she — she kiss-M im: back, kiss for kiss, and so, like another Judas, betrayed me. it , is beyond me t o forgive." 4 Is your love then dead 7 Was it so slight, so poor a tiling that at the lirsl breath of dishonor it perished V His head fell uii his hands. 'Niiail I tell you what she bid mo sav. Gerald i ' No. Constance. Tho time for pretty j speeches and soft words has gone by. My miml is made up. 1 will never voluntarily see my wife again. She has outraged me beyond the power of man to forgive. I believe in her innocence so far as actual enmuiuhtv goes, but 1 could never trust her newm : ihereiore a life spent side by Bide v.ouui no ndoleraule lor vw both." (.unstauee iv uj from hor ehnir und crossed I the ."ooiii soldi v to his side. 4i 1 must give ! you hcAr message, because I promised to do i SO," she said gently. "After that, if you still wish if, I will go hack to her. 1 Toll him that 1 know anil see how wrung have been/ she said, 4 and ask him to pardon mo for tbc sake of our unborn child.' " 44 What I" He sprang to Iub feet, the color Hooding his face aud he seized Constance's hands in both his own, wrung them hard, ;\nd turned away that she might, ma see the tenr.H that were blistering his cheeks. worald Armiiage and his sister-in-law arrived in Amiens late that same evening. Daphne had missed her kind liute terribly, and wus nervously awaiting her .sentence. t>he felt weak and ill, and when t.lie door opened and she saw her husband standing on . the threshold, she put out her arms with a lii'tle cry of gladness and fell upon his breast. "Constance shut the door softly and left them together. " It was worth coming for," she whispered, as sue went slowly down the corridor to her own room, " Uiere. is a chance of happiness for them both now, and this terrible lesson will not have been in vain." And then, for almost the first time rinee she left England, she allowed her thoughts to stray to .Basil, and a little anxiety stole over lmr, Hhe had written one brief note ' io him, explaining her absence .somewhat; vaguely, and giving him her address at Les ; 'L'ruis Princes, touching lightly on tlomest-ie troubles and fixing an early day for her re turn home : and to this no answer had come. 'It, was a little strange, tuo, that Miss Haillie had not written. Hiwhably the morrow would bring letters from both ; but as peace and sunshine came back to Daphne aud her husband, a dim foreboding of trouble in store for herself took possession of her, and when two days passed away and still there was silence, she could control herself no longer, and wireu to i'HiglamJ. " Is all well I I am anxious." But that, too, remained unanswered. " I must go back, 1 am quite sure something is wrong," she said with a trembling iip. 44 Dear Daphne, do not ask me to linger. I must go." The following day Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Armitagc returned to Paris, and tlie very next train bore Constance to England. Ir, was uot. until long afterwards that Daphne learned what had transpired after her elopement. Iler husband had not seen her at the statiou as it chanced, and hurried home blithe and light- hearted. Then to his surprise he found his wife missing, but beyond a momentary disappointment lie Attached no importance to it, expecting every moment that she would return. Hut when the hours passed by and still she was absent he grew extremely anxious. Upon inquiry lie fouud that she had gone out early in the afternoon, ostensibly to .Mine, jjortensc. Mr. Armitagc put on his bat and in a few moments found himself in the pre sence of that lady. Madame looked a good deal startled and not a little guilty, and her maimer continued his suspicions t.hat something was wrung. " Site was here, then, you say, and re mained how long /" "Oh, monsieur, I forget— E did not notice. It might he one hour, or two, or more." 44 Well, as she is not here now she must I have gone away some time. Do you know : where she went /" j " i, monsieur ; how should I know? She | told me nothing— not one word. Mou Dieu I ; why for do you come to me ! I know not where madame is. It is nothing to me. She meet her friend and they go away together, i ; I know no mure," j 44 Her friend /" i "Maisoui — Mme. de Alaupas. Was that a Ibirtense was puzzled. Why a husband ; should object to his wife leaving her rooms . wiili another lady she could not understand. That she must be discreet as Lo the visits of Al. Kauul was quite another mailer, but she I did not think it necessary to hold her longuo about anything else. Indeed, she believed that she was helping Mrs. Armi- taue by proclaiming the fact ol her being with Mme. de Maupas and throwing him completely off the scent. Hut .she had sup- pi umI the missing link all unwittingly. Within live niiimies Mr. Armitagc was within Mine, de Maupas presence. " Where is my wife I" he shouted. I have come for my wife." 44 ho is not here. Is she then not at lw me Folieie looked dismayed. If not, where was she I 4 .She had been here V i4Yo3.M Mme, do Alaupas ;acknowledgcd that she had, but had taken her departure shortly before K o'clock, ami the lady dis claimed any further knowledge of Mrs, Armilage's movements. "Where is your brother 7" angrily de manded Mr. Armiiage, fearing he hardly knew what. " He u not in Paris. He is away on busi ness." i At this intelligence the unhappy man hardly knew whether to be relieved or sliil more anxious. 44 You can tell mo nothing then ?" " 1 regret to say that I cannot." Mme. de Maupas rose io signify that th6 interview was at. an end, for she was a little afraid of this stern man, who looked at her so searching) and accusingly, and perhaps her conscience was pricking her u little. Air Armitagc passed out on to the slono corridor and began slowly to descend the steps. Waiting for him by the concierge's room was Angela. He would not have noticed her but that she slipped forward and biidjher hand on his arm. 44 1 can tell you where your wife is," she said iu a low, venomous whisper. 44 She left this house with Al. de Alaupas. If she has nob returned to her home, she is with him still," 44 What grounds have you for making such an assertion / Do \ oil know what you are implying /" 44 It you doubt what I tell you, read Ibis," and she tiirust into his hand the letter writ ten by Daphne — which she had intercepted. 44 That was sent to AL Kaoul, and it was nut the first, nor the second ; von must draw your own conclusions as I have dune." Like a man in a dream Gerald Armitagc staggered into the street. All through the long hours of that night he sat and thought and brooded and argued with himself, until his brain reeled and his senses grew dim, and inch by inch the ground was slipping from beneath his leet, and his eyes were slowly opening to the sad and bitter truth that was staring him in the face. 44 1 wonder why she hated mo so," cried poor Daphne, when her husband told her all this. 44 »Sko never liked me from the fust but I dou'c think I ever did her an in- JU1.» No, she had only stolen her lover from her, been guilty of the one unpardonable Bin iu a woman's eyes. That was all. They talked for hours, Daphne and her husband, she with Iter hand lucked in his, and her bright bead pillowed un bis shouhKi, 44 We will have nu concealments and no misunderstandings henceforth," said Gerald. 44 You will be l'rauk and open with mo iu nil things, and l»will strive to be patient." 44 Oh," cried Daphne, with a sudden gush of penitent 'ears, " it cuts me to the heart to bear you speak so kindly to me. I who have acted so ill. I can never, never forgive myself for my wicked folly." Air. A.rmitage gathered the little figure closer to him. 41 Love me, my wife," he whispered. 44 Only learn to luve me, dear." 44 Oh ! 1 do, I do. 1 never knew it be fore. I tried to toll myself thai- you were harsh and cold, bur. all! he time, deep down iu mv heart there was a feeling that I can never have for anyone else, and now I know that it was hive." A tear fell on the small shapely hand, but Daphne's eyes wen: bright and clear as she llung her soft arms upward aud laid them . around his neck. Oil AFTER XXXiX. Full of vague misgivings, Constance found herself at her own door. Il we.s early morn ing, aud tlie household not yet astir. I'limbc, looking very sleepy, with a suspicion of having huddled her clothes on hurriedly, drew back the boils and admiUed her tress. "Is all well.5" asked. Mrs. Armila.n , ' without pausing for a reply' puMicd o door of l he dinim.Tuom. T here, mantelshelf, were her own letters an to .Miss Haillie- — unopened. 44 Oh, \vl .. happened /" she cried. The poor lady was both startles IT alarmed. 44 Where is Aliss Haillie / be:- Lo me at once." " If you please, 'm. she's gone. Fkig packed every bk-,ed ..hing and look h'K oil. There i-u't a siuii of her nowhere." . . I'IhuIj,! looked (Liuiiml :ci ii pcroimtiiv limb or an eye might po-sihly be hidden sunic- whero about. 44 Bom- little Mis Eva. she l'ruttcd sorely, so I took her round to hor aunt, and she's been there alt tho while." 41 Good Hcavonu I What could havo pw- ecssed her to bo absent from her post at Btich ft timo ? Did she say why she went, Phoebe?" The girl's face grew scarlet, and she rolled the corner of her apron between her linger and thumb nervously. "Well you see, ma'am, we none of us knew whether you'd come back here or not, and 1 suppose that having her living to get, she has to be particular as to where lier situ ntions is, and if you please, ma'am, I'm all alone except my cousin, who've been staying with me, I were that lonesome of a night, Cook, she's gone too." "Were they all bewitched?" cried Con- jtancu staring blankly into the pink abashed cheeks of the little serving maid. ' But I couldn't do such a mean thing as to go off, too," continued Phccbc, evidently taking great praise to herself for the sacri fice which she was making. " I made up my mind that no matter what you was, I'd just bide till you come home." " What 1 was ! Kindly explain yourself." Constance felt that she was growing cold and numb. Her heart beat dully, and her senses feeincd da2cd. "'Well, it ain't a nice thing for me to talk /.bout, but when you went oil with Lord Jlardstock we none of us knew good lord, she's dead I" Constance had fallen from her chair in a dead faint. When she came back to life Phcebe was sobbing wildly, smacking her hands smartly, and had evidently emptied the contents of a pitcher of water upuii her, for she was dripping wet. With an effort she pulled herself upright, and presently was able to walk upstairs to her own room. Phcebc waited for her in silence, save for an occasional sob, as quickly stiffed. When the clinging draperies were re moved and Constance was beginning to feci more like herself, she said kindly to the girl — "My poor Phoebe, you must not remain any longer in the frightful error into which you have fallen. Lord Hardstock— Lord jlardstock accompanied me to Dover the night I left home because it was late for me to travel alone. I received a tele gram, which you yourself brought me, from a — a dear friend who required my presence at once, and L had barely time to catch the train. I have been by a sick bed ever since, and his lordship returned to town the same night." "Then you — yon didn't " " Hush, for pity's sake! " Constance held up her hand appcalingly. The shameful suspicion must not be put into words. She could not bear it. " Well I never ! " Phoebe drew a long breath aiul then once more dissolved into tears. "What a wicked girl cook and me have been," she sobbed inconsequcntly, and however shaky the grammar might be there was no doubt whatever about the regret in Phcebe's honest heart. " Go and make me a enp of tea," said her mistress, longing to be alone. And Phcebe went, but was terribly dis appointed to find that Mrs. Armitage barely put her lips to the cup, and set it down again without drinking it. " Has — has anyone called Bince I have been away ? " "No, ma'am, I think not." " No one — not a gentleman ? " "Yes, to be sure— yon hadn't been gone half an hour. Miss Baillie, she saw him in J the drawingroora. He didn't call again. I can get his card in a rniuute." I "Ho matter. 1 know who the gentleman was. Was there no message / Oh, you say Miss Baillie saw him. Have you her address I " " That I haven't. We were all in too much of a stew to think ofj it. She's never been near the place, ma'am, since, and she looked that bad and ill when she went she might have been a ghost. Poor thing, she were upset." u I think you must liavc all taken leave of your senses," said Constance, haughtily, as the acLual meaning of it all came home to her. " In an hour's time you shall take a note round to Clargcs-street. 1 must see my sister." And within a very few minutes after receiv ing the few cold terse lines which Constance dispatched to that lady, Mrs. Strangways had tied her bonnet on and was ready for departure, (To be continued.) 