Tho Otago Witness states :— ' One of tho problems that raoing clulw will havo to solvo in tho nparjuturo in whotlior game proprietors and ready-money layers of odds aro to bo tolerated or regulated or fiupproHsod. Some clubs soom to think that thoy huvo alruudy fliunnanrl nf f.lin iii!lH;»m*— - f liov rnfiiEn fk.iui. men admittance to tho courses, and inmgiuo that that units the question. I am not ho HUro that it -locn, a'*-\ would like to sav a word or two in support uf my reasons for ilUboliof in this summary ouUimr instead of untying, tho knot. As regards the men who pioiuoto games, it may bo urged that their littlo side shows UHod to provide di version for many of tho porsons jinnont who took no special in torost in'raciuir, or others who like to koop going and have no doairo to till up tho'intor vals,with drinking or bolting. I for ono havo ofton risked a hulf-sovoroi|;u at ' under and ovor' or aomo such Kumo, and found plcauuru in so doing, although knowing porfoutly woll that the banker's ohanoos wore against m« oven wlion'ovcrr-lhiiur wus on tbo himihto, an'! hundrods of others onjoyod thonmelvpu in tlie samo. fashion. I am by no moans mire that tho jiloasure of going a-rucing is. increased now tlioiio thing* aro forbidden. Bacogoers havo of lato years bIioh n a tendency to beoomo meio gloomy, ill-tuiiipored,' ^'rasping luouuv hunters ; and if any of this in attributable to tho policy Of stonily runiuviiug all games of chance but the. Hlrictb/ biixiuosn-lika ouo of botliug.'thoul Kuv'tfott no have not gained by- the u)iaugo,an&ff;! (hero waa tho ghost of'u. allow of reinstating tho old HVHtom, with propor precautions against cheating, 1 for ouo would strongly advocato doing so. I Bay not a word iu support of the uwindlor,- tho common or garden thief who' wanted tho roguo'u chunco as woll aa tho banker's; but surolyit woio possible to lioemio runpeotab'.e mon to ruu those (Tamos. A muoh mor* diflicult reform has ? already boon 'effootod is tho purification of racing itsulf from Ui« frauds which wore its ouni b&foro; tho Totali 