THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. Slowly the Government are staggering to- wards recess—that longed for time when they may drop their heavy burdens to the wayside, wipe the dews of fatigue and dis- appointment from their brows and breathe a word of thanksgiving at finding themselves still alive. It has been a painful progress, and now when the goal is almost in sight its attainment is still not absolutely certain. Unpleasant, even menacing remarks are made at mayoral luncheons, and Corner members revolt without warning over such paltry matters as public service retrench- ment. Mr. Shiels may sigh at all this in- gratitude, but he has the satisfaction of re- flecting that it is undeserved. Everything that a Premier may do to keep his supporters sweet surely the member for Normanby has done. Mallee picnics, with tinned Californian lobster ad lib., hop bitters and gingerbeer, smiles in plenty, and a kindly Ministerial interest in the domestic concerns of hon. members. Was not the Government Corner desolate this week through the temporary absence of Mr. Maloney upon his honey- moon? And who gave the bride away, cut the cake, and flung the last shoe? Why, Mr. Shiels. If Mr. Maloney had only been in his place on Tuesday last he at least would have been true to the Premier who had bound him with such tender bonds of allegiance. Gazing blankly around the Corner Mr. Shiels must have regretted that there appeared no other hon. gentleman with a disposition towards matrimony just now, or that there were no christenings which he might attend as godfather, thus securing the safety of the government and as a corollary, the good of the country. If the thoughts of this most complaisant of Premiers were put into rhyme they would probably run something like this:— Oh, downy the dodges a Premier must play For keeping his party together— He must chat to his Corner the text of the day, Be it measles, or crops, or the weather. As for me, I'm on hand for a christening or wake; And when members for marriage are ripe, For their charmers the rôle of a father I'll take Of the heaviest possible type. And there'll soon be full many a curly-wig pate, Little noses retrousse, or pug, And the owners of each will expectantly wait For a spoon or a gold-handled mug. They'll get it—why, bless them, be certain of that, On my shoulders and knees they shall climb, And each pate shall receive a political pat— If I'm only in power at the time. But if not—if one day I remain in the lurch, When the Left and the Right have changed sides, Your Maloneys may go by themselves to the church, And the verger may turn off their brides. I'd be glad to, of course, but it won't be my "dart," For you know there are wheels within wheels, And I fancy the babies and brides will be smart Who can still take their change out of Shiels. Another dead week, and the big will case which forms the only sensation still sub judice. Was ever unfortunate Journalist, hanging about with mouth agape tor some- thing to comment upon, more plagued with the ways of law and lawyers? One word, I suppose, on the merits of the question, and his Honour Mr. Justice A'Beckett is down upon my editor with a bigger splash than his sainted ancestor ever made upon the chancel steps of Canterbury Cathedral. And yet the case is so tempting. Here, on the one hand, is Dr. Madden, and on the other Mr. Duffy, both of Catholic families, yet joined in wordy issue over the testimony of no less a personage than the Archbishop of Mel- bourne. Dr. Madden asks a question, Mr. Duffy delicately insinuates a reply; Dr. Madden quotes Chitty on Contracts. Mr. Duffy produces an earlier authority in Coke; Dr. Madden triumphantly refers to the testimony of St. Peter, Mr. Duffy caps this by a ruling of the waiter at Jude's Hotel, in Dame-street—an old old man who married Brian Boru's cousin, and was mentioned with respect in the preface to Darwin's Origin of Species—and who says that "They're fine ould families, they are, the Duffys o' D'Olier- street, and the Maddens o' Merrion-square; an' whin they mix 'tis bethor than seidlitz powdhers they are, glory be to God; an' it's 3s. 6d. for the dhrinks, an' £5 for the smashed windy, an' 2s. for Tim wid the broken leg, rest his sowl; and good night, gintlemen, an' thank ye kindly, an' may the shades o' blessid St. Odiensses, an' D'Arcy's Brewery, an' Black John o' the Circular-road rist on ye, and kape ye off the corner o' Essix-bridge, for ye's the rale old sort, so ye are." This, by the way, is a "divarsion," for Dr. Madden goes home by a respectable 'bus to Kensington, and Mr. Duffy's watch-chain boasts one of those numerical passes issued by the Railway Commissioners. The Maddens, too, were ever friends of the only true church, which, as I have been re- minded, was why the Catholics almost to a man voted for Mr. Gillies at the last election —simply to show their freedom from denominational tyranny. These facts render it additionally hard to understand the gist of the cross-examination. A barrister who, like Mr. Duffy, has led the County Court for years, may be excused for expressing anxiety about the best way of facilitating the path to Heaven. But Dr. Madden, one of the acknowledged leaders of the Supreme Court but—surely if St. Peter refuses him admit- tance he can take the case, on appeal, from the Banco Court to the Practice Court, from the Practice Court to the Privy Council, from the Privy Council to the Lords, and from the Lords back again to Mr. Panton, and then if the worst comes to the worst, why, he can join the Wesleyans. What is to become of the Bijou Theatre? That is the question which is agitating all lovers of real comedy now that the depar- ture of Messrs. Brough and Boucicault and their company is becoming painfully imminent. We have all been so much accustomed to dropping in upon Mr. and Mrs. Brough of an evening in their own theatre as we would upon old friends in their drawingroom, that it will come as a painful shock when we find our charming host and hostess gone, the shutters up, and the poor old house "To Let." We have laughed with witty Beatrice and artful Lady Betty; we have cried and dried our tears again so often with Kate Verity and Esther Eccles, and many other delightful women to whom Mrs. Brough has introduced us, if only for a few quickly passing hours, in the softer, kindlier life of stageland, that the parting when it comes will be a sad one indeed. Who will be the new tenants of the deserted house? Possibly a troupe of nigger minstrels or a galaxy of fairies, clad in gossamer and smiles, as in those days which are always with us to a greater or less extent, when in the words of a modern writer— "The city shows To which one goes At nights, " Are chiefly rows Of shining hose And tights." If this were to happen, the ghost of Captain Hawtrey might well refuse to rest, and the disembodied spirit of the Marquise herself might hunt in vain in Froissart for an illus- tration apt enough to point the shocking degradation to which her old home was sub- jected. The Bijou—the old Bijou I mean, before it was burnt down—was a dear, dirty old place, with many dark passages leading nowhere in particular, and a small upper window right over the stage door in Little Collins-street. When they wanted fresh supers in those days they didn't go to the trouble and expense of advertising for them; they simply picked them, as the police pick criminals by "pure description." Wybert Reeve, who was managing for the Maje- ronis, used to lean out of the win- dow and literally take his brigands, soldiers, courtiers, watchmen, and peasants, out of the gutter. One morning when "Marie Antoinette" was in rehearsal he found that a captain of the guard was absolutely neces- sary, and spotting a likely looking young fellow, 6ft. 6in. in his stockings, and built like the Farnese Hercules, coming down the street he beckoned him up. "Ever been on before" asked the alert manager. The visitor, who was a public servant, occupy- ing a high position in a Government depart- ment, denied the suggestion emphatically. He was on his way to his lunch, and had to return forthwith to audit some drainage charges and pigeonhole a few typhoid returns. But they missed him in his office that afternoon and he spent the long summer hours in very thin smallclothes and very thick jackboots marching in and out at the o.p. side instead. Oh, that de- ceitful old Bijou! Every passage seemed to conduct the steps of the blushing neophyte to the one large dressing-room where the ladies of the court put on their fascinating expressions with a hare's foot. And those dainty little shoes—that seemed on the stage barely to kiss the ground—hurt the insuffi- ciently-clad intruder most confoundedly. The glamour of stagedom, however, was stronger even than the remarks of those insulted fair ones, and the public servant continued to serve the public in a new capacity every even- ing for a week, when he took out his fur- lough and, having buried a supposititious aunt in Castlemaine, went back with a fund of happy recollections to his stool and desk. Between the theatre and the opera there is only a short step, one would think, but between the average theatrical manager and the gentleman who can survive the trials of piloting a company od operatic artistes through a provincial tour there is a great gulf fixed. Time, however, writes no wrinkle on the azure brow of the affable Middleton. The rose-pink of his com- plexion was as perfect, and the curl of his blonde moustache as crisp, when he stepped ashore with his performing nightingales from the Tarawera, on Thursday, as when he set out on the campaign some weeks ago. And yet the disappointments, according to his own story, which Fate showered upon him were enough, in all conscience, to scatter a few silver threads among the gold. After securing the attendance of the Earl of Glasgow for four nights out of six at Welling- ton, and after organising monster serenades at all the principal towns of New Zealand in honour of the distinguished foreigners, it was hard, indeed, to be repaid with a sordid demand for miserable lucre. The artless child of song soars away on the wings of melody into such empyrean heights of passionate abstraction that one naturally supposes that he has lost himself. But he hasn't. He simply throws that top C off his chest and then drops down the chromatic scale with business-like rapidity into the mercenary world again, until he lands at the bottom with a thud and a pressing demand for a marked cheque. The melli- fluous Cuttica, it seems, was ably supported by the sonorous tones of Travaglini and Iorio, the dulcet strains of Sisco, and the melting accents of Signora Cuttica and Signo- rina Mattioli, in an impassioned sestett, which they sang con molto expressione, to the effect that they would all be blowed in their simple Southern way if they would give a concert unless the financial arrangements were made to suit their views. This being at the time impossible, the affable Middleton, having marched his tuneful forces to New Zealand, wisely marched them back again, and they are now ready to supply the means of musical culture at moderate rates, but cash down, for which Melbourne is admittedly pining. Mr. David Bennet, J.P. and Sleath sympa- thiser, has exchanged the sword for the ploughshare. In other words, he has left off strike supervision for the peace- ful art of literary composition, and in- dited a letter to The Argus expressing his readiness to receive subscriptions on be- half of the men whom the collapse of the Broken Hill strike has left penniless. This, says Mr. Bennet, with keen grasp of the main facts of the position—"This is not the time to argue whether the strike was or was not ill-advised. We must only consider that some 2,000 men are out of work, and in com- mon humanity we must help them." Con- sidering that Mr. Bennet's friends have spent over three months of their own time, and some hundreds of thousands of pounds of other people's money, in bringing them- selves into this destitute condition, and that they are confessedly only wait- ing a favourable moment to wreak the same mischief, and worse, over again, Mr. David Bennet's readiness to let bygones be bygones and forgive and forget is ex- tremely touching. It was not in this tone that he spoke a month since. Then it was "Fight on, boys; we'll support you to the bitter end." Now the bitter end is here, and Mr. David Bennet wants the public to take the burden of the supporting business off his hands. The Trades-hall has done its share. It has prevented these men from working, now it looks to the public to keep them from starving. That is the Bennet theory of "common humanity." When the unemployed agitation convulsed Melbourne, Mr. David Bennet was equally eloquent; but no one has ever heard that the Trades-hall contributed a single shilling to the distress fund. Its finances were reserved for the labour war at Broken Hill. Even now Mr. David Bennet has forgotten one little ceremony usually observed by gentlemen who start public subscriptions. He has omitted to head the list with his own contribution—a mere oversight, doubtless, for Mr. Bennet, albeit he wears the flannel shirt of the "working man," is a capitalist with house property in Carlton, and a bank- ing account. When he puts down his cheque for a hundred or so the public will regard his claim to receive contributions with more confidence. For it must be remembered that this is Mr. Bennet's first appearance as a philanthropist. His efforts hitherto have been confined to receiving subscriptions for the laudable purpose of assisting the unemployed to be unemployed. This impression may be wrong, but Mr. David Bennet has to thank his own public acts that it exists, and that the public cannot accustom themselves all at once to his appearance in the novel rôle of a purely pastoral David, calmly watching his flock of innocent trades-union sheep, and attuning the harp of Lygon-street to the gentle strains of peace. An observation has been published to the effect that by his marriage with Lady Mabel Brudenel-Bruce our old friend Mr. Bob Sevior Sutton becomes either nephew or uncle to his old enemy, Lord Deerhurst. This is at best a hazy way of putting it, but it provokes investigation, and investigation into this affair proves an extremely be- wildering business. After attempting it, I am disposed to admit that the next-of-kin agents earn every penny of the stupendous commissions charged when they do manage to discover a rightful heir. Reduced to simple terms, it appears that Lady Evelyn Mary Craven, mother of the Lady Mabel who has now added Sevior to her name, is a lady who has made three separate matrimonial ventures, and the second of these was her marriage to a brother of the present Earl of Coventry and an uncle of Lord Deerhurst, viz., the late Captain Henry Amelius Coventry, of the Grenadier Guards. Ergo, the lady who was the wife of Lord Deer- hurt's uncle is the mother-in-law of Mr. Robert Sevior Sutton. What could be clearer than the problem so stated? Lady Mabel is, it will be seen, a kind of cousin of Lord Deerhurst, and Mr. Bob Sutton, by his marriage, becomes also a kind of cousin— a little less than kind perhaps, but still a cousin. This, no doubt, is what the ex cash bookmaker has been working for. There is a charm in this relationship possessed by no other. It will be pleasant indeed to meet the viscount in Pall Mall and salute him with:—"How fares it, sweet coz? Your hand, man. Heed not that mine smote thee jestingly awhile ago. 'Twas but a friendly buffet, such as may be exchanged among kinsmen without offence." Parliamentary oratory in Victoria is studded with few gems of rhetoric, and much of its metaphor is tame and pointless. Only once in a while does a speaker reach the level at- tained by Mr. Dixon when speaking on the subject of Public Service retrenchment last Tuesday. He exclaimed:—"It appears, sir, to be the intention of the Government to grind down the faces of the poor to the lowest rungs of the ladder." In its way this is a fair attempt at the art in which Lord Castlereagh and Sir Boyle Koche reigned supreme and the member for Prahran may be encouraged to by all means persevere. Like those of both his great prototypes, Mr. Dixon's bulls amaze by the physical difficul- ties they present. Castlereagh spoke of men turning their backs upon themselves. Roche predicted that if the leaders of a certain revolt gained sway "our heads will be thrown on that table to stare us in the face." But the Dixon metaphor betrays a confusion of thought just as exquisite. 