IN THE CEDAR CHAM- BER. M It ronld be almost impossible todiscover any one more entirely devoid of enperstrfion than myself. Bat when I was seventeen years old an event happened which caused uie to believe mine a haunted life, [vaastajnngat Paris in the Loose of my guardian, Mr. Charles, ' and dressing for my first ball at the English embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian ; taste, had been fastened, and I stood before the ' glass while the maid arranged the flowers in my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beeide my glares and fan on the table. ! '-Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful!" Justine exclaimed in French, as she stepped back to survey her work. I blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment that had been paid me, end my glass told mc that it was true. " I wander who sent me these flowers ?" I said, taking up the bouquet preparatory to leaving the room. " Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her admirer among her [lartners to-night,"' was the ! reply. At this moment there was a knock at the door. A telegram was handed to " Mrs. Xorthcote is dangerously ill, and wishes to see her stop-daughter before she dies." -i Startled, dismayed, but beyond all measure restd at receiving such an untimely message. I dropped the piper upon tlie floor. " Bring me a railway guide—-ouick 1" I said to Justine. Mrs. Northcote was my stepmother, hut we had never met. My father had married in ludia, taking an half-caste for his second wife, and when he died he left to his widow, for her life, the old family estate at Crowsneet, to which he had only just succeeded. I found by the railway guide that if I changed my dress with epecd I could catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon, next day I should reach Dashire, in which Crowsnest is siiuated. "Justine," I cried excitedly, "bring my travelling dress. You must go with roe tonight to England." " Hon Dien, mademoiselle! would yon take off that ravishing dr^ss that suits yon to such marrel. Would you give op the ball?" Once more I looked at my reflection in the glass, then took up the time-table (^im. At nine o'clock next morning there was another i train. Meditatively I raised the bouquet to my faci. Who was it said : The womin who hesitates is lost ?** The sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my senses. Who li ad sent them to mel Curiosity prevailed. I would 30 to the jull and solve the mystery. Mr. and Mrs. Charles were waiting for me when 1 went down. I said nothing about the telegram. We entered the coupe snd drove at once to the embassy. The ball was a brilliant one, and Iwaaqutte intoxicated with the adulation I received. The new debutante !" was on everybody's Jips. Tiie lii^bt was half over before I -even remembered that I had not discovered the sendei sender •of my beautiful bouquet. Of R hat were vou thinking so 31 !ss Xbrtbc jte T J asked a ^entl?tiEan ID way sfcat' made me start. . --•,:• The speaker was Mr. Weston. He luMl bcea introduced t» me n few days before at -liinuc "XT—""" " I was thinking«(the senderof flowers ana woi:«enns vho he u. TJJSM, my name. * Nina,' is spelled out ii£ whiffi^idlets," a.:.d I held the bouquet toward him. " 1 hope you were thinking kindly of the do- "Indeed I was.'" . " Tarjik j<m. Will you always so think of him—of me ? ' j>fy turprise took away my breath. Besides his mauuer eaiba.vra.saed me. It inferred much more than the words. I danced with liitii more frequently than with any one else, and fuuud a new and strange attraction in his pre- BE11CC. On returning from the ball I told luy kind host an J hostess of the telegram, and my determination to start for England on the morrow. " You might have savsda few hours, dear," she Said. "Only a few. Aud then I might have missed the most delightful experience of my life," I answered fervently. " But it was a ease of life and death, my child." she added gently. I answered nothing, for I felt her Words were a reproof. . . My trunks were soon packed by Jostine, -who was to accompany me. My guardian also insisted on going with we, and late the next night we were driven throagh the dark country roads to Crowsnest. A stately housekeeper met us in the hall. "Miss Nurthcotc, you come too late,"she said severely. My dear mistress died three hours ago. If you had left Paris -last night you •cri.uld have been in time. My lady had a communication to make to you.'' , * *' What was it ?" I asked. "That no one will ever know in this world, was the answer. I was much distressed ; and somehow J felt as though Mrs. Stevens was my enemy. My guardian remained till after, the funeral. Then, in vain, he urged mc to return to Paris. J wished to remain a few weeks longer in the old house, now my own. With the exception of one bedroom, & description of Crowsnest is not neceasafy to the development of my tale, but to describe that is imperative. f It was long and large and Ihe-walls were pabellod with cedar wood. Oa the panels hung framed tapestry pictures, the irork of past trcucraiioss of the Sforthcotes. The ceiling of cedar, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower than they were. A timemeliov.ed Mjuare of Indian carpet, covered the centre of the floor on which stood the bed, raised on a. dais. There were two vtndowB, ihat nearest the bed a. bjy with diamond panes, the hangings similar to those ofihe bed, of rich Xirocade with pink »tio lininga.°On the side .of the window nearest the bed Was fixed a mo- .dent gas bracket, which strnckmafas a Btrange .anomaly amid antique surroundings. It was in •this chamber inr ftepra other died, bat not feeing bopersmious, I iiecidedtopccupy it my. self. " 'iC^i • ' No sooner had my guardianipft Crowsnest than T told Mrs. Stevens to .hare the cedar chamber prepared forme. She tabbed troubled and ««ed various reasooBkguiwt my occupying it, none of which appeared to meM any Weight. Ac last Ae said,— i - " It wasMm. Northcotc's «isb that that room slionld not be used, Stsi^p in it.'' " And do JOB suppose I am taMA as to be a r raid to deep these on tkUMOMtf " It is not my province to wgpe anything, BGss JSorthcote. IE you |infl.a»frii;fny Utemistress before she d-edalie wnnttttRftWgpven yon Iter reasoes hersrfr As It "As it is, Mrs. Stevens, I liere.,u>d have set mv hsart togs, flave ft occupy ft ft _ fiot- she turned away Ij l fot un kabae vhidi wnweitw^ My W W """*' tbo contited xnoot, Jw^wjj adjoining fnrtir^mr ' Bfli Tiuree nights later 1 again woke with • tense of languor and oppression. The gas beside the window gave out a dim light; beyoud it a faint moonbsain slanted across the MOID in which lay the shadow of a pear tree that grew close to the house. I could trace the shadow of the branches and the leaves, and watchcd th' tn as they flickered, stirred by tbeaigbt Keeping my eyes open in » half sleepy manner, ;.l) at once I became conscious of seeini; tioincthing else besides the uwnli^ht and the irislight-—scmeciiinstliat soeincd to bo between i!s« two. It wns faiut and indistinct, cer .-iinl i'. but roue tbe less it resembled rt female form, The head appeared to rest 0:1 the baud, the hair with a rudd v gleam tin it floated back on the shoulders. The r?st of the figure was I»tt in darkuess. I was suiiicicntly awake to kn<«'V it was uo freak of fanuv, and yet the (iguro uas altogether so faintly defined and va >uo in detail that before long 1 fell asleep auu the next morning rct«c«nl>ercd it. aa a divam only. The succeeding iti^ht, however, I n^iiu awoke, and on opening; my eyes behelj tin. self-same figure. But this time it w.is nunc cloarly visible, especially the law, which, lur i'ii towanl me, 1 saw to bo that of a very hi auiif'ul woman. Moreover, to my unspeakable distun-, 1 discovered in it a resemblance to my s!ep-ni-»ther, whom I had seen once only, as she liy 111 her coffin. The sight was the iiierj distressing to me inasmuch as the face wore a:, expression of v:ul reproach, llad the spirit <>f »«>• father's wife returned to earth to upbraid me f.>rn"t tt'ieyinu the summons to her J van; lied '» In vain 1 closed my eves. Whenever I opeued them I saw the sweet reprimeMnl face : and it was not until the summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and 1 Brums from my bed aad at.d tired a£tor the night's vigil. Twice more the visitation cam 15 ; after that, for two or three weeks, the visits ceased ; thi-n were once more resumed. Before I had been two months at Crowsnest all my vaunted courage fled ; and though 1 had spake of what I had seen to no one, yet I was sensitively conscious that Mrs. Stevens taw something was amiss with nie. I was morbidly fearful that she had a suspicion of the cau ^e. I was &ure; of this when sho said one morning— not by any means unkindly— " Justine tells nie you have not Blept well, Miss Korthcote. Do you not find tlio cedar chamber comfortable?" " Ye?, perfectly. 1 woald not change it for anything," I replied. Comfortable with that Immtiug presence ? I hope I shall be forgiven for the subterfuge ! AB to Justine, elie'vvas continually urgiug tue to quit the place, attributing my depression to the climate, to the dull life I led, to anythiug rather than to the real cause. But at length her persistency and my guardian's beseeching letters prevailed, and 1 returned once more to Paris. There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. Weston. It was impossible to be blind to his intentions. Eveiy word and look told me that he loved tne, aud the day came when he asked me to be his wife. To his evident surprise, and to my inexpressible sorrow, I refused to marry him. Gould I join u haunted life to that of the man I loved with all my soul ? True, I had had no visitation from the beautiful, reproachful face since I left dear Crowsnest; but might it not return at any hour J Oil, why had my step-mother cast this blight npon my life! Was it such a heinous crime not to have sane in time to see her weinl apparition that had exercised BO subtle an influence on my life. With tbe persistent waywardness of a spoiled child, I insisted on going home ; I insisted also that no one but Justine should accunpauv me. My guardiau yielded to my wishes aud I went. But not once more during my month's visit did I see the haunting face. I believed that my persecution was ended. Un my return to Paris Mr. Weston renewed his offer aud I acceptcd him. A few months of married happiness effectually dispersed the clcud that had overshadowed me. My mind—warped and weakened as it bad been by giving way to morbid fancies—gained tone and vigor daily by associating with my husband's, which was eminently matter of fact and practical. It was therefore without the slightest foreboding of evil that we set out for Dashire to spend the summer months at Crowsnest. Guy was mnch pleased with tbe old houBe ; above all with the cedar chamber, which I found had been prepared for us. It was late at night when we arrived, and there was no time to alter the arrangements ; besides, there was no need, for I believed as I have stated, that I had outlived my fears. Both Guy and I were tired by our journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep, Toward morning I awoke. A stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of the pear tree lay along the floor, flickering in the night wind. I watched it for a while, and then this shadow being closely associated in my mind with something else—I looked toward the bay window and could scarcely suppress a cry. There in the old place, bstween the gaslight and the moonlight, appeared—the face ! "Guy," I whispered, trembling, "awake! I'm BO frightened!" '• What is it, Nina ? Have yon seen a ghost ?" he asked lightly. "Hush! Look there!" Raising himself npon his elbow he glanced toward the window. " Why there is a woman in the room !" he exclaimed in great consternation. Then after a moment's pause, he continued slowly and deliberately, as though reading by a bad light from a book. " No it is only an illusion—but what an' illusion ! I seem to see a beautiful woman, her head turned this way, supported by her hand. Her auburn hair hangs about her shoulders. It is a very handsome face, but sad." "Stay '.What would you do ?" I asked, as he made a quick movement forward. " Dispel the illusion, dear." "Oh, Guy!" Unheeding he went to the window and ahook the curtain. " May all ghostly visitants be as easily dispersed," he said, laughing, as the figure quivered, swayed, became distorted, then in a moinent vanished. What was it " I will produce it andyou shall see." He let the curtain fall locae acd it took its old folds and creases. There sure enough she wis " And is this what scared you on your first visit hern V turning to me suddenly as though a new light luul broke on htm. " Yes, I thought it was the spirit of my stepmother. I imagined the lilmsmn of course.*' Then between laughter and tears, I mtde « fall coafe&uon; of all my anperatitioui folly. Ke*t morning we closely questioned Mrs. Stevens. Sim expressed her belief that the cedar chamber wax haunted, and that the comfflooiation ho- mistress had to make to me was 'She; ^'Sorim too -prtad tojwwqp to wop (faMm'te ''teten i p f -vr-K. * flHfflP 1 ™ tjUunlc 