7^ SIWHO ' TbIe daily paperer were excluded from the N-iS.W, railway^nen's oonferenoe,. but they got their reports juet the same. And the question is : who blaoklegged ? . u,Hg i;owiiBviHer nawveB aon c care whether their country is green, yellow, black or -piebald. - The only point they're particular about is that it mustn't be pure white. ? . Wew, down in the depths of the Workingman's Paradise, not far from Toorak, Melbourne, seamstresses make singlets for Is. lOd. per dozen and find their own cotton. Da. Thomson, Brigade surgeon and leading Brisbane medioo, says : 'leprosy is one of the penalties we pay for alien black labour.' He might have added that it's only one of the minor penalties at that Two youthful political identities 'of New South Wales seem to have fallen on evil dayB. Boy Orator Lesina is ill in Melbourne, whilo Boy Politician Caulfield^ wfi(- presented Henry George with a valuable gold scarf pin, has pone steerage to Western Australia. Electioneering is expensive. Home Ruler ThO8. H. Grattan Eanoonde, writing to Adelaide for Australian aid to the Irish ^lection-Tptmd--Bay«T 'We eliall require at least £35,000 to fight the elections if -we are to retain our-^esent position in the Irish representation.' Of such a powerful instrument as newspapers for good or evil, we should be all anxious to extend the beneficent and to check the baneful influence. If, therefore, you wish to navft an hnnaat PrpB«- you ought honestly and generously to support it. — Archbishop MacHole. Thr oabler Bays that Spirituallawin the-Natural-World Drummond has been giving Britishers his Australian impres sions. Amongst other things he said : ? The natives of Queensland an treated as veritable outcasts, and their lives are freely taken in certain districts on the smallest provo cation, and no questloub are ariiedi — Thegriev- ance in connection with the aboriginals fa far worse than anything relating tothe kanakas. _ Demos in Wagga Bummer says : How's this for a paradox ? Burgess and yours platonioally zneta-rom one the other day near the Labour Bureau in the shape of a youthful cadet, with a gun upon his shoulder and a bayonet by hiB Bide, and an open copy of ' CaBsart Column ' in bis right hand, devouring its contents on his way to drill. Ghost of mur dered Wat Tyler 1 Capitalists and Monopolists had better lookout when their tools, young or old, take to reading ' Caaar's Column.' -^ — — The Rer. -A. Allan jf --Charters Towers has journeyed south to lecture QymmeiteaCT Modem SodaliBm and its dangers. He pointed out what he oon tenaedwas the inconsistency of Socialists proposing to abolish class distinctions, say «g -that — 'theocratic — set — democratic «quansy was an iiiae was wanna. Atcer that he expatiated on the beauties of the oommunist teachings of Jesus, and wound up with. Bobby Burns' prayer : ' Man to man the world o'er shall brothers be for a' ^Stfc*^ He dienjjiould have sung 'God Save the Queen 'and finished up with a breakdown. ViOTOfirAN MEtnister for Works Gra ham stated to a recent meeting of tbe unemployed: * ' —For &e; Mature he would decline to be inter viewed by agitators, who did the unemployed movement more harm than good by their ill advised utterances at their meetings, and who occupied his time by making rash, idle state ment*. He did not believe the statement that had been made that men and their families had walked hundreds of miles about the oonntry looking for work, as he bad travelled about the country recently and he did not see any. Graham must have winked the other eye till he's got no vision left. Fancy travel ling in any part of Australiaand not seeing any unemployed. ThoBe whom the gods would destroy they 'first make blind. ^^^^^^TOBB^ttterl^casuanjirfew weeks ego that 'Socialism is getting fashionable, too fashionable.' Which being misinterpreted by the Sydney Work man occasions the following : Tbe Brisbane Worker informs its readers that the Sydney Socialists are becoming too fashionable. What the aoouuation Implies is not clear; but there seems to linger in the Wqbkeb office an idea that no man who has a change of linen or who indulges in the luxury bt soap and water at regular intervals, or who does noi get the hat Bent round on his behalf, hat any right to be a Socialist. The Sydney Socialists, not being all sansculottes, naturally objeot to snob a monopoly— in fact, object to all monopo lies—and it is presumed the same is done In Brisbane. It is too preposterous for any men to claim Socialism aslheir own private reserve. No toiler will be much of a BoclillBtonttl he be comes possessed of Ihe idea that he Is entitled to wear and eat the best that can be produced. Socialism doeB-oot mean that a man is to pro duce the finest doeskin for others and wear (be vilest moleBkin himself. , ~ What was meant was that men are begin ning to pose as Socialists for purely selfish political purposes now that it is becoming the thing to profess Socialism of the boudoir type. Messrs. Wm. Saunders and Chas. Leek left Sydney on Tuesday last for South America, via New Zealand and Cape Horn. They go as prospectors of the New Australia Cooperative Settlement Associa- tion which has been offered nearly half a million acres on free settlement conditions by one of the South American govern- ments. Saunders has been for years one of the leading spirits in bush organisation, being a delegate of the Q.S.U. from its initiation and active in the formation of the Q.L.U. ; also chairman of the Q.S.U. meeting 1890, of the Q.L.U. annual meet ing loMjjind of the Charleville conference 'Amalgamated W6rketTB~UiriotnL892 ; also was elected president of the A.L.F. at the Townsville General Council of February last. When martial law was proclaimed by the Government during the bush strike, Saunders was in 'Adelaide, with Bennett, Taylor and Meeban, as a delegate from the Q.S.TJ. to the A.S.U. annual conference. Acting under instructions from the Strike Committee, Bennett and Taylor returned to Queenslaud leaving Sauaders an3~ Meehan to etump the South on behalf of their unions aud thus to escape arrest through no fauli of their own. Since the strike Saunders has been an organiser for the C.D.C. Leek, though less prominent, is well-known and highly esteemed in Western Queensland. Both men are earnest and determined and confident that the settlement they are working for will be a great success and productive of immense good not only for those taking part in it but for the Labour movement at large. .?i-¥vtip'w-i$};.: '.- :;-:r^?;- :.?.,/ '? ?, . .; ??' .??.???;.;?'. ;. ? ? -: \- Black Labour Oowley has returned to Brisbane feeling very sick overlus northern tour. He recognises fully that the popular feeling throughout the North is jdead against Black Labour. ' Reynolds says of Niohol, who a fort night ago was sentenced to eighteen months for anarchistic article in Common -weah ? — ? '— -Some of tbfr^n&Tohist; prisoners *t Stafford owe Mr. D. J. Niobol, a prominent London Anarchist, a debt of gratitude lor his untiring exertions to see that they were properly de fended. One of the prisoners hstng a French man and another an Italian, with few friends in this oountry, they would have stood a poor chance of a fair trial had it not been for^he exertions of Mr. Niohol and his friends who, notwithstanding their own considerable lack of worldly goods, have made tbe most noble sacri fices on behalf of their Iobb fortunate comrades. M.L.A. Ryan was to visit the Union Prisoners at St. Helena on Thursday. Before his departure Saunders saw Alec. Forrester at Boggo-road Gaol. Forrester, by the way, was provided by the A.L.F. with a goodly quantity of 'indulgences' permitted to pass into gaols on the strength of Queen's Birthday relaxation of reguia tions. M.L.A. Rae. of N.S.W., vjaited, the Union Prisoners at St. Helena while recently in Queensland. In spite of the manifest disapproval of its cabinet, which objected to a 'vote of censure ' on Queensland, the Victorian Assembly passed the following resolution 'withoutA-divi^ioa-: ? ? That this House views with disapprobation the attempt to introduce 'coloured labour into Australia, and urges upon the Government the advisableness of taking such measures as will defeat the desireB of those who would saddle the people of Australia with coloured alien races. Premier Shields argued that there was a change of feeling in Northern Australia in favour of oojoured labour. 