Rtorycttes In an Albany club the wino cellar wat itrnngely depleted uf its contents. Bottle after bottle of ehnmpajj.ie disappeared, and locks seemed no bar against tbo thirsty thlevcB. Finally a new Hupcrlntcndenl waa placed in charge, and he Beemed to be a man of nn ingenious turn of mind. Ho put new locks upon the cellar, but he did not mean to place his dependence wholly upon iron oous, oo lie secured a remarkably ugly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi tion, audshutllim in the cdlar. There tho brute stnya all the time, except for half an hour daily, when he is given a run in tho iimlight. The dog has no taste for cham. pagne, and now the wine Btaya whero it ii put until it iB wanted in tho cafe. There has never been an instanco ot 'gracioiianc8s'like the visit of tho Duko do Nivernais, in the seventeenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing to see bow matters Btood with tho poor fellow, tho duko stepped into tho roam, and had the oxtrcme condescension to make personal inquiry into the state of hia health. The steward, uttorly bewildered by tho honor, raised himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tono of the moBt abject humility : ' I hope your grace will not be offonded at my dying in your presence ?' Tho duke, deeply touched, answored : ' Not in tbo least, my good f riena] ; do not mind me.' Whereupon, the steward availed hlmsolf of tho graciouB permission of his master, and gave up tho ghost. Professor Delbruck has recently pub liBbed somo intcrestiug- souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick tho Third and his family. Here is an amusing anecdote about tbo order that reigned in the household while Frederick was-Crown Prince : One day tho Crown Princess said to the butler, ono of tho oldest Bervanta and ono who bad the reputation of having a will oi his own : ' I ordered some Apollinaris water several rreckB ago, and should like to tasta it ; hat it not yet arrived?' The old domestic replied : 'Imperial Highness, thero is still in tho cellar a lot of bottles of seltur water that must be drunk first I' All the persons at table broke out into laughter. Tho Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, uaid, in a serious tone; ' M,y friend, when tho Crown Princess orders you to elo anything, I beg you to obey her.' . * i ' One day,' said o veteran, in in recent interview with Kit Perkins, ' I met an old soldier who had b-en wounded in the face and when 1 asked him in what battle he had been injured, be said : 'i got it at the first day at Shiloti, air.' 1 But how could you got hit in the face ai Shiluh?'Iuskcd. ' Well, air,' said he, half-apologcticaliy, ' after I had ruu a mile or two I got careless and lookud back.' \ This story reminds mo of hovr ono of Kilt, worth's b'ire Zouaves killed bis first Con federate. He Enid thnt he marched out-tu the buttle of Hulls Ituu, and! when about, half way tbere, be met a Johnny liub. in ambusli. I 1 W hat did yo-i cto.lb.cii ?' I naked. ' Well, sir,' he answered, ? lidrew out my revolver and he drew but his bowie-knife, and then I took the lean from the start, end kept it olear iutu Washington city, acd ? ? / 'But bow did you kill tiio man?' 1 Run him to death,' was the reply.' In, ' making up ' newspapers, or tho piecing together of different paragraphs into culumus, two separate items will, somu times, bu jumbled together und most am us ing results appear. A French uuwdpupcr bad a good specimen, uf this kind of mixture : '? Dr. X. has been appointed head physi. cian to the Hopital de la Charite. Orders have been issued by thu authorities for the irnmediato extension ut tha Oimetiero de Parnaasu,' ' Tho Now Haven journal, some time ago inudc a curious jumble of two items. One read : ' A large cast-iron whcul, revolving nino hundred times a minute, exploded in tbis city yeste-rday, after a lung and pair.ful ill. uean. Deceased was a prominent thirtj Hcjond degree Mason.' The other paragraph detailed how : 'Jobn Fiuide:i, thu well-kuown (luristand real estate broker, of Newport, U.I., died iu Wardiuorand Russell's suyar mill, at Cry utnl Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable dnmago to the building und injuring several workmen severely.' Ben.Jonsou was onco requested to reviBO suiiiu pruofs full of typographical and other errors, but hu dculinud, and recommended thnt they should bu sent to tho bouse of cor rection, Many anecdotes are liurrated to illus trates me tact required iu dealing with lunatics. Among the inmates of an asylum was a man who waa considered perfectly harmlesa, but who, liaviug no home, waa allowed tu remain there, being employed to ahovr visitors around. Thu doctor went on the roof with him one day to boo about repairing it, when tho inau suddenly turnod aud suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im mediately the doctor replied : '? Nu, don't let's do that. Any ono can jump duwu. Let's go down and ace if we can jump up,' Tno lunatic considered tho point ' well taken,' and agreed. The head ot a private asylum in England was in the buth- room watching a number of lunatics bathe, when ono uf them called out, 'Let's duck the doctor I' and they all took up thu cry. Seeing his danger, the doctor said at once : 'All right boya; but suppose you give a cheer lor him first.' And the uoUc uf their cheering brought the keepers to hia rescue. The same doctor was in a room with a lunatic, who, by oomo means, had possessed himself of a curving kuifo. Tho lunatiu informed him gravely that ho had been ordnincd by Ood to cut him into littlo pieces, and, much as he regretted it,ho should be obliged to do it, '? Very woll,' said tlu- doctor ; ' of coiiiuu, if that is tbo case, I shall make no attempt to prevent yon j but I aeo your knife needs sharpening, Allow me. to fetch a grindstone fur you.' Aud no objection being raised, the quick witteil doctor mado his escape. Old man (solemnly): (! Jly young friend, who mis tunt who j jet risked you to go und huvu udiink I ' '; '.?..'', Young mrin :'' Uarney Jones. He's a friend of mine-.' -; ? :, ? Old muu (wiih I continued solemnity) : ' Nny, my joung .friend, he is an enemy of yours,' .',?'''.' '?','? Young mrihf' Well, I'doii't know' but what you're rijjlil,- llarnoy gave me two or three sure things on yesterday's races. that made me walk homo. You cnn't.tell nowadays, o/d man,' who 'your'' 'friends'' «rc.' ? .:».?: ? One of ?? the .; strongest .:,f!harao'teriBtics uf genius .is (he power 'of lighliug its. own fire. ' ?' ' '? ' ,-'??' ,' '' ?'??'? ? ? ? ? 