MARK TWAIN IN EUROPE. (Special Correspondence.) all uiouts reserved. NO. II.-AT THE SHRINE OF ST. WAGNER. Bayrcuth, August 2. — It was\at Nurem berg that we struck the inundation of music-mad strangers that was rolling down unon Bavreuth. It had been long since we had seen such multitudes ot excited and struggling people. It took a good half-hour to pack them and pair them into the train— and it was the longest train we have yet seen in Europe. Nuremberg had been witnessing this sorb of experience a couple of times a day for about two weeks. It gives one an im pressive sense of the magnitude of this biennial pilgrimage. For a pilgrimage is what it is. The devotees come from the very ends of the earth to worship their prophet in his own Kaaba, in his own Mecca. If you arc living in New York or San Francisco or Chicago or anywhere else in America, and you conclude, by the middle of May, that you would like to attend the Bayreuth opera two months and a half later, you must use the cable, and get about it immediately, or you will get no seats, and you must cable for lodgings, too. Then if you are lucky you will get seats in the last row and lodgings in the fringe of the town. If you stop to write you will get nothing. There were plenty of people in Nuremberg when we passed through who had come on pilgrimage without first sesuring seats and lodgings. They had found neither in Bayreuth ; they had walked Bayreuth streets a while in sorrow, then gone to Nuremberg, and found neither beds nor standing-room, and had walked those quaint streets all nighb waiting for the hotels to open and empty their guests into the trains, and so make room for these, their defeated brethren and sisters in the faith. They had endured from thirty to forty hours' railroading on the Continent of Europe— with all which that implies of worry, fatigue, and financial impoverishment— and all they had got and all they were to get for it was handi ness and accuracy in kicking themselves, acquired by practice in the back streets of the two towns when other people were in bed ; for back they must go over that unspeakable journey with their pious mission unfulfilled. These humiliated outcasts had the frowsy and unbrushed and apologetic look of wet cats, and their eyes were glazed with drowsiness, their bodies were adroop from crown to sole, and all kind-hearted people refrained from asking them if they had been to Bayreuth and failed to connect, as know ing they would lie. We reached here (Bayreuth) about mid afternoon of a rainy Saturday. We were of the wise, and had secured lodgings and opera seats months in advance. lam not a musical critic, and did not come here to write essays about the operas and deliver judgment upon their merits. The little children of Bayreuth could do that with a finer sympathy and a broader intelligence than I. I only care to bring four or five pilgrims to the operas, pilgrims able to appreciate them and enjoy them. What I might wiite about the performances to put in my odd time would be offered to the public as merely a cat's view of a King, and not of didactic value. Next day, which was Sunday, we left for the opera-house— that is to say, the Wagner temple— a little after the middle of the afternoon. The great building stands all by itself, grand and lovely, on high ground outside the town. We were warned that if we arrived after 4 o'clock we should be obliged to pay two dollars and a half apiece extra by way of fine. We saved that ; and it may be remarked here that this is the only opportunity Europe offers of saving money. There was a big crowd in the grounds about the building, and the ladies' dresses took the sun with fine effect. I do not mean to intimate that the ladies were in full dress, For that was not so. The dresses were pretty, but neither sex was in evening ilress. The interior of the building is simple — severely so ; but there is '.o occasion for colour and decora ion, since the people sit in the lark. The auditorium has the shape of a ceystone, with the stage at the narrow md. There is an aisle on each side, but 10 aisle in the body of the house. Each ?ow of seats extends in an unbroken :urve from one side of the house to the ither. There are seven entrance doors mi each side of the theatre and four at ;he butt end — eighteen, doors to admit md emit 1,050 persons. The number of ;he particular door by which you are to inter the house or leave it is printed on ponr ticket, and you can use no door but that one. Thus crowding and confusion ire impossible. Not so many as a hun ilred people use any one door. This is better than having the usual (and useless) jlaborate fireproof arrangements. It is ;he model theatre of the world. It can be emptied while the secondhand of a ivatch makes its circuit. It would be entirely safe even if it were built of lucifer Hatches. If your seat is near the centre of a row md you enter late, you must work your tvay along a rank of about twenty-five ladies and gentlemen to get to it. Yet ;his causes no trouble, for everybody stands up until all the seats are full, and ihe filling is accomplished in a very tew minutes. Then all sit down, and you liave a solid mass of 1,500 heads making a steep cellar-door slant from the rear of the house down to the stage. All the lights were turned low, so low that the congregation sat in a deep and solemn gloom. The funereal rustling of dresses and the low buzz of conversation began to die swiftly down, and presently not the ghost of a sound was left. This profound and increasingly impressive stillness continued yet during some time — the best preparation for music, spectacle, or speech conceivable. I should think cur show people would have invented or imported that simple and impressive device for securing and solidifying the ittention of an audience long ago ; instead of which they continue to this day to open a performance against a deadly com petition in the form of noise, confusion, md a scattered interest. Finally, out of darkness, and distance, *nd mystery soft rich notes rose upon the stillness, and from his grave the dead magician began to weave his spells about his disciples, and steep their souls in his enchantments. There was some thing strangely impressive in the fancy which kept intruding itself that the com poser was conscious in his grave of what was going on here, and that these divine sounds were the clothing of thoughts which were at this moment passing through his brain, not recognised, and familiar ones which had issued from it at some former time. The entire overture, long as it was, was played to a dark house with the curtain clown. It was exquisite, it was delicious. But straightway thereafter, of course, came the singing, and it does seem to me that nothing can make a Wagner opera absolutely perfect and satisfactory to the untutored but to leave out the vocal parts. I wish I could see a Wagner opera done in pantomime onco. Then one would have the lovely orchestration unvexed to listen to and bathe his spirit in, and the bewilderingly beautiful scenery to intoxicate his eyes with, and the dumb acting could'nt mar these pleasures, because there isn't often anything in the Wagner opera that one would call by such a violent name as acting. As a rule all you would see would be a couple of silent people, one of them standing still, the other catching flics. Of course I do not really mean that he would be catching flies, I only mean that the usual operatic gestures, which consist in reaching first one hand out into the air and then the other, might suggest the sport I speak of if the operator attended strictly to business and uttered no sound. This present opera was 'Parsifal.' Mme. Wagner does not permit its repre sentation anywhere but in Bayreuth. The first act of the three occupied two hours, and I enjoyed that in spite of the singing. I trust that I know as well as anybody that sinking is one of the mo8t entrancing and bewitching and moving and eloquent of all the vehicles invented by man for the conveying of feeling ; but it seems to me that a chief virtue in song is melody, air, tune, rhythm, or what you please to call it, and that when this feature is absent what remains is a picture with the colour left out. I was not able to detecb in the vocal parts of 'Parsifal' anything that might with confidence be called rhythm, or tune, or melody. One person performed at a time — and a long time, too — often in a noble and always in a high priced voice ; but he only pulled out long notes, then some short ones, then another long one, then a sharp, quick, peremptory bark or two — and so on and so on ; and when he was done you saw that the information which he had con veyed had ? not compensated for the disturbance. Not always, but pretty often. If two of thorn would but put in a duet occasionally and blend the voices ; but no, they don't do that. The great master, who knew so well how to make a hundred instruments rejoice in unison and pour out their souls in mingled and melodious tides of delicious sound, deals only in barren solos when he puts in the vocal parts. It may be that he was deep, and only added the singing to his operas for the sake of the contrast it would make with the music. Singing ! It does seem the wrong name to apply to it. Strictly described, it is a practising of difficult and unpleasant intervals, mainly. An ignorant person gets thed of listening to gymnastic intervals in the long run, no matter how pleasant they may be. In ' Parsifal' there is a hermit named Gurnemanz who stands on the stage in the one spot and practises by the hour, while first one and then another character of the cast endures what he can of it, and retires to die. During the evening there was an inter mission of three-quarters of an hour after the first act, and one an hour long after the second. In both instances the theatre was totally emptied. People who had previously engaged tables in the one sole eating-house were able to put in their time very satisfactorily, the other thousand went hungry. The opera was concluded at 10 in the even ing or a little later. When we reached home we had been gone more than seven hours. Seven hours at §5 a ticket is almost too much for the money. While browsing about the front yard among the crowd between the acts I encountered twelve or fifteen friends fromdifferentpartsof America, andthoseof them who were most familiar with Wagner said that ' Parsifal' seldom pleased at first, but that after one had heard it several times it was almost sure to become the favourite. It seemed im possibls, but it was true, for the state ment came from people whose word was not to be doubted. And I gathered some further informa tion. On the ground I found part of a Herman musical magazine, andin italotter written by Uhlic thirty-three years ago, in which he defends the scorned and abused Wagner against people like me, who found fault with the comprehensive absence of what our kind regards as singing. Uhlic says Wagner despised ' jene plapperude musik,' and therefore 'runs, trills, and schnorkel are discarded by him.' I don't know what a schnorkel is, but now that I know it has been left Dut of these operas I never have missed anything so much in my life. And Uhlic Eurther says that Wagner's song is true song; that it is 'simply emphasized intoned speech.' That certainly describes it — in ' Parsifal' .and some of the other operas, and, if I understand Uilic's slaborate German, he apologizes for the beautiful airs in 'Tannlniuser.' Very well ; now that Wagner and I under stand each other perhaps we shall get ilong better and I shall stop calling him Waggner, on the American plan, and lereafter call him Voggner, as per Herman custom, for I feel entirely xiendly now. The minute we get re ionciled to a person how willing we .ire ;o throw aside little needless punctilios ind pronounce his name right ! Of course I came home wondering why aeople should come from all the corners jf America to hear these operas when we liave lately had a season or two of them :n New York with these same singers in ;he several parts and possibly this same jrchestra. I resolved to think that out it all hazards. (To he continued.) 