A FAMOUS ' FRENCH WRITER. A VISIT TO M. EDMOND DE GONCOURT. When people who have played a part on this World's stage choose (says tho Pall Mall Gazette) to take tho public into their confidence, mid forestall tho vulturous littérateur- who' hope to batten on their remains, they often lose old friends and make new enemies. Such, at, least, has been the experience of tho veteran French writer, Edmond de Goncourt, whose, "Journal," published in six successive volumes, reflected with too realistic a fidelity the world in which he lives and lived. Day by day tho two brothers, Jules and Edmond, kept a diary of what they had done, seen, and heard ; and those notes, pub- lished in their entirety, form perhaps tho most curious masculine document humain over penned, being impregnated with a far truer realism and subtler analysis than tho famous " Confessions " of Rousseau. To see ourselves as others see us is at all times a trying experience ; still more unpleasant must it seem to be confronted with the ghosts of old conversations belonging to a long dead past. As you sit in tho beautiful study in tho homo which tho two brothers made for themselves in tho pretty Paris suburb of Auteuil, it is difficult to realise that tho kindly, white-haired man, leaning back in a huge armchair the other side of the crackling wood fire, was Zola's predecessor in tho path of modern realism, and was at work on psychology before M. Bourget had cut his first teeth. The two gentilshommes Lorraine, fired by Honore de Balzac's example, came up, mere lads, from their province to tho conquest of Paris. In some ways tho brothers' lives recall 'more than one of their master's chefs d'aueve; for, lUke '. Cousin Pons," any land of curio had for them a strange attraction, and when not engaged in writing they spent most of their time in salerooms and tho dark, dingy little Paris curiosity shops, which at that time contained treasures offered for as many pence as they would now fetoh hundreds of pounds. M. Edmund de Goncourt has the most perfect colleotion of Japanese ivories and silk-paintings in Europe, and his gallery of eighteenth-centiiry drawings amd pastels has no rival but tho Louvre. " 'My brother aud I," he says smiling, "know that we could not buy pictures, so we made up our minds to try and find tho Masters' sketches. At that time black-and-white was thought of little account, amd the most exquisite studies by Nattier, Watteau, and Boucher were scarcely worth more tham lithographs of their paintings. Often we would go without dinner in order to buy a quaint esquisse or pastel. Every new find was a joy in those days ;' tho eightoentli century was con- sidered rococo ; autographs, furniture, tapestries could be picked up for a mere trifle, but even then we often had to wait some weeka before we had saved tho few francs wherewith to put-base tho desired object, and every day there woro ¡ palpita- tions as wo approacbed tho window of tho dealor, ' Is it still there f ' ' Yes ! ' We breathod again ! " It would bo diflloult to cniimornto tho objets d'art with which this "liouso beautiful" is fillodfrom hall to garret. The talon, opening out upon tho long gnrdou, is lined with sepia studies signed Boucher, Nattier, and Lebrun- familiar to all who havo mado a study of Louis XV. art. Great Beauvais "ipostrios look ns though thoy had but yesterday loft the King's prcscuco- chambor at Versailles or l'ontaineblonu ; and hard by, in tho dining-room, n cnndelohrn, modelled hy Clodion, lights up the table and eight chair« carved by Mu-iiros, which aro tlio euvy of -ovory col- lector who can got . a 6Íght of _I. do Gqueourt's treasures. But to-day »yo have come to Jet. do Gonoourt's houso for some talk about him- self. . " Is it truo," wo ask him, " that you intend stopping tho publication of tbo con eluding volumes of your Journal?" " Yea," ho says slowly; "I shall bring out a solcotion only. But if you wait a littlo while you will «¡oo tho wholo untouched and uu-Bowdlerised, for after my death the remaining volamos will be published in integral form. I found tho conse- quences attendant ou tho appearance of these notes too unpleasant ; they obliged mo to bo nearly always engaged in somo odious controversy as to what I, or somebody else, did or did not say, &o..; &o.; I am onguged uow on n life of Outiimiiro, the groat Japanese artist, whioh absorbs all ray thoughts and time. I do not caro to begin another work of fiction, but doubtless the eighteenth cou tiuy will give mo yet moro material of au in- teresting kind. Nothing is so interesting in human life us to reconstitute n living soul out of a packet of old letters. What a joy ! Tho longer I livo the moro I appreciuto the realities of life. An artist should never waste his time on the falso and spurious. " " And what is your opinion of the Naturalistic school of literature?"-"Well, I think that tho ' Naturist ' school, as tho Japanese would term it, has had its day and must now resign itself to give way to a newer genre. After all, 50 years is a long life for a literary method ; and both tho old romanticism and so-called realism have done their work and prepared tho way for what is to come." ' ' And of what do you think the literature of the future will consist;-"-" You may have noted that any new attempt at expression is in violent contradiction to that which it hopes to supersede Therefore I am tempted to believe that those we style symbolists and decadents will have a turn, also that verse will replace prose. If you ask me what effect that will have on tho literature of tho twentieth century I cannot pretend to toll with any accuracy, for I read more prose than poetry. Still, I doubt if a great intellectual movement can be put in motion through tho medium of verse. Victor Hugo was, it seems to me, tho great start- ling exception which proved the rule ; and his real work was in prose. I do not see in the fol- lowers of tho new schools any promise of tho kind of work accomplished by Hugo and even Chateau- briand among the Romanticists, and by Zola and Daudet among tho Naturalists." "You yourself, Maître, wero a precursor of Realism?"-"Yes," answors M. do Goncourt, smiling a little sadly. .' We, my brother and I, were Realists before Realism arose. But I think tho true writer does not wish to confine himself to any special school. Has not Zola created 'Le Reve,' and I, who wrote ' Germinie Lacerteux,' also signed 'Mdme. Gervaisais," which is as psychological a study of human life as the most advanced psychologues could wish for?" " And where will the novel stand in the litera- ture of to-morrow?"—"'I myself believe, and that in spite of tho over-increasing sale of popular works of fiction, that novels will soon be things of tho past. Tho novel has said all that can be said. I feel sure that some other medium for expressing the emotions will be finally discovered, and those who invent or find out what this medium ought to be will be the literary masters of the twentieth century." " And I suppose, Slaitro, that it is with,» view to that that you composed your Academy ?" " Ah ! that 'Acude>.iia do Goncourt,' how that has been discussed and marvollcd at ! After nil, tho wholo thing is very simple. When my brother and I were young, »tniggling littérutours, we saw many %of our, comrades, even loss fortunato thnn ourselves; Vrio could not produce tho work lying in their hiains for sheer want of cash. Some had to toll at a desk all day ; others frittered IhcmBelves over theatrical critioism and various kinds of journnli-tio work, and all for want of a small incomo. It was thon that Jules and I Enid to ourselves, ' If over it is within our power, wo will found an academy and endow a certain num- ber of writers with the means with which to live simply and in tranquillity.' You will guess what a long time ago this idea first started in our minds when I tell you that among tho young authors whom we hoped to benefit wore Emile Zola, Théophile Gautier, Theodore de Banville, and half a dozen others, now, alas ! either dead or famous. I need hardly observe that no member of the Frenoh Academy would be eligible. After my death my collection and tho copyright of my books will be sold, and with the proceeds my friend and helper. Alphonse Daudet, will found the Academic de Goncourt. I cannot tell you who would form part of it, for every year now writers spring up, and tho unknown man of yesterday maybe an Immortal to- morrow. Still, I think I may mention such authors as Rosny, Margueritte, and Hennique as possible members of my academy. In any case, I hope that some struggling genius will have reason to bless my name. I am a lonely man, my brother and my- self gave up all thought of domestic life in order to be really able to carry out this idea, and I am indeed fortunate in knowing that I am leaving everything in tho hands of my good friend Daudet, who will do everything exactly as I would have it done." WAHOH'S -tn-ivo Poiviis» obtained the -ret-ola«» only aw»r- of highest degree of meut. WougU's Baking ronlier is the bes--l__»y_J 