PE UAL SERVITUDE van: frlEMAN’S LAND. 13.US CHRONICLES. [all incurs kesekveu. No. 10. . KLLEH BTRKE, ~ Tho day after Judge Forbes adjourned the trial at Stapleton and his companions for three dayB, ao that the attendance of Blair might be secured, a vessel named the Bobert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from Queens* town Harbor, Cork, She was a trading ves sel, and had only two paasergers on board^ One of them a woman, about thirty year3 o age, and the other an elderly man who ac companied her. Those on board were not aware of the reason which induced these two persons to voluntarily leave the old country for Tan Dieman’s Land, and neither did they want to know, as they had paid for their passages, and it was no business of the cap tain to enquire. The reader may at once be told that the woman was Ellen Byrne, and the elderly gentleman.was Mr Michael Hcff=rnan, are tired lawyer of the town of Kilkenny', and to whose care the girl had been committed on the death of her only surviving parent (her mother) five years previously. A small pro perty was left, barely enough to support the girl, bat Bhe lived with Htfiernan and hi3 wife, and was as well treated as if she had been their own child. When she expressed her firm intention of going out to Van D:e man’s Land and socking out Henry Sceple ton, after sho had received the Comptroller General’s letter stating he had settled in the colony, her guardian, seeing he could not dissuade her, deoided to accompany her to the island, and they took passage from Cork in the first vessel which sailed for the penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a re spectable hotel in Macquarie Street, and the following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the prisoner’s barracks, to whom they had letters of introduction* from promi nent ecclesiastical dignitaries and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received, and when their business was stated tl.e priest willingly agreed to introduce them to the Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they said tho name of the man they wished to find was Henry Stapleton, and he had been pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had an interview with the Comptroller Gen eral, who expressed his willingness to en lighten them on any point that he could, but when Mr Hcfiernan told him his husiness the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General clouded slightly. “ I think if yon wait until to-morrow I will be able to show you the man yon want. Meet me here at 9 o’clock to-morrow morn ing, and then I will arrange that you shal1 see Stapleton.” That was the substance of all he said, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would Bee the object of their long journey on the morrow. Tneyhad not anticipated such expedition, and were in high spirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for the com ing day. Meanwhile Judge Forbes was not idle. He well knew that if there had been any under hand work with Stapleton’s pardon—and if prisoner’s statement were cruo there had been—the officials responsible for it would throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it. Therefore he had no sooner left the bench than he made arrangements for three mounted constables to be at once despatched to Blair’s land, and to bring back the owner. He privately told the men that speed was most .desirable, and to carry out the order a6 rapidly &b; possible. Wragge had not counted on such ha3te being made, but he knew that he could not act too quickly, and at once ' sought out a man on whom he could rely, and told him ha would give him City pounds if he oould reach Blair's house and warn him that he was in danger before the constable’s got him. Tho man was a creature of the Superintendent’s, and I readily agreed to do as desired. The well mounted constables were, however, more than a match for him, and with the start they bad ! reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge’s messenger. He was working in a field a short distance away, but he came across to the house whan ho saw tho horse men. Tho head constable told him that he would have to accompany them back to Hobart Town, and he seemed very anxious to know for what reason ho was required. “ Ob, a fellow named Blair, who is being tried for the mutiny at number cino station says his name is Stapleton and not Blair, and the judge adjourned - the case for three days so that you might be brought to dis prove the statement.” As he spoke tho facs of Blair turned a sickly green, and his agitation was so notice able that it did not esespe the attention of the constables who good uaturediy rallied him on hi3 nervousness about attending a court. Two of them ascribed it to the natural disinclination which ex-convicts had to judges and juries, but the chief, who wa3 more observant, commenced to think that there was more in the mutineer's assertions than he had previously believed, and he de termined to carefully note the Bettler. The latter asked them to dismount and hare something to eat while he was getting ready to go back, with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, and plaoed their horses in an adjoining shed. The truth was Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course ha should adopt. Although the mutiny had happened a month previously, he was net aware that there bad been an outbreak at the Btation. They wero so common that the settlers took little notice of them unless one or more of the oonvicts escaped, and the only one who had an interest in sanding him news wsb Superintendent Wragge, and he had not done so. That official thought it would not he wise to do so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possible that there might be no trouble in oonnection with the matter, and if so nothing but harm could re sult from takiDg fright at a shadow. He had not expected that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that the judge would listen to him as patiently as he had. If the worst came to the worat he would have time to send a messenger to Blair to escape, and that would be sufficient. Blair made up hi3 mind that the best thing fae could do would bo to go back with the constables and fight the matter out, and he was in the house talking to the officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outside. He opened the door as a man rode up, who (was considerably taken aback when lie saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what brought him there in in such a hurry. “ I am sure the fellow has been sent here to warn this man, and he haa been sent by Wragge, for he is a tool of his ” was the constable's muttered comment. The horse man mumbled out an oxcuee by saying that he was passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and as there was no use in arguing with him he obtained what he wanted and left. He had been too late, and Wragge would have to do the best he could, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in such a way. So the fel low thought as he rode away. The three officers and Blair were soon in the saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, which they reached late in the evening, and went to the quarters at the soldiers' barracks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put np at an hotel and pay his own expenses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. Later in the evening Wragge presented him self at the banaoks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under which name of course Blair went), bnt he was told that without an order from the Comptroller General he oould not. Judge Forbes had asked the Comp: (roller to prohibit anyone seeing Stapleton it the constables brought him back, as he de. desired that he should not be interfered with in any manner, and it was in pursuance of that request that late at night he refused Wraggo an order when he applied for it. Very little excitement was manifested next morning in Hobart Town at the trial of the fire prisoners (one of them had died from his wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with . their accompanying or resulting executions were too familiar to create much interest, and though tho small oourt was full of spec- | tators, that number was not more than fifty. I The judge took his seat on the bench, and then tbe fire mutineers were placed in the dock, and pleaded not guilty to mutiny and murder. They had scarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General entered with iltfier- j nan and Eilen Byrne, and the official told them that Stapleton would soon mnke bis appearance. At the same time ho asked them if they knew any of the prisoners m the dock. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Stapleton. It was little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In biB prison clothes, emaciated, and close cropped, he was an utterly changed man. When Stapleton was asked if he still persisted in saying that his name was not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice that ho did,'and as ho spoke Miss Byrne started as though she recognised the voice, and turning to Heffernan told him that Bhe almost fancied it was Henry Staple ton who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, but mads no comment. Ho was asked again what his name was, and answered that is was Henry Stapleton. Ihe girl had been watching him intently, and when he gave tho last answer her guardian was alarmed, for she had the oppearance of being about ' to faint. Ha turned to the cCiaial and told him he was afraid he would have to leave the court, ns his lady friend w.i3 not well, but the girl recovered herself and protested against going out. Alter the second answer of the prisoner tho judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should bo called, and as hs stepped timidly into the witness box the Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man before them was the person they Bought. They looked at him wish dull amaze, and in tho same breath replied that he was n 36 even remotely like him. “ That man is no more Henry Stipleton, of Kil kenny, than I ani,” was Jiillernan’s em phatic answer. . . " Well, it lies between him and the second prisoner of the row in the [took. That man asserts that ho is the real Stapleton, and the other man an imposter, and it is for that reason I have asked you here to-day, as the judge is anxious to settle the question. If Henry Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours,” the Comptroller went on, glancing at Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that for your BakeB the person in the witness box was the man you sought.* “ What are the prisoners oharged with?” asked Hiffernan anxiously, as he saw the girl staring at the second man in the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. “ Mutiny and murder, and the case is clear against them. I.faar there is no hope—” He waB interrupted by his female com panion swaying against him, and then with a moan falling back in a dead faint. She had recognised Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril ha was in. S jme little commotion was caused by the fit, and as Htfisman and an attendant carried her out the Comptroller whispered to him to come back as soon as possible, as it was import ant. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton could not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing cf course that he was Stapleton. That he came from Kilksuny, ;and telling"the judge the points that he had previously obtained from Wraggo. He stout ly maintained that the prisoner’s mme was Blair, and that be had worked with him at number nine station, and kuew him well. Tne live prisoners in the dock cried out that the man in the witness box was really Blair, and matters seemed to ha about the same as at first, for little reliance was placed on con victs’ statements. Wraggo followed Blair, and wilfully per jure! himself by swearing that the man who had just given evidence was in reality Henry Stapleton. That ho knew him well, having worked with him nine years before at the brick yards in Hobart Town. This was veri fied by the records, and it seemed as though tho real Stapleton’s statements would bs con troverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that he had t wo important witnesses who. would he able to identify the real Stapleton if he were present. The judge asked them to come forward .and allow no one to leave the court. Hcfiernan and Mis3 Byrne, who had re covered, did as asked, and the judge ordered the former into the witness box, and asked him who he was. He told him that he had just reached Hobart Town from the town of Kilkenny to fiud ono Henry S’aoieton. Blair was placed in Hunt of him, and ho was asked if that wa3 the man, but he said em phatically no. He was nothing like him. Blair was the very picture of misery as he Stood on tho floor o! the court trembling, for he knew that the game was up. Wragge was little better, for he wa3 as white as a ghost. He was next asked if he knew the prisoner iu ths dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long eorutiny he said that, although greatly changed, he believed he was tho man. and that a young lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised his voice a3 that of her lost sweetheart. This created a slight flutter in court, and Stapleton said if the judge would cause HtlHman to beU him different questions about his native place he would speedily con vince him of his identity. This was done, and the answers given made it abundantly clear that tho convict was the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who had been cruelly deprived of it. Ellen Byrne wa3 pieced in the box next, and a painful scene followed after she bad sworn that the man in the dock was Henry Stapleton, and how ehe had recognised him by his voice. Tbe prisoner was overcome, and she fainted at tne Bight of his grief and altered appearance, and the fact that he wa3 being tried fGr his life. She was carried out of court for the second lime, and then the judge asked Blair how he oarne to commit such a crime. The murderous ruffian broke down utter ly, and confessed that he hod been asked to tuke Stapleton’s clothes by Wragge and Ben eon, fur whose murder the prisoners were be ing tried. He related clearly everything as it occurred and wniek the reader already knows; and though the superintendent tried to deny it, and swore that hs must have been deceived by a conspiracy between Bt-nsnn and Blair, the circumstances attending it pointed so glaringly to him as the prime mover, tnat toe judge ordered his arrest on charges cf murder, conspiracy, and perjury (Blair bad confessed about the murder of the prisoner at Macquarie Harbor Station). Two of the court oonstables were advanc ing to arrest him when ho took a double barrelled pistol from his pocket and fired point blank at Blair, who fell, and tnen blew his own bruins ou* on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and was sent to Norfolk Is land for five years. Notwithstanding the facts adduced—-no evidence being given that he had struck a single blow in the murder of Benson—the fire convicts were fonnd guilty and executed, Stapleton amongst the rest. Strenuous i Hurts were made to save him, but the bloody convict law bad to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart- broken woman. “ I hope my visits are not disagreeable to yon,” he said. “ Not at all,” she politely answered. “ I have sometimes thought that I wearied * %h, no, No matter how gloomy I feel when yon call, I am always happy when you go." 