THE OLD 'UN'S NOTE-BOOK; \- — — Q PILOT BOY TvIXS TUB CUP. A Bay for Amateurs. THE S !'KEPI<EC1IASE COURSE. Tattersall's Meeting Selections. Pilot Boy is a good niuno for a winner. Wo never think of theso things, however, until after tho race. Pilot Boy steered Mr. Oxonham's colors to victory in the Birthday Cup, and coming with 'a cleai course and a wet sail down tho straight, landed a hard- fought win by a head. Thero were only three horses backed . for any amount of money in tlierace, Marvel, Florrie, and Pilot Boy. Had a man had the courage to punt on the three lio would have won. fivcr-on encli wonld havo resulted ill ,a win of .£40. It was the straight tip for Pilot Boy when Mr. Oxenhnm stood him for his book, and \- I liopo ho had a good win. ' Gozo's stock havo come out well so far, and ho is a pro mising sire. The raco for tho Birthday Cnp was ono of tho best wo have seen for soino timo. It was true run all tho way, and thero was no shirking. When a liorso . like St. Blaise makes tlio pace for a mile it cannot be a bad race. Tho time was not particularly fast, but when we con sider the going and the long grass on tho track it must bo put down as a good per formance. Curiously cuougli, Pilot Boy and Alexandor, the first and second, wore tho last pair away, and neither showed prominently until they roaclied the slieds. It was a rattling good race down the straight, and although Alexander made a desperate effort to catch Pilot Boy, be did liobquitosuccecd. Tho Workman ran agreat liorse.and ho had none tho best- of luck or ho mightliave won. Marvel never gotnear the front rank, and Shamrock ran much nearer tho front than tho black for tho greater part of the way. Bungob&li;, as I expected lie would, beat Marvel, and he ran very respectably. Florrie looked all ovor a winner at the home turn; but the sound pace and the heavy going stopped bor at the finish. Fog's win in tho Hurdlo Raco was popular, and she is ono of tlio gamest little mares ever looked through a bridle. Had slie a bit more size she would be another Caloolafor tho Bathurst folk to follow. As it is she is always worth a sov, and I think she will win again to-day if Mr. Cousins elects to run lier. Killaruoy looked short of a gallop. I hear thero is some doubt about his starting to-day, but if lie were my liorse I should give liim a clianeo. VesplianojEell, but I do not think slio could have won under any circumstances. Hengist ran badly, and tho wonder is how he managed to got home in front of Fog on Thursday. In the Corinthian Plato Carlist was favorite, and lie carried his list 101b in great style. Pro- Consul beat him borne, but I doubt if lio would have done so bad Carlist finished stronger, or, rather, had his jockey ridden with more determination. Freeman romped home for tho Steeplechase, none of tlio others having a ghost of a chance with him. He is a real good liorso and a brilliant fencer, and although ho made ono mistake, it was not serious. Hendricks says he could have won just as easily had tho distanco been two miles, as the liorse was going very well. An absurd protest was entered against Free man for running Harrio Aulh and Singleton off at the last fence, but it was very properly dismissed. The Swell and Lady Edda were well backed for the Farewell Handicap. The Swell ran well, but Alcides turned out to bo tho winner, and well ridden by Moran he came in a good first. Sam Woller came with such a rattle at the finish that ho ought to have a big chance in tho Flying to-day. A day's racing for amateur riders takes placo on Wednesday, and the programme consists of four races only. This is quito enough, but I think the ontrance to tho paddock might be reduced, say, to 5s, or even 7s Gd at the highest. Tho sport will hardly be worth half a sovereign, and as one raco is cut off the public, should be considered in the. matter. I notice several horses are entered that have figured well at picnic raco meetings, and Mr. M'Pli ill amy's Workman, who has won six times off the reel, is in. I presumo Mr. Lydiard will ride him. We shall also, no doubt, see Mr. J. H. M'lntosh, of Bathurst, in tho saddle, and I wish he had been on Carlist last Saturday. It will bo interesting to see how the amateurs figure over the hurdles. I hope no bones or necks will be broken. Perhaps the hurdles had hotter be reduced to two feet. The monthly meeting of tlio A.J.C. com mittee was fyold on Thursday afternoon, when among tho other business transacted it was decided that tho last fence (opposito tho St. Legor) of tho steeplechase course shall bo placed in the middle of the track instead of close to tho inner rails as hitherto. This is an alteration that must commend itself to all steeplechase owners and riders. "V orax," in an interview with Mr. Dan O'Briou, gob tho colobrated owner and trainer's .opinion on ..the matter, and perhaps this may have liad something to do with tho decision of tho committee. A good clear run at a straight fence is much safer than a leap at ono on the bend. When tho fonco is romovod into tlio straight I don'.t think thero will be so many spills over this jump. Tattersall's Winter meeting takes placo to-day at Randwick, and thoro is ovury prospect of a good day's sport. Proceed ings will cominouce with tho HURDLE RACE, for which Fog has tho impost of list 121b, but I think she could havo carried that when slio boat Killaruoy last Saturday. If Lyndlrarst starts with a winning mission ho should bo dangerous. Killaruoy, if ho starts, will run woll. Marquo should havo a chanco, aud if Pro-Consul cau fonco lio should vory nearly win. I liko the chances of FOG 1 Simon 2 Marque 3 FLYING HANDICAP. A great blow to doiible-pvont backers is tho scratching of Ciunino, who had a great chanco. Tlio Workman, if started, will bo in tlio first tlirco, but ho may bo kept for tho Winter Stakos. Tho Swell 7st lllb lias a big show, and so has Utter with 8st. Alcidos is a likoly placo-gettcr, but I liavo more faucy for Sam Weller, who came very fast at tho finish last Saturday. Of Bliss, I liavo a good opinion, and do not take much account of her form with Candour. Montana, if tho stable aro right in their estimate of her, should bo liaudy. To pick tho winuer I will select Sam Weller or Bliss, with Candour and Montana as tho best of tbo others. SELLING RACE. Lady Lovel or Lord Prix. STEEPLECHASE. GRAND WING ... 1 Singleton 2 Lone Jack ... ... 3 WINTER STAKES. _ Tlio sweep on this event will make a little difference, aud probably ono or two Flying Handicap horses will be kept for it if their ownors get a bit to nothing laid boforo- the first race. Tho Workman, with a run, with go vory close, and Pilot Boy is by no means out of it. Lower down tho list Alexander aiid Brown. Boss should run well. Sam Woller, if ho carries no penalty, will be handy with 7st, and oven with a penalty ho should boat more than beat him. Pippin should prove tho best of the light weights, without Silver Knight for a change took it iuto his head to gallop.. Taking ono consideration with another, tho sweep being ono of tho considerations, I fancy tlio winner will come from The Workman or Sam Weller, with Pippin and Alexander tlio best of tlio others. 