THE TRAVELLER. A TOKELAU JRAGEDY. . "By T. H. Priohard. The recent proclamation ot a British pro tectorate over the Gilbert Group by Captain Davis, of H.M.S. Royalist, invites some refer ence to this singular Arcbipoiago, and its equally singular people, while it also recalls to mind the incidents of a somewhat thrilling tragedy, in which certain of the latter were the principal actors. The" Gilbert Group consists of some IS or 16 islets, lying north nndaonth of the equator, in 170 to 180 east longitude. They are all atolls, that is mere rings of coral, upon which soil has very sparsely accumulated, each one having tbo same annular formation, with its interior lagoon. Between the lagoon and the sen tliero iB no visible communication, though in heavy weather, when .tiro surf has washed away a passage whore the sail offered least resistance, boats hnvo been tnken over the roof into the lagoon without much difficulty. . But though there is no visible com munication'. there must still be a submarine con nection, sinco in some cases the lagoon watora rise and fall with the rising and falling tide. The highest of these islands': is not moro than 20 feet abovo sea love, and in many cases there aro but ' a few inches of soil overlying the coral formation. The coooanut tree and the pandanus aro almost the only! representatives of vegetation, though a certain kind , of taro (Aruiii EscufcntuuiJ ia grown with great diOioulty. . The islands have no fresh water, and the people with which they swarm have to rely upon what tlicy can' catch in the hollows ' they make in the bases of the cocoanut trees and upon the milk of the nuts. " Wherever a tree inclines from; the perpendi cular," the whole heart is oxcavated on the, under side, and a cavity made that when full contains several bucketa of water. This is husbanded with tlio most jealous, care, and is used very sparingly. The sea supplies all other food, and as n result of tbiB strictly ichthyophagous diet the people are often little less scaly than the fiBh thsy eat. But the compensating advantago is that when a man has caught a fish aud stolen a cooonnut tho world Iras nothing more to oiler him in the way of gas- tronomio luxury. 1 Of the people themselves it may be said that, though they are very interesting as ethno logical studies tlioy arc not othorwiso attractive in person, manners or habits. In fact, the lost two may be summarised in a sentence — Manners none ; habits beastly. They havo'vory low moral, and still lower religious ideas, and have refused to receive missionaries becauso they say tho islands arc so crowded that there is no room for strangers. This is partly true, since the population of tho smaller island, Peru, has been set at 1500, while that of Tapitoiiewa has been estimated at 7000. As Line Islanders tlioy are known to Europeans under tho gencrio title of Tokclaus, though, ' according to the geographers, the Tokelau or Union Group lies some distance to tho south-east. The people are of Malayo- Polynesian origin, though they differ widely from almost every ' other branoh of the samo family. They have . neither the clear brousc of those lying to tho south, nor tho dead blaok of the races to the -westward, but thoy aro of a dirty shade of black, with perfectly straight, lank, coarse hair, showing at onoo how largely the Malay enters into their composition. The women- nro ! specially noticeable in this particular, since the hair, whioh generally . hangs about them in matted elf looks, -is as profuse, as . thai of a European. Tho women of Rarotougn and Tahiti, the belles of the Pacifio, have not moro luxuriant trcssoB, but in point of texture and brilliancy tho contrast in favor of the latter could scarcely bo mora marked. Both men and women aro of fair stature, but thoy have bnd faces aud worso tompors. This latter finds very ready expression through tho medium of tho Tokolau'B most benevolent invention, tho shark's teeth knife. Admirablo specimens of th.so may be seen in tbo Publia Museum, but by way of readior information it may bo explained that tho knife is a long rough blndo of aocoanut wood, with tho tcoth firm fastened to tho edges points uppermost r- with fino sinnct (ic., twine mndo out of coooanut husk fibro). Tho completed knife has tho appearnnoo of a double edged saw, with tho teeth as sharp as needles ; and it can bo under stood that when a out is made with tlioso things, tho body of tho viotim being unoovorcd and the operator giving tho weapon the soionttfia "draw" motion which is most effective, the result is a frightful laceration. In their readi ness to use this tool the Tokclaus aro tho Spaniards of tho Pacifio. Thoy nro of a jealous, quarrelsome temperament, and as conjugnl fidelity is a virtuo unknown to tlioir women kind, thero is very frequent rcoourso to tho national law givor. Fow speotaolcs ' aro more horrible than that presented by half a dozen " Tucks," malo and female, engaged in a battle royal, Binco tbey are blood-besmeared from bead to foot, and eaoh combatant is every mihuto uxpeoted to fall and givo up the ghost Tbo woiinds nro not so dangerous as they appear, as tho knives tear the flesh withont penetrating to any dopth, tho teeth being not more than half an inoh or two-thirds of an ineii deep. But the after cffcots nro visible in great, long, raised walos, and it is seldom that a Tokelau man or woman is mot with whose cuticle from the wnist up, nrmB and all, is not divided and subdivided by these cicatricos into moro numerous allotments than an eligible building estate in land boom time. His somewhat Btrnitcncd circumstances at home makes the Tokelau very willing to ongagoasa laborer for service in tho more fortilo Soutliorn groups, whoro, liowover, lie is not held in high respcot as a laborer. For hs is not only intolor- v ably lazy, but with his exoitablo anil quarrel some disposition the substitution of a 16 inch Btool weeding knifo for one of sharks' teoth loads to frequent trouble, since, if It cuts cleaner, it also outs decpor, and what would only be damage with the one is death with the other. Another trait which the interesting Tokelau derives from his far away Malay anocstors is ah absolute indifference to personal consequences when, he gets into a red flurry. Under this inilucnco ho will soize knifo, and run a-muok at a regiment, hacking, slashing, stabbing and cut ting in all directions, quite satisfied to pay tho penalty if ho can oniy do the desired damage. Then when he is overpowered and made fast ho has an uncomfortable knaok of doubling his tongue book in ilia throat and deliberately ohoking himself before the eyes of his oaptors. It is these charming charac teristics which make the Tokelau on tho rampage n porson to bo very carefully avoided,' nnd: which led up to the following trngio inoideht , It was in '73, under tlio old flag, that a de- taohment of his. Fijian Majesty's Bau regiment was in quarters at Totoga. This was a native town just in rear of Levuka, surrounded by a " fighting fonco" (a good substantial breastwork of stoneB and enrth) and a half filled moat, whioh served the double purpose of barrack yard and gaol reserve. The detachment, which was offi cered by Europeans, furnished the prison guard, Captain Harding, the commandant, being also Inspector Harding, Chief of Armed Constabulary, goncral oustodian of everything and ovorybody requiring authoritative supervision. Within tho cnelosuro was a substantially constructed look- up, built of cocoanut trunks, Inid chock and log fashion. ' The placo had ono central passage running foro anil aft, with a goneral rcccptaclu for native prisoners on ono side, and colis for more aristoaratio white offenders on tho other, the oho entrance being barred by a stout gate. It was not as strong as tho Bastille, or the Tower of London, but rcliauoo was ohiofly placed upon tbo guard, relieved overy two hours ; and as a dini light hung from tho roof in tlio centre of ! tho, passage, and tho sentry could therefore sco in each time ho pasBod, it 'was considered to be ' fairly soouro: i Its obief fault was, however, that it was overcrowded on tho natlvo side, and for the better custody of certain desperate pri soners, they were ironed; and handcuffed at night by ono wrist to ringbolts in tho floor of the cell. Among tho other prisoners were two Tokclaus from Tapiteuwcn, who in a genoral fight with steel knives which had taken place on the plantation where they were laborers had bo carved upsomo of their women folk that one had been murdered outright and several othors wcro dangerously woundod. ThcBO men wcro await- , ing trial, and as strangers in a strange land, hold prisoners under armed guard among a people of whose language they know no word, tho dread of what was to follow had haunted them with a nameless torror. Close to tho rude prison n lock-up of moro pro- > tontious character was in course of crootion, . and tho carpenters were using timbers from wliioh thoy had to out about about 2 feet 6 inches to waste. Thoso billots were mueh coveted by tho prisoners for pillows, and, OB It afterwards proved, several had beon smngglod into the gaol for that purposo. So matters ' stood, when ono morning about 2 o'clock the plaoe was roused by a moro unearthly din than was ever heard outside of pandemonium. It brought everyone within hoaring wide awake in an instant. There was no mistaking its okaracter. Thoro was murder in its agonising and affrighted shrieking. It was tlie ory of men in mortal torror from somo cause against whioh thoy were unablo to contend, and n an instant Captain Harding and his lieuten ant Btood revolver in hand beforo tbo wioket. The placo was in total darkness, and tbo excited sentry could only explain that something had 1 smashed the lamp, and that then tho torriblo upioar had begun. 'What was going on inside ' that crowdod coll oould only bo guessed from ' tho maddoned shouts of terror stricken men, svhoso outorioB woro unintelligible but for tho oft repeated scream of "murder." Thon, as if to emphasiso this, tlioro camo at Intervals tho dull, heavy "thud" of blows struok upon naked bodies, followod by a Bliriok or a ' groan tolling how tho blow bad sped. Calling loudly for lights the two white men dashed into tho main pnssage, now dark as darkest midnight, and slipping tho bolts of tho two colldoors, tried to foroo an entrance, but only to And that tho door was firmly held from inside. Still the torriblo outcry continued, nnd still tho heavy thud was beard, while tho darkness nnd uncer tainty rendered tho position tho more trying. At last, as tho door slightly yielded under the pressure applied, Harding passed his hand round nnd fired in the dircotion of tho resisting foroe. Thero was a ory or exclamation, and as tho door gave way tho white men Bprang into tho cell, where darkness, terror and murder conjoined to hoighten tho impalpablo horror. It was a timo to try tho stoutest nerve, that fivo minutes, standing with eyes straining Into the darkness, with ears affrighted by tho outcries, tho still descending blows, nnd with arm extended above tho bead to atop tho full force; of any stroke tnat might desoend. "Lights! firing lights!" was tho . reiterated command. " Will you never bring ' lights, and let us sco what is going on in this devil's don." The wait Bocmed Interminable, but at last the light flashed in. Tlioro was a momen tary glimpse of a nudo figuro swinging aloft one of thoso murderous billets of sawn timber ; thon a Bliot, and tho man dropped his club, swayed an instant, and fell forward on his . face. With tho light and tho visible prosenco of the white officers, the tumult in a measuro sub sided, but tho placo was liko a shambles. ' Close by tho door lay tho lifolcss body of ono Tokolau. In tho farther oornor lay the corpse of the other, shot through tho brain. On the floor lay two of the manacled prisoners, bleed ing profusely from gaping wounds on tho bead, whllo among tlio other excited prisoners now crowding round tho wliito men woro several showing signs of tho terriblo ordeal through which they iiad passed. " It was the Tokelaus, Saka. They clubbed us with tho pieces of wood," was tho explanation, which fuller inves tigation confirmed. The prisoners who could tnovo about bad suffered least, but tho men in konB bad been fearfully belabored. Fortu- nately the Fijian skull is thick, and when their wounds had been nttendod to tho men, carriod out insensible, rapidly rcoovered. Tho Tokolaus were both dead, but, strango to say, though tho oauso in ono caso was olear enough, tho post mortem which preceded tho formal inquest levealed that tho other had died, not from a bullet wound, hut from a fractured skull. The only conclusion possible was tiiat .while, holding back the cell door, or immediately after tho firing of tho first shot, ho had been oncountorcd in tho darkness by his own comrade, nnd had met death at his hands. How tho light went out was never fully explained, and it is possiblo that the dos- pornto men took ndvantngo of an accidental cireumstnnco to run a-muck under decidedly novel conditions, with the. exciting results and fatal consequences I liavo herein described. 