THE DISCARDED DAUC*HTER. Mas. ETMA SBoUTrwo?Tn. CHAPTER XLVI.-Continued. 'But you did not tell her that she was (General Garnet's granddaughter. It was something else you told her,' said Elsie. SI--don't 'fuse my mind. I don't 'member what the words were, but that's what the meaning was.' SI remember what the words were exactly,i said Elsie; ' she sail she was "his own flesh and blood."' ' To be sure I did; that's just what 1 did say. It's all in the yellow hair trunIt-her mother's little yellow hair trunk. I never knowed anything about it until I come here to live, because I never had no chance to fool my time away ransacking of old papers afore. If you'll all stop talking to me, I'll tell you all about it, and you can read the rest. You see, General Garnet, when he was a boy about seventeen or eighteen years old, he falls in love long of a poor gal, and marries her secretly. In about a year arter this, the poor gal she died, leyv ing of a young infant son. Then General Garnet-he was Mr. Garnet then-he being a wild young 'man, and not wanting to be bothered with children, he puts this child out to nurse, and goes off and forgets all about it. But the boy, as he grew up, he knew, somehow, who his father was, and sort o' always had a hankering'arter find ing him. Well, he didn't meet his father till he listed in the wars, when he was no more than fourteen years of age; and he served under him the whole length of the war; and though General Garnet-he was Captain Gar net then-being a handsome, dashing, gay young officer, would not acknow. ledge or even notice his son, yet the boy seemed to worship the very yeth his father walked on. He seemed to live for but one thing in the world to love and serve his handsome but onnateral father. He watched over the safety of his life and his honour. Twice he saved his father's honour at the loss of his own reputation; and that was the reason why he never got to be anything better 'an a corporal, all the time he sarved in the war. I'll tell you all about it some time, or else you can read it all in the old letters in the little yellow hair trunk. Well, and at last he saved his father's life, at the expense of a dreadful wound, that, arter years of illness, eauted his death. Well, this boy-though his father didn't set any store to him, and his c.mrades didn't valley him, as they ought to 'a done-was thought a heap on by my wild little cousin. And so, when he come from the wars, wounded, and feeble, and broken-hearted, she stole away to him, and they were married. She said she could work for both, and she did work for both till he died. Well, arter the poor mis fortunate young man was dead and gone, I suppose-General Garnet's con science, as had been stone dead long before, had a.,-resurrection, or else the ghost of his murdered conscience haunted him, for he paid a visit to the young widow, and found her grieving herself to death. Well, he made a whole parcel o' splendid promises as he never fulfilled. . And when the poor young thing died, leaving her little darter in hiscare, he jest passed her over to me as a great favour, and that was the very last I ever saw of him or his promises, till he quarrelled long o' his own darter, and then he comrned over and 'dopted Nettie. You see, God never could prevail with him to do anything, but the devil could make him do as he pleased.' S' There, there, Miss Joe, that will do,' interrupted MrIr. Garnet, to whom these severe reflections were deeply painful. ' Never, Miss Joe, cast un necessary reproach upon the memory of.the dumb defenceless dead.' 'I won't. I am sure if the Lord pardons him, we can. I won't say .a.'y m oie; 'Only if yoiu wanltto know all the particulars you see, you can read the letters in the little yellow hair trunk. And that's the end of the story; and now I know the coffee is spoilt.' ' Garnet, you have a right to blush for your parentage-but let it be a blush of enthusiasm, for never have I heard of two such disinterested souls,' said Doctor Hardcastle, shaking her hand with cordial sympathy. Hugh Hutton said rothing as yet, but stood by her, pouring all his earnest loving soul through the gaze he fixed upon her face. And she down her cheeks the tears had poured like rain. But now that copious and refreshing shower was over, and the sun of gladness shone out again. Garnet smiled brightly, while yet the tears sparkled like rain-drops on her ringlets. Mrs. Hardcastle, with her cheerful blooming expression, was standing behind her quietly re-arrang ing the disordered wreath and veil. Mrs. Garnet went to the door of the adjoining room, and beckoned the two young ladies who were to act as bridesmaids. Doctor Hardcastle opened the hall door and admuitted the groomsmen, who entered and gave their arms to the young bridesmaids. Hugh Hutton took the arm of Garnet, and" when she arose, Elsie arranged the folds of her robe, and whispered, ' Never mind if you are very pale and agitated, dear ; it is not so unbe fitting a bride-besides, your veil is down, you know.' The bridal party moved onward down stairs. As Doctor Hardoastle followed with his wife, he turned to her with an arch look, and whispered, ' My dear Elsie, there is an old acquaintance of yours below stairs.' 'Many of them, I suspect.' ' Yes, but this one is an uninvited, unexpected, but most welcome guest.' 'Whom ?' ' The Honourable Ulysses Roebuck.' ' "The Honourable Ulysses Roe buck !' I remember "MIarse Use less," as the negroes used to call him; but how onearth became he "Honour able ?"' Doctor Hardcastle shrugged his shoulders, elevated his eyebrows with a queer smile, and answered, ' really suppose just as most of our Honourables become so. He failed at everything useful, went to a distant part of the state, took to politics, made stump speeches "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing,". and got himself sent to Congress. After an absence of ten years, he has just now re-visited his native neighbourhood. He reached Point Pleasant by the early boat this morning, and finding that the family were all here, he followed them and is here also.' ' And his old lady-love, who jilted him to marry my father, and lost both, and who must be now near twenty-eight years of age, how did she receive him ? I should like to have seen that meeting.' 'I saw it. When he first entered the saloon, he was caught in the arms of Judge Jacky, who ran to him and rapturously embraced him, over whelming him with welcomes. Then, when released from the old gentle man's arms, he shook hands with all his friends and acquaintances, looking uneasily around the room all the while, as if in search of someone else. At last his flying glances alighted on the distant form of Ambrosia, standing near the fire-place. He made her a formal bow, which she acknowledged by a cold curtsy !' 'After a lover's quarrel and a separation of ten years. This is a first-rate sign, Magnus; I should not wonder if he had cherished her image in his heart through all those years.' • Well,, they had not even spoken when I came away.' ' Better and better. I shall not be surprised if he propose for her before the day is over.' They had now reached the saloon where the bridal party were already ranging themselves before the clergy man, who was no other than our oldest friend, the Reverend Milton Sinclair. 'See!' whispered Doctor Hard castle, pointing to where Miss Wylie sat gloomily at one end of the room, and Mr. Roebuck morose!y at the other, 'see! I do not believe they have spoken yet.' ' I believe they'll be married in a week !' laughed Elsio. But the clergyman had opened his book, the ceremony was about to com mence, and all became silent and pro foundly attentive while it progressed. It was over, and friends crowded around to offer their congratulations to the newly-married pair. In the crowd, Ulysses Roebuck, Mrs. Hard castle, and Ambrosia Wylie got pressed together. 'I declare I' exclaimed Elsie, with her cheerfulringing voice, 'if here are not two of my old, old playmates!' and seizing a hand of each, she shook them heartily, then joining those two hands in hers, she said, ' Let me be the mediator. Be friends, as you long to be I' and slipped away, leaving them together. ' Shall we be friends ? Sha.ll we be more to each other, Ambrosia?' said Ulysses, pressing her hand. 'Yes ! if you can forgive the in fidelity caused by ambition, and ex plated by whole years of suffering. 'I have waited for you ten years, Ambrosia. I should think that an answer. Comel I let's go to the bay window and talk over old times !' 'Not now, the company are going in to breakfast,' replied Ambrosia, taking his arm; and they followed in the wake of the foremost. Mrs. Gar net approached the clergyman, who still lingered as if lost in abstraction. ' Mr. Sinclair,' she said;,' it gives me',great happiness 'to see you back here and settled in our parish. I am much pleased, also, to welcome you to our house. The company have gone in to breakfast, will you come 2' Mr. Sinclair bowed in grave silence, gave the lady his arm, and they followed the others. Breakfast was over. The travelling carriage of Mount Calm was packed and at the door to convey the newly married couple to the stage office at Huttontown, whence they were to start for the West. The family party, consisting of Mrs. Garpet, Doctor and Mrs. Hardeastle, and the bride and groom, were grouped for a last leave taking in the passage, when Miss Joe suddenly appeared among them, in her poke bonnet and brown shawl, with a band-box in one hand and a basket in the other, and followed by a zcgro man, bending under the weight of a great trunk. When the little party stared with surprise, she exclaimed, ' Well, now, you needn't look so queer all of you, 'cause I couldn't help of it I've been a struggling, and a struggling with my feelings, and I couldn't help of it. I'm gwine long o' Hugh and Nettie. They're like my own children, 'cause I took care of them when they were little l And I'm gwine long o' them. Besides, long as they're poor, they'll want somebody to help them work. It ain't much I can do now, seeing I'm nigh on to seventy years old. But, leastways, I can mend their clothes, and darn the clildren's stockings, and mind the baby, and so on.' There was no time for much argu ment now, but to all that Mrs. Garnet and the Hardcastles could say to pre vail on her to remain at Mount Calm, the old lady turned a deaf ear. She was set to go with Hugh and Nettie, because they were like her own children, and because they were poor. ' But they are not poor,' said Mrs. Garnet; 'and, oh ! that reminds me, I have the deed of gift yet,' continued the lady, producing the deed from her pocket, and placing it in the hands of Doctor Hutton. 'What is this, madam ?' he asked, examining the parchment. 'It is merely a dower with your bride,' said the lady. * It is a deed of conveyance, Hugh, investing me with properties to the amount of one-tenth the great Mount Calm estate. Can I take it ? 'No, dearest! no! you cannot!' replied Doctor Hutton, pressing her hand ; then turning to the lady, she said, ' Mrs. Garnet, we sincerely thank you. This generosity is sq like your self, that we are not surprised at it, while we must gratefully decline it.' As no arrangements could move Hugh Hutton from his resolution, the effort was at last abandoned. The carriage into which Miss Joe was paked drew up nearer to the door. Garnet embraced her friends succes sively. Hugh Hutton shook hands with them in turn, and handed his bride into the carriage. The steps were put up, the door closed, and the carriage rolled away. Mrs. Garnet continued to reside at Mount Calm, happy in her vocation of 'Lady Bountiful' to the neighbour hood-happy, that is to say, as long as the fine weather of spring, summer, and autumn lasted, during which, in her missions of usefulness or benevo lence she could walk, ride, or drive through the most beautiful country in the world; but when winter came, with its wind and rain, and'hail and snowstorms, its impassable roads, and its long spells of tempestuous or intensely cold weather, and its lon ger reasons of enforced confinement within doors, the lonely lady of Mount Calm found the solitary grandeur of her mansion house dreary enough. The minister had been her coadjutor, and often her companion, in her labours of beneficence, during the preceding eight or ten months; and now, in the stormy winter weather, he was her willing representative and almoner among the sick, the poor, and the suffering. No fury of tempest overhead, or depth of snow or quag mire under foot could interrupt the weekly visits of the pastor to the lady. The solitary lady knew this; and so, even in the most frighful wea. ther, during the darkest, dreariest, and loneliest seasons, there was one day in the week to which she could look forward with certainity of enjoy ment, namely, to Wednesday;. when, let the wind and the rain, the hail and the snow, do what it might to prevent him, the minister was sure to present himself at Mount Calm. Each Wed nesday evening, it became more pain ful for these two old friends to part, and the parting was protracted to a later hour. One very stormy night in February, when he had lingered by her fireside later than ever before, and had at last arisen to take leave, he detained her hand in his a long time, in silence, and then faltered, ' Alice, are we never to be more to each other than now?' The lady shook her head in mournful negation, and there was a 'soul's tragedy' in the tone where with she. answered, simply, 'We are old, now.' The timid pro. position was not renewed then; the shyness of age, worse than the shy. ness of youth, silenced the lips of the minister. The proposal probably never would have been renewed, but for the intervention of the cordial hearted Elsie-that happy, healthful, sworn foe to all morbid scruples, and needless suffering. She had been made acquainted with her mother's early history, and for years past she had watched over the delicate lady with more care and tenderness than over either of her own robust and bloom ing babies. Now that she was divided from her she felt Increased solicitude for the welfare of the fragile, sensitive recluse. It was towards the spring that she was awakened to a knowledge of the attachment existing between the lady and the pastor; and after taking observations for a few days she one day said to her mother, ' Mother, why don't you marry the minister ?' 'Dear Elsie, what could suggest such an absurd thing to your mind? What would the neighbours say? At our age, too? 'Dearest mother, they may wonder a little but, upon the whole, they will be pleased ; besides, shall their wonder prevent you being comfortable ? You need each other's society, you and the minister. You are both so lonely you in your mansion, he in his lodg ings-you need each other. Come, accept him,. mother. Magnus and I will give you our blessing,' laughed Elsie; and then, immediately regret ting her involuntary levity, she said, seriously, 'Dear mother, think of this. You have reached the summit. point of life; before you lies the descent into the' vale of years; your old friend stands on the same ground, with the same road before him. Give your hand to your dear old friend, and go ye down the vale to gether.' Elsie was successful in her efforts. Before another winter the lady and the minister were married, and thence forward the serene and beautiful life of the pair gave a poetic fitness to the name of their homestead, ' Mount Calm.' Dr. and Mrs. Hardcastle made Hemlock Hollow their place of per manent residence. They erected an elegant mansion, and improved and adorned the grounds with such artis tic taste that it was considered one of the most beautiful seats in old St. Mary's. The Honourable Ulysses and Mrs. Roebuck spent their summers at Point Pleasant and their winters in the metropolis, until the Honourable Ulysses grew weary of political life, and careless of popularity, and lost his election, when they took up their permanent abode at the Point, with Judge Jacky Wylie. And the families of Hemlock Hol low, Mount Calm, and Point Pleasant formed an intimate social circle, and kept up their agreeable relations after the St. Mary's fashion of family dinner parties, social tea drinkings, fish feasts upon the coast, fox hunts among the gentlemen, neighbourhood dances, &c.; while the gentle, but powerful influence emanating from Mount Calm spread the spirit of religion over all. Doctor and Mrs. Hutton eventually settled in a Southern State. Miss Joe Cotter remained with them to the end of her long life. Consistent in her economy to the very last, she devoted the remaining years of her life to ' laying up treasures in Heaven' Doctor Hutton became of the most celebrated physicians of the coun try, and amassed a large for tune. Mrs. Hutton became one of the brightest stars :in the great Southern constellation of beauty,. genius, and fashion. Their home is a beautiful edifice on the banks of a Southern lake, within an easy dis tance of the city. For elegance, taste, and luxury, it is scaicely excelled by the far-famed palaces of the old world. From his present affluent case, Doctor, Hutton delights to look back upon his early struggles, and he repeats now, with more emphasis than before, that, ' A young American should never per mit himself to depend upon the acci dents of fortune for success in life; for in our prosperous country, a man of good health and good habits need never fail to make an independence for himself and family, and to win the blessing of God.' T h- E . 