ptems of Jnteiest. j One of t!is many uses to which paper i. iiow pub that of making gas pipes. Manilla paper is cut; in strips equalling in width the length of the pipe to be made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with sand and the whole cooled in water. The cove is then removed, and the outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gas tight, and are said to be much cheaper than iron pipes Some German scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. Thev assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 years a» the maximum, 425 years to the .ilver iir, 2"i~> years to the larch, -45 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to tho ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to the clr.i. The heart of the oak begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. The holly oak alono escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence near Aschafl'euburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind which has attained the age of 410 years. There is a cnurch in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. Careful scientific investigations show that the average speed of the transmission of earthquake shocks is nearly 1G,000 feet per second. The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro :-"All persons who take their lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses are to be strung to gallows, in view of the public, for twenty-four hours. Suicide is unworthy of a Montenegrin. God alone has power over a mhu'u life, which dare ba sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of Jus country." The Chinese have an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by u god or devil they regard as extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see the gods moving about is considered lucky. To dream of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description of a week's work at Leeds:-"Indescrib able times ; united consecration ; six souls. Victory I" Seals, when basking, pla.ee one of their number on guard to give the alarm in case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of the Hippers on a rock. Wild rabbits signal with their forcuaws, and have regular signals aud calls. An artesian well was some years ago sunk on the beach at San Buenaventura, Cali fornia, live teet from high-water mark. At a depth of about one hundred and forty three feet n strong flow of water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above the ground. Some fish were observed in the waste water, and an examination of the well revealed the fact that it was filled willi young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes and all, and measured about two inches in length. Thousands of them were thrown out by each jet. The temperature of the well water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed that the lisli may have come from the head-waters of the Santa Clara River by some subterranean outlet; that stream itself is several miles distant from tb?. well. In Turkey, twenty years ago, men were hanged for trifles; tradesmen who sold short weight might be nailed by the ear to their own doorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the soles of the feet. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient was accus tomed to go barefoot or to speud his life in barouches. The water- carriers, porters, street fruit-sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-live cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, clerks, aud women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital punishment, except for brigand age and for attempts at assassinating high officials. While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,0001b. in 1SLU, the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by nO less than Hi,700,0001b., or 43 per cent. In England and Wales 8,970 miles of rail way out of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on I he block system. In Scot land practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals aud 253 cubs. The amount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-Frown animal and £1 12s. for a cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over yards long, and is gilded and richly orna mented. The outside of the parasol is of bright green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, while the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. Woman, asserts that one of the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late coffee-house, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coll'ee aud her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg,the composer, was celebrated recently at his home near Bergen, Norway. After dinner Grieg played his famous " Wedding Procession," and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her husband's In Russia blacit is never used for covering collins, the cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young person, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salary has been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of she United States sends to the White House \ cheque for 4,16G dollars. M. Jules Leljgndy, the great Paris sugar refiner, has left what is perhaps- the largest ndividual fortune ever made in France. His .vealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs .I'M,400,000). How much of that enormous mm was extracted from the French tax payer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian .Kitriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. Signor Kota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, .n Calabria, which was organised in 1S57 by Baron Nicoteva and Count I'ivaccsotc in the ?.''pe <>f overthrowing tiio Bourbon Cuvorn £">:i. '.. -lablished at Naples. Baron Aicoiura, h>- Mmi<ter of the Interior in the lust juvt lament, was present at the patriot's .bedside. So:nc ingenious contrivr.nccr avo u:-cd by thieves. The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, bub is so ananged that, by prsssing a spring at the handle, the ferrule will spread apart and form a sort of spring ulip that will take hold of anything that is within reach. The tliiiijjf is called "the Continental lifting stick," and is used to take . goods from behind counters when the shop man's back is turned. As most people are aware, the barometer ; exhibits daily variations. In the tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day i may be ascertained from the height of the mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two maxima, occurring from 9 to 11 a.m. and from 9 to 11 p.m., tiie two minima being' timed from 3 to 5 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m. But, after examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum and one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar continents there are also a single maximum and minimum, though these occur at different times of the day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of variations gives a, variation like that ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening copper." A GLACIER THAT MOVES 47FEET A Yi-.ak. A glacier has been found in Southern California, of which there has been a tradi tion for many years. The Los Angeles Hi.raid sent an expedition to investigate, and the tradition was verified, for upon the upper levels of Grayback Mountain, the greatest of the San Bernardino range, a glacier one mile long and on the average 200 feet in depth was found. The icy mass, according to computations made, moves downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value. It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £8,000. The cup derives most of its interest and valufc from the fact that it was given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards into the possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VI. to James II., who gave it, in ItlO.l, to Don Juan Selasco, Conslable of Castile. All hopes of recovering Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, which, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht- is sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The new dining-room which the Queen lias had built at Osborne cosh £20,000. This sum docs not come from the natiou but out of Her Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of his elder brothers. Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to enter the British Army. The princes are three of the cheeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, being line, m.tnly, and true types of Englishmen. One of the most curious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occurs in many [daces. It is a natural barometer,und actually foretells probable changes in the weather. It is called semakuir, anil turns black shortiy before an approaching rain, w hile in line weather it is mottled with spots of white. It is said that gas-light was first exhibited a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Bos ton, in 1S15. In 1915 there were 180 lamps in the town, and in 1SS0 it had 10, l.'J9 gas and 2/276 oil lamp*. Electric lighting is now taking the place of gas in many locali ties in the city. Boston is now lighLed by 1 ,-147 electric lights, $,907 gas, and 2,S7S of other descriptions. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off. and, not being able to raise tiie £500 (Turkish) demanded as their ransom, the family have been massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated (a/./.n of black glass, enamelled in various colours and gold. IS'o one quite knows its age. It is said to be more than eight hundred years old ; and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a strict inquiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure painters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape painting, »:J<1 that, with one or two excep tions, the great landscape painters have always been able to paint- figures extremely well.-Sjimhtr. Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all oceans and other waters is taken up with the atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to fall as rain and again ilow back into the sea. The Empress of Austria is the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls, which are con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de Rothschild's collar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000. The most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one which the French traveller, M. Tovcrnier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of the rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,000fr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats ; it is quite transparent, and is valued at l,000,u00fr. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Inssupoff, and which is famous for its unique colour. In the year 1020 this pearl was sold by Gcorgibus from Calais to Philip IV. of Spain for SO,000 ducats ; its value is now considered 1,12o,000fr. Pope Leo XIII. has a 'pearl which is valued at 500,000fr. ; and the Empress Frederick's <:ol(i«. of thirty-two pearls is valued at S75,OOUfr. The VALUE OF TEA.-The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Burker, has given the members the lesult of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to the amount of theine it contains; but-in the case of green tea, he says the commercial value must be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. One would have thought that, from the point of view of the connoisseur of tea, those samples which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred. Eii'jlixh 3It<:h u n /<;. Tiie Duke of Portland, haviugadded 20,000 acres to his shooting preserves, has now l-.i square miles of land reserved^for sport. There is tin's difference, at least, between a politician and a statesman. "A states man is the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the head of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with "Mr. Speaker.'' " A politician " is his defeated opponent, A man who hires another at "20s. a week to do work which brings in only '21s. a week is a philanthropist. But if he hires "2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week and becomes "a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. An engine-driver say.- '. men in h:s busints-; can always j'' ; t he eondit ion of t!i"ir engines by i!- : it give* out while running. Ever;, whether j stationary or locomotive, has «*. pavUvuUu" toiio of its own. The engineer b?come» accustomed to that, and any departure from it at once excites a suspicion that all -s not right. The engineer may not know what is the matter, lie may have no ear for :::usic, bufc the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, awl will start him oil an immediate investigation. Much of the fanoifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at a a prison near Berlin. The largest artificial etone in the world forms the base of the Bartholdi Statue of Liberty on Bedloe's Island, Now York Harbour. This immense stone was made from broken imp rock, sand, and American cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 20,000 barrel? of cement were used in manufacturing the monster. Amongst the members of the presenb House of Commons are 55 merchants, 57 manufacturers, IS brewers and distillers, 10 incdical men, and 53 Army and Naval officers. Those who can be lightly termed land owners number about SU. A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 530 lemons in two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con« dition. Quite a craze-and a very interesting one -has come over the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all their energies to the creation of new flowers and the acclimatisation of such as have never before been cultivated in France. Among the latter is a flower from Central America (as yet unanied in Franco) which changes its colour three times a day. It is white in the morning, gets pink at noon, and turns a lovely blue when the sun is setting. 