NOW EOE JAMES WATEES. (To the Editor of ilw Maitland Mercury.) Sin,-Mr. Waters must think, by this time, that I have overlook* d his "luve one another." It is with no diarespect to him that I hive left him out- till a more convenient season : he is only second-hand game when the others came. Now that their batteries are t-ilenced I must give him a stray shot, which will be all be requires, because he has exposed himself BO openly. " Love one another." What nice words they are, bat how can we practice it if, AB you nay, we are all bud. I only called halt when I saw the C1 ure h sneaking men in without the necessary preparation. What preparation should tbey undergo ? Listen, Mr. Waters, and the Church, and particularly the Eevs Carruthers and Waddell. What did the Saviour say to Nicodemua : not that you Bball, but that you mast be born again. Keep your eyes open, gentlemen, I want your attention, because I am a very plaia man : there lived a man culled Simon Magus, who, when he heard of the wonderful things the Apjstles were doing otter the seventy had divided and went to preach the gospel in the various cities, he became anxious to be able to do these things also. He, being a rich man, mixed up with the Apostles, and he thought to sneak in by bribing them without i going through the right door ; he "wanted to be a helper because he knew the Church was poor, and they might not refuse the cash. You know, gentlemen, out came his money bags, but you know the result. No, no, y ou do not, you have forgotten if ever you did know, because ita a long time ago. Shall we CXCUBO you ? No, we dare not, because there are other s interested : you knowthe Father, and the Son, «vnd the Holy Ghost, who would not take bribes. Now comes the answer, and I hope that it will be a warning to you, rev. gentle- men : nob to try it on again, because a man is a helper and your Church ia poor. That had no effect or weight with the Apostles. Toa will see from the wordB " thy money perish with thee." Would you refuse money ? Methinks I hear you say-"No, because we are poor ; the rich man's purse is better than the poor man's pence or widow's mite." You love the dollars, don't you ? Lot us be straight. No offence, I hopa, for calling you back tu that new and living way that Christ has opened up you back to the old beaten track, because I thiük its the safest, if you »ant to get to that place whore there is no helpers, and the church is rich. You consider Mr. Younga gen- tleman., for in treating it v.'itb contempt you could bave been one too if you had fol- lowed his example. Therefore you are not one by your own rule. I consider this letter uncalled for, as there was no foundation for it. Then I have made something out of nothing. Wlydidyou wri'ethen, Mr. Waters? Was it to expose nothing ? If so you bave failed. Your rev. friends thought there was something, so you and them did not agree on that point. I hope you will try and consult them before you write your next. The publie and I consider it was written through spite. Come, didn't you consult them before you wrote, and not because they bith used the same words. I am pushing you very hard Mr. Waters. You have known Mr. Young tor a number of years, so have I, and he is very benevolent ; be will assiüt any denomi- nation. That is just what I enid, and that has been the cause of all this writing, and you call that benevolence. I calí it a waste of money. I will give you a test ose, as the lawyers would say. We have here, I think, six churches, where one or two would do if they had agreed among themselves. They have run the public into all this debt to build churches' And to keep idle parsons to loaf on them, men* whoie average wages has not been more than one pound a week for the last three years, and they, the clergy, cannot live OB £5 per week. S?o much for your benevolence, Mr. Waters. I am not done with you yet. " I waB rather taken by surprise when I read Mr. Dixon's." So it would seem It's all the same. You are not a christian. You see I am a convert, that is one difference between us. I hope to have the satisfaction of making one of you. Its so seldom you find a mab that callB an axe an axe, a shovel a shovel. You have been so used to being humbugged, and to be inslaved by the clergy that you think all men are alike. But I am an" t-xeep tion to that i ule, another reason is because you are an infiel. You donbt the Scriptures by saying if ibey are true. Don't you think they are ? If not the Booner you do the better, or | they won't have you at any price. They know I that I om a believer. Yon cannot serve two I masters, you know, Mr. Waters. Moke up your mind like me, and hope that those days I would come back when all men were brothers. 1 Now then for the application, ns the clergy- man would say. :< Mr. Dixon makes some TO marks about Christianity : If the Scriptures be right there are very few who will enter the Kingdom ; we are conceived in sin, etc., etc., and m every word and thought and action we are committing sin." Does Mr. Waters-»- be- lieve, or does he want to make us believe, i hat he thinks that he is a liar, a rogue, or a drunkard P Let any one state those things publicly of him and how BOOB he would run to his lawyer to make you prove the accusa- tions. Has he not told us ia the same letter what a good man our worthy Mayor is, and his parents before him never bad a blemish on their characters. Yet in-the face of that he tells us that we can do nothing good. He Baye he is no Christian. The sooner you become one the better, or they won't have you for tell ipg such open lies. I hope when yon read this you will become one, and a truthful one. You see that I am not without hope, because you give me a foundation for it. I see your little garae from first to last is to keep friends with the clergy so that they will give you a christian burial and some consecrated ground. You will see how quick tbey will cometo do , it for me. Should you not be successful I will give yon two other strings~to your bow., When you go to the gate you will bo asked your religion. Tell them you have none ; then, like the darkey, you will be allowed to go as you please. If that does not succeed tell them you are a Wandering Jew, and that you had not,made up your mind what religion to embrace, so you will be let in to choose one. Once in you will have time to make up your mind, and should yon not do that you will be safe, as there is no extradition act in force there. Why talk about God and the devil when you doubt the Holy Scriptures ? You know as much about either aa the pig knowB about the moon. I am, etc., E. DIXON. Greta, June 30,1892. 