FATHER-IN-LAW MEADOWS. I The pretty suburb of Fort Hill, within 15 or 20 mites of the mat city, was formerly known as Hewitt’s Mills. It was settled in early times by two very extensive families, the Hewitts and Meadowses, who frequently intermarried, and owned nearly all the laud in the neighbour hood. Old-fashioned, Conservative people they were, of whom some scattered remnants are still extant in the vicinity. They look with no vary friendly eye on the doings of their rich and stylish city neigh bours, who live in the villus and country Beats scattered over the hills and up and down the new roads cut through forest and farm. Chief among these survivals of the good old stock is Ebeu Hewitt, the miller,,an old man now with a rich brown complexion, a keen, dark eye* and thick, bushy white hair and beard. Uncle Eben married a Meadows, as j was inevitable, and he naturally regrets the ! primitive virtues and sterling worth of Hewitt’s I Mills before it became fashionablo Fort Hill, j IIo bo hr a grudge against the new name, always rankling like a thorn in the hand. Undo Eben is an antiquated spinner of long | local yarns, one of the few left in the country. The mill stands on the river bank, just where the stream opens into a little cove with thick shadowy trees. A covered bridge crosses the river at this point, and there is a miniature island, feathered all over with the light leafage of the silver birch. MyyouDg friend, Mary Jane, was Btaying last BUininer at Fort Hill,* and wherever Mary Jane goes she makes acquaintance with the labouring folk, with children, and doge. Her friends laugh at her for discovering so many remarkable people entirely unknown to fame. But Mary Jane is not to be deterred in her favourito pursuit of character study by ill timed ridicule. It is not. surprising, therefore, that she was often found seated on the Btone bench by the mill door engaged in friendly chat with Uncle Eben, whom she considered one of the moat interesting men she had ever met. The machinery was humming inside tho old mill and making it shake. The grain poured down tho hopper in a heavy stream, and tho water swished and swirled about the big wheel. The miller was floury up to his thick eyebrows, where tho meal huog like wreaths of snow on a penthouse roof, and the warm tints of his Bkiu shone not uulmndcomely through the powder. The talk that day turned on ghosts and supernatural appearances, and, though Uncle Ebon disclaimed stoutly all belief in ghosts—** spooks,” ae he called them—he was led on by the insinuating Mary Jane to relate tho following little story out of his own experience: — ‘‘Spooks are all moonshine,” said Uncle Eben, squaring his elbows, “but I will allow that curious things happen to some folks, things that can’t be accounted for on what we call natural principles. There was my father in-law Meadow*, a hard-headed, practical man, sound aj a nut until he got a bad blow and began to break. Everybody took hi* judgment on land purchase and cattlo ae if it had been law, anu he arbitrated a great number of dis putes and made the climax rather bad for lawyers in these parte. He was trustee and executor for quite a number of large estates, and folks often took his word without a scratch of the pen to show for the money they put into his Lunds. Ha was as straight a man, if I do eay it, as I ever knew. Not much to look at, was father-in-law Meadows, not a handsome man, but he was tho making of this township. Ho built bridges, laid out a number of new roads aa town sur veyor, and ha T?Sr3 school trustee and deacon of the first church. Ks bad an amazing big family of children, thirteen all told, Two of them died young of black measles, Bo I have lieprd ipy t?H, but of them grow up [o be a credit to tiio town—^ HQjritt 6 Mihs, aa it was then called, .and, as by tigtn, u should be called now. And there was the boy Eli, the youngest. Ilia heart was set on him, tho little Benjamin, and the old Israel Meadows loved Lira best and couldn’t bear to have him out of Ms eight. A close-moutlicd man ho was. He and I was pretty intimate. We’ve often walked over the land an hour or two at a timo and not spoke a word. Never was a man that had so little uonsense about him as old Israel, and thlt’s what makes this queer thing that happened to him all the queerer, I have "never been able to come to any reasonable conclusion about it, though it happened just os I am going to relate. You see, Miss, as I was Baying, this boy EH was tho apple of his eye, a quick, bright, laughing boy, nimble as a squirrel, and made friends alt up and down the road. Ho favoured his mother’s family, and was fair complected, with light hair, while most of the Meadowses are dark and swarthy. When the war broke out Eli was just turned eighteen. Part of the Fourteenth Infantry was recruited in this town. There was a groat excitement, and Eli caught the war fever, and before we had au inkling of it he ’listed and was marched off to the front. Tho old man took on bad. It was pitiable to 3ee him, for it was tho first thing that began to break him up. He tried bard to get the boy back by paying for a substitute. Though he was counted a close man and natu rally fond of cfconey, he would have given half he was worth. But Eli was infatuated with Boldleriug, and 5t wasn’t any good. The old man had bewa an-Gariy abolitionist and all for the war untfi 'bo gut that blow, and then the crows came ar/2 roosted right on his ridgepole and croaked day endnight. Eli wrote cheerful letters to his faf&cr;, and the old man carried them round in his psckctamtil they were half worn, had bo mo off hem nutters on him the day he died, when he fell down-r-’iddon in an apo plectic fie. Eli wrote just c-3 he talked. He had tho gift of gab, and such.f, knack of turn ing the best side out ho coulfitaako you think black was white. They were going to beat the rcdis out and out, and it woe-all hurrah boys, ?.nd bo would be made a coloael before tho war ended. They did make him a sergeant and colour-bearer, and that waa some comfort to ,o.Id ma?. But I noticed his hand shook when he went to sign bis name, and he got a jjafl colour, a yeUswish white, with puffy dark nrn"§ liadgr {J’-G ey«5» and his breath came j :iiort when be -aitei’. “ So thing; ware along- «*» ^“>e (32, about tho timo tho re„-* ^?? ’ lorth. EU’eregimentwasunder— t/lplluu. He tad a groat fondness for his_general, an. n*il3 xiwnys writing homo that little Mac was the liigeost man in tho army. Now, X am going to tell von of tho strango thing that happened to father-in-law. It was before any nows of the battle of Antiotam had reached out here, the morning of the day the battle was fought, t know it was in the early fall, before the corn was cut. My father-in-law hnd abigpiocsol land in corn that year, and it bad done remark ably well. That cornfield is now part of what they call Gilchrist Park. Next to it on the north was a piece of woods, most chestnut aud roans' ssh, and adjoining on the west was a hr.fp sman'h medder. The cattle had been turned into that tnC!!<l« for ttm fa» feed, and father-in-law he walked 0^ there that morn ing early to look to tlra fouc63f Ior _t“e “lack bull had been turned in with tho beta, bnc* he was a 'vicious animal. Now, as near as I cOUia gather from what the old man lot drop, for I never dared to Question him close about it, it happened in this way: Father-in-law had got to the medder, half way to tho cornfield, when he was surprised to hear a confused noise over south, coming up, as he thought, on the wind. Bet there wa? no wind. The uir was a dead calm, not n leaf stirred. The sky was slightly ovetcist and temperature warmish, with a smell of dying l?ave?, Father-in-law he stood stock still, and he strained his Sir to listen. There was a loud roaring fat oil itfiwn the’ valley, like a river in flood, nnd then it came nearer and broke into a volley of musketry, and then q boom of cannon that shook the orcundl and sharp hissing of shells as they burst and sputtered in the air, and then <* con fused crying and shoaling and groaning, amt a rush of horses’ feet that seemed to come tearing through that piece of woods; aud father-in law—a cold sweat had broke out from everv pore, for the old man, while he heard this tumult, could see nothing hut the medder and cornfield, and the quiet land. He was struck all aback and his knees crooked under him, nnd he foil full length on the ground, and before he lost consciousness he thought he heard EIi’6 voice calling ‘ water,’ in a distressed, faint way, a gasp-like, and it seemed to come from the woods, not more than ten rods off. “ I don’t know how the old man got on his legs and made his way home, but he bold him self straight when he came in at the door, though his face was like ashes, and his eyes set aud staling. He stood still for a minute, and then kind of clutched at the back of a chair aud stumbled forward. Says he, ‘ Mother, pack mo a bag with things I shall need for a week or more, and get money out of tho tap drawer, the one X keep locked. Here is the key.’ “ ‘ What’s the meaning of this, Israel ?’ Bays mother, scared and trembling. ‘ You look as if you could be knocked down with a feather. Save you had bad news?’ “ ‘ Yes, bad enough. But don’t stop to talk. Didn’t I tell you there-d been a battle ?’ “4 A battle !* gasped mother. * Whero was it fought?’ “ *I don’t know,* said the old man, dazed like, putting his hand up to his head, ’ bat I shall find out on the road. Eli is wounded— raehbe he’s dead by this time.’ Then his voice failed. “‘Israel Meadows,’ said mother, standing right up to him—and she was • timid ..woman, “there hasn't been nows of no battle or I should have heard it, anu I solemnly do think you have gone crazft.' “Then the old man was mad, I can tell you, and he nude things hum, for ho was always master in his own house, aud in less than half an hour that bag was packed aud tho old mar a saddled, and father-in-law had taken bis top coat and was climbing into the saddle to ride to Digby Statiou, seven mitau away, the nearest to us then, before the railroad was carried through. Mother had never seen him look bo stem and haggard and unnatural. Sbo was kind of awe struck as she watched him ride away dowu the road. But before father-in-law got to Digby it was known up hero at the Mills that the great battle of Antietam was in progress. Tell, I can't, toll you just how the old mum found Eli. Ho never would talk much about it; hut ho went round tho battle field for hours searching among the dead, with only ono' thought in his mind, and at last he came on the body in a little piece of woods, among the bushoB, close to a small spring of sweet water. The poor boy had tried to crawl to the water, but liis breast was shot off aud it was no good. You know, tho old man thought lie heard that j cry coming out of the woods oi * Water 1 j water !* Think how ho felt when he found him j there, close on to the spring, but not within ; reach. But his face in the coffin wae the peace- j fullest I ’most over saw. They say them that j die of gun-shot wounds mostly do look happy. Well, Eli, in them last moments, had got out someway a Testament he carried iu his pocket. It was one his mother gave to him, and it was burnt and black with powder; but there was part of a blank leaf left, and with a tittle stub of pencil gripped in his fingers he had scrawled the words, * Father, don’t—’ that was all— ‘Father, don’t'—just enough to show ho was thinking of the old man and hio grief the moment he died, and wishing to comfort him. “Father-in-law brought him home and buried him in tho mowing lot close to that piece of woods where lie hid heard the roar of battle that was taking place over 500 miles away. He let drop a little of what had happened now and then, until we could piece it together pretty much as I have told you. But we don’t none of us try to explain it, aud we can't but believe there was Home reality iu it. seeing the straight man father-in-law was. He was broke up bad by if'—changed bo you would hardly have known him. Ho stooped, and his head shook, and ho seemed to lose Ilfs judgment—forgot things terrible, aud went round talking to him self. He had to put most of his business affaire out of his hands, and seemed to lose interest in what was going on ; didn’t even read the news papers ; but he grew uneasy and discontented. Nobody ever thought then that the original old Moadows’ place, centre of »ll tho Meadowees iu this township, where he was bom and bred, and his father before him, would ever go out of tho family. But a strange resHe?i»lesp grew on the old man, though he had his faculties well enough, too. “Ono day. soon after the railroad was opened through to the mills, he went down to the city alone and called on a real estate agent, and put the old farm in his hands. But he set such a big figger on the land the agent laughed in hie fsce. ‘ Why / says he, ‘ Mr. Meadows, I don’t believe you want to sell your farm.' “ ‘ MelVbe I don’t/ says the old man, curt enough,1 but I/ll Let it go at that figger, ani cot a cent less/ “Then father-ic-Iaw weh.t off and forgot what he had done, for liia memory was beginning to fail, hut he seemed much more so&tcnted; after that, eud I don’t s'pcea 110 ever bad a notion the place would be sold. Hq three rears or more by, and the family knetf iota breath abo-utit, though real eatato specu lators hid been sniffing round aud inquiring the price of land, Tho three unmarried* Meadows girls were homo that summer—all dead now. Ihey were remarkable women, &11 celebrated for fie Strength of their intellect. Oug key* icLuoi, a?4 auothoc .)W a writer, Almira Meadows—mebbe you*ve liCfdcl pf ll9Ci fchfl was pretty famous, and wrote a 000k ou Second Advent principles, called ‘Tho Last Trump/ But that don’t, matter. Tho threo girls WOrS til to home that summer, and were on joying them Bel vee well. They loved every stick and done aud bush on the old fnrm, aud they were women of strong feelings. One morning there 'iime a letter from the agent in New York, the old f&xtCi; was sold. It a thunderbolt had fallen out of a clear sky it couldn’t have shook that family up worse, and when father-in-law wasspeketo about ithn was struck all in aheap. Having put such a big price on tho farm, ho had felt "just as pafe as if ha had been iu a bomb-proof. And now the old place was gone for a pilo of money. He wouldn’t plead a word of excuse, hat sat hounched over and all drawn into himiclf while the women folks took “We soon found out that Banker Gilchrist was the purchaser. I guess the women folks put their heads together to trv and work on the banker’s feelings, for they wrote and invited him to come out and visit tho fnrm. And Mother Meadows was a famous good cook, no better anywhere. So she laid herself out to get up a tea*that would move auy man whose sensibilities could bo reached through /he stomach. Such waffles and^ honey and light hiscuit it does me good to think of. Well, the banker came, and he was polite and plausible ani smooth as oil, as he always 13. Could see your face in his hat. They had managed, a3 they thought, to get tho old man off to town, but ho must havo suspected something, and when they were all sitting down at table, the women folks with tears in their eyes began to beg Gilchrist simultaneous to give up tho bar gain aud not insist on taking the old farm and the grave of their dead, meaning Eli. Gil christ is shrewd and sharp enough, I’ll war rant, but when this onset was made he was completely thrown off his balance, and he had b?guu a very polite speech to tho tearful old woman and ht-r girls, saving the sale was all fair and square, hut of course if the old men. was not quite himself, broke down with trouble or otherwise impaired—he had just got to that point when the old man walked in, straight as a die, and with hts eye burning like a live coal iu bis head, and he stalked to tho head of the table and he 6tood there solemn, frowning awful on the women folks?, And says he, 'Banker Gilchrist, the sale was fair ami square, legal in all particular?, and the farm 13 yours/ aud he brought down liis frit with a great thump on the table. * Don't you listen to [ [i pastel of women when it’s mo you’vo got to leal with. I don’t say but I've been foolish, but now I've passed my word, and by the Eternal it shall stand. If I had promised the heart out of my body you should have it, for I never passed my word yet that I did not keep it. and I never will/ i: Aud nothing would do but the old man must have pen and ink that very minute and sign the deid. Well, that’s the way Hewitt’s Mill became Fort Hill. The old name wasn't stylish enough for tho rich city folk*. GU efest he bought right ana left, and made his big park, and capitalists came iu and invested hand over fist, and you can see what’s come of it} Miss- a place for style that beats any ou the railroad. “But I must tell you about the old man. After the farm was sold ho went down pretty Cast, aud at times appeared to bo slightly un balanced. One day just before the family moved oat, we missed him for a good many hours, and I made a fioarnh And him up at Eli's grave in the rneddar, close to the wood. It was the spring of the year, and the birds wero sinking. And what do you think the f man had been doing ? Wire, he ftYrifeTa spado and cr^wbar^ ena dug up th£ coffin prJeJ it Up out Of the e^att by main strength*. And tharo he sat by ft, now with hia hat off, leaning his hoad on the coffin lid, his Icng, grey hair flowing in the wind. Ho. had rdwAys been fcuuh a 6trong man, I WkSj Sorry to see him broke like that, so I went up :j softly a rid 'put say hand on his shoulder. ] “ * Oh/cays he,4 Eben, is that you? Yoo see I co-Udu’t leave tho boy here on the GIN christ place, aud it has occurred to me that I | hain’t got a foot of land of my own where Tcan ; lay him.’ _ ' “ * What !* says I, making believe surprised, * when you arc a rich man and sold the farm at such a big figger/ “ ‘ No,’ says he with a sigh, “ not a foot of ground I can call ray own/ “ * Well, father-in-law/ says I, aftor I had studied on it a little,1 I’ll take Eli and bury him on my own place, aHd I promise you ho Bha’n’t be moved while I live.’ Aud eo I did, and that’s one reason why there’ll he Hewitts here for a good while to coma. I shall fix it in my will that that grave isn’t to be sold out of tho family. What became of tho old. mau, did you aek ? Oh, he died before long—dropped down in a fit—uud never kuew what hurt him, and the women are all dead aud gone, all but my wife, and she’s hearty, thank God.—Xcw lork The Berlin correspondent of The Times re ports that “tho Emperor has discountenanced tho drinking of champagne at regimental messes, insomuch that it has passed into a jest to eay that tho nights on which hia Majesty honours the metis of the Garde du Corps with hie preseneo at their table are the only ones in tho year on which the officers of. this gallant regiment have to dine without champagne.” 