SHE HOTS DEBT. - 44 A poet m born, not made" — so some illus trious individual said, and no one has ventured to contradict him. I am not an illustrious person by any means — have no ambition that way — but" I do hope that, whatever people may tniuk, none will be rude enough to contradict me when I say, 44 Nerves are made, not born." Nature never intended me for a heroine, or Bhe would have endowed me with the courage and martial instincts I so sorely lack, I was never more convinced of this than when I announced my intention to walk into Wyeford 44 all by myself" one lovely autumn evening about ten years ago. I was staying at Thorngrove, one of the prettiest villages in England, and probably the sleepiest. It lies deep down in a fertile vallev surrounded on every side by denaely-weoded heights abounding in game, both fntred and feathered. There is fishing there, too, of the best ; the bright little river that wends its way to the sea through bramble, thicket and osier bed, is wonderfully well stocked. The whole of the village, with the exception of one small farm, which was my own property, belonged to the lord of the manor. The Squire, for various reasons, was very anxious to get possession of this farm. He had made repeated overtures to my uncle, Sir Gylbart Olive ; but that asiute guardian declined to do anything during my minority, and when I became my own mistress, advised me to bide my time. At last, however, he considered that my time had com, and recommended my acceptance of the latest aud most advantageous offer ; but he thougci I had better go down, see the place for mysef, and bear what the intending purchaser had to say about the contemplated transfer before I made up my mind. At the request of Mrs Wheatcroft I rcmiined a few days at the Abbey farm, and while there received a telegram from Sir Gylbart anent the exchange of ownership, requiring an answer by return of post — an utter impossibility, seeing that I did not get the telegram until five o'clock and the post went out at three. Obviously the answer must be either taken by myself or sent by messenger to the post town. It was nearly the end of harvest — hop picking had just be gun and Mr Wheatcroft was in great trouble about his 44 borley." It was going to rain . and it was a matter of life and death with him to get his outstanding com carried end stacked in the rickyard before the weather broke. Knowing this I could not ask him to spare a 44 hand " for me ; I resolved rather to walk my self to the post town with the answer to ray uncle's letter. It was rash, I know; but then I have done many rash things in m-y life. 44 It is a lonesome road, Miss Clive," my hostess said rather dolefully. 44 Oh, I dou't mind !" I repeated as airily as possible; but nevertheless I felt just the least bit afraid. 44 Well, I'm sure I hope you will get there safe," Mts Wheatcroft said, in a tone which implied that she had hope of it. 4 4 Oh, I shall be all right!" I returned, in a firm voice, and I looked very brave. 44 And the gipsies, if ycu meet ihsm ?" 44 1 am afraid of no gipsy under the sun !" and there was the ring of true courage in my voice this time. 44 Ah, that's because you don't know them," my hostess said. 44 It is because I do know them that lam not afraid," I responded very .n'etiy. 44 My father was a greet traveller, auu .went with him nearly all over the world — with my heStt in my mouth more frequently than in the «\1 a ma il> VkT-r via fn Wa nn f rrtneiLie nc/i jJlaVv CbCOlkUCU VU Lb UJf AJCm bULWj UUw glSlUS UC«v4 no terror for me." 44 Why not?" 44 1 am half a gipsy myself." 44 Law ! ycu don't say so !" 44 But I do ! I have their blood in my veins — sadly diluted now — and I know the secret sigm, sacred words and hidden mysteries, and I can speak in gipsy 4 gib.' ' . 44 And can you tell fortunes, too ?" 44 Oh, yes, with the best !" 44 But do you ever ?" 44 Frequently. . I have of ten 'made use of my knowledge for the benefit of charities, and earned large sums of money by Indian palmistry." 44 Did you ever go to India ?" 44 1 lived there about nine years." 44 Ah, I remember now — your poor father died there ! Wasn't he writing a book or something ?" I gave a little nod of acquiescence and fare well. The good lady had unconsciously touched a tender point. My father was an eminent scholar and a man of great expenence and wide sympathies, but he had a craze — one could call it nothing else. He was very proud of his gipsy blood— the little that had come to his share through many generations — which principally showed itself in a somewhat peculiar form — a determination to prove that it was not Welsh or Gaelic, but Gipsy that was spoken in the home of our first parents, the Garden of Eden. To that end he gave ail his time and substance, with what suc cess will never be known, because, before the labors of his life were completed, his pen was laid aside for ever. As my father had no son, the title and estates went to his brother Gylbart, who was ever a kind friend to me, and did the best to supply the place of him I had lost. He gave me a daughter's welcome to hearth and home, and, when Jack came home from sea and the foolish boy fell in love with me, he gathered me in his arias and blessed as both after the goad old-fashioned style, and it was settled that we were- to be married the following spring, when Jack would he home on leave. I was thinking of ail this as I tramped on my way to Wyetord. The walk was all very well at first — there were a few farms and several straggling cottages dotted about ; when I passed the last farm I knew that a long four miles lay between it and my destination. I began to realise three things — fixes, that the distance between Wyeford and Thorngrove varies considerably — it was much greater walk iug than riding behind the fast bay cob from the Abbey farm ; second that it was much later than I had thought, that the evening was closing in rapidly, and it would soon be dark ; third, and most important of all, that I was afraid. . When the moon appeared all of a sudden I was more frightened still. It shone in a fit ful, half-hearted fashion through little rifts in a dense black cloud. In the uncertain light the trees and hedges assumed strange uncanny forms, and many a weird shadow was cast upon the ground. Still! went on, and presently canwto the top of a hill. At the foot lay . a small dingle, a dry, cosy nook between the hills, and I eoulU see by many signfe that some people haa camped there for the night. Involuntarily1 paused and strained my eyes and ears to as certain who and what they were. I was ®oC long in doubt. The light breeze bore to me word or two which would have been barbarous and without meaning to many, but which were familiar enough to me. Presently a ferocious lurcher came bounding up the_m" with a low threatening growl ; but, instead doing me grievous bodilv harm, the savage brute dancabout me With every doggy of delight, and all because lhad a command in toe language he knew whispered t( od f best and called htm w|lcomeand a friendly /the tail he invited me to accompany vmg of the » 'oeeded together. There were ymjsudwep thQ bottom of toe hill. t forward to call the dog from me, and elder one mutter in Romany : — 1 o6 Who are you that bewitched our dog, and iL to heaven's name are you going ?" W o R'only a little black lady going to town," t0 th6Wen; will you tell me toe time, pretty lady ?" jtnew perfeotly well that the ancient dame n/tted bv the fire knew without asking what Si it was; nevertheless I pulled out my VJirh and, finding that it was too dark to see S'Kaxewlfl o.y thick leather glove, Jni pressed the spring. In a moment my father's gold repeater announced in a sweet fiHverv chime that it was a quarter past seven. Before the sound had died away a young man who was lying upon toe sward gave a peculiar cry, and I replaced my watch quickly Sd thrust my hand into my glove again as he said, in a rapid warning tone :- "Put that gold watch and chain into your pocket, and the pretty ring on your hand I" Looking round, I saw why toe oaution had been riven ; two tramps were slouching by. I cou!dnot tell whether they had heard the silvery chimes or seen the valuable diamond flash m the pale moonbeams, but I knew that 1 was glad they passed np the hill instead of going toward the town. " Thank you !" I said very gratefully. «« You are welcome, lady," the young man returned rather gruffly. " But you shouldn't dance them things afore a hungry man's eyes, or maybe you'll lose them." «' I won't do it again," I said, with some humilitv, wondering all the while where and when I had seen the young man; that I had him before I w as oonvweed. We all talked together for a minute or sj, and then, recollecting that time was precious and that I still had fully three miles to go, I wished them — " Go:>d day and good luck !" «' And the 6ame to you, with the sun on the path " they returned heartily. The young man got up, came close to me, and said iu a whisper which the rest could not hear : < It was kind of you to remember me, and I haven't forgot the debt I owe you, aud some thing tells me I shall not be indebted to you long." " You owe me nothing," I assured him eagerly; ''lam pleaeed to see you again. I did not recognise you at first, but I know now that they call you Rainbow Bill ?' " "Yes," he admitted, with a slight frown: "hut when they christened me that I had little thought as you, standing by so quiet, watching us pick hops, knew every word we said." " Yo," I replied laughingly, " for if you had known you wouldn't have been spiteful when the old gentleman asked who the little black lady wae." "I know I called you some nasty name, I thought you was like the rest, and too proud a woman to speak to a poor gipsy or touch his hand.'" Without a word more I laid my hand upon his, aud raising the left one in the air made a sign that I hardly expected they would under- Etuini. Tjiere was a look of deep astonishment on the aged gipsy's face, hut the others simply favored me with a friendly nod I scarcely ex pected to receive ; and as I passed on my way I heard a shrill voice saying : — That's one of the Welsh gipsies — perhaps the black lady herself J What's her name. Bill?" ' ''Idunno; but it's the little black lady as begged me off when I got into trouble ; an' I'll pay her back ju8t now, I'm thinking !" "It is the unexpected that always happens." When I started from Thorngrove I had a vision of all sorts of things that might occur, but I never even thought of "Rainbow Bill," much le?8 expected to meet him. I had almost for gotten his existence, and it is too long a story to tell how 1 became acquainted with him ; it is sufficient to say that I was the means of pre venting him irom being prosecuted for a serious breach of the Game laws. It was a clear case, and unfortunately Bill had used Mb fists some what freely, and 1 had to exert all my influence to beg hi;o off. J sulked on briskly, quite pleased with the little adventure — indeed I forgot how dark and lonely was the way, and I gave no thought to trampe, Aii of 8, sudden — for no reason that I can give —my fear-, returned : but there was a difference Before, they had assumed ho form or shape ; they were as vague and shadowy as j gait"ren)einbered dream. Now they were debEed; and I no longer dreaded the spirit or the night and wild creations of toe brain, but bemgs of flesh and blood. I knew I was not alone. I waB shadowed by somebody — «.nd it was not a friend. In vain I looked up and down toe road ; there Was not a tingle creature in sight. I strained riy ears to the utmost, but I could not hear- a lootiall or even the rustle of a leaf. Never did he moon shed her gentle radiance upon a fairer cene of peace. I resented my journey onward with lagging feet ; al: ; he elasticity gone out of em, and hope had within my heart. I tried to feel brave, but. did not succeed, and I fo<T mjBelf up for loit before I had seen my It was a long, narrow road, little better than anTtt'iw1 a ?reat bigb hedge on either side ana tall trees that mingled their wide spreading tlTh a ovei"bead and shut out the rays of the night P'le beams Ebe moon by Tw,afst 1 came t0 » sharp bend in the road. covlS'r -rIe Was a Piece of waste ground Which mTilt 1186 thick6tei>f grse an brier Btinon/i g T prove a ?ood ambuscade. In- no avrif y t gfT Lt a rida berth' but ifc was of from hi1-nJWOilU?e sbadows gUdod stealthily seen 1, a v. 81' then the tramps I had confro2mg yr the gipsies' camp suddenly , military taor6' wa8 profoundly ignorant of forwB'' tn tu t; ?ev/rtheleB8 1 4 4 disposed my ! bcioubIv i?i tu advantage, and afi uncon- b lancet correct thing in the circuiu- closebestoefl .re.?eat. . ancient oak grew formed a vat. W1,de 8Pr0ading branches gnarled J?! above my Bead, and its —ran and twined i roote— the growth of ages grassy path I fe.Ctlon aboat th® afforded then f«« 7 Ju fneidly shelter it massive trnnt - a®0d the enemy. With that Ey a high bankof r &r;' anked on the right by an immense u marl, and on the left jagged edtroo , P f unbroken stones with Wfed than the 'nfP as ts' 1 felt leas unpro Was a brilliant thon'T ayI "Pk® manoeuvre i think we were all gt,uamt0I3tionaI success, anyhow. rather astonished ; I was, Jstramps® aSd1 tentin ascertained than tan men, after, ma more like tigers ttsfootto tffSS1 «neof them' Projecting roots, fell with l?thL?I vUpon ®tony heap; then, JSSS? i.81g\or, a moto. to sUd to the where he lay quite still, a senseless, 1x19 ujPtorned face was ghastly It mw on thfbww! 7 as a terrible shock to me and an awfni warning to the other evildoSl butif l ha? i M prBtrate nian s companion in With brnfL?r? £ Was 800a undeceived. L imprecations and threatening a wa® ordered to "fork out" my K'rH with trembling hands did so. I toe aZJ ld®a toat if 1 complied with noMihto T demaad with as little fuss as ml8bt conciliate him and satisfy his unlawful greed ; but I was mistaken. 7 „„ £ly a er and two half sovs. ! I wonder t ashamed towalk about with such a Sfsum 2? f m2nej \ he said» with real or into Ms " dr0PWd 010 PUIaa foil? is alL J bave>" X tried to say: but mv .hattermg in my head, and my lips I wlw / -0, Worda> few" as they were! fh!!2? !? y a£aid, and. to add to my fears, there was a mist swimming bafore my eves K?? befora me a gigStioS earth. Uncouth 8bape, unlike a thing of aU J10 would only let me go " I thought dMpamny I shall faint or die if I play T; Td' as I looked at toe senseless form at my feet, I shuddered and wondered if the man was dead. w P0?? st?nd a shiverin' there like a ghost, eSi«ntnK £7" th4t time ' dy of y<>» JfwSrinSe\ 80 Pratty. lit® the belie in church, and look sharp !" f«fwked maa a-Stost. Give him my wacb» a wretch like him! Oh, the very thought was madness I I oould not euffer hatetp'sr"0 int «" - too 0a,nol '' erved myself to exclaim, and the sound of my own voice somewhat reassured me and braoed me up to further efforts. Now none o' yer nonsense ! I ain't a- coin' ni?bt Palaverin' with you— so dontthmk! You just hand over that ticker for you !" 7 rings> or ifc 'U be tb« worse " I won't !" " 2.b» y«u won't, won't you ?" No; I'll die first!" And I felt that I would. i >aJL Jack's ring — the sign of the tender love he bore me, the seal of our betrothal- impossible! Jack, my Jack, my husband that was to be, had placed it on my hand, and I had promised him, with a little shy kiss, that I would wear it night and day; and! was onlv too glad to keep my word. My bonny sailor lad was on the sea; many a cruel wave and awful billow flowed and roamed between my love and me, but when I looked at that precious token Jack did not seem so far away. And the pure gold was like b : nself, and the lustre of the stone was the love light in his eyes. Part with my darling's ring ! No, I would never do that I would keep it as long as life was left to me ! I told the wretch so, and I stood before him no longer a shivering, shaking coward, but a bold, defiant woman. Vain were his threats and imprecations — I would not surrender; nothing he might say or do should induce me to deliver those priceless treasures into his hands. " There is no one to help you if you screamed your heart out!" he roared, with savage exul tation. But the brutal assurance had no terrors for me, though those who would fly to my aid were my need but known were far from me. 4 4 But why not ?" I asked myself. True, the distance was great — far too great for the ordi nary voice or a seaman's " Ahoy !" But what of that? I had been East and I had been West, and I had seen many strange sights, strange people and strange customs, and I had learned many strange things, two of which were to stand me in good stead that night. The first I had picked up on the banks of the Ityosi from a friendly Zulu long before we went to war with his tribe. He was our guide, and he assisted my father to master the language, and he taught me how to shoot. A Zulu will make himself heard for a great distance with the wind dead against him ; and I tried to learn toe art, and succeeded as well as a civilised being oould hope to do. Now, as I drew deep successive draughts of air into my lungs and raised a cry of distress, the waves of sound rolling onward, to be echoed and re echoed by the surrounding heights, I mar velled that I had not thought of such strategy before, especially when toe sharp yelp of a dog was borne to me on the soft breeze of night, followed by a shrill whistling hi? a that shqwed that my cry was heard, and help was near at hand, nearer than I thought or dared to hope. The tramp knew this as well as I, and that what Jbe had to do most be done qnickly. Thrusting out his atmislie made a grab at me, but I elud ed his grasp and_ darted behind the tree. Then we dodged each other, played a kind of bide and seek like two children, save that it was a terribly earnest game, and the fun was left out altogether. (to bs oonttntjkd.) An old Scotchman is said to have risen in prayer-meeting one night and apropos of nothing delivered himself of the following remarks There are three things I never oonld qnite understand. First, why boys will throw sticks at green apples when, if they waited, the apples would ripen and drop off ; secondly, I never could quite com prehend why men go to war to kill each other when, if they remained quietly at home they would die a natural death in good tone ; thirdly, and most important of all, I do not see why the men chase around after toe women, since, if they sat still, the women woold run around after them." How true that death comes to all men, to some so pre maturely, who neglect the warning symptoms of approaohing disease, such as a tired aching feeling in the morning, headaches and ner- vosness, soar taste in tb© mouth, etc., all these are signs that the physical body is deranged and that if treated lightly, serious danger is to be apprehended. W. Swansea, Esq., 70 6Mng William street, Fitzroy, Melbourne, >f&ys; j " About three years ago I was scifbd all rasudden with great lassitude, dizziness and ftiEtfeme nervousness so great that I was unable toaSHy after any effort. My digestive organs frso impaired and my liver so congested scarcely able to eat any solid food, gradually became so weak that I could barely drag myself along. After using a number of doctors medicines and advertised remedies to no purpose, I started on a course of Clements Tonic which brought me great relief, especially when using Dr. Fletcher s Pills as well. Then I gained we and Btrength quickly. I took together 12 bottles of Clements Tonlo and 4 boxes of Fletcher s Pills, and my health andvlgor mcreaunder their healthful stimulus." Miss Amelia Mensh, 471 Tfing street, Melbourne, writes I I have suffered moet acutely neural, wrnudi meamuch £y Gtanenfa Head e'Beokett street, Melbourne. 