AP08T0LI0AL SUOOB88ION. (A Sunday Evenino Prelude by Rev. J. B. Gidlison.) St. : Peter, St. Paul, St. Augustine, Lather, Oalvir), Edwards, Wesley, Spurgeon — V from peak to peak leaps the live light ning." The same divine flame flashed from all their lips. Hen, every one of them, of intense apltltaal life, living in close oontnofc with the anaeen world, abundantly blpBBedl by God to thn salvation of Bonis and ill ad-| miniatratlng the aflilra of Hla ohnroh—men; of every variety of disposition, training and; circumstance, bat filled with apoatolio zwlj and preaching apoatolio doctrine with truly apoatollcal results, they, and such ns they are the lineal descendants of the Apostles. 1 The Inheritance of spiritual privileges and prerogatives, have beon claimed along three different lines. ■ The old Jews mod to claim religions privi leges along the line of family descent. " We have Abraham to our father," waa the an preme boast of their rnoe. Their geneilogit cal tables, tbelr Hebrew language, their Jewlah countenances, were in their estima tion passports to heaven, tokens of the special favouritism of Jehovah. John the Bsptiat told them indignantly, " God i'r able of these etoneB to rnlBo up ohildren unto Abraham.' Paul argued, «• They are ni b »11 larael who are of Israel and OhriBt flatly denied the parentage and extraction of pome j who made this olnim. " I know th»t ye nri> Abr.ihim'a Bead," He said when tliey plctl their national nrlvlleeea, but added, •' If ye, were Abraham's ohildren ye would do the works of Abraham,' Spiritual pedigrees are nob to be traced along heraldic liner. Thrre mnat be a Boul-feilowship, an heredity of heart and conduct. Grace does not run ih the blood. Let none claim kinship with those to whom their hearts are ttlirn and foreign. A pedigree of the flesh I Why, a horse may have a pedigree I Religious descent Is a question of rollgloun affinity, and spiritual prerogatives ore conferred oh those who have faculties of spiritual discern ment and ability to exerolse the functions of fche'mlnlatry. Then, In contrast to thfs view of inherit anoe along the line of a fleshly gemnlocy, there Is the modem notion of an historical socoosBion, the theory according to which the Roman hierarchy and at least one Protestant sect, claim, with not over-much modi Bty, that their dignitaries are the exclnsivo re presentatives of the Apostle;. The claim is made on the supposition that spiritual pre rogatives are conveyed by the lnyirig mi of the hands of -» biehnp. Unhappily the same spiritual results do not seem to be eflected in modorn times, which followed upon the original laying on of the hinds of the Apostles, Thank God there hav« b en many men of great piety and spiritual abilily in both the Roman and the ProtesMint Episcopal Church, bat (hat has been in spi'e of, not on account of, their arrogint and un scriptural claim, History Bhowa not nnly that God did not take the means to preserve such a succession in his church, but also, what is more to the point, that God has not confined his blessing and tho power to per form spiritual functions to any historical line of transmission. Finally, in striking contrast to tho floBhiy and the historical Hues of descent, thorn Ib that of a spiritual succession as taught in the New Testament, and to bo traced down the ages by religions affinities and the practical evidence of spiritual gifts. To those who re sisted him, St. Paul points to the praoMi al results of his labours as " the slon* of an Apostle." To certain of his converts he writes; " If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless 1 am to yon ; for tlie sen! of mine apoitlesliip are ye in the Lord ' The only true evidence that any man is withir the line of the apostolical sacoessitn is that God nses him to leal sonls out of Bpiri u»l darkness Into the light and love of Christ. Paul's plea is this : God has " made lis suffi cient ah ministers of tho.New Testament ; not of tho letter, but .of the spirit." No doubt he laid-claim to a special divine caii— " an apostle, not of men, neither by man, bnt by Jeaua Christ." And no preaoher of the gospel has a right to undertake tho re sponsibilities of the holy calling unless ho be . convinced in his soul that ho has been divinsly appointed to the post. But the proof to God's ohurch that his inward con viction is not a mistaken one muBt bo " the signs of an apostle," the possession of spiritual abilities. Whether with or with out a prelatic or presbyterial blessing, he alone is an hereditary successor of the apostles whj has been " ordained" by tho Holy Ghost, and shows himself capable of exercising apostolio functions by wielding effectually the sword of tho Spirit. 