I Whose Was the Pistol ? Ir : : o CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) )p.-. one played carelessly with tne lip leaves of her flowers, and then looked ||A: up at him with a smile. "You are terribly in earnest, Sir .Lancelot, she said. ;1j'. "In earnest! That indeed I am. ! Why, I live for this one purpose 1 My j|:' life holds no other — it is concentrated f'j; on it — I have no life outside it. A man is in earnest when he speaks fji sc." _ \i| "Itisonoof your characteristics,'' j 1 she observed, " to be in earnest over _ / everything, no matter how trifling. If '/t I ' asked you this minute to go and it 1 choose for me a flower or a hook it 'jj would be done as though life just then |ff were worthy of naught else. It is j rather a terrible quality.'1 (if "Yet you like it, I am sure," he re joined. Light, graceful, airy fancies and manners are all very well ; but I ' like a man, or woman either, who, having something to do, does it "J promptly, and does it well." , V.I. suppose it isiibest," she said, musingly. He resumed — , " Be iu earnest for one minute your- ; self, Lady Gwendoline; give me the ! L present you promised — one affectionate word," The beautiful face flushed, and the ' ! jewelled fingers played more carelessly .'T with the flowers. ' j " What word do you want, Sir Lancelot?" " Any that you will deign to speak : — one that you have never uttered to anyone else yet— one that yon would j no more give to any of your crowd of !i,;- adorers than you would give your |:.j. diamond tiara to a street beggar. Give > me a word that you will never speak i',". to any one else." | j': She gave a little sigh, as though she were half frightened, _;i " I have never uttered an affection- i): ate word to anyone except my father," i: she confessed, hesitatingly. " It must be different to the words i! " you give to him," he said. |ii" She drew back so suddenly that the N.i' light in her jewels seemed to flash like , lightning over her. \- " You ask me, Sir Lanoelot, for that |ij' which I cannot grant," she returned, fel . There came such an expression of !j? pain on his face that she relented. |t "I wish you a very happy Christ- id ...mas," she added, gently. $i;V " Its happiness or its. misery, Lady Gwendoline, will depend upon you — j;j! and you know it," he observed! "You Si : will deal put life or death to me. With those beautiful lips be merciful ; let it ;i v be life, and let the life begin with the j . one word I have asked for." ;U.-- -She looked up into the handsome j'f face — into the pleading, passionate :U eyes-; her breath seemed to come and j . go quickly. .. .. i !;! ! " I cannot," she murmured, "mice i-j you top well to tease you, Sir Lance- U lot. I mean just what I say." fe; " And I mean what I say, Lady ||. Gwendoline. I shall follow you like a liij shadow until I have won the word I ijtj. long to hear from you. j ' " That is throwing down the gaunt' I, lot," she saicl quietly, "Yes, and it will be war between ji'iy us until I am the conqueror ; but re ft. member, Lady Gwendoline, I shall . conquer only to become a slave." fe - '» You speak in metaphor," she said, walking away from him. i ,' But he followed her. Sir Lancelot cj had been in earnest all his life, .but .il. never so terribly as now. l'i r CHAPTER II. ) v Lord Lynmavoho sat at the head of the table. A grand banquet on Christ- i |: mas Eve was an institution with him, . and ho never failed to preside over it. ! There was something almost pathetic ! in the old man's face as he looked : >; round on the grand old dining-hall,- a-, with its roof of grained oak and its I 'I. i Christmas dccoiations — on the long i.-v table, graced by old silver that had ft served the family for long generations 1 ! , —on the circle of happy faces. . k- .His eyes filled with tears. New 1 fashions were nothing to him. The giand Saxon heart beat in the worn frame. Ho took a glass of wine, rich of hue, rare of bouquet, and he pledged his guests. He prayed heaven to bless them, and keep the sunshine in their hearts and faces. He wished them a merry Christmas, and hoped the timo would never come when Christmas with its holly and its kindliness might be weari some to them. And then the banquet began. When it was nearly "over, the old lord rose once more. He had another toast — they must pardon his proposing it, but he .was amongst his friends, amongst those whom he loved and who loved him. .His toast was. — his daughter, the crown of his life, the centre of all his hopes, the object of his dearest love. Her face flushed as she listened ; there was a contraction as of pain round the perfect lips. Sir Lancelot could not account for the anxious, uneasy expression that came over her fair young face, nor could he tell why it affected him as it did. It was not a look of modesty that shrank from praise, but rather of pained self- depreciation. More than once that evening Sir Lancelot found himself thinking of that look, and wondering over it. , When the grand banquet was over, and the guests had returned . to the drawing-room, some one told, with great spirit and animation, a ghost story, and then the conversation turned upon ghosts and weird wild fancies. Sir Lancelot remained by Lady Gwen doline's side ; she looked up at him with a sniila. "I am rather a strange kind of being myself," she said. " I am not quite like others, I think." " I am sure of it," he put in laugh- ingly ; "but not in the sense you mean." " Perhaps you will laugh at me, Sir Lancelot, but I have really, in some measure, the gift of second- sight. Do not think , it is all superstition. I have seen, as it wero in my own mind; events that have afterwards eome' to pass. That has happened to mo several times. Do you know what my old nurse says is the reason J " " No, I do not," he replied, smiling at the grave, lovely face. " It is because I was born at 12 o'clock on All-Hallows night, and the old legend is that a person born then has the gift of second sight. I often have forebodings of events about to happen. Last night I had a strange dream." There was a far-off look in her eyes as- she spoke — an absent ex pression on her face. " A strange dream," she repeated. " And all this day— though it has been a happy day, and Christmas Eve — I have been thinking of- it. The face I saw in it has haunted me ever since.' " Tell me what your dream was, Lady Gwendoline." " I dreamed that, walking along some long, dim corridor, filled with a strange grey light, I saw a woman. She was tall and young, and she had hair of dead gold, somewhat like my own — her face was very pale. I should recognise her face if I saw it amongst a thousand others. She had wistful grey eyes ; it was a sad, strange kind of beauty, and cold and stony. As I passed her I looked at her, and she looked at me ; our eyes met, and the terrible expression of hers sent a thrill of horror through me. She- spoke to me, raising her hand with a warning gesture. ' All the misery of your life will come to, you through me,' she said, and then she seemed to vanish. What can such a dream mean, Sir Lancelot i" " I cannot tell," he replied gravely ; " there is no accounting for dreams. Do you know suoh a woman 1 Have you ever seen anyone like her — this cirl with the dead-gold hair and terrible eyes 1" " No," answered Lady Gwendoline, " I have never seen such a face ; it was quite new to me." " Have you any female enemy V he asked. "Not one," replied Lady Gwendo line, smiling. " Perhaps I am foolish to remember the dream ; but it has haunted me — I feel that I shall again Bee the same stony face with its terrible look.'' "I 'shall be quite anxious about you," he said ; " you have given me a share of your foreboding. . Yet what is a dream 1 And what harm could happen to you, so beloved, so cared for, so worshipped ? There is a bar rier surrounding you which outs you off in a measure from this world of danger and sorrow." "You are right," she returned, thoughtfully, "and I am foolish. I hope the next droam that haunts me will be a pleasant one. ' And then she stopped abruptly,, for there was a sound of piusio. " It is the Waits," she said, " let us listen to them," They walked together to one of the large windows and looked out. The moon shone brightly, and before the grand entrance stood the little band of musioians. Lady Gwendoline's face grew more lovely with the light that came into it ; Sir Lancelot's softened, and grew more tender as he watohed her, Per haps the quaint sweet Christmas music had in some measure taken her out of herself. She seemed for the time to have lost all her shyness and timidity with him ; she looked up at him with the eagerness of a child. " I think," she remarked, " that if I were in the greatest trouble, Sir Lancelot, Christmas would bring me peace ; there would be no wrongs so great or so cruel that I could not forgive them." It was another of those uncon sciously prophetic expressions that she used at times. Sir Lancelot smiled at it. " You will never have a wrong to forgive," lie said qiiietly. " Who could, who would wrong you ?" " No one, I hope ; but, if ever such a thing happened, I could not keep a bitter memory in my heart during Christinastide, Listen, Sir Lance lot." They both bont forward to listen to the simple words of the Christmas carol ; thoy brought with them no warning of the clouds that wero gathering and the fears that were to follow. Presently the music ceased, and the beautiful face lost its gravity. Sir Lancelot watched it as the intense, earnest expression died away. " How lovely the night is 1" he said, bending over her. " When one is happy everything looks beautiful," he whispered. "Are you happy, Lady Gwendoline? Nay, you. shall pot turn from me, and pretend that you do not . understand me. Standing . here . with you is the greatest happiness I could have. I would not change it for any other. I would not give up these few precious minutes : to gain a kingdom. Are you happy, too ? Tell me." He caught her hand in his own — he bent over her — and she. shrank from the passionate love that shone in his face. " Everyone is happy at Christmas," she replied, evasively. ' " Ah, Lady Gwendoline, you are proud and cold. If you saw me dying of burning thirst, you would give me water; if you saw me dying from starvation, you would give me bread ; and yet, when I teU you that my whole soul longs for one endearing word from your lips, you will not speak it. You are cold, cruel and proud. I had bettor have lavished the whole love of my life on a marble statue." Her face flushed at the passionate words, the flowers trembled in her hand: "I think," he' went on, "that, sweet and fair and graceful and gracious though women are, they do- light in cruelty. I could not torture the meanest object in creation as you torture me." "I do not mean to torture you," she said, half hesitatingly. " Hark 1" broke in Sir Lancelot. "That is 12 o'clock striking — now it is Christmas Day." He held the white, jewelled hand in his own, he drew the beautiful figure neater to him. " You must give me the one word I have prayed for. Say, ' A merry Christmas, Lance dear." She half hesitated, but the pleading eyes, the handsome face, the passionate love that subdued her were irresis tible. "I wish you a happy Christmas, Laneo," she said. " I grow bold with your kindness," he said, kissing the little, hapd. ' She drew it from him with a sudden cry, and to him it seemed that the cry was one of unutterable pain. " You must not do that again," she told him. "Not until next Christmas," he sup plemented. " Well, I would cheerfully wait twelve months for. the happiness of kissing that sweet white hand again." She saw the half-triumphant ex pression in his dark eyes, and she owned to herself that it was hard to be angry with him. CHAPTER III. Lady Gwendoline Lynmarche had passed one season in London,, and if' she had not been one of the most sensible of girls the flat tery and homage that sur rounded her must have spoiled her. Pair hair was fashionable, blonde beauties were in the ascendant, but the great world had seen nothing so fair as this daughter of a grand Saxon race. Her fair face and dead-gold hair, her graceful figure and white hands, so perfect in symmetry, turned all heads. She was the queen of the season, and she had no rival near her throne. She was the most beautiful and the most popular of belles. There were the Gwendoline bonnet and the Gwendo line robe, the Gwendoline chair and the Gwendoline mantle ; whatever she wore or patronised became the rage ; wherever she went others followed, to have the pleasure of looking at her. Her portrait had been painted by the prince of court-painters, and was said to be the finest work of art in the Academy exhibition. Crowds gazed on the lovely face framed in dead- gold hair, All that the world could give of homage and flattery and adulation was hers, And yet, with this same brilliant world at her feet, there were some who said she did not look happy. Young — she was not yet twenty — beautiful with a beauty few women ever, possessed, the wealthy heiress of a wealthy race, with a father who not only worshipped and indulged her, but had never in his life denied her any wish — what more could she desire 1 Yet there were many who said that she was not happy— that, despite its calm fair loveliness and high-bred repose, her face was anxious — that she had a habit of looking round, half frightened, at any sudden entrance, at the unexpected sound of footsteps, at the sound, of. a, strange voice. She would turn in a strange, half-frightened fashion, as though dreading to see someone. She did this so often that people notioed it at last, And then the dainty bloom in her face came and wont so suddenly. When talking eagerly, happily, a chance word would drive the light and anima tion from her face, a far-off dreamy look would come into her eyes, and only after a time would she rouse her self, when it was like one waking from a painful dream. There were times even when she seemed so restless, so unlike herself, that Lord Lynmarche grew anxious, and insisted upon her taking advice. Doctors looked gravely at her, and said something about her being over tired and needing rest,. There was nothing the matter that they could detect. Lord Lynmarche said that, when the London season had ended, instead of going to Brighton or to Ryde, they would go to Dynewell, and there, the doctors assured him, with a courtly bow, Lady Gwendoline would soon be herself again. She had lovers and admirers in numerable, this proud young beauty, but she had never smiled on any of them. The world would have been delighted if it could but have found her to be the heroine of a love-story, but there wos not the least whisper of anything of the kind. The Earl of Boynford had made her an offer, which she had refused ; frightened and warned by his fate, other lovers stood at a respectful distance. She moved amongst them with proud, serene, un ruffled grace. She accepted all com pliments and flattery, all homage and attention, in ,tho eame fashion, with the same half-veiled graceful indifference ; no man could boast; to himself, that she had . given bi)n a, smile more, encou-. raging or more kind than she had given another. .' But there was one lover who per severed in spite of rebuffs, and that was Sir Lancelot .Elmere. She might be cold or proud as she would, she might treat him with . indifference or with contempt— it was all the same to him ; he loved her, and he had vowed to himself that he would win her. Ho had seen her ' portrait at the Academy before he had seen herself; he caught a glimpse of the face so 'like the face of a Saxon queen, and of the dead-gold - hair, and - then he. crossed the roota ' to look inore closely at the picture. Its loveliness fascinated him ; he looked at it long and lingeringly. ' "Is that some artist's dream," he wondered, " or is it the portrait of a living woman ?" lie turned to his -'catalogue — " No. 267, Lady GwenddiiriVLyninarehe." Then he reinemboreii-' to have heard of her, of her beauty- and grace, and he determined to obtain an introduc tion to ber. All day the face of that portrait was with him — the beautiful tender eyes, the proud sweet lips, and the wondrous hair of- dead gold. M ore than once he tried to put aw ay the memory, but he could'not; it haunted him. " Surely," he said to himself, with a smile, " I who have been indifferent to the charms and fascinations of some of the finest women in England — surely I am not in love with a picture." That same night he saw her at the opera. His heart beat,' his pulses thrilled, his whole heart went out to her. .- " She, and no other," he said to him self. " She looks like Queen Guinevere at the tournament, only I believe King Arthur's wife was not half so fair." Lady Gwendoline wore ' a dress of white silk, with a knot of violets at her breast and a circlet of pearls in her golden hair. He watched her intently, and he loved her from that moment with a love that would end only with his life — a love that never grew loss or cold, although- once he believed that it was changed into burning hate. As be looked at her there came to him a sense of a completed life. " Is she, I wonder," he said, " the other half of my own soul 1" 'And then he found means to pro cure an introduction to her. Lord Lynmarche was with his daughter, and he had met Sir Lancelot before. He was delighted to renew the ac quaintance. He welcomed the young baronet: warmly, and smiled to himself a quiet smile when: he. saw. 'how com pletely Lady. Gwendoline absorbed his attention, There were few words spoken when these two, who were to be so much to each other, were introduced. Sir Lance lot murmured something about the pleasure and Lady Gwendoline bowed. There was a slight flush on her face and a light in her eyes. Sir Lancelot sat down by her side. They forgot the whole world. There was she brilliant opera-house,- with its circle of beautiful women — there was the stage, with its wondrous magic ; but these two, who had looked into each other's eyes, had lost themselves \- — they neither saw nor heard. It was the first delicious draught of the cup that had death in its dregs. " I do not consider that I am speak ing to a stranger," said Sir Lancelot. " I feel rather as though I had known you all my life, , and the reason is be cause tbis morning — it seems an age since then — I saw your portrait at the Academy. I have never had your face out of my mind for one moment since, and, now that I see the reality, I am half dazzled, half confused." The honest, handsome face flushed with emotion ; the honest, noble heart beat as it had never done before. Her white eyelids drooped. There was in her manner, then as afterwards, some thing that he could not understand. She was hot displeased a£ his admira tion, but rather frightened at it. That night Lady Gwendoline was kinder to him than she was afterwards, She was never again so frank, so cor dial, so winsome. She had talked to him gaily, frankly, without reserve, herself quite unconscious of theglamour that was falling ovep. her. Lord Lyn marche, with a smile,- stood by while Sir Lancelot took lier to the carriage, ,He was even kind enough to linger, good-naturedly, talking to somefriend, while Sir Lancelot stood for five happy minutes conversing with Lacjy. Gwen doline. The wind was cook He looked at the light opera-cloak. "Are you sure you are warm enough ?" he asked. . It was suoh a simple question, yet there was something in the tone which spoke volumes, "Yes," she replied, drawing the cloak round her shoulders, "I am warm enough. Good night, Sir Lan celot," "She held out her hand, and he kept it for one half-minute in his own. " May I say just one word to you, Lady Gwendoline? To-night has been the happiest time of my life ; nay, my life dates from this hour. I have not lived before." In the faint light he saw the color deepen on her face, and he knew she was not angry with him. "Lady Gwendoline, I know that it is presumptuous of me, but I have been so happy, my happiness has driven all prudence away; give mo the ' violets you have been wearing. Do you refuse mo," . Perhaps it -was that she did not stop to think. The next minute he stood alone with the violets in his hand, and Lady Gwendoline was think ing over what she had done. " I ought not have given them to him," she thought. " When I see him again, I must be on my guard." CHAPTER IV. If thinking of her new friend during half the night, and longing for the time when she should see him again, was " being on her guard," then indeed was Lady Gwendoline prudent enough. Lord Lynmarche spoke of Sir Lance lot on the following day, saying how pleased he was to renew his acquaint ance. He had a fashion of speaking his mind very plainly. He was quick to say whom he liked and whom he did not like, and he could not praise Sir Lancqlot sufficiently. Lady Gwendoline listened with a quick beating of her heart. It was so pleasant to hear him praised, although she had decided that she must be on her guard ; it was pleasant to hear all his good qualities discussed, though these same qualities could never be any concern of hers. The next time they met was at Lady Holbrook's ball. Lady Gwendoline was looking very beautiful ; her dress of white and gokl suited her fair blonde loveliness, and the diamonds that gleamed in her hair, and circled her white throat, added a radiance to her grand beauty. She had half ex pected to see Sir Lancelot there, and had promised herself to be very cautious. But there Vas no caution in her thrill of delight, nor in the flush that rose to her face. Presently he stood before her holding out hiB hand. She was changed to him : he saw that at once. Her eyes drooped before his — she hid most carefully the light of welcome — her words were cold, her manner was even colder. He liked her better so than if she had appeared delighted to see him. There must, despite her caution, have been some thing that gave him a slight hope, for throughout the evening he lingered by her side ; he danced with her, and with none else, and very soon the rumor began to circulate that Sir Lancelot Elmere, the wealthiest 1 baronet in England, was fascinated by Lady Gwendoline Lynmarche. It was nothing unusual — she had had so many loverB and admirers. But there was -something different in her manner to him. The cool, polished, graceful indifference with which she received all other homage had given place to a shy, pretty avoidance of him. He was not the only one who had noticed it. . (to be continued.) 