A DAUGHTER OF LILITH. j, __-._o ? ? ; ? Vhe Strange Story or a Man'9 Love |for an Immortal. I had left: Paris on the evening of the previous day; and passed a long and silent niglifc in a corner of the railway carriage. For _ six mortal hours I had waited at a small station, and not until the afternoon did I Bticcoed in finding a peasant's cart to take me to Artigues. Thn plain, the undulations 'of which rose and fell on each sido of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great sun, was now covered by a thick veil of snow, over wnicn wrunea uiu oiucit, owiaueu uuuw u» the vines. My guide pushed his old horae along slowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep eilenco which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, I murmured in my heart this prayer : ' My God ?—God of mercy — preserve me from despair and let me not commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon! ' Then I saw the sun, red and rayless, descending like a bleeding host on the- horizon, and, re calling the divine sacrifice of, Calvary, I felt hope enter my soul. The wheels continued to griite \- through the snow for sometime. At last, the '?' driver pointed out to me with his whip the steeple of A.rtigues, which stood out like a shadow in the reddish miat. 'Eh!' said the man to mo, 'yoi^ get off at the parsonage ? You know the cure ?' ? ' I have known him since my childhood. He was my master when I was at school.' ' He is learned in books ?' 'M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout.' 'They say so. They Bay other things, ''''also.' ' What do they say 1' ' They say what they like, and I let them talk.'' ' Well, what else ?' ' ' Well, there are some who believe that the cure is a sorcerer, and that he casts Bpells.' ' What nonsense t ' 'I say nothing, sir, myself ; but if M. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts epells, why does he read in books, then?' ,-The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. I' left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, who conducted ma to her master in the ?? dining- room, where the table waB~ already set. I found M. Safrac very much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, hia thinness had become ex cessive, his piercing eyes shone out from his emaciated face, and hia nose, which seemed larger, reached to hia drawn mouth. ' My father, my father !!' I cried; as I fell, sobbing, into his arms ; 'I come to you be cause I hav^Vra^. Oh, you, whose deep and^MtfMflHflmnce awed my spirit while tfMfllfl|HHHt-niy soul by showing me your *^^^^MW!ear5Tlraw your child from the brink of the precipice ! Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me I' He embraced me, smiled at me with that exquisite fondness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, step ping back a' Irttle, so us to see me better, said : 'With God's help,' saluting me after the fashion of his couulry. After years of distinc tion as professor of 'philosophy at' Bordeaux, at Poictiers, and at Paris, he had asked, as an only fnvor, for a poor living in the country where he had been born and where he wished to die. Cure of. Artigues fur the last six years, he practiced in this obscure village the most humble piety and the most exalted science. ' With God's help, my child,' he repeated. ' Your letter, announcing your arrival, moved me deeply. It is true, then, that you have not ' forgotten your old master?'1 I started to throw myself at his feet, still stammering: 'Save me, save me!' but he stopped me with a gesture at once gentle and , _. imperious. '''.lean,'' lie said,' ''you can tell me to morrow what you have to say. Now warm yourself. Then: we shall eat, for you must be very hungry.' ? : '.;?'.?..' The servant; placed on 'this . table the sonp tur'deen, from which rose a column of fragrant steam. - She. was an old woman, whose hair was hidden und^r, a black silk handkerchief and on whose wrinkled face were minsjlod the beauty of the peasant type; and the ugliness of decrepi tude. I was greatlj agitated ; still, the pence of the holy. dwelling, the cheerfulness of the wood fire, of the white table cloth, of the decanted wine, and of the steaming dishes, gra dually took possession of me, and- presently I almost forgot that I had come to the home of this pnqst to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repentance. \- ' Jean,' said M. Snnac, ' you were my best pupil. Your prompt intelligence always tra velled beyond the thought of the mnator. That is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not bo timid whoti impiety shows such indomitable audacity. The church to-day lias but lumbs ; she needs lions. ; 'Who will replace with us the fathers and the sages -.whoso glance embraced all tlie seiencpsV, Truth is like the sun, it needs the eye of tlie engle to contemplate it.' 'All, M. Safrac; ?you brought to boar on every question' tliat'eye which nothing dazzles. I remember 'how -your opinions sometimes startled even those, of ;y-iur colleagues whom the Rnnctky.'of ,your! life filled with admiration. You did not dread novelties. That was how, for instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of itihabiled worlds.' ?'What -will' tlie timid ones say when they road my book ? .'' he exclaimed, with brighten ing eyes ; 'Thave meditated, I have worked. You know that I am acquainted with Hebrew, Arabian, Persian, and' several of the Indian languages, . You know that I brought with me h'eroia library, rich in ancient manuscripts. I have dipped deep into knowledge of languages and. the trail itibns of the primitive Orient. I have, just1 finished my bock on the ' Origins,' which restores and sustains that- sacred inter pretation of the. Scriptures in the imminent ruin of which impious science believes already. God, in Uis mlinile mercy, has willed that science and faith be reconciled.. To produce this reconciliation, I start from this idea :;The Bible, inspired by tho Holy Ghost, tells nothing but what is true; but does hat_ tell all tlmt is truo. And how 'could it loll it, since it pro poses, for its oiilyobject, to inform us of that which is necessary' to our Vternal salvation ? Beyond this grand ? design, thoro existB nothing for it. Its plan is' iuUsiniple as it is. immense. It embraces the fall 'and tlio redemption. It. is the divine history of man. It is complete and limited.., Nothing ia adinittod to it simply to satisfy profane curiosity. Now impious science cannot triumph'- for: Ions' ovoi I ho ? silence of God. It is time to say':' 'No ; the Uiblo'has not lied, because it has not revealed all.' Such is tho '.ruth, which 1 proclaim. Mak ing use of ' geology, pre-historii) archosology, oriental cosmogony, Hittite monuments, Chal dean and Babylonian traditions, and ancient legends preserved in tho Talmud, I have affirmed tho existence of preadamites, of whom tho inspired author or Genesis does not speak, simply for the reason that their existenco would not allect the eternal salvation of the children ot Adam. Better still, a minuto examination of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to me the existence of two successive creations, separated' by 'great ages and of which the second is, so to speak, but tho adaptation of a portion of the earth to the needs of Adam an'd his pos terity.' Ho stopped for a moment, and then, in a low voice, he resumed, with a truly religious gravity: ' I, Martiul Safrac — an unworthy priost, doctor of theology, subject, as an obe dient child, to tho authority of our Holy Mother, the Church — I affirm, witli an absolute certainity — subject, always, to the authority of our Holy Father, the Pope, and the councils — that Adam, created m tho imase of God, had two wives, of whom Eve was the second.' These singular words drew my thoughts some what from myself, and I waestrangly interested (o them. 1 was, therefore, lomewbat dis appointed when M. Safrao, dropping his elbows' on the table, said to me : ? ' Enough of this topic. Some day, perhaps, you will read iny book, which will instruct you on the subject. It was necessary, as I was in strict duty bound, to submit this work to inonsoignour and to solicit the approbation of his grace. The manuscript is now at the arch bishop's, and I expect every moment a decision, which I have every reason to believe will prove favorable. ' Then the conversation becomming more familiar, turned on our mutual recollections. 'Yes, my child,' said M. Safrac to me, ' you were the pupil of my choice. God per mits preferences when they are founded on an equitable judgment. Now, I judged at once that there was in you tho making of a man and a Christian. Nol that I did not notice great imperfections in you. You were unequal, un certain, easily disturbed. Passions, still secret smoldered in your soul. I loved you for your great restlessness, as 1 loved another of my pupils for different qualities. 1 cherished Paul d'Brvy for the resolute firmness of his mind and heart.' At this name I turned red and then pale. I could hardly restrain a cry, and, when I tried to answer, it was impossible ior me to spoak. M. Safrac did not seem to notice my agita tion. 'If my memory is good he was your closest comrade,' he added; 'you have remained very intimate with him, have you not? I know that he entered tho diplomatic service, and that he has a great future before him. You have in him a faithful and devoted friend.' ' My father,' I answered, with an effort, ' I will talk to you to-morrow of Paul d'Ervy and of another person.' M. Safrac pressed my hand. We separated, and I went to the room which he had caused to be prepared for me. In my bed, perfumed with lavender, I dreamed that 1 was a child again, and that, kneeling in the college chapel, I was admiring tho white aud shining women with whom the seats were filled, when suddenly a voice, coming from a cloud, spoke above my head and said : ' Jean, thou believest that thou dost love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in them.' When I awoke in the morning I found M. Safrao standing at the head of my bed. ' Jean,' he said to me, 'come and hear the mass which I am going to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office, I will be ready to hear what you have to tell me.' The churchof Artigues is a little sanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished in Aquitaine iu the twelfth century. Restored, about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive plan* Being poor, it still preserved, at least its pure bareness. I joined, as well as my state of iniiid would permit, in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the parsonage. There we breakfasted on a little bread and milk and then entered M. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs up to the fire place, above which a crucifix was suspended, he invited me to sit down, and, having seated himself near me, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was fall ing. 'Myfather,'I commenced, 'it is t~n years since I left your care to enter the world. I have preserved my faith, but, alas ! not my purity. I need not retrace to you my career ; you know it— ryou, my spiritual cuide, the solo director of my conscience. Besides, I am in haste to reach the event which his upset my life. Last year, my family decided that I should marry, and I assented willingly. The young girl destined for me presented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me— so much so that, instead of making a ' marriage of convenience, ' I was about to make a marriage of inclination. We became engaged. The happiness and re pose of life seemed assured, when I received a letter from Paul d'Ervy, announcing his arrival in Paris from Constantinople and expres-ing a great desire to see me. I hastened to him and told him of my coming marriage. He congratu lated me cordially. I said that I counted on his being my best man, and he accepted willingly ; my marriage was fixed for the fifteenth of May, and he did not have to return to his post until the first days in June. Then the conversation turned to other topics. ' 'I am doing very well,' I said, ' and you ? ' ''Oh, 1 1 ' he answered, with a smile which expressed at once joy and sadneBS ; ' I what a change! I am mad— a woman — Jean, I am either very happy or very unhappy. What can you call a happiness which has been purchased by a bad action ? I have grieved, I have be trayed, an excellent friend, t have carried off from Constantinople, the; ? '' 'My son,' M. Safrac interrupted, 'omit from your story the faults of others and name no one.' I promised to obey, and continued as follows: ' Paul had hardly finished speaking when a woman entered the room. It was she evi dently. She seemed quite at ease. I will ex press to you in a single word tlie impression she ' made on ma. She did not seem to me to 'bo natural 1 feel how obscure this term is and how badly it explains my idea ; but, perhaps, it will become more intelligible to you as you follow my story. In truth, in the expression of her golden eyes, which seemed to emit, at times, showerB of sparks ; in the curve of her enigmatic mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and luminous; in the play of tho harsh and yet harmonious lines of her body ; in tho airy lightness ot her step ; even in her naked arms, to which invisible win^s seemed attached ; finally, in her. whole ardent and fluid being, I felt, something strangely foreign to human nature — something, I know not what, inferior aud superior to woman such as God has made her to be our companion on this earth of exile. From the moment that I saw her, a feeling arose iu my soul and completely filled it. I felt an hilinito disgust for all which was not this woman. 'When he saw her enter, Pani frownod slightly ; but changing his mind immediately, he triod to smile. . ' 'Leila, let me present my best friend.' ' I know M. Joan,' Leila answered.' ' These words must huve aoeme-d strango for we hnd certainly t.evor met before. But the accunt was stranger still ; if the crystal could think, it would speak bo. ~~. ''My friend Jean,' added Paul, Ma to bo married in. six weeks.' 'At this moment Leila looked at mo, and I saiv plainly that her golden eyes said ' No.' ' 1 loft greatly agitated, my friend not show ing tho least desire to retain me. I wandered about the streets all day, my heart empty and desolate ; then, finding myself, iu tho evening before a florist's shop on the Boulevard, [ re membered my tinance'e and enter' d to gut a branch of white lilac lor her. Hurdly was tho flower between my fingers when a little hand snatched it from mo, and I saw Leila running off, laughing. Sho had on a short gray -lruss, a gray coat, and a little round hat. This Parisian raoin;:|costume was strangloy inharmonious with the fuiry-liko beauty of this oreatti'o and seemed on her like a sort of disguise. Still us I saw her thus, L felt that I loved her with an inextinguishable love. 1 tried to catch her but sho escaped me in the crowd of people and carriages. ' From that moment I felt as if I no longer lived. I went several times to Paul's without seeing Luila agiiin. Ho received me pleasantly but did not apeak of her. Wo hail not)1 n-j to say to ono another, and I lots him sadly. Finally* one day, tho valet said to mo : ' M. d'Ervy is out ; ' and added, ' would you liko to seemadame?' I answered, ' Yes.' ' Oh, my father 1 this word — what tears of blood can never expiate it ? I entered ; I found her in the saloon, half lying mi a divan, in a robo of golden yellow, under which sho had curled her little foot. 1 saw hor — but, uo — 1 saw no more. My throat wns suddenly parched. I could not speak. An odur of myrrh and nromatics which came from her, intoxicated me with liuigoni: and dosire, as if all the perfumeB of the mystic O.ient had penetrated at onci my quivering nostrils. Surely ihe wai no autival 'omw), for nothing human appoared in her. Her f.icf* expressed ? no sentiment good or bad, oxeepiiiiL; th;it oi a voluptuousness at once sensual and celestial. Doubtless she noticed my agitation, for pre sently aho spoko to me,- in a voice as pure ai the song of the brooks in tho woods : '' 'What is tho matter with you 1 ''Ilovo you mailly,' I crijd through my tears, as I threw myself at. her feot. 'Then she opened her arms and cast on me a glance from her olear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so aooner ? ' sho said. ' Hour without a name? It seemed to me that both of us, carried away to heaven, filled it completely. I felt myself becoming the equal of God, and ? ' At these words M. Safrac, who hnd listened to me for some time with usible impatience, rose and stood against the chimney, holdni' his enssock up to his knees to w.urn Ins legs. 'You are a miserable blasphemor,' hesanl, with a severity which was almost contempt, 'and, far from detesting yon primes, j on con fess them only from pride and ih'lrc'ation. 1 will listen to you no longer.' I burst into tears and beggeo his forgiveness Seeing that my humility nsw sincere, ho allowed me to continue my coufission, on con-, ditiou shatl should not spare injsolf. ' My father,' I continued, ' I left Lu l.i, turn by rornorse ; but che next day sh' cinio to sio me, and then commenced a life which h.iiassed me with tortures nnd delights. I was jealous of Paul, whom I hail wronged, and I siiiteii'd cruelly. I do not believe there is a more do basing disease than jealoii3}, nor onfc which fills the soul with more odious nnigcs. Leila did not even deign to lie to help mo ; in fact, her conduct was inconceivable. 1 do not foiget to whom I am speaking, and 1 shall bo careful not to offend the ears of tho most venerable of priests. I will only say that Leila did not seem to participate in the love which she allo.wed mo to enjoy ; but she had instilled into my whole being tho poison of passion. Leila was' absolutely .without that which wo call moral sense. You must not boliove, for all that, that she showed herself wicked or crue! ; she jvas, on the ^contrary, gentle and full of pity. Neither did she lack intelligence, but lior in telligence was not of the same nature as ours. Sho spoke littlo, refusing to answer all ques: tions concerning her past. She knew nothing of those things which we usually know, bin, on tho other hand, know much, of things of which wo are ignorant. Brought up' in the Orient, she know all soris of Peraian and Hindoo legends, which she related in a moil'-' tonous chant, with an infinite grace. To hear her toll of tho charming dawn of the world, one would have said that sho was contemporary with tlio youth of the utim-r.se. O.'ic , day 1 mado the remark to- her. She answered, smil ing: 'I am old, it is true.'' M. Safrac, still standing before the fire, had been boiidin'' down toward me for some time, in an attitude of the liveliest attention.' ' Con tinue,' ha said. ' Several times, my father. I questioned Leila in regard to her religion. She answered that she had none that, she did not need aiiy j that her mother and her sisters wore, the daughters of God, and that, nevertheless, they were not bound to Him by tiny creed. She wore, suspended round her neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which sho said' she had piously gathered out of lovo for her mother. ' Hardly had I pronounced these wo'ds, when M. Safrae, p.ile and trembling, bounded for ward and pressed me iu his arms. ' She spoke the truth!'1 he cried ; 'I know now who this cieatnro was. Jean, your in siinct did not deceive you. It was not a woman. Finish — finish, I beg of you !' ' t ' My father, I have almost finished. Through love of Leila, 1 hud broker, off my solemn en gagement, 1 had betrayed my best friend, 1 had oll'ondcd God. Paul, having learned of Leila's infidelity, went wild with grief. He threatened to kill her, but she answered him gently: 'Try it. my friend ; I would like to die, but lean not.' 'Fur six months she was mine. Then, /me morning, she announced that she was going back to Persia and that she would sec mo no more. 1 n-epfc, I moaned, I declared that she never loved me. ' ' No, no, my friend,' she replied, gotilly ; ' but how many women, who have not loved you any more than 1, have not given you' that which you have received from me ? Vou, at least, owe mo some gratitude. Adieu-!1 'I remained two day3 in nnger and despair. Then, mindful of the salvation --f my soul, I hastenad to you, my father. I am liore ; purify, elevnte, fortify my heart !— for I . love her still ! ' M. Safrac remained thoughtful, his hand pressed against his forehead. 'My son,' ho said, at Ia3t, 'this confirms my great dis covorios ; this will confound the pride of the modern sceptics. Listen to me : Wo live to-day in a timo of iniracle3, as did ? the first born-men. Listen, listen! Adam had, as I told you, a first wife of whom tho Bible does not spoak, but with whom the Talmuil makes us acquainted. S'.i'e was called Lilith. Funned not from ono of his ribs, buc from the red earth from which ho himself was created, she was not fleslrof , his flesh. She left him of her own free will, lie was still living in innocence when sli3 loft him to go to those legions where the Persiaus established thomsilves long yours afterwards and where dwelt the proadaniites— morn intelligent and more beautiful than man. She had thorefore, no part in the fault of oui ? first father and was not sullied by the original sin; consequently she escaped the curse pro-^ nounced atraitiBt Evo and her posterity. She was exempt from pain and death. Having no soul to Bavo, Bhe was as incnpablo of nioritas of. demerit. Whatever she does she doe* neither good nor evil. Her daughters, born to her from' a mysterious hymen, nro immortal like hoi self, and, liko her, freo in their actions and in their .thoughts, since they can neither gain nor lose before God. Now, my son, I recognise; by infilliblo signs, tho creatuie who caused your fall. This Leila was a daughter of Lilith. Pray j I will hear you to-motiow iu confession.' lie remained thoughtful for a moment, then, di.iwmg a paper from his pocket h-j con tinued'': . ... ' Last night, after having wished you good night, I received from the letter carrier, whe had been delayed liy tho snow, a dis-agr-joable letter. The h'ad vic.ir writes that my book has sad'ioned monscignour and cast a gloom in bis soul over the coming joys of Lenr. Tins work, ho adds, 'n filled with daring propositions and opinions already condemned by tho fiithum. His grace could not appiove such unwholesome lucubrations. Thut is what they write mo. But I will rel.itH your adventure to inunsuiyui'ur; it will prove to him that Lilith ixists and that I do nol dream.' I bej-'ged M. S.ifrac to listen to me another moment. 'Leila, my father, «avo mu ut part ing a pi co of papyrus, on which are tiaued, with tho pont of a stylus, character:, which 1 can not rond. Horo is the amulet:.'' M. Safiac took the light .-heot which 1 handed him and oxamiued it aliuiitivuly. ' This is written in a Porhian laugua}^' of the golden age,' ho said, after a moment, ' nnd may be translated as follows : ' ' 1'ra.yeu of Leila, Dauohtrii of I.ilitii ' 'My God, promise to me death, so thai i- may taste life. My God, -jite to me remorse, so that 1 may find jileasure. My God, make me like to the duu'jhtm -]f Eve.' ' Friend — 'So yours wua a case of lnvo at fir-t sight ? ' M's. Gotthoro— ' Yea, indoed ! 1 foil .l-'S porately in love with my dear husband tho moment I But eyes upon him. 1 leinomber if as distinctly as if it were yuatuiday. I was walking with papa on tho be;ioh at St. Kilda, when suddenly papa slopped, and, puinliu^ him out, said, ' There, my dwtr, u » man worth two million*.1' i ? ,- 