VICTORIA. ARCHDI0CE8E OP MELBOURNE FEAST OF THE PUBIFICATION OF THE B.Y.M. The customary blessing of candles took place in each of the city churches on Tuesday, the Feast of the Purification of Our Lady. EEQUIEM OFFICE AND MASS. Requiem Office and Mass for the repoBe of the soul of the late Very Rev. Fr. Anderledy, General of the Society of Jesus, were celebrated in St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond, on Wednesday. Between thirty and forty priests took part in the service, including most of the Jesuit Fathers in Melbourne. The Very Rev. T. Cahill, S.J"., celebrated the Mass, the deacon and Bub-deacon being the Revs. J. Duffy, S.J., and the Rev. T. M'Enroe, S.J. The twenty-third General of the Order of Jesus, Fr. Anderledy, was born on 3rd June, 1819, at BeriBaLih the Canton of Valais, Switzerland. '|8e was the son of a poor peasant. Brimght up at the Jesuit Collego of Brigne, on the Simplon, he entered, there on his novitiate for the Order. In season he was appointed Professor of Literature at the great Jesuit institution of Friburg. The superior was not long in perceiving the talents of Anderledy, who was soon afterwards sent to Rome to study philosophy and theology. His health suffered, and he was obliged to return to Friburg. At that time the Sonderbund revolution had begun in Switzerland; tbe Jesuits were expelled, and their establishments closed. Fr. Anderledy was arrested at Avennes, in the Canton of Vaud, and, narrowly escaping from the fanatic populace, he was imprisoned. From here he made his escape to Chamb£rg, but the revolution of 1848 in France again drove him out, "and, with many of his brethren, he took refuge in the United States. For eighteen months he carried on mission work in Wisconsin, but his health again gave way, and he was recalled to Europe, settling at Tronchiennes, in Belgium. From that plaoe he conducted the work of establishing the Order in Germany. At Cologne, Munster, Aix-la-Chapelle, and other places he formed stations, from which a vigorous propaganda was carried on. In this task Fr. Anderledy was indefatigable, and his eloquence was heard, it is said, in almost every place of importance between the Rhine and the borders of Russia. Again one of his frequent collapses from ill-health befell him, and for a time he was bereft of speech. He now devoted himself to the administrative work of the society. He was lector of Cologne and Paderborn, and in 1863 he founded the College of Maria Laach, one of the most renowned establishments of the Order. When, in 1883, the advancing age of Fr. Beckx called for a coadjutor, Fr. Anderledy was at the first ballot almost unanimously selected to fill the office of assistant-general. On the death of the general, in 1887, Fr. Anderledy was elected general on 4th March. He was one of the cleverest and moBt adroit superiors the ^society ever had. He is described as having been a born diplomatist; a man of polished manners; a profound theologian; an incomparable administrator; and a wonderful linguist. Besides Greek, Latin, and Hebrew, he •poke and wrote perfectly English, German, French, Italian, and Spanish. 2LI.P. ST. TATELCK'S COLLEGE. Business was resumed at St. Patrick's College on Tuesday, 2nd February, when a full roll of students presented themselves. The college staff has been strengthened by the Addition of Fr. Power, 8 J., an accomplished musician from St. AJoysios' College, Sydney. HAID0N. 4\. Requiem Mass was offered in the Roman Catholic church, Maldon, on the 27th ult. for the repose of the soul of the late Miss Temby by the Rev. M, Murphy. During the service the choir, led by Miss . Gabbedy, who also officiated at the . organ, sang the De Profundi*, "Mother of Mercy," and Dies Irae. The Dead March in Saul was also played by the organist. After Mass the coffin, covered with a rich pall, and surrounded by lighted tapers, and bearing numerous wreaths of flowers, lay in the church until 3 o'clock, when the funeral took place. Fr. Murphy read the burial service at the grave. SOCIETIES. A concert in aid.'of St. Ignatius' Branch of the League of the Cross was held in St. Ignatius' girls' schoolroom, Richmond, on Friday, 29th ult. |Mr. Bate occupied the chair. A fair programme was presented, to which tbe following ladies and gentlemen contributed:—Misses Mahon, Collins, Pidgeon and Brandon, Messrs. Kelly, Fitzsimons, Hunter, Bourke, Norris, M'Corniskey, Einniff, and Green. The production of "The Colleen Bawn " is a rather big undertaking for an amateur company, nevertheless it did not prove beyond the capabilities of a number of ladies and gentlemen who produced it at Clifton Hill on Monday night, in aid of an altar for St. John the Baptist's Church, which, it may be mentioned in parenthesis, is now on the eve of completion. The play was unusually well mounted, and, with one or two exceptions, the cast could not easily be improved upon. Mr. Will Lyons essayed the character of Mylesna-Coppaleen, and with so much success that his appearance was always the signal for general merriment. Mr. John Hoey as Hardress Cregan, and Mr. J. A. Lyons as Danny Mann were no less successful. The character of Mr. Corrigan found an able exponent in Mr. J. Morgan, and the gentleman who played Bertie O'Moore also deserves a word of praise for his capable acting. As Anne Chute, the Colleen Ruadh, Miss M. Smith was a deoided success. Miss Sullivan played the Colleen Bawn with much feeling. The Albert Hall, in which the performance took plaoe, is capable of seating about 350, and as the passages as well as the seats were filled, the net proceeds of the entertainment should go far towards paying for the altar. . . ST. JOSEPH'S PEOVIDENCE. In their modest and none too commodious dwelling up in Latrobe-street, the Sisters of St. Joseph continue to do good work. Unfortunately, during the past few weeks they have had more than their usual share of troubles, for the rev. mother has just passed through a severe and dangerous illness, which for a long time it was feared would terminate fatally. Happily we are now able to state that the good lady, who during her brief residence in this city, has given evidence of such special qualification for the work she has entered upon ia. connection with St. Joseph's Providence, is on the fair road to recovery, and a few days, it iB hoped, will once more see her in her accustomed place amongst the poor and friendless servants for whose benefit the good nuns have founded the Providence. The evening classeBcairied on by. the sisters for the children of the neighbourhood, most of whom areobliged to work during the day, promise to be productive of much good. The children are attracted by the k^nd, sisterly treatment they receive .at the hands of the. nunB, and, as a consequence, those who are once induced to. attend the classes rarely absent themselves afterwards. It might just be mentioned that amongst the poor persons, both old and young, with whom the Sisters of St. Joseph become acquainted at St. Joseph's Providence* there are many who would be glad to aocept any assistance that the nuns could offer them in the shape of warm clothing, whether new or left off. Ladies who may have small parcels which they wish to distribute in this way will find the good nuns very willing to act as dispensers. THE SUNNY SOUTH BAZAAB._ As we predicted it would be in onr, last issue, the Sunny South Bazaar has been a brilliant success. From the opening on Saturday up to the present the attendance daily has surpassed even the expectations of its promoters, and, notwithstanding the alleged' scarcity of money, the stall-holders hare gathered in a very fair amount for the church and schools. The opening on Saturday was a success in e/ery'sense of the word. Mr. Duffy put everyone in good humour with his witty remarks, and when the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Hea followed with his pleasant speech everyone was quite willing to give liberally to every stall-holdlor in the hall. The opening ceremoitf took ptyce about A o'clockf When the Right Bey. Monsignor O'Hea, the Revs. W. Quilter and C. Van Der Hey den, and the Foit> master'General, Mr. Duffy, were escorted to the platform by the committee. Mr. Duffy was introduced to the gathering by Mr. Mornane. Mr. Duffy evidently was anxious to let the ladies connected with the stalls loose upon the visitors, for he was brief and to the point. To open a fair in aid of any work connected with BS. Peter and Paul's parish, he said, gave him much pleasure for the reason that it was in their parish church that he was married, and because he lived for many years in the neighbourhood. He was much surprised when he beheld the splendid hall and schools which the Catholics of the parish had erected. He had been informed that the debt on the property was £3000, and he hoped that when the bazaar he was now opening would be closed this amount would be entirely wiped out. It occurred to him that in opening a bazaar he was taking part in nothing less than a swindle. •There was a general suspicion that all bazaars were swindles, and when he beheld the faces of the ladies who were conducting the present one he felt that it would be as great a swindle as any of them. (Laughter.) The bazaar, too, reminded him of the recent tug-of- war. The tug-of-war, in the present instance, would be for the ladies to tug money out of pockcts, and he hoped that the ladies would come out as successful as the Irish team at the recent contest. The Right Rev. Mgr. O'Hea followed with a few felicitous remarks, after which a vote of thanks, proposed by the Rev. Dr. Graber, was passed to Mr. Duffy. The real business of the bazaar then commenced, and with such success that before evening many of the stall-holders had to unpack new goods to fill vacancies caused by the disposal of those which they had had on view. Stately old gentlemen were to be seen towards 1 o'clock wending theirway homewards with arms full of toys, etc., and their jnniors were even more in evidence with bundles of drapery, ornaments, and household requisites, which must have led many an enterprising tradesman to hope that tbe young men of South Melbourne had been suddenly seized with a mania for setting up housekeeping on an extensive scale. It must not by any means be supposed that the attractions at the bazaar simply consist .of those to be found on the shelves and behind the counters of the bazaar. Oh, dear, no! There are concerts, sleight-of-hand performances, tugs-of-war, and many other means of amusement "too numerous to mention." The following are the ladies in charge of the various stalls:—No. 1 stall—Mrs. Hendricon, Misses Higgins, O'Neil, Winter, and M'Namara. Ho. 2 stall—Mesdames O'Connell, Unger, J. O'Grady, P. O'Grady, O'Neill, and Minahan. No. 3 stall—Mesdames Nolan, Wright, Campbell, Black, and assistants. No. 4 stall—Mrs. Derran, Misses Looney, Mornane, and Harris. No. 5 stall— Mrs. Barry, Q'Bryan, and assistants. No. 6 stall—Mesdames Lube, Graham, and Misses Bacon and Dowling. Refreshment stall—Miss O'Brienis; and race table—Miss M'Hugh. An interesting gazette is published every evening in connection with the bazaar. WEST MELBOURNE. After the eleven o'clock Mass at St. Mary's, West Melbourne, on Sunday, a meeting of the congregation was held for the purpose of receiving Fr. Aylward's balance- sheet, as chairman of the committee of the church fund. The receipts towards the building fund were £4259 Us. 9d., and the expenditure about £3694, leaving a ciedit,balance of' £585. Fr, Ayljvard mentioned'that at the conclusion of the present contract)there would be due to the contractor about 331000. As the coknmittee wished to pay-off this amount, and proceed with ike superstructure at once, they requested the early payment of. the second -year's promised subscriptions. . . The architect, who was present, stated the probable cost of the superstructure 1 , not including the roof, and the meeting in''a" very enthusiastic manner requested tbe committee to goon with the work. ,FrAyiward said he felt < much gratified with ;their promise of support. As far as he him- : self was concerned,he would, not have the slightest hesitation in signing the contract for the completion of the wo A. He would place the matter before the Archbishop, and with *4as '<3-ractrV Approval tenders for the superstructure would be called for at the conclusion ;of the present .contract. Or. <T. Fogarty, of ;North Melbourne, assured. Fr,, Aylward of the continual support of the patholies of theparish. THE SCHOOLS OF THE SISTBBL OF CBXS.XTT Mr. T. Tubridv, late » protestor of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, has been appointed visiting master in oharce of the senior boys at the Convent School*, St. John's, East Melbourne, and 8t. Patrick's, Victoria.parade. Mr. Tubridy holds certificates of eompetenpy from the Education Office, Dublin, under which he went through a two yean' course of training, and wis afterwards for two years head teacher of a large school under that department. • He is also a holder of seven certificates. fro m the Science and Art Department, South Kensington, London. In this colony h e has. had experience as head teacher in a State school, which was examined 'seven months after his appointment, and owing to his energy and proficiency the school • showed an . increase of eighteen on the previous year's per. centage, the inspector reporting very favourably on the moral tone and general management of the school. During his residence in Ballarat, Mr. Tubridy was successful, through the earnestness and attention which he paid to his duty, in earning the valued esteem of the rev. fathers in charge. 