A ROMELES.S NATION. (I'KI.UC L. OaWAT.D.) It has been doubted it a .Shaughnt coolie can possibly got “ homesick.” Gipsies and Hobrews havo boon called nations without a country, and mauy nomad tribes remove their tent tabernacles every few weeks, but the only homeless race, in the literal sense, is fouud iu the coast forests of Eastern Ceylon. They are the \ eddibs, or 4‘ wood tramps,” supposed to be the original inhabitants of the island, and seem certainly more ditferent from the house* building uations than our Yuma Indians are from tho oitizens of a New England manu facturing town. Travellers who leave tho seaport of Colombo in a uorth-westerIy directiou have to cross a junglo forest dotted with numoroiis lagoons, whero they are apt to come upon a camp of tho strange creatures that prefer tho wilderness to tho cultivated uplands a few dozen miles further cast. Walking leisuroly along tho sandy roads, tho travollcr may get u chance to watch tho occupation of tho hulf*uaked savages bsforo they havo noticed his approach. At tho foot of a shade troo tho patriarch of the family may be seeu orouched in tho midst of tangled bundles of grape-vines —wild swamp grapes, that overhang tbo lagoons all around and break easy enough to bo gathered by armfuls without the help of a knife. MU wife is sortiog palm nuts. Four or five different species of nut bearing palms are found in the primeval forests of Ceylon, but, like our hiokory nuts, they are iufcAtod with worms and their wind falls need picking. Acouploof half-grown lads are soarohiug tho underbrush for borrius, and as they go along may oven now and then be seen making a grab at somo fluttering insect—a grussnoppor, perhaps, or a tree locust, both iududea amoug tho delieac.ios of tho Yoddah bill of fare. Two smaller children aro playing at bide-and seek behind a bu*h. They luvo just finished their play wim a mcnaiy scum*, when a warning cry from tho foot of tho shade tree makes thorn loosen thoir hold aud crouch dowu flat in tho rauk grass. Thoir mother has caught sight of tho stranger. Starting to her feet sho hurriedly pioks up a little bagful of cracked nuts, thou snatches up tho largost of tho two youuusters, one of her sous takes hold of tho other, and in tho noxt nioracut tho whole family has vanished in tne tauglo of tho swamp forest. As tho traveller inspects tho deserted oamp he may possibly reproach himself with the untitncliness of his visit, but tho Veddahs havo already got tho bettor of thoir fright. They are probably gathering palm nuts again, and care littlo if they are going to pass tho night under a wattle bridgo of tho waggon road or in a hollow troo in the heart of tho jungle. In dry woalhcr they I would just as soou sleep at tho edgo of a | lairoon whero they havopassod tho evening in hunting a mess of crayfish; but evon a thunder-storm will not interfere with tho soundness of thoir slumber if they can \ enjoy tho sholtor of a woll-tanglml liana thicket. Sir Emerson Tennent, who studied thoir habits during a teu years* residence iu Ccylou, nouviuced himself that, without compulsion, a family of Voddahs would not work half an hour a year to aholter them selves fromt he iuclemeucies of tho weather. If one of thoir kiusmen should meot with a desperate accident, his friouds may camp around his lair for a couple of week.-, to sivo him tho trouble of orawiing out iu quo«tof food; but tho moraeut they got him on his logs again, thoyroiuino their wunderdifn, and rarely bivouac nnro’thau two nights at tho same place. . In tho rainy season, when borides aro scarce, they often livo for weeks on roots and crayfish, or visit tho seashore iu search of crabs. A species of largo tree lizard, similar to the Mexican iguana, tboy prize as u titbit aud kill it by menus of stones or olubs. Bows, arrows, knives, and traps they con sider as superfluous as shoes aud hats, and generally manago to d'sponso evon with tho use of fire. Sun*drying lizards or iisti is their nearest approach to the art of cookery. “I do not bolievo they aro any moro particular about such thtugs than a wait doroo [a brush monkey] or a wild pig would bo,” said a Cingalese peasant when Touuont asked him how tho Vcddahs could ouduio tho insect plngues of tho jungle. “ They would not uso our kind o{ clothing if they could got it for nothing,” ho aided, “and tomo of them would die if you should try to make them stay in a house.” An English missionary found, iudecd, that even tho cripples of tho Veddah pre fer tho freedom of tho wilderuoss to tho comforts of civilisation. Having heard of an old woodman who had broken his right leg, just abovo the ankle, ho got his native servants to hunt him up aud bring him along by tho promise of a good dinner. By mouu.s of an interpreter ho then ottered him the uso of a vacant cottago and two froo moal.sa day if ho would ronounce his savago modo of lifo. As a sample of their hos pitality, tho missionary pcoplo fitted him up a comfortnhlo hod and induced him to par lake of a good suppor, but tho next morning they found that tho old follow haddecamped tender cover of darkness. A canvas tent which they sent him soon after was picked up iu a wayside ditch the next week. It had been punched full of tmall holes, and lmd probably been thrown away as too unwieldy for a fishing net. Inquirio* into tho religious status of tho Veddahs havo led to a rather unoxpeoted result, aud seem to prove that practical morality can long precede tho dawn of theo- i "logical speou/ntfont*.- • • •— .- — • / “Do you know whore you will go after you aro dead?11 tho traveller Seizor asked an old Veddah squaw who hod oncouragod dis cussion of that sort by certain curious in quiries of liar own. Her answer surprised hirn. “Some vonra ago,” said sh»3, “ wo buried n tnau whoso son had beou kidnapped by tho Nollorah hill folks, and who was almost crazy about having to dio before ho had a chance to help hU boy. For a week or so I almost thought! ho would como hick from the grave, hut ho nover camo. It must bo beoauso ho couldn't. No ono can. Tho logs aro too heavy,” referring to tho custom of burying their dead uuder the stump of a falling tree. “Do yon know who raado this world?” asked Professor Seizor, finding tho old lady’s vocabulary of Cingalese torraa rather com prehensive. “Do you?” was her innocent counter query. “Thcmonsoou rains nmko tho grans grow, but wo do not know who inado tho stones or tho mountains.” “Havo you never thought about such questionsP My aunt used to ask, ‘Who drives tho moou?* But what could ono answer? It's no use uskiag such ques Thoso nbeoluto agnostics can, howover, bo trusted to respect tho boundaries of1 cultivated fields with or without a thorn hedge, and are not apt to break a promise, even to a stranger. Commenting on tho civil marriage laws of tho Italian" Govern- j mont, the Otwvtttcre Jlnmano a month ago remarked that “such outrageous innovations would shock tho most uncultivated people on earth, since tho marringo form of tho veriest savagos is always accompanied with some degreo of religious ceremonial.” In the cose of tho Veddah, that rule would be confirmed by an exception. Llko the Mendocino Indians, they content them selves with removing the bride’s hammock from her fathers oamp to that of her success ful suitor, but a custom ohecrvcd all along the oast coast seem to discourage coneau guineouB murriagon. u Wliy do you not marry trirl* from your own oainpaV'’Professor Bolster asked a Ved dah youth who had imported hia inamorata lrom tho other sido of a brnml const river. *4 It is neverdonc,” was tho ovasivo roph'. ! “ Whv not V*' j Tho Voddah reflected. “Tt wouln’t do, nohow,” said ho at last. “ Young folka'of | tho same gang liavo boon kicked about ; together too much you know,” moaning ' that bctwcon near relatives familiarity breeds a sort of oontemot incompatible with the development of the tendor pas sion, The “dread ot a scold" can hardly provent tho nuntiais of neighbours, ns tho dictionary of tho bush Voddabs is said to contain less than lOi) word*. Thoir would bo eduentorn havo to bo<in their attempt at roform with linguistic instruction, since I conversations in tho vernacular are con stantly hampered by tho luck of toons for abstract conceptions. Thus tho VeddaliH havo ouo word for ripo grant) and another for sour, but no equivalent for tho adjectives sweet, ripe, bluo, or green. A ropeatod < extension of their uplifted arms i« thoir nearest approach to a synonym of groat, or grand. Auger they express by striking thrir knees, and shamo on tho Reuse of absurdity by hiding their eyes. The}* hardly over laugh. Tho idea of tho rornio, as apart from tho morally prepo-tcrous, is apparently be yond their mental horizon. After sumet they occasionally evince a vague unoasireas that has been supposed to indicate a trnco of “ aniin’sm," as modern philosophoia call tho primitive belief in ghosts, but that droad of darkness would hardly furnish a basis for Rpiritualiriio enter prise, and its germ may more likely be lotind in mi.imgkt panics impressed for j countless generations on tho t»oula of our Darwinian ancestors. Tho prowling giant natR of the tropics arc tho probable proto types of lemures, In mins, night-hugs, and ghouls, if not of “ Old Scratch " himself. In tho youngsters of tho Vcddahs a pcnchuut. for vagrancy would seem to got developed as oarlras tho instinct of pro- ! varioution in a Dupont streot Mongolian. : Tho wife of tho sumo missionary who failed to reclaim tho crippled fisherman once tried her luck with a gang of Yedduh ohildron, who passed her bungalow on thoir way to a grnpe-jonglo once or twice a wrok. By dint of littlo pro«onts sbo induced them to iingor on her porch now and then, and thought she had enirnped thoir interest in a description of the Now Jerusalem and its inducements to permanent settlers, enumerated with tho eloquence of a Korn valloy land agent—but all her attempts to organise a regular Biblo class wore defeated by tho truancy of her youuir frionds. “Where havo you boon thoso last two weoks?” aho once eked tho biggest boy of tho gang. “ Don’t you remember what I told you ubout tho (3oldon City and tho Castlo of Zion ?" “Why. yes," stammered tho youngster; “ it was heap pretty," raising b>tb hand-* at arms’ length, “but wo thought we—liked outdoor play better.” Iter littlo visitors, in fact, had renouncol tho very hope of a permanent homo too com pletely for missionary purposes. 