THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION*, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGQ, MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1S92. Gold, Calls and Dividends.—The gold yields on Saturday were good for the "off week," the total being 1,950 ozs. The principal yields were—New Red, White and Blue, 496 ozs.; Golden Age,290 ozs.; Confidence, 21,9ozs.; New Hopeful, 139 ozs.; Great Southern, 119 ozs. Five dividends were declared—Great Extended Hustler's, Is; New Argus and New Chum Rail way, 9d each; and Princess Dagmar and New Red, White and Blue, 6d each; the total being £6,119 16s 6d. A Violent Prisoner. —On Saturday Plain clothes-constable Davidson arrested an old man named John Dunn for soliciting alms. The prisoner, with another man named Daniel O'Cal laghan, were going from place to place in the Mall soliciting alms. Davidson took Dunn into custody and Constable Cuffe seized O'Callaghan. Dunn resisted violently on the way to the lockup and gave the constable considerable trouble. Both fell, and during the struggle Dunn kicked the constable behind the ear. Cuffe let O'Callaghan go and ran to Davidson's assistance. They then took the prisoner to the lockup, where a second charge of assaulting Constable Davidson was preferred against him. Later on Constable Garland arrested O'ballaghan in Bridge-street on a charge of drunkenness and also for solicting alms. Acting on the advice of his medical advisers, Mr. George Lansell, who lias been in indifferent health for some weeks past, has gone away to the seaside for a month or so. His numerous friends hope that he will soon return greatly benefited by the change. The Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh, who has been on a visit to Europe is a passenger by the R.M.S. Orient which is expected to arrive in the course of the ensuing week. The ladies of St. Paul's congregation have arranged a social of welcome to the beloved prelate, but the date has not yet been definitely fixed in consequence of the exact time of the steamer's arrival in Hobson's Bay not being known \t- present. A Domestic Affair.—The other evening a well-known miner living on the outskirts of Eaglehawk, it is stated, returned home rather unexpectedly, and found another gentleman (also residing- in Eaglehawkj and even better known than the miner) in occupation of his house with his wife. Something of a scene en sued, in which it is stated an axe was bran dished by the husband which he had to use to gain entrance. Accident in the Cricket Field.—On Satur day Constable J. Riley was engaged wicket keeping in a cricket match when the ball glanced off the bat and struck him on the left eyebrow, inflicting an uglv wound, which required stitching by Dr. J. Eadie, junr. A Mischievous Act. — About nine o'clock "yesterday morning as two men named Andrew Trail bin gee and Thomas Cailey were walking along Hargreaves-street they noticed that a large canvas blind, that had been hung in front of Mr. Allen's shop so as to protoct the fruit from tho lieat of tho sun, was on firo, They im mediately tore down the remainder of the blind and extinguished the flames. It is a fortunate circumstance that the fire was discovered so early, as the front of the shop below the window was considerably scorched, in fact a portion of it was actually burning. Constable Rosenbrook 'who was on duty in the locality was promptly on the spot.. It is pretty evident that the fire was wilfully caused, as even if a'passer-by threw a lighted match down it would not ignite the blind. No one, however, was seen about the premises at the time of the fire. Bendigo Aitlhs on the London Market. —The Bendigo Fruitgrowers' Co-operative Com pany have already despatched two shipments of Bendigq apples for sale in London. The first lot comprised 230 cases, the second, which was sent on Friday last, included about 2S0 cases, and a third lot, comprising between 350 and 400 cases, will be sent at the end of the present week, Last week Mr. Allen, fruiterer, shipped 200 cases for the samo 'market. In connection with this matter, a mysterious disappearance is noted by a correspondent of the Gardener's Chronicle, England. It is that of our abundant "apple crop of last autumn. Where is it now? Certainly not in our fruiterers' shop windows, where as a rule the only apples to be seen are the well-known American and Australian varieties. Can it be, it is asked, that our im mense drop is all sold and oaten ? or is it tho case that there are plenty of English apples yet at home which cannot find a purchaser while tho foreign apples are in the market ? Unhappily the latter suggestion seems only too likely to be'the true solution. We are glad to say, how ever, that this correspondent does not raise the cry for protection, which would probably only foster unskilful fruitgrowing and, compel English housewives to make puddings with apples both inferior and dear. • " Serious Accident to Bendigonians Away from Home. —An accident of- a rather serious nature befel two residents of this city at Sor rento a few days ago, the victims being Mrs. Barlow, wife of Air. Barlow, the well-known insurance agent, and their daughter ^liss Fanny Barlow. Mrs. and Miss Barlow had been stay ing at this favorite seaside resort for the last two or three weeks, aud on Monday morning last they intended catching the early boat for the purpose of going to Melbourne. They were seated in a cab in front of their hotel, when the horse which was not under the proper control of the driver, suddenly plunged forward. Both ladies were thrown violently to the ground, and had to be assisted into the hotel. Subsequently they were brought on to the metropolis where a medical gentleman found tlmt in addition to a severe shock to the nervous system they had sustained serious injuries. Mrs. Barlow had a bad compound fracture of the right arm, and Miss Barlow had her right fore arm broken. After their injuries had been temporarily attended to the patients came on to Bendigo. Mr. Barlow had in the meantime been advised by telegram that Mrs. Barlow was rather poorly, and ho was at the station to meet them on their return home. His surprise at seeing his wife and daughter alight from the train with their arms in slings may well be imagined. They were at once conveyed homo, and Dr.- O. Peiifold was immediately sum moned. That gentleman set the fractures, and the patients are now progressing favorably. The Oddfellows' Conference.—The Grand Annual Moveable Committee, M.U., I.O.O.F., will open in Ballarat to-morrow, and probably last throughout the week. The G.M. of the Order in the colony, Mr. Geo. H. Hobson, and Mr. S. H. M'fiowan, the D.C.G., left for Bal larat on Saturday, and the other delegates from tills district will leave to-day. Amongst the itams on the business sheet is one " to consider and order on the opinion of counssel submitted by the Bendigo District on a question relating to the payment of sick pay under the restricted conditions contemplated under the 100th general law, and sec. 25 of tho Friendly Societies Act, 1890." The question, which is attracting a deal of attention not only in this district but in other placeB, arose out of the case of a man named Beattie, a member of the Oddfellows Lodge, the Rechabitcs Lodge, and the Bendigo branch of the Miners' Association. In conse quence of an accident while working as a miner, he became unable to follow his occupation, and claimed sick pay from tho three institutions. The Act precludes a man from belonging to more than two societies and receiving more than 40s per week in sick pay. Accident.—On Saturday a man named Wilkins, who resides at the corner of Arnold and M'Crae streets, was working with an adze, which rebounded and struck him on tho fore head, causing a lacerated wound from one to one and a half inches long. Dr. J. Eadie, jun., attended to the sufferer. County Court. — A sitting of the County Court will take place at Bendigo on Tuesday, the 13th December. The Sanitary Depot.—A notification ap pears in Friday's issue of the Government Gazette reserving 127 acres of land in the neigh borhood of White Hills as a site for a sewage farm and manure depot, and 92 acres in the Wellsford Forest has also been reserved for a similar purpose'. , Public Holiday.—Thursday, the 17th inst., has been proclaimed a puIfHc'hqliday at Eorong, Wedderburn, Bqrougk of Inglewood, and Shires of Morong and M'lvor, av)4 (v bank fyoliday at Poort nwl Jngleiyop<}( Electoral Registrar.—Mr. John Gray, of Swan Hill, has lieen appointed electoral regis trar for the Swan Hill division of the North western Province, and for the Swan Hill, Towaninny and . Wirumbirchip Divisions of the electoral district of Donald and Swan Hill, vice Mr. Charles Permati, resigned. Licensing Courts will be held as follows :— Kerang, Saturday, 19th March; Swan Hill, 21st March. City Police Court.—The mayor (the lion. J. H. Abbott) and Messrs. M. Rundell and J. Illingworth, Js.P., presided on Saturday. A youth, named James Murphy, charged with being drunk while in charge of a horse and cart, was cautioned, and let off with a fine of 5s or 24 hours' imprisonment. J. Gleeson and Andrew Fraud, who had been under remand for lunacy,' were, on the certificates of Drs. Kadis and Peebles, discharged as cured. Several small debt cases were disposed of, and the court then adjourned. The Wi.neo rowers' Association.—The sub committee appointed to carry out the arrange ments in connection with the Wine and Fruit growers' Association's annual banquet, have hxed the date for Wednesday week at the Bee hive Exchange. The celebration promises to be a big success, and the hon. Mr. Graham, Minister of Agriculture, has been invited to be present. Vacancies for head teachers and assistants are announcod by the Education department as follows :—Mount Macedon, Anderson's Creek, Spring Vale, Longerenong West, Lillimur South, Capel's Crossing, head teachers; Caul field, Ballarat, Brunswick West, Clifton Hill, female junior assistants. Resigning.—At a meeting of the Bendigo Fruitgrowers' Co-operative Company on Satur day, the manager, Mr. G. A. Knight, tendered his resignation, his intention being to commence business on his own account. The acceptance of the resignation was deferred until the next meeting of the directors. Probate Court. — On Thursday, on the motion of Mr. J. S. Meagher, instructed by Mr. J. W. Rymer, probate of the will of Edward Casey, late of M'Crae- street, Bendigo, contrac tor, deceased, was granted to William Casey, of Melbourne, relieving teacher, and Mary Casey, of Mansfield, school teacher. Deceased left real estate £50, and personal £935 4s lOd. Total, £985 4s 10d.- On the motion of Mr. J. B. Roberts, instructed by Mr. J. W. Rymer, probate of the will of Henry Jones, late of. Bendigo, produce dealer, deceased, was granted to William Robert J ones, of Bendigo, produce dealer, and Moses Combs, of Brook Crescent, Hawthorn, plasterer, the executors named in the will. The deceased left real estate £500, and personal estate £1,284 6s 4d. Total, £1,784 63 4d Lunacv.—On Saturday Mr. Hoskins, J.P., attended the lockup and remanded a man named William Walters to the hospital lunacy wards for a week. Insulting Behavior.—William Porter was arrested on Saturday night by Constable Little for the above offence. Bendigo Agricultural Society.—The com mittee of the Agricultural Society met at the Town Hall 011 Saturday afternoon. The vice president, Mr. T. Craike, occupied the chair, and there were about 15 members present. The following appointments were made in connection with the forthcoming horticultural show:— Grapes—Messrs. J. Clarkson, Lockwood; A. Brulm and W. Grieffenhagen: stewards, Messrs. Brennan and Fox. Fruit—Judges, Messrs. J. Maher, C. Draper, Hazel Glen; H. Neilson, Melbourne; stewards, Messrs. J. Patterson, J. H. Abbott and S. Lazarus. Vegetables—Judges Messrs. T. Craike and J. Cohn; stewards, Aiessrs. auucn aim jjetniean. i'lowers—judges, Messrs. J. Melrose, J. Redpath and S. G. Gadd; stewards, "Messrs. T, Jensen and J. Marsh. Messrs. E. W. Kirbv, H. Grattan and Dr. M'Kec wore appointed judges for the spoKs; and Messrs. D. Lazarus, J. Steele and J. Stern berg stewards for the sports. The secretary drew attention to the great loss of time ex perienced under the present rule iu electing the members of committee by ballot, and sug gested that the rule should be altered to allow of nominations being received seven days bofore the date of the annual meeting, so that the names might be placed before the members without delay at the meeting, and the ballot proceed without the present inconvenience. It was also suggested that the rule might be altered so that a vacancy on the committee might be filled temporarily. It was decided to hold a special general meeting of members 011 Satur day, 2nd April, to effect an alteration 011 the lines indicated. The meeting then adjourned. Visitors to the Museum.—The number of persons who visited the museum since the 1st March, as reported by the ourator (Mr. J. B. Lillie Maokay) was in the aggregate 470, or an average of about 95 persons per day. The museum opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 9 p.m.; Saturdays at fl p.m. Bendigo Enctxkdrivers. — The ordinary meeting of the Bendigo branch of the A. E. D. A. was held 011 Saturday evening. The vice-presi dent, Mr. D. Patterson, presided. One clear ance was accepted, and a quantity of routine business was transacted. The Vintaoe.—The long continued dry weather is having a marked effect on the viii tago this season, and excepting in places where very great attention has been paid to cultiva tion there will be a decided reduction in the quantity of wine produced. Electorate of South Sandhurst. — In another column, Mr. It. H. S. Abbott, president of the Shire of Strathfieldsaye, announces his intention of offering himself iis a candidate at the ensuing general elootlon, and publishes his views 011 some of the questions at present agitating the political mind. Bendigo Art Gallery.—1The number of visitors to the Art Gallery during the past week, as computed by the curator, Mr. J. B. Harris, wasns follows :—Monday, 127; Tuesday, 152; Wednesday, 84; Thursday, 110; Friday, G2; Saturday, 203; Sunday, 150; total, SS8. Dr. Quick was in attendance as honorary curator yesterday afternoon. There were 3,78S visitors during the past month. Trustee,—Mr. J. B. Smith has been elected a trustee of the land reserved as a site for a Mechanics' Institute and Free Library at Bridgewater, vice Mr. James Smith. State School Appointments.—The under mentioned teachers have been appointed to tlie following vacancies advertised on the 12th February, 1892 Carlton, 1st female assistant, Sarah E. Cole ; Ashby, 1st female assistant, Aphra M. Fawcett; Chiltern, 1st female assistant, Mary Brainston ; Hamilton, 1st male assistant, John C. Lowry;-Mount Eliza, head teacher, Henry M'Meikan; Bungaree, head teacher, Louisa Sandars ; Woorak West, head teacher, John M'lntyre; Cororooke, head teacher, William H. Kintr; Prahran, female junior assistant, Violet L. Wrigley ; Hawthorn, female junior assistant, Emily S. Connor. St. Stephen's CnuRCH. — The ladies con nected with St. Stephen's Church at Emu Creek, are busily engaged collecting and mak ing articles for a bazaar, which they intend holding shortly, the proceeds of which are to,lie devoted towards liquidating the debt on the church. Bendigo Liedehtafel.—The special enter tainment which this popular society are arrang ing for the 15th inst. promises to lie largely patronised by the public, as an extensive sale of tickets has already taken place. The first appearance of that talented young vocalist, Miss Kathleen Meudell, is looked forward to with considerable interest not only by her large circle of friends here, but also by the music loving portion of the community generally, and as she is numbered amongst Madam Boema's most promising pupils, a treat may be antici pated. A special feature in the evening's en tertainment will be the performance of that charming comedy "Jealousy," and in the hands of our established favorites—Miss Kate Heine, Mr. Harry Marks, Mr. Frank Macoboy and Mr. Horace Bradley, this piece should prove a very acceptable conclusion to the programme, as it contains a sparkling dialogue interspersed with very amusing situations. Mr. Marks is: giving particular attention to the staging, and special arrangements have boen made to im prove the acoustic properties of the hall. Sub scribers to the Liedertafel are reminded that their tickets for the ordinary series of con certs do not admit to this special entertain ment. - : Sale of Booths.—Messrs. J. J. Hayes and. Co. 011 Saturday sold by auction the publican's booth for the Mitiamo races on 23rd March to Mr. S. Freeman, of tha Harp and Shamrock , Hotel, for £20. A ruBLic meetino of ratepayers and others is convened by the mayor of Baglel|fiv,'k, to be held in the Town Hall, Eagleliawk, on Thurs day, the 10th inst., at 8 p.m., to consider the 1 best means of procuring a supply of small timber for the mines, and " to protest against the gross indifference exhibited towards the mining in terest by the neglect of the Department of Mines to issue thinning-out licenses. Farewell Services.—The Rev. W. Han cock, B.A., preached his farewell services at St. Paul's Church yesterday. Mr. Hancock who leaves during the week to take charge of the church at Euroa, has been supplying the place of the Ven. Archdcacon MacCullagh who has been on a visit to Europe during the last- twelve months, and the rev. gentleman has endeared himself not only to tho congregation but to all with whom he has come in contact in Bendigo. He leaves with the sincerest wishes of a very large circle of friends for his future success. Wesleyan Churches.—The ministers of tho various Wesleyan Churches in this district are at present absent in Melbourne attending the annual conference of their denomination, and their pulpits were occupied yesterday by visiting clergymen. At the Forest-street church the Rev." R, Fitcher occupied tho pulpit in the morning, and based his remarks upon "Revela tions, 21st chapter, 4- ;"> and 0 verses. In the evening the Rev. \V. R. Cunningham preached an excellent sermon to a large congregation. At Long Gully Mr. Clay preaphed in the iporning, and the Rev. S. Harris in the evening. ' The Rev. S. Harris and Mr. Clay conducted service California Hp, Boards or Advice.—Air. S. Deeble lias been gazetted n member of the Inglewood Board of Advice, and Mr. Jas. Davidson has been appointed a member of the Board of Advice for the North and South Ridings of the Shire of East Loddon. . - . Golden-square VTesleyax Church.—Har vest thanksgiving services were conducted yes terday in the Golden-square Wesleyan Church, the interior 'of which had been profusely and tastefully, decorated for the occasion with fruit, grain and flowers. In the morning the Rev. W. R. Cunningham, of Ballarat, officiated, and preached an excellent sermon on the words con tained in Zechariah, 4th chapter, 6th verse— "Not by might, nor by power, but by ihy Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." The preacher pointed out that the text contained a lesson equally applicable to the Christian Church of the present day as it was to the Jews of old. Right through the Old Testament and through tlie New there was the same theme. The dis ciples were told to go into an upper room in Jerusalem there to wait in supplication and prayer for the Day of Pentecost. It was only to teach them their dependence on the Holy Ghost that Jesus Christ so directed His disciples. He contrasted the methods adopted now-a-davs with the old apostolic methods of deciding how to extend Christianity. His opinion was strongly in favor of the old way. The idea of Jesus Christ was that the. Christian Church should gradually develop,from the time it receives its first forward movement on the Day of Pentecost, until it. would cover the whole world. As the seasons came round, and the process of ripening the grain developed, so should the church go on. But how slowly. were they moving! Although..over eighteen centuries had elapsed, there were still 800 mil lions heathens who had never yet heard the gospel news. The preacher gave several reasons for the small progress, comparatively speaking, that had been made by the church. One reason was the lack of faith that exists amongst profes sing Christians; they had more faith in money than in God's promises. The apostles walked by faith and not by sight; but now the positions .were reversed; men walked by sight and not by faith. Another reason was that the church dill not take sufficient care in the selection of her office-bearers, and had allowed herself to be flooded with worldliness. He warmly exhorted his hearers, if they wished their church to pro perly fulfil her mission here, to constantly bear in mind the words of the text. In the evening the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. J. A. Tay lor, of Brunswick. There were large congrega tions at each service. Congregational Church.—The anniversary celebrations of the new Congregational Church took place yesterday, the Rev. E. Steggall, of Melbourne, officiating morning and evening. At the evening service the rev. gentleman selected as his text Exodus 33rd chapter, ISth verse—"And he said I beseech thee show me thy glory." The' preacher, in opening, ex plained that the words of the text were a portion of a prayer to God by Hoses. Never before Moses, he said, had there been a man who had so thoroughly confounded the wisdom of the wise or who had led such a multitude of people, and carried out such a-grand work as Moses had done without striking a blow. Moses had led the Israelites out of an abject slavery, and had been the means of bestowing upon thein their liberty. He had been so successful because of his trust in the Almighty, and had received the blessing of God. The Lord had heard the prayer of Moses, and had answered it. Ho impressed upon his hearers the need for im mediate strivings after the promises of God so that tliev. too. in duo time mirrht also witness hia glory. In the afternoon a children's service was held, at which the children sang selected hymns very sweetly. A combined clioir of about forty voices and an orchestra of about twenty under the leadership of Mr. Edward Allen, efficiently rendered the musical portion of the service. The congregations at all services were large. On Wednesday next the annual picnic of the Sabbath school scholars will take place, trains leaving the Bendigo and Eaglehawk stations for Marong as advertised. United Methodist Chdrch.—The anniver sary services of the United Methodist School, Ironbark, were celebrated yesterday, the build ing on each occasion being literally thronged, many having to remain outside for want of accommodation. The arrangements for the seating of the juveniles was very complete. At the north end of the building a" large platform was erected,tastefully embellished with drapery of the most attractive hue. The morning service was conducted by Mrs. H. Bride Barber, who gave an address of more than usnal in terest upon the incident where Jesus received llttlo children in His arms and blessed them. It was earnestly impressed upon parents to emulate .their ancestors by individually bring ing their offspring to the Saviour, to be blessed at His bauds, thereby fortifying them against the evils which beset the rising generation in their path through life. The *Rev. H. Barber officiated at the afternoon service, and made the subject matter of his ' address—the gambl ing tendency of the age," tho preference given to the ordinary theatre and various other corruptions of modern times. Many sevevo strictures were passed upon these avenues for enjoyment and their debasing influence itpon humanity. The : rev, gentleman ' urged his hearers to walk in that atmosphere where the highest ir\oral purity was predominant, and the resijlt would he a permanont development in goodness until the divine ideal of character was: reached, The Rev. Henry Wallace conducted the ovonlng service, and gave an interesting ad dress, which was intently listened to, and° evi dently received with marked appreciation. At each service recitations of a very interest-in" character were rendered, reflecting credit upon the juveniles and their tutor. The singing was in the able hands of Mr. Thomas Eddyf who manifested a marked aptitude for the position. Miss Jose, the school organist, manipulated with her usual dexterity. The tea will be held onTWednesday, ; Germax Church.—Yesterday at the German Church Pastor Leypoldt preached an eloquent and impressive sermon, taking his text from the Acts of the Apostles, chapter 8, verses 26 10. " And He arose and went, and behold a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace, Queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem to worship, was returning, and sitting in his chariot, read Esaias the prophet." The preacher, describing in a lively manner the meeting of Philip and the Ethiopian, which led ; to great results, referred to . the services. ren dered by the early deacons, and wished that the present officers and members of Christian churches would imitate the good example by performing deeds of benevolence. Prayers were offered up for the Queen of Great Britain, tha German Emperor, and the Lutheran Synod now . sitting in Melbourne. : Arrival "of "JubdE"CASEy."'— Judge Casov, who was a passenger by thq M.M.S, Armaud Bchic, arri\ ed at Adelaide, on Friday mo ruin" (wires the correspondent of the Arqus). He stated to a press representative:-'"! have been away 12 months, and enjoyed myself verv much. I have done Europe most completely. I spoilt some weeks meandering along the Nile. Ono little drawback to my' pleasure' wa3 an attack of influenza, which 1 had in England " Accompanied by Sir Graham Berry, °Jud.«e Casey went to Vienna as representative of Victoria at the Postal Conference, and lie sub sequently paid a.visit to Hungary, to see how. the zone tariff railways tiro worked and study the system. Bohemia and Saxony were then visited, and a return was made to Scotland, where the judge remained until, as he say's he was just hunted out by the weather. Cross ing to France, lie worked his way slowly to Italy and on t<> Egypt up the Nile. He oon sulci's the Nile- a, trip that nobQcU* who goes" that way for a holiday should miss. He Con siders that the English are managing , Egypt with marvellous wisdom. Although, he says, England is in military .occupation of .the country, you rarely see an English officer or soldier about. It is the iron hand covered with the silken glove. Under the British Govern ment the country is making great progress. The unobstrusive way iu which England is mana« ing Egypt;does. not excite the jealously of other countries, and had' it not been for Mr. Glad stone's recent speech there would have been no word of evacuating Egypt. Judge Casey con tmuesJiis voyage to Melbourne in the steamer, ' . ^ meeting of the Rev. Father Lawler's tes timonial committee was held. at St. Kilian's Hall last evening. Tho following gentlemen were present :-^Mi'. P. Hayes (in the chair), Messrs. . U Keefe, Mundclein, Macoboy, and the secretary. II \v;Ls d(>CHit.'d to prt'sunt tho testimonial on. tho 10th or March. The chairman informed the meeting that he would be absent from Bemliro on that date. On the motion of Mr. O'Keefe Dr. B. Gaifney was appointed to present the - testimonial. All persons who have promised donations are re quested to pay them in to the treasurer, Mr. Mundelein, Colonial Bank, before the Oth day of March, as tho committee wish to advertise all sub scribers names during the week. An important meeting of the Butohora/ Union takes place to-night at tho Si\nd^uyHt Coffee i Palace, Mitchell-street. Messrs. James Andrew and Co. will hold a larpo sale of pianos, suites of furniture, etc.. at their rooms to-day, at 11 o'clock. Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will hold their usual weekly sale of household furniture and etrects, etc., at their rooms this day, at 11 o'clock, when a large quantity of useful goods will be ottered. Messrs. John Watson and Co. an imi>ortant sale of Rochester townsUiu property in our advertising columns. IhiM particulars, are given m the advertisement. 