Fernbroofe's Double. rcorntioiiT.] A Romance of Maoriland. 5 By Atha Westbury, ? » — CHAPTER IV.— (Coktinokii). While tlio fiddles are being tuned, nnd tho players aro preparing for honost Philip jVIassinger'a maatorpieee, let me take up , ' tho wand o£ Ilcrmes and put back old Father Timo by aix years. The world was younger and brighter for Viotorine Hargrave, thon only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birth day, a birthday at which thore had boon an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave's cottage, on tho cliff overlook ing the Waitaraata. Major Hargrave is a widowor,and as poor us Job. tie is a man who has seen much life. He has fought for Don Carlos, and derivos his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London liavo in turn been hiB homo. He has spoilt some portion of his days in South America, and is not unrememborod in Moxioo. But at sixty-seven ho has had onough of a nomad existence. It is ploasant to roinomber his wander ngs and relate his adventures while he reposes at easo by his hearth ; pleasanter still to liavo his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants,, and who makes a sovereign go as far ns two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage, at Parnell, is the pink of neatness ; very small, but seeming no much the snugger for its sinallness, daintily furnished with tho relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occasion served. Victorino is one of those active spirits who riao early. She gives her mornings to household duties, and flits about light of foot, with gloved hands, and broad linen apron. Tho major, although a soldier of for tune, has ever been an honest man. It ib his boast that ho has lived aniongat spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet D'tid his way ; that no tailor remom bors him with a pang ; that no timeyol J . lowed pngo in a fashionablo bootmaker's lodger records liia dishonor. I'1 his retirement ho amuses himself -. r with literature, and though this pastime , *;idens . hw narrow income, ho has more '^'lis' achievements than in tho ro is 1 '?- ' satisfied with her surroundings. She has \- lived in this seaboard of Auckland for nioro than ten years, but she has dim ? recollections of London and Paris, which ? ? - . ' ; oomc nnd go in her memory like a dream in the .' Arabian Nights.' To be rich and ? powerful, that is tho nemo of her ambition.. She- aska her fatlior wonderingly, '* 'How he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brightor worlds.' The girl knows that with ovon less op portunities, she is more nccomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings better, plays moro brilliantly, hna a moro general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and moro skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly : indulgent, praisos Yictorine's pretty looks, her sweet voico, graceful. winning ways, her cleverness, and general good ... management. She lives in an atmosphere of praise ; rises every morning to be ad mired; lies down at night ploased with .l-S^™ix-beftuty ahd awectnoss. ^ ~ ?* ^-'ho LyiidhurstB are the major's nearest , v '* and dearest friends. .Mother and son aro ?' * as fond of Victorine as if she wore their own flosh and blood. Ofton in tho Biim mer gloaming girl and boy havo climbed tho clifl, abovo the noble bay, and hero have watchod the ships glido to and fro, like grim ghosts in tho fading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his be3t aa a dramatio critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so ombued his daughter with a love of tho groat drama tist, that the girl has a voritablo pasBion for tho art. Sho knows every word of ?fuliot, Queen Kathorino, Rosaline, Lady Macbeth, Oordolia and Beatrice. Under . tlio major's tuition Victorine has grown into a superb elocutionist. I5y tho wintoi'a fire, wliilo lior father smokod his pipe, alio has spouted tho wholo Shake sporian round. He teaches her how tho \- moat famous actress of his day used to v. pause horo, or linger fondly on a word there, or riBe at such a point to indignant ' pasaion. He repaembers tho great SiddonB, » how her awful whisper went through- the gloom of the theatre, a9 if mocking the evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on his words with delight, nnd aska him again »nd again to describe the wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic \- torino's senior, and is fighting an uphill . ? fight for a placo in the world of letters. ? What little time ho can spare from his work is devotod to Major Hargrave's daughter, for tho poor penniless scribe ' '??? ulmoat worships her. It is the one gleam of sunshine on his drudging life to read Shakespeare with lior, or to play Romeo to hor Juliet. There is just enough in hor uulikeness to all othor women to \- catch tho fancy of tho dreaming on , thusiast, who is ns deeply smitten witlf ~r*~ - , ' tho only truo, absorbing, unohanging, eternal passion aa a young man of twenty , two can be. So on that high cliff, perched oh the tea wall, Alton tells Major liargravo's , . 'daughter hia lovo. Alas' for tho unfortunate afiribe. ;? With Bhapely hands resting on his shoulder, oyos looking into his, words Homing swiftly, and with sobs borne ' ? along the eloquent voice, sho tells him,' ? r . that if she could lovo anyono it would be Alton. If aho could forget her terrible struggles with grim want, and rbsigu her ? 7 . . hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would bo for Alton. But it had boon the droam of her life to bocomo rich and powerful ; to omerge out of. tho slough of despond, poverty, into tho dearer light that is born of ntHuenoe. til Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himsolf up with his books, and strives only as earnest men strivo when love dies and ambition is born. Beforo tho year is out Victorino Har grave is married, Amid tho fovor of Parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begun to agitato oven thoao remoto colonists, Alton Lynd hurst found vent for hia sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity nnd goodness of woman had boon overthrown like some rickety tomplo of frailest masonry, he had omerged again from his wandorings to tho light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him ; hard, Btorn, unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption, had brought forth a latent power, till then slumboring, and the result was famo. Victorino Hnrgravo had tho gratifica tion of hor darling wish satisfied, inas much as she wodded ono of tho largest land owners in tho colony. In tho ab sence of good looks, youth, nnd that neccssary culture which lendidoal charms to lovo, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that we poor dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. Tho fetish whom wo all adore, rail as wo may. Ah, me. If Mrs. Victorino Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married lifo, it was, perchance, because sho was a woman, and not tho fault of hor lord and inastor, who gratified every whim, cvory dosiro of her heart, so far aB ready cash could accomplish it, Mrs. Victorino Gayland wont to Eng land, and was absent but two years, when sho returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, boautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorino Gayland became tho fashion and tho rago amongst tho upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of tho squatters and bankers who had hithorto shrugged thoir fair shoulders at Major Hargrave's ponniless daughter, woro delighted with tho brilliant, cap tivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed lior coldly by horo'.oforo were glad at a nod of recognition from tho queen, whoso word was final. Sho has thought of Alton Lyndhurst bo times in those two years of hor married life. Comparisons havo jarred upon tho sensitive cords of hor nature when sho haB pitted him in imagination against this money-getter who calls her wife. Sho lias thought of him very ofton in her solitary widowhood, wondo.-ing why ho does not come; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding bis notice and his praise, now that all tho world notices aiid praises her. Sho is amongst tho first to read that book which lifts his name at ono bound into notorioty. Oh, how every pago preaches to her of tho days that aro gone, of tlioso uuforgotton days, when ho was hern, lying at hor ioetin tho late autumn twilights, with the broad full moon Blurring upon tho sea. Ho has laid his own heart upon tho dissecting table, anatomised its evory pulse. Sho knows now how utterly that heart waB liors ; how torn nnd wounded by her desertion. Sho comes face to face with him oneo moro in those vivid pages, and tho very breath of that lovo day comes back to her. Sho roads, and the smouldering lovo flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and sho knows that Bho lovo3 Alton Lyndhurst better, purer, than of old, and must so lovo him to tho end of lifo. One day at a garden party, given by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorino meet again. Tho belle of fashion and tho rising author avo both changed ; both aro accomplished in tho polito art of self-repression. She greets him with gracoful tranquility, ho with gracious candour. Tlioy talk of tho old cottago by the sea walls of the doar doad fatlior. From that timo tho idol of fashion and the popular author aro friends, but thoro is no word of lovo be tween them. Temjms omnia rcvelat. Cast thy magic wand aside, O, Hermes. Lift the curtain ajjain on tho group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. Tho tliemo is still mou and books. Colonel do Roal is ono of tho latter party. Watch him as ho sits with quiet mion listening to the talkor. Thoro is ono huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but, it is so subtle and refined that it appears liko a benign smilo upon lib face. ' ' _' ' ' 1 often, «on^rl''V.,'reraarka''..Fentoh Grey, a noted musician, who has come down to spend tho winter at. tho Rock, ' I often, wonder that among so many books written for this age, there are so fowthataeom calculated to ihoke people bolter.' ' .. , - ''My dear air, goodndsB, from ' an tmlhctic point of view, is the reverse of intore'stiug,' rejoins tho colonol, blandly. 'Yet, Goldsmith lias ventured to depict charact'ors that are lilmoBt faultless,'' an swers Lyndhurst. The colonol shrugs his shoulders. 'True,' lie siiys; 'hut Goldsmith was ii humorist, and eould afford lo. paint virtuo. Humor roiiiovcs the insipidity of benevolunco with his herots. Faust is not good, and Ingo is simply oxocrablo ; but whore can you. match these for in terest.' ? ? ? Alton Lyndhurst looks with. more at tention at tho speaker than ho has dono hitherto -? ' Then vou-deiiy-that there can beany TiTteresffiT the kind of roading which may tend to raiao tlio whole , tone of one's being 1 ' he asks.. ? For : my part I lovo Tennyson; Onooannot road him without feeling bettor nnd braver.' : V', Nay, -virtue is ;so simplo a. matter, ?that it aflords few opportunities for art,', responds' dc Roal, in the samo qiuot tone; 'Vice and crimo aro many-sided, arid offer infinite scope for the literary anato mist. Olio Cleopatra, mighty aud fallen; is worth all the cold porfeotion of your modern heroine.' Tile stage bell rings as Alton is about to reply, niid that puts an end to all fiirthor controversy. Those who to take part in tho pcrformanco haste away to dress, and the fiddlos bagin to tune for tho over ture. Tho most difficult partitas fallen upon tho mantle of the colonel ; but ' Sir Giles Overcach' fits him as if ho had mado it a lifo-ljng study. Lady All worth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Victorino Gayland. Tho rich widow is an artist of tho first order, aa well ns a woman of fashion. Nino o'clock p.m. — Sottlo yourselves comfortably in yonr aeata. 'A Now Way to Pkiy Old DcbtB.' A play by Philip Mnssinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a piece is just tho thing for a drawing-room liko this one. And the costumes, so far as the ladies are con corned, aro simply jierfect. . Up with tlio curtain. A room in Lady Allworth's house, lloudoirs, bluo and gold, brocade and sajtin wood. The*wa11s aro painted white., carved garlands of flowers and fruit adosrn tho panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark bluo del f and rare old ponrcolain. Grim Fornbrook haa been ramsackod to furnish this scone. Ten o'clock. — Tho applauae is loud and , long. Hilton Fornbrook, \v]io has been lourgiug about moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. 'Ah, 7II0H cher, how aro you ?'criostho colouel. ?'Accept my congratulations,' replies tho young man, with just tho faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. ' You aro winning golden opinions, sir.' Colonel do Roal leads him aside. 'My Son. If sorao great outlnusiast could suddenly spring up in our -nid«t, and raise tho roofs off these people's brains, as Asmodeus lifted the roofn of the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should find tihis ploased and happy assembly pondering.' Cloao by tho wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland aud Alton Lyndhurst. ' This night will mako you Camous,'he whispers. Sho lifts her eyes to his for a. moment, then replies thoughtfully : ' IE ono did not seek to win famo there would be no such thing as greatness.' ' 'ThomoBt lasting famo has been won by goodness rather than talent,' ho an swers, coldly, and moves away. Tho cloao of tho entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at longth into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in tho groy dawn of day. CHAPTKU V. oor.ojJET, nE.no al. The ball which followod close upon tho hocls of tho dramatic eiitortaininout, was at its hoight. From tlio half circular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed that the play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes here tofore wore merged into tho picture, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of antiquo model, standing abovo tlio balustraded stairway, chimed an hour aftor midnight as Colonel do Roal passed onward with measured tread to the' suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. Ho had not changed olio jot of his costumo as Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. Ho entered his room, took a wet spongo, and carefully removed all traces of tho dark liues which had boon streaked upon his faco by tho costumiers, who had given it tho hard, storn aspect of tlio greedy, money-grubbing horo of Massin ger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the Colonel stood beforo the huge mirror and complacently stroked his largo moustache reflectively for somo considerable time. At tho further end of tho apartmont thoro was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labols of divers' colors still adhored to it, proving that it hnd been a groat traveller in its day. Whatover might havo been the subject of Colonol do Roal's cogitations, tlioy evi dently had some connecting link with the valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he pro duced a koy, unlocked tho roceptaclc, and took thorcfrom somo documents, togother part of an old nowspapor. These ho thrust into his doublet. Ab ho was about to close tho trunk a second thought seemed to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. ' Gaston de Iioal, you havo existed in this beautiful world till you are old aud groy, but your trust in human nature has not boon improved by timo mon ami, 1'ruBt no ouo is n good maxim. Tho great est military genius of any timo trusted his friend Brutus, and lirutus murdorod Cieaar. Humph 1 rest there my friend till wanted,' ho continued in a muttered tone. 'Whon ono lias to play with a skilled, gamester it is well to' have moro than ono trump card to hand.' With tho same moasured, . soldiorly tread, -which appeared part and parcol of thb man, ho went out along tho corridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to 'many who had taUon possession of tho grand staircase to kiss and flirt, aud as cending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entered a chamber situated al most at tlio apox oud ot the building. Tho apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hilton Fornbrook, and on that account was hold strictly privato from all iutrusion by thatgmitle man's guests. Nevertheless, tho Colonol marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fornbrook was soated, conning a rough Chart spread out on i tablo be ford him, while Timothy Sharpe, his man, introduced in tlio first chaptor of this history as tho Ferret, stood by, roady equipped, ns if for a long journey. Tlie latter personago was evidently dis turbed at tho sight of tho intruder, but Fornbrook rose quietly aud bado his \- visitor wolcome. 'Wo will defor your departure, Sharpe, until the morning,' ho said, folding up the map and placing 't in an iron . box, which ho locked. 'Now go.' Pray, don't let mo disturb you, my doar-Fernbrook,' bogan tho Oolonel. . 'Be seated, Bir. Tho business is of little importance,' rojoinod Hilton, draw ing an easy chair towards the fire. 'Good night, Sliarpo. Cloao tho door.' ; ? Tho Ferret bowod and rotired, but not through tho door which do Roal had en tered. Ilo drow aside a thick qurtain whioh divided tho room from ' a doop re cess filled with useless guns, fishing tacklo, Ac., and madu his exit through a low doorway boliindiit. Tho master of Fornbrook and hia visitor Bat in nilonco for several minutes aftor tho departure of tho Ferret. 'My son, I feel inquisitive to-night,' said tlio Colonel in his blandest tone after along pause. ' I 'in afraid I liavo an . noyed you by coming hero unexpected ly.' 'Not at all. Colonel do Roal is quito jjitliborty to go where lie pleases hero at ;Fernbrpok. But what are your de sires.?'' ' What is boliind that screen ?' 'Nothing but old lumber accumulated, thd Lord knows when or how.' ' And the doorway there is in the re cess V' ' It leads to a passnge opening to tho Btablcs belo.w, that's all.' ' Humph! This is but a poor, unat tractive apartment, viou chcr . with so many at your command, and vory much superior in tho way of embellishments.' Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in the faco of his companion. 'This room suits me,' ho rcBpondod slowly. ' Horo I ani secure from in trusion. Come sir,' lie added moro quickly, ' you havo not sought me in my den to ask Billy quostions at two o'clock in tho morning.' ' No, my son, certainly not. By tho bye, aro you certain that we are freo from intruBion 1' 'As freo as if wo woro out yonder on tho ocean.' ' Good ! cried tho Colonol in his UBUal smooth voice. ''After all I havo not ccmo to toll of ghosts and goblinB, and of mur ders dono at midnight. Noither havo I any secrets of church or state to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my sole errand is to allow you a paragraph in an old newspaper, which may possibly interest you.' 'Thank you. What newspaper is it ?' 'Tlio ' Syduey Morning Herald,' bear ing datie of 13th March, 18 ? replied the Colonel. 'Twelve months ago.' ' Exactly.' 'The nows is certainly stale.' But porliaps none tho less interesting for all that; Some kind of information, liko okVwine, is all tho hotter for being old. Shall I read tho paragraph 1' ' Do so.' !Do Roal drew his chair nearer to tho table, on. which stood u small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold oyo glass with due caro and nicoty, he pulled forth the paper from his doublet and bogan to road. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his com panion with a smile, but it was the cold habitual smile of tlio practical man of the world. Above it tho eyes gleamed with a sinister 'expression of dislike, and the brow frowned ovor the eyes liko an over hanging thunder cloud. ' It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck soon by tho ship Durham Castle, en voyago to Now Zea land, was nono other than the schoonor ' Seagull,' which disappeared so mysteri ously from this port somo months ago. It will bo remembered that tho Captain of tho ' Soagul ' ongngod a crow of Bix mon far a voyago to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On tho way tho crow mutinied, and put tho Skippor ashore on a small island within a day 'a sail of Hauti, and there loft him to his fate. By a puro chance Captain Bowls waa discovered and taken on board tlio S.S. Slormhird a month aftcrwarda, aud brought on to Sydney more dead than alivo aftor terrible suffering.' The roader paused, and looking at his companion, said — ' My son, what do you think of it ?' Hilton Fornbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. 'Think of what, Colonel! What in terest can 1 have in the doings of such wrotchosj!' ' Merely for Btudy, dear boy. 1 know you are .'fond of describing the motive power which moves the criminal cUbb. Hear this — 'It is known that one of the mutinous orew engaged by Captain DowIb of tho 'Seagull' was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mauprat, an escapee ' from ' Portland Prison, Eng land.' j '? Rumor hath it that this, convict is well educated and of good birth, his father being ;iio loss a personage than M. Augusto do Mauprat, .. Consul at Port 'Royal, ind' his mother. Berth Piorpoint, a Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indios. | He' was sonteiicod to seven years' '. pyital servitude for killing a British oflicer in somo gambling brawl, nnd lias, so far, niatiagod to elude rociipturo. It is also ..believed that .another of tho cruw was formerly '^liiuprat's man or valet, and who, under tho nam i!e plume ot the 'For ret,' was km/wri to the continental police as the most brilliant card-sharper of tho day.' 1 .- | Dcscriptioniof the escapees : — 'Mauprat-^ago about 27. tall and gen tlomanly ; carriage, military ; com plexion, very dark, but cloar ; head, long; hair, black anil curly ; forehead, high ; black pioroing, eyes, well cut nose and mouth ; framo, strongly built ; hands and foot small.' Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should easily load to tho detection of this dan gerous criminal.' ' Does thiajpicture remind you of any ono you aro acquainted with, my dear Fernbrook 1' asks tho Oolonel, taking his glass from his eye. ' Why should it, Colonel do Roal ?' , ' Oblige mo by looking in yonder mir ror .while bread this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat,' says the Colonel, blandly. ' Psliaw 1 My doar sir,' cried tho young man with a sharp laugh, 'your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself at my oxponae if it so pleasos you, but pray select a more fitting modol for iny liko niiss.' ; Tho Colonel fixed his glass and looked at llihi with a cold stare of surpriso, which had in it a subtle touch of satanic humour, which might havo robbed an ordinary- individual of his selfposses sioh.— To be Continued. F S- 4 