The Second Coming of Christ. God's Message-to .Cliristiun ; People. ON Saturday evening Hr. Wells; an evangel- ist serving under (.lie Lord's Apostles, gave Iiis second lecturo in - tho Theatre Hoya], on the second coming of Christ, and the prepar- ations tiiat should ho made for "that impor- tant event. Tile lecturer, after briefly reca- pitulating the lending portions of Iiis address of Tuesday, stated that'thu Hillie must he. accepted nts the Word of God, and therefore to be accepted quite different from other books. He then pointed out the perfectness of the government of Jesus Christ ; and even if any man succeeded in perfectly elaborating a system of order or government, and even if that reached throughout the entire world, then only would the very fringe of a perfect government-such as Christ's lie touched, as it coiild only apply to one generation, and not to those that went before. The Saviour sent forth the twelve Apostles to save those who would believe in His name, and the injunc- tion was lo send the Gospel to all nations. Christianity was not mere ethics; it was nu operation of love ; and the ordinances and sacraments in the Christian church were tho actings and functions of God in tho Church, the channels and cavities through which the spiritual lifo flowed, as sinews'-in tins body corporal. The Scripture was the Word of God, and the Old Testament was not handed the .Jews ; nor the New Testament to us to criticise, but to show us certain necessary trufchs. Tn 1st Cor., 12ch. »re plain statu nicnts concerning the mysteries ot' the ordin- ances ot' God, gifts of the Holy Ghost, and such matters, and in Ephesians 1 ch,, 11-13 v., "And He gave some Apostles and some Prophets," etc. This shows that tho Apostles were of God's rtpjioiiifini/, and irere not appointed by men or any l-eeogiiiscd human authority. He held that those who were sent to bear witness ol' Christ should therefore ho sent of God and not by bishops or constituted bodies of men, for the Scrip- ture did not authorise tho lattin- course. Ho referred to the utter failure ol' divisions ami sects which were created through inking different views of Scripture. The Church was the body of Christ, and cadi mernina' was therefore part of that body ; but as a human body became entirely changed through the food from time to time taken lo sustain it, so tho Church was also changed by thu members who were constantly being added thereto. There would be hut one church oi" one body, and those -who lind sinned must eventually become parts of it. In Revelations they were told that Christ would come quickly, and he urged that pru yinrntion should lie-made for thc coining oE that great event. Tu Malachi í ch. and 5 v they were told "Behold I will simd you Elijah, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of tho Lord." And in Matthew, 17 eh. and 10-12 v., " Christ said that Elias shidl first come and restore all t hings," show ingthatthere was to bo a ministry of restornt ion before the coming of the Lord"; n nd thepre pnratiou to lie made is one that wo are to lie invited or summoned to. This messenger is . to have power to restore everything. Om Saviour said that his second coming will be ns in the days of Noah : but, as at tliát time, » way of escape is provided, which may bc summarised in the words "Repent, for the kingdom of Heaven is ut hand." "Wo must do tais to be received of Him at his coining, and be found walking in thc truth, which is distinct from mere truth. In 2nd Thus., 2uu. 7-I2v., is shown the fate of those wlio received not tile love of the truth ; that they should he sent strone; delusion, and believe a lie. Also, that they would be .'damned who be- lieved not the truth." In the same chapter a falling away is foretold, and the revealing of "that man of sin, tho son of perdition," before the second advent of Christ. The lecturer stated that during thu last half-century there were unmistakable indications of the fulfil- ment of the prophecy of the "falling away" from things sacred ; and this was marked in Christian aud civilised countries. In cities the name of God was oftener spoken in irre- verence tbau in worship. He warned his hearers not to despise the duty of prepara- tion, and neglect to do so would bring judg nient on professing Christians llrst, and on others subsequently. Ho besought them to receive tho truth in the love ot it, and said he felt he was commissioned to thus bear witness of the coming of Christ. If ho did not deliver this important message he would bo failing in discharging an important duty; and on the other hand, a grave responsibility rested with those who listened, if they ne- glected the warning. Tho Lecturer further expounded his views to an assemblage in Mr. F. Doberer'a auction room last evening, and intimated that any person desiring explanation on amy of tho statements adduced would- be grunted a pri- vate interview._ _ EXTORT OF PASSION FRUIT.-The Sydney president , of tho Fruitgrowers* Union has been advised by letter of the arrival- in Lou- don in a perfectly sound und- fresh, condition of a small consignment of passion fruit. Two years ago Mr. Cairnes induced a grower to scud an experimental consignment, and ac- count sales showed a return of 2s per. dozen. This would lie at tho rate of £4 a case. TESTINR TUE SIOHT.-In sending to H. HARDING for spectacles, by post, state how long you have used sp<»es., and what sr/.eu print yon emt rend without them ; «Iso, if pos- sible, the number of the. pair in um\ Address H. HAKDINO, Pr'mce-st., Grafton.-ADV l'rlntod and pntrilxhod hy G ronai; Hr.Nitv ^ AIU.K.I . Kolo proprietor, at tho Clurenrr. arni Ricnmot* i Kxamintr Machine l'riauuK oflla o, Prlncu-attw* Urafton. . 