A Russian G(host Story. When the Winter Palace weeas fuishea. the emprness nppointed a day for taking Iposes. sion of it ; nnd the elit.: of the guards, and a corps which wr.s conrpoosed entirely of noble. men, mounted lguard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor lead to the middie doorof the white or throne-room. In the corridor two ya'.ong noblemen were prsted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was rnnnelnarily expected. Sud. denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throrle-ro:om. Who could hrave any business fat such an unusual hour in a room ' wl'iclh wao designated only for the re. ception of foreign ambassadorstf One of the young men considered it his duty to investi. gate tile matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come neThe emGcfress has already arrived," whlsp. ered lihe; she is ereted on the throne,directly opposite to the door." The other nalo looked through the aperture ant soon verified this to be a fact. The em* press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of lRussia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos. ible to ascertain if any other perasns were prrseeat, as the thickness of the door-lock ailo? ld no sid:l vew oif tr oe apartmedct;. The young rmen returned to their posts andi waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appearedacnd said, " You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty Is already here," " What? 1%Who ?" " Her majesty is in the throne.room." "I mepossible I" " You can see for yourself." The oficer looked, immediately recog. nised the empress, and said wonderingly,-. "I cannot underslandr what the marshna means, lie has just arrired, and ordered that all the guards he withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe. less, I-see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all evente I will ascer. tain wliat new order the marshal has Issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em. press may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was forte. nately in the palace, and as soon as Ire heard of the mysterlous report hastened to the cor. rider, and peeped in his turn through the key jiole. " My God, it is the empress I Her majesty herself I What can it mean ?" exclaimed he, "Ilow can this be possible, when I have just left her presence I She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes andt jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne.room be guarded I Let noone goin or outl I will hasten to report at once." SThe- distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached tie small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress, " Where is the empress i" " In her sleeping n artnent." "Tho prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sbarply. " Are you sriro that the empress Is here ?" "Of course; she is preparing to retire," tIlnform her Instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empres' chamber. 'The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. "\?ll,"said thire anipress, 'you look as if :ou had seen a ghost. What in IIeaven's same is the matter with yon I Is there any news from tire army '? Kuratin hurriedly related what he had Ieon, ' It Is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. " We will take a nearer look at these come. -lians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratiu; you can mount behind. IIHrry." Arrived at tlho Winter Palace, the eas. tellan was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were corn. mended to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop bctook themselves to the corridor, The light shone as before through the key. hole. Thoe door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stopped within the room, followed by her guard, wirf placed thlemselves around hcr, The room was brilliantly illuminated, out empty. On the throne was seated a isape, the counterpart of Elianbeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered witlt liamonds, and crowned with the royal dia. lem. One instant Elizabeth gazed .tendfastly at her double, then moved for vard a few steps. Simultaneously thes ap ,arition stood up, stepped down from tlb Shrone, and then remained standing as ImI. novably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment I "Fire I" cried thire empress,. Tihe guards raised their guns and all six ,i.ned directly at the ghostly visitant, This . ig4ers snapped. At thee so inant tlr glgare, clapped its hIands together, and the osns was suddenly plunged into Intense :arknesa. Then followed a great commo ion and confusion, while the empress siest,--v; "l ring lights I" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughl y searched, but abso, Iutely nothing could ho found to elulcidat, ;he mystery.' Every door was locked an- I c:lardedl. Tile guards had seen no une lease the palace, The empress ordered a more thorough search to he made, but in rain cere all efforts made to discover the per. pettator of the trick, if trick it were,. SThe etoccrioicep made a deeper impresnioc nl ld Cllisabeth }han she would adeols;-tIrtgt; weeks afterwsords she died. Not Good Granmmar.-A yonng lady war ttlng withll her lover in a charmingly dseo rated recess, On hetr knee was a dlmtnutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open. w,,re the rest of the compnny. Bays tihe ittlo niece, in a jealous and very audible uvolee. " Antle, kiss me, too." We\ lecave you to imagine what had hap pened. " You should say twss, Elthel, dear ; twor is not grammar," wa' thie iamediate re. joinder, Olever girl. A Professional.--" Be-utiful sport |beautifoi," said tire bagman, "Sixty birds in twor hIours andi ouly milssed two shots,." A qrluiet gentlemnn sitting in a corner of thie hotll ofice, put dowrn Ila paper, rushedt across the roonm anI grasied hint warmlyby the hand. "Allow me to congratulate you, sir," ihe said," I am a lrofsclai:oal Imsyseif."1 " Professionsl sporlsman i " "No; a prnofessional Itar." Fathoer (nhaghitiy)--" WeIIt sir I-" Soa (Ihlsiosingly)-- " Forgive me. I know Ihow deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, anl I hIave yet timo to manke repinatlon, If a futuro lifo of honesty-" lATrtIen (angrily)--f ITonesty I ha, ha I Who prates of honesty to a retired 1w. dealer I" Baron Ilana Von Lears, now at one of the feshieonahblo watering places, is described a nearly seven feet tall, In this rsspect ie ruest compasto favorably with any el the hotel billr., Against the lules.-First HIfod Oatrier t SWhiat did the \Vilkin' Diligate flneo y foer, Mike?' stoeond Ditto: "For oemin' down the ladder two rounds at a time,' 