PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND BOOKS. THE HAMEST 0Ï A READER'S CLEANINGS. Navxs did any soul do good, but it came readier to do the same again, with more enjoymefit. Merer was lore, or gratitade, or bounty practised but with increasing joy, which made the practiser still more in love with the fair act.—Skaficsbury. , He who freely praises what he means t( purchase, and he who enumerates the faults of what he means to sell, may set op a partnership with tonest y.— Lavater. EaBORS OF the Telegkam.—" It was t vo o'clock when I reached home," he said. " My wife met mo at the door. I saw at once that she was very angry. She handed me a telegram and asked freezingiy: .' What is the meaning of this ? ' I said : " Why, my dear, what's wrong ? That is probably the message I 6ent you in the afternoon.' 'It is,' she answered. •Please read it and explain.' I road it. To my astonishment it said : ' Shall dine with Kitty Smith, an old gal of mine, who has ju£t returned from the Continent. "Will be late. Don't wail for me. 4 1 wouldn't wail for the heat man that ever lived,' said my wife, and she began to ciy. ' I realised at once what had happened, and began to laugh. I couldn't help it. ' Why,' I said, 'this message has been botched. I wrote no such stuff as that.' ' What did yon write then?' she demanded. Then I told her that what I had really written was: « Shall dine with Billy Smith, an old pal of mine, who has just returned from the Continent. Will be late. Don't wait for me.' Those operators had butchered it. I've got the original message. In view of the circumstances the manager of the telegraph office consented to lend it tc mo. ' My wife , was pretty well satisfied, bnt I wanted to convince her absolutely. After this I shall endeavour to write plainer, and I shall certainly avoid the use of slang words."—A lynching was nearly precipitated by the error of a Kansas operator some'time ago. It was only averted by the discovery that there was no one to lynch. A young farmer was called away from home for a few da* s. His wife went to visit her brothers in a town near by during his absence. The third day her husband telegraphed her : Big ball, meet me at Wichita tonight." There was to be a dance and he wanted his wife to attend. This was a splendid opportunity for the imp of mischief who causes telegraphic " bulls." He tampered with the message, so that when the farmer's wift- readit,itsaid: "BigBillgotmeat Wichita to-night." Her instant and very natural conclusion was that her husband had either been captured or shot, or both, by a desperado named "Big Bill." Her brothers agreed with her, and the whole family and a number of neighbours, all heavily armed, took the first train for Wichita to rescue the husband and hang " Big Bill." The husband was waiting calmly at the station for his wife. The Vigilance Committee demanded " Big Bill," and were not at all satisfied with tbe husband for standing there free and uninjured. The brothers criticised him severely because he wasn't kidnapped, and announced that in their opinion ho had been guilty of rank deception. A fight was prevented by-his wife's intervention and an explanation.—A gentleman in San Francisco learned that an estimable lady in Los Angeles had suddenly lost all her property and was in a condition of actual want. He telegraphed to a friend, a lawyer of Los Angeles : " Assist Mrs. immediately." The word " assist " was changed to " arrest," and the poor woman's misery was increased by a night in a prison cell. It's all very fine having a ready-made rich man, but mayhap he'll be a ready-made fool ; and it's no use filling your pocket full o' money if you've got a hole in the corner. It'll do you no good to sit in a spring cart o' yonr own, if you've got a soft to drive you ; he'll soon turn you over into the ditch. I allays said I'd never marry a man as had got no brains ; for wherc's the use of a woman having brains of her own if she's tackled to a geek as ebeiybody's a-laughing at? She might as well dress herself fine to sit back'ards on a donkey.—George Eliot. Hints to Pkevest Waste.—When fuel and food have been procured, the next consideration, is how the latter may be best preserved. Much waste is often occasioned by the want of judgment or of necessary care in this particular. When the atmosphere is cool, clear, and dry, beef may be kept from four to ten days. Mutton will hang, under the same circumstances, for a fortnight or three weeks. Veal, lamb, and pork ought not to be kept more than a day or two, at the most. Game may be hung for two or three weeks ; birds with the feathers on, or fowls, will keep for a week, turkeys for a fortnight ;. geese not more than eight days. In very cold weather, meat and vegetables touched by the frost should be brought into,the kitchen early in the morning, and soaked in cold water. Perfumes Prevent Motodixess.—Mouldiness is occasioned by tho growth of vegetation. Ink, paste, leather, and seeds most frequently suffer by it. A clove will preserve ink, and any essential oil answers the purpose as welL Leather may be kept'free from mould by the same substance. Thus Sussian leather, which is perfumed with the tar of birch, never becomes mouldy ; indeed, itprevents it from occurring in other bodies. A few drops of any essential oil will keep books entirely free from it. For harness oil of turpentine is recommended. By the use of small quantities of the oil of peppermint or cassia paste may be preserved for years. A few drops of the oil may be added when the paste is made. Moisture must be excluded as much as possible, as the oils only prevent the effects of the mould. The Bishop's Ghost.—A tale of the late Bishop Wilberforce. So many tales of him have been current, but I do not believe that this has ever before gone abroad. In early days he had a close friend, a Echool chum, a college companion ; but about the time young Wilberforce took orders these two had a bitter ' and hopeless falling out. They never got over the I disunion, and fell utterly apart. The chum became | an extensive landowner, and was master of a charms j ing house in the south of England. Time passed on, and he grew elderly. He thought of making his will, j Being a great man, not only his solicitor but the j solicitor's son arrived on the scene for the event. All o | three gentlemen were in the library, a long room, I with many windows running down almost to the ( ground. Suddenly the young man present saw a ! gentleman go by the first of these windows.- The ) elder lawyer raised his head as the figure went by the ] second opening. Last of all the master of the house ; looked up. "Why, that is Wilberforce," he exj claimed. " How many years it is since we fell out, j and I dared him ever again to seek me out." So ! raying, he ran to the hall door to welcome his guest, • towards whom no bitter feeling now remained in his ! mind. Strange to say, the Bishop was not at the I door, nor could he be found within the grounds. At the moment of his appearance he had faflen from his horse in this neighbourhood and had been instantly killed.—The Argosy. _ The REAL S MO s LEGEEE.—Legree, the planter into whose hands Uncle Tom fell after the sudden death of Mr. St Clare, had his counterpart on many Southern plantations. A brother of Mrs. Stowe's was for a time collecting clerk to a large mercantile house in New Orleans, and there met a planter who served for the character of Legree. Of him he wrote, after visiting his plantation, "He actually made me feel of £us fist, which was like a blacksmith hammer or a nodule of iron, telling me that it was ' calloused with knocking down niggers.' When I left the plantation I drew a long breath, and felt as if I had escaped from an ogre's den." Among planters it was a disputed point whether it was meet paying to work "niggers " to death or to prolong their lives by fairly humane treatment. Legree was a type of those who believed in taking the work out of niggers even if it killed J them." In answer to the query as to how long slaves | would last, he replied : " Well, dunno ; cordin' as i their constitution is. Stout fellers last six or seven ! years ; trashy ones get worked up in two or three. I | used to, when I fust begun, have considerable trouble fussin' with 'em and trying to make 'em hold out, doctorin' on 'em up when they's sick, and givin' on 'em clothes and blankets, and what not-, and trying to keep 'em all sort o' decent oSA comfortable. Law, 'twasn't no sort of use ; I lost money on 'em, and 'twas heaps o' trouble. Kow, you see, I just put 'em straight through, sick or welL -When one nigger's dead I buy another ; and I find it comes cheaper and easier every way." The barbarous treatment of the slaves upon Legree's plantation is no overdrawn story of horror. It was a cotpmon thing upon the sugar plantations when grinding commenced for negros to work night and day for three months, with only short intervals for sleep. Also at the sugarrolling season the slaves in Louisiana worked for two or three months, both night and day, scarcely retiring to rest during the whole period. The tragical fate of Uncle Tom upon Legree's plantation has too many times had its parallel, which many living witnesses have testified to Mrs. Sbowe.—" Life of Harriet Beecher Stowe, TM for Boys and Girls," i by Mrs. Sarah A. Tooley. t To die and know that when men think of you no < inspiration will arise, but only the memory of harsh- ! ness, or hatred, or falsehood, or pitileasnees—that makes death terrible. Be otherwise. Let' your works follow you with inspiring power. Speak from the grave to comfort, kindle, redeem. Hon so little ënjoy life and are audi burdens to themselves as those who have nothing to do. The active only have the true relish of life. He who knows not what it is to labour. knowB not what it » to e®joy. ^ fiecreation is only valuable aa iff m$ends m The idle know nothing of it Xt is exertion that renders rest delightful and sleep sweet aad undistuÀed. ^plia{pnessoflÙe âependsrothei prosecatu?! of «hd« loadable | "" « m . 