M -n-e i' a I € leant n g s. THE PALLIUM. ITS SIGNIFICANCE ELOQUENTLY TOLD BY FATHER GASQUET O.S.B. _AT THE INVESTITURE OF HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN. . " And he ( Eliseus ) took up the- mantle of Elias , that fell jrom him ... and the Sons of the Prophets . , . . said : The spirit of Elias hath rested upon Eliseus (4 Kings ii. 13-15.) Under the old law God made known , His will- to His people by a succession of witnesses — the Prophets. He left ! those, chosen ones, however, free to listen or not to listen to their words, or rather His words through them. In fact His messengers were most fre- quently a sign to be contradicted, as in the case of the Prophet Elias him self. Under the New Law,, though \- the form be varied, there is continuity in the dispensation — in the method of ' God's dealing with man. The Divine message now indeed, no longer destined for a single people, is addressed so all nations of the, earth ; and Our Lord in founding His Church has established an abiding and unfailing witness to bear testimony throughout the world to the one Divine Truth, and to point out to men the way of salvation until his coming. But as under the Old Law, man was at liberty to listen to the teaching or to turn a deaf ear to it, so is it under the New.- Our God demands still the exercise of faith, the sacrifice of the willing heart. And as with individuals so is it with rations. They may hear and may hearken to the Divine mes sage, which comes through the Church, they may follow it gladly, perhaps for centuries, and then at \- their will they may turn away and reject it. So for ever might they continue in their refusal to listen to .. listen to God's voice, unless in his mercy, He preserves the flock of His chosen few, in lowliness and obscurity, until in His own good time the word comes to them, as it cam6 of old to the prophet Elias : "Go forth and stand on the mount before the Lord." The ceremony at which we are assisting may well recall this character istic of God's dealing with men. In particular are we- to-day reminded of the fact "that -after He has so long suffered our own country and people to reject His witness on earth, the Holy Church He has again brought about, at a time when all hope, humanly speaking, seemed lost, a revival of Catholicity in England. When the history of this restoration comes to be written three great events must be recorded with promin ence on its pages — Catholic Emancipa tion, the re establishment of the Hierarchy, and this, the first public reception of the Archbishop's Pall in England since our country finally re nounced its place in Christendom. By the first, Catholic life— the public ex ercise of the Catholic religion — be came once more possible for English men; The natural development of that life, no longer crushed by penal laws, made necessary the second — the ordeily disposition of the Church under the government of an established hierarchy of bishops. And this again implies the appointment of a Metro politan, or chief of this episcopal college, upou whoso shoulders must rest the sacred Pall, the symbol of his jurisdiction and the badge of his union with Rome, the Mother and Plead of Churches. To-day, then, this solemn and public act, about to be performed, marks yet another stage in the history of religion in our country. For although two eminent Archbishops have already occupied the Metropoli tan See of Westminister, this token of jurisdiction and power was taken by each from the " body of the Blessed Peter," in the eternal city itself, and tuus to-day we are met together to witness, after a lapse of three centuries and a half, the renewal of what took place age after age in this land of England, in the case of every occupant of the throne of St Augustine, so long as the Church of Canterbuay remained faithful to the Church of God. Now first let; us understand what the Pallium (the Umbra Petri j is. You know, my brethern, that it is. the common practice of the Church, fol lowing in this the example of Our Lord Himself, . to use- the simplest . means, and, in the eyes of the world, the com monest ai_d; meanest objects, for the loftiest and most solemn ends. In itself, then, nothing can be more simple than this mere narrow fillet of 1 woollen cloth, which we call the Pall : neither do the crosses marked upon it, nor the jewelled pins, with which it is ornamented, serve to give it, as the' precious things of this world gd? ^dis tinction. The material is afforded by the fleeces of chosen lambs,- blessed at the mass on St. Agnes' day and' kept with care until the shearing time, when the wool is woven , by the liands of nuns, in the cloisters of a convent. Then, on the Vigil of SS. Peter and Paul, in June, these new made Pallia are carried to the Aitar of the Confes-, sion, in St. Peter's, where, after the First Vespers of the Feast, they are solemnly blessed, if possible, by the Pope himself. For one night they are left lying upon the shrine, and are then kept until required in a silver coffer, near the relics of the Prince of the Apostles, so that when bestowed upon a newly- appointed Archbishop, the Pall — this woellen fillet — may be truly said to be taken from the body of St. Peter. , This is not the occasion to discuss the origin and early history of the Archbishop's Pall. As in- the case of so many ecclesiastical symbols of rites, nothing certain is known as to its first adoption. As ' a sacred vestment, it claims an antiquity of 1,500 years and by the time of St. Gregory the Great, before the close of the sixth century, it had undoubtedly become a well-recognized symbol of jurisdiction bestowed by the Sovereign Pontiff on those appointed by him to be " Vicars of the Apostolic See," of Rome. It concerns us little indeed that we should possess full and accurate knowledge of its origin. What does concern us, is to understand and realize what the symbol means, and what is it to us. Just as the most fundamental doctrines of our faith, the Holy Trinity and the Incarnation, for example, were not perceived in all their bearings, still less enounced in all their fulness, in the earliest ages of the Church, bub were unfolded in the course of the ceuturies; so did the organization of tli6 Christian Church, with the hierarchy in its gradations and subordinations, slowly proceed from the simplest elements and relations of primitive times, and grow to the full measure of that perfect body which comprises all, from the lowest official in the humblest Christian community to Christ's Vicar upon earth, the Roman Pontiff. And this sense of the essential and necessary unity of all Christians in the Church, and of the relations in which all stand to the Head of the Church, once present, it could not fail at length to express itself by symbol. Such a symbol, full of import and meaning, is this sacred Pall, for which by long- established usage every Patriarch Primate, and Archbishop, who rules a Province of the Church immediately under the Supreme Pastor, is bound to supplicate from the Pope. " earnestly, more earnestly, most earnestly," as the sign of his jurisdiction. The uieaniug of this symbol is best conveyed by the words of the solemn blessing said over it. It is the symholum unitutis, the token of unity, since it is the bond by which the hierarchy of the Church are united together under one head and signifies that the chief pastor has bestowed a special measure of jurisdiction upou the recipient. It is the tessera communion-is perfeeta: cum liomana Sede , the pledge of perfect communion with the Roman See, im plying the due subjection of every chief of a Province to the successor of St. Peter, and thus becoming a surety for the unity of the Catholic faith, and it is the vinculum caritatis , uniting the Archbishop who wears it, and through him the bishops and clergy and. lay folk to the . one Supreme Head of the one Holy Church on earth., The grant of the Pall then, is the proof and token that Peter, to whom is committed Our Lord's Kingdom on earth . has imparted . jurisdiction and .power , of ruling to the prelate .upon whom is laid th6 burden of administer ing some portion of that kingdom, For jurisdiction comes not with ordi nation or consecration to the episcopal office. This high dignity confers upon the bishop no authority over the souls of others. The charge, of some partic ular part of the flock must be given by a direct commission . of the chief shepherd'. So true is this that after consecration, "or translation to a metropolitan See, the Archbishop- Elect cannot exercise his highest func tions until he is possessed of the sacred Pall. It- is thus the title of his authority over others, and in every quarter of the globe is the sign and token of the universal bond which draws all hearts and souls to Rome, the onlj centre of living unity, the only sure foundation and guidance of the Christian Faith. From the coming of St. Augustine and the first establishment of the Church of the English no fact is more clearly marked in the history of our country than the intimate union which existed between the . Church of. this land and the Holy Apostolic See. When at St, Gregory's command Augustine is consecrated " Archbishop of the English people,'' this is perform ed by the Pope's Vicar, the Bishop of Aries, in which city, be it remembered, British Bishops 300 yeais before had, by solemn synodical act, shown how they I'ecognized the partial import of , St. Peter's primacy among the i Apostlea. 1 The ceremony of to-day carries back . our thoughts to that month of June in < the year a.d. 601, when nearly 1,300 . years ago, by tlio authority of Pope St. Gregory, the first hierarchy of Euglish Bishops, was established, and " the Pallium of honour from the holy and Apostolic See" was sent by tli6 hands of Paulinus and Mellitus to Augustine as the first Archbishop. It was from Rome that his jurisdiction came: "We give you no authority over the Bishops of Gaul," wrote Gregory to his new Vicar, when sending him this symbol of his power : "But all the Bishops of Britain we commit to your charge, that the ignorant may be be taught, the weak confirmed, the perverse corrected by authority." And as W6 review the centuries of Saxon rule, and note how each occu pant of St. Augustine's Chair sends, or himself goes, to Rome for that sign of pre- eminence, first conferred on the Church of Canterbury, we recognize how to our English forefathers the Roman Pall ever was the pledge and isymbol of " the Catholic faith, of unity, and of subjection to the Roman Church," as writes St. Boniface, the English Apostle of the German people to Archbishop Cuthbert of Canterbury. Even in the dark and stormy days of the 10th century, in spite of the dangers' and hardships of a journey from England to Italy, almost every successor to St. Augustine, including St. Odo, St. Dunstan, and St. Elphige — those three glories of the English Church — made that weary pilgrimage, in order that lie might- bow his head before the Roman Pontiff, and at his command and concession take from the shrine of the Apostles this sacred sign of his jurisdiction. No difficulties could turn these sons of England from testifying their loyalty to the Holy See. Of one Bishop — Alfsin of Winchester — we read, that designated to succeed St. . Odo on the throne of Canterbury, " according to the custom (more solito) he set out to Rome to obtain his Pall but, as his saintly predecessor had in vision warned him, he was destined never to wear it, and he perished of the cold amid the mows of the Alpine passes, before he set his foot in Italy. Let us pass quickly onward. From the Norman Conquest to the reign of Queen Mary seven and thirty Arch bishops of Canterbury received the sacred wool as successors of St. August ine and in token of their union with ' and subjection to Rome. To obtain it many, like. 'their Saxoi: predecessors, journeyed to Italy ; whilst to others It was sent J " by reason of the perils and dangers of the road," by thi .hands of Papal delegates. And as they knelt before the altar to receive the token of their" jurisdiction, most- of the long line of prelates were sworn upon the Holy Gospels, " from' this hour forward to be faithful and obedient tci St 1 Peter to the Holy Apostolic Ronian Church and to niy lord the Pope and his sue- cessors.'j. It was the profession of the. Church qf England by the mouth of its appointed head and by this soleiiiri act of men like Langton, Peckham and Courtenay, Arundel and Bouchier and Atorton-r-men no less ' illustrious ' as cffurchiuen than as champions of Eng lish greatness— was the Church of the land linked with the Church of Christ, and by the Apostolic yoke of the Pall was it bound to Rome the centre of ecclesiastical unity. And as we meet this day to witness1 once more the reception of this token of jurisdiction, the memories of similar scenes in the past history of our country come crowding to our minds. We seem to see a vision of .a long line of monks and clergy passing through the streets of Canterbury. At the close of the procession walks the tall ascetic figure of Archbishop St. Anseltn, who goes with feet bare to meet the legate Walter bringing his Pall from Rome. There is a sense of triumph in his soul for at last that which William Rufus has kept from liim during two years, is to be his. Nay there is more than this ; for even with this symbol of spiritual authority already in England, William had tried to force the Saint to receive it from his royal hands as his gift, and only by a final struggle liad Anseltn won the concession that lie should take it from the altar of his Cathedral church, " as if from the band of St. Peter himself." It was thus more than a picturesque ceremony at which the multitude assisted. It was the assertion of a great and neces sary" principle : that jurisdiction over souls came not from the Crown ; but from th6 grant of Peter's successor. And this tli6 assembled throng of spectators — nay, co-actors — in the scene, knew full well, as one by one, headed by the Cardinal legate, they knelt at Anselm's feet and raised' the sacred ornament to their lips in solemn profession of loyalty to the supreme spiritual authority of Rome. Again we seem to be at Canterbury as St. Thomas a Becket — the great champion of the Church's liberty — like every recipient of the Pall in England,, goes barefoot in reverence to the gift and giver, and taking the symbol of his authority from the altar presents it for the homage of the attendant clergy. And, as we ponder on all that this narrow strip of wool, " taken from the body of blessed Peter," was to him in his combat for the freedom of the Church in England, once more the scene changes, and our thoughts are borne on to the days of the last Henry, when another Thomas— Thomas Cran- raer — received his Pall at the hands of Bishop Longland. It was at West minster on the very day of his conse cration — March 30, 1533— that upon his shoulders was placed this symbol of subjection and loyalty to the See of Peter. Already whilst taking his oath "to be faithful and obedient" to the Roman Pontiff, he had protested, in words that on such lips, and on such an occasion, could only mean a medi tated treachery, that ho thereby in tended nothing " contrary to the law of Hhe land, the King's pereogative or the Statutes of the Kingdom ' Then, before the reception oc his Pall, renew ing his protest, he again swore upon t!i6 sacred Gospels his perjured obedi ence to the Pope, from whom he re ceived tills title to jurisdiction in the See of St. ' Augustine. Then with the words of Royalty to Route fresh upon his lips, he ougb more swore to the King his rejection of the gift, declaring that he " took and held the said arch bishopric 1 immediately and only of Henry, tHe King, and of none other." Rut to-day let us not dwell upon the thoughts vthis scene of sacrilege and perjury calls to j£jnd> Let .ns turn rather to another andt a brighter memory of that day when for the last time an Archbishop of Canterbury was ; invested in the honoured symbol of fealty to St. Peter, which had then, in those days of heresy, become the pledge ' . of orthodoxy also. It was 011 Lady Day, 1556, .that the Pall was received in Bow Church by Cardinal Pole. Son ; of a mother whom we venerate among the saints, he was a man, the beauty . and elevation of whose gentle soul, the . growing light of historical research is but now making known to us, and whose high qualities bring him so near to his contemporaries the Blessed John Fisher and the Blessed Thomas More. On this occasion, pressed at the last moment to preach to the assembled multitude, the Cardinal spoke from his heart words worthy of the sacred cause he was called on to represent. Telling his audience about the great dignity of this sacred Pall and of the all-important truth of which it is the sign, he con cluded in words that will find an echo in many hearts to-day. Would that" ye but knew," he cried Would that ye but knew what God grants you by the mission of this peace"— aye, indeed brethren, it was a true sacrament of peace, the one still existing hope of maintaining the inherited religious unity of our nation, the rejection of which has banished that unity from the land, perhaps for ever. With Pole's death came the great . breach between England and Christen dom, and from that day to this the . Pall— the sacred emblem or union- has never been received publicly in this land. The history of the" Church, which took the place of the aucient Catholic Church of this realm, is writ ten in unmistakable characters in the annals of the sixteenth century. On the very surface it is evident that the religion then established was founded on a denial of all that was Catholic, and the more deeply we investigate the story of its origin, the more surely do we find that this, its obvious charac teristic, is the real and only reason of its existence. Its formularies of doctrine were conceived and framed, not as the result of some unhappy . accident, but with a deliberate and set purpose to destroy Catholic life and practice, and its Liturgy was purposely designed to obscure and obliterate the ancient Catholic worship and service of the Almighty. There ar6 many now to whom this is a grief. They cannot, though they gladly would, blot out such painful facts from, this page of history. . They can but try to forget. Aye, gladly would they forget — nay, brethren, . . gladly would we too forget were that only possible. But in such vital mat ters forgetf ulness cannot he, neither for them nor for us. Still in a measure eyes may. be closed to the whole reality. Many of you no doubt will have noticed in recent years an increasing tendency among Protestant writers to minimize . the religious changes of the sixteenth century. They seek to confine dis cussion of the great revolution of that uiuio tiu ii/O cto they are so fond of saying, they would have it regarded' merely as a quarrel with Borne. But indeed, they thein- . selves, and all men of sense and knowl edge, who allow themselves to reflect, must know the movement was in , reality a rejection of the faith and the religion, of the piety and the practice of previous generations of Englishmen, and a declaration of war against the soul of every Catholic. It has been sometimes suggested that after all, even whilst England was still Catholic, there was not that union of the country with Borne, or that com plete and full acknowledgment of obedience to the Holy See, which we' claim existed for well nigh a thousand years in the ancient Church of this realm. Difficulties and misunderstand ings are fixed upon, as ample evidence that the Church of our Catholic fore fathers owned no subjection to the See of Peter, and did not recognize in the occupant of Peter's Chair the earthly head of the one Church of God. Diffi culties indeed there were, at times disputes; and it -must needs be that such difficulties arise in its administra tion so long as tJio Church is made up of men with human wills. But none of these difficulties ever touched the reality, the necessity, of the bond which united each and all to the Holy See. My brethren, the one fact that every occupant of the throne of Canterbury, i from Augustine to Pole, sought so ' earnestly for the sacred Pall, the token J of union with Borne, and at its recep- j tion so many pledged themselves so i deeply to loyalty and obedience to the See of Peter, is the best and surest evidence of their true spirit. To turn to another point of which the ceremony of this day reminds us : the special phase of Anglican contro versy, at the present moment, may be summed up in a word so often used — Continuity: Apart from other con siderations, in these days, when every institution however venerable is ex amined, when , every claim and title is called in question, and when the words Disestablishment and Disendowment are on the lips of politicians, there is a special interest attaching to this word, Continuity. We cannot wonder if the present possessors of the wealth of the ancient Catholic Church in England should manifest a solicitude as to any flaw in their title deeds, and if men, with any foresight at all, should come to feel that a change of religion is a flaw indeed. But this is no care of ours. We brethren have long accustomed our selves to the dispossession of an in heritance which yet remains, in proof of the piety of our , forefathers in religion. Nay, dear to us as are the walls of many an ancient fane that still graces the land — dear, in a way which those who arc not Catholics can never understand — yet even those are no objects of envy to us, for we know, feeble flock though wo may be, that the faith that created these glorious piles is still alive in us, and that if God gives His blessing, and we be true to Him, the glory of the later temple may "be greater than that which, our fore fathers knew. We may not live to see it, but our part is to work in faith, and. if any should be disposed to account this a mere empty dream, this very building in which we are gathered is surely evidence to give courage to the faint and faithless heart. Who a short half century ago could have imagined that a church like this would be erected by the zeal, the courage, the self- sacrifice of Englishmen 1 Well may -we think, brethren, that the perfect devotion of those who have gone before us, Martyrs, Confessors, in the days of persecution and fiery trial, has been rewarded. Not alone have they preserved Catholicity for us, but their " faith and zeal have been the means, whereby God has brought into the fold of the Church men who were the very salt of the Anglican establish ment. That great generation is pass ing away, and as we look we see that their work has "been accomplished. They have brought home to every mind in England the existence of Catholicity, living, working, acting throughout the length and breadth of Xll A 1 A A! — . w A .a MX L —. — _ _ — _ _ _ _ W1C IcUlU. X'ur, WW U1USU UbWttie Ui measuring the influence of our faith, merely by the multiplication of our churches, or the increase of conversions. The resurrection of the Church is shown on all sides by the change which . the fact of its very existence has wrought, even within the pale of the i Established Church of England. Look ' around you : Is it not the case that 1 there is hardly a spot, in this country, 1 no matter how remote, where tho j effort is not 110 vv being made to imitate ' the rites and practices of the Catholic , religion, even down to minute details ' and to characteristics of its very inner, life 1 ! Take the very name Catholic itself. ' Most of us are old enough to remember | the time when we, and we alone, were the Catholics of "England — as indeed 1 we still are to men of common sense. A few short years ago and this name would have been resented as an insult by members of the Established Church. To-day, however, forgetful that the Sovereign Head of their Church swears j to their Archbishop in the Coronation ' Oath "to maintain the Protestant Reformed religion established by the law," many members of the State religion assume the self-contradictory title of Anglo-Catholic. It is only too obvious that Anglicans do not draw all this from their own past. As with a similar, though less marked movement, in the days of King Charles!., induced by the same causes, it is done avowedly J with the object of preventing people becoming Catholics. And if the Anglican Church is being, as they declare,. Catholicized to-day, it is through the pressure which we Catho lics, by our very presence,, bring to bear upon it, making Protestants them selves the very witnesses against their own past words and deeds. Truly the proscribed religion of our God has here its Divine revenge, for it subdues the souls of men and turns them to love an<3 bless that which their forefathers cast out from their midst. That, my brethren, which the founders of the Established religion in this country rejected, has been pre served happily for us. . Ours is an in- j lieritance above all price that none can take from us. That inheritance is , continuity indeed — the only continuity | worth contending for : a continuity of I faith and practice. The possession of ! family title deeds docs not prove 1 descent : the occupation of-stone walls ; the using of historic names ; the publi cation of lists without a break — none of these are evidences of true continuity, in the presence of recorded history. ' "When Oranmer rejected the authority of Borne, which his sixty-six predeces sors in the see of Canterbury had ac- knowledged, and declared that he accepted his office from the King "alone and no other," and that his authority as Primate was derived from the Crown : as that of previous occupants of the see j had been from the Pope ; and when , Henry, on April 8, 1541, by his royal j Letters Patent, " created" the archiep- | iscopal see of Canterbury, and granted to it " the insignia of an archbishopric" common sense, no less than the evidence of subsequent events, tells us that here was a new beginning. The throne of Augustine, founded by Gregory, after enduring for 940 years, was cast down I in the "dust, and In its place Henry i established another for Thomas Cran- l mer, the first Archbishop of the Pro- \ testant see of Canterbury. Nor is this all : as it was with Canterbury so was . it with the archiepiscopal throne of York. When,, in 1544, Edward Lee, the Arehbishop, died, the King not . only translated Bobert Holgate from I Llandaff to he northern Metropolitan See, giving him power to ordain, hold . Synods, make visitations, and generally \ granting him " all spiritual and ecclesi- ' astical jurisdiction," but by Royal Letters Patent be bestowed upon him an Archbishop's Pall, directing Cran- mer to invest him with it. This the Archbishop of Canterbury did in Janu ary, 1545, at. Lambeth, when he com posed a blessing for this new English Pall, and by a solemn parody of the old Caiholic form of investiture, placed it on Holgate's shoulders : " In honour ( of God, of the Blessed Virgin, of all | the saints, and of the most illustrious ' — .. J H- rT TTIIT It Tfl auu serene a mice, nenry Yin. it continuity there be here, surely it is but a continuity of names. But I see before me to-day evideuces of something more real — of a continuity which comes not from the mere abiding in temples made by hands, mere stones heaped up ; but from a faithful continu ance in that ancient Church founded by our Lord Himself, built up of living 6tones, the souls of faithful men — stones made precious and worthy of God's sanctuary by long jcars of persecution. 1 see before me those who hear names honoured, and rightly honoured, in the story of our country, but more honoured still by unswerving fidelity to the faith of their fathers. Yes, when our holy religion waB driven out from Lincoln and from Canterbury, from Si. Albans and Durham, it tcok refuge in the upper rooms of many a country monsion and many a sheltered farmstead. And there in obscuiity, in fear for life, was main tained in continuous, unbroken existence the Catholic faith, the Catholic practice, the Catholic life of England. Although the sacred and most necessary rites of religion were banned and proscribed und the very offering of Holy Mass was visitod with death, still, thanks be to God ! there never fni'ed those who pre ferred death in this mortal body to the dying-out in our country of this most sacred lamp of Faith. In these heroic souls was blended the most sublime devotion which can fill the heart of man \- — love of God and love of couutiy. For tell roe not these were not ardent lovers of their native land. If the exercises of the Catholic religion were proscribed in England, abroad — in foreign lands — they might still be obtained, but these men chose to suffer the loss of worldly goods, to be stretched on the rack, or to die the death of felons, that England should not be robbed of its Catholic inheritance. Thanks be to God ! their efforts, their self-sacrifices, in a cause which seemed desperate, has been blessed, for it is through them that we can rejoice to-day in that true unbroken continuity of the living souls of men united in the living Church of God. To all of you will doubtless occur the names of many a house that has never fnllen from the ancient faith — each one is a living evi dence of this sacred continuity. And to-day two names especially — those of our own Archbishop and of him who has brought the sacred Pall from Peter's shrine — must instinctively rise up in the minds of all, as telling of unvarying, unbroken fidelity to one and the same \- Holy Boman Catholic faith. Nay, speaking before this great as sembly, I know not whether I may ex press all that fills my mind, but this habit, which I wear — all unworthy that l am — tells me — tells you, brethren — it indeed material evidence be asked, that we and we alone possess that true con tinuity of Catholie life, which others now would fain enjoy. For from the day when Augustine first landed in England to the present hour, the Order of St. Benedict, proscribed as it was, ruined, scattered, was never driven from the land. Aye, this too is a witness of a continuity which caaries us back even beyond the days of the See of Canter bury, but carries us back like it only to tho See of Rome and the Chair of Peter whence at the command of Peter's suc cessor thirteen hundred years ago the children of St. Benedict came as the apostles of the English race. Thoughts such as 'these make lis realize the true import of this day's ceremony whereby our own Archbishop becomes the heir and representative of thai illustrious liue of prelates of the Church of Canterbury whose succession runs back more than two centuries be fore the foundation of the English, or if you will, Saxon, roonurchy. Has not Westminster been created in the place of Sr. Augustine's sec by the same auLhovity which first called Canterbury into existence ? Yes, this Pall, this narrow strip of woven wool, blessed by ' the hand of Peter's successor, is the I witness and the true title to unextin guished rights. The jurisdiction which, through it, St. Gregory conferred on i St. Augustine by the word of Leo, suc- j cessor of Gregory, now descends to you, | my Lord Archbishop, as heir to the j faith and authority of the first apoBtle 1 r\r /mii« i>nna j One word more. This morning my brethren, as our voices join in the joyous Te Deam, let all our soul go out with heartfelt thanks to our God, whose bving- kindness has preserved in us the faith of those gloriouB English saints, Augustine and Dunstan, Anselm and Thomas of Canterbury, and has kept us loyal to Rome, the centre of all Unity, the only sure foundation of Catholic truth. To Him, then, " to the King of ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honour and glory for ever and ever; Amen" (1 Tim., i., 17). After the 6ermon, the usual Indul gence and Blessing were accorded to the congregation by the Archbishop-Elect, and then the Mass proceeded without any further feature calling for special comment. Mass being over, the Archbishops and Bishops were vested in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop-Elect coming to the front of the high altar, and being I divested of his mitre, knelt at the feet 1 of the Papal Delegate, who sat on a faldstool in. front of the altar with a book of the Gospels open on his knees. Meanwhile the Pallium had been placed (Continued 011 page 9.) . ; _ ... _ , . . ; ! (Continued from page 4) on the rnid Jle of . the altar. The central moment of the day's ceremony was now arrived. The other prelates, the clorgy, | and the whole congregation, standing while the oath of allegiance was pro nounced, were witnesses of the solemn -terms in which Archbishop Vaughan renewed once more on English soil the traditional act of homage of the English Church to the Apostolic See, ending with the words that give to the protes tation the form of an oath ; "So help , me God and these His Holy Gospels." The formula used was that prescribed by Pius VII, on April 12, 1818, for Bishops in the British Empire, the text of which was given in our issue of last week. Then the Delegate rising, took the Pallium from the altar, and pot it round the neck of the still kneeling Arch- bishop, as the sacred badge of bis Metropolitan dignity and authority, pronouncing the formula of investiture as follows: " To the honour of Almighty God, the Blessed Mary ever Virgin, and the Blessed Apostles, Peter and Paul, of our Lord Pope Leo XIII., and of the Holy Roman Church, as well as of the Church of Westminster which has been enuusieu 10 inee, we deliver to inee me Pallium taken from the body of Blessed Peter in which is the fulness of the Pontifical office, together with the name and style of Archbishop, that thou mayst use the Pallium within thy own church on the appointed days, which are set down iu the privileges granted by the Apostolic See. In the name of the 'Ifl A I am n n J C i 1. A O A — « 1 J _ M J A A I A J UbUCl Ui UIJU OUU PJJ UilU Ui luo Holy |$| Ghost. Amen. Then clergy and congregation fell on their knees, and the Bishops bowed profoundly where they Btood, while the new Archbishop, with all the " fulness of the Pontifical office," rose up, and with his cross borne before him, pro nounced his benediction. Thus given, he took his seat upon his throne, and all the prelates, except the Papal Delegate, came up one by one to venerate the JTUiiiUUi Uli liio Uieud! lUt!J JWSOUU 1U standing, each vested in cope aud gold mitre ; it was perhaps the most impres sive scene of all that imposing ceremony. The veneration of the clergy followed, who came to the throne two and two and kissed the Pallium kneeling. Then the Bishop of Clifton carried it for veneration to the representatives of .Foreign Powers j after which the rest of the congregation began to range them selves rank by rank at the altar rails, the same prelate carrying it round to be kissed as a holy relic from the Tomb of the Apostles on which it had laid. At about half-past one the veneration was stopped, although a very small propor tion of the people had had time to partake in it. Meanwhile the clergy had sung the Decora Lux of Webbe, and the Oratory choir the Exaltabo te of " Palestrina. Also two English hymns composed for the occasion had been suug, the first entitled " St. Peter and England," words aud music by the Rev. F. 8taufield, and next "The Pallium," written by the fiev. Father Kent, O.S.C., composed by the Rev. Charles Cox, of the Pro- Cathedral, who most ably directed all the music of the cere mony. It may be mentioned here incidentally that the ceremonies them selves wore conducted by the Rev. George Cox of Wood Green and the Rev. Father Best of the Oratory. After the veneration of the Pallium, the stirring strains of the Te Deum rang through the great dome, as it was chanted by the whole body of the ch'rgy alternately with the Oratory choir. r "While it was being sung the clergy first and then the BishopB slowly formed in procession down the nave. While the Archbishop of Westminster intoned at the altar the prayers following the hymn of praise, the Bishops bowed with un covered bead, and then 'wearing their mitres preceded Archbishop Stonor and his assistants iu a solemn procession, which was closed by the newly-invested Metropolitan, his Canons, vested in chasubles, walking between ii is Grace and the archiepiscopal cross. The pro cession wound Blowly up the north aisle and as it passed into the sacristy the impressive and consoling ceremony came to an end. In the evening, a dinuer v. as given at the Archbishop's House, at which all the Bishops were guests, along with the foreign representatives of- countries holding diplomatic" relations with" the Holy See, while both Houses of Parlia ment, the past and present Governments, the Judges and other important bodies were numerously represented. At 9 p.m. a general levee of the Catholic clergy and gentry was held at which the spacious reception rooms were densely crowded. 