THE BARBER'S GHOST, YNight was colning on apaco; a piercing east wind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of suow, which were descend ing so as conipletely to obliterate all traces of the path throughl a lonely moor, over which a traveller was journeying, with the hope of reaching a village, wher he intended to relmain for the night: Ioe was an entire stra.,ger in those parts, and such \w?a tlhe nature of the country that, under thei most favourable circumstau he would have expcrienccd some dillj in threading the mazes of the wi triet lie had to traverse. Ini this lileuinnl, as his only rei lie committed himself to the guitida his horse, concludingr that the initit the nohleanimal was miuch betterad t, tie lemcrgencly thllin.his ownl rias wihlered as it was. The faithful an g.cious creatre e fully justificd tle c tlence reporlel in hiln; lie pursued course steadily, but cautiously, and in few hlous the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. Ily this time, lie was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the crc.aton," on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead than alive, arrived at a venerable and spacious-looking mausion, which ap peared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still ro Inaining. Itowever, as lights appeared in the win ilows, anld sounds of revelry were heard froim within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himsclf of the kniocker to atn inource his:; arrival; and after a short in terval, the door was oel;ced. ttudge his surprise and satisfaction at findling himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern iunlproivemenit been converteld into a stable yarnd, for the accotlrnlodation of horses. jSolme parts of the castle itself -for such it was-were transformled into coumforltable accounuodations for travel lers. many of whom were inow safely housed, -ccurC fiiom the pelting of the pitilesA t iltu;l. Our trarveller was with difficulty de tached from his horse, andt was shown into the spacious kitchen, liI the ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensiinis, but not before his grotesque appearance had.alflirded uamol) ilerriment to the guests who were ca rnsing there. .As our guest was a wag andl a hutlorist, Irhe avowed t, himself that lie woull be even with them for their mis timed jokes ; and lie was as good as his word, as you will see. After iaying a visit to his trusty steed, and sceig Lhim well fed alls foddcred, he inquired of the landlady if ihe could be ac couunodated with a hell for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that the roomus were all engaged, except one apart' meit into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be hanultr I by the spirit of alt unfortunate b iu',r, who had cut his throat there some titl, weeks before ; since which catastrophe the roomll was iegarded with so mtuch dread that not a servant in the house co.'.1 be persuaded to enter it. Our traveller was not a uoan to be urri fied by the idle fears of ghosts ;and as it was out of the question to budge that night, lie expressed his deterimination to sleep in "the-Jtannted chaml?- ai~iT-a-" thought which crossedt his mind confirnedi his resrolution. The ditticulty was to pre vail upon the servanits to eunter the room to make a lire and prlelre a bed; but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded themn to enter in a bn&ly;, headling and encouraging them him self. At length, everything was arranged for the accommoldation of the rash and prresutlpturlious stranger, as le was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after piartakinr of a hearty supper, ordered his ,bottle and pipe to ire carried up-stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, andt to question hint about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented him from resting quietly in his grave. The landlandlady, who alhnired the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash ness, bade him "lood night," with " Ileaven bless you, sir," which she uttered in a tone of lisgiving rather thall hope, as if she doubted whether site would ever see lhin again. Our traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the issue very composedly. The clock struck twelve, the high change hour of ghosts. but no spirit ap peared. The storml had now increassed to a perfect hurricaie, anl the guests seemed resolved to sit it out, as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our traveller had, dur:ng the night, heard fre (luent allusions made to himself, sonie of the company wondering what woult be coime of hiim when thle castle bell should toll one, which was .tie signal for the ghost to appear. This was news for our tra veller which he did not fail to turn to im mediate advanttage, by setting about his preconceivel design of acting the part of ghost himscilf. With this view, ihe converteild oue o his sheets into a vcery applropriate spectral roble, around his neck le tiend a red garter, to riepresgqnt thie sorund ittlicteld by the dccased Ibarber on his: throat. .L piece of btutnt cork era bledl him to dlisguise iris fice asidicrender it sutificiroutly hideous; ald,'to crown all, a niighlt-cap with a large tassel, witllh death's head tnd crOss-bones representedl in front Iby moans of the aforesaid burut cork. It was 1ow oi the stroke of one; tlinr, ats if to seconid his views, the comnpany wera just then 'intent on their game; there was not a miutte to Ibe lost; sometlhing, Ihowevler, lwas ineleded to complete his costume. Ihe thought the spirit of the Iarber could niot be emore apriropriately equippedl tthan vithi a razor ill one hIaul altl a slhaving-box ill tile othler. Ilis ortmanteau soon supplied these recquisite allppendlages, when it slld dlenly occurrlc.l to him that it' would greatly heighiten the effelct if lar'inrg spirit were substit ulst tedl for the ordinalry lather. Thie remrallnt in the bottle readily furnised hiit writhl the intIaruiaile lather. Conlceive hlim readrly for action, awaitingihe awful signal firom the castle tunrlet. It sounded at length, and ourn ghost, having lighted up thie ethereal contents of his lather-blox, stalked out of tlle rooml with a hearvy tread. 'Thre atlallge sollnd aird the ominous toll of the bell instantlv iput ali ei to atll noise alnd reveiily amongst the. terriledl gamblers. With one kick the slrectre forcedl olpenll the door, al'1 plre sented himinself to the horror strickenl coln pany. 'The ghost deenmedr it Irudent ltch to. ulow themli to rally their senses; but us a clilmax to thi scciee, holding. the mzor "in ote hand and thle shaving box illn tle other, ilila dntep, loliolw voice, said, " Will you be har\eed i" Threre is somethiug suflicienltly dlisa greeable in the sight of a naked razora brandished in a monacingattitude, but the idea of beineg shaved-by a ghost, and brushed with inllanumable lather, is too much for hulani nerves. taho comLpany all rose in an instant ; and, as there was fortunatcly a back door in the riom lead ing to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stopping tuntil they reacled the bottom, where they lay sprawling iu speechless terror. M?eanwhile the ghost was not idleo; his robe served as an apron, into which Ihe collected all the money on the table. lie then extinguished the caundles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered friom their fright would be superlluous to re late ; sultice it to say, that at last they retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the Inpo y they had left behitnd them, in the apart ineut where the ghost so unexpectetlly il terrupted their revelry. The next mlorlning our traveller in vain rang his bell for the waiter; not a soul in the house dared atlsier thesummons; and wheli he at lengthl lattil his appearanllce below, all seemted to shrink from his pro setce as if it were a second supernLatural visitation. lie called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and lie was surveyed at a distaince witn glances of suspicion antl dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuadilng the ladllady, who was a woman of good underattl Ldiing, that Ih w;t' the identical stratgeio whv o "had slept in the hattitel chambler, and that hle was really Ilesl andl bluood, audl not a ghost. This assurance he conlirmedi by a cordial shake of the haln, accompanied Iby a good natured laugh uat the fears which his atp pearance had occasioned. The good lady at lellgth slitumiioined courage to etter into cioversation with him, and inqutired hou lie had passed the night. "Never better," was the reply. ' )id you hear nothing I" " Nothing," lie replied. " Nor see aiythinig I" l \Yhy, yes," said he, witl al air of in diflbrence; "itn impudent secouidlrel of a larber popped his he.tl into tiy roonmi at one o'clock ill the uoruting, and asked if I wanltel to be shaved. I situppo ed tihe fellow was drutik, and so I kicked himtitt downu stairs, and fell adleepl again." .As the weather continued temlestuous, the guests retained in their ilugu ters to tldinner : aud our traveller ilired them at the table. The conver.attiout lttturally turnedl to the occurrence of the' lreccditn eveningt;tanid the hero of the tdle wias ituch a:rlusedl at the dillieret't accoun)lts givenl of the ghost. Chin insistled that it was that of the harber tmoot anquelstion ably, as lie was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that althougu hlie had never seent thte barber while liv ing, lie had seen a capital likentess of him, and that it Ivts as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that tihe Fire caume from his moutil atid nstrils, and that his voice resetmbled that of the un fortunate mani who had coinititted suicile in the chamber which his troubled spirit nigiitly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per mission to be heard, thus addressed the iintpaiy - "utientleimen, I love i joke as well as any man ; but a joke mtay be carried too far ; and as the belief in ghosts is as ab surd as it is mischievous, I stolh Iie sorry that we shoull part'without anl ex pluliationt . liholdl here before you. gentle mien, the identical ghou.,t bhat spread such consternlationl alllllng yo When I on tered this inn last uight-ou wcreepeasedL. to Ti very lierry at tny eSjxIpse: au ias r always give a Itolan I for an Oliver, i vowedl woutl Ile revenged. The idle rI po:rt of the ghost ill the iatitel chittitu; sitggestedl t, tme the scheme I lpactise I witjh so mticht success. If you tdoubit mIn word, geltlentun, biehotld the imontey yot left hbeitd in yvur. hurry, iuid which 1 bitre ofd with the inteution of restoring to you, as I now do." .As lie said this, lie utiflded a liandker chie.f and deposited the gold ultn, the table. The eplahnatioM, aecouuijuiie as it was Iby the unexpected recovery of thit cash, p)roduIed it univer-al loatr of laughter. 'L'The guests shook the tra veiler by the haul, heartily thantking him for a lessonl thuay should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 