ST. ANN'S, STRATHFIELD. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE'. The foundation-stone of a new church, which is being erected for the congregate n of St Ann's, Strathfield and Homebush, was laid } yesterday afternoon by his Excellency the Gover nor. On arriving at Homebush station Lord Jersey was received by the Mayor (Alderman Hinchcliff) and conducted to the scene of the ceremony, an excellent site at the intersection of Homebush- road and Beresford-street Here there was a large gathering of those connected with the congregation and others, the clergy present being the Primate (Dr "Saumarez Smith), Archdeacon Gunther , Canons mediums, Sharp, Moreton, and King the Revs. A H Bartlett, T R Regg, S Hungerford, A Yarnold G P D Priddle, Dr Harris, C Baber (RD), and H I Rose (incumbent) There were also several ministers of other denominations present The service was conducted by the incumbent, and the Primate addressed a few words of exhortation nobiidthoy should take care that, as they laid the foundation-stone of their church in the faith of Christ, they did not let their interest in the building die out in the mere ceremony of the day He asked them to strengthen one another's hands in the we oak in which they were engaged, a work in which the greatest liberality, co-operation, and patience were necessary His Excellency, who was presented with a mallet and silver trowel, suitably inscribed, then laid the stone, " In the name of the rather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," and while the hive of, " Christ 13 our Corner Stone, was crossing an offer- tory was collected. Lord Jersey then in a few words congratulated the members of the Church of England in Strathfield upon the starting of their new church building. He trusted it was oil Id be of immense serv ice to the cause of true religion in the land. It was well that as the people increased in numbers ample provision should be made for religious teaching and for public w worship But it was of 110 used to erect uno churches unless they were to be occupied and he sincerely trusted that it could never be said of their church flint though the building was there the people were absent The proceedings closed with the singing of the "National Anthem," and with three cheers for the Queen and for the Governor An adjournment was afterwards made to the parsonage, where afternoon. tea was provided The following is 1 description of the building which it is proposed to erect -Only a portion of the church will be erected at present It will consist of a nave (54ft. by 32ft ), with unless either side, and two perches, and will accommodate about 300 'the total cost, including site, will be £3100 Of this sum £1100 has been already subscribed, and a further sum of 450 10s was Hid 011 the foundation-stone The complete church is estimated to cost £6200, and will comprise-a have (78ft x "left ), with aisles, two transepts chancel (32ft to. 33ft ), morning cb and, two vestries, c and there will also he a tower and spire 132ft high The building will seat about 1 50 -hostages architecture is Early English, and the building will be of brick, with brick and stone dressings The architects are Messrs Sulman and Power, and the contractor is Mr Robson. 