BROKEN-HILL WATER SUPPLY- THE RIVAL SCHEMES. ANOTHEK DEPUTATION TO THE PllEMIER. CHARGES AGAINST MR. MoKINNEY, CHIEE ENGINEER. A deputation representing the Broken-hill and District Water Supply Company waited upon the Premier at .Parliament House yes terday, in connection with their amending bill, which provides for an extension of time for carrying out the work of furnishing a water supply for Broken-hill. The deputa tion consisted of Mr. G. If. Cox, M.L.C., Mr. R. JL D. White, M.L.C., Mr. J. C. Noild, M.r., Mr. 11. Stockdnle, Mr. J. K. Pueblos, Mr. Henry Wcstcott, Mr. G. F. B. Haueox, Mr. George Adams, Mr. J. Moc- laciilan and Mr. F. Fuilwood (secretary to the company). Mr. fSlattery, Minister for Mines and Agriculture, was present with Mr. Dihbs. Mr. Cox said-tlic Premier no doubt already knew a good deal of the matter and it would not bo necessary to say very much on tlio subject, lie (Mr. Di bus) had heard one aide of the question, and ho was also in the House when tiic hill of the company which the de putation represented was passing through, about two and a iiaif years ago. He gave that bill substantial support. Tho works wero delayed- from no fault of tlio company. The eompanyshad tried their best to carry the thing through, but they were blocked iu every possible way for a reason none of them could find out. Tho first objection taken by tho Mines De partment was as to whore they were going to get water from. Anyone knowing anything of the river knew — and the Minns Depart ment having their officers alongside tbem to report could have ascertained — where tlio water was to come from. Enormous quanti ties of water came down the Darling every year and filled both Lake Speculation and Lake Menindie. >Sleps were taken to im pound tho llood waters of tho Darling in these lakes. They had allowed the llood waters of the Darling free access to 'Lake Speculation and had then impounded them, and there was now some millions of gallons of water impounded in Lake Speculation at tlio cost of this company. Mr. Dinus : At what cost? Mr. Cox: Five or six hundred pounds. In addition, a considerable amount of money was spent in taking levels and marking (out tho line to Broken- hill, and having surveys of the laud required. The Mines Department then said that thoy had not been satisfied as to whore the water was to coinc from. This seemed extraordinary, because they had already given the Stephen's Creek Company some 200 miles of country without making inquiry as to where their water was to come from, whereas they (the deputation) knew it only came from Lhu clouds. Tho water already impounded in tho lakes by the action of the company represented by the deputation amounted to four or five years' supply at a low estimate. However, for some reason or another, they could never satisfy the Mines Department as to where the water was to come from. The Mines Department said, 44 You haven't laid out your land." But they had (lone all that they could do, viz., put pegs in, as a selector did. Thoy could nob survey the lands at that juncture. This, however, was apparently not satisfactory. The Mines said it had not been distinctly stilted where the lands wero. The next ob jection was that thoy had not supplied plana. They did supply plans — tho same plans as those which were sufficient to enable both Houses and the select committee to pass the bill. Tins plans wore on precisely tlio same lines as those prepared by the Government for a new line of railway, showing levels and everything. These plans, however, were not satisfactory to tho Mines Department. They could never get any satisfaction from the Klines Department. As an instance of the causes of delay, there was six months' delay over the word "of" which had crept in in a certain place. This was bandied aoout from one office to another, until eventually the then Attorney-General, Mr. .Simpson, said it was immaterial. All that time the company could do nothing. They could not go on the land until the sanction was given by the Minister. Thoy were mere trespassers, and from first to last they were debarred from taking any action in tho 'natter by tho per sistent opposition of the Mines Department. Mr. McKinney, tho Chief Engineer, went to Broken-hill, saw the company's engineer, ami expressed himself perfectly satisfied with what ',3 had seen. Yet, when fie returned to tlic "city, lie wrote a report directly anta gonistic to the company. He (Mr. Cox) did hot like to use too'Strong an expression, bub . this report of Mr. McKinney's seemed to bo dictated by someone antagonistic to their company. As to the Stephen's Creek scheme, a large amount of money had been squan dered in that scheme. About £30,000 or £40,000 had been expended in works, but. tJie total expenditure of tho Company had been £168,000. There wore several other schemes, and these were bought up by the Stephen's Creek Company. That; company would be saddled with this £168,000 to start with in bringing water from the Darling River to Stephen's Creek. The company represented by the deputation had arranged a direct line JlOHl Llii J.'ill iliip) ami it sat, vuuai i/l- h"' Luned for a service reservoir above the town of SVillgania to give a good pressure. Tho site for" tlio reservoir had been pegged out and trial holes sunk. Everything had been done that could be done, and it was no fault of the company that the matter had not been gone into. The delay was owing solely to tho persistent objections of tho Mines De partment. They had so far spent altogether about £4000 or £5000 on the works, and had for months mst been prepared to go on and complete. He (Air. Cox) might mention that the people who were now crying out for tho Darling Rivet scheme cried it down at first as too costly and useless. They (the original objectors) had, however, found their scheme useless, and now they wanted to take advan tage of the foresight, enterprise aud work of the original promoters, and leave them out fit tlio cold. He thought thoy had been treated very hardly iu the matter. The bill for the extension of time to carry out tho work had been approved by the select com mittee and the Council, and had butfn sent down for tho approval of the Assembly. They now ollercd to undertake that the whole work should bo ooinxdeted within 12 mouths. Air. Hancock also asserted that the com pany had been blocked by tho Alines and Water Conservation Department. They could not get any specific information from tlio Department as to what they wore short in supplying. They had asked that Air. M'Kinuey might be allowed to attend in his office and point out the defects iu tho infor mation supplied, but that was denied them. Ho supported Mr. Cox's statement as to the expenditure of the Stephen's Creek Com pany. It had been said by some people that tlio company represented by tho deputation had been formed for the purpose of dealing with shares, but the secretary could show that there were not threo transfers on the register. The whole speculation was in the Stephen's Creek scheme. The Premier had recently been waited upon by gentlemen having at heart exclusively the interests of tho mines, whereas tho present company proposed to supply a proper water supply lor the inhabitants of jirokcti-hill. There was no comparison between the two schemes. Stephen's Creek was an unproved specula tion, entirely dependentupon a thunderstorm. And when they got their rain there would be groat loss from soaknge. Air. Dtniis: What has all this to do with your company? What lias all this to do with tho Government if tho price of. water supplied to the inhabitants is 15s in your bill and 5s the thousand gallons in the other ? Air. Hancock: I should like to know if they will adhere to the 5s. Air. Dusus: They will get no bill if they don't. Air. Hancock : Tho reason why 5s was fixed for water supplied by Stephen's Creek was because the construction of tho works would cost a small amount in comparison with tho other. Tho reason why a higher rate was permitted to this company — but not necessarily to bo charged — was because they had to go 56 miles to the river for tho water, and to pub up extensivo pumping machinery at great cost. Mr. Diims : What will yours cost? Air. Hancock : Ours will cost £350,000. Air. Hums: And theirs? Air. Hancock: Theirs is expected to cost £450,000. Mr. Diuns : Then you should bo able to supply water cheaper than them. Mr. Hancock : A company cannot mako it pay at 5s a thousand gallons. They only asked for the same consideration as had been given to the Stephen's Creek scheme. They were willing to givo tho same guarantees, and to put down money to carry out their scheme. Their schema was to supply tho inhabitants and not alone the mines. He asked the Minister to consider the two schemes and to decide whether a direct supply from the river was nob better than the other proposal. Air. Xtoukpau:, the original promoter of tho scheme, said he imd mot Air. ADKinnoy at Menindie and had had two hours' conver sation with him. They went through ( the whole affair, and he (Air. Xtockdale) offered to drive him over the locality of the pro posed works, but Air. Al 'Kinney said he was satisfied. Air. Dimw: He had sufficient information to make liis report upon ? Mr. Xtockpai.b : Yes. Air. Dnw.s: And you say he said ho was perfectly satisfied, and Mr. Cox has told uu tbab he prepared au antagonistic report. These two statements givo and inference amounting to a charge against Air. M'Kinuey. ... r-n Mr. Stockdaie: I won t infer it > . ill make it on oath. Mr. Dliibs: Go on then. The bolder the better. Mr. Stockdalk : I distinctly mako tno charge that Atr. AI'Kinney'a report was not honest or fair in this matter. He said ho was satisfied and then reported against it. I aui prepared to make the same statement on oalh. Mr. Cox said thoy feltf very much a£- 1 grieved that the party who ridiculed their scheme as impracticable wauted the Govern ment to now leave thcin out in the cold and to take advantage of their forseight. Air. Njuli) poiutod out that the amending bill simply needed tho sanction of the Assembly, and if that wore obtained tho works „could be started forthwith. There was no time this session to put through both Houses tho new bill introduced tho previous day. Air. Sr.ATTKKY mentioned that he was not the Alinister in charge of the Alines Depart ment at the time this delay was alleged to have occurred, and ho was therefore not responsible, but as an officer of the depart ment had been attacked ho would like to usk Air. iStoukdalc one or 'two questions. First, What was the amount of capital subscribed by the shareholders of this company? Air. Sroou'PALKi £5000 Air. .Sbattbuy : Was it not a fact that tho sale of the- rights and powers of this compauy was entrusted to Atr. Hollhung, to be sold on the London market V Air. Stuck daub: Yes. Air. Si«\ttury : And were not these rights also placed in the hands of Air. Gardiner, of Sydney, to be sold. Air. '.Stockdalu : Yes. Air. iSlattkry : Out and out? Air. Stockdalb : Yes ; out and out. Atr. Slattkry; Was a properly signed plan sent into the Department at any time ? MivStockdalk : Yes ; a proper plan. Air. fc>LATrEBY : Was the whole £5000 paid in ? Ah. Stockdale : About £5000. Air. Hancock said that in Oetober, 1830, the money was available in England for tliis scheme, if the company had had the sanction. All. Dnms : That is a big statement, xou should be careful what you say. Air. Hancock : I think I am right in saying that a telegram was received from Mr. Hoft- nung stating that the money was there if ap proval wore secured. Air. Diims: This affair is getting more complicated, and I should like you to be care ful about, it. Air. Hancock': I am informed that the money was telegraphed out to us subject to approval and the securing of exteuslou of time. Air. Duuis said lie presumed that all that was to be said had been said j but ono thing was missiug— what was the object of the deputation ? Mr. Cox : The object is to ask you to further the interests of this company by passing through the Assembly the amending bill already passed through the Council. Mr. Duuis said that he had heard all that had been said on both sides, and had had a long conversation the other evening with Mr.' tilockdale, when all details had been gone into. He had been informed, however, that 1 the proprietors of this company had not moved with sullieient vigor in the matter of getting possessed of the rights conferred by the hill. The conclusions he had arrived at in reference to this company's, bill were these : First, that they had an imperfect bill ; secondly, that tho late Alinister for Alines had exceeded his powers in demanding from tho compauy that which he should not iiavc demanded of them. But tlio company could have put this right by using tho courts to get the rights they were entitled to under tiie bill. They had rested a good deal on tlicir oars, there was no doubt of that, and they gave color thereby to the theory that they had more an idea of selling than an in- tentiouof earryingwatcrto Broken-hill. They might say that tho project was more of a speculative character than of intention to carry out the supply of water to Broken-hill in pure good faith. Air. Cox : I join issue with yon there. Mr. Dutns : Tho gentlemen who held tho rights under this bill slept upon them to a large extent and hence delayed the bringing of water to Broken-hill. lie was not going to enter into any discussion as to the Stephen's Creek Company. He knew, how ever, that they undertook to supply water at 5s a thousand gallons, and that the company represented by the deputation proposed to charge 15s a thousand. This latter company had done nothing for two years. They hud slept upon their oars. Air. Cox : No. Atr. Duuis : Yes; you knocked at the door, but did not proceed to get your rights, because a lion stood at the door. But he wus nob going to sit iu censure on Air. Slnttcry's jnedeccsW, nor could ho arbitrate between the companies. Ho did not bother himself about the mines so much, but the Stephen's Creek Company proposed to put beyond question the permanent supply of water in that dry dist rict. He did not feel inclined to go further than that. Air, Cox, however, had made an inferential charge against Air. ADKinnoy, and Air. Stoekdalc had been much stronger in his charge. Air. AI'Kinney would have to be given an opportunity of replying, and the wholo matter could then be considered. Tho Government would be no mrtv to brimniig into law the bill of the company so long as they retained this charge of 15s per 1000 gallons in face of tlio Stephen's Creek bill with a charge of 5s per 1000 gallons. Their hill had not the ghost of a cimnce, and ho should feel called uj)on to oppose it for the reason mentioned, forfei tures had been arranged for if the Stephen's Creek Company did not proceed with their work as rapidly as they had undertaken to do, and if tno work were not completed with in 12 months the whole of the rights given in their bill would be forfeited. Tho only thing that interested tho Government was the securing of water. Tho Stephen's Creek Company may have stolen tho Broken-hill and District Water Supply Company's clothes while thoy wore bathing — for thoy hud been bathing and going to sleep over it- hut the Government had nothing to do with that. It appeared to him that the junction ot tho Stephen's Creek Company with tho mine companies would get through tho work sooner than others. Ho did not know how the Broken-hill and District "Water Supply Company's Bill got through with such a high enurgc for water. Ho was told ho helped to pass it, but he could luing him self iu a pillory for passing such a high churgo for water. The Government had not the slightest personal feeling in this matter — they only wanted to secure water for Broken- hill. Air, Cox : I venture to say they will never get the water if there is only a charge of 5a a thousand gallons. Mr. Di nus: Well, tliey will forfeit their rights. Mr. Hancox: Aud Broken-hill people will get no water. Mr. Dimw: Well, a fair rejoinder to that is that for two years you have had a bill and have rested on your oars. They said that they had been blocked, but if they wero they had not dono what thoy should have doue. If they were blocked in tho Alines Depart mcnt they might havo goue to the Cabinet. However, ho promised to make a full in quiry. He would ask Air. Slattery to go into the whole question de novo , and he would ask Air. ADKfimcy to reply to tho statements that had been made, and then the whole matter would have close and fair considera tion. But lie would point out that between 5s and 15s per lOOOgals. there was a conside rable gap. 