? ? ^hrtnenj. OY FRAN 1C MOflLEY. ' CHAPTKR XX. Tk z driver, who hod been an attentive ? ?wmvoe of tlio little epi.'odo just related, showed coowdorublo indications of ncrnlexitv to hia fuco; however, lie said uotliimr, but ?droro 011, nud iu about half-an-hour pulled up at a decent looking roadside public-house, which: was dignified by the mmio of the Travellers' Itr-sl Hotel. Tho coach changed, horses It ore, and re mained about it i|utirtcr of tm hour for v refreshments. :Tho (iro-ealiug captain wits himself again. Ho hud ofttou and hu had drunken j and ouco tnoro tho eld Adam waa iu tho ascendant. Tho potent whiaky. of tho Traveller#* Kent, dispcobcd by a pretty barmuid, hud roused his warlike spirit to tho atioking or tho uhpotiuij point. Perhaps ho had received ; soino private information from tlio barmaid, ?j lyho was ovideiitly htruek with hi? perfections. ? ' Sho may havo assured biin tbat buah ...... ^angora wbro. unknown about tho district, 1 : and that tho only danger he was likely to experience v/rt& from tho arrows of tho wieked little bliud god, Cupid. At all events, Captain BlometUo wils roar . . ing liKe ono of the lions ho -was so fond of \- killing whon he sojourned in Africa. 11 \V ho (tares for your paltry eow-catching bushrangers ? ? Let them show themselves now while' thero is suflicicnt daylight ..to draw a bead upon their cowardly \--1* carcasses. What a .miserable lot of road . , ecraping, loo- seuppor-browsing, deckswab bing eona of—' 'Bail up!' said a deop voieo on* the larboard stdo of the gallant captain. 'Hold up your hand* J' said Another voice i to hid tight-,. I Tho captain looked from ono to the other. On either side of him was a etrange figure ' covered with a horao cloth, and having on its I .head a sort of helmet made out of an old nail 1 can. All tho passenger.! had taken their places *ith tho exception of the ladies, and Tom :Purchmi'itt and tho littlo man in green : j spectacles, , '-I'l'o valorous eaptnin ceased liia roaring lnstanUv, lie no longer ( hi ruled for tlio . .. . blood of bushrangers. He ratlior longed . ;. for a quiet hole whore lie could hide himself. ? „ . ? Tho revolver which be had been nourishing V . . ...fell from Ilia lmr.cl and. ho looked as like a washed-out dish-clout as it is possible for a numan being to look. Tho bushranger on his right beekoncd him'dowu from the top of , tho coach, as Hamlet's father's ghost beckoned Hamlet's fatherV aon from tho . ramparts of Klsinoro; and tlio captain' followed him, while the glittering eye of the knight of. the nail can apparently had tho -v... .same offect upon his victim that the eye of the ancient mariner had upon the wedding In tho rear of the establishment wa's a . . , room that served as a sort of dead-house, . : whoro drunken bushmeu were bestowed to 1 , ? sloop ofT tho effects of their debauch on bad liquor — whon all their money waa spent. t Into this delectable abode Captain Btomo^ tifco was thrust, au-1 the key turned upon ; ? ?? . him. .Upon tho return oi the first bushranger, ( ho took off hia , helmet and revealed thu ?.5 . ferocious oountonaneo of — tho man in green speotaolofl. H.ta mate was no other thau Tom Purohment ; and they wore proceeding to explain that, as Captain Bloinotito'a room \- 'was hotter than liia company, thoy had adopted this mild titmtogem to got rid of him— when two ominous-looking figures wore observed skulking mysteriously round tho oornerof the verandali. On thoir bcada was tho orthodox nail enn, without which Australian bushrangers . uovor think of venturing iutb tho light of day. Ono of them carried ii liugo weapon, 1 ' which looked libo a fowling pieco of Goliath of Gath — if snoh h~d been used in tho days ?v: \ of that uucirowmeiaod Pliiliatiuo, but which waa, in reality, an abomiuablo pioce of ocdnauoo whioh tho Philistines of i«port oalls a duok guu. Thin frightful death* t .dealing1 oontrivmico (which' bearrt about tho ? flnmo rotation to au ordinary gun, 3hat Gargautua*fl innro'tf tail boara to the caudal appondago of au ordiuary horno) takes for ita usual charge about live' ouucob of powdor, nud two pounda of bhot. . Now, ua'.u modern broech-loador, audi as : Bportemon uso, roquire.H a ohargo of . ? about three drama of powdor and au ouueo of bhot, it will bo scou that we are not exag gerating iu our oomparisou, although wo aro aHSured by that earoful hititoriau, llabelaia, ? that tho aforesaid mnro (which u was as big aa.six elophanta'), had a tail 14 littlo moro or, loBathuu overy whit no great aa tho Bteoplo of ; Baiut Stark.' It ia not to bo wondorod at, thou, that ? v -.v. ? ? whon Tom Parehineut «a\v this diabolioul eontzlvanco, with n boro threy inchoH in I diametor, end it barrel ton feet lougr, pointing \- at him, and within three feot of bi» breast, ho Hhould.feel inclined to obey the commau^B of tho boater of thia perauaBivo iuHtrmneut, v . . ? when, in a Hepulehral tone, rendered inotb hldooua by tlio vibration of tho tin pot on . ? hia head, ho commanded him to — r . » ° Bail up V It ia not to bo Hupposod that Tom .Paroh ???-??? mont had any partioutar debiro to havo two poundjj of buck ahot lodged in hia viboeral rogion; aud yet ho could net altogether roconellu himaen to bailing- up without ii Btrugglo. Ho looked at hia antagonist, nud «aw hia oyoa gloaming through a ???Blifc- in tho nail can with that pecu liar glaro that alwaya indicatea tho ? ?? . ruthless and enngmmuy- marauders of tho Australian bush. Ho glnnccd ab his com panion in distress — the man in tho green ?l ' : BpectacloB. Seeing him looking Bteadfantly ut tho corner of tho liouso, his eyes natnralljr -y-v - followed tho oamo direction, and there he ob . uur.vod tho barrel of another , gun, with unothor bushranger behind it, who had as sumed tho usual and customary attitudo which au Irish Land Leaguer assumes, quite naturally, when his landlord comes for hia ront. But Tom I'archmont was at a different anglo from his friend, and, in fact, Jjo could flco a littlo bit round tho cornoiv It struck hiui that tho second gun hud a vory. ancient look*} and, glancing along tho barrel, liia qui ok oyo detected that it had no cap on, and t that it u as, in fact, deficient of a nipplo. . ?? ?..?. ..? This discovery made him think tliat poa eibly tbo gun pointed at him had the eamo . pecuhjirity ; but ho found, on looking at it, that it waa capped in propor order, and thut it was, moreover, at full eoclc. Tho bushrangeya, began now to bo im patient, aud, with the moat frightful impro citiona and curses, commanded Tom to turn out hia poeketa and hand -over all hi3 valuables. ; A third bushraugor now mado hi a appear v. -..' ? . nnoe, but ho had no gun, and hia duty was to do tho ntooling part of tho buaiueaa, while tbo- armed bubhranger.s hold tho victims covored with their weapona. Tom, expOHtulatiug with tho inau in front / . of hiin, naked, him to bo good enough to turn lwido tlio muzzle of hia gun. i _ 41 My friend,' ho aaid, V I am fluro yon do *j fc**' ,v- ? -nob want feo csmmit au uunecessary murdur. ? ' ;v:' . All you. want ia the money, which, of coiivwi, you ahaJl havo. If your ?ingcra were toflip it would blovv a holo through u\o aa blg as a b.irn door. looking at it lrom tlio point of View oi tho welfare of your honourably pro fession, unnecciaary bloodshed ia ulffaya a mietake.' Buahnmgera aro not, as a rulo, very muoh given to converaation, although^ in vomauccs, ( they ocoaHionully indulgo iu ypoeohea uh long aa tlioso with whieh the . lieroea of Hoiuor'a . i' llhad aro credited ; but it i.s ah7«y« ho3t to | ./f- f: fitiek to aimplo, plain fautu, aud what tho ; -. .. bushranger replied t.y Tom waa biuiply : ' 14 Stov/ your «:afl, and hliellOut.V But Tom-l/arehinent had gained hia ond, | \ ?? for the hugo uuu waa of such a inoufttrouo i..-' . wolght tliat the villain heldiug it tvaa obliged : to drop ihe muzzle lor a moment while ho I ? * . took a rcat. Thus was Torn Piirchmont'a ' :? ' opportuuitT; nuU, unking a jump from tho I box-5cnt, ho tanaea wun oocu icc- ««ir u^on tho fihouldera of his enemy. ' Thu shock bent the bufthranger sprawling, and tbo duck j*un went off wit hauchatcrrifto roar that tho horses took fright, aud turning auddculy round tmupped ono of tho swiuglo trocs; and overturning tho coach, «ont thoso of the paHaengera who had already taken their beata rolling into tho middle of tho road. CHAPTER XXI. Thu ousiirun^or, upon whoso shoulder Torn had lighted from tho box-seat of tho coach, did not exactly consider him aa a feathered Alercury ; but tho villain was up again in an instaut, and, to remind him that lie was only mortal, Tom let him havo ono between the oyea, straight from. tho shouldor, knoekiug him down again— a littlo piece of high art which waa rendered poa-fiblo by tho fact that tho nail can — which had concoaled, if not adorned, hia featuroa — had rolled ofi' at tho first concussion. Tom now turned hia attcntion-to tbo man round the corner, who waa making off uo fast aq a rather* frhaky pair of legs could carry him. After a run of about Fifty yards ho mado n capturo and brought back buah rauger number two aa tho captivo of hia bo\7 ana spear— or, rattier, ot his lega and arms. In tho meantime tho fellow who had pro posed doin# the robbing part of tho business was showing a oloan pair of heels and would speedily havo been tho victor in a goas you- please matoh but for tho opportuno arrival of a horseman who at that moment Dautoredup. This horseman was no other than our old friend, Jim 'Walker ; and to explain his appearance it is ouly necessary to remind the reader that hia station, known a3 Tablctop, containing about 30,000 acres, adjoined tho road. Tho . homestead was only about fivo miles from 'where tho coach stopped, and Jim had oomo down to meet tho coach from tho city. When about three hundred yards away ho had been an attentive observer of tho occurrenco- just related; and clapping spurs to his horse ho soon caught up to the follow endeavouring to escape, who sur rendered' unconditionally ; tho rather that : muoh beer- awiping' and idleness had mado him short wiuded. I It is not to be supposed that all this timo I tho littlo man iu spectacles was idle. Being a light- weight tho overturning of tho coach had sent him flying about ten yards away ; but ho stuck maufully to his revolver (which, by the way, when examining, ho had emptied, as he had all tho othors — so as to. avoid accidents as ho said), and now rushing up to buBhrangor number ono, who had again rison after his knock down, bo clapped tho empty pistol to his car, and commanded him, in stentorian tones, to— 'Bail up!' — a oommand which tho demoralised ruflian incontinently obeyed. Upon investigation tho three buahrangors ; turned' out to bo tlirco drunken awagmon, who, /when thoy wero not travelling about tlio country pretending to look for work, wero loafing about tho various townahipy ' ehephordiug' tho station hands, who camo in to ' knock down' their cheques. Theoo gentlemen had beon lyinjr down on a heap of.straw near tho stable, 'basking in the sun, when thny overheard tho man in Hpeotaclca and Tom Parchment arrange their littlo plot to got rid of Captain Blomctite. This put tho idea into thoir heads of doing a littlo buahranging on their own account, tho result of which wo know. ' Tho practical joke, which began innoceutly, was likely to end in soinothing very un pleasant, as practical jokes aro too often in the habit of doing. Jiui, however, managed to got tho matter hushod up without much diJHculty. Tho thrco bushrangers wero allowed to show their thieving propensities, and their ap preciation of Dogberry's sago advico to tho constable of tho watch, by stealing out of the company ; and our friends thon released Captain Blomotite, who was very much relioved ttr Und that tho bloodthirsty bush rangers hart be^i vanquished.,,. J**1 Walker paid tho cxponses of tho damaged coach, and Captain Blometito aiul tho rest of the passorigers departed on. thoir journey with the exception of Mrs. Hard grove, Polly Walkor, Tom Parchment, What had brought our friond Jim to the 'Traveller's Best' was apparent on tho arrival of tho coach from the city ; and Polly Walker waa not sorry to find herself once more in tho arms of her mother. ' When Jim left Slocum ho had gono straight to the station, and had writton to hia another (or, rather, to bo moro correct, his stepmother) to eomo up and keep houso for him. Of course, Jim had now to drop tho innocent little lictiou about his position, and acknowledge that, by tho death of his uncle, ho had become a sort of pastoral millionaire. Hra, Hardgrovo, on hor side, confossed to having allowed Mr. Hooky to deceive himself, and afterwards to impart to Jim bis erroneous impression as to the way she was left .under the will of tho luto Peter Hardgrovo. Iu point of fact, Peter Hardgrbvo never left a will at. all. Tho document which Tom Parchment had shown to llooky was simply tho draft of a will which old Ilardgrovo wishod to make. But, as has boon already indicated, ho was forestalled, and the grim band of death spoiled his benevolent inten tions. Sorno mon havo a pupewtitioua droad of making their willn. Thoy neom to bo under a Hort of impression that tho oxerciso of their volition, iu thia particular way, will havo | Homo ocoult influoiico upon tho 'fates, and ! destinies, aud tho aiatera throe.' But tho ParcitJ— -daughtorB of Nox and £5robus— if i thoy are Hlill ongaged in Hpinning the thread of human destinies (and, by tho way, it ia moro than probable that thoy nro oUom-lhor . shelved and Biiperfaeded by Nihilism, S&bial-; ! iflin and dynamite) would tako no . moro notieo of Peter HardgrOvo's will than did the stono from tho fortifications of Namur tuko of tho tender feolinga (not to Bay pre doriptivn' rights) of Widow Wadman whf-n tho.wi!d( ftcmo, rock, or frairnioufc from the juid fortifications hit 'My Unolo Toby' in the yroin : and thuo forever — . But why proccod with Buoh apaiuf ul subjoct J Bccau6e, jir — - 'Sio volvoro Paroaa bo wo .shall say no .noro about it, but return to Potcrllurdirrovo *ud hia will. . Tho luto Potor— . But it's too important ? inatter to bo lugged in at tho fag end of a jlmptor so—. CHAPT.E11 XXII. Tunlato Peter Hurd^rovo wusaboutfixty jvo yoara of ago when ho married Nolly l\\-rtor. ' Nnlly Porter was about twonty ,wo when aho aaorilleed hbraolf to aavo her father. ? 1 f Nelly. Portor had beon a willing victim vO this conjun tion of Juno aud December, dho might havo consoled heraolf with a lovor —that who did not do t*o saya nomothing for cor virtue, aa then* was certainly nothing* fascinating about hor lord. But her h-thV ot fluty, .ana her womanly pride assisting her, t»ho mudo a very excoltnnt wifo to a very un appreoiativo huabaad. ; WhiMi Peter fell nick hia wife attend?', him with the ino*t assiduous devotion. Jit recompenHo was that hor rnotivoa wero mia construed ; and Peter, whoso kouI was in eapdblo of a genoroua emotion, considered 'her only in tho light of an expectant widow. Ho was eoueoious that ho waa not an ideal husband for a beautiful young woman and hia imagination. conjured up visions of his young aud haudnomo widow happy iu th9 arms of ; a youthful lovor whoja ho had shuffled off. thia mortal coil, i If Nelly had been a hypocrite she might, have perjured herself, and made Peter happy, by protesting that ah' would novor marry again,; -but remain his inconsolablo rolict. Old men are, vain ; and' the imbecility which ho betrayed at eixty- fivo, in marrying a girl of {wenty-two ia a milUeiont assurance that ho wa? capable of being managed. if .Nelly had. but protested that oho loved him, Peter would havo beon flattered, and — perhaps — believed her. Ho would not have rocognisod that sho 'did protest too much' if aho had sworn never to marry again- — or, if hn had his doubte, tbo Bvypt'c usauranco would have bnnishcrt them. But— u Come here, Nelly,' said Peter to her, ono day, 'I want to talk to you.' Nelly came, and Liking a scat besido the old man, went on with her sowing. ' NeUy.' ' Yea, Peter.' ' Whon I dio what aro you going to do ?'* At this nbrnpt question Nelly looked up with a half-scared expression. Sho had become, in a kind of dull, omotionless way, accustomcd to her monotonoua oxistcnco; nnd aho had novor associated tho idea of death with old Potor Hardgrovo. Although hor life was uttorly hopeless and loveless, tho possibility of a now order of things had hardly presented itself to her imagination. In her eyes Peter was im mortal. . Aa far back as eho could remember ho was always tho samo. His olothes seemed to bo gifted with immortality also. Thoy never olmngod thoir colour or their cut. An old bottle- green coat, which at ono timo i might have been black, or bluo, or browu, or I any other colour — or mixturo of colours, 1 from tho red to tbo violet end of tho spectrum — was his constant companion— one and indivisible. In tlii»* uniquo garment ho i lived, and moved, and had hia boing. IIo ato iu it and drank in it, walked in it and talkod.in it, and waa ovon supposed to sleep — faugh ! ' What am I going to do when you dio V9 said she. Now, as Mrs. Hurdgrove, up to that time, hud thought that Peter wonld uovor dio, sho was altogether unprepared with an answor to such a categorial question ; and bo sho comploted her auswer by saying : * I don't know.' 11 You don't kuow, don't you? Oh, no, of courco you don't,' hissed tho old man, between his teeth ; ' but I know.' Mrs. Ilardgrove had never eot herself deliberately to think out i»«l tho manifold relations and possibilities of hor future. But, unknown to herself, and indopendoi/:iy of her will, tho secret springs of her mind and heart had been at work, arranging tho half formed aspirations of hor soul. Theso required but h word — a look — to mako them realities. Peter Hardgrovo supplied tho key when ho said, with that peculiar look, 'but I know.' It was not much to say, but it was onough, Tho look was only momentary ; but a flash of lightning is no longer. Mrs. Hardgrovo blushed as if sho had been detected in a crirao... Her solo orimo was that sho was young and beautiful, and — that Bho know nothing of mental physiology. Poter saw hor blush, and pursued hia advantage. 'Yos,' ho continued, 'I know. You think that when I am dead my monoy will got you a fino youujf husband, eh ? Bm I'll tako caro of that, I'll havo no—' What Poter was going to say must bo loft entirely to tho imagination of tho reader, for ho never completed tho sentonco. Mrs. ilardgrove started to her feet, 'in all tho majesty of outraged womanhood. For a moment, indignation deprived her of utter ance j but ift length sho said, slowly and deliberately : 'Mr. Hardgrove, sinco I havo had tho misfortuno to bo your wife, I havo nover known what it is to have a uinglo moment's happiness, Sinco tho death of my father, whom I loved ; aud for whoso dear sake, I married you, whom I could not but hate, tho world aud all its beauties, has been to mo a blank. I havo tried — God knows how hardly — to do my duty. If I havo failed, 1 ask God's pardon — not yours. To you I owe nothing. To myself I owo it to bear tlio burden which Heaven has imposod upon mo. I scorn to hide myself behind a subter fuge ; and, I deny your right to question my future. You have thought it right to ^insult mo by a supposition, which I will not gratify you by denying. I- will not stay longer in this room. to bo insulted; but this I may inform you, that, if over I do marry again, it will not bo to a man liko you, if, .for every Scar of his lifo ho would lay a principality at *l:y feet.' Boforo Poter could recover from his astonishment, Nolly walked out of tho -room, and loft him to ruminato' ovor this astound ing explosion. As Mrs. Hardgrovo was tho only person who would do anything for Peter, without foo or Toward, tho old man felt that ho had made a mistake. His wife was His man servant, and his maid-servant, his ox find his asn; a portion oC his goods ana chattels ; a drudge,- a sumpter horfio, a mule, in I'eter'o estimation — out of which ho could extract a given amount of work at tho least possible cost. But Potor'a remark rousod Nelly from her lethargy ; and ho found, to his surprise, that his wife had a will as strong as his own, and ? an intellect far keener. Sho trcatod him bettor than he deserved, inasmuch as her natural kindness of heart induced her lo conceal from him tho con tempt and loathing with which ho inspired her. But such feelings are not to bo con* coaled, and Peter Hardgrovo know — ho felt— . that her attentions, and her kindness were dictated by duty rather than affection. He tried to win her back to tho old position of dull acquiescenco iu everything — but tho old life was broken, and was not to bo restored. * From this timo Mra. Hardgrovo insisted upon having propor assistaneo. Hitherto the wliolo of Potor'a household} in addition to his wife, was a diminutive maid-of-all-work, and it nearly broke his heart when ho was forced to engage a housemaid and a cook. Thus things wont on. Peter was unhappy that lie could neither please nor vex his wifo by anything ho could say or do. She waa aiike indiiVcront to his threats and promises. He promised to leave hor everything if bIio remainod his widow ; but bIio told him to do as ho pleased without reforeuco to her. Pctor Hardgrove had not yet mado his will, and ho had an uneouquerablo aversion to beguiniug it. Possibly the old man was ashamed of his intentions. If Nolly could but havo Buffered her pride to stoop to flatter him, she might have dictated tho will herself. If sho would but consent to bind hor futuro, Peter would bo satisiiod. But sho, unknowing whut sho might do in the future, would not bind herself to a possible lio — and liis narrow soul would not allow Potor to aeo that what ho mistook for a foregone conclusion to marry again, was simply the dictato of common honesty. At length Petor foil eiok. Ho had not yot mado hia will. It waB not Mrs. Hardgrovo'a fault that tho conversation turnod upon the' overlastiug. topic, . whieh now haunted old Hardgrovo liko an unploasaut dream. It iiad bucomo, with him, a monomania, nud j aa ho wan awaro that if ho diod iutoatato tbo half of hia monoy would go to hia. wifo (aa thoy had uo family), nnd tho rest to hia broihor, aa next of kin (whom ho heartily hated), ho finally determined to mako his. will. With thio iutontion ho drow up tlio draft with which wa aro alrondy acquainted ; and old Hardgrovo chuckled with a devilish malignity aa ho inserted tbo clauso insisting upon her marrying an old man, aa old ni himself at least, uud worth aa much monoy— iu default of whioh aho was to havo nothing. u Ha! ha!' he laughed, rubbing hia hands, -(I havo a hold on hor yot; tbat'ti better than leaving her a widow. Sho won't bo happier with that old follow thau sho waa with mo ' — and ho gloated over this grand j. idoa of hia aa if it wero a profound Btenko ot genius.' * r Tho old man waa sufficiently aputo to know that such a will aa hie would bo aot down aa tho not of a madman, und therefore, ho was dotennind that it should bo as corrcot na legal forinalitios could mako it. For this ; reason ho called in Tom Parchment, tho oulv lawyer at tho timo iu Slocum. Tom reud oyer tho draft ; and, ooucoaling hia disgust as much aa possible, tried to induce tlio old man to mako a propor provi sion for his widow. Hiaeloquonoo, however,', waa of no avail. The avarice which induced \- Hardgrovo to oling to hia monoy in lifo ; and to leqvo it behind him with such rogrot in death, was paralleled, to somo oxtont, by tho lougiug ho had to control hia wifo*8 notions when ho was gono. Ho know that ho ha'd wronged her in forcing hor into a hateful marriago; and that very Imowlodgo instead imnnih'no- him to mako omondq .flcomod ; -.it her to stgo Mm to an additional Jtjlamy. At length, losing patience, ho broke into a ntrious p^.vion at Tom Parchment, and told him to taio hia instructions from tho draft. Tom, j'eoing that further discussion wa* useless, |old old Hardgrovo, in plain terms, that ho yould have nothing to do with Bucb an infamous document ; and that if hi wantcdu lawyer to do it, ho must got some ono with a heart ns black as hia own. By this timo old Hardgrovo was foaming at. the mouth. By the. timo Tom -Parchment had loft the liouso Potor Hari^rovo was dead. Tho dootor Bad that his death u super vened consequent upon tho effusion of blood into tho areolar or cellular tissue of the corebro-Bpinal a:ia, arising from tho rupture of tho continuity of fcho walls of tho blood vessels lying borwoon tho medulla oblongata and tho pons varolii.' For my part, I. think ho died ^rom want of broath; but I don't caro how; he -liod, no long as I 'have got rid of him. i He, of cour.o, died intestate, and Mrs. Hardgrovo uotouly got her own half of his property, but dd Peter's brothor, who was as unliko him aa possible, made Over hia share to her also. This brothir, who was tho only relation Peter had iu'tho world, waa about twenty years youngej than the. old man. ? I'uter hud tlsvay^ given him good advico ; but when ho vaa very low down in the world Peter refusodhis brother oven a crust. Ten yoara (go tho younger brothor struck it very rich ii a quartz rcof, bf which ho was tho pioneer, iud ho was now reputedly one of tho wealthiest miners iu Australia. ? Hear ing how vo^' anxious Peter hud been U- leave his vidow nothing,' ho determined that, for hispart, sho should havo ulL , {To be confinuccf,)', ; 