THE GHOST OF PILATE. A LEGEND OF MONT PILATUS. —Little Folks. There are many legends connected with Mont Pilatus. One—and, of course, it is pnly a legend—tells how, after our Lord was crucified, Pontius Pilate, having in some way .-offended the Emperor Tiberius, i was summoned to Rome to answer for. his offence. In order, however, to withstand the wrath- of the. Emperor, Pilate had recourse to an amulet, find it is said that on every occasion, when he came 'into the presence of'the Emperor the wrath of Tiberius disappeared. At length, however, his enemies suspected that he possessed some •charm concealed about his person,'ahd ;it is said that they discovered beneath his toga (the ordinary garment of the Romans) the robe of Christ. He was at once deprived of the sacred garment,] and taken before the Emperor, who condemned him to death. ~ His ; body was flung into the River Tiber,. hot violent storms arose, so the -frightened inhabitants determined to .banish him to the lonely heights of Mont Pilatus, where his body was cast into a- black,, sluggish tarn, or lake. , , ! ’ V ; 1 ’ From this time the mountain and lake, according to the , legend,;-became haunted, and violent storms constantly took place. One day a student hap r pened to arrive at Lucerne, and hear ing the strange tales of the mountain,' and on being promised a heap of gold, agreed to climb the haunted mountains and make terms with the supposed ghost of Pilate. It is said that after a deal of bargaining the spirit of Pilate leaped into the lake, having first entered into a solemn treaty that he would only reappear on Good Friday unless stones were thrown into lake, or in the event of disrespectful words being spoken of him in its neighbor hood, in 'which case the usual penalty; of thunder, lightning, and terrific storms would ensue. In Denmark, by one of the oldest laws on the statute book, a landlord is ; forbidden to accept a peasant as a-, yearly tenant, or even to grant to him a farm on a lease foe a fixed number of; years. If he accepts ■ him as a tenant 1 at all, it must be for life. ,No matter, how obnoxious' the man may prove himself, the landlord has no means of getting rid of him so long as he pays his rent; and, even when he does not,' the process of eviction is so costly and; so unpopular that .a landlord hesitates before having recourse to it. The first English Parliament wai; opened, 62 Sj-yeafs;aga! 