OUR LONDON LETTER. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 28tk OoTOMtR. Every Briton, and, for tho mat tor of tiiae, ovcry Irishman, American, Australian and other members of tho English speaking raco, is proud of Mr. Gladstone for hislparulng, his cloquonce, his versatility and his genius. It was thought wonderful that Lord Falmorston should be a Primp Minister at tho age of 60 ; hut Mr. Gladstone is Prime Minlator at 63. It was thought . remarkablo that Lord Palmerston could mnnago to perform the duties of his office, even with remarkably able subordinates ; but such a task is mcro child's play for Mr. Cladstono. Hotter men might see some difficulty in rooonoiling tho different con tending claims of Irish Homo Rulors, Scotch and Welsh Dtscstnblishors, English Local Op- tlonists, and advocates of a legal eight hours. But Mr, GUdstono regards suoh a task as tho relaxation of his leisure hours, and finds timo to contributo articles to magazines, to writo hundreds of post cards to his frionds And cor respondents iu Europe, Asia, Africa, Amorioa and Australia, and, within, the past few days to deliver a most remarkable and interesting lecture on Medhcval Unlvetsities, in which he dilated In the olassic precincts of the Sheldonian Theatro of Oxlord on the history and origin of universities, which bo regarded as not so much tho handmaidens as the rivals of tho ohurcli. The looturer gavo a brief but graphic nccount of Oxford, and paid an eloquent tribute to its infiuenoo upon modern thought. Tbo otiorinoun efforts which both Oxford and Cambridge had made in extension work showed that they wore still young, and he university, fn its comprehensive fulness, had or had not been an essentially Christian concep tion, there was not the slightest historic doubt that, tho central idea of English universities was osscntiMly (Christian. Mr. Qladstono "was enthusiastically received .at Oxford, not ohly before aud after the leuturo, hut on the tollow- itig day, when he visited tho ' Clarendon Pross, and reminded tho compositors thub there had boen a timo when the artiaaus of that estab lishment valued the wui;k they executed for itsolf, and not moroly for tho money it brought them. There aro persons who' think that Mr. Glad stone could bo more ' usefully employod in AHiiistmg at the councils and, perhaps, mode rating tho zeal of his two lieutenants, Mr. Asquith and Mr. Morloy. The decision of tho former gentleman to throw open Trafalgar- square on Saturday afternoons, Sundays ami bank holidays has ploascd uo ono. The inhabi tants of tho nuighborhoud.urgo that tho decision violates that particular doctrino upon which all tho members of the Cabluot are said to be agreed — Iiomc Rule and local option. Tliero is no doubt whatever that nn overwhelming majority of tho persons who live in the immediate neighborhood of Trafalgar-square aro strongly opposed to its boing tiie inuoting plaou of all tho roughs in tho metropolis, who are attracted thitbur by tho announcement that meetings of any kind will ho hold thore. And, on tho othor hand, Mr. Anquith'H compromise lias not satisfied tho Social Democratic Federation. Air. liyndmati said at a meeting, 44 they owed no thanks to Mr. Asquith for his decision ; lie was compelled to give way because he was afraid of losing votes." Mr. Bernard Shaw wai more explicit, and said that if they hud multitudinous meetings of tho unoinployod in Trafalgar-square no doubt " Mr. Asquith would in his turn bring out tho polico and tho soldiers." But tbo loaders of the un employed, of whom there aro tens of thousands in London, seem determined to hold meetiugs in season and out of season, and to forco the Government to suppress them by the employ ment of physical force. To person who live at a distance this quustioa of holding meetings in Trafalgar-squaro may appear a trivial matter, but it is no small thing to bring 50,000 men from remoto suburbs into the very ceutro of London, in the proximity of ail tho finest shops in the Wut End, and within a few yards of the principal hotels. The mon who convene the meetings may have the host possible intentions, but they are quito unable to control the thousands of professional thieves and pickpockets who resort to any place whero tliero is likely to bo iv'tumult, Us Vultures flock to a dead ouroasc. It may be easy to keep them in order when the mooting place is in the centre of Hyde Park or in a suburb. But it is a dilforont thing whon the disorder takes place in a crowded thoroughfare like the Strand. It is reported, with some apparent probability, that the Government contemplates roluasing Egan, who was convicted of Ta dynamite outrage at Birmingham ; that Daly, another dynamittst, is to havo his sentunoe commuted ; and that in. addition to 44 the two patriotic Irishmen who aro languishing in British dungeons" one of the criminals implicated in the assassination of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and another convict who was concerned in the murder of a polico officer,, arc to lie released. All these men wore cunvicted and seutonced when Air. Gladstone was lost in power,, and cannot bo said to ho the vlotims of Tory injus tice. After the mnnuer in which the pardoned Fenians took advantage of the leniency shown them, and the atrocities engineered by O'Douo- van Rossa, ono would have thought that any Ministry would have been very chary about turning loose upon society men who think that they best show thoir love for Ireland by the em ployment of dynainitp. Unfortunately, Air. Alorley, in spite of his better self, in obliged to strengthen the hands of that section of the Irish Nationalists without whose votes his Ministry could not keep in office. And they are the very men to drive a hard bargain. ' The London County Counoil, in agreeing to eonstruot a new street from Holboro to the Strand and widening the latter thoroughfare, have decided that this miich needed reform shall not bo undertaken unless the ground landlords can be mndo to pay half the cost. This is, how ever, nothing more than the rc&ssertion; of the principle of- betterment v But the oounoil has Introduced another new principle, viz., that compulsory power he given the oounoil to acquire land within a mile of the new street for the purpose of housing thpse members of the laboring class who will be displaced hy tho im provements, and who must live near their work, and that the others bo rchbused in a suburb to bo' selected by the council, Jfi;ee transit being pro vided by tram or train. This recommendation wont further than many even of the progressive members approvod, and thorp was n somewhat lively discussion; but in' the end the pro posal was carried with,! a few verbal amendments by a small majority. Tho writer of a letter in tbe Standard , who tiigns himself th Anglo-Australian," states: — "Thcro is a remarkablo analogy between the origin and performances of tbe London County Council aud tho Australian Houses of Assem bly. They are both reprosontativo bodiosj and thp majority In all the Houses depends on tho support of tho trades unions' ns representative of the laboring classes." This statement is tho roughly incorrect as far - as the County Council of London is concerned, inasmuch as it is elected by tho householders and ratepayers, amongst whom the working classes, who in Lon don ut auy rate are mostly lodgers, are in a small minority. Tho prosenoe in tho London County Counoil of a progresaive majority was caused by the unpopularity of the moderates, who noted, as if they were sitting entirely in the interests of the ground landlords. "Anglo- Australian " draws a melnu- oholy pioturo ot the Alelbourne of to-uny; which ho nays is 44 to one who rcmembcrs'tbe scene ot active prosperity of fivo years ago the most raolancholy sight in the world." If his other statements are no more reliable than those he makes about the London 'County Council, they are not very important. The advantages of co-operation have been brought before the Labor Commissioners by the chairman of the English and Scottish Wholesale Societies. Tkoro are 1624 branches in England alone, .aud amongst the. advantages of tho movement was tho abolition of false dealing. The Rochdale Pioneers bad from their founda tion sold goods to the amount of £8,507,385, aud had given to their, members in profit and interest £1,289,767. At Bolton, a society foundod 32 years ago had turned over £5,1X0,649 at a profit of £726,784. During tho last 30 years the total sales of all societies bad renohed a total of £500,000,000, with a profit of £40,000,000. Depots bad been established iu Ireland, Denmark, Hamburg and New York. Their employes were paid the highest market ratos, aud tho commlttue always tried to work iu harmony with the trades unions. There was muoh difforouco of opiniou about the advantages of profit sharing, and it was only in foroc in ono establishment, tho OolnoiVale flour mill'. - ,| " < The Duke of Devc nshiro delivered an address A few nights ago at Preston on tho advantages of toohnioal education. After pointing oat tho measures which had been taken of lato years to give instruction in science and art, the duko coutinuod that suoh training must bo continued during youth and early manhood. Tbe pros perity of this country aroso from its boing the foremost industrial and commercial country, hut tho conditions had changed nnd wero con stantly ohauging. Technical education could not be taught liko Frencli or arithmetic. It was rather a inothod than a subject. He doubted the cfiic&cy; of prizo giving, and would prefer somo plan for allowing tho great mass of the people that technical education was not only an advantage, but a necessity. Ho thought tho education of tho ordinary schools turned out too many clerks and bookkeepers and toofowartU&ns;, hut it was absurd to supposo that high education should necessarily withdraw a man from tho ranks of manual labor. 14 We ought to be on our guard against any impression that there was anything inoro honorable, moro refined, more respectable in the labor of a clerk who sat be hind a dusk than in tha labor of an artisan who worked in a mine or a factory." The speech of tho duko was very wise, and was directed against the modern system of substituting An aristooraoy of occupation for an aristocracy of birth and rank. An investigation into tho manogomoot of 44 Ooueral" Booth's 44 Darkest England Fund" is fihortly to be commenced by a competent com mittee, and the publio will soon know whether there is Any foundation for the insinuations whfoh.have been made against tho capacity and integrity of tbe Salvation Army leader. Tho Times says that it will be satisfied If the investi gation proves that 44 the funds are invested in such a manner oh the funds of a charity ought ducted in & businesslike way, and that tho results hitherto produced by the Darkest England scheme promiso a reasonable measure of succcan." Meanwhlio Mr. Booth, with his characteristic onergy, as his frionds call it — his enemies style it by a harsher phrase— has told the public that he cannot wait for tho result of the investigation, and asks that £60,000 should he immediately handed over to him. Tins rush with the collecting box, which is thrust in the face of evory newspaper editor and minister of roligion, is iu accor dance with the Booth system, and it is this method which causes so many people to regard it and him with suspicion. It will be recollected that immediately after tho great social sohemo was started, Mr. Frank Smith, re signed because the finances of tiio social sohemo wero not kept sufficiently apart from tho ordi nary work of the 44 army." A now Pall Mall Gazette is projected by Mr. Nownes, proprietor of Til Pits and the Strand Magazine. Tho newspaper may be a good Liberal weapon, and may eventually bring a baronetcy to its proprietor. But the ground under. tho Liberal penny ovoning papers has been completely cut away by the Liberal half penny evening papers. Singularly enough, no evening paper seems able to obtain any inrge number of advertisements, and the multiplicity of editions, which commence to bo Issued about II a.m., and aro continued till 6 p.m., deprive the circulation of any possible profit. Tho Independent Theatre, having surfeited their admirers with foreign horror, have pro duced a revised edition of the Duchess of Malji, a tragedy printed in 1623, written by John Webster, aud played by the King's Servants ut Black Friars and the Globe, Btubage noting tho part of the Duko Ferdinand. It was rovived in 1640, when Betterton played Bosola and Airs. Bcttcrton tho duchesH. Australian readers will be interested to know that when the play was revived at Sadler'a Wills in 1850 it wna revised nnd partly rewritten by R H. Home. The story is horrible. Tho duchtss, a virtuous widow, has two brothers, one a duko and tho other a cardinal, and each as thorough going a miscreant as is to be encountered in Italian lite rature—the Borgias wero by comparison angels of light The brothers, fearing lest thoir slater may, coutrary to their wishes, marry again, sot a spy (Bosola) to watch her. Sho marrios her steward, the handsome but low born An tonio, and lias throe children. The brothers discover the mesalliance nw\ detormine not only to inui-der their sister, but to torturo her. Thoy got her into their power. First, of nil her brother shown her a dead4 hand, ringed with her betrothal ring, and tells her it is that of her husband. Then her bedchamber is sur rounded with maniacs from the pnhlio mad house, who dance and howl around it Next the daucc of death is dnnccd beforo her. Presently she is shown a chapclle ardentc, with her coffin in it, and is stranded by three exeoutioners. Next they strangle her three children ond her maid. Finally tho mistress of the cardinal is poisoned, the duke goes mad and fancies himself a wolf, Antonio is killed by Bosola, who stabs the cardinal, slays tho duke and finally dies himself. Tho d&nco; of death was moro horrihlo than the murders. Three ladies, clad like the woman in Holbein's picture of Death and the Lady, enter silently, bow gravely to the duohess, and begin a rhythmic dance with two Hkeletons. The ladies turn their backs, and on their backs are skeletons. The dance Is nocompanied by the tap of a muffled drum, and although in description the whole affair may seem absurd, it mado tho audienoo shudder. I cannot see what earthly advantage is to bo gained by such revivals, unless it be to show that our ancestors wero accustomed to plays quite as horrible as Ibsen's Ghosts or Zola's Thr6so Kaquin. A very different olass of piece is Tho Guards man, a new comedy by G. R. Sims nnd Cecil Raleigh, which has been produced at tho Court Theatre. The Guardsman of the play is Captain Sir Eustace Brandon (Mr. Elliot), who has an uncle, Sir James Bramstnn (Air. Arthur Ceail), whose long experience as a judgo on the divorce sido of the High Court has given him so strong a prejudice against matrimony that ho has mado up bU mind that his nephew shall not marKy if ho by any possibility can help it. But Sir Eustaoo, who i somewhat impecunious him- Nclf, has a wealthy aunt, Lady Jones (Miss Caroliuo Hill), from whom ho haa considerable expectations, and sho is most desirous, not ouly that ho should marry, but that he should take for a wife a charming Ameri can girl, Daphne Lovat (Miss Elluliue Ton-is). Indeed, the aunt goes so far as to say that if Eustace does not propose by a certaiu date, not only will sho refuse to pay his debt, bub she will ovou sue hiin for the monoy alio has already lent liim. Sir Eustace is, however, iu Iovq with a girl whom lie has mot twice, but of whom he knows nothing. On the first occasion the encounter was on tho underground railway ; on the second he restored to her a watch which bad been stolen from hur. But on neither occa sion did she disclose her name. Sir James, not- withnt&nding; the dignified position ho had so re cently held— for ho ha just retired from the bench— hits upon an ingenious but reprehensible sohemo for prcvontiug his nephew's marriage, and takes for his accomplice a certain wealthy but foolish aud oaddisli young rnuu named Hanbury Hakes (Mr. Woedon Grossmith), and a milliner with a history, Kitty Alautcrs (Alius Agnes Thomas), Anonymous let ters nrosent to Duphne, denouncing Eustace as a Lothario and Lovelace of tho very worst descrip tion, and Kitty writes them not knowing that Daphne know hor handwriting from her having been the niillinor of that young lady. An ingeni ous episode occurs in tho second act. Lady Jones has promised that she will freo Eustsco from hi embarrassment if he wilt nronoae to Dnphne. Ho culls upon hor with that intention, not knowing that she is really the girl of his heart and tho heroine of the underground rail way. The cunniug old judgo tell him that if he will only romance about himself and make himself out as bad a possible, Lady June and Daphno will nob care to go on with the marriage. He falls into tho trap, only to find that the girl whom ho has tried to disgust is his heroine. Of course, all ends a it ought to end. Lady Jones carries her point, Daphuo becomes a bride, nnd tho wioked old judge goes to the South of France utterly dis comfited. One of the best played characters is tbat of Hanbury Hakes, a vainglorious pickle and jam merchant, who thinks that hia money will carry him anywhere and everywhere — that it will enable him to drive four horses and rido across country. His tailor makes him a smart, sporting looking oont, and tells him that it only needs a four-in-hand to znatoh it. Hake dis covers too Into that money will not do everything, and botween hi social muddle and his relations with Kitty Musters, who threatens him with an aotion for broach of promiso of mnrriage, ho has a rather bad time. The American girl is playod very delightfully by Aliss Terries, who i neither loud, slangy nor fqst. Air. Cecil gavo a humorous study or tlie.cx- judgu, who thinks ho can do wrong with impunity, uo long as ho takes care that tliero is no evidence against hirn. Altogether tho comedy kept the whole audlenco in oxcollent humor, ana although light and Bparkling, contains somo capital writing. 