THE Midnight Marriage. CHAPTER VIII. HUSBAND AND WIFE. Philippe continuing, said : ‘I only ask you to allow me to win you from yourself, by care and tenderness, and since you require rest and solitude, I will retire and leave you as free as ever you have been.’ These words, far from soothing Claire, filled her with alarm. It,seemed to her that all her hopes of regaining her freedom .were doomed to fail ure. How would it be pos sible to live apart from a man so full of generosity. He adored her and declared that all he wished was to win her love. How could she repel -such a loyal,, honest gentle .manj without appearing cruel and heartless ? She did not reply, so Phil ippe leant forward and touched her forehead with his lips. ‘Till to-morrow,’ said he, but the perfume of her golden hair and the contact of her quivei' ingj1 brow filled him with a wild passionate longing, so forget ful of his promises, and conscious only that he was by the side of a woman he loved, and who by rights belonged to him, he caught her in his arms in an irresistible trans port, and exclaimed, ‘Ah! if you only knew how I love you.’ Claire turned as pale as death. Throwing herself back, she placed her hands upon her husband’s shoulders, and with a gesture of disgust tried to escape him. ‘Release me, and leave me,’ she cried, in a voice full of horror and anger. : The clasp of Philippe at once loosened, and he recoiled. Then gazing at his wife., whose face was convulsed with anguish, he exclaimed in a troubled voice : ‘What! You repulse me with violence ! with terror ! What is passing in your mind? This is not merely maidely modesty—it is loathing!-. Do you hate me, then? What have I done to deserve this ? I fear I understood only too well the words you spoke to me a little while ago: After the deception you have ex perienced, something more than bitterness has grown up in your heart. There is . per haps regret—’ ■ ‘Monsieur I’.protested Claire, in a hollow voice. .. . But Philippe was no longer calm. Anger had brought the blood to his cheeks,- and he walked up and. down the room . nervously.. .... ‘ ‘Madame,’ said he, ‘the moment has arrived for frank and full explanationsbetween j us. You have filled me with l | auspicious which must • be . al layed. A wife does .not ro ■jsct her Husband'without some cause.’ | Philippe paused. His voice was harsh, and he became as pale as |a ghost,- while his hands trembled neryously... Breathings with' difficulty, h£":: turned to her so that should not lose a single movemen . ■That man,- he resumed, that man who forsook you m such.a cowardly (manner—that man, you love Him still. ... Claire felt that the oppor tunity for -a rupture which she had so much desired had ar rived, and yet she hesitated to | use it. i She. stood before Philippe uncertain, her- brows knit, her heart beating tumul tuously, knowing 'that her destiny was now hanging by a single thread. ,. . . Her silence at last irritated Philippe to such a degree that he lost'all restraint, and catch ing her by the arm, he cried, as he looked at her with flash ing eyes :• ‘You have heard, me and must answer! I command you to speak!’ . The touch of his hand was as a finger laid upon the trigger of a gun. The haughty woman, carried - away by the violence, looked her husband full in the face, and replied : ‘"Well, and if it. were so ?’ Hardly had she spoken the words before she regretted them. Philippe drew himself up to his full height, and his face be came convulsed with con flicting passions, as he raised his clenched hand, like one of his own ponderous hammers. ‘Miserable woman!’ he ex claimed. Claire did not. recoil a step. She bent her head and let her hands fall with the resignation of a martyr prepared for death. Philippe noticed her attitude, and with a profound sigh, - hastily-retreated, clutching his right wrist, forcibly with his left hand as if to crush it for threatening the. woman he so mnchloyed. j. At last regaining something, of his lost self-possession, he. . approached her again. ‘Come-’ said he,., weigh your words. Say that it is not true, that you wished to try me. Ob, do not fear to own it. I for give you freely beforehand, although you have, made me > suffer greatly. You should not. .. trifle with a love like mine. It is a cruel pastime, I assure you.’ v. . . . Ho tried, to conjure up‘ra smile, but. Claire remained gloomy and immovable. ‘Speak to-me!’ he implored. ‘Why are you silent ? It is true, then?-And so, with your heart full of thoughts for another, you consented to marry me? And despite the baseness of this man, grou love him still U - And you dare to tell me of] it !' You gave me-, your word .to. -: be a true and loyal wifej and this is how you keop your promise. Without a blush of shame you placed your hand- in mine ! To what a degree ;of' moral depravity you must have fallen !’ .‘And have you not seen that for the last;;fortnight 1 have been mad?’ cried Claire _ ceasing to restrain herself" ‘Do you not' understand that j am struggling in a whirlpoo1 . from which I can find no out let? I was impelled to act as I have done by a fate which was beyond my power to re sist. I must seem to you a wretched preature, but you cannot judge me so severely as I judge myself. 1 have de served your anger and con tempt, no doubt. Come, take everything; that is mine, except myself. My fortune shall be yours, I leave it entirely, in your hands. Let it be the price paid for my liberty.’ ... . _. ,. You offer me your fortune,’ cried Philippe, with, a .bitter - laugh; and;fof- a moment .He was on thepoint of revealing . ; the truth. : . [to be coktinusd.] 