A GHOST IN A rALACE. If 1 r-er to tell my friends and acquain tances of this practical age that I lived, f r some years in a palace at my easo; had free right to wander over its magnificent apart ments, to disport myself in its tennis courts and pleasure grounds, with vassals - or, rather, a vassal-at my side, they would wink, shake their knowing heads, and probably ask me if I had started a new edition of " fairy tales." But such is, nevertheless, a fact. I not only lived in a palace, but drew my first breath, and opened my round and probably wondering eyes upon scenes of past glories. In a word, I was born in a wing of the celebrated palace, 'standing on the river W~ensum, at Norwich, owned by the renowned but ill-fated Duke of Norfolk, who went to his grave without his head for attempting to establish the power of the no less ill- fated Lady Jane Grey. Macaulay grows eloquent in describing the building. lie speaks of its splendour, how the drinking vessels were of gold, and the commoner kinds of sterling silver.: He also informs the reader that Italian, artists were employed to decorate the panels- with beautiful pictures, and that ," Duke's Palace" was the finest town house out of London. With regard to the gold and silver vessels, I can say nothing, as I never saw any, or heard of any being found: My "christening mug," I fear, was nothing better than electro plate, and that of a third-class quality, for we were a " poor lot;" but I can speak as to the works of the Italian masters. On the landings-on some of which a coach and four might have stood comfortably-the panels bore traces of byegono art. My father followed the craft of a gold beater, and over a carved porch was suspended the insignia of his calling-a brazen arm, with a mallet poised aloft in the clenched fist. We kept one servant (my vassal), named Matilda hedges, a damsel who borrowed old style books from the circulating library, an night. U3?caaionally I would creep down to t kitchen- it had been a servants' hallin forme days-to give Matilda a scare. The scene is plain enough before me now. A emalltable -which looked as if it had lost its way, and wandered into the crypt of a church-a guttering candle, and a small fire in a brate at which a sheep might have been roasted. Poor Matilda: 3ry parents wrade her as comfortable as circumstances would allow, but I have often wondered that amid the gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjure up plenty of ghosts without the aid of " The Castle of Ontario" and " T h e S9 " " I\h e with a go library suffer c an over her h ing and genera arranger ho was, perhaps, absorbed episode, w uld turn very w , strange swsnds in her throat sugges he enoer getic winding-up of the iteh ck. But she forgave me almost i ediately. The girl loved me. She had held oie in her arms as a baby, put up with my childish ways, petted and spoilt me, and I believe that she would have got up in the middle of-a winter's night and'trudged on her bare feet ten miles over a stony road to do me a service. One night-I think it was in the middle of October-a mighty storm of wind andrain swept over the ancient city. The gale -howled and shrieked like a pack of fiends let loose upon a tortured world. -Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks of chimneys rocked, and every now and then came a crash telling of destruction of pro perty, and perhaps injury tolimb and life. My father was at work in a room at the top of the house, but he could stand it no longer. lie came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was full of sounds such as he had never heard before, the flutter ing of thousands of huge wings, hoarse, un earthly cries, and occasionally a loud thud, as if something had fallen from the clouds. f My grandmother, who resided with us at |the time, referred him at once to Bunyan's 'H' Holy War," and to improve the occasion, shdxi that most excellent book from a book Sfse, and began to read from it in as solemn tco ns as though she were refreshing our mnr'ories with the Service for the Burial of tfe Dead. S?Nt far from our house--palace, I should slav- ewas the ancient church of St. Mary-in l?FS -Ifjarsh, and above the storm we thought rve could hear the booming of the big bell Sfrom time to time. " Heaven preserve us "' said my father, eloho was pacing the room like a caged tiger. " VWe shall have the house down about our ears presently."' "It is a judgment on the wicked," re sponded my grandmother. "Wee to the unrighteous ! This was rather an unkind thing for a mother to say to her son, who charged her not for board and lodging; but my father passed it over, and observing that fright was driving me fast to the borders of idiocy, sat at my side and spoke words of encourage ment to me. He told me that such conflicts of the ele ments were all sent to fulfil the laws laid down at the Creation, and without them the air would become so full of impurities that we could not live. 'Lightning kills blicht and clears the at mosphere,' he was saying, when the room beame filled with a horrid quive ring glare of steel blue, and the next instant a terrific peal of thunder drowned the voice of the hurricane. "I cannot sit here and know that .Matilda is alone," cried my mother, starting up. "Matildn ! Girl! Matilda, come up here and sit with us." Matilda came up very slowly. She was trembling in every nerve, and her face was as white as if it had been bleached and powdered with Chinese flake afterwards. My mother gave her a few teaspoonfuls of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept only for medicinal purposes, and Matilda, after throw ing her apron over her head, and giving vent to a few spasmodic sobs, was able to speak. " Oh, rnarm," she said, " this is more than a storm. The coals and cinders flew out of the grate just now just as if somebody had caught them up in their hands. And then down the chirnbley-oh, good gracious me ! I heard sounds like people fighting and cursing." "A judgment on the wicked city," declared my grandmother. " Well, I have led a good life, and I am prepared to go." " That must console you immensely," said my father, testily. "1 What nonsense is this? I was wrong to mention anything about strange sounds. Of course therewould be no end to them in such a storm as this. There, there ! the wind as dropping, and the storm clouds are rolling away." I really believe that my grandmother felt disappointed at this satisfactory state of affairs, and that she would have liked at least one gable of the house to come down with a rattle, but whether she would have cared to be under it is another question. 'The stormi passed away, and then the streets and courts became full of people. Men and women shook hands with each other, as we are told they did at the cessation of the Great Plague of London; but on returning home I was rather surprised at hearing my grandmother, who had been dooming the city to destruction, ask my father to sing, " Al .round my hat I weara green.willow"-a song then much in vogue. ,But my father was in no.mood for singing. dl- aorderod ms to bed, and I started on the dark journey up stairs, and finally found myself in my accustomed bedroom. ,It contained no less than five windows, with dianiondashapea panss, each being opened.with an iron bar drilled with holes, to be fitted to a peg as occaion:dcmanded. Our forefathers, we are told, were heavy drinkers, and in one respect I asocertain they were fond of draughts. When those.windows were partly open, it was a fight between cold inthe head.cod constitution, and the former generally gained the mastery. There were tall oupbon:de, too, in that room, in which men six lest high could have stood uqpright without fear of knocking their heads, and huge beams, such as would make a "jorry builder" of to-day stare, crossing the ceinug. My little bad stood near the door-a massive oak affairtfted with an iron latat;, locally termed a "snatch"-and many a night when the moonbeams played at hide. and.seek with the rshadows of the ivy, I have lain and wondered what sort of people oc. cupied that room when the duke and his B friends quaffed sack and canary out of golden v goblets. A .t the time of which I am writing I was just sixteen years of ago, strong, healthy, and innowise superstitious. To live in such a place, where at night strange noises are as plentifilas green gooseberries at WVhitsun. tide, takes all the ghost nonsense out of one. I slept andd.reamed as peacefully as any youth in a modern villa with a policems. of point duty at the corner of the road. Th sa rm iad trfjd my arvcs, n] i,. , stead of setting sail for the ha bour ol Shadowland a few minutes after going on board,, as was my usual cus om, I lay wide awako. I heard the o!ockof St. Mary-inu-thbs. arsh strike tenk eleven, and twelve, but there 1 lay starihg at the ceiling, or, rather, in the direction of it, for the night was as black as pitch, and listening to the fretful sighing of the wind, which seemed inclined to tune up again on the slightest provocation. Now, sleeleepss boy is a misery to him self. 1 turned this way and rolled that. I rubbed my nose until it was sore, and pulled my hair until the very pain of the operation brought tears into my eyes; but 3forphous was unkind, and stcod aloof. . Just as the olunes pro.laimed half-past twelve, I heard a sound which certainly did not belong to the wind. It was the patter ing of foetnot far from my room, and the owner of these feet was singing. It was not such melody as an ordinary person would indulge in, but a weird kind of croning, with no time or tune in it, but prolonged notes, then short gasps, and then lung-drawn, mournful scbr... .. I had more hair on my head than I have now-a factof which I. am often reminded by an exasperating hCir4reier, Wbo, with . shilling's worth of lead, cold water, and sulphur, implores me not to be " thin on the top." \Yell, I felt my youthful locks rise and flutter. Every drop of blood in my" vei?se tingled, and then congealed. I was conscious that I was trying. to cry. out, but I was tongue-tied, and as helpless as if chained hand and foot. Suddenly re action set in, I leaped from my bed, threw open the door, and fainted : for there, within a few paces of me, and stalking down the corridor, was a white figure- grim, ghastly, horrible, and distinct in relief to the jet-like darkness ! I awoke, cold and shivering, and crawled back to bed just as dawn broke. My father was an early riser, and as soon I knew that be was about, I went to him d stated what I had seen and hes, . e reasoned with mb, arg-uedw , , ann ed me, but all in-vain. ou were dreaming," he said, dismissing o with an impatient sweep of his strong arm. " Don't say anything of this outside, as peoplo will call my son a coward." But it so happened that my grandmother, who slept so.m-where in " the parish," as the house was facetiously termed at times, joined me in the ghost-seeing line. On the following night she w is roused from her righteous slumbers by light feotfalis and singing. "First,' explained the old lady, "I thought that somebody was singing a hynmn, but as I listenued I made sure that the voice belonged to some unholy spirit, and uuhply spirits are not given ro suri,,r'hi'mns. Well, my dears, I opened the dour and peeped oat, and there -- Stars above-! if. ever, a women saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate women." My father grew perplexed, but at the same time he was inclined to treat the matter in a satirical manner, "Perhaps," said he, "the, ghost dropped down one of the chimneys during the storm. If so, poor thing, we must lay a trap to cathe it, but we must use it very tently. I should suggest a glass case, where it would look well on the parlour table." It was a dreadful thing to live in A haunted house." I begged -to have my' bedroom changed, and my request was granted. Grandmother burnt a light all"night, and laid in a stock of texts to frighten the restless spirit away, and, strangely enough, it de. parted. But only to return. One night my father opened the door of my room, and announced himself in such a style as not to cause me alarm. " Get up and dress yourself," he said. " I want you to come with me." "Where to ?" [ asked, naturally enough, as I rubbed my eyes. "Over the house," he replied. " Some body is playing the fool here." Now, as there were only live of us to play the fool, the question was, who could it be? Not my grandmother, who was snoring as loudly as if she had not been to bed for a month ; not my mother; and as for the faith ful and gentle Matilda, she was the last creature on earth to play practical jokes. "I have seeon something, and I have heard something," my father said. " Was-was it all in white :" I faltered. "It might have been clothed in white, or grey, or striped," my father replied ; " but ithad certainly something white on its head. Listen :" From the region of the kitchen came strangesounds. The fender, fire-irons, chairs and tablesseemed to be holding carnival, for they were moving about one after the other. Then the cups, saucers, and dishes began to rattle about ; and theun somebody (and we could hear the wordsas we crept lower down), began singing : Six dlays I work with all my nright To keep tie pats and kettles bright, hilt I wsll have my Sunday. " Why-why" " Don't speak," said father, interrupting me, in a whisper. "Follow me." Down the stairs we stole, my father shad ing with his hand the candle he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. -And there.was Matilda, in a' neat print dress, cap, and apron, sound asleep, and going through a semblance of her work as cheerfully as pos sible. She made no mistake, no sli : everythiug went off in apple-pie order-at least, ap parently to her mind-for, after giving a vacant stare round the place, she swept lightly past us, and went straight to her own room. Early the next morning my father did the wisest possible thing. He sent for a doctor; who, concluding that the circulating library had proved alittle toomuch forMfatilda's brain, advised the " cold water cure." That night when Matilda was fast asleep, my mother placed on each side of the bed two bath towels steeped in water. Whether Matilda in her asleep stood and pondered on this dampness of the weather I cannot say, but she did not disturb the household, and was affected the next day with what she was pleased tocall " the snufltes." The " cold-water cure" was repeated for several nights, but it was soon dispensed with. Matilda did her work at the proper time, and we never had another ghost in the palace. lir?eZ'y ituu'qr'. plc. 