Parisian Parlance. Park, August 0. Tho Russian Jews are receiving much at tention now in France, and M. de Bosohmokff fears thoir expulsion from Muscovy if not rightly comprehended may some day throw a ooionesa over tho Gallo-Slav friendships, ho nation hut has had a' persecution of the Jews. Canute banished tliem in 1020, and Cromwell restored them 030 years later. Louis XIV. boforo ho was " hull-dozed " into piety by Madame do Maintonpn, ordered tho Israelites out of Franco within a month, under pain of being oxoouted and their goods confiscated. And, despite tho fresh testimony of Madame Severine the Jews were persecuted oven in Rome in 1804. The Portuguese practised tho best short way with tho Jows in tho fifteenth century by baptising them en Moo and onlling them "Now Christians. ' Tho Czar Alexander in 1820 took a leaf out of the Portuguese hook by granting free lands to all converted Jews on the shores of the Sou of Azof, aud ton years later ho accorded tho 'title of first-olnss citizen ship to tho Jows who merited it. It is Baron de Hirsoh who now grants to tho Russian children of Israel, -land concessions in tho Americas, while England and Franco bestow the oitizonship on the docendonts of the tribes. In Paris the Portuguese Jews arc tho most go-a head branch of the race. Whilo France nnd Germany are wrangling over the appropriation of 1,000 for tho holding of a World s Fair, they are organising for tho year of grace 1898, tho 3,796th anniversary of tho covenant that God mado with Abraham. Chicago has noth ing to outbid that novelty. Precautions are being taken to boycott tho Russian cholera, perhaps the only article de Itussc Franco cholines. The boiiightod moujiks in .presence . of' tho plaguo continue to stone thodootors; massacre tho hospital - nurses, and gut the apothecaries' shops. General Baranoff, tho Governor of Novgorod, has a rodicnl way for dealing with tho spoutors who onll upon tho pooplo to rise against tho dootors, &o.; Ho has thoin all arrested and ordered to assist in tho hospitals the earing, of tho oholora patients. AtKarkov, tho Governor baaordorcd the re stitution of their revolvers— called in 13 years ago — to their owners for solf-defoneo against the fanatical mobs. The notaries are working overtime drawing up Inst wills and testaments. Tho doctors in their off moments doliver lectures on precautions against cholera, while others, in the ease of Mussulmans, quote elegant oxtracts from tho Koran inouloating eleariunoss as next to prophotliness. In Paris opinion indicates tho Zoo Gardens as a centre of infection ; it is an old and badly drained quarter in any oaso, and in several of the contiguous streets are rag shopB and memento tuori lodging houses. Seine water, not inaptly ' colled " oholora juice, ' ' is The July quarter day has boon extremely trying for many tenants in Paris, proof that tho hard times havo not yet blown over. Tho poliee-magistratos have certain sums placed at thoir disposal to relievo tho moBt indigent. A landlord can oviot instantor any tonont not up j to time, noon on quarter day, by depositing , their stioks in tho street, when tho police ns kindly as possible ask the owners to "move on" with their pollutes. The latter can bo seized by. tho landlord save the bedding and. olothing absolutely indispensablo, within the spaeo of a week, but lie must inour law ex penses— as for any odium, why ho can laugh at that. The inspector of the polioe supervises tho seizure by tho bailiffs, any resistants or inter- forcrs are immediately arrested and after a few days tried and aonviotcd to prison for three days or sixmonths' more or less "hard." That summary conviotion would, not he popular in Ireland. The socialists hore are preaching up thogospolof "no rent." Thoy denounce landlords as' the worst of men for exaotingit, and assort that it is tho houndon duty of the Stato to pay the rent for those who oannot ao so. If the State could he prevailed upon to feed and clothe also those distressed in estate ! Lieutenant Mizon resumes in a few days his voyage up the Niger to execute tribal treaties and establish trading depots. This timo he will avoid writing heartfelt thanks letters to Agent Flint, - or -obtaining supplies , on credit from the Niger Company. His good-byo re ception by M. Carnotis the retort courteous to Lord Aberdare's condemnation of Mizon' s "goings on" in that part of Africa. The in- oiuent will not promote1, brotherly lovo between the two nations. Lieutenant Mizon will make for Lake Tohad, and once there will trek enst- wurd to meet the Russian scientific expedition woridug for two years past through Abyssinia to Western Soudan. The Siameso explorers may light on the Mezzoramin country. G. di Lucca claims to have resided there for 25 years ; it is accessible by only one road whioh is un known to the rest of the world. It is a terres trial paradiBO and its government, laws, and oustoms would make tho mouth of a Ravaoholist wutor. Would it not bo better for England to "Boom-do- ay" that bonanza than playing commercial treaty with Muley Hassan ? Fez is not worth a mass. In any case civilisation must be very advanced in and around Abyssinia, as Bruce rolntos'he oncountorcd ono lady with her soren divorced husbands dancing attendance pn hor. Professor Lovasseur indulges in suoh kaleidoscopic shakings of the copulation statis tics recording the dying ou£ of the Gaulish race, so whittles away tho causoB of tho dwind ling, that ho promises to convinco himself there is no deoreaso at nil. Wlion Bishop Berkeley said "there was no matter." And proved it— twos no matter what ho said. Tho professor maintains that though the produc tions of ngrioulturo have doubled and the wages of farm hands triplod during tho last 160 years, tho rural population has remained stationary. Now tho ery of all fnrmor is, wo wont manual labour. M. do Foville assorts that where tho soil is much divided the population diminishes, yet in Normandy where holdings are relatively largo'and tho owners wealthy, there most mon decay. Ho adds, that her laws on tho succession of property havo enabled tho United Kingdom — whose area is but one-half that of France— to bring upinthreo oonturies hor population to a fraotion over 38,900,009 and so greater than that of Franoe, besides hiving off riiillions for colonisation. The Palace of Industry is now holding an exhibition of not "los," but "Dea Arts de la Fomme." It is a most attractive and Instruc tive salmagundi,' illustrative of tho industries, ways, and means for tho dressing, ornaments,- tion, and embellishing of the fair sex from re mote to.modorn times. Tho wholo show is ohio. It is a pity it was not opened on May Day instead of Lammas. There is nothing mnsau- lino in tho whole oxhibita savo perhaps ' in a retrospective show ease where figures hunting hreeolies' belonging' to ono of tho Grande MademoiBedles, perhaps tho Dno de Lnuzan's strong minded spouBO. Tho orchestra is superior, tho performere ' aro well paid, so tho wind instrumentalists do not look as martyrs blowing away their laHt breath. Artist Poiipot has a diorama of seven paintings illustrative of tho seven stages of toilottes, from the Revolu tion to' the close of tho Second Empire. Tho gallery is as dark as tho Valloy of the Shadow of Death, and a policeman in the back ground with a bullsoye lantern, has an on-the-lookout- for-Ravaoholitos air, whioh produces "creopl- noss" like a shilling shocker, or a Merry Christmas brewed ghost story. The pictures aro lumpy, the wearers of. tho toilettes grumpy, and their appearance dumpy, ' I bate a dumpy woman. Mio pictures want air and anima tion. The side hulls of tho gallery ore the most attraotive because filled with rare ourios — all loans. The colleotion of full dressed busts to show off thb various stoles of dressing the hair from Phryne to Cora Pearl is very success ful. What elegant sinners fluttered round the court of the once Cupid King, Louis XV. ; what sednotion - In powdhr, ' what ruin in a mouoho. The oolleotion of Japanese exhibits is superb ; yon oould delightfully gaze for hours on the needlework ornithology from the Land of the Chrysanthemums. . There are speoimms of industrial designs, art, and soamstresSy from tho chief professional girls' schools of Europe, &o.; In linen-work Austria is first, 'Russia is two oonturies behind. Kensington has sent over a selection of designs from various drawing sohools, a few good, but the general lot hnd. Not a date setting forth the yoar of oxeoution is given on any of tho drawings. Tho Brompton boilers people have forgotten that tho exhibition is comparative in its aims. If tho samples of English sohool de signs are the produots of 1870 tho output is fair, if of 1891 it is very poor indeed. Happily applied designs in English industries disarm continentals somewhat. ..The annual epidemic, the .'distribution of college and sdhooFprizes, has passed over to the delight of all conoornod. No prize winner has experienced tiny' nooldent from carrying homo quite a library of premium volumos, certain rarely to he- read and disappearing in due oourse like the snowflake on the rivor. Frizes aro bettor than punishment for intelleotuul laggards. In Egypt the best stlok for thrash ing a scholar is that seasoned by wliooktng u donkey. The English will in timo abolish this evil, and it is hoped will precedo tho evacuation question. St. Gorome relates that tho ohief employment for a Roman sohooluinator was to boat the boys. Many able men, Mclanotlion, JolinBoii, and poor "Goldy," avowed that wero it not for the taws they would have never learned anything. Luther was thrashed its often as 12timesaday, sothathis "reformation" was natural. Contrary to tho popular belief Dauphins wore not flogged by deputy, and some Crown Frinoos of Prussia, know what it was to havo" awful dads." The Due de Montausier was the official whippor into good conductforLouisXTV.'sson. Thelhtterreoeived blows that would make a ploughboy wince, and Bossuet was often an indifferent spootator to the infliction of tho rod on tho baok of tho Grand Dauphin. The distribution of prizes day is windbagism let loose. In tho seventeenth oentury only ono such fete took placo in Faris, at tho Collego Louis Le Grand annually. Two hundred bishops attended, 7,006 auditors wore invited, and royalty presidod. The mutual admiration business was expressed in Latin, a tonguo tho ladies thon comprehended. Tho Fort Royalists forbade pupils to reoeive congratulations on their progress, and Loeko I think agreed with them. Many students discard prizes. Lamar- tino confessed he accoptod his merely to ploase his mother. In 1793, Roign of Terror year, prizo pupils received only a orown of oak Icuvoh and "a copy of the Constitution "—in tho J ncobin's Club too. Tho most appreciated prize system was that instituted by tho little college of St. Louis 20 years ago. Tho pupils wore woekly rewarded by sugar stioks, and tho latter wove preferred to gilt paper medals, books, and deiurution crosses. Madame Cumpan utilised tho bourds at tho Legion d' Honnour Aondomy for poor officers' daughters. The blue ribbon girl hod a hoe planted in her honour and a board was attached thereto setting forth hor scholastic prowess. Many years ago an eccle siastic presided at ono of tho Paris lyeeums in a tournoi on stilts which wound up tho soholastie year. At tho conclusion of tho contest the rivals unanimously voted a medal'of honour to tho president, whioh was found in his clothing after boing shot — for tho president was the Archbishop of Paris, Mgr. Darboy — in 1871 by the communists. It appears that the widow of a French officer does not lose her pension on remarrying, pro vided her second husband bo French. Ordi narily the ponsion is one-third of tho salary attached to tho husband's rank. If ho be killed in battle tho ponsion is tho moiety of his salary. Thore is no law in Franco obliging a divorced wife to ronounoo tho use of her ox -husband's name. Tho j urisoonsults allege that in marrying she acquired no lognl right to his numo, so has nothing to loso. Thore are two stars of the mnsioal world who havo shot from their marital spheres and who appear on the bills with their husbands' names, though divorcees, and tho Toulouse courts in ono case ruled that tho lady was right, though hor ox-husband has re married. . . 