Slabs and Slices. New Stock Of Books At tbe TIMES Stationery Repository. Mulgoa Arbor Day a big success. A wet Arbor Day. Ob what a shame ! Penny Novels at tbe TIMES Repository. Go to W. H. Barlow for your Groceries, etc., etc.* Tbe Anglican Synod was opened on Tuesday. Send to W. H. Barlow for your Groceries, Produce, etc.* Primitive Methodist Anniversary, Sep tember 4th and 5th. Tenders for building verandah, &c.;, are invited by Mr. E. Ireland. ? The new coach now does the trip to Mulgoa in less than an hour. During July there were 1172 births and 402 deaths in Sydney and suburbs. Watch the red flag-while tbe flag is flying the sale continues. Noble & Co.* The strike of Paris cabdrivers has col lapsed, and the men are returning to work. Household furniture, fancy goods, for auction sale at tbe Foresters' Hall on Wed nesday. Mr. P. G. King, M.L.O., has been ap pointed a trustee of the Free Public Library in Sydney. Dr. Herbert Vaughan was invested on Tuesday with the pallium as Archishop of Westminister. The French newspapers state that the Queen is secretly displeased at Mr. Gladstone's success. It is reported that a number of Scotch depositors intend withdrawing their money from Australian banks. The daily average of boys on board the training ship Vernon during the 12 months ended April 80 was 280. Special meeting of " King's Daughters " Society at the Church of England School room on Tuesday, at 8 p.m. It is proposed to reduce the amount paid to members of tbe Queensland Assembly from £800 to £150 per annum. An address is to be presented to Mr. Eddy by the residents of Katoomba express ive of sympathy and confidence. The- Queensland, budget speech was delivered last night. The year's operations resulted in a deficit of £152,000. Dr. Renwick has secured 20,000ft. of additional space for New South Wales exhibits at the Chicago Exhibition* . Frank P. Slavin has challenged Peter Jackson to a fight. Should the latter decline Slavin will meet Joe Goddard. Canon Baynes, of Twickenham, near London, has been committed for trial, charged with assaulting two young girls. The new Tasmanian Ministry has been lormed, and the Assembly has passed a bill authorising the issne of £150,000 worth of Treasury bills. In the Queensland Assembly on Thursday Sir Samuel Griffith introduced the new Constitution Bill dividing the colony into two provinces. Lord Knutsford has intimated that the prerogative of mercy will in futre be vested in the colonial Governments and not in the colonial Governors. The American mine owners in Tennessee and Bridgeport have agreed to the union ists' terms, and to the withdrawal of convict labor from the mines. A new four-masted barque, when being towed from Greenock to Liverpool, sank during a squall, the oaptain and his wife and 22 seaman being drowned. The pointsmen on strike in Amerioa have burned four goods trains and a number of watchmen's houses and goods-sheds. Vfcey also wrecked a passenger train. Complaints are still prevalent as to depre datory equines and bovines who visit the gardens of local residents, and roost under the verandahs in High- street o' nights. Non-unionists are being engaged to dis place the American railway pointsmen on strike. The non-unionists and the lines are \- being protected by a strong force of police. A strike for increased wages has occurred among the pointsmen employed on the railway from New York to the Lehigh Valley. The men have resorted to serious acts of violence. The members of ihe Opposition in the Assembly have deoided to entertain Mr. G. H. Reid and Mrs. Reid at a pic-nio on the 29th instant, the leader of the Opposition having reoently married. The monthly meeting of the WeBleyan Temperance Society was held on Wednes day evening, a fair' number being present. Readings, recitations, dialogues, singing, etc., were the order of the evening. The Central Australian was greatly exer cised in a reoent issue about the Council Clerk of Bourke, who it asserts rules with a rod of iron, the wooden- headed Mayor, and the (more or ICBS) addle-pated Aldermen. Mr. Lyne informed a deputation on Thursday that tenders would shortly be invited for all cast-iron pipes likely to be required by the Works Department for a number of y ears, these pipes to be manu factured in the c olony. The American railway pointsmen on strike have blocked the railways, out tele graph wires, terrorised the non-unionists, and burned the Lehigh railway station, together with 270 railway carriages. Two regiments of soldiers are engaged suppres sing the outrages. The miners at NaBhville, Tennessee, !,.t ..( made a seoond attack on tho minos, with the object of seizing and deportirg the convicts employed there. Desperate fighting ensued between the minors and the military, with the result that the miners were repulsed ,t A warder and 12 men were killed, and 20 wounded. The miners, however, succeeded in releasing 200 convict labourers. In con sequence of the disturbed state off affairs, troops are being massed in the district on foot, the miners having destroyed the rail road by means of dynamite in order to pre vent the conveyance of troops to the scene of the riots. The railway employees who have gone out on strike on tha Brie and Lehigh Rail weys, at Buffalo, New York Sate, have been charged and dispersed by troops. It is feared that the drivers and stokers on the New York Central Railway will join in the strike movement. Mr. Pugh and Miss Walker were driving along the bridge over South Creek on Friday last when the king-bolt of their buggy broke. Mr. Pugh was thrown out and narrowly escaped being thrown over the bridge into the water below; Miss Walker retained her seat. Luckily, neither were hurt; and the horse being a quiet one the vehicle was not otherwise injured. Sample of Rook wood Aldermanic blarney: " You're an old fool." " One of them aspires to be the champion chairman of the world, and the champion liar of Rook wood." " A public platform performer, and a press liar." "There's another pillar of the church. They're all tarred with the one brush. They go up in the pulpit on Sun days, and then go to concoct lies against the three with tlio pillar of another church who sells bad spirits on the same day." Thus a London gossip : A correspondent sends me the following incident, which ho hopet is not a chestnut." I sincerely hope so, too. A short time ago a strolling com pany gave a performance of " Macbeth " at a seaside resort. The aspirates of the Macbeth were not on a level with his aspir ations, and when, on seeing Banquo's ghost, he shouted in stentorian tones, " 'Jfince, unreal mockery ; 'euco, 'enco, 'ence! " the house vftte greatly moved. But when the ghost, with a white sheet tucked round liis neck, sat down on a chair in the middle of the stage, and a gentleman in the pit asked him," Shave or hair cut, sir ?" the audience gave way to tears. A contemporary has this tragedy of T's The thunder threatened, the tempest tossed the trees, throwing their trembling trucklets topsy-turvy. Tripping towards the town, Theresa thought. " to-night Theodore threads the tiresome thoroughfares thinking things that " Thud ! The terrified truant turned to trace the threatening turmoil. There towards the toll-gate tramped Theodore trying to throttle two thieves. " Take to the timber, Theresa,'' thundered Theodore. "Tell that to timid things," thought Theresa, treading tiger-like towards the trio. Then, telling Theodore to throw the taller thief. Theresa taking taking t'other's toga, tied through the thickness the thief'B throat. Thus termin ated the terrible troubles ot the twain. They turned triumphantly to town to tell the tale, To-morrow ties them together. The following notice (says the New York Tribune) has been distributed in the pews of a church in Somerville, Massachusetts : " It may not be inappropriate to call the attention of the audience to the bad habit they have fallen into of watching people who come in late, especially those who have new clothes. These late comers are modost people, and it must be a serious annoyance to have their raiment a subject of remark. They wear it unconsciously, and they profur that you would not notice them. The Sunday services are at half-past 10 and half-past 7, for the benefit of all those who desire to spend an hour in worship ! but for all those who have recently . visited the tailor, and milliner, and dressmaker the morning service begius anywhere from half past 10 to 11 and tho evening service 10 minutes before 8. For the benefit of tho very tardy ones the announcement is hereby made that the Benediction will be the only portion of the servico in whioh they are respectfully invited to participate." Francis Abigail, formerly chairman of directors of the Australian Banking Com pany (now in liquidation) was arraigned on Monday at tho Central Oriminal Court on the charge of having on 19th January, 1890, concurred in the making of a false entry in the monthly return-book of the company, under date 81st December, 1889, by concurring the entry of £1565 19s 7d as the total amount of bills discounted during the month of December. On a second count tho accused was charged with having concurred in the omission of certain material particulars from the monthly return-book, viz., the name of himself from amongst those having overdrafts with the com pany, and tho amounts thereof. On the third count the accused was charged with having, on the 81st December, 1889, con curred in the publishing of a certain written statement containing a false account of the total amount of bills discounted with the Australian Banking Company during the month of December, 1889, with intent to deceive. The accused pleaded not guilty, and was represented by Mr. George Wal lace. Mr Armstrong applied to have, the trial postponed till next sitting, on the ground that it would be more convenient for the whole of the cases in connection with tho Australian Banking Company to bo taken at the one sitting. His Honor granted the application. The acoused was released on bail, the sureties being fixed in the same amount as at the lower oourt. A New England minister lately astonished his congregation by telling them " that Bomo theologians write books that would knock Moses into pie." At a public ooncert the other evening in America, a young lady created a great stir by appearing with a string of oranges round her neolc. It was a happy idea, and is capable of development. _ A necklaoe of pumpkins would look stylish. Gentlemen might adorn themselves with collars of beef steaks, whioh would not only ornamental but useful in the event of any difference of opinion necessitating the application of a stoak to a gqntleman's oyo. 