THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1892. The butter factory movement appears to-be slowly but suroly “ catching on” with tlio landholders in this district, by whom the dairying industry is looked upon as the silver lining to the black cloud of depression that has so long prevailed, causing financial embarrassment to many and absolute ruin to several struggling settlers. An old, proverb has it that out of evil good often cometh. The misfortunes which have overtaken a • goodly number of farmers in this district will doubtless induce them to put their heads together and devise some meaus for tho amelioration of their condition. The remedy is close at hand. The experience of other districts where butter factories and creameries have boomed and raised the fallen fortunes of settlors whoso lot was as hard as the worst in this locality, offors a valuable object lesson which our local farmers and graziers are beginning to avail themselves of. If anything were needed in that direction, the facts and figures quoted by the Government dairy expert on his recont visit to these parts should convince our farmers that there is money in dairying under the factory system, and that any delay in putting that system into practice means money lost to them. Mr. Wilson is a very old dairyman and speaks with the wisdom of experience gained in the old and new schools of dairying. His utterances on one or two matters in particular are worthy of more than passing attention. He spoke with no uncertain sound upon the quostion of butter factory managers, and warned his hearers of the number of pretenders —lie went so far as to call them mountebanks — abroad, whoso chief credential appears to be an unbounded opinion of their own powers, but who, on being put to the test, are found by the.disgusted directors and suffering shareholders to possess tho maximum of assurance and ■ the minimuni of ability. Unquestionably, a butter factory, like any other business con cern, may be made or marred by its .manager; and, naturally, this con sideration is causing the directors of dhe Tallnngattn Company no little concern. Mr. Wilson; however, had a suggestion to make under this lioad which;was applauded by all those who heardiit; and which the directors will not be slow to considor with a view to its adoption. Mr. Wilson re commended the selection of a sharp, industrious local young man—one having a tasto for dairying—and sending him to serve an apprentice ship to the business- in auy good factory; and doubtless that young man would come back better fitted to manage a. butter factory than many of those incompetents who we are told are all there at' making good pro fessions but cannot make good butter. It is certain that, our district is too late in tho field to participate in the bonus for butter factories; but it muy be hoped that the Government, 'appreciating the success which has attended the bonus system for'the encouragement of dairying, will see its way to further stimulate the industry by re-voting the bounty, if only on a modified scale. Still, it will be readily understood that latter day factories which do not share in tho bonus are more favorably circum stanced than tho pioneor bounty- fed establishments which started out on a somewhat procarious path, and had numerous and diilicult obstacles to encounter, which, without State assist ance, would probably have proved insurmountable.- Mr. Wilson’s ro marks on the subject of ensilage wore attentively listenod to by practical farmers "among his hearers. Iu another column we reprint from Mr. Thompson’s practical treatise on “Silos and Ensilago” a fow facts and figures, which go to show what a cheap and • effective means of providing winter fodder is supplied by the silo system, ;.The system is simplicity itself, and no doubt as the dairying /industry extends we shall shortly see a silo on ovory selection, while the cows.whose “skin ami hone’’ con dition forced Mr. Wilson to use strong tortus of condemnation of- lost oppor tunities will have disappeared like 'ghosts'intd the vanished past. Perhaps the most pertinont iptostion put to the. expert was that concerning the best, breed of cows, for dairying purposes. An impression; got,, abroad that tho introduction .of 'tl»b butter factory system would- necessitate farmers dis posing oftheir prohibit' hybrid herds and. going iu for pure-bred dairy cattlo. This was a consideration which naturall)' occasioned no small amount of concern '-in the minds of struggling; settlors/ ' It was . rather re- assuring to : hCftr* ffotU'--. such a, practical dairyman o-ns Mr.'; Wilson that as good results are obtainable from a nondescript milker; worth £3 ■ 10s. as from a fancy Ayrshire animal costing £30. What he advised was tho procurement of a selected sire and the culling of cows. In parts of Gippslaud where butter factories lire in full swing, dairymen will lute nothing to do with the Aldernefs, because that breed, while copious milkers, are almost useloss for the butcher. We think that our farmers would do well to act upon Mr. Wilson’s suggestion in this regard; and we might point out that in the Benalla district the operation of spaying old cows has been followed with successful results, the operation tending to tho incroase of flosh and fitting the animals for the butcher. The utility of keeping pigs in con nection with dairying .is being re cognised by many farmers, and we may expect to see the business of pig rearing going band iu hand with tho production of milk on every well kept daily farm. Dairymen, who have had experience of both waj’s of disposing of their skim-milk pro nounce tho profits from the rearing of swine to he far and away greater than those derived from fooding it to their calves. Aud although an incentive to beef- raising is afforded by the increased duty on cattle, it must be remembered that swine are protected by the increased impost to tho extent of 10s. per head, so that tho raising of pigs will still form a most im portant auxiliary to dairying. 