(Ol;pyright.y SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. Br an M.D. Author of * Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross , Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love 'with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," Ac., La. JHAPTEU VI. THE MARQUIS WINS. The hot noonday sun was pouring its torrid rays over the village of St. flracques, when Jack Jtrandon descended to breakfast on the day following his visit with the Marquis de Dijonnais to the club. Brandon's temper was evidently as fiery as the sun, for none of the outspread delieacies met with approbation, nor did his sister's attention to his wants elicit anything butexpressions of disapproval. Human endurance lias its limits, and Ethel's patience at last gave way beneath lier brother's ac cumulated load of vituperation. "I shall leave you to your own devices until you have recovered your politeness," she exclaimed. " 1 suppose I ought to say I am sorry for such an exhibition of petulance," he retorted, gruffly. "But tin: stifling heat is enough to upset anyone's temper." "I will take that as an apology, although it is a verv poor one," answered Ethel with an appearance of vivacity. "Sow, what are your projei^s for to day ? " I hardly know yet, but De Dijonnais will be Iwre to a lunch a l*Anglaise, and he will make : arrangements for us." "Surely you cannot mean that the Marquis j Intends calling here to-day?" exclaimed Ethel, j changing colour. j "And, pray, why should he not?" asked her brother, satirically. "You probably know the reason as well as I do " | answered Ethel. "I only imagined that he liad better taste." " You are right. I do know why he should be conspicuous by his absence; but in still continuing his visits he is acting by my advice." "Then I must blame you as well as the Marquis j for such an utter want of good feeling," said Ethel, J angrily. " I cannot help it," replied Jack, roughly. "It is I my duty to'get you married as well as possible, and j as such a chance as this will never occur again I don't intend you to lose it." "You are an altered man since we have been in | France," replied Ethel, with a little sob. "You . never used to treat me so imperiously or lose your j temper so frequently. I am sure you must liave something on your mind 1 Tell me what it is, Jack, dear. Is it a money difficulty ? Have you been gambling ? " Brandon started violently at his sister's question. For a moment he stared at her with a terrified ex pression, and then lowered his eyes and bowed his head on his hands. A painful silence ensued for some minutes, until he slowly raised his head and looked furtively at his sister. "What are your ' grounds for assuming me to be a gambler ?" he asked iu a low voice. "This!" exclaimed Ethel, holding before her astonished brother the piece of paper she had picked up the previous evening. "Good Heavens!" ejaculated Brandon. "Surely De Dijonnais lias not been so mean as to make you a present of tliat ? " "No, lie is not quite so bad as you think," replied I Ethel. "But I verily believe that he encourages! you to gamble so as to get you into his power, . hoping by this means to make sure of me. Now, a man who can act in such a manner is a villain and uulit to associate with gentlemen ; I therefore | beseech you to pay him this money, and at the same time announce your intention of returning to . England immediately. In this way I shall avoid ! his persecution, and you will be able to drop his j acquaintance." Brandon did not respond to his sister's exhorta- ! tion, but liis face grew more haggard and his brow contracted with a sharp spasm of paiu. " I cannot1 do what you advise," he gasped out, "for I am j more thoroughly iu his clutches than you imagine, i This I.O.U. is only one out of many such, and if he j were to press for payment I should be utterly ruined." "Oh, Jack, why did you allow this man to trick you ? " moaned Ethel. He knew that I would re ject him, and consequently planned this foul method of gaining me through your misery and ruin! But he shall not attain his ends, even if I have to beg inv bread to pay him. Come, I say, let us face our misfortunes boldly, put our joint capital together, and get out of the Marquis's clutches." "It cannot be done!" groaued Brandon. "If 11 were to realise your money as well as my own, Ij should still be two thousand pounds short. There j is only one cliance left me, and tliat is to keep steadily to the gaming table until luck changes. 11 assure you tliat I have not a gambler's madness, j and liave long been tired of tlie whole business. ; But what could I do ? When I discovered a fort-\ night ago tliat I had become so heavily * dipped,' I felt compelled to continue to play until I had re couped my losses." "DonTgo near the tables again," pleaded Ethel. "You would only keep on losing, but as it is wej can settle everything except two thousand pounds, j and the Marquis must allow tliat to stand over. I, can easily get a governess's situation, and I do not' think you would liave much difficulty in obtaining j a good appointment. Let us do anything ratliei . tlian he beholden to Mons. de Dijonnais, or attempt to raise our fallen fortunes by a continuance of i this detestable gambling." "I say, Ethel!" suddenly exclaimed her brother, i " I see the way to clear off a quarter of the sum ' S owe. Give me the document you picked up." "What do you waut it for?" asked Ethel. ; "To tear into very small pieces, and thus pay; off three thousand odd pounds worth of debts,"' replied her brother. , "Is gambling at the root of all evil. Jack ? Has i it so blunted your sense of honour as to allow you 1 to take such a despicable advantage of an ac cident ?" i "The Marquis has had many an-advantage ovei j me, and I think it would only be a perfectly fair i return," said Brandon, sullenly. "I do not believe' that 1 liave lost all my money fairly, and therefore j ail to see the harm in destroying a piece of papei j 1 was foolish enough to sign under the influence ni j excitement." "If we are poor, if we are absolutely destitute of i means to obtain our next meal, let us still preserve ' the priceless gem of honesty. Let uot the Marquis j cast it in our teeth that our honour flew away with our riches, but rather let him tell his friends that a son of Albion prefers poverty to a tarnished name." " You are right, F.thel.and I am a miserably weak fool, whose head iu half- da/.ed with the contempla tion of the misfortunes my unpardonable folly bits lirouglit upon you. What is the posiliou to which 1 have reduced you ? That is the question which lias hacasscil in.- for many days, and I could only evade it by hoping for your alliance with De! Dijonnais. When you shewed me your determina- ! tion to have nothing to do with him, I grew moody i and irritable, and begau to treat you badly. But inv ] affection for 5'ou baa never really waned, and tlte only j reason for my attempting coercion was tliat I might j save you the pain of knowing my foolish conduct, j by urging you into a marriage with a man whose ' silence was to be purchased by your sacrifice. In ■ {•lain language, I was a coward, and intended to 1 victimise you rather than face the reproaches with which you would receive the news of my having wasted your fortune as well as niv own." "I do not blame you at all," replied Ethel. "You ate a very young man, and the Marquis is con siderably your senior. He has traded upon your inexperience with, I believe, a settled determination ' to effect our ruin. His {dot is successful, anil it now only ri-mains for us to look bravely into tlie future." "Good Heavens, what an awful future!" ex claimed Brandon, with a sharp ring of anguish in his 1 voice. "I can see nothing hut abject penurv before us! I was not brought up to a profession; I am totally unqualified for mercantile pursuits and 1 j could not Slave at a desk all day long. I am fit for ! ■ .•thing;! cannot even dig, and to beg I am1 asuamed ! My life has become a perfect/asco through ! uiad folly; ft is profitless, and not worth living." j I , A dark, gloomy, remorseful tone pervaded every | won! uttered l»y Brandon, and pro luced a feeling of : alarm in his sister. He had evidently acquiesocMl in ' her resolution to reject any furtnef offer from Da ; Dijonusis, for lie had ceased to urge her on this ] point, lie had also tacitly consented to tlie return ■ of tiic I.O.C., and by giving up tln-ss two tilings j | the. very ground seemed cut from beneath Jus feet. ! There appeared to liim no otlier clinnce of salvation, i and Ethel, tliercfore., interpreted his last speech as ' containing a vague threat of suicide—that last resort of the ruined gamester! i " Despondency is worse than useless,** she said. "Vou are a man with strong arms and intellectual S brains, whereas 1 am only a weak woman, but with | sufficient, resolution to compter the world ai d I evolve ;v future, happiness out of our present misery, i I am determined to look forward hopefully, and you ; in ypur manhood must do the same !" "It is useless for tue. to strive," lie answered. "1 I have wilfully thrown away my chances, and must ! therefore pay tlie penalty. I have no {rawer to earn i a living, and liad better make room for those who ! have." " Vou are a coward !" replied Ethel, with an as sumption of anger she was far from feeling. She, poor girl, hoped to arouse within him a spark or : indignation at being so stigmatised. Anything was I better than his fixed hopeless look, -which told that | he was morbidly brooding over an awful deed. | Could she but change tlie current of his thoughts, : could she only lash him into furious anger—she felt | that he might be weaned from this horrible idea. I She tried very hard; she hurled at his head every jpprobrious epithet her gentle tongue could utter, 1 but it was all in vain, for he sat desperately silent J beneath them, and refused to wince at her most i ; poignant shafts. | Wlalst she was thus occupied in battling with the demon of despair, the door bell rang, and a moment .after De Dijonnais's voice sounded in tlie hall. A ' tremulous feeling of horror ran through her as she listened to tlie deep tones which, till very recently had conveyed nothing but pleasure to her,but which were now associated with the darkest moments of her life. She glanced at her brother,as he dejectedly sat with his head buried in his hands,and seemingly oblivious to all else except his own misexy. He was not the man to face misfortune with a bold front— bis {.resent pitiable condition -would reveal bis weakmindedness to the merest outsider; neither was j it safe lo leave liim alone with his maddening thoughts until hours of reflection had cooled them down to less sombre tints. Ethel was in a dilemma. She dared not leave him in such a mood, yet it was imperatively necessary ilia' she should have a final interview with the Mar quis, and tax liim with his iuiquities with all the indignant force of which she, was capable. The events of the last few hours had taught her the lessws of a lifetime,and one of these was the value of promptitude. After the slightest hesitation, she r -solved upon her course of conduct, and as the : *sc -vant entered to announce that the Marquis J awaited her in the drawing- room, she approached j lrer brother and took his hand, j "Jack, dear, I am going to see Monsieur de . Dijonnais. Will you promise to await my return, for 1 fancy 1 have found a means of escaping from | all this dreadful poverty, and I should lie glad to tell you that I have been successful ? 1 have made up my mind to meet him halfway and make certain concessions; so cheer up and look toward to my coining back with good news." "Trust a woman's quick wit for solving the most I hopeless problem! " exclauied Brandon, raising his ' head and brightening up. "Go, Ethc-l, and may success attend you!" He did not inquire what the project was which had so suddenly clianged her firm acceptance of poverty into a hopeful glimpse of comfort. He was quite content to hear that there existed a chance of her being able to retrieve theit fortune, and there fore forebore to ask questions the answers to wliicli, if allowed to go unchallenged, might tend to bis further humiliation. Ethel's head was aching ar.d her heart throbbing with wild tumultuous despair as she left her brother and passed out to her interview with tlie Marquis. For a moment she stood still in the passage and leaned against the wall to support her tottering limbs and trembling frame, and to regain an appearance of composure she was far from feeling. There, in solitude, she fought out her battle, con quered, and went with a calm face to voluntarily forge the links of her harsh fate. Otlier women had before now surrendered themselves to a lot no harder than one she was about to choose and for much less noble aims; they had survived the shock, had become good wives and liappy mothers, and had at last come to regard tlie heartbreaking sorrow which had modified their lives as an unpleasant incident of juvenile folly! Time would be as merciful to her as to others, and she might therefore con fidently look forward to contentment, if not to actual happiness. Tu.-se uiooghts passed rapidly through her mind as she stood holding the handle of the door, hesi tating and dreading to enter, yet longing to get the interview over as quickly as possible. In another instant her timidity vanished, and she entered the room with admirable self-possession. Ho,I Madlle. Brandon!" exclaimed the Marquis, with a gay and sprightly air, just as if he had never proposed tc nor been rejected by her. " I have had the good fortune of securing tickets to view the latest collection of Assyrian antiquities. Will you come ? They are well worth a visit,and 1 think you will be amused, for tliey contain amoDgst other things a choice assortment of articles for the feminine toilette, including stibium-pots and dyes for beautifying the hair or complexion." The Frenchman rattled on for some minutes with excessive volubility, as if desirous of hiding the awkwardness of his visit under much talking. At last want of breath forced him to pause, and gave Ethel her opportunity. "This visit is unexpected after what took place last night. Has Monsieur De Dijonnais forgotten the etiquette upon "Which he used to pride himself ? " " I crave your pardon for my breach of the observances," answered the Marquis. " But I refuse to be banished altogether. If I could not 6ee you I should go mad. Why can we not be friends although you will not marry me ?" "How can you suggest friendship under the circumstances?" asked Ethel. "Do you recall to mind the threatening look with which you favoured in * last evening as you bade me adieu ?" " Ah, you mistake !" said the Marquis, vehemently. " It was an expression of disappoint ment—deep bitter anguish—at my rejection." "It is a very peculiar method of shewing dis appointment. Did you also mean to convey a similar sentiment in certain words you used which I con strued into a threat to employ an underhand way of forcing me into a marriage with you't " "Ah, what is this grave accusation you are bring ing against me ?" said the Marquis, in an agitated \- Vour conscience is already accusing you !" replied Ethel, who did not fail to notice De i*'.joim.iisVs agitation. \- but I protest Lii&t; w "Excuse my interruption," said Ethel,breaking in ipon his protestation. "But 1 require a straight forward answer. Will you assure tne, upon tliat lonouryou set so much store by,that you have never thought of coercing my inclinations by some 6ubtle jroceeding, such for instance as reducing me to poverty or getting some one dear to me into your power ? " The Marquis flushed vividly and then his face twunie-i a pallor which was almost livid; he -•irii d sliarplv round and walked to the window, -/acre, he stood for a few moments without replying o Ethel's searching question. Although his face v-as turned from her, yet she. knew by the convul sive agitation of his arms that her words had called oitii some powerful emotion which was rending lis heart ill twain. At lasr. lie moved from the window and slowly yiproAclied Ethel's chair. "Your words have minded me deeply," he said. "Is it necessary hat. 1 should answer such a question ? " "IL is absolutely necessary.'' " Then I deny that 1 have ever sought to iurther .iy suit by the dishonourable me&us; you have eug ,s;ed," said the Marquis, iu a very low voice. A flush of indignation spread over Ethel's features .rhilst listening to this denial, and her eyes Jittered with a contemptuous light as she took a iiece of paper from her pocket and handed it to De Dijonnais. "You accidentally dropped tide last night. I restore it to yoa intact, with the request that you will let me know how many more you possess bearing the same signature." I De Dijonnais' self-possession again deserted fcta as he glanced at the tell- tale document. It was plain to him now that Ethel had ample reasons for her searching question, and that an absurd piece of carelessness on his part had given her the clue to bis plot. What could he do to right himself in the eyes of the woman he worshipped with too blind a devotion ? If he failed to remove the terrible sus picions she entertained against him,he would be for ever humiliated in her sight, for she would never forgive such baseness. "I will tear it up!" he at last exclaimed. " What care I for your brother's money il its possession cost me your esteem!" "Its destruction will not wipe nut the debt," an swered Ethel. "If the sum of money named on it was fairly won. it, must be paid whether you hold a security or not." "Hut, for your sake I wish to cancel the obliga tion. Surely it cannot, matter to you if 1 choose to refuse the money 'i urged the Marquis. "1 decline to argue, the question," was Ethel's freezing answer. "1 make no terms with a man who lias forfeited all title to my respect." "You are pitiless, merciless, as hard as a stone ! " said De Dijonnais, beginning to get iu tiled at tier uncompromising attitude. "Do not force me to say some bitter truths in revenge for all your con tumely." "You da not possess the slightest power tcwound my feelings, and therefore 1 do not dread your re velations." "Can 1 not put some passion into your mirt.de heart?" exclaimed the Marquis, irritated beyond en durance by her undisguised contempt. "Can I not make you writhe when I tell you that you are irre vocably ruined, and that I am the mm who every franc of your fortune; Uut to nu yog heart must look even for daily bread ? " Ethel leaned forward in her chair, fijjHPher eyt calmly on De Dijonnais, and gavea^rorancc to • bitter laugh. " I thank you foretelling me what I knew before," she said. "I perfectly aware hat. the man who has driven my brother to ll:t verge of suicide, and who has V/lictcd upon me tie most crushing misery conceivable was Monsieur d= Dijonnais." j Ethel's voice faltered at last. The recollection el her impending ruin and lier brother's disgrace was he final straw upon her overwrought feelings; the future revealed itself to her excited mind in such a sombre guise that she broke down and wept bitt -rly. In an instant De Dijonnais was by herald?, protesting liis devotion in a wild torrent of worts which she was at first too agitated to notice. As she became calmer she remarked the dejected anl grief- stricken air with which her companion was regarding ber, and sorrow, periiaps, made her some what more compassionate. "I never thought I should titter such words to a gentleman as I have to you, but if they have been too intemperate, you must attribute it to my great affection for my brother." "Your generosity puts fresh life into me," ex claimed the Marquis. "Hut I have merited all the harshness you have dealt out to me and more, for my devotion to you was so overpowering that I threw aside every principle of honour in order to make you my wife. My love is a species of mad ness, which, notwithstanding your scorn, still prompts me to commit all sorts of crimes to win you tojmyself. I am humble row, Ethel, and plead to you to save me from the awful abyss of despair into which life without you would plunge me. You are my Worship, my Religion; I can see no higher truths without your assistance. Help me then to save, my soul, mv honour "You are well aware Ui3t I have no love to give you," replied Ethel, whose heart was touched by Do Dijonnais9 passionate appeal. "You know that I had given myself long ago to Gerald Gray. Never theless, should a loveless wife seem desirable, I am willing to engage myself to you upon the under standing that on the day if our marriage you give m my brother's debts re a wedding portion. I need not explain to you that I am sacrificing my self for Jack's sake — that I am selling my free dom to redeem his fortune. I desire you to make no settlements upon me, for I have sufficient to keep me should I become a widow." The Marquis was stupefied at this unexpected lurn of events. The very thing he had been scheming for, almost bartering his soul for, was now offered him, and yet he hesitated to accept it! His inind, blinded as it was with its idolatrous worship of Ethel, almost declined to accede to such a stupen dous sacrifice, involving, as it must, the uuLappi ness of its beloved okiect -1 await your answer," said K.hel, alter a long silence. "Take me and pity me," exclaimed De Rijoi nais, throwing himself at her feet. "I iiave tried to act generously, hut have failed. My love is too a*h?< ik ing or too selfish to raise me to your ] itch of heroism, and whilst I rejoice in the thought of one day calling you mine, I experience a 1 itter feeling of degradation that I cannot be noble enough to release you from what must prove a hateful bondage." The Marquis was deeply moved as lie =c, ke. Passionate love and soul-felt remorse tyrannised over his mind in wild stormy gusts, and convulsed his frame with their violence. He was "a sight mist pitiful" in this final battle wherein ha yet attempted to redeem tlio honour he once had esteemed the most priceless possession of the Da Dij innais. He could not surrender this sweet English girl for whom he had staked so much—more than she could possibly dream of even if he were only a mere adventurer. For her sake he was prepared to sacrifice every high principle he formerly held dear, and to destroy every chance of happiness she possessed. T1 lough the mental com bat only served to strengthen his resolution, yet it produced a self-horror which made litnwtSB'.hn. himself. Ethel "was in total ignorance of all the tortuous ways by which the Marquis had effected his con quest. She knew only that he had won her brother's fortune, and had offered to restore it sooner than lose her esteem. Now that her excitement had toned down, she felt she ought to admire such generosity rather than condemn it; and then bis very evident hesitation to accept her as a sacrifice bespoke a greater nobility of character than she had given liim credit for ever since she liad discovered the fatal promissory note. She finally secede.i al together from her vantage - ground of iudigi-aot accuser when the Marquis exhibited an agony o." soul which seemed to her the very acme of moral s iffering. I "I deeply regret that my words have so wounded you," she gently said. "Tliey wore unjust, or they would not have called forth such strong tni'ticn, and I wish to retract them." ite Dijonnais stared aghast at the pity and regret in her voice, "t^ay no more ! " he exclaimed huskily. "Say no more, or my goad angel will return and I sha'l los.- you for ever, biot- n !lie continue i. •eic.ing her hands. "To you t I jok up as a re pentant sinner to his' God. It your face went turned from one, if you ever looked coldly or bitterly upon me, I should feel as if I were thrust from heaven. I could not bear it. l could not exist out of the reach of your smiles, and I should cease to be. You may imagine such devotiou, suck absorbing passion, to be the outcome of an ill balanced mind. Perhaps it is, but, be it what it i&oy;, it is to me the only object of my life, and upon it I have staked everything X hold dear Therefore, in the future tiiat is before us, promise me, as a return for the love and devi Lion with which I shall surround you, that you will not let tJu-;y gambling incidents embitter you against me., a-J*! that you will not taunt :ae with the method wi.ereby I obtained my wife ? " "I will be generous," answered Ethel, lurched the depth of the love lie displayed. "1 know the duties that will be required of me, and wil. strive to carry them out honestly." "Thank you ! " replied tie* Marquis simple, ilioue 1* with a pathos in his voice which sliruv.i ihat he was powerfully affected. When, a lew minutes later, the engaged coup!. entered the dining-room and told the momentous news to Jack Hraudou. that gentleman was petrifi-*.i with astonishment, or rather pretended to he so. for his quick penetration ha i divined Ethel's inten tions before silt! had gone to hex interview with the Uarauis. His appearance presented a marked cor. trast to the melancholic, suicidal cooditiob he ex* : hibitcd a short while ago. Av a bound lie Deemed , to have leaped from the depths of despair to a state of extreme hilarity, and in justice let it be said that this was not assumed, for was die not freed from penury and the carking cares it entails? Bis sister's saddened face passed umiotioed in thesun> aMae of liis own renewed prosperity, and thus 11 dime to pass that a high-sou led, s tlf- sacrificing girt ^JpPjibame the victim of two self-aeiktag men! . - V (To be continued.) 