GlEANINCS OF HUMOR. Frightened small boy—" Why, mamma, the minister's talking out loud in church and look ing right at me." * There are still too many people who enjov seeing a tin pan tied to the tail of some other man's dog. In this country they stand for office, in America they run, and in both countries they lie more or less. fr "Oh, Isaac, baby has swallowed a penny," cried mamma, in great alarm. Isaac--" Calm yourself. One would think he had swallowed a sovereign." Little Johnny is much perplexed to know why it is that he is compelled to go to bed at night when he isn't sleepy and forced to get up in the morning when he is. t llis Honor—"What made you steal this gentleman's door-mat?" Prisoner—"Sure, yer honor, it said 'Welcome' on it in letthers as long as your ar-r-m." Magistrate—*' You are charged with habitual drunkenness. What have you to say for yourself?" Prisoner—"Nothing, yer honor, nothing—only habitual thirst." Johnny was gaping. "Are you sleepy?" asked his brother. "My eyes are not sleepy. They keep open," answered Johnny. " Bub my mouth is sleepy and won't keep shut." " 'lis better to have loved and lost," llie poet sings in plaintive rhyme. Of course it is; for then you can Make love again some other time. A damsel of twelve, who disliked boys, wrote an essay upon tliem, in which she said— 'If I had my way half the boys in the world would be girls and the other half would be dolls." Mrs. Callagban—"I want to get a pair of shoes for my little boy." Shopman—" French kid . Mrs. C. (indignantly)—"Indade not. Hes me own son—born and bred in Oireland." Mrs. Joblots—"My husband never fails to come home to dinner." Mrs. Topfiat—u I sup pose vou always try to hav9 something good for him." Mrs. Joblots—"Oh, no: that would spoil all the pleasure he takes in grumb ling.-' Young Mr. Bilhngton—"Amy, my love, I wish_ we lived in the good old days, when a hnignb could fight for his lady love." Mis3 Cooington—"Why, George, dear; as for that you haven't asked papa's consent to our en gagement yet, you know." The wife of Professor Robson, who disliked the cant expressions of the religious tongue, had invited a gentleman to dinner, and be nad accepted with the reservation, "If I am spared;' "Weel, weel," said Mrs. Robson. if ye re dead 111 na expect ye." t:of°?-,er-? ChjW.—"Pa, tell me a nice story." ^ onau 1 tell you a ghost story, Jimmy?" No, pa, I don't care to hear any ghost story: haven t believed in ghosts since I was a child, lell me all about tne latest scandal in high life, and all that sort of thing." .-An elderly gentleman entering a church with his two nieces, who were attired in white, heard the clergyman about to begin his sermon wi.5 "Who are those arrayed in white; Old gentleman, with stiff but grace a w— My two nieces from London." A stoiit woman entered a crowded car, and seizing the strap stood on a gentleman's toes. As soon as he could extricate himself he arose and offered her his seat. " You are very kind, sir, she replied. "Not at all, madam," he replied ; ' it's not kindness, it's self-defence." -u/osh i^azing at the playbills)—" Well, ' ™ Jur5P. if I wouldn't be ashamed of myself r His Wife—What is the matter, Joshua.' Uncle Josh—"Why, that feller goes around the country advertising that he is supported by a 'charming young actress.' Why in thunder don't he go to work." Tt V'as ivery careless leaving the parrot in the parlor on Sunday evening, but she never thought anything about it till Monday morn ing', when Polly roused the whole house by making a smacking noise, and crying, "-Darling busie, darling Susie !" He kept it up'all day, too, and the old folks are much interested in the case. Employer—"You are having a decided flirtation with the girl who has charge of our telephone, wire?" Truthful clerk (with cold chills running up and down his spine, and with visions of instant discharge)—•' Y-e-e-s sir; but please sir-;—" Employer—"Well! keep it up. She will give more attention to our calls, if you do." Suitable Names for Wives.—Sexton's wife, Bell. Porter's wife, _ Carrie. Jeweller's wife, I™• Lawyer's wife, Sue. Farmer's wife, Iillie. Prinltr's wife, Em. Minister's wife, Grace. Gambler's wife, Betty. Gardener's wife, Rose. Musician's wife, Viola. Under takers wife, Nell. Fisherman's wife, Nettie, luhoemaker s wife, Peggy. Auctioneer's wife, Biddy. ' A parish beadle was once mucli exercised at the appearance of a strange old gentleman who, When the sermon was about to begin, took an ear trumpet (in ttvo parts) out of°his Pt't-ket and began screwing them together. The beadle watched him till the process was completed, and then, going steathily up, whispered. 'Ye mamma piay bbat here : if ye dae 111 turn ye cot." 