HYPNOTISM AND HUMBUO. " Dr. Eiixest Hart, ix the " Nke TRjaXTH CENTURY." In 1S37 the French. Academy a: -: pointed a commission to 'examine the marvels of blindfold subjects who had been submitted to what was.called ani mal magnetism. All their pretensions were dissipated: there was neither magnetism or any power of second sight. This report was disputed. Dr. Burdin then offered a prize of .4000 francs to any person, somnambulist or otherwise, who would read without the use of his eyes. Six candidates from different parts of France presented themselves, ; for ani mal magnetism and somnambulism were then epidemic. A new commission was appointed, new failures occurred. Trials went on until October 1840, when, atthe close of the series of ignominious failures, in which the tricks of euch pretender in succession were unmasked, the Academy . decided that it would no longer respond to any communications relative i to .this imposture and folly, miscalled animal magnetism and clairvoyance. ' The same thing occurred with. Sir James Simpson, who twenty " years ^afterwards,' when similar pretences were rife in the United Kingdom, and somnambulists arid clair voyants and thought-readers were taking, the stage again, offered to present a £500' note,' which he had locked in a,box and placed in a bank, to anyone who could read the numberi us it lay in thebox. the , , note was never claimed. Mr Labouclioro's" similar experiment with the so-called thought reader Bishop is of qriitc recent date, but -was performed under much less rigid circumstances, and by a person whose pretensions, although they excited a great deal of attention, were riiorc than usually absurd. Finally, let me refer to an aspect of the influence of suggestion which as a possible social danger has engaged the attention of lawyers ond physicians—the influerios. of deferred suggestion. It has been sliowu that not only will a hypnotic subject perforin unconsciously, under the in fluence of suggestion, acts which' are dangerous to himself and others, and which arc in themselves criminal—so that lie can ho made to thieve, to com mit arson, or to attempt violence—but that certain subjects can, there is reason to believe, be made to . receive a' sug gestion having in it a time-element. ■ He can be told, " On this day week, at: a given time, you will return to the hypnotic state, you "will go to a given place, you will steal such and such pro perty, or you will attack such and such a person, and you willnot remember who gave you the direction." , These are ex treme cases, and this is a surprising arid dangerous development of the influence of suggestion on the trained and prac tised hypnotic—that is to say, on the person who has habitually surrendered his will and made himself the creature of another. So complex is the brain as an organ of mind, that wc cannot attempt to fully explain the mechanism of this operation ; but there are facts within our ordinary knowledge which give, some clue even to this. There is a time ele ment m all nerve actions aud the opera tion of the brain. It is a very comnion, thing for a person who puts himself to sleep at night to say to himself, " I will wnkc at six o'clock to-morrow morning for I have to catcli a tram." That is ; a , familiar example of a deferred sugges- I tion operating 'at a moment indicated | several hours before. In abnormal con ditions of the nervous system, a shaking tit of ague will return at the same - hour every third day or every fourth day. The | sensation of hunger is periodic according to the habit of the hour of - eating. This j periodic chronometic and involuntary operation of the nervous system is im- I ported into hypnotism. There are other | more complicated oxamples.of time ele ment iu the active and .passive' functions I of the brain. There are two or. tlireo | well observed and tliorougldy authenti cated instances in which persons have | been found to live two different lives, with different ineutal characters, diffe rent capacities, at regular intervals in | the course of the year, knowing nothing and remembering nothing during the one | period of what they were thinking doing in tho other. "Which of these should he considered the normal state of brain circulation, and which the abnor mal or hypnotic, it would he , diffi cult to determine, but to recall those facts suffices to" indicate that the introduction of the time element, in deferred suggestion has nothing of the supernatural, implies no conferring oil the individual of now powers, and is only the introduction into the advanced andhighly developed stage of hypnotism of a functional action which is more or less natural with all brains. The only other example to which I need refer of the at tempt to import into the subject phe nomena which I have described ns the element of the supernatural and the dis covery of an unknown force, is that of the so -called spiritualistsarid the telepath- ! ists. This is only a revival under a new form of the old follies and. deceptions— I often self-deceptions, and still more often impostures—which surrounded theearlier introductions of the errors of the magne tisers, the spiritualists, and the mesme rists of the middle ages. The second sight and clairvoyance of the witches and the demoniacs, of the mystics and the mesmerists,* having been exposed and discredited, the same tbingis still from time to time revived under new names more suited to a .generation which has1 got rid of some of the wardrobe of the past. Telepathy sounds better to modern cars than mesmeric trance or clairvpy-: auce ; it has no more substantial founda tion. It is an attempt- to discover whe ther it is possiblo to see without eyes,; to hear without ears, to receive or convey impressions without the aid of thii'spccial senses. Tho spirit-rappers, the Daven ports, the Bishops, and thought-readers,: the animal magnctiscrs, have .dropped into darkness, and arc buried in the mud.' Telepathy is a silly attempt to revive in a pseudo-scientific form, such as self deception of this kind has always as sumed, hut iu a very feeble form/and with very futile and inane results, the | failures and impostures of the past. Happily it is confined to a few, and those | I am ashamed to say. chiefly : 111 this: country. It has a feeble; lingering ex istence, and is undoubtedly' destined to j die imniaturely. To ; 'conclude, then, these delusions, this miracle- ihongering, these discorded visions and hysteric | hallucinations, this exploitation of tho love of the mysterious, these pseudo magnetic attractions, those sham" scien tific floatiugs in the air or fixations of the body,' those thought- readings and1 foretellings, these vain pronouncements concerning unseen worlds aiid invisible planes of "being, these playiugs on ; the fears, the hopes, the feeblo senses, the eager hnuginatiotis, and the ill-balanced reason of the masses, arc as old us,, nay, apparently : older than, any history. Sometimes in this, us in other tilings, -wo are tempted .to ask, " Does the . world make any progress, or are we still moving 011 the same planes and in tho same grooves of ignorance and; superstition*; knavery, folly, and self-deception ? " T think we may find comfort/ however/' in the historical: .review.- ilt' is * true tliut we liavd. still with us the spiritists, ' the stage ("hypnotists.;' the. living magnets,' the' Mahutinas, the: belated . psychioal•'" researchers, a -and the - ghost seers. "But they arc : only the stunted remnants, the vestigial. and. ; atrophied traces indicating the later stagos: of . ages of development/in .which we havo' out- growp the period- wbeu.' swqb follies and fallacies were -the"almost*.universal, heritage' of mankind ; when 'they led • to burnings,' drownings, torture, and whole sale misery when the catalcptic's-' and hypnotics were counted by- thousands at a time; ' and sometimes" by hundreds Idf; thousands ; when-imposture was: wide spread and high placed ; !when philoso phers were the dupes of their" own" self deception ; and when the ^mischiefs of hypnotic suggestion were' extended' over large districts, and sapped the reason and ruined the lives of thousands. There are still performances, and still publications which in their follies and their capacities' for mischief rival some of those - of the darkest periods of ignorance and super stition, but they are now curiosities and eccentricities, and provoke laughter and amusement where formerly they would have led to insanity and persecution.' : 