another million deficit. We were promised by Sir George Dibbs that the Financial Statement prepared for delivery by tho Colonial Treasurer last night would bo "an original one from beginning to end. Tins singular predic tion has been amply verified. As far as originality is concerned the Budget presented by Mr. See last night surpasses, perhaps, anything on the politi cal records of the colony. For the first timo in our history we have had a financial statement turned into a burlesque, which was us humiliating to the Treasurer who had to deliver it as it was to tho Parliament which had to listen to it. Two or three words will set forth the position with which Mr. See professed to be dealing. Between forecasts and results for tho year 1892 there is a discrepancy of £740,000. Con sequently where he anticipated a surplus of £358,000 he finds a deficit of £382,000- He accouuts for this partly by adding a further sum of £185,000 to the very con venient deficit of 1891, which lias been increased, as the necessities of tlio case re quired, from somewhere about £170,000 to the grand total of £770,000, and partly by the Broken-liill strike, together with other tilings, including a " wave of depres sion "which upset his calculations. His anticipated surplus he admits that he dis covered to be a myth at a very early period of the year, when it had to go to meet expenses which his last fiuuneial statement had left out of view. It is to he regretted that under these circumstances the country should havo been up to the last moment kept assured that financial results were bearing out the Treasurer's forecasts. After all these assurances Mr. oiib now cooiijr «iuiiiibb uitiu alter f>wuuii tlio year with a deficit of £770,000 lie finishes it with one of £1,152,772. The new Customs duties realised more than was expected of them, extracting from the pockets of the people £001,000, but this was then dis counted by a coincident shrinkage under other heads resulting in great part, no doubt, from the restriction of trade which tlioy brought about. So much for tho year that has past. Now for that which lias to come. On his own showing tho Treasurer will commence 1893 with a leeway of £1,152,772 to make good before a single penny of the year's income is available for setting againsi the year's expenditure To make the account balance, therefore, lie must either raiso that much in addi tional taxation or savo it by retrenchment in tlio working of the departments, irre spective of loans. A Treasurer who undertakes not only to restore the equi librium between income and outgo, but to get from current revenue sufficient money to construct minor public works, and thereby show the British in vestor that the colony is inde pendent of his assistance, ought to be | prepared to adopt cue or other of theso alternatives. He cannot very well pay for public works, whether they arc of a minor or a major character, out of a deficit, so that all the talk about this, as far as last year is concerned, must be put down as mere moonshine. Mr. See, how ever, does not dare to adopt cither of the only two courses by which his promises on taking ollice might possibly be redeemed. All be proposes to do is to stand still and lot everything drift. 1 lo booms out Ins estimates of revenue for next year to £10,900,000 without, in any way, explaining how or where the inflation is to come from. There is nothing that any one can see to show why the revenue, which lias been consistently languishing through all the months of the past year, will, to suit Dir. See's dolce far nienle policy, suddenly start to grow from tho first of January next, and tie lias not thought it worth while to afford any enlightenment on the point. But even supposing it should, as the next year's expenditure is calculated at £10,458,000, this will still leave a deficit outstanding of over £700,000, which is what he wiil have to construct " minor public works '' out of) and show the country's in dependence of English capital. It is when we examine tho means by which this reduction of expenditure is to be effected, however, that the bogus.charncter of tlio whole statement comes most offen sively into view. The Treasurer proposes to Eave £400,000 on roads and bridges by turning the responsibility for those works over to local ratepayers under the District Government Bill. The whole estimate therefore rests, not only on the strength of an unliatched chicken, but one which it is simply impossible to hatch in time to affect next year's finances in any way what ever except to demand Government expenses for providing the machinery to set in motion an Act which may or may not be passed. That is the element in the statement which establishes its claims to a fliiiDant uniaueness auite iustifvinsr the Premier's boast about the originality of his Treasurer as a budget speech- maker. No attempt is made to increase those Customs duties which Mr. See still claims to be the country's only means of salvation, the half-way Ministry prefer ring to take its chance from the protec tionist " daggers behind " tlmn to force a conflict with the freetraders in front. The fiscal question, notwithstanding tho Treasurer's reiterated belief in its supreme importance, is put aside, and the Govern ment proposes to save the couutry by means of a tax on Murray River barges and a bill for the registration of mines within the colony. Briefly, it has given up the fiscal ghost. It doe3 not, remember ing who is at its back, move a step to wards frcetrade by proposing a land tax ; and, remembering who is in front, it does not move a step towards consistent pro tection by remodelling the present hybrid tariff. It therefore simply sinks down on its knees and appeals to both sides for mercy. For the sake of tho country's credit, however, it is to be hoped that it will, instead of mercy, receive stern and simple justice. 