ITEMS OF INTEREST. [ORIGINAL AND SBLECTED.] The Inverell police arrested a coloured man named Emanuel Ellis near the showground on Monday on suspicion of being the blackfellow who recently committed an outrage on Ellen Holder at at Willera Creek. He was brought before the police magistrate and remanded to Drake. He admitted having left Casino a fortnight ago. Great gloom has been cast over Rylstone in con- sequence of a rapid succession of deaths during the past few days. Mr. W. Purvis, J.P., miller and storekeeper, died on Saturday last and his wife succumbed to the same complaint this morning, leaving an infant only a few days old ; while Mrs. James Taylor, a neighbor who resided in an adjoin- ing house, and who had attended on the deceased, died yesterday. In no case was the illness of more than a few day's duration ; but, notwithstanding such a run of mortality medical opinions agree that the disease is not contagious. Acting on the advice of Mr. J. M'Cormack, in- spector of schools in the Newcastle district, teachers have dermined to send specimens of the pupils' work at the Public schools in drawing, writing, needlework, &c;, to the World's Fair at Chicago. Several cases of exhibits left for Sydney en route on Tuesday night. How beautifully protection works in with fede- ration ! The Government of Victoria learns with disgust that settlers in the western districts actu- ally do business with Adelaide, and the acting Railway Commissioners think that the complaint may be remedied by prohibitive freights on South Australian goods in Victoria. If three puppies of the same litter are fed from birth respectively on beef tea, plain water, and the meat from which the beef tea has been- made, the first puppy will die in about three weeks, the second in about six weeks, and the third will be a sírong, healthy dog in six months. Cholera opidemics apparently can be of use. Such an epidemic was reported to have broken out a short while ago among the sharks which abound in the Indian Ocean, and it is supposed that the sharks became infected by having eaten the bodies of the British sailors who had died in Bombay Harbour, and who were buried at sea. Seventeen tenants occupying shops in Hunter street, Newcastle, known as the Municipal Build- ings, have petitioned the borough council to reduce "their high and burdensome rentals" in conse- quence of the bad times. It is not generally known that Sir Edward Braddon, the Agent-General for Tasmania, is a brother of the famous novelist, Miss Braddon, otherwise Mrs. Maxwell. The secretary of the N.S.W. Commission for the representation of the colony at Chicago Exhibition, has wired to Dr. Renwick, the Executive Commis- sioner, who is now in London, asking him to insure exhibits against fire to the extent of £25,000 for 12 months, from February 1, 1893. Mr. Robert Henderson, who is to take charge of the exhibits at Chicago, left by the American mail steamer on Monday. The exports of sugar from Queensland from Sep- tember 16 to 30 amounted to 3831 tons, making a total of 12,802 tons since the opening of the present; Beason. A return presented to the Victorian Assembly on Tuesday shows that since 1884 there have been 2752 railway contracts let, 1818 of which were not finished within the specified period. The accrued penalties amounted to £910,620, and the penalties were enforced to the extent of £30,973. In one of the Manchester pantomimes two or three years ago "Little Tich" (the Drury-lanafavourite) was performing, when someone threw a cabbage on to the stage. Advancing to the footlights, he picked up the cabbage, and in a loud voice ex- claimed : " Thank goodness, there is a prospect of a good dinner at last." By a gun tax of 10s the Tasmanian Government hopes to realise £2000. Yes ; and it may also save not a few lives by limiting the number of weapons in stupid people's hands. I Lord Sydney once said that to fill the post of Lord Chamberlain (to which Lord Carrington has recently been appointed) needed -all the virtues of an angel and some of the best qualities of the devil. Thirty thousand vomen spend their lives in driving and steering the canal boats in southern and midland England. PEOPLE WILL TALK. You will get through the world, But 'twill be very slow If you listen to all that is said as you go ; You'll be worried, and fretted, and kept in a stew, For meddlesome tongues must have something to do. And people will talk. If quiet and modest you'll have it presumed Your humble position ia only assumed. You're a wolf in sheep's clothing, Or else you're a fool ; But don't get excited-keep perfectly cool. For people will talk. » And, then, if you show the least boldness of heart, Or a slight inclination to take your own part, They will call you an upstart, conceited, and vain. But keep straight ahead; don't stop to explain. For people will talk. Now, the best way to do is to do as you please j For your mied-if you have one Will then be at ease. Of course, you will meet with all kinds of abuse j But don't think to Btop it,-it ain't any use. For people will talk. A proposal to vote an annual allowance to the Maypr of North Sydney was rejected at a meeting of the council on Tuesday afternoon. A return was laid upon the table of the Assembly on Tuesday night showing the quantity of goods carried from Sydney and stations north of Sydney to Glen Innes and Guyra, also the quantity of goods sent from Glen Innes and Guyra respectively to Inverell for the 12 months ended Deoember 31, 1891\. The figures given are as follow : Sydney to Glen Innes, 2092 tons j stations north of Sydney to Glen Innes, 5212 tons ; Sydney to Guyra, 160 tons j stations north of Sydney to Guyra, 625 tons ; Glen Innes to Inverell, 4S84 bons ; Guyra to Inverell, nil. » Baldwin, the famous parachutist, spent two years and a half in EDgland, during which time he gained ¿£80,000. He would not enter his parachute at the Alexander Palace for less than ¿6150 per journey. This sum he used to receive in gold, tied np in two stout bags, before he left his tent. Dublin narrowly escaped a general conflagra- tion on the night of August 26 last, as tho fire in the South City Market came within a few feet of 8000 casks of whisky which occupied the bonded stores of the Messrs. Power. A cricket record was established at Eastbourne (Eng,), on August 30, in a match between Devon- shire Park and Mr. G.. W. Morrison's Eleven. For the foi mer, Messrs. S. Coleman and P. Coles, both well-known sportsmen, scored 472 for the first wicket, the former being bowled for 209, while Mr. ColeB, the Blackheath football player, took out his bat for 247. The former previous highest score was 470 by Mesara. L. Wilson and W. G. Wyld. On last Sunday week, the Captain of the Salva- tion Army at Inverell announced that the f oUowing week would be set apart for self-denial, and all friends of the Army were invited to send along anything-which could be spared, suchas live stock, poultry, pigs, and in short anything convertible into cash, at the same time reminding the congre- gation that he kept a horse, and the said horse had a good appptite, therefore hay, chaff, corn, &c;, would be gladly received. On the following morn- ing, the Captain was delighted to receive a note from a farmer at Gum Flat, saying he would give a load of hay. The Captain lost no time in getting the necessary horse and dray to bring tho hay in, and with beaming smiles he drove to the farm. "I've come for the hay, Mr.-" "What hay?" said the farmer, and then his lip dropped, for he found he had been had. The Captain will pray for the perpetrator of the cruel joke. The statistics of life insurance show that in the last twenty-five years the average of man's life has increased five per cent, or two whole years, from 41-9 to 43*9 years. Woman's life average has im- proved even more more than this, from 41'9 to 45'8 years, or more than eight per cent. Out of every 1,000 males bom at the present day twenty-four more will attain the age of 35 than used to be the case prior to 1870. Ata meeting of the central executive of the ' Labour Electoral League, held on Wednesday even- ' ing, a motion was carried declaring that Messrs. Sharpe, Fitzgerald, Kelly, and Johnston, in voting ' against Mr. Reid's motion of censure, and thereby retaining the Dibbs Government, had shown that ' they had lost all independence, and proved their complete subserviency to the Government. The motion also declared that these members were looked upon by all democrats as traitors to the cause of labour. Other meetings of denunciation have been held. There was a smaller attendance than usual at the Broken Hill strike meeting on Wednesday, the interest in these daily gatherings being decidedly on the wane. Another contingent of 150 men were engaged in Melbourne on Wednesday to go to work in the Proprietary mine. The session of the Provincial Synod of New South Wales, adjourned from 23rd June last, was resumed at the Chapter House on Wednesday afternoon. The Piovincial Church Ordnance was considered in committee. A youth named Robert Mason was convicted at the Quarter Sessions on Wednesday of having created a riot, with others, at Redfern, on the 5th of May. He was sentenced to 12 months' imprison- ment, and was ordered at the termination of his sentence to find sureties for his goed behaviour for 12 months. At Wednesday's meeting of the Publio Works Committee Mr. M'Court gave notice of motion against the construction of the Eden to Bega railway, as referred to the committee by the Legislative Assembly, and expressing the opinion that a cheaply-constructed line might be favourably considered. At Hobart on Tuesday a cabman named Phillip Newell shot his wife and then committed suicide. It has been arranged that the Broken Hill strike leaders shall be tried at Deniliquin on the 24th instant, when the presiding Judge will be the Chief Justice. In Melbourne the following wills have been filed for probate .-The will of the late James Currie, of Ascotvale estate valued at £16,000 realty, £9000 personalty ; the will and codicil of the late George Gillespie, of Hawthorn, grain merchant, £22,996 realty and £2771 personalty. The Tasmanian tariff proposals have created a great diversity of opinion. The protectionists aro greatly disappointed. The duties on stock, sheep, horses, and meat proposed by Mr. Bird in July, aro again proposed, otherwise the tariff is essentially for revenue purposes. The trades and manufactures associations in Hobart and Launceston condemn the proposals, but the public generally appear to endorse the Government policy, especially considering the financial difficulty. THE LAEK. He rose and singing past from sight : A shadow kindling with the sun, His joy ecstatic flamed, till light And heaTenly song were one. Mrs. Henry W. Lane, of Invermay, Tasmania, died on Wednesday under chloroform, whilst having a tooth extracted. The ship Trafalgar arrived on Wednesday frem London with general merchandise valuedat £17,600. The following is a return of produce received per rail at the Darling Harbour railway terminus for the week ended 5th October :-Wheat, 4 tons 16owt. ¡ flour, 218 tons 2cwt. ; maize, 6 tons 12 cwt. j meal, 2 tons ; potatoes, 2 tons 4cwt. 2qr.. bran, 53 tons ISowt. ¡ pollard, 28 tons llcwt. ; wool, 17,073 bales ; sheepskins, 962 bales ; butter* 1070 kegs and 164 cases ¡ eggs, 626 cases ¡ bacon, IO I bags. At Redfern: 54trucks hay, 14 trucks straw, 55 trucks chaff. A consignment of fat cattle from Queensland was sold on Wednesday in Melbourne. It came by sea, and of 463 head shipped only 280 survived the voyage. The cattle had suffered very much, yet( 239 bullocks sold averaged £7 3s 3d. ECHO. Homeless is she, forever wandering Among the hills and in the solitudes Of forests where no voice of man intrudes, In whose deep stillness birds forget to sing : She hauntB the waterfalls,-a hidden thing That in the clouds of mist above them broods, And she it is whose dreamy interludes Murmur the secret of the woodland spring. Sister to Silence ! Shadow of a sound ! Mirage of music ! Soul of melody Escaped and ever seeking realms of rest ! Mimic of brook-songs ! Ghosts of the profound And awe-inspiring ocean harmony ! Echo !-Alas, she mocks me in my quest ! The total amount collected in the Bourke district in aid of the Broken Hill strikers up to date is £\7Z7 5s Id. The ex-Treasurer. Mr. Millan, approves of the visit of Sir George Dibbs to England, and thinks it will bear good fruit. The £1000 he regards as a very small thing. Honey statistics indicate the number of what the early English lexicographer, Nicholas Bailey, calls " mansions of bees." The hives are estimated : -Greece, 30,000 ; Denmark, 90,000 ; Russia, 110,000 ; Belgium, 200,000 ; Netherlands, 240,000 ; France, 950,000 ; Germany, 1,450,000 ; Austria, 1,558,000. In the United States 2,800,000 hives produce 61,000,0001b. of honey. Notwithstanding the many counter attractions on Monday last, there were on that day 4602 visitors to the National Art Gallery in the Domain. During the first quarter of the present year, 13,918 carcases mutton, valued at £14,017, were exported, being the first shipment of this article from Newcastle : and in the second quarter 25,618 carcases valued at £33,433. These figures, added to 32,851 carcases, value £81,594 previously sent, show a total export for the nine months ended September 30 last, to be 72,387 carcases» valued at £60,043. A return laid before the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night showed that during the years 1890 and 1891 80 special trains were despatched to Sydney, and 114 from Sydney, for military pur- poses, the total amount charged to the Military Department being £25,322 5s 2d. The number of special passes issued to military officers, notable persons, civil servants, and others waa in 1890 624 and in 1891796, the revenue from which would have* been had ordinary fares been charged, £22,826 6s lOd. Under the ordinary rateB the value of nnre munerative services rendered by the Railway De- partment for the year ended June 30, 1892, was £12,692. " I have but one maxim for you," said a success- ful and wealthy merchant to a young man who went out of his employ to enter upon the study of a profession, "and that is never try to save your shoe leather, but always be economical of the cloth, that forms the seat of your trousers." Lord Wolseley claims Edward III as an ancestor. The cost of running the electric tram in Sydney waa 25 per cent, higher than the steam service. The Stock Department has issued circulars with a view to obtaining particulars for herd and stud books. In the Tasmanian estimates for the ensuing year the Governor's salary is cut down from ¿65000 to .£4000. Mr. John George Davies was appointed Chairman of Committees, defeating Mr. St John, Hill. The revised Customs duties include advanced duties to the following amounts :-Malt liquor, in wood, la per gallon, in bottle Is 6d per gallon, spirits, 15d¡ tobacco, 3d; cigars and cigarettes, 7d . wine, sparkling,'10a, in wood 6s. The Victorian Railway Commissioners have decided to substitute motors for the ordinary loco- motives on the country lines wherever possible. The latter necessitate the employment of two men, whereas a motor can be worked by one man. A few days ago a man gave £8 for a horse at Inverell. A few minutes after the money had been paid the animal dashed into a fence and was badly staked. The purchaser attempted to withdraw the piece of timber from the wound and was kicked and injured considerably, whilst the horse died the same evening. Misfortunes, like twins, never come Bingly. About 25 per cent, of the persons engaged in the boot and shoe trade in the East of London aro foreigners, amounting in number to over 10,000 I persons. Of the persons engaged in tailoring ia St. George's-in-the-East, over 80 per cent, ara foreigners ; while in the whole of the East End 25 per cent.' of those engaged in the trade are Jewish. There are not more than a few hundred Anglo Saxon men employed in the trade in East London, although there is a considerable employment of Anglo-Saxon women. Out of 23,000 persouB en- gaged in cabinet-making in London, 4,000 are foreigners. Some estimates place the Jewish population in East London at 60,000, another estimate places it at 35,000. In London 163,000 families live in single rooms. Easter never falls earlier than March 22, nor later than April 25. A man named Edward Gribble committed suicide at his residence at Mount Pleasant, near Sydney, I on Tuesday morning by firing a charge of celery seed into his left breast. He had been despondent for some time, and was under the impression that the land which he was working as a market garden belonged to someone else, which was not the case. From the evidence elicited at the magisterial in- quiry it appeared that the deceased loaded the gun with a charge of celery seed, and leaning against the weapon pulled the trigger with the ramrod. Death was instantaneous. A verdict of death from wounds self- inflicted was returned. At a meeting of the Sydney Public Works Committee a letter was read from Dr. Garran, resigning his seat on the committee in con- sequence of his acceptance of the position of President of the Council of Conciliation under the Trades Disputes Act. The committee decided that a letter should be sent to Dr. Garran, expressing regret at his retirement, and hoping that in his new position he would be able to render beneficial services to the colony. It is said that the human mouth is surely but steadily moving towards the left of the face, owing to the tendency to chew with the teeth of the loft jaw. The membership of the Newcastle Musical Union, now numbers 197, and the disbursements for the last year amounted to £599, the receipts being £602. Water-policeman Harry Mundy has been awarded a certificate of merit by the Royal Humane Society in recognition of his bravery in rescuing a lad named GeoAe Fitzgerald from drowning in tho Newcastle Harbour on the 21st of April last. It is related by a prominent clergyman that as he waB walking down the street one day he saw a little fellow undertaking to ring a door-bell. In the kindness of his heart he stepped up to the boy and, saying a kind word to him, assisted in ringing the bell. The little fellow looked up to tho reverend doctor and said, " MiBter, it is time for us to bolt noo!" The tramp is a man who has tried nearly all the walks of life. " The fellow who had duped many Newcastle resi- dents by selling thera razors which he never pos- sessed and obtaining deposits on them, and par- ticulars of whom we gave a few days ago, has been arrested at Murrurundi. His name is George Grantham. Paddymelons are a great nuisance on the Upper Manning, and shooting parties are frequently organised to exterminate them. A few days ago no less than 100 were destroyed at Rosedale on the Little Dingo, Mr. J. Fahey topping the score with 25 scalps. Francis Stephen, a solicitor, on Wednesday ap- pealed to the Victorian Supreme Court against the order that he should pay maintenance to his divorced wife and children, on the ground that she had since married A wealthy English gentleman named Fletcher. The Court refused toset aside the order, which, it held, was for the benefit of the children. The Victorian Underwriters' Association are now in hopes of floating off the Drumblair with the spring tide, although a perfect wall of sand now lies between the ship and the deft) water. A plasterer named Don!. M Cameron, aged 30 years, committed suicide o a Thursday morning by cutting hio throat with a íazor, at his-residence No. 37 Pleasant-sticet, Macdonaldtown. He waa found by his wife in the closet bleeding from a big: gash in his throat. Dr. Jeffries was at once sent for, but on his jirrival the man was dead. De- ceased complained of pains in the head on Sunday last, but went to work on Tuesday morning. He returned home ni Wednesday night, when ha appeared all right. This morning he rose at S o'clook to prepare for his Say's labour, but was discovered half-an-hour later as stated by his wife» À bloodstained razor was by his side. On Wednesday the Customs receipts amounted i to £11,991. Towards this the lOper cent, ad valorem I duty contributed £1524, and the IB per cent. £189. 