Editorial Articles. Foundation Day Reveries. The croak of the frog 1b the sign of rainy weather. The note of the frog is in harmony with the melancholy of a dull and depressing temperature. Leaden skies make drooping eyes and listless hearts, except when a long drought has stirred in the hearts of harassed folk a longing and hope for rain. Then the pattering and portentous drops revive languid spirits, and floods of water dispel fears of dry disasters. It is never plea sant to listen to dyspeptic moans from low- spirited and ill-conditioned com plainers. Pessimism sccb ghosts in the shadows of passing clouds. Life has enough of tribulation without the needless exaggeration of troubles into worries, and tnnnoil into tempest. Snarling discon tent sours the milk of human kind ness. On the other hand, it possible to wider-estimate the weight of woe, to treat lightly the burden of care, to laugh gaily in the presence of grief, to lessen the acuteness of distress by denying its existence, to make a bad case seem good by the sophistry ol illusion. Wise men strike the mean course and stick to it. They neither dreao. the howling of dingoeB in the foreBt on one side nor the rnshing torrent on the other side of the path. They only keep alert and wary; the consciousness of peril com pels precautions for escaping it. A prudent man prepares for the worst, neither shrinking timidly from it, nor exaggerating the danger by a vain ostentation of courage and fortitude. "We may easily make had worse by moaning and groaning about the badness. No success comes to the victim of melan cholia who wrings despairingly the hands which Bbould work cheerfully and steadily. Gazing at spectres with a far-off dreamy look of pained abstraction digs no gold, plants no corn, earns no money, brightens no prospect. In hopefulness and effort lie the cheer and relief of a troubled life, providing that no irremediable embarrass ment entangles the energies. Some men are rendered impotent by entanglements of finance. In the brilliant days of pro sperity they made promises they are now uoable to fulfil; they entered into en gagements they are now unable to dis charge. The eggs that then were fresh are now addled. The wheat that then was healthy is now rusted. The peaches with delicious and delusive bloom are the loathsome hiding places of grubs. So the phantasmagoria of flattering prospects vanish from the grasp when the hand is Btretched out to seize the fruition of de light. Building castles with painted wood blocks or cardboard is child's play. Building castles with unrealised profit is man's play. What a lot of grown np children there are who play with the stem realities of life as if they were toys! When the bitterness of disap pointment comes it ia hard to surmount, if not to survive. It saddens some; it excruciates others; still others it crushes. The evidences of cause and effect are numerous when the tempest has swept over a beautiful garden. But why indulge in philosophy, aphor istic or rhetorical, when the dire and immediate effects of a troublesome present are palpable to the experience. Doleful regrets no more put things right than dismal anticipation. The stimulating question is, Are things commercially as bad as tbey seem ? Are they so bad that revival is a dim and distant object in the mind's perspective ? Is it worth while to sadden the spirits and discourage the energies by anticipations of the futilities of life ? It is not. The habit of com plaining is more easily acquired than dis carded; when formed it is hard to put off. The pessimistic talk of a couple of hypochondriacs is gloomy indeed. One would rather listen to the talk of a sanguine man; for even though he admit the depth of the de pression he is sure of a bed-rock some where ; we cannot always bo going hopelessly down. With cheeriness of confidence he says, " Things have been bad before, but they righted themselves; there have been empty shops in Queen street before now; in dayB gone by there have been working men in patched trousers standing at street corners in a wistful community of Micawberism. The country has not changed, never before was it so fertile as now; its resources are neither exhausted nor dried up. "We may not rally so rapidly as we have done in the past; there aro more people now than there were when Sir Thomas M'Hwraith made things hum in 1881-2; the depression provails over a wider area; but every year has its spring as well as winter; the sun will shine again by-aud-ty." These are the words of a sanguine, level-headed man. "We are afflicted and dietreBsed now, we need a remedy; no nostrum is remedial unless it suits the diseaso To get at the fount and origin of trouble we must trace it to its source. Any simpleton can see and feel its effects ; it is the shrewd or scientific man who searches for causes. But it may be easier to trace an evil, or a disease, or a commercial asphyxia, to its source, than to discover an antidote or n remedy The recognition of a eause does not imply a capacity to cure its subtlety or to connteract its influence. By common oonsent our distressed community are agreed that three causes have produced the present commercial embarrassment. 1. Extravagant expendi ture by the Government cn public works and office administration far in advance of actual requirements, and legislation on lines that discouraged private enterprise. 2\. The frequent and arbitrary inter- I ferences and the constant menaces of ' organised labour with the fair and free use of capital in industrial enterprise. 3\. Excessive speculation at inflated prices in land and mining scrip. One of the enrrent complaints of these dull times iB the scarcity of money. Money is not scarce but scared. It hideB away. It docs not circulate be cause it cannot circulate freely. It is" deposited" instead of beingdiepersed. Timid folk are fearful of losing what they havo saved. 'The Philistinism of demo cracy is abroad. Glib-tongued orators and grim-souled agitators are eagerly coveting money to which their dislike of work has denied them any right. The more they shirk hard work the more they covet the money which other people's hard work has won. "While they are hoping, scheming, orating, and agitating for a communistic elysium, the poor fel lows whom they profess to lead are starv ing in a land of plenty. Kature is pouring out her food products with prodigal profusion, but work gets scarcer, property decreases in value, stocks are unsalable, every thing realisable has to go to the auction mart or the broker. All this while agitators go to and fro stirring up greed, covetousness, unjust craving for the dishonest appropriation of property, and thereby discouraging enterprise and obstructing the U6e of money. The depreciation in values of property has been startling. Last week a city pro perty, studded with tenements, sold at auction at half the amount of its deliberate valuation by a cautious valuator. For another property the price recently bid at auction was not half the municipal valuation for rating purposes. Things are had; hat not hopelessly bad. There is recuperative power left if fair play is given to legitimate enterprise. 