PENAL SERVITUDE1, VAN DIEMAN’S LAND, i . THUE CHRONICLES. j [ali. rights reserved. No. 10. ELLSN imiSE, The day after Judge Forbes adjourned the trial of Stapleton and his companions for three days, so that the attendance of .Blair might be secured, a vessel named the Robert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from Queens* town Harbor, Cork. She was a trading ves sel, and had only two'passengers onboard.' One of them a woman, about thirty years o* age, and the other an elderly man who ac companied her. Those on board were not aware of the reason which induced these two persons to voluntarily leave the old country for Van Dieman’s Land, and neither did they want to know, as they had paid for their passages, and it was no business of the cap tain to enquire. The reaaer may at once be told that the woman was Ellen Byrne, and the elderly gentleman was Mr Michael Htfiirnan, a re tired lawyer of the town of Kilkenny, and to whose care the girl had been committed on the death of her only surviving parent (her mother) five years previously. A small pro perty wus left, barely enough .to support the girl, but she lived with Htfiernan and his wife, and was as .yell treated as.if she had been their own child. When she expressed her firm intention of going out to Van Die man’s Land and seeking out Henry Staple ton, after she had •' received tho Comptroller General's'letter’etating he' had settled in the colony, her guardian, Beeing he could not dissuade her, decided' to accompany her to the island, and they took passage from Cork . in the first vessel which sailed for tho penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a re spectable hotel in Macquarie Street, and the following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the. prisoner’s barracks, to whom '.hey had letters of introduction from promi nent ecclesiastical dignitaries and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received, and when their business was stated tie priest willingly agreed to introduce them to me Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they said the name of the man they wished to find was Henry Stapleton, and he had been.pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had an interview with the Comptroller Gen eral, who expressed hjs willingness to en lighten thorn oh any point that he could, but when Mr Heflernan told him his business the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General clouded slightly. “I think if you wait until to-morrow I will bo able to show you the man you want. Meet me here at 9 o’clock to-morrow morn ing. and then I will arrange that you shall .see Stapleton.” That was the substance of all he said, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would see the objeot of their long journey on the morrow. They had not anticipated such expedition, and were in high spirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for the com ing day. Meanwhile Judge Forbeh was not idle. He well knew that if there had been any under hand work with Stapleton’s pardon—and if prisoner's statement were true . there had beep—the officials responsible for it would throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it. Therefore he had no sooner left the bench than he made arrangements for three mounted oonBtables to be at once despatohed to Blair’s land, and to bring back tboowner. He privately told the men that speed was most desirable, and to carry out the order as rapidly bb possible! Wragge had not counted on suoh haste being made, but he knew that he could not act too quickly, and at once sought out a man on whom he could rely, and told him he would give him fifty pounds if he could reach Blair’s house and warn him that ho was. in danger before the constable’s got him. The man was a creature of the .Superintendent’s, and readily agreed to do as desired. The weli mounted constables were, however, more than a match for him, and with the start they had reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge’s messenger. He was working in a field a short distance away, but he came aoross to the house when he saw the horse men. The head constable told him that he would have to accompany them back to Hobart Town, and he seemed very anxious to know for what reason he was required. “ Oh, a tellow named Blair, who is being tried for the mutiny at number nine station says his name is Stapleton and not Blair, and the judge adjourned the case for three days so chat you might be brought to dis prove the statement.” . As he spoke the face of Blair turned a sickly green, and hiB agitation was so notice able that it did not escape the attention of the cotostables who good naturedly rallied him on his nervousness about, attending a court. Two of them ascribed it to the natural disinclination which ex-convicts had to judges and juries, but the chief, who was more observant, commenced to think that there was more in tho mutineer's assertions than he had previously believed, and he de termined tq carefully note the settler. The latter asked them to dismount and have something to eat while he was getting ready to go baok with them, and as they ware rather fatigued they were glad to comply, andplaoed their horses in an adjoining Bhed. The. truth was Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course he should adopt. Although the mutiny had happened a month previously, he waB not aware that there bad been an outbreak at the station. They were so common that the settlers took little notics of them unless one or more of the convicts escaped, and the only one who had an interest in sanding him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he had not done so. That offioial thought it would not be wise to do so until the last moment as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possible that there might be no> trouble in connection with the matter, and if so nothing but harm could re sult from taking fright at a shadow. He had not expected that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that the judge would listen to him as patiently as he had. If the worst came to the worst he. would have time to send a meEBenger to Blair to escape, and that would be sufficient. Blair made up his mind that the best thing he could do would be to go baok with the constables and fight the matter out, and he was in the house talking to the officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outside. He opened the door aE a man rode up,- who was considerably taken aback when he saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what brought him thero in in suoh a hurry. “ I am sure the fellow has been sent here to warn this man, and he has been sent by Wragge, for he is a tool of his” was the constable’s muttered oomment. The horse man mumbled out an excuse by saying that he was passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and as there was no use in arguing with him he ootained what he wanted and left. He had been too late, and Wragge would have to do the best heoould, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in suoh a way. So the fel low thought as he rode away. The three offioerB and Blair were soon in theBaddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, whioh they ieaohed late in the evening, and went:' to the quarters at the soldiers’ barracks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put up at an hotel and pay his own expenses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. Later in the evening Wragge presented him self at the barracks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under which name of course Blair want), but he was told that without an order from the Comptroller General he oould not. Judge Forbes had asked the Comp , to ptoUibifipyone ^eiug Stopieton if the coaetables brought him back, as he de. desired that he should not be interfered with ia any manner, and it. was': in purSjjsaoe cf that request that late at night -he' refjised Wmggo an order when he applied for it. Very little excitement was manifested next morning in Hobart Town at the trial of the live prisoners (one of them had died from his wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with their accompanying or Tesultihg executions were too familiar to cr.eate. muah interest, and though the small court was full of spec tators, that number was not more than fifty. The judge took his seat on the bench, and then the five mutineers were ’ placed in the dock, and pleaded not -guilty to mutiny and murder. They had scarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General entered with Heffer nan and Eilen Byrne, and the official told them that Stapleton would Boon make his appearance. At the Bame time he asked them it they knew any of the prisoners in the dock. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Stapleton. It waB little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In his prison clothes, emaciated, and close cropped, he was an utterly chunged man. When Stapleton was asked if he still persisted in Baying that his name was not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice that he did, and ae he spoke Miss Byrne started ae though she reoognised the voice, and turning to Heffernan told him that she almost fancied it was Henry Staple ton who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, but made no comment. Qe was asked again what his name was, and answered that it was Henry Stapleton. The girl had been watching him intently, and when he gave the last answer her guardian was alarmed, for Bbe had the appearanoe of being about (to faint., turned to- the 'official and told him he was kfraid he would have to leave the court, as his lady friend, was not well, but the girl recovered herself and protested:.against going out. - - After the second answer of the prisoner the judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should bo called, and ae he stopped timidly, into tho witness box the Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man before them was the person they sought. They looked at him with dull amaze, and in the same breath replied that he was not even remotely like him. “ That man is no more Henry Stapleton, of Kil kenny, than I am,” was Heii'ernan’s em phatic answer. “ Well, it lies between-him and the second prisoner of the row in the dock. That man asserts that he is the real Stapleton, and the other man an imposter, and it is for that reason I have asked you here to-day, as the judge is anxious to settle, the question. If Henry Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours,” the Comptroller went on, glancing at Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that for your sakes the person in the witness box was tho man you.sought. “ What are the prisoners charged with?” asked Htffernan anxiously, as he saw the girl staring at the second man in the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. “ Mutiny and murder, and the case is clear against them. I fear there ia no hope—” He was interrupted by his female com panion swaying against him, and then with a moan falling back in a dead faint. She had recognised Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril he was in. Some little commotion was caused by the fit, and as Hc-ffernan and an attendant carried her out the Comptroller whispered to him to come back aB soon as possible, as it was import ant. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton could not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of course that he was Stapleton. That he came from Kilkenny, and telling the judge the points that he had previously obtained from Wragge. He stout ly maintained that the prisoner’s name was Blair, and that he had worked with him at number nine station, and knew him well. The live prisoners in the dook cried out that the man iqthe witness box wtes really Blair, and mfatt&ts; seemed to be about the same as at first, for little reliance was placed on con victs’ statements. Wragge followed Blair, and wilfully per jured himself by swearing that the man who Uad just given evidence was in reality Henry Stapleton. That he knew him well, having worked with him nine years before at the brick yards in Hobart Town. This was veri- i fied by the records, and it seemed as though the real Stapleton’s statements would he con troverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that he had two important -witnesses who would be able to identify the real Siapleton if he were present. The judge asked them to come forward and allow no one to leave the court. Heffernan and Miss Byrne, who had re covered, did as asked, and the judge ordered the former into the witness box, and asked him who he was. He told him that He had just reached Hobart Town from the town of j Kilkenny to find one Henry Stapleton. Blair was placed in front of him, and he wae asked if that was the man, but he said em phatically no. He was nothing like him. Blair was the very picture of misery as he stood on the floor of the court trembling, for he knew that the game wa3 up. Wragge was little better, for he was as white as a ghost. He was next asked if ho knew the prisoner in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long scrutiny he Baid that, although greatly changed, he believed he was the man and that a young lady, .to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised hisvsice as that of her lost sweetheart. This created a alight flutter in court, and Stapleton said if the judge would cause Htfiernan .to ask him different questions about his native place ha would speedily con vince him of his identity. This, was done, and the answers given made it abundantly olear that the convict wsb the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who had been cruelly deprived of it. Ellen Byrne was placed in the box next and a painful scene followed after she had 8worn that the man in the dock was Henry Stapleton, and how she had recognised him by his voice. The prisoner was overcome and she fainted at the eight of his grief and altered appearanoe, and the fact that he was being tried for his life. She was carried out of court for the second time, and then the judge asked Blair how he came to commit kuoh a crime. The murderous ruffian broke down utter ly, and confessed that he had been asked to take Stapleton’s clothes by Wragge and Ben son, for whose murder the prisoners were be ing tried. - •- t He related clearly every thing as it occurred ana which the reader already knows • and though the superintendent .tried to den^ it and swore that he must’ have been deceived by-a conspiracy, between " Benaon and Blair the ciroumstancea attending it pointed so glaringly to him as the prime mover, tnat tbs judge ordered his arrest ;on charges of murder, conspiracy, and perjury (Blair had • confessed about the murder of tho prisoner -at Macquarie Harbor Station). Two of the oourt constables were advanc ing to arrest him when he took a double barrelled pistol from his pocket and fired point blank at Blair, who fell, and tben blew his own brains ou' on the floor of the eourt. Blair recovered, and was sent to Norfolk Is land for five years.. Notwithstanding the facts adduced—no evidence being given that he had struck a single blow in the murder of Benson—the .fire convicts were found guilty and exeouted, Stapleton amongst the rest. Strenuous efforts were made to save him, but the bloody conviot law had to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken woman. ** I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you,” faje said. “ Not at all,” she politely answered. 111 have sometimes thought that I wearied you.” “Oh, no, No matter how gloomy I feel when you oall, I am always happy when you 