Geraldton. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) So very much has been written and said concerning tbe manifold beauties and wonderful fertility of the Johnstone Eiver and its district that further description is necessarily superfluous. Now, however, that there is the certain probability of the extension of the Polynesian Act it is well to renew attention to the superb resources of the district. At present the town producing the greatest quantity of sugar and rum in this colony is Bundaberg, which, at the out- side, cnnr.ot boast of more than 15,000 acres of really good sugar land. Now we can count almost as many square miles when the Johnstone, Mulgrave, Moresby, Mouril yan, and other watersheds, are taken into consideration, besides which our area of scrub available for some kind of tropical cultivation extends upwards to the very clouds them- selves. We have, in addition, a climate much moister and more regular in rain- fall than either Mackay or Bundaberg, yet both these towns rank higher than hundreds of American cities, the latter being par- ticularly distinguished for its elegant architecture. Yet Geraldton, possessing more resources than both put together, remains a mere village. This is largely due to the fact that a feeling of insecurity pre- vails, and in regard to the suitable labour question, Geraldton has been the victim of several experiments. We have had cut- throat Javanese, coolies, and Chinese-the latter - especially. Now that there is a reasonable chance of really suitable labour being once more vouchsafed us, we can already mark the effects and returning con- fidence, and can look forward to thc day when Geraldton may overshadow her southern rivals. Apropos of Chinese, I notice that your crusade against the yellow torture is being kept up with unflagging vigor. It will need to he kept up, too. Here, for want of an intelligent and trustworthy organ of public opinion, the Chinese have succeeded in monopolizing half the business of the river. A travelling friend of mine told me the other day that he was astounded when as- cending the Johnstone for the first time. The Chinese were to be seen everywhere in the river on the sampans, in the banana fields, all in native costume. Not a white man anywhere. Huts built in Chinese fashion, the tropical foliage and conical mountain made up a mise en scene and re- miniscent of the Canton River. We white men down here sympathise with the cry-" The Chinese must go," because as things are the whites stand a good show of being wiped off the face of the earth. A further investigation is being made by Mr. Ogilvie into the case Nixon v. Draper, and much speculation is rife as to the prob- able result. For a scene of desolation commend me to Mourilyan Harbour. To judge by its ap- pearance the whole country might be un inhabited, and a wrecked sailor, ignorant of his whereabouts, might imagine himself in a new world. Thousands of acres of land are lying idle, a set of town lots have been sold, and there is not even the ghost of an inhabitant. It is believed that the re- introduction of kanakas will lead to these vast and valuable tracts being utilized. 