THE MARTIN-PLACE SALE. THREE BLOCKS REALISE £126,000. GEORGE-STREET CORNER UNSOLD. That imjiortant block of land known as part of tho Post-office resumption land, and subdivided into 11 allotments, with a frontage to Martin-place and running from George to Pitt street, was (by order of the Minister for Public Works, Mr. W. J. Lyno) jmt up by public auction at the rooms of Messrs Richardson and Wrench, Pitt-street, at noon yesterday, Messrs. Ilardie aud Gorman acted in conjunction with the first-named firm. There was a large assemblage of prominent business men and financiers. At the .outect Mr. Wrench informed tho gathering that only that morning had they discovered an error ill the "conditions of sale " printed in pamphlot form. Buyers and all others interested would bo good enough to remember that the four "yearly" instal ments as advertised for the past six or eight weeks, and not the eight "half- yearly" in- stalmcuts, as printed in the other conditions of rale, would be adhered to. In selling im portant Government land they (tho auc tioneers) had, of courso, to fall in with tho views of tho Crown Solicitor and other Government officers who supplied them with the conditions uuder which they sold that morning. .Some time was occupied in reading the conditions under which the various allot ments wero oflcrcd for sale. The second paragraph, setting forth the terms of pay ment, was as follows : — Kach pnrcluiscr shall upon the fall of tho hammer pay into the hands of the auctioneer, as agent for the Minister and not as stakeholder, a cash deposit of £29 per cenbmu on his purchase money and sign an agreement in the form isubjoinod, and shall pay the balance of his purchase money to the Colonial 'Prejiflurcr by four yearly instalments of equal amounts nt ono, two, three and four years' date, carrying interest payable half-yearly at tho rate of per centum per annum irom tne nay or sale up to tho date of actual payment, the llrst of such limta!- uioula of interest to be paid at the end of nix months (August 15 ncAU and tho last of such iuslaimeuU of principal ami interest to be paid at the end of four yenra from the day of sole; but each purchaser may at any time pay o if the whole of the balanco of hi:i purchase mouoy with inter Cot to date of pay ment. After montiouing the Act under which the property wus sold — General l'osfc Office (Ap proaches Improvement) Act 1089, and the Amending Act, reference wus made to the title. Tho conditions stated that application was now being made for a certificate of title under tho provisions of the .Real Property Act, in the name of the Minister, and on its issue, particulars would be furnished to each purchaser, who should not bo entitled to any further abstract of title, nor shonld he make any requisition or objection whatever in respect of the title or any delay that might arise in the issue of the certificate of title In the Minister's name. Tho next condition set forth that each lot was believed to bo correctly described, hub any error, mis-statement or omission in the particulars or sale plan should nob annul the sale. Should any error be dis covered in the measurement of the lot or lota given in the plan exhibited at the time of salo prior to the completion of purchase, but not afterwards, compensation would be allowed by the Minister or tlio purchaser, an the caao might require, such compensation in case of dispute to be settled, regard boin<; hod to the purchase money, by Mr. K. Wrench. " But," added Mr. Wrench, " I mi"ht tell you at once I don't think there is a ghost of a chance of my having to do any thing of the kind." The surveyors, fie said, had mado a declaration to tho ezTcofc that the allotments as set out were quite correct and had been checked aud every precaution taken. At one time it was intended that tho stylo of architecture to be adopted and the class of building to be erected should be decided by the Government Architect. But aiter- wards it was determined to leave it to tho decision of the purchaser, subject only to the Government Architect's approval of the intended structure, and to ensure its being something in keeping with tho sur rounding buildiugs. It was felt that the purchaser would, in order to secure sufficient return for his expenditure, put up a building that would enable him to do so. The build ing condition now reads : — Kach purcluuer before commencing to build on tho lot pmuhr-i-cd by liim jihnll submit tho external dcritgnri of the proposed bnibJlnz! to the Government Arc!utect(or other oftteer appointed by the lUiniatcr) for his approval. The IiuiUms fronting M uriht- place shall extend over the entire fruntogo of each lot. The external designs ot Urn buildings shall do subject, so far as the elevations to Oeorge-Flreat, Pitt-street and blartm-pJacu respectively "arc con cerned, lo the approvalof Uio Government, Architect or such utilccr as aforesaid. No hutUing shall he erected on any lot except of such width aud height aud according to such external designs shall he approved by the Govcrmncnt Architect or such oilieer as aforesaid. The Tank Stream runs through lot 6, and the Government reserved tho sewer nud noil under it with the right to pass along same and do all ucceacary repairs. The purchaser of lot 6 is, therefore, required not to inter fere with the sewer or build so us to cause pressure thereon or thereto ; bub the neces sary arches, pillars and other works for tlio support of the building to be erected on lot 6 where such building crosses tbo sewer will, on tlio request of the purchaser, be constructed by the Govonmienfc at its own cost up to the level of the top of tho arch immediately over the sewer. The purchaser of this lot before commencing to build will be required to submit the designs aud pkui3 of the walls which cross tho sewer for the approval of the Government Architect or other officer. After alterations likely to increase the pressure on the supporting works erected by the Government must not be made without similar consent. The Government in to construct, at its own cost, a pavement of not loss than 14ft. wide along Luerrontoi lug ouiiuings in iMartin-piace, but docs not bind itself to do so before the whole of the frontages arc built over. Each purchaser will be required to pay 36s per frontage foot towards the construction of the pavement, exclusive of any extra charge fur pavement lights, which must, if used, be in accordance with the city street regula- , tiony. It is also set out that no objection will be made by the Government to any purchaser using the apace under the pavement in Martin-placc up to the inner wall ahown on tho plan, being a depth of Oft. 6in. Frobably the most important condition is tho ouo dealing with the use to which buildiuga might be put. The priucipal part of it runs.: — No purchaser filial! two or knowingly permit to be used any lot purchased by him or any building which may bo erected thereon aa, or for, a hutel or house for the sale of spirituous liquors, or for any noxious or oit'enuive trade or purpose which la In uuy way a damage, nuisance, or nrmoyanco to the owners or occupiers of adjoining property or tlio neighborhood. Kueh purchaser ahall simultaneously with tlio execution of the transfer to him of tho Lob purchased by him enter in Lo a covenant under seal with her .Majesty the Qnccti, or .some person on be half of tier .Majority, for the observance of tlio terms, restrictions and liabilities of t-heso conditions of sale, with proper provisions for securing tho due ob servance aud performance of such covenant, sucli covenant and provisions to ho prepared by the Crown ftoliaitur and to bo by uoparatc deed or con tained in tlio transfer to tho purchaser as tlio Minis ter may be advised, and the deed containing such covenaut nod provisions shall lie entered upon tho registry and cerlihcate of titles 03 may bo required by the Crown Solicitor. Fuu in ikiou IGH'HCU UIIU iiiiuia tor, if found deyirublo, of converting Martin- place into a utreot, but iu such manner as not to decrcane the width of the pavement or pathway left in frout of the buiiding lino of the lots sold. Thcro arc also tho usual paragraphs as to the non-compliance with conditions and the methods to be adopted under such circumstances. til n salti. Lot 1, corner of George-street, wan the first submitted, and was described as having 40ft. frontage to Martin-placc and a 78ft, Ojjin. frontage to George-street (the northern boundary being Martiu-lano, to which tho frontage is 41ft. 7in.. 76ft.liin. on the eastern boundary line). 'I ho mean depth ia 77ft. 1 l-16iu. Mr. Wrench said he was llot aware of the reserve placed on the allotment, but lie was perfectly safe in saying that who ever purchased it might take tho adjoiniug one, No. 2; at the same price. He alno made the assertion that it was the finest block of land in tho city or in the Southern lleuii- apberc. The opening bid vrr.3 £1300 per foot, aud was carried up by hundreds until £1600 was reached. Here the bidding dropped to fifties, ami no ono could be induced toadvanco beyond £1700, despite the assurances of Mr. Wrench or the piercing glance ofjMr.Gormnu, who looked in vain lor tho semblance of a nod. Mr. Wrench Hum said, " I proclaim the vendor's bid to be £1749 per foot." Fur ther opportunities having been given for an advanced bid and not responded to, it Mas paencd in. Tho next lot offered was No. 11, corner of Pitt-street. It has a frontage of 40ft. to Martin-place, a frontage of 72ft. 7 i n. to Pitt-street, tne depth on tlio western boun dary being 75ft. lOin., and the width at tho rear 38fl. Dm. The mean depth is 74 ft. 2 lo-16in.f £1000 per toot wa s the opening bid, and this wis quickly taken by advance of £100 lo £i50U. Tho auctioneer then said. "J now declare (o soil." No higher bid being forthcoming, this block was knocked , down to Mr. F. T. Hmnphcry at £3 509 per ; fool. Lot 10, the adjoining ono, havimr a i frontage of 30ft. to Marlin-plsee, wit h areess i to Mai Liu-l.uio, a depth oi VUfl. rin. on the j western boundary and 75ft. JOin. on (he ! eastern boundary. The width at roar wan 27ft. bjin., mid the mean rinpl.ii 77ft. 2 in. Jt j openpq at £1990 per foot and wp.m falcon m I £1200, £100 ci-arii hid, at. which l.ignre it v;a»< | declared sold to Mr. John Gilchrist. Lot-9, | liavingn 50l>. frnnfnge lo Martin-p'.-vc, n depth 56ft. 0£in. on t.ho weptiorn boundary, j 56U-. 4 Jin. on the eastern boundary, with a ! width at row of 5Ctt. Tho jr.cim depth win: ' 56ft. 2111. Tho opening figure was £200 per i foot. Two bids of £100 each took it to £1000 por foot, at which rate it was knocked down to Mr. James Brown. Attempts to dispose of lot 8 failed. £800 per foot was the llrst oiTer, advanced by a second bid of £100 to £900 and then by £50 and £25 bid. to £975. The vendors' bid was declared as £999, and no purchaser being on hand at that rate the block had written acros3 it "unsold," No better fate awaited the attempt to, dis pose of Lhe blocks nearer George- street, the only bid for allotment No. 3 being £1000. Air. Wrench, alter expressing regret that tho land had not gone oil" with a greater flourish, offered to put up any lot wliich purchasers wished to bid for. There was no response to this oiler, and the remaining allotments were passed in to be again put forward when con ditions were more favorable. The actual purchasers of the three blocks proved to bo the Mutual Life Insurance Company of Hew York, who intend to erect thereon a fine block of offices for their own use. The Pitt-street frontage is about 73ft. and the total to Martin-place 100ft. Tho total purchase money will be £126,000, or an average of £1260 per foot. 