CHAPTER I.. No Cpot in the wholo' Southern Ijemis phere caii boast such a rugged and ihn. posing coast line as New Zealand. On its most northerr, ledge towers the Great Barrier ltock-the first 6oint on which the ocean 'tossed mariner rests his weary eve-the first land sceln When bearinl uip for' Marilalnd. 'A 'strange land this. Along its shores the vision encounters huge ansd mystic shmapes at every turn of the sea wall. H1epre, the Colossus of JRhodes ; thlere a ponderous Sphinx, ris i:jg sheer above its fellows, and. whose hue has been lapped by the restless waves for a thousand years. Truly, a strange country is this of Te waite, the Maori, and the most'mystic and awe- icnspiring spot of all is that of the Barrier Rock. Save the Fire Mountain of Tongosgora, it is the grandest and also the highest point in New Zealand. It is t a gigaltia mount, as largoe as Gibraltar, and egsally ringed in by the sea, except I at tl'orestern end, where there is a nar row 'stip of kauri forest, which links it I with tie mainland. : Vi?ved front the sca the Barrier pro seuts tie ap ,':rance of an exact cone up to witliu tisny yards of its top. There the sloping ends. Beyond it is treeless, and as bars and bald as the crown of a friar; otherviso the sides of the giant guardian of 3lariland are densely nooded to the waterI edge. Siinular indeed, betices, i. the tree less snnumit. Seamed and s:arred, its sttrface is mottled with :: 1 -laze, which, during the sunli,-i, and even undar. the mellowcr beams of the moon, gives frth a coruscation, as if the lights were rellected from scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, are everyhltere arousnd it, and the strange glow is over all. 'No nIorthern painter in primeval day ever dreamed of forms so mightly, so grotesque, as seems to look down upon you from the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the ismaginatiosn to people those heights and depths. with a race of Titans, to con jure up the sculptor at his work, rude though it may be, alter all the countless ages that have passed. On the eouthern side of tlls Barrier, and within a mile of that nar'ow neck of earth which joined the great rock to the mnainland, stood a large and solidly built mausion. Its position was a broad, slop. inug ridge, which ran parallel with the base of the mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural style of this building was almnost as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to the opaning of this story, Colonel Harry Fernbrook-a handsome, dashing spendthlrift, who had run through a large fortune ii London, sold his couiminsiun, and with the money emigrated to New Zealand and purchased the Barrier Rock and its adjacent land from old To Hurt, the Maori chieftain, and there made his future hoinme Tihe colonel, who was a bachelor, had not been settled twelve months at the Rock ere he fell in love, and married .Myra Hilton, a Maori half-cast girl of great beauty, and heiress to immense wealth. Onte son only was the issue of this mar riage-i1ilton Fernbrook. The boy was sixteen years old when le lost his. parents by ia boating accident off the Barrier during a squall, and the duty of the youth's personal welfare devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had been Mrs 1ernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. A bold, weird looking landscape is this around the Barrier Rock, with its glisten. iug pinnacles, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with the setting sun full upon them, antd lighting up many a gloomy doll below. Here where the suit glinted upon the face of the cliff ant iris might be seen slining amidtst the Ilecce-like vapor. But rare was tilhe eye that beheld this beauti ful phenomenon, for the place had the reputation of being hiaunted. Feiv there are in our day who believe iin ghosts. This go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. We have becomoe too Imatter-of-fact and prac tical for such hmnbug. Ncvertheless, he was a bold fellow who would venture alone into the dimn and dismal region of that ravine, and not feel the influence of the place upon his nerves. It was evident some daring mtorial had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of sinoko could bea een ascending front the haunted depths of the ravine upward to where a kind of stairway was traced, formed of creepers, the outstanding stems serving as steps. It was only by standing upon tile very outer ledge above, and lparting the foliage that screened it that the smoke could be seen; antd if only superficially observed, it might easily have been mistakes for a strong waif of the fog that floated above the waterfall near which it rose. Closely scrutinised, however, its blue color and soft filmy haze rendered it recognisable as'the stnoke of a wood lire, and one that must have been made by some human hands. 6 Under the branches of a large kauri standing by the edge of the lagoon a canoe of rude construction was moored by a twisted piece of supplejack attached to tle'treo. Nor was this the only indi cation of tillhe presence of mat:. Close under the cliff, and near where the tor rent came tumbling down from the rocks stood a kauri pine of enormous dimen sions. Its buttressed trunk covered a surface of mnore than forty feet in di ameter, and thIe top rose nearly to the brow of the cliff, with a thick foliage upon it which completely alut out the views overhlead. Beenath' it stood a whare, or MIaouri hit, constructed of flax thongs and ruslhes, withl a door opening out to the path up the rock. Few, and simsple ihdeed were the articles of furni ture in this primitive abode. A couch made from two poles interlaced with dried flax and fern thereon, formued a bed, a shoet of bark placed upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a seat. Save an'oldtin kettle and one or two utensils there was nothing else in the establish menit in the waiy of goods and chattels. Against tm walls hung a variety of aingu lar objecti. The skull aid tusks of a savage bor, enornious bate, with humnan like faces ugly snakes, strings of teeth and beads and quaint images carved in wood. : ' Squattil by the door df thl whParO was a IMaori sroking a black, short clay pipe. lie was,b f gigantic lproportions, sind frighltfullytattooed over every part of hIis face. lIetceen.hlis broad shouilders was set a btil-lke head almost neckless. This personage vas cvidectly watching aid waiting fo the appearance of somen one expected bwray of tle, cliff, for at the slightest sund lhe would crane himself and listen intently. At such times liis back was lnt like a bow, presenting a great hunc partly the effect of advanced ageo, and arty from nrtural malfr mation. The Maori's costume was in keeping with his abode. A short thick tamba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much worn, together with a blanket formed into a toga (coat), completed his costume. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with a shot beg manufactured hfm the skin of some wild animal. Whoever the individual might be for whom the old Maori watched and waited, did not appear to hurry, for the sun be gan to dip into the sea away beyond the Tonga Reef cre the expected personage made his appearance. Illn the fast deepening twilight tie form of a man appeared at the apex of the cliff. who gave a peculiar cry, in imitation of the toho. The Maori below imniediately sprang to his feet at the sound, and began climbing up the face of the jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. The lagoon reached, he unfastened the canoe from its moorings, and paddled across to where the mnl stood for whom he !ha:l been vaiting. There was just light suiliciei; to see that this latter personage was a little hardy-looking young man, and with a form as lithe and supple as an eel. His face, though bearing no particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunnirng in a remarkable de gree, otlherwise there was nothing to mark the man from any ordinary mortal, ex cept when lie opened his mouth ; then one felt a disagreeable sensation, as may be felt at the growl of a panther or the croak of a raven. Itn a very short time the pair recrossed the lagoon and descended the cliff. Not a word passed between them till they reached the hut. There the I'akeha (white man) tllrew himself upon the rude couch, and emitted a long whistle of relief. " So this is the Great Barrier, is it ?" ie cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. " I guess 've seen some few places on this globe besides New Zea land, but hang me as high as Captain Bragg if ever I saw anything to compare with this. There isn't a level yard of terra firma on the entire rock. if one wants to go over the way to visit one's neighbour, although there are no neigh bours hereabouts that I can see, you can't do it under five or six miles climbing. Faugh ! give me a match, Bosco." The hluge Maori grinned, and at the same time handed hIis white companion a curiously carved box contaiining vestas. "Nowe, old fellow, I'ml going to rest here for half an hour," continued tie little man, lighting a cigar, and handing another to his companion. "In the in terim I want yen to acsee that' the gear is Iput into the boat all ready to make a start." " What, to-night ?" enquired the laori. "To-night, 1Bosco! The moont will be up in an hour.. We will sail when there's light enough, if you please." The herculean savage gave a grunt pe culiar to the Miaori race, lit his cigar, and left the hut. The other sat and smoked in silence for some time. until Iris tlhoughts found vent in audible mutter ings. " Egad I this is going tile ticket, and nio istake," leo cried, taking the cigar front his lips and apoatrophising the curling emoke above his head. "lHere aml I, Tisltnthy Sharpe, alias the Ferret, and valet-de-slham to his greatness iMr IIiltonI Fer:bL ook, lord of the Barrier Rock. Icre am I, ambassador, courier, messenlger, -forerunner, and what nlot, to herald the approach of imy boss--master, I Insean-to tiiss his hone, after an aib selce of live years spent inl England, and on the contiuent of Europe. Hla! ha I! ha ! it's rare fun to be a gentleman, and to do the grand tour as the boss and I have dosle for those years past. liip ! lo ! ho !" And the idea to tickled the risible musocles of the little man that hu rolled over the bunk isl a lit of uncontrollable mserrimenet. ""Well, well, I've diOne my mission here satisfactorily at any rate " when he had recovered himself. " One trumip card played, which will go far to will tile game ii properly followed up." "Now,letniie glance once mlore over Iny instructions to mnake sure I have missed nothing. First to give Bosco, the Maori, half a dozen lin es scribbled in smou out landish fashionr that old Nick himself could not react. The savage read it though, and dtsuced glad and pleased lie seemed after it too. lie placed ,imself at once entirely at my disposal, and put the missive aws.y in his dirty blanket as if it had been the Kohinoor. Second received at the house--when I got there, that is, which took a terrible time, and devilish tired I felt, too, scraping my shins against the sharp, steep rocks-re ceiv edat the hbo se with open arims. and especially by that tall, dark old she cat Rita, cthe houseke per. What an eye she ihas, and what lo?g claws for acratchling. Ilumphl Ferret, you rascal, beware of that Maori devilin petticoats. How her withered face lighte d up when I told her that Master Hilton was coming home. AhI, well! if the pl ace doesn't suit you, Timotlhy Sharpe, ye a can give notice. HIa I ha! ha ! Lastly , I am not to delay msy return; very w all, Master HIilton Fernbrook. Tie wis ad is fair for our sixty mile journey, ant t I'm glad it is so, for an openo fishing be at is not the most safe and comfortable a mvneyance on tIhe coast of New Zealand: on a dark night, and with a chopping sa on. LEitre nols, Ferret, if the wind hiclds the Master of Fernb'arcok shall see th- face of his humble servant ero to-morrow's dawn." "Whlo's there ?" The harsh voice croaked out the latter exclamation fierce. ly, and at the same ins ±ant a revolver W'as pulled forth froml thle' brea't of his but toned up coat, "Bal h! it's only Bceco returning," lihe cried, afteir an intense pause. " This in feral dell ot pIeaks and' chasms would un nierve tile devil hlimselL" lie had only timie to :.eplace the weapon in hIis coat when thle Iaori re-entered the whare. " Well; the boat is ready 1-' "l Yes." "Come then, lead tile way eosco," crisd the other, rising, and lighting a freslh cigar. ,ly master~gave me poditiveorders to be back at Pakeneiina by to-morrow morning."--To bIc Continued. £ D 1 