r'> ' r Whbi)INa-RINGS.- > ! f. Jta Jjmtpia.-.ap, vffjggpfjf otqer cp.untries,' both husoand'ana wife have a ring in testimony of thqir puptiqls. : The paemherainf our own' Royal Family j.pdppt . thieiplan: The -Dukejof don. naught weara on, bis fourth linger' a plain good hoop with " Marguerite " engraved inside ; hie wife's bearing the name of "'Arthpr."" Aqd'at the present moment; a' well- khown'Lpndpn' firm aflydrtipeis'' gentlemen's' wedding-rings ''flq a apeplality. . The Prince of Wnle gave his bjrida a'h'cmp' Tjith six' atones : beryl, emprald/'ruby, tiiirguqiee, jacinth, and . emerajd ,- the initial forming his own "pet name " Bertie." It has al ways been recognised among lovers that there is q.sppcjaljstone, for each month in love's calendar January is represented ' by the garnet (constancy) ; .February, by, the amethyst (sincerity) ; March, 'by 'the bloodstone (courage) ; APr.»,.i>y te- (HHWAPP®) 5. May, by the emirald (success in love) ; June, the agate (long::, life) July,' - the chameleon (contented mind); August, the sardonyx (married hsppi- pess)'i"Septeinber, the chrysolite (clearness of intellect) ; October, 1 opal (fortunate) ; Novem ber; topaz (fidejity) ; December, turquoise (pros perity);1" " When opr Queen was' married, she distributed, in remembrance of the event, gold rings enclosing her likeness, but ea exceedingly spiall .(hat they were invisible except by means of a'msgnifying glaqs : they are highly treasured amongst many members of the aristocracy to this day. A wedding-ring need not pf necessity be gold. . Ere this many lo.vipg couples have been married, and legally married too," with a curtain-ring, and among these were people of no less note tban tho then Duke of . Hamilton and one of the beautiful Mies Gunnings. Iron rings have beep made to do tho duty of gold, and s6jqe(iiqaj eYph leather. We (pad of one bride whose finger was encircled during the ceremony withta.meoB.of kid cut from her own glove; while the very poorest classes were content with rush. , rings. , The Puritans 'abolished wedding- rings altogether, and to this day some members of the Society of Friends object to their use op account of their heathen origin. Time was when ' they were ' worn oh the thumb. When George I. was king, as soon as the ceremony was over, the bride removed her wedding-ring from the : ring-finger to the thumb anj tl(e traceq qf the . custom 'are still visible in soipe ptotdrg.g.of the period 'where they are depicted. Ttiie perhaps accounts for the saying,' " Wear, my.huskftpd ,9h my, thumb,'1 Another class of thumb-ring was ecclesiastical. Brides of our day would hardly objeot to the old custom that after the bridegroom had placed the wedding- ring on tho wife's finger he should "supplepient it by seyeral others with -g'em'i' :"In early days the espousal circlet was placed .first on ano finger, then ou another, before' its final, resting- place,, with the words : 'Un the name of the Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost, Amen." Interesting relics of old days are the gimqtal rings, used both for marriage and betrothal. They were made of two or three movable hoops, onoof which was worn by each of the 'lovers during the betrothal ; but at the marriage tlie completed ring was united again,' and served for a keeper or wedding-ring, the hoops being kept together,, by, clasped hands, and sometimes at- tachefl to a bpart, In the -North of Europe the wedding-ring opened in the centre, so that' there was rppm forthe finger to enlarge with age hut- in this case it was not of plain gold, bp t chased and: engraved. No doubt the double and' triple gimmal rings originated in tl)e old , idea of a betrpthpd cpu'pjq fljyifliqg a poin, e»ch keeping half.' "I will" distmsi "this subject, with Douglas Jerrold's view of thq question':' " Alapk!! the wedding-ring; like fhq riiig' ojf 'Saturn, , fpr' good oreyiy it ciroles the shgje wjqrjd," ' ; /'- 