A MINISTRY OF FOBTY YEARS. At St. Stephen's, Eichmond, on Sunday, July 17th, the memorials provided by the parishioners and friends as a record of the 40 years' ministry of their pastor, the Bev. C. T. Perks, were unveiled before an immense congregation, the church being crowded in every part. The day's services commenced with Holy Communion at 7.30 a.m.,' at which there was a good attendance. At 11 the usual morning service was conducted, and a sermon delivered by the Rev. Canon Vance, D.D., who took his text from Acts xx. 20, and dwelling on the character therein depicted of the work of the Apostle Paul, and taking that as a model of what ministerial work should be, proceeded to speak of the 40 years' work of his friend, Mr. Perks, in this parish and in the diocese, which had been given without reward, and sometimes without recognition. Dr. Vance, throughout, spoke in a kindly spirit of eulogy, which was very gratifying to the many friends of Mr. Perks then present. At 3 p.m. came the principal event of the day. The Litany was read by the Rev. G. A. Parker, and then an address by the Rev. Canon Chalmers, B.D., Bishop-Elect of Goulburn, who claimed, first, that the work he was about to unveil had been done to the glory of God. It was the duty of all believers to make the House of God as beautiful as our hands could make it. There were many passages in the Old and New Testaments which showed that God was glorified by the beauty of the temples erected for the worship of His name. The window he was about to unveil was a beautiful and costly one, and the motive that prompted the parishioners was love to God. The memorial commernoratedythe fortieth year of Mr. Perks' ministry in this parish. Personally he' had known Mr. Perks for about thirty years, and during his early work in this colony had no warmer friend and adviser than their pastor. During all this time his work had not been confined to his parish only ; he had been identified with many other affairs. It was he who originated, and mainly assisted in carrying out to a successful issue, the Widow and Orphans' Fund. He had also taken a prominent part in the erection of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. The subject of the window was St. Stephen before the Sanhedrim, when, charged with blasphemy, he says : 'Behold I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.' The calm dignity of Stephen, and the earnest faith clearly shown in his countenance, would be a useful, practical lesson, constantly visible to all beholders. At the con clusion of the address Canon Chalmers proceeded to. the window, and, drawing aside the curtains, said : ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and in commemoration of the fortieth anniversary of the ministry of the Rev. C. T. Perks, I dedicate this window to the service of God.' In like manner the tablet was then unveiled, and the proceedings closed. The tablet is of solid brass, raised bright letters on a sunken, deadened ground, surrounded by a border in strong relief, the whole resting on a black marble slab. At the evening service the Bev. T. H. Armstrong, M.A., of St. Columb's, delivered an appropriate sermon. He took for his text Acts vii. 56, the subject of the window, and in an eloquent and impressive manner dwelt on the earnest faith of St. Stephen as a valuable lesson to Christians for all time. On Monday evening the memorial services were suitably con cluded by the presentation of an illuminated address in book form to the Bev. C. T. Perks, in the schoolroom. Many old friends were present, among them being the Venerable the Dean of Mel bourne. Dr. Chapman opened the meeting with prayer. Mr. John Coverlid^ chairman of committee, detailed the history of the move ment, and said the committee had been desirous of obtaining, in window, tablet, and address, the best work that the skilled artists of Melbourne could produce. The result obtained was very satis factory, and would bear comparison with anything yet seen in this part of the world. Miss Henty presented the address, which read as follows : — 'Dear Mr. Perks — The fortieth anniversary of the foundation of this parish and of your incumbency presents a suitable opportunity to your parishioners and friends for testifying their appreciation of the faithful services you have rendered to them during this long period. Very few of us have been permitted to know you during the whole of this time; but the majority have passed many years of their life under your spiritual guidance with great benefit to themselves, and they can look back on their connection with both schools and church with satisfaction and gratitude. Your active interest in building up the Church in this diocese has been manifest to 'all,, and the healthy condition of those branches with which you have been more particularly connected is proof of the wisdom of your management. We regret that your health has been so seriously affected during the past year, but we trust that, by carefully husbanding your strength, we may, by the providence of God, retain your services for many years. The window and the tablet which we have placed in the church will, we hope, be a lasting memorial of the respect we entertain for you and Mrs. Perks, and will prove to future generations that your faithfulness and zeal in the Master's service were appreciated by those among whom you laboured.' The Venerable the Dean addressed the meeting at considerable length. It was only the second time within the last two years that h e had ventured out at night, but he could not resist the impulse to come but to Richmond and take part in the congratulations to his friend and co-worker, Mr. Perks. He remembered St. Stephen's from its earliest days, and had seen it grow and expand under the ministry of his esteemed Mend, and could testify to the worth of Mr. Perks, not only in the parish, but through the diocese generally. Others had spoken of his valuable services in connection with the Widow and Orphans' Fund, and the Cathedral, but he (the Dean) could testify to his valuable work in the Councils of the Diocese. He was most punctual in his attendance at all the meetings, and his advice and assistance were of the greatest value to his clerical brethren. Messrs. Langford, Ewins, Wilmoth, and Bradshaw also addressed the meet ing, recapitulating to a sympathetic audience the various phases of the work carried out by Mr. Perks in the Parish of St. Stephen. Mr. Perks, in his reply, thanked them sincerely for this manifestation of goodwill towards himself and Mrs. Perks. He traced his career in Victoria from his landing in 1851 to the present time. He first officiated at St. James', and after wards at St. Peter's, then the most important church in Mel bourne. He afterwards went to Ballarat, and preached on the gold fields. On November 16th, 1851, he and Mr. Bloomfield (for whom the church was originally intended) opened St. Stephen's Church, then a very small place. He conducted one service a day until the following year, when he conducted two services. At this time Brighton was opened up, and he had to ride to and from Brighton as often as he could. At that time there was no church as far as Brighton on the one hand, and Nunawading on the other. A mud hovel was procured in Hawthorn at 30s. per week, andchurch opened ? there. Subsequently Mr. Fenwick presented to the .people of Kew a piece of land, and the Kew church was erected. Thus Hawthorn, \ Kew, Brighton, and other places were offshoots of St. Stephen's. | Then Eichmond itself was divided by the formation of St. Matthias', and recently St. Bartholomew's, parishes. Beferring to his general diocesan work, the . rev. gentleman remarked that if his life were spared until the next meeting of the Church Assembly he would be in a position to report that the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund, which he had originated, had now a clear balance in hand, well invested, of £26,000. The Cathedral, too, he took an active interest in; altogether £125,000 had been spent on the building, and every penny had passed through his hands. The building had been erected by the committee, purchasing nearly all the materials with which it was constructed in the colony, and employing day labour for doing everything that could be done by that means, and they had never regretted it, for a better or more skilful body of men he had never met. In conclusion, he again thanked the congregation for their manifestation of goodwill towards him. During the evening the choir rendered musical selections, and some nice solos were given. 