H, His First Attempt. Br Jessie Leete. (" ABGOST. ") H an oat-of-the-way corner of a Hdon ball-room two men bad sought. Bipor&ry; refuge from the tide of Hiionable frivolity which surged around The elder was a large-limbed, Ked-featured man of nearly forty, the keen blue-grey eyes and reddish Enhich mark one type of tbe canny Bt-country man. The other was a Bsome young man, not yet thirty, Ethe good-natured, lazily nonchalant Hf the genuine Loudoo man about l The two men had met for the 1 time a quarter of an hour ago, but were now chatting pleasantly and By together. Some chance remark younger man, Howard Barrington, Hbntly led Mr. Alexander Carr to Krd an interrogative assertion. Bfou are not a married man, I see ¥ Hkndeed, no ! Cold mutton and Bing-day bliss have no special attrac- Wfor me, I confess. Life is a fairly sort of thing for a bachelor, bnt I Bbt it's being worth living iftaken so H aa grand scrieux as matrimony Kes. Of course, I speak as a poor added Mr. Barrington, in an Bynatory tone. ' If I could count Bpands where I count hundreds, I perhaps be able to offer even so Kvagant a luxury aa a wua as p are, it is an open secret that I BNo marry — when the evil day at Bvertakes me — for money. Forty Hty thousand is my figure — exact Bmt to be adjusted to a sliding-scale and good looks — not to mention HHemper — in the lady who is to buy Kioar of owing me.' Bt a very lofty view of matrimODy,' Hyed tbe elder man, with a rather Hrsmile. bssibly not ; but it is tbe view |K me by common -sense. I have of my own to keep a good coat By back now and to provide a decent Rfor myself and a friend ; but sup- were seized witbthe insane desire Ky Eme girl's dressmaker's, bills, would my little income go then? Ks, think of how much I should Bb give up ! Friends — a woman /hates her husband to have any H| but herself — liberty, amusement, B independence ! Why, what has when he haB tied himself to Kan's apron-string ? has at any rate a home, and Kie in it whose interests are al with bis own.' Kt a high enough bid, my dear fetters will need to be more Brgilded before I consent to my free limbs with them. Sold Bhltimately be, uo doubt — bnt it with my eyes wide open — to see of my freedom told down in Bsoio of the realm before I sign my freedom for ever and a Bhese are yonr London ideas of lire, Bpose,' said bis companion a little 4 In tbe North we are still old- Kgned enough to retain some of the HUted belief in domestic bap- Kt then a son of the house came up theidlers out of their cosy corner, Bey were carried forth, helplessly to add yet two more conples HKalready crowded floor. Alexander Carr was the only son HHbir of a wealthy Scotch manufac- Bvho some years before his death, Hraisposed of his business to a Kited Company,' and retired with Kpoils into, the ease of private life. HEhe son had inherited too mnch of' gather's talent for commercial Eprise to pass his life in contented Ejs, and was already becoming . as one of the successful financiers Be day. He and his young sister Bance had lately taken a small honse Kayfair, and were just beginning to circle of acquaintances in Lon- f quite another type Howard Hpgton. A Londoner by birth, Bnor by profession, a 4 man-abont- bv choice, a ' nood fellow ' by Brepntation, he had, as yet, never serious day's work in his life, Hliad he depended for his living his profession, wonld have been Bbd in evil case. Yet his accomplish- Bs were many and varied. He was Kck billiard and tennis player, and a Httal shot ; as a stage manager he was great request ; he could conjure Kpst well enough to earn his daily by that art ; could sing a -tenor us well as many a concert singer Kcotild keep a room convulsed by his B-co:sic recitations. A pleasant life whole, thongh scarcely reaching Beroic height, and distinctly wanting element of perpetuity. Hr. Carr, himself a serious andsome- taciturn man, was cnriosly at- Ked by the brilliant yonng fellow, never felt it beneath his dignity to using. An odd sort of friendship up between them, and before RMr. Carr requested his -sister to BiT an early opportunity of including Barrington in one of their modest Kier parties. FJeasance bad tail then Wer chanced to meet her brother's new Bnaintauce. I am sure yon act admirably, - Miss H<I have never yet made the slighest empt in that direction.' KMr. Barrington -was seated beside his Bnng hostess at the dinner tablet ' At Hst sight, Pleasance Carr might be Kscribed as jnst a pretty northrcduntry Bsie, with the proverbial yellow locks accompanying Use eyes. It was Bly after a while that yon saw the eyes shaded by long black ladies, Which Eepened their colonr almost to violet, Ed notlcei the delicate dark eyebrows wbicll lent a distinctive character to the K ' Hen yon must really allow ma to Bave tbe hooonr and pleasure of calling Borth yonr latent histrionic talent,' Bnswered the guest, with a very -credit- Bhle imitation of eagerness. l am get- |Bing up someprivate theatricals just now, Bor tbe benefit of the schools at — pon ny word, I don't quite know where they Bre !— but they are in some alum, some- Br&erc.; -And nf coatae,>yon:know, the Boor little beggars mnst be tanght their ' catechism arid so -on, or -how are they Bever to be content" vmh the-- droidedly.. H unpleasant — state to which they are' called 1 Yon will help me- won'tyou X One never pleads the canse of charity with a lady.in vain.' ' If anyone will give me the' training I shall need, it willgive me pleasure to be of use in so good causa' Not one of the usual" depreciaty -ex- cases, no mention "even of a coldj not a single engagement pleaded ! — did ever a girl show herself more wanting in the art ' de ee f aire -valoir T Howard Barribgtoni'waa almost taken aback for once ; the ground seemed cat from aoder his feet. He was so accos-' tomed to ' meeting ' 'graceful diffidence with delicate flattery, and gradually diminishing insuperable difficulties by well-tarned compliments, that for a minute be felt quite unfairly treated — defrauded of r&;wabject of conversation which, 'neatly handled,; would have- lasted neatly . the whole dinner-time. Ee felt juataAaiie siraid of this quietly nnfiinnhcn wAnnn »!) ww«w|vvavu jvuug I, UUII llUv OCiiOHtKUIl was arioyeione, and " "not wholly oa- pleasant. . And before the numerous rehearsals for the play in question were aver, Mr. Barrington had learnt ihat Pleasance Carr was, in many others matters, tbe exact opposite of most of the young ladies with whom he had been used to dance, gossip and flirt. In all her ways and words, a gentle and modest reserve was blended with perfectly frank end innocent confidence — a mixture which Mr. Bai i iugton found piqnautly fresb. The trsk of drilliojg. her in her role s-iun became a real labour of love : he had never before had a pnpil ao quick to respond to every suggestion, so accurately conscious of her own powers 'and limita tion or so geauinely grateful -for the pains he bestowed. Inch by inch she, all unconsciously, drove bim from his stronghold of habitual indifference, till be wpke one morning to find himself actually counting the hoars which mnst elapse before he should see her again. After that, tbe citadel speedily sur rendered at discretion. When at length tbe evening of the play arrived, and Mr. Barrington pleaded with Pleasance Carr, in his rdle of lover, for some sign of her favour, there was a ring of sincerity in his voice, a depth of ex pression in his face, which awoke the plaudits of the audience, and caused the heroine's cheek to burn and her tones to falter, as she took up her cue and meekly confessed ber love. She dared not meet his glancs ; bnt ibe trembling of the hand he was privileged by his part to hold, caused the once hardened heart of the boastfa! bachelor to beat a double-quick march of hope and joy. Now, had tbe course of Mr. Barring- ton's love ran smoothly, why should its story be written ? Nothing so unioteres- ting as your level turnpike road, with never an obstacle to snrmonnt, or ' a danger to be encountered. Even Love himself seems actually to prefer the windiDg mountain-path, with all its difficulties and dangers, its precipices and yawning chasms, for he rarely cbooses the straight and smooth road to the goal. In this particular case, the circum stances which prevented any wearisome mouotony in the path of Mr. Barring- ton's wooing was the habit into which he bad fallen of openly poBiog as a fortune huuter, and on all occasions proclaiming his distaste for ' domestic happiness.' Unfortunately for bim, Mr. Alexander Carr was a man who took life very seriously, and accepted whatever was said "an pied de la lettre." Tell bim yon were dying of cold (when you felt a little chilly) and he would immediately ring for someone to fetch the doctor. So when .Howard Barrington. declared that nothing bnt poverty would ever induce him to commit the social suicide of matrimony, and that, nevertheless, he was willing to wed the ogliest woman in England, were she bnt properly gilded, and much more such noDsense, Mr. Carr had listened quietly, and thought that he was getting a curious glimpse into the real sentiments of the modern yonng man. Coupled with this inability to detect jest from earnest, was an obstinate adherence to his own opinions, when once formed. He decidedly liked Mr. Barrineton. bnt in the recesses of his own orderly mind, be had labelled his new acquaintance like'a museum speci men : ' Howard Barrington, an agreeable companion ; gifted with considerable talent ; but; mercenary, and ill-fitted for domestic life.' And the label once affixed the matter was dismissed as fioally settled. The softest spot in Mr. Carr's nature was his deep and unselfish devotion to his yonng and. only sister, Pleasance. The world could scarcely have prodnced the man whom he would have considered quite worthy of her love j and her in sensibility to the advances of all previous \ saitors had confirmed him in tbe belief tbat she herself would be equally hard to please. When, therefore, Mr. Barrington one day suddenly presented himself in the character of a anitor-for his sister's hand, a very derided feeling of -anger mingled with - the wealthy financier's surprise and dismay. So it was - his pretty Pleasance, his cherished darling, whom Mr.. Barrington had fixed upon as hispray 1 It was she "who " was to supply this idle "young -fellow -with the means of leading.a.luxarioas existence, while her warm womanly natnre pined in sadness far Wlr.-af fllWinn .«if nr the home-joys for which she was sp well fitted ! Bnt herWbs a quiet and cautioui man, and trisrsply was caltn arid court- eons, thoihjabBalntely derided. ' No,' he-said, -after-a minute's pause;' no ; I.cannpt giye my consent to your addressing my taster. You are not the1 man-tonakeher bappy.' ,, 'But" wily "not, Mr. Cirri I would do everything in 'my priwet to do eo, and I' cannot help-sloping "that she cares some thing for me already.' . ' '' 'oh 4rive"Bptikeh ttl- heiP About it, thenf '-'f | JBat jBhfe . .wpnft'only say" that cOuld give me "no answer till lliad. spoken. / to i yomj -She would scarcely have -said—that however, had she meant tosefhgaivne. And, surely, , if we love oneAnother, that is the best startii-inf hivimppinesaf,. ' With some men, yes ; but not with' yon. ibn havssaidi in i my hearing Ai dozen times -that- domestic happiness ' would eveiSm mffigent totim, anp) no doubt yduarB nglit1 But Pleasance £« i society life, or a society husbana; and I cannot see her happiness trifled away by a man who by bis own confession is a fortune-hunter.' ' A fortune-hunter I If any man dares 'began Mr. Barrington impetuously, but tbe financier gently interrnpted him. ' You cannot be offended at my recall ing what you have so frequently yourself asserted. My sister is not a very great heiress, it is true, bnt ber fortune exceeds tbe amonnt you have named as an essential in any marriage into which yon 1 might enter. You are not, perhaps, to blame for desiring a rich wife, but my little Pleasance mnst not be sacrificed to such a marriage as you contemplate.' Howard Barrington was pale with aoger and mortification. ' I wish she had pot a shilling in the world !' he exclaimed passionately. But neither pleading norprotest could stir his adversary' one inch' from the position he bad taken np. In vain he ' eat his own words,' and revoked! a hundred thoughtless assertions. He was on the horns of a dilemma. Either he had meant what he said, or he had witfully asserted what be did not' realty believe: and either seemed - almost equally bad in Mr. Carr's msttcr-of fact eyes. 4 Don't pres9%ie'any further,— there's a good fellow,' Btid the "elder man/, at last. . ' 1 iell.-you plainly and finally, it can't be, and I know that Pleasance will trust 'my judgriTeht in tbe matter. I don't want lo quarrel with you at all. vi courxtts, yuu i»u v vjuic w» m» uvuoc for the present; but I ehall see you elsewhere, and we can still be friends. You will soon - get over this unlucky fsucy, I'm sure, and find "soihe" hice American woman with twrce: my little girl's fortune — and none of nor sensi tiveness, which would only bore you when once tbe honeymoon ' was over. You'll thank me by -and-by for what I am doing now.' s The steady imperturbability of his adversary was so evidently - not to be shaken that Howard Barrington felt it useless to fight any longer, and retired for the time defeated and downcast. Later on in the same day, Mr. Carr gently informed his sister of ' what had passed. ' Do yon love this yonng man, Pleasance ? he asked in hie nsnal straightforward fashion. A bright blush dyed her face, but she answered him with equal frank ness : ' I have know bim too short a time for that, Aleck — but I like him very much.' ' Can you trust me well enough to believe tbatJE tikve acted for yonr - real goad in breaking off the acquaintance ? You know nothing is farther from my mind than any wish to tyrannise over you, Pleasance ; bnt we men know each other better than yoa women can ever do, and I give yon my "word "that he is not .fitted to make yon a good husband. He has been attracted more by yonr fortune than by yourself; I myself have heard him declare frequently that money was tbe first essential th him in marriage. And don't waut to Bee you taken as a mere appendage to yonr fortune,. my lassie. Yon won t bear me any ill-will for what I have done, will yon, Pleasance ¥ he added, almost wistfully. His sister's smile was certainly not that of a heart-broken maiden. ' Not if yon bad sent away a dozen lovers, Aleck I What ! quarrel with you for the sake of a man 1 had never Been three months ago i Tbat would indeed be a poor return for a lifetime's affec tion.' Her brother drew a deep Bigh of relief and contentment. Evidently, after all, Pieasauce's heart had not anrrendered to a stranger at the first summons. Her fancy had been pleased by the ideal picture she bad drawn in her own mind of Howard Barriogton, but of tbe real man she had sufficient common-sense to know that she new next to - nothing. And Pleasance Carr wae so very old- fashiooed and prosaic a maiden ss to cherish a most unberoine-like faith in the wisdom aod kindness Of her bataral guardian, and actually to believe it possible tbat be might, on the whole, be better able'to iudve the character of a new acquaintance than she was her self. So without protest she acqniesced in her brother's request, that Mr. Barring ton might for the present be dropped ont of their small circle of friends; and went on her own quiet .way as before, not altogether forgetting her banished snitor, perhaps, bnt with silent faith that if he were really worthy of her love, time and patience wonld prove him so, and that if the contrary were the case, Bhe would be no loser by her brother's cautious care for her happiness. IL Several months slipped by with out any change in the situation, and Howard Barrington was not a little surprised to find that his love for Pleasance Carr, instead of . fading decently away into oblivion, took still firmer hold npon him as time went on. Her old-world simplicity, her 'old- fashioned' modesty, her maidenly dignity and innocence— in short, all tbe charms which bad attracted him to her, seemed to shine bnt the brighter in his memory from force of absence, till his impatience and restlessness under the long separa- : But what,wa8 to be done -to imri-ave vnatterei Pleasance wfent bat -little into general society, and he could dis cover no good-natured mutual friend ready to afford him a yhance of meeting ber.again. He conld .scarcely present jbimhnipvit'Inherljrtlhejr'rihpase «ft»r what had /-passed/ ; asi ' Pleasance,- hertelf 't jyLgehtiy but/decidedly : refnsed "to enter Jrinto a ' crixespoo'debce ' with him. . From. -.time' -to time he met iUnder Cat):1 hit fugjcltftji' yrf&jSytffitm.; civil sentences riwaysl sssed -ibetweep' them ; but he felfc (hat this slen'der link/ might he tenapped '-at fany moment - by any.rash or presdmptnous jact <yi hiSj part." . . .'A; " It chabch'd, however, before many I'HW&'fri'jfogi of business brought. -the two men mom 5 into'&ditiaetf-bnB; -ft IMs therefore so jwhea smemoroing Mf.iOarrwasiushered j.into'hiB=privptte'riwhIl-vi 5 ' I him, tbewame conld bot he stid -tff / the J 'riBitOr'ir%iibr. - 'lBtially the hioet I straigHtforward anol concise of mortals, j Mr. Can "was" that morning evidently nervous and ill at ease, and- his words | were conspicnonsly lacking in coherence. . After various disjointed/rematis reepect- | ing the weather and things in- general j there came an awkward pause, ' broken - abruptly, after what seemed a consider-' able time, by the .elder man. ' Do you know auyfhing of the' Santa Croce Company J' ' Yes, thkt it's on ita last legs. The owners will be let in : deeply, I fancy ; i deeply 'even for a mine.' ' Yes, it's a bad business, replied'Mr. Carr abstractedly. ' Do yon know haw deeply itir will' let me in ' when' it: goes? ' Yon ¥ exclaimedthe solicitor, greatly . startled. 'I hope itis ndthing serione.' 'SeriouB enough, I can tell yout : And, as ill-luck never -co toes -alone, several, other things have tamed ' ont badly ' of late ; and, in ehoit, I may confide to you fhaf. T a m in a vapd <«>ahs"'mram ' . -U p " Carr paused abruptly, and looked steadily,, at the carpet ; tb"eri, as if 'witb an effort, he continued,: 'I siil ior South America next "Friday. Those Santa Croce shares are still worth something; I' believe," if atayobfekaffirienliyioterekted were on the spot to' stop the. wholesale frauds which are being carried on.- -At any rate, I cab bnt iiy ; a fdrlorn rhbpe is better than none.' He stopped again, and his companion looked at him": enqriiringly. ' Yon want me, I suppose, to dosome- thing for yod'io yodr abs'ebce V ' Not exactly ' Mr. Carr's nervoas and ' embarrassed | manner was strongly in contrast with his nsnal composure, and he" avoided meeting Mr. Barriogton'e eye. ' The fact is — well, in "fact,, yon see, my sister's nioney-'was1 never, properly settled upon her. as it ought to 'have beeo. My fahher knowing that I had no one bnt her tOoare for, left it entirely in my hands, that I' ffught .be free to do the best I could for her. I always meant to put things in proper' order some day, but it got prit' off and put off; and now — well, now her money has gone where mine' has ' gone, into the bottom of those Bolivian mines. How much of it will ever come np again, neither I nor any other man living can say.' Howard Barrington left a -great throb of relief and joy ' at the thought of Pleasance Carr free to be wooed for her self alone, bnt he heritated to obtrnde his personal feelings npon- the worried and embarrassed men before him, and ere he conld frame a suitable sentence, bis visitor spoke again. ' What I want you to do is to "draw np a deed of settlementoffoar thousand pounds upon her. It's all I can lay my hands npon at ' this crisis, knd a miserable pittance it. it, compared with what it ought to have been ; but I want that little made safe 'before I start for Bolivia, far there's no knowing what might happen. I don't want to go to my own solicitors, for' reasons yon will easily guess. Can" you have the deed ready by the day after to-morrow? ' It shall be ready without fail. But I hope things will turn out "better than yon fear.' lney may — ana tney may not. in any case I koow 1 can trust you to keep counsel. And yon'Jl have the deed ready for me to aigo on Thursday.' The two men shook hands without more words, and Mr. Carr departed with evident relief at having cooclnded a trying -interview. The settlement was signed in due course, and on the follow ing day Alexander Carr sailed for South America. A dozen times in the course of the Dext day or two Howard Barrington told himself tbat it wonld be qnite impossible for him toobtrndehidiself dpon Pleasance duriogber brother's absence ; neverthe less, at the end of tbe second " day he found himself dismissing a cab at tbe end of B Street, and sauntering past the well-known house, just to glance, with ill-acted indifference, at a window where be had for a brief -minnte seen ber face. The 'bijou residence' looked well-kepcand trim as ever, bnt a second glance, told him that an omioons bill in a lower window announced the house 'To be Let FaroUhed,' and the works, ' Apply to Caretaker within,' in- formed him that tbe bird — to him, of Paradise— was already flown. He had really not meant to obtrnde npon h9r, bnt. .it ' was very tnnpieasabt to" him to 'find his sacrifice made a compulsory one, and thereby to be deprived of all ita honour. He was, however, too true a gentlemen to make !'any endeavours to discover the whereabouts of the young lady while she was deprived of theprotection other natural guardian, and so, with an impatient "malediction on his own ill-lnck, Mr. Barrington departed from the neighborhood of B — — Street, .and strove to await with patience the retnrn cf the dragop, whose verabkeOcewas the best protection of his' treasure. .- i . A few months later, Howard was ooe day passing atnng a busy thoroughfare, when his attention was attracted by a little funeral procession, : which1- was cautiously making its slow and mourn ful way among the crowded traffic. Two carriages only, and a simple hearse, the second carriage with closed bliuds, evidently an empty compliment on the part of tbe doctor or the solicitor ; in the foremost Carriage two women, the one io the uniform of a hospital nurse, and sad-lookiag. Mr. Barrington hailed a pasalng cab; and instrncted the driver to follow the "-cortfigB/ at a respectful distance. i Unobserved "he -stood in the back ground daring the short service in the subarban cemetery, siiid, still unnoticed, followed the-mourhers on their-; fiome- ' ward journey to jala old-fashlonM little ;£ottagp in; an >qut-of-therwey z ' corner of Old Kensington:; then, having made sure that this was indeed her abode, "Howard at once withdrew, respecting the ;£tncerjtj of the girl's eridentj.-grief, 'thonghtmable to oessits -came;«-v' "But'aftertbe lapse ibfa ay 53i;.itwo, fthlffinDm8trot ypnng -man;rt to hannfetjWjpjglijuhqf- "the 'quiet xxritage,<witli a persistence' iwhkfr soon hcgffVjhffltiinthesuiripaBtten- tione of a local policeman; J ' BvitK' not :hopMjphQg(|u>4.il99oFf4 fe«rpt: amffiannt- diattiffi#lHflipieaw-terlsint wearily sktamh' hut tetireS ;piit of Kensington Gardens':; ' ItiireB a qniet faonr of tile d%y, and' they were practically- alone. He. went np to her, and held put his head in silence, for the commonplape words of greeting which he had carefnlly prepared died nnuttered on bis tongne before the flash of glad surprise which lit np the girl's pale face. ' I am so-glad to-see yon !' Evidently the words bore far more than the conventional meaning usually attached to tbem. It was plain tbat some trouble was weighing be-vily ution her, aod once again Howard. Barrington felt that he must, for the present, set aside all thoughts of bis own hopes and fears. What is the matter ;' he a-ked gently, as he seated himself beside.ber, ' I am alone in the world, it seems to me. I have heard nothing from my brother for montbB ; I dared to think what I may hear next ' of faim. My Aunt Christina," whom he' sent for from MbtillBUU VCIU1C UC WCUlr CkWAj VJ- UUIU6 abd live'with me white he "was gone, 'died quite suddenly. a little while ago, and at this time of 'year all the few people I know in London are ' oat of town, most of them out of England. I have gone.thrpugh'snch ionelibees.and anxiety in the lasE fortnight ! Bnt how I have'met yon, I know yOn will advise me for the" best.' ' Mr. Barrington Jelt a tWn of delight at her Bimply confessed confideooe ' in him, and resolved there' and then to show himself worthy of it. ' Have you no ' relations or intimate friends to whom you can go? he asked ' impelled by conscience to the question, and inwardly praying for a negative answer. 'None to whom- I 'care to .turn in trouble. We have very few relations, and those are distant ones, of" whom I know but little. What had 1 better do?. Marry me to-morrow; was the reply which leapt to Howard's lips, bnt the instinct of civilisation was stronger than the impulse of nature, and he refrained. ' The first thing to b.e done is, beyond doubt, to try sod ascertain yonr brother's whereabouts. - Evidently his letters to you have gone astray.' ' You thiok, then, 'there is no real fear for his safety ? ' Certainly not. What more likely than that a"mao travelling in so unsettled a country as Bolivia should be lost sight of for a few weeks ! 1 will find oat yonr brother's agents there, and tele graph to them at once for the latest news of him.' Pleasance drew a deep breath of relief. I knew you would be able to belp me !' she said, looking with frank gratitude at her newly-received friend. Waroings and suspicions vanished from her miud like inlet before euolight as she met bis eyes, eloquent with honest desire to serve aod help her. She had always admitted to herself a possibility that her brother might be wrong in his estimate of Howard Birrington, and now at a bound she rose to indepen dence of thought and action, and gave her affairs into his hands with absolute confidence that .he, if anyone, could bring her safely thought her troubles. Tha anffnf llnP PflrifillginftA loyally and diligently "Howard served her" from that day forward. Bnt in one respect he' conld cio little for her; all efforts to trace her brother proved fatile. In vaio every inqniry was made ; the only information to be gained was that Mr. Carr bad last been seen in a town where yellow fever was claiming its scores of victims daily, and the Ameri can agents intimated very plainly tbat they considered any farther search would be useless./ These tidings, thongh broken as gently and gradually as love could -break them, were, a bitter and enduring grief to Pleasance, and Howard Harring ton felt that once again he most set aside selfish hopes andlongiogs,andcontentall himself as yet with the place he had won in her hearths a tried and trusted friend. But when weeks aod months bad gone by — when grief wascalm and hope was dead ' — he felt the time had come at last to think of trying biB fortune once more. There were obvious rieasoffs why things could not go oh. much longer as they were ; among other - -reasons, . that he feared pecuniary "difficulties would soon be added tu the -variouB complications of Fleasanbe's position. The absence <>f any proof of . death prevented any immediate steps being taken with regard to ber brother's estate, and Mr. Carr's old aod trdsted confidential Clerk refused absolutely to afford any information as to tbe position of his affairs, and obstinately, adhered to his belief tbat Alexander Carr "would yet return. A considerable sum had been placed ' to Pleasance's credit ..in h London bank before her brother's -departure, but it was speedily dwindling away, and she was beginning to wonder whence the next supply would come. And so, all things considered, Howard thought the time .had come to speak, and watched his ,chance and spoke, tell ing her how faithfully he had loved her, in spite of all difficulties and discourage ments. ' , - 'You know why your brother ref ased to give me a chance ? he - asked as - he 'saw her'glalice fall on her mourning garments., Ple'asaiace'hCwed her head in silence. I had been, vefy "foolish ; I had talked ligbtly and'thopgbtiesslyTof things I knew nothingabout. Half-ot what 1 used to say about, fftrrying for money, was said in joke, haif in ignorance, -but he took it'ail for- epber earnest,<«nd I can't_wonder he tlib'aght -tee !uh'worthy to address you. But even'he would do me justice noW, -were he here.' - He stopped abruptly,- for .he -had never yet dared io'llk Pfewance if she knew other altered positipn, but he bad gone toofaritodraw back ; Pleasance was lmkihg at him with Bnquiry in her eyes. - ... . - ' Did your , brother say anything: to yon abont money . /matters before he left? . 7. ' Very littSte", Hie told tne hehadhad some heavy loste.andi wasibing but to see what he could rescue vth&t-; -Vvas1 all' 'J ; Then Howard/ tel he'r. Khat /he faad learned from herbrotherVlips ekto the state of bis affairs, sqf ttoipgjaU iiejibld, bnt pntiiiig the - facts i daudyj: before |lH t'- "'At i Pleasance lcfiJ,;S2not, terrified. ' Ikes Iin« no; > longer-, hn heireas ? she eud,-ti)£thy,' '/tnd "uiEitead of pallor, a soft, rosy flash crept into her cheeks. ' Thank heaven, nn. I don't think even my love for you conld have made me able to bear the stigma of a fortnne- hnnter when ooce I had felt the sting of the reproach. But now it will be in no man's power to cast that in my teeth. There may be some little remnant of yonr brothei's fortune left, who knowsi — bnt yon will believe me now, perhaps, when I tell yon that I neither know nor care.' -' I do believe you.' It .was a very soft whisper, hat not too low for a lover's ear. ' And you can be content to be the wife of a comparatively poor man ? Yon can do without maby of the tbing9 yon have been need to all yonr life 1 Yon will take my love instead of all the luxuries and pleasures' which a richer main' wonld give you? ' What more does a woman wanttban tbe love of tbe man— she loves ? Pleasance had lifted her eyes bravely as she began her answer, -but they . fell again before ita whispered end met tbe ear bent down to catch tbe trembling Words. Two months later she Walked qnietly to a neighbouring church with her lover, to leave it half an hoar afterwards as his wife. After all, Howard Barrington was a man of determination aod resources. ' A gentleman to see you, sir.' The office-bov's voice trembled with suppressed excitement, and his eyes were opened to an alarming extent. 'Who is it? Mr. Bairingtan was busy, and spoke shorty. ' Please, sir — it's a gentleman.' ' Ask his name.' 'Please, sir, 1 know it ! Don't be frigbened, sir, it's only Mr. Alexander Carr — or a ghost 1' ' Idiot 1 Get out of my way.' The next moment Howard was grasp ing the hand of a gaunt and bearded etranger, very nnlike the trim, scrupul ously-attired visitor of" a year earlier. ' So old Stevens was right, after all 1 He always said you'd tura np again yet.' ' It was scarcely an effusive greeting, bnt the hand-grasp told a .truer tale. Mr. Carr smiled grimly. 'Old Steveus koows me well-: he knew I should take a deal of killing. But I've been very near to deatb,' he added more gravely. 'First, laid np with fever for months, io an out-of-the- way hole yon never even heard of ; then knocked on the head by a falling beam in an earthquake shock. I don't think South America stands mnch chance of welcoming me back as a resident 1' ' Why did you not telegraph to us when yon returned to civilisation ? asked Howard, not unnaturally. ' I forgot all about it in the bustle cf getting aboard a sailing-vessel which was just leaving tbe little port where X at last found myself ; and after we got in — well, I thought I should rather like to take yon all by surprise.' Do you know 1 Howard stopped short. It seemed slightly awkward to ask a man if be (mow thaf vfln naf mflrrioi) his Biefar J ' I know all about it. I went to find her at the cottage I had taken for her before I left England, and there got her address. J7ve been down to Wimbledon this morning, and seen her. What did yon marry her for ? The question was abruptly, but not nDkindly, put. ' Love.' ' So she says- Well, I can't under stand it. Over and over again yon asserted positively that you mean to marry for money, and then you marry a girl who baa barely enough set'led npon her to bay her frocks and bonnets !' 'I'd rather have her without a penny than the greatest heiress in all England or America either.' 'Then what made you talk such a lot of confounded rnbbisb, I want to know i How was I to know you meant it all to be taken by Bole of Contrary ? A man should say what be means, sir !' Howard Barrington bowed his head to the sadden, storm in prudent silence. ' And I thought I had made all safe before I left her ! I felt convinced that after what X told yon, yon would be choked off with a vengeance. Didn't yon believe me, sir? \- Mr. Carr was - deliberately trying to work himself into a paBsion, font with poor' success. 'Certainly I believed yon. Were you lying ? The coolness of the question gave the delinqoent the npper hand at once. The brown and bearded face of the elder man took a deeper shade of colour. ' No — that is, not exactly.' ' I am glad to bear it was not exactly lying; a man should always say what he means.' Howard's face was impenetrably solemn, but the twinkle in his eye conld not be suppressed. It met an aoewer- ing gleam in that of hiB brother-in-law, and without farther preamble the two men bnrst into a laugb, load and long. Then, by common consent, they again shook hands. ' It was a good idea, a capital plan,' said Alexander Carr regretfully, as be wiped his eyes, ' but it went wrong somewhere.' 'Then yon .really- ' ' I really liad had-some very serious losses, but I can't /deny - that I showed yon the blackest possible side of the matter. And as to that settlement, well, -it .was my 'first and list attempt at diplomacy. I knew I most be a long "time" absent and I thought yon a very clever and uoscrapalons /yonng fellow, and I aaid to. myself, ' All's fair io love and war.' So I had that ".'settlement I drawn np jast to give coloiir to what I had told YOU see, ' I .couldn't endure the thonght of my little Pleas ance being snapped tip for1 her money's eake, and every . woman is a fool where matrimony is-concerned.' And so yon took the very coarse which gave her to me, jh'spite of all Fntell' to say, Miss - Carr the 'heiress would have l»enquite 8afefrom'tn!e in her guardian's abeenoe ;hat I had no such scraplea, Jto overcome - about the girl whose setHOmehV l faiew .yrould scarcely buy her gowns -and -bonnets.' " Well, .eUy 'o'more about it! £ suppose nainre' did'not cut me butfor a djLploh&t1; Ataayiratfe, a&gbboppy.; aud/on»j.tiKWjweR4-ihnst poroe!>eli»ppy too.'/ % up.- those papers and comehacVwitb me to' Wimbledon; to-morrow we'll have anew settlement drawn up to a very different tune. Fate is tno strong for yoo, you see ; you've married your heiress after all !' 