TONGALA BAND OF HOPE. :o: “ Notes by Coffee Swiper.’ The Tongala Wesleyan Church was packed to the door on Friday evening last, the attraction being one of the periodical entertainments supplied by the Band of Hope. The proceedings were opened by a Choral selection “ Once again we meet,” the audience availing themselves very heartily of the invitation to “ join in.” De votional exercises were followed by the chairmans address, which, as de livered by Mr W. Day proved to be a very logical exposition of “ Prohi bition, or what our Band aims at.” Birdie Day then contributed “ wont you buy my pretty flowers ” famously. Mr W. Sanders recited “ The News boy’s debt,” with the feeling and pathos necessarily associated with the touching incident, followed by the' duet, “ Friendship ” rendered with exquisite taste and marked ability by Mrs Brown and Mrs Day. A pa thetic scene entitled “ The wanderers rescued was developed very approp riately by Messrs Day, Johnson, and Dyer. Choral peals were then heard harmoniously discoursing “ Our hopes are bright.” Mr J. Johnson recited The Old Schoolmaster in praiseworthy style, he went straight at it, and only stopped once to take breath. Mr Smith then delivered an apologetic speech and resumed a sitting posture. A novelty followed in the shape of a song with concertina accompaniment by Lottie Brown, which was accorded the most demonstrative applause of the evening. .Then came the most popular chorus on the programme, “ Answer no ” which went right mer rily. Frank Millington then trotted up and orated the “Tale of a nose,” cutting some very artistical ‘gyvers’ for a juvenile. Lottie Brown recited “ A life Blunder ” in capital telling style, ; after which the concluding item, a dialogue “ curing a toper ” was im personated very graphically by Mrs Day as (Mary who loves a wee drappie) Misses E. and S. Tweed’s and John son (three visitors) Messrs Jenkins, ; Griffiths, and Dyer, (three ghosts) who frighten Mary into total ab- ' stinence. The enraptured audience ■ howled the “ National anthem ” and “ tracked off.” 1 