A GIIOST IN A l'AACEE. If I were to tell my frler::d- a rnd a sin. 0 Lances of this pra'sirc as e that I livid fr r snm,, le:rs in a p'h:. e at my ere. hEd frT ' ri'gt to wnde? ,or it'rt malgni'cnt a~a-t. fr meat', to di"o:'rt ny.:i in its tenni cour: an a ptocre rroi=. with va- al -Cr, rather, a va- l.-at r. ri]de, tL:y un'aUll wank, s as:k,: the!:- .obi:a Eet,, :. :, a' prubabt a;k me: if 1 had -.r :ed : e. n edition oi "fairy t,:.'• F But suh ib, neverthee, a fact. I not t only liva in a palve, but drew my first br: th, and openre my round and pr'bably wanlc..ni ,ey n . v ene of past glories. y Ina ward, I was b:rn in a wing of tho I e!lebra'ed p.de. , s.anding on the ricer Wens'om, at .or w'i:vo, owned by the reowned4 but ill-fated )uke of No:folk, who went to his grave without his head for attempting to establih the power of the no less ill-fated Lady Jane Grey. Macaulay crows eloquent in deoribing the building. He speaks of its d splcndour, how the drtnkinc vessels were of 12 gell, and the cnmoncr kinae of stirling silver. He also inferms the reader that P Italian artists were employed to decorate the t panels with beautiful pictures, and thata "Duke's Palace" was the finast town house out of London. With regard to the gold and silver vessels, r I can Fay nothing, as I nevr Faw any, or 2 heard of any being found. 3Iy" christening mug," I fear, was nothing better than electro plate, and that of a third-class quality, for we were a " poor lot ;" but I can speak as to t the works of the Italian masters. On the landings-on some )f which a coach and four i might have stood comforably-the pnels c bore traces of byegone art. Miy father followed the craft of a go'ld beater, and oa r a carved porch was sa-ponded the insignia of his calling-a brazen arm, with a mullet poised aloft in the clenched fist. We kent one servant Imy vacal), named 3atilda ledge, a damsel who borrowed old style bookh from the circulating library, and went to bel replete with horrors every niht. t Orcaesinally I would creep down to the ki'chen-it had been a ecrraen hallin former days-to give Matild a score. The scene is t plain enouh beirre mo now. A emalltable -whih lhoked as if it had lost its way, and wandered into the crypt of a church-a guttering candle, and a small fire in a }rate at which a heep might have teen roasted. Poor Matilda! 3My parents rrae her as comfortable as circumstances would allow, but I hare often wondered that amid th I gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjcre up plenty of ghosts without the aid of "The Castnl of Ontario" and " The Sven Footsteps in the Dngeon." Whenever I annoanced my presence with a goblin-like yell, the circulating library t suffered. One portion of i: went clean over her head, detrimental to its binding and general arr--angement, and Matilda, who was, perhaps, aborbed in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and utter stange eo;:i,. in her t·osat seaggetive of the ener getic winding-uti of the ki:chen clock. iut she f ,rve mroe almost immediatelv. The girl lovel me. She had held me in h-r ares as a baby, put up with my childish ways, petted and p it me, and I believe that she would have rot up in the mid?le of a winter's night and trudged on her tare feet ten miles over a stony road to do rme a -e:Mice. One night-1 think it was m the middle of October-a mighty storm of wind andrain swept over the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like a pack of fiends let loose upon a tortared world. Windows rattled, signboards creakel, hEne stacks of chimneys rocked, and every now and then came a crash tellip11 of destrucisun of pro perty, and perhaps mj7r tolimb and life. My father was at wort in a room at the top of the bhose, but he could stand it no longer. He came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was full of sounds such as he had never heard before, the flutter ing of thousands of huEn wints, hoarse, an earthly cries, and :ccasionally a load thud, as if something had fallen from the clouds. My grandmother, who resided with us at the time, re'erred him at once to Banyan's " Holy War," and to inmprore the o:ccaion, Sfished that most excellent book from a book. case, and began to read from it in as solemn tones as though she were refreshing our [ memories with the Service for the Burial of the Dead. Not far fromour hoase-palace, I should say-was the ancient chorch of St. Mary.in the-Marsh, and above the storm we thought we could hear the booming of the ig bell from time to time. "Heaven preserve U? " said my father, who was pacing the room like a caged tiger. "We shall have the house down about our ears presently." "It is a judgment aon the wicked," re sponded my grandmother. "Woe to the unrighteous !" This was rathe- an unkind thing for a Smother to say to her son, who charged her [ not for board and lodging; hbt my father passed it over, and observing that fright was e driving me fast to the borders of idiocy, sat I at my side and spoke words of encoCrage s meat to me. lie told me that such conflict of the ele t ments were all sent to fulfil the laws laid I down a: the Creation, and without them the air waold become so full of imprities that we could not live. "Lightning kills blizht and clears the at. mosphe"e," he wea saying, when the room iC beame fied with a horrid quive?zing glare of steel blue, and the next instant a terrifa e of thunder drowned the voice of the hurricane, . "I cannot sit here andknow that 3stilda is alone," cried my mother, starting up. "Matilda! Ouirll Matilda, come up here and sit with us." Matilda came up vrery slowly. She was trembling in every nerve, and her face was as white as ifit hs -e bnbleached and powdered with Ch.neee flake afterwards. Mrmother gave hera few teaspooninfls of Sbrady, carenfully hoarded and kept only for r metid nalporposes, and fiatilda, after throw. ing her apron ovrer her esd, and giving vent to a few spamodi sobs, was able to speak. "Oh, marm," she said, "this ismorethan a storm. The coal and cinders flew out of the grte just now just as if somebody had Seughrt them up in their hands. And then doawn the chim ey--oh, good graiorus me ! I heard sound liske people fighting and cursing." e "A judgment onthe wicked city,"declared my grandmother. "Well, Ihave led a good life, and I am prepared to go." "1rThat must console you immenoely," raid my father, testily. "What nonense is this? I was wrong to mention anything about Sstrange oaunds. Of coursea therewoiuld be no end to them in th a s:orm as this. There, the?e! the wind a dropping, and the storm Sclaude are rolling away." I really blieve '.that my grandnmother felt disappointod at this atisf?acory irstate of affairs, and that she would have liked at least one gable of the ho?e to come down Swith a rattle, but whether she would hare s caredto be under i" is another question. SThe storm passe away, and then the d treets and courts became full of people. Men and women shook hands with each other, as we are told they did at the cessatIon of the Great Plage of London; hut on returning r home I was rather surp.eed at hearing my r grandmother, who bhad been dooming thecity to destruction, ask my father to eing, "All round my hat I weara green willow' -a song then much in vogue. But my father was in no mood for singing. He ordered me to bhd, and I started on the dark journey up stairs, and fnally found myself in my arctomeed bedroom. f It contained no ls thoa n five windows, with diamond-shaped panes, each being opened with an iron ber drilled with holes, to be fitted to a peg as occasion demanded. Our forefathers, we are told, were heravy r drinkert, and in one reepect I am certain they were fond of draught,. When thoce windows were partly open, it wae a fight between cold in the head and constitution, and the former generally gained the matery. There were tll cupboards, too, in that reom, in which men aix feet high could hare stokod upright without fear of knocking their heads, and huge beams, surch as urould make a "jerry a bhilder" of to-day stare, rceoing the coiling. SMy little bed stood near the door-a " macsaie oak affair fitted with an iron latch, io.ally Irloi a "eaus:cE'-and many a night when the moonboean played at hide aed-ceck with the Ehadowa of the iry, I have lain a?d woandre what sort of people oc c?u- , that romer: when the duke and his frien:Is qutffed '=ak and canary out of golden -oblkts. At::h time of whia I am writing I was just siet?: years of age, strong, healthy, and in nooioe euperpS tioua. To live insuch a plce, where at night strange oises are as piratifol as green gooseberries at Whitsun. tide, takes all the ghost nonssen out of one . s I nLept and ia das y as ny youth to a modern villa with a poliaemn of point duty at the earner of the road The storm hbad tried my nerves, and in dtr?d of n etting til for. the harbour of Shad"land a few minutes after going on board, ao was my usual cstam, I y-wide awake. I hcard the clockof lt Mary-in-the- larsh strike tea, eleven, and twelve, but there I lay staring at the ceil?g, or,rather, in the direttion of it, for the night ae ublae k as pitch, and listening to the frettful ailhing of the wind, which seemed inelined to tne up srain on the slightest provocation. Now, a sleep!eas boy is a mLsery to him. self. Iturnedthis wayaindoled that. I mrbbed my nose unti inwas sore, and pulled my haihr untinnl the very pain of the option brought tears into my eyes; but was unkind, and stood aloof. Just as the chimes proclimed half.paat ttwelve Iheardasoundawhich certainly did not belong to the wind. It was the patter. ingof feetnotfar from ? y room and the owner of these feet was eingmg. It was not sach melody as an ordinary peason would indulg~e in, hu weirdudkid of croning, with no time or tune in it, but prolonged nte,. then short gasps, and then longdrawn, mournful sobs. I hdmore hairon my head than I have now- afactof which I am often reminded .7 aP exasperah inrdress, who, with i wate's worth of had cold water, and Sslphur, Imp!ores me not to be "thin on the tn ell, Ier m yodthf lk rise and : flatter. Every drop of blood in my reins I tingled, and then congealed. Swas conscious thatI wa~ w trin to y out, but I was tngu-tied, and as helpless as if chained hand and foot. S yddenl re 3 actionsetin, Ileapedfrommy bed, threw oven the door. and fainted; for there, within , a few pares of me, and stalking don the corridor, ws a whitse fore-- grim, hsety, homrrible, L diinrit in relief o the je,-Ike e darknes! t I awoke, coldand shivering, and? crawle 1 back to bed jst as daw broke. My fathe: was an early rier, and as soon SI as I knew thathe was about, Iwent to him r and stated what I had seen and heard. SHe reasoned with me, arguedwithme,and I rebuked me, but all iin Ta. "You were dreaming," he esid,dismissing me with an impatient sweep of his strong e arm. "Don't asy anything of this outside, as people wil call my on a coward." Eut it so happened that my grandmother, who slept somewhere in " the parish," the r house was facetiously termed at times, joined me in the ghost-seeing line. On the following night she was roused e from her righteous snm bebyligt footfalls e and singing. a "First," explained the old lady, "I thought that somebody was singing a hymn, e but as I litened I made sure that the voice a belonged to some unholy spirit, and unholy. e spiritare notgientoaingmghymns. Well, my dears, I opened the door and peeped out, s and there - Stare abeve if ever a i wronen saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate a women." My father grew perplexed,bmt at the same time he was incrined to tret the matter in a e satirical manner, "Perhaps," said he, "the ghost dropped y down oe of the chimneys during the storm. s If so, poor thing, we must lay a trapto atch it, bat we mrt use it very gently. I aboold . ggest a glaee case, whereit would look wall I, on the parlor table." It was a dreadf l thine t live in ahauntem it houe. I begged to have my bedroom 's changed, and my reques: was granted. i, Grandmother brunt a light all night, and laid in a stock of texts to trihten the restles n spirit away, and, strangely enough, it de. it parted. But only to return. i One night my father opeed the door of my room, and ar.nnced cimnself in such a d sty le as not to euse me alrm. \- "Get up and dress yonraelf," he said. "'I it wantyou to rome with me." 11 "Where tor" Iaked, r.atu? lly enounh, as I rubbed my eyes. , "Over the house," he replied. "Soms r. body is playing the fool here." S Now, as there were only five of us to play the fool, the question was, who ould it be? Nct my grandmsother, who was snoring as oe loudly as if shehad not been to bed for a month; not my mother; and as for the faith. a ful and gentle Matilda, she was the last er creature on earth to play practical joke. r "I have seen ometing, and I hae heard as seaething," my father sail. : "Was-wa it al in white ," Ifalered. "It might have been clothed in white, or grey, or striped," my father replied; "but e- ithad certainlysomeohing whit on its head. id Listen:" re From the re;ion of the kitchen ame at srange sounds. The fender, £re-irons, chairs and tables seemed to be holding carnival, for t. ther were moving about one after the other. s Then the pcas, sance.-, anddihes began of to rattle shoot; and than somebody ( ad w it could heau the word as we crept lowuer domwn), te begAan snging: To be "L pter ad tla teke? tt hox I w.flrwthe r y det. re " Why-why" "Don't speak;" said father, interrupting as me, in a whisper. "Follow me." as Down the etairswe estole, my ?-thershd. Si ing with his hand the candle he head brought~ until we reached the kit?oen. And there waM of Matilda, in a neat print dress, ap, and or apron, sound aleep, and going throgh a r. sembne of her work as cheerflly as poe at sibte. She ade no mistke, no slip; everything m went ofe in apg!e-pie order-at leeat, &p; of pa- eotly to her mind-for, after giring a ol rv-nt stare round the plase, th s ept rn lightly past ne, and went straight to her own iroom. Early the next morning my father did the I wisest positle thing. He asent for a doctor, I wrho, comluding that the circulating library had proved a ttle too much for lMatilda'bra, id advised the " cold water cure." That niht e? when atilda was fast asl!eep, my mother u placePd on each side of the bed two bath lo towels steeped in wator. Whether Matilda e, in her asleep stood and pondered en this n dsmpnes of the weather I cannot say, bit the did not die3urb the household, and It was aiected the next day with what she was of pIleased tocall "the sne.ee." at The "cold-wter cure" wva repeated feor n several nighte but it was soon dispensmedwith. re Mstilda did her wrork at the proper time,and we never bad an~c4her ghost in the palae- e IFTekly Boi t. 