IBSENISM. ' Thus saith the preacher : "Nought beneath the sun . Is new ; " yet still from change to change we run. * * * * New schools of (so-called) Poetry arise, Where dull-pretenders grapple for the prize ; O'er taste awhile these pseudo bards prevail ; Each country book-club bows the knee to Baal, And, hurling earnest genius from the throne, Erects a shrine and idol of its own. Some leaden calf-' BYRON. IF I might add another to those current queries of the day—'Is life worth living,' Is marriage a failure,' 'Have you used Pear's soap,' etc.-I would ask—' On what special merit, imagined or discerned, has arisen the notoriety of Ibsen ? ' I am an ardent lover of the drama, and fairly con- versant with the plays of both Elizabethan and Victorian authors, but I have travelled wearily through nine of these new marvels, alike unpro- voked to laughter or to tears. Some years ago Punch had a society sketch, showing a painting, with a group of critics in front of it, one of whom, a ' masher ' of decisive type, says :' The picchaw is beautiful ! ' , A second man declares: 'But it's all out of drawing ! ' 'I don't care for drawing. This picchaw is beautiful.' Another remarks : 'The colouring's atrocious.' 'I don't value collaw. The picchaw is beauti fal.' ' But the perspective's all wrong ! ' ' Perspective's nothing. The picchaw is beauti- ful.' So, probably, if I avow my opinion that in these Ibsen dramas the plots, when there are any, are repulsive, the characters uninteresting, the writ- ing throughout commonplace exceedingly, and the dialogue utterly devoid of point, poetry, or wit, there will be found partisans who will maintain that Ibsen is divine. 'Hedda Gabler,' the best-known of his works, has for heroine a selfish, unprincipled woman, who, whilst preferring two other men, has married a trustful, honest antiquarian, and after a long continental tour with him, comes to the home he has provided for her with a mind full of discontent and evil, grumbles to one of her old lovers of her husband's interests in his own pursuits, and, to secure amusement for herself in future, enters into a 'triple alliance' with the lover. On discovering that another of her intimates, a clever but most dissolute fellow, had been assisted and partially reformed by her friend Thea (who had deserted her own husband to follow, unasked, the fortunes of the scamp), Hedda taunts him into breaking his good resolutions, induces him to drink, and gives him a loaded pistol, that he may ' make an end beautifully.' He fulfills her intention by shooting himself, and she straightway follows his example. In all this melo-dramatic business there is not one passage of forcible or pathetic writing, and the love-if it be not desecration to so term the influence which is inferred, rather than spoken—only tells in the ugly picture as lurid shadow, instead of sunny light. The two women in the piece are thoroughly disreputable characters, and the only moral to be deduced from the whole seems to be a warning to quiet, unsus- picious bachelors to ascertain, if possible, ere they marry, how many lovers preferred to themselves their intended wives retain in their services. 'Realism' is the quality most extolled as an Ibsen characteristic. If the heroines of his dramas are to be accepted as types of his countrywomen, drawn from his point of view, it is wonderful he still lives to put forth such cruel libels—that a Nemesis has not arisen to avenge her sex ! ' The Wild Duck ' has also two women in the list of characters, both, of the true Ibsen type—low and immoral. The two men who occupy the chief place are first, young Ekdal, who, being half fool, half impostor, pasess as an inventor and bread-winner, and has become the husband of an old villain's mistress, and the supposed parent of his child. His friend, Gregers, the villain's son, considers that his, own especial mission is to un- deceive the dupe, and to impress on his not too receptive intelligence the conviction of his degra- dation. During four of the five acts of this un- savoury story, the scene is laid in Ekdal's so-called studio, where:his low-born, ignorant wife and the girl are supposed to execute the photographic work which he professes, but does nothing at— where the three, besides an old imbecile grand- father and several visitors, take their meals—into which doors open from hall, bedroom and kitchen, and on one side of which are broad, sliding par- titions dividing this studio-dining-room from a garret, in which fowls, pigeons, rabbits, and a lame, wounded wild-duck live, amidst old sticks and rubbish. Is this a ' realistic ' specimen of a Norwegian family home ? Or are we to accept the incident of the old man 'going shooting' in the filthy garret and exhibiting the reeking skin of the rabbit he has killed to the family and guests, who are at dinner in the studio, as a sample of the universal manners and customs ? And is the taste for enjoying the peculiar aroma of a populous rabbit-hutch, and a crowded fowl and pigeon house, in an apartment opening into the family living-room, also to be understood as a precious example of ' realism ' ? The cabin of an Irish cottar, where ' the gentleman who pays the rent,' viz., the pig, lives with the rest of Paddy's family on equal terms, would be certainly preferable to such a Norwe- gian gentleman's residence. Hedwig, the girl before mentioned, feeling the change in her supposed father's manner to her, after his friend, Gregers, has enlightened him as to his real position, is persuaded by Gregers that, by sacrificing something most precious to herself, she may recover his affection, and resolves to let the old man kill the lame duck. A shot is heard in the fowl-rabbit attic, and Hedwig herself is found dead, with the pistol in her hand, having shot herself. The conclusion of this preposterous composition is worthy of the rest. Belling: 'Life would be quite tolerable, after all, if we could be rid of the confounded duns that keep on pestering us, in our poverty, with the claim of the ideal.' Gregers: 'In that case, I'm glad that my destiny is what it is/.' Belling: 'Excuse me, what is your destiny?' Gregors : ' To be the thirteenth at table.' Belling :' The Devil it is ! ' The translator of the edition before me, says in his introduction : 'The publication of "Ghosts" brought down upon Ibsen's head a perfect tempest of obloquy. He found himself deserted by his friends, denied his right to free utterance (on the stage), and denounced as an enemy to society.' In the interests of common sense and decency, it is surely a matter for profound regret that so wholesome a state of public opinion should ever have been disturbed. L. A. MEREDITH. 