TEH PROFANE EXERCISE Ol1 THH POLITICAL POWER of which the Government of the day had given so clear a proof. The Biohop of Londoa end othei1 prelates deemed it expedient to bring in a bill in the House oO Lords to remedy thiQ defect, and to assert the right o' the Bench of Biehopo to de cide all queotiono which might arioe regarding doctrinal error. One of those prelates went no far as to declare that unless this right were con ceded, some of the fairest gems that now adorned the Church of England would assuredly be lost to her. The statesmen of the day, however, treated the bill with derision. They hardly deigned to argue against it; wlieiro, they asked, are we to look foi1 the doc trines on which the Bishops of England Me agreed j if they do not agree, whose judgment then is to be our guide ; may they not reverse on to- morrow the decision which they affirm to-day 5 and though the Bishops were unanimous, is there a sane man, in England or elsewhere, who would regard their teaching as bearing with it the seal of infallible truth ? The bill was Hot only re jected but was laughed out of the Hougo. The Anglican Episcopate acquiesced ia the decision and no attempt has ever since beeH made to again introduce a similar measure. The principlen of Rationalism continued to yield tfaeii? bitter fruit, and the essays and reviews, and the writings of Archbiehop Whately, of Dublin, end Bishop Colenso, of Zulu fame, and others £ SKniahed abaa dant proof oi! how helpless were the Anglican for mularies to prevent their growth. The decision of the highest tribunal of appeal in the Gorham controversy, justifying cs it did fche Anglican clergy mea who v/oald continue ia the ministry whilst REJECTING THE DOCTRINE OF BAPTISMAL REGENE RATION, was to Manning the final summono to renounce the dreams and delusions with which he bed hitherto endeavoured to reconcile the principles of faith and the traditions of the Church with the Anglican system. A series o£ resolutions drawn up by Dr. Manning and his friends was published in March, 1850, protesting against that decision : ' to admit (they said) the lawfulness o£ holding an exposition of an Article of the Creed contradic tory of the essential meaning of that Article is in truth and in fact to abandon that Article ' : and ' inasmuch as the faith is one, and rests upon one principle of authority, the conscious, deliberate, and wilful abandonment of an Article destroys -the Divine foundation upon which alone the entire faith is propounded ' : and '-- any portion of the Church which does so abandon an Aztide for feits not only the Catholic doctrine in that Article, but also the office and authority to witness and teach as a member o£ the Universal Church.' These resolutions produced a singular effect throughout the whole English-speaking world, but the protest wbb made in vain, and the Angli can Church was definitely committed to the judg ment that its clergy might affirm or deny the doc trine of Baptismal regeneration, as they pleased. There were several ecclesiastical DIGNITARIES WHO WITH MANNING SIGNED THE PROTEST against enslaving tbe doctrinal teaching o£ the Anglican body to tbe secular power, but only sis oE.them, with Manning at.thpir head, followed at oace the lead of the Grace of God and entered the true fold. These, in the exuberance of the joy which filled their hearts, saluted Eome in the sweet words penned by one of them : ' O Church of the Living God, pillar and ground oi the truth, fair as the moon, bright as the sun, terrible as an army in battle array, O Mother of Saints and Doctors, Martyrs and Virgins, clothe thyself in the rob a and aspect, as thou hast the strength of Him whose Body thou arfc, the Love for our sake incarnate ? shine forth upon thy lost children, aud draw them to the double fountain of thy bosom, the well-spring of Truth and Grace.' Many years afterwards Dr. Manning, no.c7 Archbishop of Westminster, set forth in a few words She reasoning of those devoted men WHEN QUITTING THE ANGLICAN COMMUNION. ' A Church that can hold its peace in the pre sence of heresy is not the Church of God. A Church that has a living consciousness of the re velation o£ God, and of a Divine commission to declare it to g* perishing world, could not be silent. Popular tumults, the power of Governments, loss or' endowmf nta, 0? legal position, of life itself, could not restrain it. The creation of man may be bound and gagged. The word of God is not bound. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.' Again he writes : ' I will not stay to ask how such a body (with vague and ambiguous formularies) is tbe pillar and ground of the Truth : or the witness and keeper of Holy Writ or the guBcdian o£ the ' Faith once delivered to ? «f aJu.4a ' 0I- fcuQ tec- ches o£ the TKuth as ifc io in Chriofj ; or how it caa ba oriel of ito voice, he thofi^ heoreth you heareth Me. To Cntholico all this ie 1 Bimply fearful, ifi shockc the first inotinefe 01: fcuth and o2 fidelity.' 16 viva NO HUERX3D STEP THAT MANNIHG TOOK whilst turning away from nil that hitherto had been moot dear to him. Whilofc tolliag o£ the tide oi- conversion which set ia on this occasion, he deambes the einotiono whicli stirred hia own ooul to its very depths. ' The gravity of the arab jeefc (he eayo) and the fear off pi- ecifritatioa caused them to ace deliberately and to move slowly. They tele it cue to the Bccredaoss of tratb, to the relations of public and private confidence and mendohip, to fche trusfca oad duties oE their past life, to the reopect they owed to many and lastly to themeelven, So allow no- passion or precipitation to bias or to hurry them in bo momentous a crisis, in which a false step might affect not themselves ooly, but many othero, not only for this life, bnt for the life to come. What m the end they did, you bnovj- ; sad I shall not say more than that they ' wero as keenly asnsible as you could desire them to bs of all the losses and sorrows which they had to bear in following their reaoon and their conscience, or, 1 may more truly eay, the divine voice of the Church of God. But from that hour, what before wr.s a conclusion of the intellect, became a coasciousneoo o2 tho soul 1 and. an intoitioa of truth based upon a divine certainty has so filled their whole soul that not oaly no ahedow 0?. a momes t&ipy; doubt has ever passed over their coa science ov their reason, but a cease o£ wonder has arisen ia their minds how they could so long have failed to perceive a truth which is now self evident. All they can say is : One thing 1 know, that whereas I was blind, aow I cee.' Ia another passage he adds, that the conviction o2 truth ' came upoa fcheni in their thoughts and prayers, like as the ear anticipates the nest ehosdB in a melody from the'aotes which already fill the sense. Be it c-o it moy, they found their way, one by one, into the noontide, up into the guest- chamber, where the lights of Pen tecost are still luminous and changeless. What was before an act of Eseson, became a habit o£ Faith j what was an argument of the intellect; be came a consciousness of the soul. And whea friends reproached them and ascribed their faith to unknown agencies of evil, all they could eay was, s Herein is a wonderful thincj, that you Imow not whence He iss and He hath opened my eyes.* The consciousness that what they believed is the Faith of all the world supported them in their - isolation. The unity and uaivescality oi? Christen dom were the countersigns and tlie counterpart of ? their loaely faith.' It involved NO SMALL TF'AIi . ' o& She part of the Archdeacon cf Chichesfcer to pursue the course which conscience die* tated. He at a later period referred to it as a martyrdom. But the more severe the ordeal the happier and brighter was the peace which, he thenceforth enjoyed. ' I feel,' said he, ' as i£ I had no desire unfulfilled, but to persevere ia what God has given me ror His Son's sake.' And fche peace of Truth and fche joy of Faith which thas filled his soul on entering the Catholic Church were sever clouded in his after li£e. A few years ago a forged letter, published in some Csaadiaa newspapers, in which 'he was made to speak as: one weary of the Church, and wavering in the Faith, gave him the occasion to make .:. -.. A GLOEIOUS AVOWAL of the wholeheartedness of his devotion to the Catholic Church. 'It gives me the opportunity to say,' he writes, ' that from the hour I saw th,e full light of the Catholic faith no shade of doubf has ever passed over my reason oe my conscience. ''? I could as soon believe that a part is equal to the whole as that Protestantism in any shape, from Lutheranism to Anglicanisms is the revelation o£ the Day of Pentecost. As to my friends, the priests, here and in many lands, they have bees to me my help and consolation ; and, as to tbe conversion of others, my last flve-and-thirty yeara have been spent in receiving them into the Church.' (Lett. February 24th, 1886.) The firsfc important duty that devolved upoa Dr. Manning, now ENROLLED AMONG THE CLERGY OF WESTMINSTER, was during the Crimean war, in conjunction with Eight Eev. Dr. Grant, Bishop of South wark, to correspond with the Government and to make all the necessary arrangements for the spiritual assistance of the sick and wounded British, soldiers in the hospitals of the East. 16 was ao easy task. The outcry in England against the religious communities of Nuns was at his height. In Parliament and out of Parliament, in the pulpit and in the press, on a thousand platforms, anti-Catholic zealots poured out their irreligious tirades and repeated their calumnious attacks against the devoted sisterhoods. But, above all this, there came from the wounded and the dying on the battle-fields and the snow-filled trenches of the East the piercing cry for succour and relief. Self-sacrificing henrfcs and trained hands were wanting 2ov feho arduous teskj end i;he Government ?wisely resolved to accept the services .if the Nuns, whose devotednees to the poor suEerera ?wsb eooh pronounced to be beyond ail eulogy. A great deal has been written about the heroism of the soldiersj their esploifcs on the battle-field, the victories of the allied armies ; but,, perhaps, no less heroic even, in the sight of men.,' and ao less .marvellous, was the spirit of sacrifice displayed 'by the zealous Nuns, who meiited to be styled MIN1BTKR1NG ANGELS OF EIERCY, amid the untold privations oil their self-imposed warfare against disease and death. When the 'war was ended a considerable sum of money wa3 forwarded by the Sultan to the British Govern ment to be presented as a personal gift to the 'Sisters, and in forwarding it Lord Pannaure deemed it a duty to espress 'to the sisterhcod the sense entertained by her Majesty's Govern ment of the devotion displaced by them in ? attending and mitigating the Buffering o£ the sick and wounded soldiers in the British hospitals in the East.' The devoted nuns, however, declined all personal share in the gift thus forwarded, and ?asked as a favour that it might be distributed to the poor among whom they ministered. ' The Sisters feel that, in being permitted to distribute the gift o£ his Imperial Majesty the Sultan amongst the poor and infirm, they will not lose the honour which they so highly prized of having been allowed to devote their services without a ifaops of any earthly reward to the alleviation of the sufferings and to the care of the sick and ? dying soldiers of the Eastern Expeditionary Army.' The herouna o£ their charity was the triumph of the sacred cause which they represen ted, and from that day the PEOTESTANT PUBLIC OPINION OF ENGLAND has shown itself ever ready to appreciate the self-sacrifice o£ the religious Sisters. To Dr. Manning was also entrusted the special charge of the religious schools and orphanages and the ? other charitable institutions of the Diocese of Westminster. Till his dying breath he never for . sook this charge, but continued to watch over those schools and religious institutions as the most cherished duty that could devolve on him. Perhaps I may add that there is no more noble monument o£ his Episcopate than the work which \- he thus achieved, none more fruitful of blessings to the flock, o£ consolation to the pastor, and of lustre to religion, When, in 1855, he entered on his mission in that field of charity and piety, ': there were more than . 15,000 CATHOLIC CHILDREN UNPROVIDED WITH ?.--. : SUHUOiiS :, in Westminster, and there were thousands of ;; others in the poor-houses and public orphanages 'brought up in ignorance of their religion or deli ' berately robbed of the faith of their fathers. How ' grand and glorious is the record of the deceased ? illustrious Prelate that, at the close of his Episco pate, the number of schools was quadrupled s and +bat, not only has full provision been made for the orphans and neglected children of his flock, 'but the Catholic orphanages are reckoned among the noblest charitable monuments of the king dom— model institutions of which any city in Christendom might be justly proud. The Catholic Church in England owed to the illustrious Cardi nal Newman that the Oratory was established in the kingdom, and that the sons of St. Philip Neri entered on their grand and most fruitful apostolate. To Cardinal Manning it is no less in debted for . ????? : THE OBLATES OP ST. CHAKLES. In instituting them he took for his mo3el the ; great patron of the Church of Milan, who gathered around him a body of devoted priests, whose chief aim it would be whilst engaged in the worka of . the sacred ministry to aspire to the highest sacerdotal and pastoral perfection. They were not to form a religious order, but as se cular priests to lead as far as possible a com . muaifcy life, and to set an example of the spirit of generous self-sKcrifiep to the whole body of the clergy. Cardinal Manning felt convinced that such a renewal of pastoral zeal coald nob but , produce the happiest fruits in England, and his anticipations have been fally realized. In the preface to the 'Life of St. Charles Borromeo,' ''published, in 1884, he sets forbh the special mo tivts whi ;h led him to choose tbat great saint for '? his model and to invite hia Oblates to aid in the great work of bringing back THE SCATTERED SHEEP TO THE SACRED FOLD. ' 'Every saint,' he sayo, ??' represents some ray of fche mind, or life, or worL of our Di vine Master. St. Charles represents the Good Shepherd ; and this it is which has given to St. Charles a place of special authority. He is the saint of the Holy See, the r source of all pastoral authority ; of the episcopate, which is the pastoral body j of the priesthood, ' ' .which shares in all fche world the pastoral cure of : the cpiec spate. There never has been but one ? Church alone, but there have been many worlds. T There has been a Pagan world, a Christian world, , an imperial we rid, a dynaBtic world, a world of ' profound corruption, scourged and wrecked by a ? heretical world — soon, it ssems, to be enveloped „, in a revolutionary world, an ti- Catholic, anfci ? unristian, anti-social. The world at; this day is : warring, not only against Catholic faith, but i( .against Christianity ; and not against the super 'natural alone, but against human society; that .. 46, fche world io warring against itself. A world _ apostate from God mu-t be suicidal. It destroys '''authority, law, morality, and the homes of men. How, then, can it stand ? But, through all this, the Church moves on. imperishable in its life, and inexfiauotible in spiritual light and power. The Bpuls oi: men will ever need f o bo saved ; and the . salvation of eouls will ever need the pastoral core. The pooE will never ccaso out of the laud, and the paptoi'3 of sonla will never c-?«eo to watch over them. The need and tho care are both, while the world lasts, indefectible. The work of St. Charles was the renewal of the paatorcJ foruour of the Good. JJhephcrU, It yvjw no new v/&y; v£ l\pJ} drawn up by books and constitutions. It web the law and state founded by oar great High Priest ; old as the faith, inherent in fche priesthood, needed in all timeu, and vital in all tho world. Whereno ever there ate soul3 to bo saved, there is the pastor's work ; and there will bo the life oi1 SC. Charles as the pattern, and the mind of St. Charles as the ruler, of sncerdotal pei Section.' Few prelates iu medem times have been more unitod in sympathy and affection with THE POOR AND THE WORKING GLASS o:? more successful in providing for their wants. He regarded them as the chooen portion of his flock, and he endeavoured to become acquainted with their urongo, to champion their Eights, to promote their interests, to correct their faults. It T7&3 through love for them that with hearfc and soul he chose as his own the great causa of Temperance. Mainly through Mb exertions, the League of the Cross was developed in moat of the cities of Great Britain, and it rapidly spread throughout the whole empire and achieved many happy reEults. It was only a few days before Mb death tbab, in reply to a query as to the advantages of temperance in England, he replied that, ' England sober is England happy and contented. IS: we coald make the English workman a total abstainer, we could settle the moBt serious of the social problems that confront us now. I have worked toward this end for many years, and with some success.' When THE GREAT STRIKE TOOK PLACE IN LONDON a little more than two years a-?o, his aelfsacrific ing benevolence in the cause of the working man, or I should rather call it, hia true Christian eharicy, achieved its grandest triumph. The interests of 100,000 citizenu were at stake. At home and abivad men were alarmed at the social perils that threatened the Empire. The peace, not of Louden alone, but of all England was involved in the momentoua struggle between capital on the one hand, arrayed in nil the con fidence of wealth and strength, and labour on the other, immovable in its resolve to vanquish oppression and to achieve the triumph of justice at any coat. Cardinal Manning offered himself as mediator between the contending parties. The Lord Mayor and the Piotestaat Bishop of London and other distinguished personages associated themselves with him in the mission of charity. Very soon, however, they withdrew, deterred by the difficulties that beset the case and overcome by the hostility that faced them on ever^ side. The Cardinal ALONE REMAINED DAUNTLESS amid all the harrowing and disheartening circum stances of that terrible strife. With the eloquence that for forty years had moulded men's minds and woo. their hearts, he pleaded with the men to accept a compromise ; and, with all the authority which his position and authority could command, ho urged oe the employers fche concession of that compromise. Never was a nation's victory on the battlefield welcomed with greater joy than was fche triumph of the Cardinal's zuediation, and never did a successful campaign achieve more glorious and far-reaching results than this blood less triumph in the cause of justice to the labour ing clasB. In 1865 Dr. Manning was summoned by the successor of-j S'c. Peter to the responsible charge of THE AECHIEPISCOPAL SEE OF WESTMINSTER. He had hitherto been a faithful co-operator with the illustrious Cardinal Wiseman in ministering to the spiritual wants of the faithful in that vast dioeeEe. He now fearlessly and perseveringly carried on and perfected the manifold worko of religion and charity which the great prelate had begun. What shall I say oJ: his love of Holy Church ? The Church of Christ, with its light of Faith and its blessings of mercy, was ever fore most in his affections, foremost in his thoughts. From thenceforth it was THE ONE PURPOSE OF HIS LIFE to spread out the tents of the mystic Israel and to bring back to the Good Shepherd the straying sheep of the fold. He rejoiced to set forth the true mission of the Church and to proclaim its glory as Christ's Kingdom upon earth. Sustained as it is, not by political intrigue nor by the wealth and power which this world can give, but by the in-dwelling of the Holy Ghost and by the hand of God, it preserves to God's children from age to age the heritage of His divine truth and the blessings of His iove. Even at a time when fetters were being forged for the Church, and the Holy See was despoiled of its temporalities, and Bationelism was lifting up its defiant head in Germany and elsewhere, he did not hesitate to PROCLAIM THE SPIRITUAL TRIUMPHS OP GOD'S KINGDOM. ' The Church,' he says, ' was never more wide spread than at this moment, never more luminous n the eyes of men, never more explicitly known in the faith j never more united, vigorous, pure, and confident in its work. Its kingdom is not of this world, that is, it is not derived from ltj the foundation of its jurisdiction is in eternity ; the source of its truth is the Holy Ghost ; and its imperishable head is the Son of God at the Eight hand of the Father. His Kingdom is in the world, but not of it. The world may prosper and go its way, ifc may stop its ears against fche voice gS the Divine -witness to the truth, nevertheless that witness will be the odour of death unto death.' ' At this moment the universality or: the Chur jh occupies, I may say, five continents of the world. Europe and America in all its length are Chris tian; Africa is unfolding its gates, oar evange lists are there ; Asia is being penetrated on every aide ; at this time Japan, the mother of martyrs, is beginning to open its boundaries ; and Aue tralia, the cradle of an empire, it may be, greater than the world has ever aeen, is now added to the unity of fche Church. It never showed the note of universality so luminously as now. But the other day, round the throne o2 the Vicar of Christ, there were seven hundred Bishops, representing e'ome thirty or forty nations, races, and tongues, a num ber never assembled before ; and gathered, too, from an extent of tho earth's surface never before represented in any council. I therefore oay, in ansr/er to the vaunts of the world, the Church is not pent up within your four seas, or limited to a nation, nor is its heart feeble ; but the puta'ifcionB of that mighty and undying life are ever sending out tho light and the grace with which the Sacred Hecu'6 y£ Jesug miipkeb f,t? eyc-rj tu the eud.8 o£ l]Ua earth. It io accompliohrag ita miocioa clr;r,yo and to this day, fulfilling to the letter the conixnnxitd ment of its Divine Mead, - Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.' ' Lovinp; the Church, he loved fcho successor of Gt. Peter, the Chief Pasfcor of the ITold— the visible Head of the Church. Perhaps there v/ac NOT ONJs; AMONG THE DEVOTED OHAMPrONS OF THH FAITH iik modern times who more fervently and raore fearlessly set forth the dignity and the prero gatives of St. Peter cad hia successors than fchic illustrious Prelate whom we commemorate to day. And his heart was set on Some, the centre of the spiritual authority, the See of St. Peter'ci successors. More than twenty tinus he visited that capital of the Catholic world ; but never, perhaps, did he so rejoice in visiting it do when, in obedience to the summons of Chri&fc;'s Vicar, he hastened thither towards the close of the year 1869, and together with 700 bishops of every race and every tongue, took pact in the great Vatican Council. It was in the last Conoiotory which5 in 1867, closed the 18th centenary of St. Peter's mart,yrdoms that Phis IX., with fche confidence of faith wbicli ever suotained him in the greatest trials, declared his intention to converse th9 bishops of the Catholic world in General Council in Eome. The state of the world and its relations with the Church demanded a remedy mora potent than mere human legislation. The intellectual and moral aberrations of the human miad and human heart in many countries had reached a point beyond which there wag nought but anarchy and ruin to the civil order of nations. The ultimate power of the Church of God wasreqraked to deal with the evih of the Christian world. A General Council was therefore convened. The powers of evil conspired against it; but they wera held in check till tne Council had been assembled and had achieved its greatest work. The tfaey day after the adjournment of the Council the tempest burat upon Europe, and its fury io aot yet spent. The Archbishop of WeotniiQster wr,s indefatigable in every wort connected with THE VATICAN COUNCIL, and with all his heart he promoted the decree on the Infallibility of the Sovereign Pontiffs, which voicing as it did the tradition of the Faith and the sentiment of the whole Catholic v?orld, be^ came the crowning merit of the great Council. Perhaps no doctorine of the Church has been more misunderstood or more ma ligned in modern times than this Decree on the Papal Infallibility. And yet ifc h a doctrine of Divine trutb5 which foorn fche day when our Saviour commissioned St. Peter to feed the flock as the Chisf Pastor of the one fold, and to con firm his brethren, has ever been the belief and the guiding rule of the Catholic Chusch. It witnessed that Our Saviour has given to His Church the deposit of revealed truth, and that the successor of St. Peter in fche Bee of Eome is the divinely-appointed guardian of the sacred heritage. When a doctrine is authoritatively proclaimed by him to be held by the whola Churchj his teaching is unerring, and he cannot betray us into error, for he speaks with the authority and by the commission of our Blessed Lord. In the words of the Council itself, ' thia gift of truth and never=f ailing faith was con ferred by Heaven upon St. Peter and hia Quecesoors in this See, that they might perform their high office for the salvation of all ; that the whole flock of Christ, kept away by them from the poisonous food of error, might be nourished with the pasture of heavenly doctrine ; thnt the occasion of schism being removed, the whole Church might be kept one, and, resting on its foundation, might stand firm against the gates of Hell.' CARDINAL MANNING LOVED ROME, but he none the leas loved England too, and I do not think that in the wide domain of the Empire any one could be found with more intense fovo than his for his native land. He repeatedly referred to it in bio writings. Prescinding from the policy of English statesmen towards Ireland,, for it would seem as if, where there is question of the sister isle, their minds are blindfolded so that they cannot recognize what is just and honourable and right, he regarded the Empire gb one of the greatest bulwarks of civilization raised sip by Providence amid the unceasing revolutions of our days. It encircles the world with its colonies and provinces. Its language becomes every day more and more the language oE the commercial world. Tear after year, through the indomitable energy of its sous, new territories are added to itc domain. But in all this its vast; dominion partakes of fche destiny marked out; by Providence for the world wide empire of Pagan Eome ; and, in the mys terious ways of Heaven, the pathways 62 British commerce have become the highways for the angelB of truth and the missionaries of peace. Loving England as A TRUE PATRIOT AND A DEVOTED SON, he lamented the widespread ignorance of Divine truth that prevailed among the (jraat mass oi! ita population, and he rejoiced with intense joy at every gleam of truth that; shone upon the land, and every outwaird0 approach of the Anglican Church towards the uaity of the faith, With singular beauty ho gives expression to this joy of his heart. ' Evevy fresh light which spnngo up,' he eayp, ' every gleam or the true faith which spreads over England, is a cause of thankfulness to the Father of Lights, from whom alone it comes. The Spirit o£ God is working mightily, sweetly and wisely in a?.l who are faithful to His grace. No one who has a love for souls can look upon this rising of the Spirit of I if e in the Anglican oyetetn without a tender and loving care. I. pray God, day by day, to perfect the work which He has begun, and never to otay Hi3 dom. Every scattered and isolated truth in the Anglican system is a germ of faith ; every measure of grace is an earnest of more. In pro portion as men know and love God, they are nearer to the Council oi! Trent and to the Vicar of the Incarnate Word.' Whilst he rdjoices in tho opread of truth, he no lesa LAMENTS THE INDIFFERENCE TO DIVINE TEACHING which pervades fche great body of his countrymen. ' With the schisms,' he says, ' through three weary centuries came every form of error; and, with error, contradictions, doubts and controver ieo 5 spiel bow the mimlti y£ inmi ytj'jiij to lisrro lost percepfcioa and eanseofcaesa £oi: truth zu tenth. liach donna hia own view aacl is costoafc, no mat tes.1 who may err, ov how deeply, so fcbafc he be free to choone. Not this nor that doctrine of Chria oianitj, but truth go such, Truth ao fche lipht of She intelligence, the food of the soul, hoa ou£« iored this dishonour 5 not this or that article o2 che Greed, but the principle of faith, the diviao foundation of belief hac been npzooted. THE GREAT WOUND OF ENGLAND IS LOSS OF FAITH in the divine reality of objective truth.' Then ho paaoes on to deplore tho irreligious condition oS bae Kingdom. ' Mighty in itself,' lie says, ' it is mighty in all ita work, in its massive ntructure and world-wide activity, and its unerring move ments, like the mechanical forces cf some vasfc engine, resistless in weight and complex in ac tion^ mighty too in its evils, in its teaming here aiee, ife multiplying schisms, in its worship of the world, ia ita prosperous unbelief. Three hundired years of religious strife and of worldly gaia have done then* work. Under a fair surface lies hardly hid a practical atheism nnd a corruption of moral lue, o£ which they that should know moot kaow least.' And in connection with this ifc was the one yearning desire of his heart fchst, gq the frai'fc oi hia life-long toil it might be aia privilege to heal ia come way the wounds of Ihe past and TO LEAD HIS COUNTRY EVEN ONE STEP XTEAEEB, to the blessings of Divine fcrath. ' I acknowledge/' he Giye, ' that the unity and Divine cesbainby oi the .Faith, fche peace and ordei' of the universal Chnrch, are dearer to me than England wifch all its homely oweetness aad beauty, and nil its lingering and broken lights' o£ Christianity. Life is i'Got fleeting. If, in the little that n-emaias, by anything I eoold do or auffer, I could help ia fcbe leaob and lightest measure to bring England emd Chriafc9iidora once more a shade aecrec iu the unity of truth and peace, I should accept it as a grace and a consolation from the love oS our Divine Lord.' As c true paotop he rejoiced ia THE EEVIVAL OP THE FAITH IN ENGLAND and in the abundant proofs of fcho marvellous vitality of the second spring, with which God hod blessed the land. But I must ailor? MraoeK to tell us of the joys and hopes which filled bis breast. ' Never cince the time of Edward VL,' he says, ' has the Catholic Church eatered go visibly and audibly into the eyes and ears o£ the English people a3 at this moment. By its bies ai'chy and priesthood, by ita conveats aad colleges, by its churches and scheolB, by its unnumbered institutes and activities of charity and. mercy, by its divine worohip and pe^patual found of feasfcs and solemnities, by preaching and by devotion, by ifce lising literature ia many kinda, by its entrance into every class aud pro fession, by fche multitude o2 those who, all over England, tarn back to it as fche oanctuary of truth and the only way of salvation 5 by all these manifestations tho Catholic Church at fchio hoaE is in contact with fche intelligence and the con sciousness of fche people of England, s-- as ifc has nevee been since fche last Requiem was Bung ia Westminster Abbey.' ' Such a change jq the intellectual and religions habits of pocirty, and that too in spite of such inveterate prejudices o£ fche intellect and peivistence of the will, can be ascribed to nothing less than to na in fluence of tho Holy Spirit of truth and peace, which is, after to long a time, cleanoing again ths eyes that were filmed and opening tb-- ears that were shut up. The intellectual and spiritual sight of men in once more fixing itself clearly and calmly upon the illumi nation of faith. The dioproportionate INFLUENCE EXERCISED nr THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IN ENGLAt* L1 UPON SOCIETY, whea compared wifch fche narrow matertal pre* cence of fche Church and its signal disadvantages of povasfcy aad obscurity, can ba in no way ac counted for btafc by the working of a Divine ageacy casting up fche way by which the truth ahall hare after advance. It is like tho wanmth of apnag coming before fche Gummoi', the harbinger oS its approach.' And again he Wiifcec : '? 1 bear wit ness that 'IN ENGLAND EEEORS ARE VANISHING AWAT as the snow melts before the sun, passing away as the hard frooto before the coming of spring. Tho errors which were once dominant, lordly, confi dent, persecuting, where are they now ? At thia day men are proclaiming that they are not cer tain of what their forefathers brqueathed to them ; that they cannot precioely tell what is the doctrine which was intended in fche Thirty-nine Articles and was incorporated in atatufca laws. In fche midst of this darkneBs troth ia rising again, and the old Catholic Church and faith, for which IRELAND HAS STOOD INFLEXIBLE AS A MARTYJB, with the aureola upon her head, at this day is mul tiplying fche children of faith here aad through out the vjorld. We are only in the twilight of the morning ; but we can see Jesus standing? on the shore, and there is a net in the bands of His Apostles 'let dow/i in the water. Bub whea wo are long gone to our rest who can say what ahall be fche great draught of ooula which shall be miraculously taken in England ?' Cardinal Manning was a true lover of Ireland. Tbroughoufc hid whole Epiocopafce, ali&e; in evil report or ia good report, he strenuouoly co operated wifch the friends of Ireland in promoting every measure of justice to that long oppressed country. More than once I have heard him repeat : ' It is fortunate for me that I wag not born in Ireland, for nfcherwioe I would long ago bave been fchruaf into prison bs a rebel.' But above all HE VENERATED IRELAND for the heroism of its attachment to tho faith' ' I know no country in the world (he thus wrote to the Archbishop of Armagh in 1873) moro truly Christian, nor any Catholic people thafc has retained its faith and traditions more inyiolate. Ireland remains to this day, for fourteen hundred years, as St. Patrick left it, unstained and invio late in Catholic fidelity. I know of ao other province in fche Kingdom of our Divine Master oi which thia can be said. Every other country in Europe kan had eresy and its periods of! obscuration. Gome have risen and fallen again, and have been restored once more 5 nome, after centuries of light and grace, have apostatized uttoply, and Uy dead to this day ; bur; IKELAND IS THE IRELAND 01? ST. PATRICK to the present hour. I note this, not only because t it is a great glory, ?which has been won by centuries of suffering even unto death, and Ire land may indeed be truly inscribed in the ' Calendar of the Church as both confessor and martyr, but I note it because it eeems to me to bo related to other great truths. li: England had been leGG prosperous in this world, it might havo been more faithful to the Kingdom of God. If Ireland Jibb bad an inheritance of sorrow, it has received, in the order of grace and life eternal, '.'the recompense of a great reward. In this I see Boire explanation of tre unexampled spiritual . frrtility of Ireland. 'What other raca 'Since the Apostles has to spread tbe faith on earth ? When I remember how this faith has been preserved, through what sorrows and sufferings, with what a prolonged martyrdom of generations, I must 'believe that our Divine Master has called the Irieh nation to a great mission and a great destiny. With all my heait I love Ireland for -this apostolic fidelity, for this chivalry of Catho lic fortitude and Christian Jove.' I should yet Bpeak of Cardinal Manning's Apo3tolic labours as Bishop, of the Synods which be held, of the Pastoral Letters addressed to his flock replete with true wisdom, of the new life with which he quickened the Catholic Church, throughout the length aad breadth of England. Suffice it to say that HE WAS NO HIRELING PASTOR \- but followed in the footsteps of the Good Shep ; herd of souls. la the daily routine of sacred duties he sanctified himself whilst dispensing the , blessings of sanctity to others, and thus his sacred ministry blossomed and yielded abundant fruit in tbe Housa of God. He encouraged those who walked in the paths oi perfection, he strengthened the weak, comforted the sorrowing, healed the bruised of heart. When the apostle of nations ?would console the faithful in their trials and lift tip their hearts to glorify God in their lives, be set before them the honoured roll of tbe heroes of the faith, who by their noble deeds and patient Bufferings had gone before them in the race, and won their crowns. But be more particularly de eired them to cherish the memories of those who having held spiritual authority over them had worthily finished their course and entered on their rest. Even so, the memory of the illustrious dQ° ceased will for years to conae be A BEACON LIGHT 10 THE PRIESTS AND PRELATES of hiB native land whilst they £uide their flocks in their heavenward course ; and his teaching and his work will be set before the faithful for genera tions yot unborn to enlighten their minds and to strengthen their hearts in the service o£ God. On \- the brilliant roll of the illustrious bishops who iu modern times ia England have been a pattern to . their flock8s and who for their zeal, piety, self sacrifice and pastoral care will long be held in benediction, THERE SHALL BE NO NAME MOKE CHERISHED, none to shine with brighter lusfcce than that of Henry Edward Cardinal Manning. ? ! THE LATE CARDINAL SIMEONI. HIS WORK AS PREFECT OF PROPAGANDA. At the memorial ceremonies in St. Mary's Cathe dral on Tuesday his Eminence Cardinal Moran spoke the following words : — Cardinal Simconi in his various official podtioEs in the sacred. Congregation of Propaganda was at the helm of the missionary barque, guiding tbe mi6Bionary zeal of fche Catholic world, for over a quarter- of a century. The public press which cbroniebs day by day so many events that mark the world's progress around us, gives but scanty ? notice, of such missions. And yet perhaps in the tbe world's history in modern times there is nothing mere marvellous than oho progress of Christendom as shown by the missionary harvest o£th'ose twenty- five years. Never since the days of; St. Francis Xavier have so many thousands been added to the fcld throughout the various provinces of India. The glad tidings of Redemp tion have been preacbed in Asia Minor and Persia and China even to its remotest Tartar territory, Pow probably are aware that in one of the Chinese Vieariates, in an interval of four years, three bishops have shed their blood for the faith, aud ?that in another Vicariata in the year 1881% 2i,O0O , -nitive Christians c/ith 270 native nune, 16 priests and 60 catfehists suffered martyrdom for the faith in the space of only two months. Surely the records the early Chiistiaus have nothing more glorious to show than this. In the Dominion of Canada flourishing missions have been established in its northern frozen provinces. The United States has now almost a hundred names on the bright roll of ita episcopate. All through South America the various nations have been quickened into a renewed spiritual life, and even the hitherto impenetrable Patagonia now re-echoes with the anthems of the Go?pel of Peace. In Africa, despite the many difficulties that as yet beset religion in that desolate land there are but few territories in which the stan dard oE tbe Cross ia not unfurled; and it is cheering to find that whithersoever travellers or explore a penetrate, representatives as they may be of England or Germany, of France or Belgium or the United States, all of one accord offer tbe tribute of their admiration to tbe devoted zeal of the Catholic missionaries. May I not say that in onr own Australian colonies Forae progress has been made ? It is litUe more than a quarter of & cen tury tbat throughout this continent there was but one Archbishop, with four suffragan Biehops. Now there are four Archbishops and 13 Episcopal Sees. It is during the past few years that the missions in New Guinea, and the Gilbert Islands have begun to yield their1 fruit. Throughout the islands of the South Pacific Ocean the missionaries have been unwearying in their labour of love, and their first martyr, Blessed Chanel, received the honours of the altar. The group of islands of the North-East Pacific Ocean have won new lustre through Father Paroien's beroiein of charity. And yet what was bits ministry but the daily record of a hundred other zealous niieeionarieo and devoted (deters ?who, under the sole impulse of Divine love, spend their lives in the various lopar- stricken countries iu fclra performance (-f fche like deeds of charity ? It Was the privilege of Cardinal Simeoni to be the leader of those who guided the zeal oC thfse missionary binds,, and he partaken of the merit of their victories. He has led many ecuIg to tbe saving fold. As his reward his name is written in tho Book of Life. Ho rests from his labours, and his works follow him. 