RELIGIOUS SERVICES. -Argus Cablegram. WESLEYAN CHURCH, GOLDEN SQUARE.- Harvest thanksgiving services were held in this church yesterday. The ladies of the con gregation, in honour of the occasion, deco- rated the pulpit and churoh with fruits of different descriptions, and flowers of various hues and sheaves of wheat wore intermingled in a pleasing manner. The Rev. Mr. Cunning ham preached in the morning from Zeobamh vi-, 5 and 4. The preacher interestingly dwell upon the influence the heavenly spirit had for good, and contrasted with it the impotence of all worldly greatness. In the evening the Rev, Mr. Taylor preached. The services wore well attended, notwithstanding the sultry and un pleasant weather. German Church. —Yesterday at the Ger man Church, Pastor Loypoldt preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from Ads vin., 26, 40 —“And he arose and went, and behold n man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candceco, Queen of the Ethiopians,who had charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem to worship, was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esnias the prophet,” The preacher describ ing in a lively manner the meeting of Phillip and the Ethiopian leading to great conse quences, and referring to the services ren dered by the early deacons, wished that the present officers and members of Christian churches would imitate the good example by performing similar deeds of benevolence. Prayers were offered up for the Queen of Great Britain, the Gorman Emperor and the Lutheran synod now sitting in Melbourne. CONOREOATIONAI. CfIURCH, FOREST-.STREET, —The first anniversary of the new* church was celebrated yesterday. The Rev. E. Stoggall preached in the morning from the text, “And there went with' him (Saul) a band of men whose hearts God had touched.” (Ist Samuel 10th chap., 26th verso.) The preacher wanted the members of the church to gather from the example of the godly men who desired to aid Saul, some help and blessing so that with hearts touched by God and with consecrated lives, they might sncccssfully work in the sphere to which God had called them, bringing honor and glory to God’s name by seeking to save men. In the afternoon Mr. Steggall conducted i children’s service, and preached again in the evening. Special music was given during the services by an auguraentod choir, including members of the Sandhurst Liodertafe), assisted by an orchestra of about 20 per formers. Miss, Mackay was organist, and Mr. E. Allen conducted. In the morning the music was from Whilofield’s services with the addition of a chorus for eight male voices, entitled “Vonitn.” In the afternoon music suitable for a children’s service was given. In the evening the following selections were givon, the solos bein" taken by Mesdames Allen and Johns, and Messrs. Trovascua and Mitchell:—“Blessing and Honor,” “Where withal shall a young man cleanse his way,” “Holy Night,” and “Gloria from the 12th Mass. ” The collection in the afternoon was in aid of the school picnic, to bo hold on Wednesday next. St. Paul‘s Church.— The Rev. Wnp Hancock, 8.A., preached his farewell ser mons yesterday. There was a very largo at tendance in the evening, when Mr. Hancock spoke from the closing words which Papl addressed to the Corinthian Church, —“The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all” (2 Corinthians, xiii. 14) 14th verse. “Grace be with you” and “God ho with you" said Mr. Hancock was Pauls way of saying “good-bye” to the churches. The frequent repetition of the words “good bye" a contraction of “God be with you” has lessened the force of their meaning. As it was the last occasion he would stand before them he wished them to realise the full meaning of the words. There was a trinity of ‘ great truths in the text— “ Grace,“ Love” mid “Fellowship,” and these in rotation ho expatiated upon. lip trusted that the lives of the members of the congregation would become more beauti ful and harmonious like Christ’s,, and that they would imbibe his spirit, and accept from his hands that sanctifying grace which Christ freely offered them. As the aged John said to the churches so ho (the preacher) would say, “Little children, love one another.” There was n lack of communion amongst the members. The church was' 'not, a sot of opinions, but a divine thing, a holy fellow ship and communion. Mr,' Hancock concluded an earnest sermon by urging the congregation to live Christ-like lives, to bo friendly one towards another, and to stretch out a friendly hand to any und every stronger who entered the portals ef their' church. Ho urged them to take care of the young! in their midst, and not to neglect the communion service- When absent from them he would remember them in his prayers, and ho trusted they would so remember them. Ho then commended them into the hands of God in the words of Paul’s benediction. It is expected that the Vener able Archdeacon M’Cullagh will occupy the pulpit next Sunday. St. Andrew’s Churoh.— The Rev. a. S. C. James continued his lectures on the “Re formation” last, evening in St. Andrew's Church, and completed, his-account of the life of Martin Lather. Having briefly summarised the bvohts Work* of ’ hi£< life, the preacher maintained that, ho was a man of quaint; humor; groat tenderness, sound under standing, wide learning-and-great genius, who had rendered groat services to hia country and to the .world, and whoso life--was well worthy di study. ■ A STATE SOHOoV’SdAInSAIi.—A warrant wa4 Issued at Castertoh (Western District! on Thursday,- for. the.arrest, of- a -State* B6hob| teacher, \ named' Timothy’Ryan,- for carnally If homing aiemale pupU between 13 and 1$ years of ago; a daughter of Mr. A. J. \Vcdd, J.P. ,of Ardno. It has boon ascertained that the girl will become a mother in. about a month. Ryan, who- was at Port M’Donuoll (S.A.), enjoying a fortnight’s leave on ac count of alleged 111-hoalth, /has, returned, and was soon in the district. on- Wednesday., Too girl states- ‘ that he'. iised force with her, threatening to beat her .if she told'lier father or did not'cpiuo to sdhool. The.girl’s mother died some time ago. A later report states that Ryan, who is v qbout23 years old,bos been arrested in the .vicinity of tlio.Ardno school. At noop ho was broughtbefore * Mr. ‘F. Hughes,. J.P., and charged on warrant with that it being the teacher of Ardno State school, did unlawfully and capitally assault one Edith Annie Wedd; a girl above the ago of tea ;and under the.ago oEI6, she being a pupil.” ‘On fthe applicationrpf; the' - police the ease was remanded''for dightrdays. • ■ • ” Education . in Ireland --On February 22 Mr.--W.-L. Jackson-, the Chief Secretary for Iroland. inti'oduoednn the .House of Commons a-Govbroihcal rribasUro ‘establishing a system of froo and; compulsory, education in Ireland. At first thp Catholic hierarchy in Ire* hind approved of the,bill, .but/they have suddenly; •lohaAgod’ Ihoiivkltitipie anduiavq commenced'a violent attefok upQd the pleasure. 