LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, February 5, 1892. Though " Dewdrop, the spirit adviser of Mr. W. T. Stead's private and particular medium, Mr. Davies, has been cruel enough to predict (vide 'More Ghost Stories") that Mr. Gladstone is " played out," and that "it is by no means certain the Liberals will be returned to ')xvwer ;at the [ceneral election," cheerful confidence prevails at theKeform and National liberal Clubs. If, however, you probe Radical feelings a bit a startling fact leaks out. The average honest provincial Liberal has sickened of the Irish question. Whilst the l'arnellites were a power in the land, and there Eeemed "reasonable prospect, with the Liberals returned to office, of pushing Home Balo through in a session or so, they cried "go ahead.'' Now the obvious impossibility of doing this, and the apparent endlessness of the question, appafa and dismays them. "Shall we tvergetrid of this incubus, this impediment to Scotch and English legislation, which we consider at least as pressing as Home Rale," they groan. It would not greatly surprise many Conservatives if Lord Salisbury dis solved at Easter, though public opinion favors a later period, probably September. The overwhelming majority of the compara tively unknown Gladstonian Liberal over the local territorial rragnate, who was also the late member's nominee, at Kossendale, came as a btunning surprise to all shades of politicians. The Unionist Chronicle accepts "the disaster frankly and sorrowfully as a knock iown blow,''adding grimly that Mr. Gladstone n "probably the only living )K)litieian whose genius would be equal to the task of explaining it away."'1 The T ti.it s tries to depreciate the magnitude of the triumph, but the fact that this Badical nobody absolutely polled «i,O6S votes or six more than even the all powerful Lord Hartington did in ISSS cannot be got over anyhow. The Daily Newt is frenzied with enthusiasm, and reminds the Unionists again and again that by mutual consent the election was fought on the Home Rule issue. The Conservatives ex pected to return Sir Thomas Brooks by a com fortable majority of perhaps 200, the most the Gladstonians dared to hope was that they might just squeeze Mr. Maden in. The figures ■were — G.—Mr. J. H. Maden 6,066 U.—Sir Thomas Brooks ... 4,841 Majority 1,225 From this it would seem clear that though the Roseendale men re-elected Lord Hartington when he resigned in 18S6 on leaving Sir. Glad- Etone their political convictions remained un changed. The electors simply didn't feel in clined to turn his lordship off because upon the Irish question he couldn't agree with the Grand Old Man. If he had become a Tory they might have done bo, bat I doubt whether in ISS6 or even now, much talk as there is, Boseendale electors cared much about the Irish question. Inmates of the St Stephen's Club, which is exactly opposite the Houses of Parliament, on the night of November 14 last were horrified to hear " Big Ben" go wrong. First of all, the treat clock chimed the three- quartets and the hour at the same time, and then deliberately struck 13. " Big BenV'strikine wrongly por tends, according to the popular legend, trouble to the Royal family, ana Prince George being ill at that time the St Stephen's men looked grave and perhaps a little scared. Apart from legends to hear a great timekeeper like this go wrong at midnight is apt to give a nervous man the bines. Bat Prince George grew better and the club men laughed at each other's silly superstition till the night of January 14. Then a veteran Q.C., laying down his paper in the smoking-room, re marked, "Do any of you recall what hap pened on this very date two months ago. No i Well, I will remind yon, Big Ben struck— 13." Even as the old man spoke the passing bell of St. Margaret's could be heard tolling dismally. Those who do not know the importance royalties attach to questions of precedence will be amazed to learn that the fact of the Duke of File, as son-in-law of the Prince of Wales, taking precedence at Prince Edward's funeral of the Dukes of Edinburgh and Connaught has raised a Btorm of " cackle" on the Con tinent. The German Royal family affecb to see in it a recognition of the, to them, terrible fact that only three lives (none of them very good) intervene between the consort of tbis indifferently pedigreed Scotch noble and the 'Fngiiati throne. A carious'character died last week. Tbis was the venerable "Daddy" Werthedmer, grandfiire of Iddor, Lady Clancarty's cham pion, and founder of the great Bond-street tirm of picture and bric-a-brac dealers. " Daddy" was a Polish Jew, and originally, co the legend runs, begged his way to England, arriving bareheaded, barefooted, and with empty pockets and stomach. He had neither trade nor education, but he possessed his race's eye for value and capacity for bargaining. " Daddy" started at the East-End making imitation brass work, and in a short time became known as the man who could reproduce certain sorts of rare old corks so perfectly that even experts often mistook them far the real thing. This peculiar trade brought Wertheimer money. He gradually dropped dealing solely in bastard caries and went in for buying and selling genuine bric-a-brac How the old fellow acquired his wonderful knowledge no one knows, bat the man or woman who could best him at a bargain never existed. Attired like a seedy bag man, Sol. Wertheimer driftedhitherand thither, apparently aimlessly, but always with some good deal in his watchful eye. Though the old Jew would never spend sixpence on himself, bis family and belongings cost him thousands. For the scapegrace Isidor "Daddy" *""* what he called "a melancholic veakness." More than once did be pull "the poy" out of the mire, and small thanks did he got for his generosity. Occasionally the old fellow allowed himself the relaxation of an evening at some theatre, going, it is needless to say, with an order. One night Isidor was " swelling it" at the Trocadero with Lord Dunlo and some other smart Pelicans, when he became painfully conscious of the advent of a frowsy old Hebrew in a greasy skull cap, rag-bag clothes, and steel spectacles. It was his grand eire—and making etraightfor their party. A malicious smile played on the old man's lips. He evidently meant to "give him away" (Master Isidor) to the whole house. Not a bit of it. Having placidly enjoyed his grandson's misery for a moment or two Wertheimer quietly moved off, and presently disappeared into the buffet. The ffawk retells a well known ;Etory which bidor Wertheimer was fond of narrating against liiny^lf. To propitiate Old JSoL, and also render him more presentable out walking, the grandson three winters ago bought him a hun dred guinea fur coat. "Daddy" shook his head over the extravagance till informed the coat had been picked up a bargain for £40, when he was much pleased and expressed the opinion that there was something in the boy alter aIL Airing himself in Bond- street that afternoon " Daddy" met another old Jew, who, astounded ab his friend's magnificenc?, started feeling and pricing the coat. "You at hun dred guineas for that coat?' "No I did'nt!" said the old man, proud of his grandson's bar gain. " Well ifs worth that new," retorted bis friend. The pair fell to bargaining in tho street and in the end " Daddy" returned home minus the coat, but plus £60. " Isidor, my P?y.~ said he, "there's £20 for you- I sold the coat you ga\je me for £60, and there's the profit, to encourage you to take an interest) in business and always keep your eye open for a bargain." Isidor took the £20 with a groan, for he was quite enough of a Jew to squirm over die catastrophe, but he never enlightened "Daddy." Said he—"The old man would have mad a fit on the spot." Whilst the Queen and Royal Family incline towards resuscitating an old title for Prince George, Lord Salisbury and popular feeling favor an entirely new creation. " Duke of Australia" has been suggested by an influential colonist who was taken with the idea, and wrote to Sir Henry Ponsonby about it Lord Baheboryproposes "DukeotLondon;"Prince George nimaAif would like to be "Duke of Lancaster;" whilst her Majesty's mind reverts to "Duke of Kent." The shareholders of the Automatic Sweet meat Delivery Company are bewailing a sad falling off in the receipts of the machines for the past week, and the decrease is "all along of" the influenza. A rival concern, which in vites you to put a penny in the slot and have a Email quantity of scent squirted on your handkerchief, is doing roaring trade, and for the same reason. The explanation is simple. The Automatic Smell Company have taken advantage of the widely-propagated fiction that eucalyptus oil is a certain specific against the fiend, and for a penny you can have your handkerchief impregnated with, a contempo rary says, "an odor as of rancid hair oil which nothing but the incineration of the rag will ever get rid of." The same authority says— " Judging from our own experience ever since an enthusiastic believer in eucalyptus was allowed to open a bottle of it in our office, we should have imagined that any sensible man would have preferred influenza to that acrid odor, bnt the amount of automatic badness done in it at a penny a time negatives thi3 idea. The number of pennies for the receptive slot being limited the consumption of sweets is going down and that of eucalyptus is going up. But the directors of the Smell Company ebould beware. It is not possible for the average human being to travel in a same compartment for a long distance with the hand kerchief saturated with eucalyptus, and when j the railways find their traffics falling off they j will certainly have something to say about the presence of .these infernal machines in their (stations." Sir Charles Dilke has found an advocate in Mr. Harold Frederic, who " slangs" Mr. W. T. Stead in the New York Times with an excess of superlatives wd an exuberance of wild charges which, sad to say, defeat their own end. The "good nsaff' of Norfolk Boubs '? *9r tfef> least djsftffred by I the outbreak. He reprints it. ell in the JUvitw ofEizicws, adding a brief footnoteto the effect that even if Mr. Stead were, as alleged, the devil incarnate, it woiildbenosrfpiaient for whitewashing Sir C. Dilke and returning him to the House of Commons. Mr. Frederic was asked the other day to write a reply to Mr. Stead's article in the Welsh Ucvuw on Dilke's candidature. He assented. "What about terms V asked the editor. " I will take the same as Stead," said the American correspon dent with dignity. " That will suit as admir ably/ chadded Mr. Bon-en Rowlands, "Stead wanted nothing for his copy and ordered 200 copies of the magazine to distribute in the Forest of Dean. Thanks so much ; good morning;" Sir. Frederic was left swearing. Mrs. Humphrey Ward's '' History of D.vvid Grieve" bears no more..iffiaity to "Robert Etemere" than it does to " Miss Bretherton." The book indeed which it most resembles is "John Halifax, Gentleman," only to be frank David Grieve is worth a dozen of Miss Moloch's respectable bat bourgeois hero. Mrs. Ward tells the story of a brother snd sister, children of a capable energetic north country tradesman and a vain, shrewd, pleasure-'oving, and more than half-vicious French beauty. After six years of unhappy married life, daring which Mrs. Grieve all oat ruins her husband, the deserts him and her children for a lover, ultimately committing suicide. Sandy Grieve dies of a broken heart, bat first commends his children solemnly to the care of his farmer brother Reuben. The later, a timorous, superstitious, but well-mean ing man, under the thumb of a hard miserly wife pledges himself to be good to the children. He reckons, however, without their Aunt Hantish. Davy, tending sheep on the breezy nioors of the Mid-England farm, and absorbed in books which the local clergyman and a mad dominie lend him, is not unhappy. The plain, often scanty food troubles the boy little; but between self-willed, impish, and passionate Louie, and iron-hearted Aunt Waning there is continuous war. Davy sagely opines they both actually like an occasional storm; it forms some excitement. At 14 Davy runs away from home and begins life on his own account as a bookseller's assistant in Man chester. He works early and late learning the secondhand book trade, lives on Cd. a day as a vegetarian, attends classes, and saves money, and is consumed with ambition. At 19 young Grieve bas saved enough to start a secondhand stall of his own. The account of the lad's initial struggles and pleasures, in fact the whole of this "youth" section will be found intensely interesting. David Grieve astonishes and de lights everybody. His energy, his thirst for knowledge, his self-restraint, and his self-re liance are boundless. Religious beliefs he has none, but he does right—for right's sake —at no matter what cost to himself. Consequently when business begins to prosper David sends for his sister Louie to live with him. The girl has grown up picturesquely handsome, but re mains passionate, self-willed as ever, a demon of discord and vanity. She manages to do some mischief in the heart- breaking line before the great crisis of David Grieves life arrives, and brother and sister go on a fortnight's visit to Paris. "Storm and Stress" relates how David Grieve whilst in Paris fails passionately in love with a little Bohemian artist, Elise Delaunay. The girl is wrapt up in her art, and really cares for nothing else, bat David is superbly handsome, and the very strength and heat of the lava-like passion she has roused overpowers her feelings and saps what little morale 6he possesses. David whirls Elise away to Fontainbleau flaming with erratic adoration. For a few daya the flligitimate honeymoon of the pair at the little hotel in the forest proves unalloyed bliss. Then Elise grows captions, uncertain, unhappy. She cares more for her mistress art than for 50 Davids. Whilst thinking tbis Taranne. the great man in whose studio Elise was, chances on the little Bohemian alone. He only laments her falling away. Art will brook no rivals and well —the Delaunay might have been great. This is more than enough. Hardly troubling to break the blow the girl flies from her lover, refusing to see him again. The suddenness and horror of the desertion nearly kill David. He returns to Paris to find Louie has taken advantage of his neglect to become the mistress of a rascally sculptor named Mountjoie.. Grieve strips himself of every penny he possesses to induce the wretch to marry the unhappy girl. After a terrible illness, Davy, nursed by a devoted friend, comes slowly back to himself and begins work afresh in Manchester. The Poria catastrophe for a time threatens to destroy the nobility of his character, but his natural virility and friendly influences triumph. " Maturity" is perhaps the most important and interesting portion of all of this great book. Ie describes David's married life, and forms a novel of itself. To go into detail would spoil the readers pleasure. The modification of David's religions beliefs through various causes and influences is exceedingly ably described. One can follow and recognise the troth of the phases. Besides David and Louie there are many other interesting characters developed in the course of the story which will please the average reader far more than " Robert Elemere." It is satisfactory to find all the leading reviewers confirm the judgment I dared to form on "David Grieve," "It has," says Andrew Lang, "more movement, more passion, more dramatic interest than Mrs. Ward's first effort.'" The Times likens the chapters dealing with "Childhood? to "Wuthering Heights/ 4 and pronounces this the most impressive part of the story. I confess I rather agree with Mr. Scott, of the Manchester Guardian, who Bays of "David Grieve," "Its obvious defects are the lengthnesse* of its first volume, its debateable ground is that swept by the ' Storm and Stress' of the central portion, its crowning beauty is the tranquil strength and solemn calm of the dose." Sir John Lubbock's new book on that oldest of old subjects "The Beauties of Nature," will contain chapters on animals," plants, woods, fields, mountains, rivers, die sea, and die heavens. "It will look at nature," says the Bookman, "mainly from the point of view of beauty, bat as might be expected, science is not excluded altogether." MacmiHans publish the work. The original of Stevenson's " Bottle Imp" win be found in one of the handy little volumes of " Weird Tales" published by Walter Scott two or threeyears ago. There are six volumes altogether, TWliah, Scotch, Irish, American, German, and Italian. The collections have been jodiciously made and fa-mrmU*.^ and the clear print and small size of tie books renders them admirably suited for carrying about in the pocket for perusal in chance moments. "The Bottle Imp" is from an old German legend. In the way of cheap fiction the West-End month ''Some Emotions and a Moral," "John Sherman and DhoyaJ 1 and the new edition of "A Daughter of Heth" sold best. Kegan Paul's new modem science series of handbooks, edited by Lubbock, which commenced with B?U8 "Ice Age," caught on, and Sosebery's .i£i J? *?^ tevafS eagerly bought. Q.s islue Pavilions did not equal the expecta tions of the trade, many of whom have more copies on hand than they care about; and the reprint of Lang's "Letters to Dead Authors" (at 2s. 6d. nett) bangs fire also. Canon Dengers "Tennyson for the Young" (both in the 3s. 6d? and 1& form) bas bad and i& having an enormous sale. The only six shilling novel in any request is Anstey's "Talking Horse." At Mudie's Mrs. Ward's "David Grieve" occurs in almost! every list sent in. Next in order of demand come A.K.H.B/8 "Twenty five Years of St Andrews," Mrs. Peard's "The Baroness," and Hardy's "Jessof dTTr bevflle'a." The Duke of Clarence's death caused a brief renewed demand for the "Cruise of the Bacchante," but this great heavy book is co trite and dnll no one does more than glance at it. Mention of poor Prince Eddie reminds me that the character study of H.R.H. in the JV^-KcnctcisbyCanonDalton. Of all people this rev. gentleman ought to be able to tell ns something fresh and interesting concerning tile Prince, but he seems frightened of trench ing on unbroken ground, and merely repeats, garnished with a few trite reflections, facts and circumstances already well within the public cognisance. Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Spencer Wilkin son, author of "Citizen Soldiers," have just completed a volume on " Imperial Defence," which is sure to attract a lot of attention. Their main purpose has been to define what they regard as the narrowest limits of our practical needs for «fflrapi>t f defence in the event of British interests being attacked. Mr. Rudyard Kipling's outrt ballad " Tom linson," which appeared in the National Observer of f January 23, was at first refused by Mr. Henley as too strong even for bis independent and free-speaking organ. It describes the post mortem experiences of an invertebrate person named Tomlinson, who has on earth been absolutely without individuality, a pale reflex of virtues and vices of others. When St. Peter requests him to qualify for heaven by naming his good deeds, he cannot do so, but 'O Have a friend on earth,' quoth be, "Oat, wa «?y priest and guide. 41111 *«? he woold answer lor nt it he were by my But this won't do, St. Peter says: Though we called toot friend from his bed this night Be could not epeak for you, \- For the race is run by one and one and never by two and two. Ultimately Tomlinson has to descend to Hades. Here, however, he's in worse plight, for be can't satisfy the Devil with a fall-bodied appetising sin :— The wind that Hotra between tie vroiids, it made him shudder and grin. And be groped himself like a thing diEtnught for the umppiett shred of sin. Finally the Devil sends Tomlinson back to earth:— t Go .back to forth with a lip ncsealed, go task with an open eje, And carry my word to the Sons of Ken or trerys tome to dJe— * That the do they do by two and two they most pay for one by one; J Acd . . . tfce Cod je took from ? prinwd l*ek be witb yea, Ttwltasen. Very few new books were in any case an nounced for the spring publishing season, and now there will be fewer still. All authors who can afford to do so are sure to hold over their worlit to the autumn. You would naturally suppose people bought more books when they were in mourning, a« so many families are now. But the shops say such is not the case. Grief-stricken folks apparently don't bay any thing. If they're well off they go—abroad. The Anti-Jacobin dies unlamented, save by a very limited coterie. The truth is Mr. Greenwood has for some time ceased to be the excellent editor he once was. In the early days of the SL Ja.,us's he cultivated rising talent, in fact looked out for it J. M. Barrie was of course bis most remarkable find, and Henley and nearly all the other men now attached to the National Observer at one time or another wrote for him. Lack of good fortune has latterly turned Greenwood into a sour cynic, and im paired his critical faculty. He surveys the coloEeal popular success achieved by Stead with withering contempt and wonder. The world must indeed be rotten and. men mad that each things, can be the able editor says to himself. He consequently preaches the gospel of pessimism, and pessimism is deadly dull—lt killed the Anti- Jatt&tin.; From a literary point of view "The Cabinet Minister," just added to the new edition of Pinero's plays, won't compare with " The Profligate* or "The Times." It reads so ranch more farcical than one can remember its playing at the Courts that I feel sure Mrs. \Vood must have toned down many of the tt.ene, especially those in act 4, a good bit. "Forgiveness," though a much better play than "Lord Anerley, :> and one that in some years would have run six months, has not caught on at the St James's, and its career there trill end to-morrow. The weak feature of the new Savoy opera, "The Vicar of Bray," is the music, and the strong point a wonderful pas de cinq danced in the second act, and thrice encored nightly. The libretto without being brilliant would suffice if the lyrics were neater. Its story is simple. The Rev. Mr. Barlow, vicar of Bray, is an easy-going parson, alternately High or Low as bis worldly interests dictate. He has an amorous eye for Mrs. Alerton, a rich widow and the mother of his old pupil Tommy, now a rollicking young squire. Tommy loves the parson's daughter, but she, alas, squanders her young heart en Harry Sandford, a priggish Low Church curate, who lectures the vicar in rolling sentences, and is a terrible thorn in that go-sus-yon-please personage's side. To spite and shock Sandford the vicar turns very High Church, and likewise flirts outrageously with Nelly Bly, a ballet dancer, who accompanied by attendant sylphs incontinently arrives on the scene. Sandford, horrified, as Barlow an ticipated, breaks off his engagement, and the act ends with the curate's departure to become a missionary. In act two Miss Barlow is just about to wed Tommy Merton, but etill hankers after poor Harry, who has been cooked and eaten by Objibbeways. The vicar is in a nice mess, being sued for breach of promise by both Mrs. Merton and Nelly Bly. Things are getting very sultry for the old fellow, when his ex-curate, transformed into a "rollicking rip," reappears and promises to set matters straights. This Harry does by claiming his old sweet heart from Tommy and bestowing the young equire's virgin heart on Nelly Bly. The vicar is then free to recapture Mrs. Merton and everyone is pleased but the comic solicitor, Bolton Howe, a part interpolated for V. H. Denny. " The Vi car of Bray" could not pos sibly be 'better played. The title role fits Rutland Barrington like a glove and Bosina Brandam makes an adnurable Mrs. Merton. The part of Nelly Bly, destined for Jessie Bond, is well acted by a M?«q Duggan, and Courtdee Founds sings sweetly as the priggish curate. Mr. Thomas Thome, whose luck tbis last twelvemonth or more at the Vaudeville has been of the most crushing description, is about to retire from management. Messrs. Gatti have purchased the remainder of his lease, and announce that they are open to sublet the house to an eligible tenant. The Vaudeville was opened in April, 1870, by Montague, James, &, Thome. Montague re tired at the end of the successful run of " Two Boses/'and David James in 1881. Thorne purchased his goodwill for £4,500. After the phenomenal success of " Our Boys" the Vaude ville did extraordinarily well with old English comedies, "The School for Scandal," "Road to fiuin," and "Money" enjoying long runs there. Latterly Mr. Buchanans adaptations of "Tom Jones" and "Clarissa" were moderately successful, but after the building of Terry's Theatre the wonderful luck of the Vaudeville seemed to cross the road. I have not seen the Haymarket "Hamlet" yet, but as the critics are of one mind that itis most interesting I suppose I shall have to go. Mr. Tree's] fresh readings are numerous, the most sensible being the obvious "every dog shall have his las," instead of "eveiy dog ehall have his day. Despite Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's glowing announcements concerning "crowded houses and " better business than ' The Middleman,' " ''The Crusaders," is off at the Avenue. In the face of an unlucky nrst night and the semi-disapproval of die entire press the piece has lasted out 60 performanc-ee, half of them to good business. Whether Mr. Jones will make much out of the ran, I doubt. His salary list was too Urge. If he has paid expenses he shonld, all things considered, be satisfied. "The Grey Mare/ by Messrs. Sims and Cecil Raleigh, was produced at the Comedy with «rery symptom of success. The hero, enacted by Cnarlie Hawtrey, is a Dr. John Maxwell, a scrupulously truthful man, who in order to convince "the grey mare" (Mrs. M.) that .lying is prepos terously and absurdly easy deliberately determines to tell one " thumper." Needless to cay, this solitary indiscretion leads the poor man into an imbroglio of the approved sort, in which Lottie Venne, Mr. Brookfield, and others slightly vary old roles. One has seen scores such pieces. Charles Arnold is doing fair business at the Strand Theatre with " Hans the Boatman," in which Alice Atherton as Jeffie and a small child named May Hannan render him yeoman's assistance. The piece has been considerably tinkered since it went round the Australias and the songs changed, not always with advan tage, but the baby and the big dog remain, and Arnold fowwtu^fj if scarcely so slim and spon* taneously light- hearted as of yore, is still the most sympathetic artist of the Emmet school ontheetege. Mr. DOyly Carte cannot bring himself even now to believe in the failure of "The Basoche," and talks of reviving it in the summer unless a pending scheme for turning the splendid new house in Cambridge Circus into a rival of the Empire and Alhambra goes through. The burlesque of "Cinder-Elian" at the Gaiety has been freely cut and compressed into two acts, with the result that it now seems likely to work up into a genuine success. Mr. Soutar and other old employes at this theatre were much concerned to read of poor Tom Squire's death in Melbourne. It was hoped the sea voyage might do him good, but scarcely expected. He had allowed the disease to go too far without taking remedial measures. The death is announced at the ripe old age of 30 of the famoo? thoroughbred Doocaster, uire of Bend Or and many other good winners. Doncaster was the hero of the sensational Derby of 1873. A very small field went to the post that year, the race being considered a certainty for either Mr. Sarnie's Kaiser or Mr. Crawford's Gang forward. Mr. Merry's Doncaster was a rank outsider at 40 to 1, only a select few being aware that the son of Stook well was nearly the same atiimftl as the Oaks favorite (and ultimate winner), Marie Stuart. Fred Webb rode and won easily by a length and a half, the favorites running a dead heat for second place. In [the Le^er Kaiser again started favorite, but both Marie Stuart and Doncaster beat him, the latter succumbing to die Oaks victress by half a length. In 1874, when Boiard beat the grandest field which ever contested the Gold Cup at Ascot, Don caster ran third, Gang Forward, Kaiser, and Marie Stuart being behind him, whilst Flageolet was second. Doncaster won. the Goodwood Cup of 74, and next year with odds on him beat good fields in both Ascot Cup and Alexandra Plate. Mr. Merry then sold him to?obert Peck for £10,000, the latter passing him on to the Duke of Westminster for £14,000. This was in 1875. Nine years later, when Bend Or was making a name at the stud, his grace let the Hungarians have the old horse for £6,000. Since then Doncaster has lived at ease at Kisher. The duke was thought daft -when be gave £14,000 for StockweU'a son, bat Bend Or and the hitter's son Ormonde repaid him that sum many times over over. 