FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. ^ The devil is a subject usually monopolised by the Church, and he is painted in very black colors. He is supposed to travel around like a roaring lion, and frighten people, and he used not long ago to wear horns and a tail. This is the sort of devil that men see when they have been drinking too much of the red, red rum : otherwise he doesn't exist. George Rignold's Old Nick is on the whole a pleasing sort of fellow. He is costumed strikingly, and though he does limp, as the result of his fall to the Plutonian regions, he is not all through a baleful being who greedily gloats over immoral ghosts. He is witty and sarcastic, and only at the last does he come out in his real capacity as head stoker of Hades. Adelaide playgoers should be grate ful to Mr. Rignold for the version of " Faust" now being played at the Theatre Royal. It is one of the most perfect stage productions ever wit nessed in this city. Realism could no further go. The scene painter, aided by the electrician, has effected a triumph. The incidental music, which is bright or gloomy, as the exigencies of the piece demand, is excellently rendered. As MepliistophelesMr. Rignold gives us unquestionably his finest impersona tion. Physically, he is all that could be desired for the part, and his voice is well calculated to represent the Arch Fiend. In his lighter moments he is sardonically humorous (not a burlesque actor, as one critic has it), and in the hour when Faust in plead ing for the life of Marguerite recalls the contract, he is majestic in his fiendish joy. Were it not for the variations of light and shade so skilfully intro duced, " Faust" would be a most depressing play. Mr. Rignold, a master of stagecraft, knew this, and thus his Mephisto is not a being eternally breathing fire and smoke; he can jest with his victims, conscious of their ultimate surrender. If this is mere burlesque then the term has been altered of late years. In a word, Mr. Rignold's devil is an artistic conception consistently carried out. His limp may be an exaggera tion, but it must be maintained to keep up the quaint conceit of which it is the subject. Miss Bessie Rignold as Marguerite did surprisingly well. The role is a trying one, and Miss Rignold has not yet had that experience of the stage which enables difficulties to be easily surmounted. That will come in time. Her present effort gives abundant promise for the future, and a young artist who acquits herself so creditably _in so trying a character deserves all possible encouragement. First of all she made a pretty stage picture, and her pleasing well-trained voice was heard with most sympathetic effect in " A King of Thule." There was perhaps a something lacking, an indication of the subtle growth of love, in the garden scene, but later on, particularly in the last act, Miss Rignold rose to the occasion, and manifested the possession of power which only requires to be developed. Mr. H. R. Jewett as Faust redivivus was excellently cast. He was the ardent picturesque lover and the remorseful man such as all playgoers would depict him, and than this nothing need be said. Mr. Stirling Whyte as the philosopher Faust delivered his lines with just that force required of him. Miss Bessie Yivian as Martha was responsible for much of the comedy element of the drama, and Miss Frances Hastings completely disguised herself as Dame Erckhardt. Mr. G. P. Carey was very mirth provoking as a bibulous student, Mr. J. W. Hazlitt was vigorous and manly as Yalentine, and Mr. Cecil Forde deserves an honorable mention for his capable representation of Siebel. Not to see " Faust" is to miss an unmistakable dramatic treat. Even the Governor is going to-morrow night, •c and when once Society has been interested in the devil, there will not be seating capacity enough in the dress circle for its votaries. The rest—Quiz was almost going to write the intel lectual part—of the house has already been well patronised. Mr. William Rignold arrived on Thursday morning. His first appear ance will be in "Nowadays," in which he has scored a great success. Mr. Lingard is sparing no pains to make Tier's Polytechnic popular. He is catering for the intelligent portion of the community, and his sagacity is justly rewarded by large attendances. As though the attractions were not sufficiently numerous, there will shortly be added a pantascope of Mark Twain's " Innocents Abroad," a novelty which is sure to find favor with the many admirers of the great American humorist. The representation of the Windsor Tragedy will soon be removed. * * * The members of the Adelaide Liedertafel celebrated their thirty fifth anniversary on Tuesday evening, when the' Town Hall was filled by an enthusiastic audience. Each suc cessive concert by the Liedertafel shows an improvement, and one of these days the sweet singers will well nigh reach perfection. * * * The concert given by the pupils of Herr Heuzenroeder on Friday evening was chiefly notable for the debut of a young Adelaide journalist, who pro mises to have a tenor voice of splendid quality, and the brilliant pianoforte playing of the daughter of a prominent politician. The Cyclorama of Jerusalem is maintaining a steady business. Over 100,000 persons have paid to see- the beautiful picture since it was first exhibited, and there appears to be no diminution of public interest. Mr. Lockley's well delivered lectures are a special attraction. * * # The Gaiety Combination at Garner's Rooms have had their full share of the patronage of the public, and appear to be thoroughly established. A change of programme is announced for to morrow evening, when the burlesque of "Aladdin" will be staged. This will afford members of the company an opportunity of appearing in various specialities. There will doubtless be a big attendance. s> * * * Messrs. Bateman and O'Grady have been in the city during the week, and will open with their company in " Current Cash" at the Broken Hill Theatre on Saturday, May 21. * The promoters of the popular concerts may be congratulated upon the success of the start made in this season's series on Saturday night last. Adelaide people evidently like any thing cheap and good. They will get some more of that sort of thing on Saturday evening next, when Mrs. Palmer and all the best local talent will warble, whilst Herr Heinecke will fiddle. Mr Howells is arranging for a number of leading artists to appear at future concerts, including Misses Ada Crossley and Lalla Miranda, Mel bourne favorites, besides Amies Beaumont and Signor De Beaupuis, the eminent pianist. Season tickets ought to be a good investment. & .U O' V ^ Fred Stanmaur writes from Glas gow, where David Christie Murray's play, "Ned's Chum," was being produced with fair success. Murray himself was acting, and little Leo Byrne, who must be 13 years of age now, had made himself a general favorite. Stanmaur has been the recipient of good notices. h* When Dampier was producing " Wilful Murder" he used to ad vertise that strong men and women fainted owing to the realism of the various scenes, and he advised only people with tough nerves to attend. George Rignold ought to make use of Monday night's gallery incident, when some female was seized with an hysterical fit as Mephistopheles made his steamy appearance. 