OIL. !,:y Sister Gzinuev're. I;1 Tn:rLn. ++- ~c-- Y,:: .y you are surprised my sister Guine .re r.ver :wrcried ; that, beautifuil as h.: is i ian now in the fided pa,:lur of her iorty years, .lc ust ushave been supreme in her early youth; i..d that i:er grand nmnner alone would seem t? have iarked her out a grand alliance-one rchosent from among the many of the highest in th- land ,,fiered to he'r. . And you are too well lred to add what I see you feel that you are just it much surprised to find me, who am a mtre lohody compared to my sister-sislall and d:uk ::nd lhy even yet. for all omy four big uoys, while she is tall and fair and regal-here at th hadrl of this princely establislhment. and the wife of a ,aman like my husband, for whom (iuinevere scenes to be in every way fitted more than myself. Well, it is strange, I admit. But shall I tell you ty sistet's atory? It is not quite one if evcey day life, though there is nothing out rageously sensational in it. Still, it mayin terest you as ii study of circumstance and character ; and, at all events, it is true. We were anways what you see us non -the queaen and her subject, the adoreld and her adorer, a mistress and her slave. Guinevere, rire years older than I, was, as long as I can remember, like some kind of a superior being whom it was mny duty as well as my joy to worship and obey. Her beant2 was always phenomenal to me, more especially as I had none. No, do not say " Oh l" in that de precating way. It is very unkind of you to wish to spare mr self-love, and put me on good terms with myself ; but I hale heard the troth too often. As a child I distressed my mother many times to tears, when she was low-spirited, be. cause shea s mid I was so like a little Aztec or l:o:rur of that kind ; anid as a girl she often de clined to take te into society, because I was s-uch a contrast toGuinevere that, she said, she wa;l ashamed of me. But my htni ba;nd and my boys are satisfied with me, and that is everything. And, indeed, only yesterday my husband said to moe laugih ing: - ' I declare, Rachel, you are gatting, quite Irctty in your old ageo!" S, lperhaps I am Crowing less plain. Women E?n:tin:ies do as they gertolder. You do not :mind toy tellinig you this nonsense ? It is only lor fun, not vanity. But if I was thie Aztec of tie family, Guinc. yere wts the flower-our crown imperial. our stately lily, our royal queen, our hope, our love, our enchantment. There were no r.rothers, and she was the heir. We were not made joint heiresses; hut Guinevero, as was only fitting, was made solo heiress, and 1 had a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to me, I told him how glad I was, as Guinevere was born for wealth and position, and I was not ; and it was only right that she should keen the family name when she mtarried, and lu the representative of the house as if she had been a son. She was the superior and my queen. "Then you are not jealous-not disappointed little Rachdl You do not think I have done wrong by you ?" my dear father said, drawing Ime nearer to him. - I thiouaht he looked a little anxiously into my face, as if hie were troubled and wanted re assuring. Dear, dear father! I have often th!oueht since that he was not quite sure of the rightneis of his decision; Bit it was right, quite right. "'Jealous of Guinevere? sorry that you i:ave made her the head of the family ? No, father, darling,"I said; "how should Ibe? ou:1 have done only what is right and wise, :!nd I amu glad and grateful-very glad that Guinevero is to be alirays t-he nuperior, and very grateful that -you have thioiught i: worth while to speak to me about it at And here I kissed him, and strokcddown his (,car bushy beard as -I used when a little one ; but he held me to hin very, very close. and iissed me back again with something so sweet and almost sorrowful in his manner-and somc tihinz almost like tears in his eves. ' I hope 1 have done right,' he said, softly ; " but i: seems cruel and unjust," he added, as if speaking to himself. Mother, however, saw the thiitgs as I did, and rpoke to him rather sharply. •' Nonsense, Jerome !" she said in her quick way. ' How could such a girl as Rachlel carry off the dignity of her position or bear the weight of heirs.hip It would be ridiculous to make her equal with Guinevere. She has neither manner nor beauty, neitler dignity nor style, and no.chance of ever getting either. Guine vere is of course the head of the house; and must represent the family whien we have gone. Iow could it be otherwiso? Rachel is out of the question. " Ah, well,' I suppose it must be so; and little Rachel does not mind,!' said my father. "Of coursa not; she knows better;" returned my mother, always a little sharply atsd as if she were displeased. I fancy they had had a long discussion on the matter, and that she had at last persuaded my father against his original intention of leaving us joint heiresses. "I trust she has too much good feeling, and too much sense of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement so manifestly proper, so evidently marked out by Providence," she added impressively; andI said: "I hope so, too, mother," to confirm her and cheer up my fathler. . I was almost sixteen when this wastold i me. Guinevere was just twenty-one. At sixteen a girl is rarely very solicitous about money or the future; anlI did not care for eithei one or the other. BIut if IhadI should have been re. joiccd all the satme that my sister should receive by my fathler's will what she deserved by riflth of natu:ral inheritance, and that .ishe shomildbo made the head of thelc house by law as she was our queen by love. Beautiful as she was, the heiress of such a fine estate as the Knuol, and with whatt my mother prized quite as mnuchs as her beauty which I had once heard called the "main factor in the sum of ihdr charms "--hlcr perfect style you may be sure tlat lovers were not wanting to Guinevere. She had as many as Portia, and shte was aos difficult to please as her pritotype. She took Sexception to every one, and made insuparable obstacles out of the most trivial matters.. A man's name, the colour of his hair and the way in which he wore it, his voice, his hands, li, favorite flowers, his manners, even his sisters hisvery scarlpin and rings-anything was re: son enough why shie should reject him; till really it seemed as if she had vowed herself to celibacy altogether and did not intend to marry asy ose. iy mother used toget quite vexed with her ; for some of the offrers were of a kind whlich did honeoreven to such a queen amongst women as Guoinevere; and, as mother said, these god chances do not cdmo too often in any girl's life. But Guinevere stood her ground like some stately flower which shuts it.elf up it it has been so muchi as looked at; always with the same cold regal bearing thalnt she hais still ;turn ing all meni's heads ant:i winlning all men's hearte, but never loiig hler own, and iinakiig the disappointed world omore desperate us her .c?idness grcw more confirmed. For whom or whlat wras sko waiting? tMy mother used to as" her that questiovn twenty times a week, but Guinevere always ansuwered the samne thin. : "For Prince Charmin."" Which was all very well, as mother said, bit shemight have found him before nowin the crowd of suitors who had made her the offer Of thuis hands and hearts, and rent rolls and QItateI One day ihe seemed to have come. At least we all thought aso, and it seemed imnossible biet that Guinevere should not thiink so too. Our' neighbour, 31oIrse Herbert, cime home. He had been a long time abroad-ever since his, father's death--but at last he c;ame back and prepared to live at his beautiful plhtne. Every one was very clad, for an empty itouse iike Wilmington Hall makes a great ditfirence in a small so:iety like ours ; and then Mr. HIerbert himself .was popular, and people twre plcased to see hlimt again; 1Ho is hiandsote nlow, but in t!hese days twenty years ago, he was simply tuagui fcunt. He was as handsome for a man as Guinueror was for a woman. And that was saying oeverythin?i. When they stood side by side together it was,. really grand to seeoo them. --Tbhey looked. likle' someothing one had seen in a dreamin or a picture-som3thing ideal: and beyond one's ordinary experience. It was evidently the match for Guinevere. Hlo was rich, of right age, handsome, in every way desirablu; and although his father belonged to the newly rich, Morse himself was, as you know, him,. something more than an every-day gentleman. He was a B.ayard. Soon the neighbourhood settled it all to its own satisfactton.and gave these two to each other, according to the law of manifest fitness and destiny as they said. And soon, of course, he fell in love with her. Who could help it ? They all did. Besides, these two were litted to each other. No; do not shake your head. They. were in those days; if only she could have seen it, and made herself soft and plastic I It seemed as if nature had betrothed them, and some malign influtnce interfered to prevent the thing from going right. For in spite of all. Morse herbert's handsome looks and fine estate, in spite of all his noble nature and fer vent love, Guinevere would have nothing to say to him. When he toad, the inevitable offer she refused hi:m, just as she had refused others; and all that could be got out of her, when my father- and mother remonstrated with her was, "He is all very well, but he is not Prince Charming." I remember my father turning away in a rage when sIte said this in her quiet, sarcastic way. lie was so seldom angry. dear, good, father, that it made a. great impression on me. . - "The girl is crazed with vanity," I heard him say in a low voice. "Sithe does nuot know what she wants, and sumd day she will make a tre mandous mistake, and then she will come to her senses when it is too late. Tiat will be her punishment." I was staidisig near him at the time when he said this-so near that he knew that I must have heard him. It wont to 'my heart to thear him' blame Guinevere. To. me she was so grand and beautiful-so free fromnt fault- and so was he. I could not bear to- see the smallest misunder standing between them, so I took his hand and kissed it. and said to himn lovingly, "You wrould not have herumarry him if she does not love him, dearest father, would you 2 That would not be right." "No, my Rachel," he answered kindly. " Bet it argues some kind of moral perversity that sh does not love him. No one else in the field and she ought to love him.. If she were a good girl she would." i"No, no, there is nothing morally wrong about Guineverel" I said. "Sithe is fastidious, if you like, and seems unable to be won by any man, but she is good and true and noble, and she is not .to.-be blaimed becausb:sho will not marry even such a man as ?iorse'Herbert if sle does not really lovehim." . " I remember noww lon my dear fatlher looked at me when I said this ; and how he drew me near to him, and , said with his, sweet smile, " I ought to be a proud father! . I have a queen for one daughter, and an angel for another ! If that does not content a man, what should ?" But really. though it made me divinely happy to hbe praised by him, I did' not see why he should call mue an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always. been .like some kind of .goodness or superior being to me! This matter of Morse Herbert's,- however. did not rest here, for that evening my father and mother had a long talk with Guinevere, to which I .was not admitted, but which ended by, Guinovero consenting to something unpleasant. For she satd to me' at night, wtriln I went to read her to sleep, as I always did,- •' You are very happy, little Rachel. not.to be the eldest of the family, and the grand matri= menial investment. Heirship and lueenship, though all very well, have at times their dis advantages ; .and it may be better-to be a humble little daisy than a crown' imperial hly, as you sometimes call-me!" She did not speak .with feeling or with temper, or as if shie were sorry or annoyed; just with that little disdainful: curl of' her tea stiful lips which s was habitual with her whetis things went cross; and of course l'did not dare to ask her more'than she chose' to tell:- We were always so much more like queein and sub-' ject than like daughters of the same fither and mother, that I never presumed to take liberties with her-nor with nmy mother. My father and I were the friends; but with my mother. and Guinevere,.though L adored them lioth-' especially Guinevere, I ivas always on the lower plane, and of both--I. confess it candidly-I was a little afraid. The next day-I do not know whly, but I be lieve that my mother wrotd to hirn-Morse' 'Herbert came over to the Knoll, about half an hour. before luncheon. He as with Guincrvere. alone in the drawing room for some time, and brought her" into luncheon on his arm. I re iieomber hlow deadly pale she was, and how fueshendand triumphant, yet ill at ease, he looked. And I rememnber hlie trembled like a girl when hIe shook hands withl me and said in a voice tihat was scarcely like hIis own,-? " You mnust congratulate me, Rachel. I am goiingto be your brother, and marry Guine veore. \- -So then, he and my sister iere engaged ! The proud and stately swan was at ltasit tamed ; the -flower had at last opened to the sun ! But for 'what means ? Not srdina:ry ones, for the en gigement was not like those one reads of or fancies for one's self whlen one is young; and for the first and only time in my life I was in clined to'be lhard on Guiunevere. She was so cold to him, so disdainful. At her best she was only placidly indifferent. at her worst shte was actively sarcastic, and seemed to take a cruel pleasure in wounding him. And I thought that as she had accepted him, cite ought to have be. haved with more consideration. I used to wonder lho lie he bro it, such a high-spirited niau ill all other things as lihe was But he was so dopcerately in liv-e with herin thiose days, he would is:cr burne anyuthinog, only for the deliglht of itting Ily Iher aid looking at her and calling her his. And her very coldness Inado him more desperate, as it had made so many others. It was - something to battle ngainst--somethint to strugglo with and over come ; a kinid of challenil e fluntg down to the meon sho cared for her, whichl they accepted as Atlanta's lovers accepted !ore. Atalaitt defied those whio Ioved and would wins her to surpass Iher in swiftness, and Guinevere defied those who loved and would win iher to breakle down her statuecsque coldness and make her a warm and livintg wouani. Evidently Morse Herbert had not as yet b-ecn hlier real conqueror, her truePygrga'etin. He had won her promise, but he had not carried iherheart, and she was still untouclhed. I was sorry for hitit ti'd he Inew it. With out being a traitress to my darliitg, my quecn, I could not help pitying this haudsomae, manly fellow whom shei treated so badly; so that at the last he got into the habit of coming to me for comfort, as he said; for if I were not the rose, I lived sear it ; if I were not.Guiitevero I was her sister. And when she. would not lct' in talk to her of his love for her, he could colns and.talk to me ; aindl he knew tha: 1 vwas a patient listener, for that I loved her too well myself not to like to hIear another praise her. Still, wished that shea could have loved him more. than sho evidently did; or even if- she did not love him, that she would have treated him better. I, like Morse himself, tru'ted to time, his own love, aind the iridissolubility of mrear riage wlshen once they were 'iiited, to bring it all right.. Her -coinmon sense then would, come into -play, anrd heir dignity too, and she would surely, accept, wit a good grace a condition of- thingsa of which a bad one would not "rid her.: So w-e talked" to each' dther, always skirting round,. but never :conin8 ',to,. the furl admission of . Guinevare's want of love for Ihim, I doing iniy best to give hilihope ,and courage, till he got- at last to' really love me like his" sister;- and to mean it when ho'cailled mie his comforter and his ooii angel. This was now the early summer, and the marriage, was "to, take." 'place in the autumn. ]eanriwhile we all, wvent to Scotland; - and Morse' Herbert, as -Guine viroe's fiance,' went too. She' .would rahtaer he had not been with us.' Shehad none of that .girlish, silly pride, which likes to. parade a "'conquest "-more especially one in which her own heart was not engaged. ' And; so far from malting this joint: stay a' pleasure to neor Morse, she turric it into a .torturd, and really made him very, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be ruds dr to flout him openly. Sihe ws always: noble,.liker herself ; but she was colder thari ice; rarder than, ston'o; more and more statuesque an'd indifferont as the days wenut on; as if she ?rinted to discharage her conscience bf all suspicion of deception, us that Morse should know, if he inarriid her; lie Was marrying oily half of:' her-and- that the half .wanting was that of hel heart. But no bore itwith t':he wonderful hope and patience of a strong, man's love.: She showed him no angry. averaion; remember; only cohld ness, without warmtlh for any one else; and he always believed that this was constitutionil re serve. anid that some day lie should warm her into the life andi knowledgo of love. The Glenbarrons, :at whose house we were staying, were nice people. Mr. and" Mrs. Glenbarrdn, and 'their - daughter : Adeline, were charming, but I. did not like Doni' ald, the' eldest son.i The second, blMackenzie, was much better ; , in fact, he -was as nice as his jparents and Adeline.. But Donald 'was one'of those fist' diosipnfed.men, who tare only coids with" a correct accent and perfect taste in dress./ He as a main who always looked as if he' had been up all night-very pale. 'as thin as a grasshopper, and with'- those' red cyelids arid odd smeared kind ' of .mouth which msakes you think of drinking, as if they had been, reddened .by -the lees of wine. He made me feel that he was living on the brink of a 'precipice -as if from Bday to day his character and honor were unsafe, e'd aiiiht' at any moment be destroyed by some terrible dis closure. - I know lie made his father and mother very anxious' and Adeline, who was gentleness in person, was sonmetines severe upon him.. In fact, lie wais a horror; but, poor .wretch! he had some good points in, hiu., as- you will see. He had brought down to the castle with him' a Hungarian Prince with an diopronouiceable' name. I neveorcould.protiounce it,anid I do not know how it was spelt; but as he .wans always called Prince, it does not mhchsigrnify ihat his.name really was. : . : :- He was -a great friend of Donald's, and, per lips partlh1 on tiiat.:ci,arit, I took 'avioleint hatied to )ildi'froni the beinning. Do not, laugh and liaksas if I 'am unable to take a vio lent hatred to any one. We quiet little' women are- often volcanoes, .like the rest, only our fires lay a little deeper, than' writh some, and our ceplosions are nOt so frequent. B lut if I listed hrim, I was the- only person who did-except, perhaps, Adeline.. 'And-she did not so entirely detest him as I did.: She did not like him ; and Mackenzie,.toe, was in different to liim, so ivas Morse Herbert.'. But every one else praised him to the. skies and applauded hi:n to the echo.. Ho was very, very handsome, thatI ,must confess, neither so tall or^ so finely' built -'as Morsb; of a slighter, lighter kind iailtogether. and as dark 'as Morso was fair. But he hind really an almost perfect face of its kind,.and he had the most graceful-muanners you can ima gine. They were as perfect as his face. Thodgh I did not like hiim, 1 o?uld vot be blind to the things which fascinated others, his grace, his beauty, his readiness to oblige, his pretty way of asking you by his manner to forget that he was a prince,-wlhile he himself always remembered it; and then his cleverness. He spukeoall the principal laIguaCes, one as well as another, and" all well. 1He danced most hbeaiuifully,. and sang well, played the piano well, and rode'and fenced and played billiards. and.all that; ;as a- first rate shot,. and was most amusing besides. S-He could do all sorta of conjuring tricks as iwell as: any. professed prestidigitator. One: day Mr.: Glenbarron said to -him, laugh ing,- - ".` Well, Prince, if ever you are brought down to the bare boards, .you cansget your living as a conjuror,: cr 'worse. - By. George, those trimps;l" " Think so ?" the prince said' with a- smiile ; but I was surprised so 'see' how he .flushed up; like a girl, nmore than a man *and thoughi he smiled, he did not look pleased. - Never.after' did he do any more conijuriiug tricks- for us.- Mr. Glenbarron had, evidently piqued him somehiow. \Vhren the Prince irst cams he'devoted him self to Adeline. This was perhiaps'natural, see ing that she was thire daughter of the house and so sweet and pretty in herself ; but she was so decidedly cool to hrim that hire soemed to get tired of paying her compliments- anid looking into her eyes. Besides, Donald evidently did nrot lilte it; nor did Macken.zo. Indeed, I overheard Donald say to the prince, in such a strange voice, one day, when threy were on the terrace below anal I on that :bove, " You promised me KaIrl, by all you held sacred-if tLhero is anythinri your hold sacred in heaven or earth--that you would leave my sister alone, and I hold you to your pro miSse." They palssed out of hearing, when Donald had said this, so I did not hear thie Prince's an swer. At all events, after this he left Adelire alone. sut he turned to Guinevere, end paid her' r much attentiua as he had paid Adeline in thire beginning. I coeld nrot understand my sister in those days. She, so proud and cold to all the world, so irdilferent to liher own affianced lover, Morse IIHerbcrt, became somehow a transformed being withll the pri:ce. IHIo could mrake her sad or merry, entirusiastic or angry, by his aneed-tes of thiirs or persons, as no one elso, had ever been able to do. I have ?ecn the tears in her eyes when he sang his plaintive Hungarian songs, and she never seemed to tire of his music. litirerto she had certninly not been more enthusiastic about miusic than about anyvthing else; now shie would sit in a kind of hushed, rapt rway whvu he playe.l, and it wvas pathetic to see the way in which she came back to her. self, and, as if it were reality, when he had finished. Shire grrew, too, so much gentler to every oie. Gentle ia not quite tihe right word, for she was never anything but gentle-.sympathetic, aff-c tionato rarther--and to me especially so; to every . ore indueed, save pooer orse IIHerbert, and to Ifim hier former chilling indifference changed into something that looked hke hIrate and fear. He eaw it too. Iknew that hedid, althlough he said nothing to me; but I saw it in his sad, grave, wondering eyes, in hris compressed lips, irrhis forced calmness, and in the flashes of fire that sometimes shot from his eyes when he looked at tie prince. Donald, too, was dreadfully disturbed. He had ione down before Guirevere, as .all the worl did, and he wa madlyin love with her. He knew that she wu enpged, and he knew thero was no hope for him. Triuti ifdd ut re. vent him loving her, or wishihg that there had been hope.. Poor wretch I His lava did him this good it opened his eyes to his own vileneas; and made himn':nahamed of: the infamous' life lie led in secret. ýFjr eve:' had she been free; he know that heo wasuiaorthy of her, and that it would havoi been isanciloge .to Iha'msnatched such a spootless 'hll such a' stalely swan? with a thing steeped to the lips in vice, a mere well-dressed, correctly speaking, ruioan ! "i . Vhi a dreadful time this was I Under the smooth. exturior of a pleasant country party, here were we all in such turmoil and tumult of doubt aind- fear. and love and sorrow as made the ivhole thing a tragedy' :1 think 1 had as hard a part to play as any one.:" Guinevere made over Morse Herbert to .ir'as` if ha had been a fan or a botiquet to hold. VtWhenever he wanted to be ` ith her she used to call me onneome lierteat, and then glide quietly away and leave as toget;her`.For the° iibattpart aho went off with thi prince, and naturally Morse could not be aa iude as to leave me alone. 1 was nso sorry for him !' I used to feel.that I would have thankfully laid dnown my life to have made him happy. I wondered at Giine. vere as much as if she had. suddenly changed by [some supernatural influer:e, and I hated the prince more and more, hecmuse of the pain that he had caused -my poor friend. And Morse was so' crateful to me ! It almost broke my heart to see how this tiue, noble fellow clung to sie becaure I was Guinevere's sister, and how touched lie Was by my sympathy. One dayho said, "Alh, Rachel if Guinevere had yoursweet nature and lovely charac:or;" and if she only ?ared for me as much as .you do, dear. little sister I" "She is far better than I am, Morse," I an swered ; "and some day she will love you as you deserve to be loved." Ifelt my facegrow crimson when I said this. and, in spite of myself, the tears would come i to my eyes-I do nit know why-only, perhaps, it pained and shocked am to think that my sister--mv queen, my star, my beloved-should have. fallen so far below her best self as not to. love this noble fellow, and to give him pain be cause of such a man as the prince. We were all out on the terrace that evening, and. as usual, the three men had clustered around Guinevere--Donald, the prince, and Morse Herbert. It was' a kinfd of triangular" duel among them-a trial of skill which should claim her attention, and snake himself the most favored. Morae, with. an outburst of passion and pride strangely unlik'e hiniself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Guinevere respect and acknowle'dge them. *The pirince, quiet, aubtle, fascingting, offering homage like incense, asked'mutely for favor. - Donald,tfeverish, eager. and in some cases, insolent, at least to the priace, flung, himself, as iti ere, on the spears of her scorn; but with a wild, strange air, as if he wished to protect her-from whom or what ? And all-this while she? stood as a queen among them, supreme in grace and beauty and unconquerable pride, at. least to Morse and Donald, biit all sweetness and almost tenderness to the Prince. -Adeline and I,' With Mackenzio and one or two others, were at a libtle distance fronm them -just a fe. steps; but I stood where I could hear and see all. ;." How 'beautifully"the inonus siines on the fountain I' said Guiner-s. asuddenly, lookisig d.wii: the:long; daik awonuee to where the. fountain, at the' end, shrase in the moonlight likoe some ,pale softly shro aded ghost. . " Yes let mie take you to l," asaid Morse Herbert eagerly, offering his arm. '"Yes; let us go," said Donald, -.ranging. himself on .the other side. The prince said nothing, but he looked at lier - with pleading eyes, and she looked b-ck at hiis s iti' answering ones. ".. Very .iell, we will go." said. Guinevere. Theni in iher quiet, queenly way, ?furning to Morse said : - " Morse, : brisg- Rachel. The Prince will take care of me.". She ignored Donald altogether. Such a strangely rapt, such a wonderful look of love and triumph'and delight :came on the face of the prince as he took her hand and drew it on his arm I - He was- pllaying no part hare ! He did truly and really love liher. Who, indeed, could help it? But I saw Donald.Glenbarroa seize his arm and hold it for a minute, as if in a vice, and I distinctly heard him say: " Scoundrel, you shall smart for this !"'as he pushed past him rudely and left the terrace in a rage. Morse, too, was painfully agitated and I could feel his arm tremble with 'auppresed passion. - u' But what could he dl I Ho was not the kind of nmaii to make a vulgar brawl. for, the favor of any woman. If she preferred anotler to him self, though it 'broke his hear., he would re spect her choice. He might, being a.man, find some occasion to revenge himself on his rival, . but he would not make a scene in the presence. of his lady, and he would not found his qu irel on her name. \- I did my. best -to console him. but my best was very, very little. How coul - I console - him-in his terrible position, witri all the agony and humiliation that beset it?' What weremy fullest love and sympathy to -him; compared with the want of Guinevere's ? He seemed pleased, however, by my tendern. as, and he made my heart light for all its sorrowful heav ings for him by .the way in which he said, "My darling little sister, withlout you I should be wretched indeed I -You are the ouly point of light in my present life. You are worth very mucht to sme-you are very, very dear." "'I wish I could make you happy," I answered, "I would if I could, Lleavr n lniows." "I know you would," he said; " and so far as you can, you do. For my ,wn self.respect I musl ot i"enduru this position any lhiser.. It is inendurable, and Ishloul desiluso myself if-I did not put an end to it. I must miake Guine ver expclain herself clearly ; and if-she cannot lo e me-" He stopped, for his voice suddenly broke. and I saw him raise his hand to his thruat and loosen the knot of his necktie. "Tien we shall lose you again,' I said; and tears came into my eyes, whether I would or no. "You will never lose me," hie answered, presaing my hand kindly. "To the edl of my life I shall never forget your arweet kindness to me in my trouble; and niever cease to lurve you as my dear little sister, sIy sweet ciild friend." "Thank you," Isaid. But I was not quite a child. I was nearly eighteen now. Guinevere was just twenty. three. That night there was an awful row down stairs amongst the men. I was standing by the open window, for I was too unhappy and be wildered to sleep, and I heard first Dnall and Morse talking together, then Donald std the prince. I did not hear the whole conversation, of course. Idid not listen, and I could not have heard it all even if Il had listened. Besldes I did not wish to hear it. But I did hear Donald say to Morse,- "Leave him to me, Herbert; I will aettll him better than you can," and I heard him afterward say to the prince : "You're a scoundrel-a bigger scoundrel than I thought you, Karl. If you do iot drop it, I will expose you, cost what it may. I will not add the onaths and bad lnangoace with which he clenched this exclamatiou. I did not hear what the prince said in reply. HE had a sot, low voice, and always spoke in a rather subdued tone; but Donalda's voice was harsh add loud and rough, and hIe never moderated it, so that it was eaiT yto hear his answer in return, though I csld not catch a sound of the other.-To asCor?-uxs. PCI 