Is There a Hell ? « Is There a Hell, and if so where is it ?' This was the title of a discourse by the Rev. George 'Walters in the Unitarian Church, Hyde Park, on Sunday evening. Not long ago, said tbe lecturer, a man would have believed himself to be pretty well on the way to hell if he for a moment harbored a doubt as to its existence. Within the last 25 years, however, many ortho dox churchmen had given up the doctrine of the belief in ' hell,' or, at least, modified their views on the matter. Still there were many people who, though they did not believe in ghosts, were yet afraid of them, and so hell to many minds had its terrors. The ordinary doctrine of hell, he considered, was quite distinct from the question of future punish ment. We might believe that sin was punished in this world or in the next without at all com promising ourselves as to the doctrine of 'hell fire.' But did people really believe in a fiery hell ; that 99 out of every 100, including many of their friends, were in imminent danger of being sent there ? If they did, they would sink into despair and madness, and existence would be robbed of every charm with which it is invested. Dr. Holmes had said that a person who really be lieved in such a hell ought to go mad. If people really believed in such a place, the world would not be worth living in, and would be only a few shades more tolerable than such a hell itself. There was the hereditary belief in such a doctrine handed down from father to son, and others regarded it as an essential feature in religious faith. Roman Catholics founded their belief in 'hell' on the teaching of the church, and other denomin ations on the Bible. In the Old Testa ment there was no orthodox belief in hell, but in the New Testament the teaching seemed to be somewhat contradictory. In the Book of Revelations they read of a ' fiery hell,' but they also read of a ' woman clothed with the sun,' which clearly showed that the book was not to be read literally, but merely taken in a figurative sense. Even if the Bible taught it on every page, he could not accept such, a fear ful dogma — such blasphemy — against the God of love and mercy. The orthodox church by such a dogma made the Infinite Being appear as a monster and a tyrant. The Bible was simply a collection of books, or rather a collection of fragments of ancient literature, and the opinions there expressed were merely the indi vidual opinions of the writers. He refused to credit such an outrageous and diabolical scheme; which transformed God into a hideous demon, and in the language of Bacon thought ' it was better to have no opinion of God at all than to have one unworthy of him.' Personally, he did not deny the theory of future punishment, but believed that every bad action carried with it its punishment, either in this world or in the next. There was no hell save that which each one made in his own nature by evil thought, false word, or cruel action. The doctrine of ' hell ' was fortu nately dying out, even in the orthodox church, and the heart of humanity revolted against such a vindictive scheme of hideous retribution. No longer then would the earth be regarded as the ante-room of 'hell,' but as a place of preparation for a better world to come. 