Nora and Kathleen ; OR, VS' -ifie'-Consins of Kildare. CHAPTER XXX. ' / old/bough meets IIIS master. \- FhQto came no answer to Lord . O'Neil's low cry — no answer, although : : . he .called on Nora's name yet'. more loudly. . "-Not hero ho whispered to him-. self, his . fair,, bronzed, faco: paling; 4' not hero.! Is all lost, after all ? My /poor Nora it" ' " |j He glanced around the room swiftly and keenly, and then his oyes fell . . iupqn the.- " wooden' bar of the inner floor— ithe door of the young Lady ;;V..:-'Qra's prison, into' -which she had .'been thrust on the preceding" day. / ;iW"ith. one wild bound ho 'gained ®the Ijarred door, and beat .upon it with I. Aiis hands. -Then '"lie cried out, in a ' ; .passionate voice, clear as a bugle-call, ,dnd rich and deep — ' ' j' « Nora, Nora darling, are you : d'icro ?" - /;."'/ . j .. ; . There moment of breathless ."suspense, then a swift rush was heard / ,/within the little room ; a low, pas-; :'sion(j.te, eager cry sounded on the other // i'tjicle of the door, and Nora answered,. / /in her higlij sweet voice, broken now, /and panting — , / " Larry ! It's nob Larry ?" In the wild joy ' and excitement of .-.that moment, the young Lord O'Neil ;forgot his'prudence and the proximity pf tho young girl's enemies. / /--With a joyful exclamation he / .'wrenched, the wooden bar'that guarded , -the door from its sockets, and pulled ' /the door open. And then a slight, / girlish figure came fluttering out into .the firelit room— a figure with floating : -' /idusky hair, and a white, eager face, '/lit up by a pair of dusky, passionate " ' ,/eyes,.«v And this, figure flow to his arms ,asto a rightful home. / . " Nora ! Nora 1" cried O'Neil, his soul in his.yoice. / . / The. .giri- answofed. with hysterical laughtbr/and tears. ' .. .. been. longing for -/ you/jto " cpine/to me," she said, . her voice, . quivering. " " You don't' know what I've suffered since/ 1 ,loft, Point Jtildaro.! /Take me away; please! /Where are .the Fbgarfcys?"' His lordship 'started as,' they were reoalled to.ins mind./' ' fI.They' are -out. on, the rocks looking for the .wreck of -.their smAck," lie said, smiling.- - -If- Put iiow pale and thin you arc, Nora, /mayourneen ! ' You have been starved/and ' ill-treated, it's easy to see; but that's all over. "We'll bo going now." ' He pat 'his' arm round her slender waist and drew her towards the door. " One moment," said Nora. "Wait one moment, Larry !" She broke 'froin. his,' clasp and ran, . 'intoY/the/ inner room, returning' immediately with her hat and cloak n. Then she put her arm in his, signifying Her readiness for departure. Too late ! They had not taken a step towards:tho -.threshold when the door Avns burst open, and old Fogarty and his wife, bringing with thein the wreck of the broken lantern, which had fallen 6n the rocks, rushed into the room. "The , other lantern !" cried old Rough. '/Av the hallo was ginewine, , we must look for the b'ves. Av it were the ory of some murtherin' ghost, we ought to know it ! Oh", hegorra I What's this?" His glances had rested upon the young pair. "In his terror and astonish- \- ment he leaped baelc several paces, uttering a shrill yell. This yell was echoed by Mrs. Fogarty, who followed, ' : her retreating spouse with suchimpetus' as to knock the remnant of the lantern from his hand; . " A — a ghost ! " ejaculated /old .Rough. "A spalpeen of a man, who wants ; to rob us of our five pounds a week," cried Mrs. Fogarty, more sen sible than her husband. "Bate him off, Rough ! 'Way with ye, ye miser able thafe !'' " You are not very choice in your terms of address, madam!" observed Lord O'Neil, coolly ; " but I am will ing to overlook your discourtesy in consideration of your excitement. I am here to take away this lady, and I'll give you just one minute to get away from that door, so that we can pass out. D'ye mind that now ?" lie added. Mrs. Fogarty understood now, . but by -the sullen angry look upon her face one might judge she was no better pleased than before. Old Rough had by this time re covered from his temporary .paralysis-; he closed the door, . bracing his broad back against it, demanding, surlily— "Who are ye now 1 And what are ye wantin' ?" , " I have no objection to tell you who I am," i-oturned the intruder, his bold eyes looking from one to the other of the grotesque couple. "I ain Lord O'Neil, of County Antrim I" "Wild Larry of the Glen?'' asked Fogarty. . " Tho.same ; and what I'm wanting is. this- young, lady, tho Lady; Nora Kildare, - my promised wife.- I've traced her here, and I' shall-take her hence with mc." ' r " Not while I'm to the fore," said Fogarty. , "Sit down a minute,, darling," said Lord O'Neil, in a low voice " I must, give this old fellow a lesson. Have no fear." His confident smile reassured Lady Noru. She sat down 'on a bench near the fire. "Come on," cried Fogarty, and with a yell and a roar ho hurled himself against the, young lord. . , The Lady.Nora could scarcely keep back the cry of fear .that trembled on her lips ; yet evcri in that mora.ent she could not resist a thrill of admiration as her lover's bright and dauntless face, and lithe, active figure flashed again, and again across her vision. He did not look like one to ho easily beaten; He looked rather, in his bold;' spirited attitudes, like , one born to be a' con queror in every tiling lie undertakes— like one who knows " no such word as fail!" Presently a vigorous hand-to-hand conflict commenced. The white, firm hands of Wild Larry pummelled his adversary with crushing force. The old man reeled and stumbled to tho floor, where he lay for a moment half stupefied. " Now you know why they call me Wild Larry," said the . young lord. " Perhaps, now," lie added, , as tho burly Fogarty struggled to his feet, " you might like a look at this ?" He drew out his pistol— .the one lie had purchased in Dublin — and turned it over carelessly in his hands. Old Rough and his wife uttered exclamn-. tions of terror. Like many who pride themselves on physical prowess they had an exaggerated horror of. fire arms. Old Fogarty, blinded and dizzy, staggered to a. seat. "Put up yer fowling-piece, my lord," -he said, humbly enough. "Forthe first time in my life I've, found my better. Av ye lived in County Down I'd move out of it. I have nothing more to say." " I presume not," observed the young lord, smiling coolly. "And now we will leave you to search for Mike and Tom, whom you seem to have tempo rarily forgotten." . Wild Larry took' up the small parcel of the Lady Nora's /effects, gave the young girl his arm and led her to the door. He .opened it and tlioy passed out together into the lonely; dreary night, with its dun, heavy shadows, its chill autumn , wind, and the roaring murmur of the sad sea waves. ' The lovers did not speak until they had crossed the garden, patch and gained the high road beyond. Then Lord O'Neil gathered the young' girl to his heart, and she whispered, softly, as his kisses fell upon her perfumed hair — "This moment, pays me for all ! The future looks dark to me, Larry, but this moment lias brightnets enough to gild all its gloom ?" "There'll he no more trouble for you, darling," Cried the yoiing lord, in. his passionate joy. "No one shall over again dare to harm you. As old Fogarty says, ' I'm to the' fore !' I shall never lose sight of you again !" ' " # CHAPTER XXXI. " - taking. tke opii'ensive.. -. Lord O'Neil conductod the young Lady Nora along the road to the patch of shrubbery, in tho shelter of which his horse was waiting. On arriving- at the spot where his horse was sesured, a now difficulty presented itself. How was the Lady' Nora to ride without a lady's saddle? The young girl solved the question for her self. . "I can easily manage," she said, cheerfully, seeing her lover's look of dismay. "The horse is strong enough, and can easily carry double ! I will ride behind you, Lurry, and' cling to you, so that to fall off would be im possible 1 Let us try it !" They did try it, and tho young lord thought the arrangement admirable, when ho felt tfie slender, clinging arm around his waist. He -decided in his own mind that he could not have im proved upon this plan if he had tried. Giving rein to his horse, they rode out upon the highway, pursuing the road to Kilkeel. And as they rode slowly along, they talked in lovers' fashion. Presently, when their first trans ports at their reunion and at Nora's safety began to be succeeded by a calm reflectiveness, his lordship said — "All, Nora, I never knew how I loved you till these perils overtook you. I shall never dare to'letyOu-gO from me again, Michael Kildaro luis proved himself an unworthy guardian, and ho must never assume authority over you again. When I went to Dublin, in obedience - to Allebn Mahon's summons, and went with' her to Yew Cottage, and made my' way to your little dark prison coll, I vowed' within1 myself that this false kinsman, of yours should never have, you in his charge again. I can hardly believe that that little, soft- voiced, mild-eyed,; deprecating man is the villain at heart lie has proved himself. I can hardly credit the fact that he shut you up. to, compel you to marry the now. carl." '! He did worse than that, Larry." "Worse; Nora 1". "Yes, he hired Mrs. Fogarty's son to kill mo." Lord O'Neil uttered an exclamation of hon'or. "It is true,. Larry,'' affirmed the Lady Nora, sorrowfully and gravely. " He hired Tim Fogarty to convey me out to sea and push me overboard, or throw me over, when I should fall asloep ; and Fogarty. would have .obeyed him to, the letter, but that he fancied it ' would -he- a better specu lation; to keep . me alive. Oh, Larry, you will hardly, believe in the baseness and treachery of Michael ! And I loved him - so, Larry ! I trusted him so !" ' " ' " But there- must be some hideous, frightful mistake in, all this," .cried Lord O'Neil; with a shudder. '"My darling, the plan you attribute to your kinsman is one' of a foul and awful murder. And that little, soft, smiling, dapper man- — he who always seemed to love you so — could lie 'deliberately plan to destroy your young life?— to kill you -because you refused to marry the- man he desired-?: "It is incredible! Nora, Nora,. darling, you have been deceived ! It is impos sible!/ " Ah, no, Larry ; I would give much to know it impossible,- but it is true, as. you will acknowledge -when you hear my story; Listen, Larry." And : with . flashing eyes, clieeks flushing redly in her just indignation and her horror, and in a voice impetu ous and- passionate with her terrible griefy- tho young Lady Nora told her story. . V Lord O'Neil listened 'to the narra tive breathlessly. . . v (to be continued.) 