UNDER SENTENCE NORFOLK ISLAND. AUTHENTIC RECORDS. \-- ¢. - (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED) No. 12. THE HEAD CONSTABLE. \- Although Convict Theodore Dixon had never actively shown signs of madness, there is no noubt that the mysterious mental dis ease which baffles all scientists, must have been latent in him, for on the day of Bradly's murder he had to be secured in a straight waistcoat through his violence. The queer manner which had earned for him his nick name was but the outward sign which told of the deficiency within. Like Vesuvius and the thin column of smoke, men knew that something out of the ordinary was present, but no one could tell when the quenticential volcano would burst forth, carrying destruc tion in its train, The head constable was especially pleased at the turn affairs had taken. Bradly was becoming inconvenient to him. He knew more about Scanlon than he wished him to. Now he was out of the way, and Dixon would soon follow him, for there was not the least doubt about his being hanged. Even if he was insane the easiest and cheapest method according to Norfolk Island law was to exe cute him as soon as possible. Madmen had been hanged before, and no fuss made about it, and Dixon would certainly end his life on the gallows. The Head Constable had a failing which: was common to a good many officials on the' Island, He sometimes indulged rather too freely in the "flowing bowl. " When the wine is in the wit it out" was a proverb peculiarly applicable to him. He said and did many things when under the influence of Bacchus which he was sorry for afterwards when it was too late. Two nights after the murder of Bradly he was in the quarters set apart for himself, the chief turnkey, and the head overseer. A small but convivial.party were assembled. In addition to Scanlon and the head over seer chief constable Baldock, overseer Whiffen and constable Wilcox from the head prison were present, having come over for the even. ing on a visit. They were all heavy drinkers -when they could get it,-but the vile rum which they were consuming seemed to take a greater effect on the Cascade head constable than on the others.. Before nine o'clock his tongue had get the better of him. The bibli nal injunction to keep a watch over one's mouth was entirely forgotten, and Scanlon was relating some of his exploits with a gusto and minuteness of detail which only a half intoxicated man indulges in. His companions were slightly surprised at some of the narratives. To say they were very much surprised would be untrue, for they were well versed in the tricks and subterfuges which were practised on the prisoners, and by which they were so often unjustly punished Each of them had been guilty more than once of the same kind of acts of which Scanlon made nimself the hero, but they had never been foolish enough to tell the public so. Chief Constable Baldock only laughed at the indescretion of his subordinate, and gave him a few hints to change the subject, but that only made the constable chatter the faster. The chief overseer at the Cascade Gaol treated his comrade's talk as so many good stories, but to overseer Whiffen and constable Wilcox the conversation had a fascinating and peculiar interest. These two worthies had for some time cast longing eyes on Seanlon's billet, and though they drank with him they would not stay at any trifle that might assist towards his removal. The last incident that the Cascade head constable described clearly was the manner in which he had conveyed the three ounces of sugar to the pocket of Hendrick'a jacket, and for which the convict received one hun. dred lashes. Everything he said was care fully noted by the two interested men for future use. It was close on midnight when they left for the head prison, but nt nine o'clock next morning Wilcox was in the commandant's oflice giving him a ''full, true, and particular account " of what Scanlon had said the previous night. The commandant had a strong dislike to the head constable. His system of having favourites to carry him tales was distasteful to the chief officer. He didn't object to having such tools himself, but his subordinates had no right to trench upon his domain in that respect, and be listened willingly to the charges which were made againit Scanlon. When overseer Whiffen returned with the gangs in the evening he also repeated the charges which had been made in the morning mentioning Baldock also as one who was present when the statements were made. That official was called, and reluctantly admitted that the head constable had made indiscreet admissions, but tried to extenuate them by saying that the man was evidently joking. When he saw how she commandant was inclined he speedily changed his apoloetic mood, and strenuously declared that Scanlon was unfit for the position that he held. The result was that next day the command ant went over to Cascade prison, accompanied by Baldock, Wilcox and Whiffon, and an enquiry was held into Scanlon's statements. In addition to these witnesses the local head overseer admitted having heard the statements made, and outside evidence was soon obtainable to prove that Scanlon had only told the truth about himself. His former favourites saw that he was likely to fall, and like such cravens they were the first to help him on his downward road in the hope of winning the favor of his sucsessor The commandant held the charges to be clearly proved, and at once suspended Scanlon, intimating that he would recommend his dismissal to the authorities at Hobart Town. Wilcox was installed in his place, much to the disgust of Whiffen. The late head constable was furious when he found how he had been duped and be trayed by his supposed friends,' and by his own foolish tongue. The reference to Hobart Town meant that he would have to remain on the Island for several months until the decision arrived, bnt of course he would be found in quarters and rations as long as it was necessary to stay. During that time many things might happen. He was an im pulsive man, and when he fairly decided on a project he carried it through with the greatest tenacity. For two weeks he re mained at his quarters brooding over his fancied wrongs, and then the trial of convict Theodore Dixon, for the murder of Bradly, came on. Scanlon had witnessed the occurrence, and when he was placed in the witness box he swore that Bradly was the aggressor, that he first struck Dixon, and that in self defence the latter seized him by the throat. This evidence was totally unexpected, and the only one who could controvert it was convict Mercer. This man still had a regard for his former benefactor, and as perjury was of little consequence in his estimation, he generally bore out the evidence of Scanlon. Without doubt Dixon would have been ac quitted of the charge of murder through this evidence, had it not been for the statement of the prisoner himself. He told the jury that both Scanlon and Mercer had been mis taken in the account they gave of the affair. That Bradly had not struck him, nor had he been the aggressor. According to English law the statement of a prisoner in the position that Dixon was is not admissible, and little notioe would be taken of it by the judge or jury, especially if passive-if not active-madness was present, and on the prisoner's own words. because no one else could say who was the agresseor, he was condemned to death. Norfolk Island law was peculiar to its own roil. A week after sentence, Convict Theodhre Dixon, per ship Tasman, ships number 168, prison num. bar 1073, was swung off, and a vacancy left at Cascade. It was three months after this event that dispatches arrived from Hobart Town, covering , amongst other papers, the dismissal of Head Constable Thomas Scanlon, with an intimation that he could have a free passage in the vessel back to Van Dieman's Land. For a couple of months the conduct of the late head constable had been very queer. He wandered about in an nimiesa manner during the day, and frequently during the night also, and he was but the ghost of his former self. Most people put this change down to over indulgence in rum, but those who were most intimately associated with him knew that in fact Scanlon drank very little since his suspension. Two years previously be had received a sunstroke whilst out in the fields, and it was more probable that this injury was reasserting itself. On the 7th of July. 1847, head constable Wilcox, accompanied by a field convict named Heide, had occasion to inspect a flax field on the outer edge of the cultivated district fae ing southwards. The locality in question was very hilly, and in the intervening deep gullies the plant was grown. The surround ing district was the wildest in the Island, although it was not more than a mile from Cascade prison. The forest was a densely tropical one, and no attempt had been made as yet to utilise it. Three quarters of a mile from the gaol the last gang of laborers was passed, and it was from this porty thta Wilcox took Heide to accompany him. As they proceeded the hills became steeper and higher, and an air of wild loneliness hung over the place. It was here that the wild flax had been first found, and it was still almost in its virgin state. It was part of the head constable's duty to visit the locality once a month and report on it, and in pursuance of that order Wilcox visited it that day. The two men had proceeded almost to the extreme limit when they were suddenly startled by a laugh not far from them, and turning in the direction from which it came they were astonished and alarmed at seeing Stanlon a short distance up the side of a hill on their right. He was standing behind the trunk of a large fallen tree, and only his breast and head w'ere visible. \- Where are you going to do?" he hailed from his elevated position. " We are just inepcctiug the plants," re plied Wdlcox, who felt very much alarmed at his appearance, and wished to conciliate him. " Will you not come and join eus, old fellow." "No. I don't care to join you where you are about to go. I dare say I'll get there soon enough myself. I've come here to give you a parting gift before I leave the Island. I'll take care this time that you will not be able to tell the commandant any tales about me. I have been waiting for this for two months, and now that I have got you I intend to have my revenge." As Stanlon spoke it was quite evident to both Wilcox and Heide that he meant mischief. His appearance was wild. and his eyes blazed with a deadly hatred. The head constable was armed, but Heide was not, and if Scanlon had a gun he had a considerable advantage over them, as they were standing in a clear portion of the gully, whilst the Ex constable was well sheltered. If he would descend from his position the two men would have a better chance against him.' " Come down and don't bear ill will. I am a friend of yours, Scanlon, and willdo anything I can to help you. Come hack with me and have dinner," Wilcox said. " You showed your friendship once, didn't you," sneered Scanlon, and I am going to show you now how I appreciate it. I have come here expressly to kill you, ard I may as well do it at once." As he spoke he pointed a musket over the log, and proceeded to take aim at the head constable. Heide rushed for shelter, but Wilcox instantly rose his musket and fired hastily at his enemy. It would have been better had he followed Heide's example and made for cover, for the chances would be against Scanlon hitting a running man. As it was his hasty shot missed its intended mark, but it gave the exc-onstable time to take accurate aim. An instant after the re port of Wilcox'a rifle rang out it was answered by another, and the head constable of Cascade fell dead with a bullet through his heart. When he saw his enemy fall the dismissed official ran in the direction of the thicket where-Heide wae concealed, but the latter fled with all speed, and a race for life ensued. Had it not been for the proximity of the outer gang of laborers the flying cone vict would most certainly have been over taken, but he managed to reach that party before his pursuer, and the latter ceased to follow him when he saw the laborers. He evidently wished to kill Heide in order to destroy any evidence of his guilt regarding Wilcox. The convict made his way to the gaol as rapidly as possible, and gave the alarm of Wilcox's death. The superintendent at once sent a party of soldiers to the place under the guidance of Heide, and be also sent a messenger to the head station to inform the commandant of the occurrenee. The day following the murder was an extremely wet and stormy one, as was also the second suc ceeding day, and the chief official did not despatch any search parties to capture Scanlon until the third day after the tragedy. This broke fine and clear, and no loss than four different expeditions were sent into the forest to hunt up the ex-head constable. The commandant knew well that if he was not mad he most be in a desperate state, or he would not have committed' the deed he had, being a free man at the time. If not captured he would doubtless resort to further acts of violence, and no efforts should be spared to bring him to justice. The four search parties left the head Station in different directions, and the commandant himself accompanied one of them. This body headed for the centre of the Island where the hills were high and steep, anod the forest dense. Two of the others skirted along the sea shore, and the fourth went in a pareal lel line--about a mile distant--with the commandent's party. A most thorough search was made. Every thicket was ex amined. Hollow trees and logs were looked at, and it seemed almost impossible that the fugitive could evade his pursuers. Towards noon they had reached the centre of the island and on the top of a commanding hill the commandant's party halted to have some refreshment. The chief officer had seated himself at the foot of a large tree, and when the light meal was over be bade the soldiers search a deite thicket about two hundred yards to the south, and then return to him to explore the gloomy valley in front. The men had not departed five minutes when the commandant was rudely startled from a noonday reverie, into which he had fallen, by a hoaree voice saying, - 'Attempt the least resistance, and you are a dead man." His hands instinctively sought his pistols, but as he looked up and saw the drawn and haggard face of Scanlon peering at him a few yards away with his moueket at the shoulder and pointed at his heart, he saw how completely he was in the power of the desperate and hunted ex-constable. " What do you want with me. Yon might lower your gun," the officer at length found voice to say, feeling at the same time that he was lost. "I want revenge. There is nothing else left for me but that "hissed Scanlon. "You came to hunt me down, but I have turned the tables, and hunted you down." " Why do you want revenge on me. I am only doing my duty," the commandant answered firmly. "For many reasons; I would not be in the position I am at this moment had it not been for you. As your guard will be here in a few minutes I will not waste any further time with you." As he spoke he pulled the trigger of the musket, but it missed fire. The heavy rain of the previous two days had rendered the powder useless. Determined not to be baulked of his victim he sprang forward to club the olfficer, but he was too quick for his assailant, His hand was on his pistols, and in an instant he had drawn one and fired point blank at Scanlon's breast, killing him instantly. While he was wiping the heads of perspiration from his face, which were brought there by the terrible ordeal he had just undergone, the soldiers ran up, and he directed them to convey the body to the settlement, Next week the series of records willbe continued under the title of " Convict Charles Mooney," The incidents narrated therein, which are stern truths, will prove of great interest to the reader. 