"REVIVAL OF THE MOE MIK- STRELS." Such was tbe heading that adorned posters placed in prominent situations in the town during the past week. Further examination of the placards divulged that the object for the revival was no less patriotic than to raise funds for tbe D Company of the Mounted Rifles. Accordingly it was not surprising to see a capit-ri audience in the Mechanics' Hal! last evening, when the locals went through the programme. Mr. H. Bunstun occupied the position of interlocutor, Messrs. Cooper and Bullock tambo and bones respectively ; Mr. B~ B. Da vies pianist, and Messrs. P. Lee and GJO. White violinists. The remaining number of the circle was composed of Messrs. Renou, W. J Wilson, J. Clarke, M'Kay, EL Aitken and Brache. The programme gone through was as follows :—Overture, company; song, " B-ock-a-by, Baby,' Mr. Clarke; song, '' Duckfoot Sue * (encored), Mr. Bullock ; song, " The Golden Wedding," Mr. Brache ; "Away Down upon the Swanee River," Mr. Renou ; " Don't You Tickle Me," Mr. Cooper; " Nettie Moore (encored), Mr. W. Wilton; " Hauled Me Back Again" (encored), Mr. M'Kay; '' Slavery Days," Mr. B. Aitken ; "Old Log Cabin," Mr. Bunstun; **' Married (encored), Mr. Bullock. The first part concluded with a short sketch, "Tbe Ghost." Mr. R. B. Davies opened the second part with a well-finished pianoforte solo. For the rendition of the comic song, " I was' on it," Mr. M'Kay was accorded loud applause. Mr. G. White, for "The Englishman," found a fair reception. Mr. Davies sang very correctly, " Dear little Maid," which the audience showed signs of appreciating. Nothing but an encore would satisfy for the manner Mr. Bullock sang " Kissing." Mr. Brache more than made up for his misfortune in his "circle"' song by rendering «On the Bridge at Midnight" very well.. Mr. M'Kay came next with " Hi-tiddly-hi," and then came the farce, ** The Barber's Shop." The characters woe sustained by Messrs. Cooper, Macleod, Brache, W. Wilson, Bullock, Lee, Clarke and Bunstum It was capitally given, 'Mr. Macleod, as ** Barber," exercising amusing care in the selection of an apprentice, for which he received several applicants in response to an advertisement. The choke finally is in Mr. Coopers favor, and as " Barber's Assistant 1 " he is to be credited with keeping the audience in a simmer of laughter by his witty sayings and extraordinary conduct, .^jp^sre. Clarke and Lee played tiw parfcs of "Customers" and they displayed remarkable patience whilst undetgoing the agony of a shave by the raw apprentice. ••The Barber's Daughter" was personated by Mr. W. Wilson, who at first received tbe wooing of "The Dnteh Lover " with that baslifulness said to be characteristic of the sex at that period of life. Mr. Brache, the suitor, continues his visits, even prying into the domestic life, until mutual love is displayed. The father hears of this, and being unable to obtain definite information by other means the inevitable apprentice is entrusted with the task of eliciting it. These incidents in the farce were good, particularly where the Dutchman is caught in the trap the apprentice sets— or those who witnessed the performance might prefer to make it " upsets." The minor part of Applicant for the Situation " was amusingly acted by Mr. Bullock, and the final disturbance that the whole leads up to calk into requisition the services of " Tlie Policeman " (Mr. H. Bunstun) and that was also the signal to drop the curtain. A ball and supper followed, which commanded a good attendance. It was catered for in Mr. Easton's good style. The piano for the occasion was, as usual, generously lent by Mrs. Attwood, and a word of praise should be accorded Sergeant Moore, in whose hands the management of the whole affair rested. 