In a recent issne we referred to the operation of tbe Shicls Act in Victoria, and contended for the necessity of a uniformity in marriage and divorce laws throngboat Australia. The first step in this direction has followed very promptly in tbe passing of the New South Wales Divorce Act, which, under the title of the Divorce Amendment and Extension n-n i__„ ? *1^ Uor MftiAHfv'fl assent. It is somewhat strange that New South Wales thus follows the lead founded on her own initiative. The first to move in the direction' of extend ing the facilities foT divorce for causes other than those recognised in the Eng lish law was 8ir Alired Stephen. Nearly seven years ago he drafted a Bill which duly passed the Legislative Coun oil and lapsed in the Assembly. The following Session it passed both Houses, j +lia rtnmmnf.inn whip.ll followed QDOU the refusal of the Royal assent will still be remembered. Care was, how- 1 ever, taken by the Colonial Office to make it thoronghly understood that this was done through no desire to interfere with the self-governing power of the Colonies, but simply that bo im portant an alteration in the mar riage laws should not be made hastily or without giving the constitu encies an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the matter. It was on this Bill that Mr Shiels based his enactment, the Royal assent to which he secored by going to London, and making all ne cessary explanations in person. In Sydney the Bill was regularly introduced every Session, but oame to grief in the slaughter of the innocents preceding the prorogation. This time it has pulled through on the sixth attempt, and has become the law of New South Wales, I two years after the enactment for which it stood as text became the law of Vic toria. ine couiuiuu course, secured a strongly-marked uni formity. Still, there are divergences worthy of attention. Under the Vic torian Act the applicant for relief must prove a Victorian domicile of two years. The New South Wales term is three. Under the latter law a petition may be limited to a decree of judicial separation on grounds justifying application for divorce. This provision does not appear in the former. The sob-section of the Victorian Act, whereby adultery, under certain aggravated circumstances, is held a good ground for divorce against & husband ifl not adopted ; but the same sub- sections appear making desertion, habitual drunkenness, with cruelty or neglect, sentences for crime or for violent assaults^ all good grounds for divorce. However rigid may be the view taken by a certain section as to the solemn sanctity of the marriage vow, ^d #e impropriety of lightly tamper ing with it, cases which haye come before tbe Courts of New South .Wales, within recent memory, strongly pleaded for some more practical measure of relief than was then obtainable. But while these special instances seemed to ? 1 ~nA tnr artAftial Intor rVlflition. fliffht should not be lost of the fact that a premium on divorce proceedings is offered by making the facilities for divorcs too easy. When it can be so lightly set aside, the marriage vow is apt to sit as lightly upon those by whom it has been spoken. Sight cannot be lost of * the fact that, under both of tbe laws a|}0 ve-mentioD ed , a good case for divorce be estsiblisbed by a simple act of qoUuBibn. The peop]e who* haye flUMjieii. ip. Haste, an4 )iaye repented nJiRpsf as quickly, haye only to agree to gepaiffcs. PBS »4de|erto,?' leaving otkW to PPVe dpmigile ant} apply 7 ? «nd when the p!w ha? sncr for relier, « * aj?ain in the ceeded they may eh-v. - eame society circle perfectly free to w traot other and equally lasting engage ments. ThiB is not merely speculate ,l it represents cases which have already taken place nnder the Viotorian law in more instances than one, and the fear is that, by making people understand how easily they may get unmarried, results will follow which will have the worst possible influence upon society. This has undoubtedly been its effect in America, and discussing the subject in Blackwood a contributor very trench antly deals with it, and affirms that it is largely responsible for the constant plopemeoty of mere tcfroOl children who utterly fail to regard the step they are taking as irretrievable, or even Bpeoially serious. &e; Bays : — 41 Girls under tbe age of oonsent elope with older men and get married. A great many get married juBt because they want to know *hat married . life is, and because they knowtliey can jget a divorce whenever they want to be free. The antecedents of men and woven are generally taken upon trust, .and women, j without enquiry, marry * man who sayB that he is not married or that he is! I A fl miivkf tu mtnF soon find out that they are not lawful wives.' . The picture eo presented is one utterly repellant to people of good moral tone, and the state of affairs it indicates cannot fail of the most injurious effect upon Bocial and national life. On the other hand, the proceedings in the great majority of oases heard before the Vic torian Court clearly indicate how in tolerable had become the burden which many unfortunate ^ victims had im posed upon their shoulders by an act which might not at the time have been either foolish or ill-considered. The desideratum is to obtain an en actment which shall afford necessary relief in such cases, without being open to abuBe in ?others of less clamant character. Herein the full weight of re eponsibiUy now rests upon the Judges ; and, in view of the necessity to obtain uniformity in marriage and divorce laws throughout Australasia, the proceedings under the Victorian and New South Wales laws will be watched by tbe other Colonies with speoial interest. It is a matter calling for very close attention, and if it is seen that the Amerioan parallel is working out, the steps ne cessary to check £his evil should be promptly taken by those ColonieB which have made the evil possible. The Hon. audl&y; go-tjc — The Hon. Andley Ooote, M.L.O., arrived in the b.b. ' Ooogee from Melbourne on Saturday, and left for Hobart by the express train at 3 p.m. Mr Ooote has been away from the colony in connection with the New Cale I donian and Pacific cable, and with land I grant railways of Queensland. It is antici I pated that by this new cable system press messages to and from London will be reduced to 2s per word. The hon. gentleman says that on his arrival in Brisbane a oab!e mes sage from London was awaiting him, inti mating that if the Tasmanian Government desired they would be able to float a loan for railway purposes at a reasonable rate of interest, Oity PABk Feineby. — Upon enquiry we learn that the fernery has been uaed ae a general store for exhibits that were not removed prior to the annexes being handed over to tbe contractors. Only a few lots remained to be claimed, and theee will be removed elBewhere during the present week, when some alterations will be made to sum the altered circumstances, and a number ol fresh ferns planted where others have failed. The roadway at the entrance is in an impassable state through the heavy cartage from tbe annexes, and this will ba remedied at onoe, so that in abouc a week the building will be thrown open to the public, THE X.BL.U.A. ABIiBSOOl'B.— « IS g»ttiy- 1 ing to bear that the large and valuable tele- 1 scope, whioh was presented by Mr James I Oddie, of Ballarat, to tbe Y.M.O.A. of Laun- I days. This handsome gift was made as far back as October last, and the Customs authorities have taken such an Interest in it that they do not care to hand it over till about £11 has been paid as duty. Through the energies of the new secretary of the Y.M.C A. (Mr Ohas. Grubb), about £7 have been collected iu almost as many days, and it ?is cxpeoted the bond will give up this valu able prize by the end of tbe week. The tele soope, which weighs about three quarters of a ton, will bs erected on a cement and brick foundation at the rear of the main building, and the Hon. W. Hart has kindly offered to bear tbe expense. A BOLT. — OnSaturdayafternoonaFpirited pony attached to a light pagnal cart, tiie pro perty of Mea&ra;, A and W. Fowler, Charles street, bolted alone Brisbane street. It was being driven by Mr W. Fowler, there being another young man in the cart. When near the Quadrant the vehicle oollideil with another trap standing in the middle of the roadway, and Mr Fowler aud his friend were thrown out into tbe street. The trap then struck the lamp-post at M*Lennan'e corner and shivered the glass. The cccupauts were not much hurt. The cart received consider able damage, the shafts being broken to pieoes. Winter Evening Bntebtainments — This evening the first of the series of winter evening entertainments, nnder the auspices of the Mechanics' Institute committee, will be held in the large hall of tbe buildlug, A strong programme nas Deen prepares ior ujc occasion, including mufical items by Meesrs, St, John David, O. E.Long, A. J.Scott, Cast- ley. Burbuiy, and Miss Dugan. Beoltations 1 will be given by Mrs F. Styant Browne, Messrs. -1, E. BobinBon, and G. Crosby Gil more. The chamber scene from ' Hamlet' will be given, Mr Abraham Barrett sustain ing the role of Hamlet, Mrs Styant Browne Queen Gertrude, and Mr Oscar Ballo The Ghost. The programme will conclude with the jealouty scene from 11 Othello,' Mr Bar rett enacting The Moor, and Mr Balfe lago. With such a programme, aud considering tbe fact that the charge of admission will b? only sixpence, a crowded audience may be LaJBCENY. — On Saturday night a man named John Speed was arrested for stealing a ladles Busaian cloak from the shop of Adam S, Acreo, of Elizaboth-strett ; and a maa named Francis Caseidy was locked up on a charge of having stolen a pair of woman's shoes from the BriebaEe Ho: el. Both de linquents will be charged with the offences at the Cjty Police Court this morning. Progress op Oddfellowship, — We are informed by thb aecrttary (Mr George Ooutts) that owing to the large number of applications for admission to the Loyal Inveresk Lodge, IO.O.F., he has suc ceeded in making arrangements with the , Bight Worthy Graua Master to extend the time for receiving members at half the usual I fees until Tuesday evening, the 12th inst., at I the Park Hole !, Inveresk, at 8 o'clock. I Naval Escobt — 8bips*0ornoral George I alltimcs, of the H M.S Orlando, arrived iu Launceston on Saturday by tbe s.e. Ooogee frtm Melbonrne, for the purpese of escorting to Sydney John Inwood, who asserted from , H.M,S.iUapjd, A TAf MANIAS BAILWAY COMPANY— A I London cable, under daw July 7, says the prospcclud of which was issued some weeks ag -, is now in prooess of flotation. The object of the company is to construct a railway la Tasmania to oonneot the Ifuunt BiscboS tin mires with the Zeehau silver fields, tho latter already having railway 90^ munioation with Port ££&yquarie;,' and the {ojmer with 5mu Bay.' Tasmania* Abtbonomioal Depart ment, — On Friday night (enys the Tas manian Ncids) the seoretary to the Boyal Sooiety received a' oablegram from Mr H. O. Bussed, F.B B., O.M.G , Government astro nomer of New South Wales, informing him ihat he bad posted a piper to 'be read before thd Boyal Bctilety, on ' The Establishment of an Astronomical Department in Hobart' The paper (written by Mr Bnsgell), it i9 understood. 4eals with the parUon of the will fit the la^e ter A^th^i l^ako, T0at-ng to, the B'tablisbtpent of an astronomical department in Taenia. In tbe will of the late Mr Leake there was a bequest of £10.000 for the establishment of, and purchase of iustri m&nta; for, a department of astionomy. The 1 if reoeived in time, will be read at I tomLidp of tha BovaJ aQ: ?t°ehmid t-e on interesting and import'* I.no the ontoome of «Moh K ts V- »w tope I Will load to some pnc&cal; measures belpg taken witu regard Eo carrying pat the pro visions of tbe will, ObGAN BfiClf At — Hr W. W, Thornth Wditc, cityorga&ist;, played an excellent pro gramme of muric od the large organ, in the A'btTfc Hall, yesterday afternoon. The attendance of the public was fairly largp, and toe Kims, which were selected from some of the great masters, were much enjoyed, G*s accounts must be paid not later than Thursday to seouq the diioouat, Thb Wbathek, — Blnoe the recent heavy rainfall the weather has beoome bitterly cold and wintry. Although the snn shone yester day morning aud'af&srnotm; with spring-like billlianoy, the surrounding hills wereoovefefi with enow, Mount Barrow looking very pic turesque la the distance in its lobe of white. | City Police Oocbt —At the Oity Police Oourt on Satuxdav. before Mr O. W.' Water houae, 'P.M., John Inwood was further re-„ manded tor a week on a oharge of having deserted from H.M.8. Rapid, Release op William Poph. — We (Birmingham Daily Pott, Hay 31) recently announced that William. Pope— against whom s warrant had been issued under theTtabtoro jet 1869— bad been arrested at Waukegan, Illinois. It Will be remembered that in ?September, 1890, Pope— who was the manag ing director ? of Pope'a Fish Oonmany, Limited, of Oannon-s&eet;— -disappeared, and were soon afterwards reported to a meeting of the shareholders. The result was that the shares of the company, whioh bad been started nnder very auspicious circumstances, fell in tbe market to a nominal value. Some difficulty arose between the company aud Messrs. Gray and Walker, auotioneors, ae to the shares held by Pope, and after Bome litigation the latter, was made a bankiupt, and a warrant issued for bis arrest. For some time tfae bankrupt elnded the vigilance of the police authorities ; but ultimately he was tracked to Waukegan, Illinois, where, it was said, he was preparing to start on mrsfar mlmn nf thn fni+hivimlrier exhibition at Chicago. There be was ar rested, and Chief-Inspector Van Helden was sent over from Birmingham with a view to bringing him baok iu custody. In due course our local hud detective arrived at Waukegan, but there he found himself con fronted with technical difficulties in regard to the question of extradition. At present it is impossible to give the exact cause of the hltoh in the arrangement, but on the 18th inst. Mr Farndale received the follow ing cablegram Extreme difficulty j sur render doubtful ; cause state of law.' The uneasiness produced by this message was est at rest on Saturday by the further wire : ' Pope discharged ; shall return by first boat.' As jar as oan be gathered the diffi culty in tecuting the legal transfer of Pope into the custody of an English offioer has been tbe curiously diverse manner with which the extradition treaty is regarded by the various States. [It Will be remembered that Pope, in the course of his wanderings to evade tbe polioe, visited this colony, and made himself notorious both here and at Hobart. 1 Fbbedou or Oontbaot.— The prinoiple I of lrcedomif contract; cropped up again on I liee.J.v Suave f-io «t. a mpptinp of th(3 I M~nofr.gr Millers' Afsouiation, which was held to consider ' the action of Mr Brunton, who had dismissed a man named P. Moroney be cause he had refused to join a trades union. Mr Brunton explained that the action com* C' 'ned of had been taken by his son, who graduated in the mill among the men, and was a strong unionise. Mr Brunton wae away from the colony at the time, but he told tbe meeting that he waa willing to re instate the man if the master millers would guarantee, under a penalty of £500 each, to back bim np in resisting any strike or boy cotting of his flour which might ensue from hia action. The feeling of the meeting waa that Mr Brunton should trust the assocla elation to support bim in whatever action he took, and he eventually agreed to take that course. A motion expressing satisfaction at Mr Brunton's explanation was then carried, and the business of the meeting was then completed. A Cubious Privilege. — Englishmen, it appeatB, enjoy iu France a curious privilege wbioh iB rigidly withheld from Germans and I Belgians. It is that of flying carrlcr pigeons. 1 Thie, however, as explained by M. Tegetmeier, in bis tectum oa this subject publiehed in tbe Journal of the United Servke Institution, is on the strict condition that both the birda aud the senders are English. In Belgium alone, aocording to thie authority, there are 600.000 racing birds, which In the ? f ~ «... ,1J K« nn«- of fha rllannaal nf the Government, and ev^ry one of these iB a trained bird. They uaod, it is elated, to train them over tbe South of France, but tn&t; ie now interdicted, and no bird from Belgium or Germany is allowed to be trained in France. The fear, of ooutse, is that in .the event of a war trained pigeons would be smuggled into the Interior, and thus informa tion could bs oarried out. Mr Tegetmtier sees no difficulty in establishing 'pigeon lofts' for military purposes. There is a military pigeon loft at Bome, another at the i Island ot M&ddalena;, another at Cagliari, 1 nnd thov nractiee on what in called the Cagliari-Napoli line. The distance between these two places is 294 miles. They throw the birds from ships, and they have been known to do a distance of as much as 2B7 miles over the sea at about 8L miles an hour. Our advertising columns notify that 6. Cohen and Oo. have opened a fish market in | Tem4r-strect for buying and belling fi--h of i all descriptions. The market will be opened for daily oun'oess from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Hr W. H&rtnoll;, M.H.A., addresses the electon of Bouth Launceston at Milton Hall on Tbnrpday at 8 p.m. Shaieholderti of tbe Launceston and We9tern Baflway Ccmpmy are requested to meet at tbe Mechanics' Inbtitute at S p.m. on Wednesday, GOLD MEDAL, LAUNOESTON EXHI BITION. Awarded OLFATO CIGARS. Smoke no 