«? HOW 'Hid ALL Wti DKOIDU TIMS QUESTION!' Moid, which is the worse — to have no (ifij)ctUefur i/oiir dinner, or to have no dinner for your upjjctilc '} There ure lotu of people ou -he one side, or the uther of this* question. When ' good digestion waits on nppelite, aud health ou both,' that i« the ideal attitude of a person towurda hiu meals. But mo.-t of ua are not blesned iu that way ; wo either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigouiuut) appetite without euough to satisfy it. Different folk will uuswer this question diil'oieiitly, yet the common eeuae of it ia lhat, within reasonable limits, it is better to bavH un appetite without a dinner, because B Hbuit iit'thf tjtuvation line a huugry man is I a healthy mail'; whoieus a tnau wtio ought I to nut and dueau't teul like eating, stands I in need or' ' itlterations uud repairs.' I To illustrate. We recently received a ? omuuuicdtion m wnich the w liter says, 'I was afraid to eat.' Did ho fancy hia food was poisoued, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived ou ? If the latter, ?why ? Let him clear the mvater'y himself. Ue says, ' In the year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I bad boeu signalman for twelve months, and then ail at once, so to speak, I did uOt ' feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their tlavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to then**. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down tho middle with yellow fur rouud it. My breath was offensive aud my appetite poor, with paius through the chest and ehonldere, which were always right before I had eateu anything. Then. I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a bull in my throat, and act as if it would choko me.' We cannot 'wonder that under those circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he ca?ls ' a pricking sensation' at his heart', as though it were touched with some sharp iustrument. Then, again, at times he wap attacked with spasms, the agony of -which was so severe that tho sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of eatj i ug, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I zuas afraid to eat, ; ?' After a time I got into a low, weak?, nervous condition, aud felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sloop.' j What ho meausby the fear of ?? something going to happou'' is, of course, the fear of eomo calamity, such as tho loss of his position, his owu death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was duo, as he iuti mates, 1o tho iuipovorithed state of -his blood (the Hfo btarer), bis uustrung nerves; and tu tho braiu enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of llluees is always full of ghosts and gobliue[ the creatuies of a restless and ungoverned imagination. I 'With great difficulty,' he says,. 'I Btuck to my work, for I had a wife an4 family depending on me. So I struggled on', but what I suifered for two yeirs is past my powers of description. Jam sure no one hua suffered so much as I hvvc done.' j / . , ? In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notiotl of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitudo who are all the while ? going through the same wretched experience; only we dou't happen to come in touch with them. ; Well, the writer finally mentions thai after all -nedical treatment bad left him where it foiiud him, he chanced to read iu 4 book of a case exactly Mice his own bavins been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, ' got me a bottle at Mri LangstafFs, in Woodlesford, and after usin# , its contents the ailment left me, and baa never returned since tbat fortunate day; I should like the whole world to know what) it did for me. I have been employed by ( ,. the Midland Railway Company for eleven ,*',': years. -* ' ? ..;',- ; . (Signed) ' Oeougb. Hunt, \ ... i ;;; : ' ' ' ' ' Oar Bottom Road, ? j , (. ;.fi,v , ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.'' ; : ; - . We publieh this by Mr. Hunt's desire, iti ;/.;', ordiar that part of tho world at least may kuow' how thankful ho is. and for what reason. ' ; ! 