GOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip. Bx Viva. MELBOURNE. August 20. Friday, August 12, was a red-letter day in the j chronicles of Melbourne. It was the jubilee of ] the incorporation of the city. The whole day was given up to its fitting celebration. At 11 o'clock ; in the morning Mayor Lang, in his curious medieeval robes and gold chain, and his councillors in court dress, with lace ruffles and buckled shoes, assembled in the council-chamber of the Mel bourne Town Hall. The occasion was notable a s the first on which the Governor has ever attended a municipal meeting in the colony. He arrived at ; noon, and was formally conducted to a seat at the Mayor's right hand. The only surviving member j of the Melbourne City Council of 1843 took a seat j on the left hand of tne Mayor. Tlie name of this i veteran, who must have felt the council- chamber J copied with the ghosts of many councils, is Mr. . fs. Johnston. The Governor had hardly been received and welcomed before a deputation of the pioneers of Melbourne to congratulate the Mayor and council was announced. This interesting body of men included colonists who had arrive! in Vic toria, or, rather, in Port Phillip settlement, in 1834, and also those comparatively late arrivals who had not reached these shores till 1842 or thereabouts. After the deputation came the ine vitable speeches, which were mainly historical and retrospective. The town clerk read a formal his tory of the corporation, which included the history of the city. He referred to the building of the first Town Hall in 1849, on the site of the magni ficent structure of to-day, and to the laying of tho foundation-stone of the present building by fee Duke of Edinburgh in 1867. Mr. Henry Creswick made a lively speech on behalf of the old colonists. He referred to the uncomfortable old times, when a cask on a pole at Sandridge | showed people where they had to land, when the crossing- place at the corner of Elizabeth and ! Collins Btreets was 'a beautiful place to jump a j horse over,' and, when in place of lamp-posts and 1 metalled roads, j Great silver wattles trembled o'er the paths. AHusions to tho depression were inevitable, At the luncheon which followed Lord Hopetona regretted that they were not celebrating the jubilee of Melbourne at the very brightest moment. But, he added, Le had been told that in 1842 as great a cloud of depression hung over the city as tnat which now partially hid the glories of Melbourne, The Governor is an ardent pastoralist, with an unfeigned belief iu the power ef mother earth tc restore Victorian prosperity. LorS Hopetoun's cure for existing ills is 'more production, more agriculturist!?, moro wool, ? - aore wine, more mining, and, above all, toose confidence.' TTi« speech was very much to the- point. Mr. Creswick concluded the speeches by remarking that the depression must soon give vay te uraa perity for many reasons. Victoria, he said, 'with that touch of rose-coloured embroidery excusable on such an occasion, ' is the finest country in the world. Its climate permits manual labour out of doors all the year round. Its wheat, wool, and wme compared favourably with those of other countries j its sheep and cattle are of a superior kind, its fruit cannot be beaten, its women are charming, and its men vigorous and well-grown.' These charming women and well- grown men appeared in large numbers at tho Mayoral ball in toe evening. This festivity was a brilliant close to the celebration of the jubilee. The jewelled Mayoral crown sparkled, as usual, in front of the south gallery. Balls of many-coloured flowers hung from the gaseliers ; the mirrors, draped with Oriental stuffs, reflected the brilliant scene ; and the south gallery and organ platform were, as usual, converted into green bowers, sparkling with electric lights. The crush was appalling. One j ? not see the wood for the trees, and the ^inush consul appeared, with many others, like Guido's angel, head only. I fhinlr one noticed this consul more than other 1 ^pteule people in tlie Town Hall, on account of his crimson fez, which he keeps on, after the manner of a Spanish grandee. There were no signs of the depression in this brilliant assemblage, it was a mass of ever-moving, ever-changing colours and forms. There were blue, khaScee, and crimson uniforms, laced with gold and silver, there were the eighteenth-century costumes of the councillors ming-led with the gay and graceful women's robes. A formal reception was happily impossible for the Mayoress. The 2000 guests amused themselves very well, ^ and, after Lord and Lady Hopetoun had been received, the business of the evening began. The Mayoress wore a trained gown of black satin, the bodice much trimmed With gold, and the train edged with a broad band ® Hie same hue. Ball bouquets become lovelier With each revolving1 year. The flat turnip-like Jweies of the past haVe vanished a£ completely as the tree-stumps in Coilins-street. Mrs. Lang's bouquet was indeed a thing of beauty. It was a bunch of golden daffodils arranged with care less grace, with that art indeed which conceals art. Lady Hopetoun carried a bouquet of violets, snowdrops, and maidenhair ferns, arranged in drooping sprays. She wore beauty's dress, i.e., a plainly-made gown of rich white satin, the most trying and, to a woman who can bear it, the loveliest of toilettes. The bodice was made with puffed sleeves to the elbow, and the long, plain skirt was simply edged with a ruche. Lady Hopetoun did not need the tiara of diamonds in her hair to make her the most distinguished figure in a crowd of well-dressed and more or less notable people. The company, as a whole, was Ircsdia tingue. The Mayor's ball, in the old days, was pre-eminently a citizens* ball, and the Mayor was always a citizen of the citizens. Nous avom change tout cela. The annual Mayoral ball has recently become a ' 6mart ' festivity, to which the Governor goes as a matter of course. The Mayors of the past few years have been edu cated and superior men . This may account for the change. Bret Harte's verses, Tlie mists of gaze de ChambGry, And a hum of the smallest of talk, hardly applied to this ball, as gauzes ^were not to be seen. Even tlie debutantes wore satin, bro cade, or rich silks. The severe style of ball gowns, shows rich fabrics v-to advantage. A typical gown was of' white satin, made with a plain, trained skirt, bor dered with three narrow flounces. The bodioe was untrimmed, except for a long sash of white satin falling from the shoulders to the ddrt-hem at the back. Ribbon sashes replace the ordinarr Watteau plait in this kind of gown, and are much lighter and more graceful. Hie puffed sleeves and Medici collars of the gowns of some of the matrons gave them an old-world air. A very rich dress of gold coloured brocade was made in a way that would have suited good Queen Bess. The high collar was almost a ruff, and the long sleeves were puffed to the wrist. 'Trains were universal, and worn bv all the dansemcs. It is noticeablejjhow many of Mr. Creswick's ' charm ing women ' are of the American type. There were no JunoB at this ball. The girls were nearly all tall, willowy, graceful, vivacious and without much colour. A very elegant brunette wore black silk and lace, relieved by golden daffodils in her hair and on her breast. Her bouquet was a mass of those beautiful flowers, with trails of mingled ribbons and daffodils falling almost to her feet. It is impossible to say what colours were predominant in this gay scene, but one noticed in the women's gowns again and again the hues of the lily and the rose. The numbers at the Countess of Hopetoun's re ception on the 15th instant only attained half their usual average, presumably on account of the hard times. A crowd of well-gowned: women and well-dressed men, however, passed in a stream through the drawing-rooms of Government House and were received by Lord and Lady Hopetoun. Little Lord Hope, too, dressed in Highland costume, is accustoming himself to the duties of fiD. aristocrat, jind Bhook hands oordially with many of the visitors. The Hon. Charles Melbourne Hope also appeared in the arms of his nurse. The first flowers of spring fashion# were to be seen at this reception. The new gowns are exceedingly pic turesque, and the very reverse of ' tailor-made.' Short, round, full bodices, and plain, rather shorter skirts, appeared in great numbers ; con- : trasting colours are used a good deal in their com position. Lady Hopetoun wore a striped cloth dress, with pink and black lines, the rather short skirt being edged with sable. The short, full bodice had a collar aud waistcoat of velvet, out lined with sable, and the picturesque velvet sleeves were puffed to the elbow and ended in long cuffs. Her large 'picture' liat was of black velvet, and trimmed with feathers. The greenish gold of the daffodil, the richer gold of the jonquil, the bright yellow of the wattle-blossom, and the hues of the yellow cowslip and the pale primrose are very popular just now, both in gowns and head-gear, and mauve, heliotrope, and lavender are next in favour. The Hon. Violet Willoughby wore a typical gown of heliotrope-coloured corduroy, with a full vest of white silk, broidered with gold. The vest was edged with revers of velvet and her velvet cuffs were also broidered with gold. A 'picture' hat of velvet was worn with this picturesque gown. There- are signB that the severely plain style in dress of this winter is losing favour. Women are no longer ambitious to abolish all curves, frills, and trimming from their dresses. The long, severely-cut ceat is no more to be seen. The new woollen and cotton crapes and crepons have coarse, crinkly surfaces like mourning crape, or are striped, one line being thicker than its fellow. Contrasting colours are seen in these striped fabrios. Cunning mixtures of brown, grey, blue, and p nrple are shown in the homespuns and summer tweeas. There are many different ways of making these materials into summer dresses ; but there is one leading idea in all. It is to have the skirts quite plain, except for a band of trimming at the edge, or a sash. jianging from waist to skirt hem, and to lavish decoration on the bodices and sleeves. The sleeves are shorter than of yore, and necessitate the wearing of longer gloves. The headgear is distinctly trying. It is flat, and the trimming is placed flatly upon it. The new hats and bonnets are both small and large, but they are all flat and are lavishly trimmed with roses, arises, and orchids, held in place by bows and knots of ribbon. Men are supposed to rise superior to Fashion's decrees, and to leave all details of dross to their tailors ; but I note that a city florist advertises that the newest 'button-holes' are to consist of a single blossom, with its own foliage, and baronia and daphne must be approved of by our jcuncese doree , as the ah' at the mayoral ball was sweet with the scent of those flowers. Since Madame Melba has passed the final ordeal of a prima donna, and has succeeded in Italian opera at the Covent Garden Theatre, the debut of every Australian songstress has become extremely interesting. Pour years ago Madame Melba was an ordinary typical Australian girl, rather hand some, bright, self-reliant, and skilled in outdoor games. Till Madame Marchesi ' discovered ' ' her, no one thought much of her musical abilities. I remember hearing her sing at a concert in Mel bourne, just before 6be went to Europe to study. She excited no particular enthusiasm. Hor voice was sweet and clear, but no one qualified to judge predicted a brilliant career for her. What struck me most in her appearance was that inde finable quality called 'stage presence' — a gift many of our singers lack. Now, that she has become so famous, that her 'Juliet' is the musical event of the London season, and eo rich in offers from theatrical managers that she declines to visit Melbourne at present, her admirers find in her not only the voice of the nightingale, but the beauty of the humming-bird. On the occa i sion aforesaid, however, she seemed to me only a fine-looking young woman, with a good figure and a bright face ; but a woman distinctly with possibilities. Madame Melba, as the world knows, was a pupil at one time of Signer Cecehi, and three pupils of the same maestro made their bow to a Melbourne audience last week at a semi private concert. It was a musical evening held in connection with the Bankers' Institute, and organised by the energetic secretary of that insti tution, Mr. C. Davis. The audience was a large one, despite the fall of heavy showers of semi tropical rain. Admittance was by ticket, and only a faint sprinkling of the general public was amongst the crowd of sisters, cousins, and aunts of the youth ful performers. Mr. Arthur Fitts was the first vocalist to appear. He was one of the throe pupils of Signor Gecchi, and a brother of the Mr. Fitts, now celebrated in London as a vocal imitator of musical instruments. Mr. Fitts suffered from the nervousness which spoilt, to a ?certain extent, the performances or all the aspirants to musical fame. He has a sympathetic voice, between a bass and a baritone, rather in clining to the latter. The other two singers were of the finer sex. Miss Alicia Burton is the daughter of a member of a well-known city firm of carriage-builders. She appeared in the typical debutante's gown of white merveilleux, made with a perfectly plain skirt, bordered with a deep ruche, and a broad ribbon sash hanging from the shoulders. She is an auburn-haired, plump, rosy girl, with a full, sweet contralto voice of good compass. A good deal of applause and several bouquets rewarded her efforts. One of the floral offerings was a beautiful bunch of tvattJe blossom, probably given as a sweet-scented reminder of her nationality. The third singer was a daughter of Mr. Crotch, of the firm of Gordon and Gotch. She is a pretty, interesting-looking, slim, young girl, with dark hair and eyes and a clear, roBy complexion. Her complexion was clear enough to allow her to wear a dainty gown of very pale blue silk, always^ a trying toilette. The gown was veiled in chiffon of the same colour, the sleeves were of chiffon, and the dress was brightened by bands of gold embroidery arranged crosswise on tho long bodice. Miss Gotch has a pleasing mezzo-soprano voice of good com pass, and eang with feeling and expression. I do not know whether our concerts are coloured ly the depression of '.he tames ; but it is certain that bright and lively music was conspicuous by its absence at this entertainment. Miss Button harrowed us by Gounod's ' Worker,' and ToBti's 'Good-bye' was sung with passionate emphasis by Miss Gotch, while Mr. Fitts sansr more tfign one song in which he assured an imaginary loved (and lost) one — I love but thee, I lave but thee, 'Tie worse than death to be without thee. Mr. Joseph Gillott brought forward several young lady pianists, who one and all played the most lugubrious music, sad nocturnes, melting rhapso dies, and impassioned polonaises. One was tempted, like Tennyson's 'Princess Ida,' to ask for songs with the hues of hope promise. There Is a ready-made mission for the verse writers of Australia who desire to make their native land 'a nest of singing-birds.' It is to write cheerful, hopeful songs, telling of the good time coming when poverty and misery shall be no more, when the slaves of the nineteenth, century, the serfs of the London docks, of the dangerous mines, of the close, fetid workrooms, will bo raised and helped by the unselfishness of their more fortunate brothers. They can sing too of the time to come when the ' circling seas' shall lie Australia's only boundaries, and when the desert and the wild forest shall blossom like the rose. The love of a man for a woman, though a great factor in the world, is not the only subject of interest for mankind. 