' VTednestey's Obligations Edialeda, January 27th, 1892. "Dearest Beatrice,-— Seeing that-yon have decided in a most imperial manner that my correspondence me' should be commenced and finished on Wednesday of every' week as an obligation, I have therefore, to make the fact doubly plain, written on the top ot tms note tne statement. Having to do a certain thing i a regular and methodical manner, is often a matter of the greatest difficulty. When one can act as it were hy inspiration the task is simpler, yet it is devoid of method. Should my letter be on some occasions devoid of interest, yon will understand it is on account of the rule you yourself have enforced. I found myself both Tuesday and Wednes day wishing many times that I had taken your advice and not returned to the heat and 'glare of thelcitv. oil it was fearfully hot. As Lady Baker in her description of life in Natal, describes the heat as something liko standing at the door of a furnace. If was a mistake disregarding your advice and coming back ; it is a relief to be able to own oneself wrong to you, fur one of the most charming of your charniB (I am not flattering you) is your ability to sympathise with one. Yon can feel so thoroughly with one ; and yon don't season your remarks with .unpala table truths. You never say " I told you so." or "I knew how it would be," or "Didn't I warn yon," or anything ejse equally objectionable, l turns, lnoeea i am sure, l would rather a person boxed my ears out right than give way to snch remarks, pretend ing they know all about a catastrophe after it has happened. Have you heard of the theatrophon ; I spo that a preliminary trial has been made in London with complete success Connection was established hetween the Savoy Theatre and the Savoy Hotel, and the music of the " Nautch Girl" could be distinctly heard, even to the lightest touches. You know those machines with " Place a penny in the slot," <&c..; «fcc., well the theatrophone is worked on that principle, though coppers in his case are despised. Sixpence is the 'lowest charge, and with it yon purchase five minutes of music, and to such perfection of construction has the instrument been brought that inferior coins, are thrown out and the music refuses to come. By the way talking of music there is in The Century a beautifully written article entitled "Morzirt — A Hon dred Years After " by Amelia Gere Mason. It is a fitting memorial of the.great artist who accomplished his work amid so much dis couragement, amid so many years of poverty. His life is told with a tenderness and care that shows how deeply the creations of the master have sunk into the mind of the authoress, and his story so intensely pathetic, is traced irom the early haby efforts of genius, concluding with the picture of the great master dying with the score of the " Re quiem" which has moved the whole wor'd heside him ; of all the '' Great Masters," Morzart seems to me the grandest. I see that the "Divine SaTa" as she is called has just brought out a new play in New York entitled "Pauline Blanchard." The authors are described as having had for their obiect a desire to outvie Sardon in' the matter of horrors, as " La Tosca" hardly re presents so repulsive a picture as that offered in " Pauline Blanchard. " In the liist act of this "gruesome play— which is a capital vehic'eforSara Bernliardt's marvellous powers of emotional acting — the -mind of the heroine gives way under- pressure of despair, and in a a fit of madness she cuts her husband's throat. He dies immediately afterwards ; sickened hy so many horrors (so the paper puts it) the spectator is glad to escape into the fresh air. One reads quite enongh of horrors in real life without, caring to have them brought before them on the mimic stage. Oh, before I close, knowing how fond yon are of the creepy, road the ghost stories in the Review of Re views. I commenced but as it was just about the witching hour I gave it up, the shadows seemed fantastic, and everything appeared uncanny, but then I am not so strong-minded as y.qti are., and must confess to feeling a wee bit frightened. . '. . . 1 Will close my budget with love. Always yotirs affectionately, Vera. - 