Chapter "VIIT. It was a slow tram. The slowest train that there is, is, of course, far, far quicker than any other mode of conveyance practicable in a land journey, but it does not seem so. It seems as if it were delay impersonified to the "eager traveller,' especially on the Continent. In England when it stops at a multiplicity of little stations at which there is nothing to do, it at least goes on again in most cases after it_ has dropped its half-passenger or taken in its 'empty bag of letters. But this can never be said of a German or even of a brisker Belgian train. The one in which Aubrey was mean dered about Liege, for instance, till he had mastered every aspect of that smoky but in teresting place. It stopped for what looked like an hour at every little roadside station, in order, apparently, that the guard might hold a long and excited conversation: about nothing at all with the head man of the place. And all the while the little electric bell would go tingling, tingling upon his very brain. Thus he made his alow and weary progress through the afternoon and evening, stopping long at last at a midnight station where everything was wrapped in s'eep and darkness, for the arrival of the express in which the latter part of the journey was to be 'accomplished more quickly. If there had been anything wanted to complete the entire over throw of a spirit in pain it was such an experi ence. All was dismal beyond words at the place where he had to wait—one poor light showing through the great universe of dark ness,, the dark big world that encompassed, it around, one or two belated porters wandering through the blackness doing mysterious pieces of business, or pretending to do them. A poor little wailing family—a mother and two chil dren, put out there upon a bench from some other train, one of the babies wailing vaguely into the dark, the other calling upon mamma, mamma, driving toe poor mother frantic— were waiting like himself.' It gave Aubrey a momentary consolation to see something that appeared at least to the external eye more forlorn than he. He remembered, too, that there had once been a baby cry tDas went to his heart, and though all the associations con nected with that had now turned into gall and bitterness, so that the sound seemed like a spear penetrating his very being, and he walked away as far as the bounds of the station would allow, to get, if possible, out of hearing of it—yet pity, a batter inspiration, at last gained the day. He went up and spoke to the woman, and found that she was an English workman's wife making her way home with her children to a mother who was dying. They had turned her out here with her babies to wait, ah, not for the ex press which was to carry on the gentleman, bub for the slow—slow creeping third- class whioh only started in the morning, and which would, after other long waits at other places reach England some time, but she could scarcely tell when. "And must you pass the night here out in the cold ?" said Aubrey. "It isn't not to call a cold night, sir," said the woman meekly, " and they've got plenty on to keep them warm." "I'll try and get them to open the waiting room for you," said Aubrey. "Oh, no sir, thank you kindly, but don't take the trouble; the rooms are that stutfy. It's better for them in the open air, and they'll go to sleep in a little while. Baby will be quite warm on my lap, and Johnny lying against me." "And what is to become of you in this ^arrangement?" said Aubrey, looking pitifully with eyes that had known the experiences both of husband and father upon thia_ little plump human bed, which was to stand in the place of down pillows for the children. "Oh, I'll do very well, sir, when they go to sleep," she said, looking up at him with a smile. " And when does your train go?" "Net till six in the morning," she replied, " but perhaps that's all the better, for I'll be able-to get them some bread and milk and a good wash before we start." Well, it was not much of an indulgence for a man who was well off. He might have thrown it away on any trifle and nobody would have wasted a thought on the subject. He goo hold of one of the wandering ghosts of porters and got him, with a douceur, to change the poor woman's cheap ticket for her into one for the express, and commissioned him, if possible, to get her a place in a sleeping carriage, where, I fear, she was nob likely to be at all a warmly welcomed addition to the luxurious young men or delicate ladies in these conveyances. He saw that there was one found for her which was almost empty when the train came up. He scarcely knew if she were young or old ■— though indeed, a3 ' a matter of fact, the poor little mother, bewildered by her sudden elevation among the gentlefolks and not quite sure that she would not have preferred to remain where she was, and pick up in the morning her natural third-class train, was both young and pretty, a fact that was remarked by the one lady in the carriage who saw the young man through the window at her Bide, and recognised him in a flash of the guard's lantern with deep astonishment to see him handing in suoh a woman and such children to the privileged places. He disappeared himself into the dark, aud indesd took his place in the corner of a smoking carriage, where bis cigar was a faint soother of pain. In His human shortsighted ness poor Aubrey also was consoled a little, I think, by the thought that this poor fellow passenger was comfortable, she and her child ren, and that instead of slumbering uneasily on a bench she was able to lay the little things in a bed. It Beemed to him a good omen, a little relaxation of the bonds of fate, and he went away cheered a little and encouraged by this simple incident, and by the warmth of the kindness that was in bis heart. He spoke to them again on one or two occa sions on the way, sent the poor woman some tea jn the morning, bought some fruit: for the children ; and again on the steamboat crossing, when he listened to the account of how they were goiDg on, from Dover, with a certain in terest. When they parted at the train he shook hands with the mother, hoping she would find her relation better, and put a sovereign into Johnny's little fat hand. The lady who had been in the sleeping carriage kept her eye upon him all the time. She was not by any means a malicious or bad woman, but she did not believe the poor woman's story of the gen tleman's kindness. She was, I am sorry to say, a lady who was apt to take the worst view of every transaction, especially between men and women. People who do so are bound in many cases to be right, and so are confirmed in their odious opinion; butt in many cases they are wrong, yet always hold to it with a faith which would do credit to a better inspiration. "I thought young Mr. Leigh was going to marry again," she said to a friend whom she men going up to town. "Oh, so he ia. To the nicest girl—Bee Kingsward, the daughter of one of my dearest friends—such a satisfactory thing in every way." " Wasn't there something," said the lady of the sleeping carriage, "about a woman down at his place in the country ?" " Oh, don't think there was ever anything against him. There was a woman who was a great friend of his poor wife and lived with them. The wife was a goose don't you know, and could not be made to see what a foolish thing it was. My opinion is that he never could abide the woman, and I am sure she made mischief between them ; but 1 believe that silly little Mrs. Eeigh—poor thing, we should not speak ill of those that are gone—made himpro mise on her deathbed that this Miss Some thing-or-other should not be sent away from the bouse. It was a ridiculous arrangement and no woman that respected herself would have done it; but she was poor, and it's a com fortable place, and perhaps as there was no friendship between them she may have thought it was no harm." "Perhaps she thought she would geb over him in time and make him marry her." "Oh, I oan'b tell what she thought 1 He rushed off in a hurry at a moment's notice, nobody knowing what he intended, after the poor baby died, the very day of its funeral. Not much to be wondered at, poor young man, after all he had gone through. I don't know how things were settled with Miss Lance, bub I believe that she has gone at last. And I am delighted to hear of his engagement. So will all his neighbors in the country be " "I should not like a daughter of mine to marry a man like that." "Why? I wish a daughter of mine could have the chance. Everybody likes him at home. Do you know anything of Aubrey Leigh?" He did not know in the least that this talk was going on as the train went rushiDg on to town ; his ears did nob tingle. He was'in the next carriage, divided only by a plank from these two ladies in their compartment. The woman who took the bad view. of everything did not wish him any harm. She did not even think badly of him. She thought it was only human nature, and that young men will do that sorb of thing however nice they be, and whatever you may say of morals and so forth. I do nob think, though she had made that little conventional speech, that she would at all have hesitated to give her own daughter to Aubrey, provided that she had a daughter. His ad vantages were so evident, and the disad vantages, after all, had so little to do with actual life. Aubrey did not present himself before Colonel Kingsward that night. He did not propose to follow him to Kingswarden, the old house in Kent, which was the sole remnant of territorial property belonging to the family. He wanted to have all his wits about him, to be cool and self-possessed and able to remember everything when he saw the man who had given him Bee and then had withdrawn her from his arms. He already knew Colonel Kingsward a little, and knew him as a man full of bmhommie, popular everywhere—a man of experience, who had been about the world, who knew men. By this time Aubrey had re covered his Bpirits a little. He thought it im possible that such a man, when a younger than himself laid bare his heart to him, could fail to understand. It was true that the colonel was probably a martinet in morals as he was in bis profession, and Aubrey had that behind him which he could nob deny. He would not attempt to gloss it over, to make excuses for it. He would lay his life in this man's hand as if he had been his confessor. And surely, surely the acknowledged sin would find absolution, the extenuating circumstances would be considered, the lie with which that accusation was accompanied would recoil upon the accuser. The young man buoyed himself up with these thoughts through the long evening. He did not go out to his club or anywhere where he was known. In September there is not so many inducements to stray about London. Hs eat in his room and thought of Bee, and wrote little letters to her, which were a relief to his mind, though he knew he could not send them. By this time he reflected they must have started. They were beginning their journey as he ended his. He hoped that Charlie, that lout, would have the 8ense to take care of his mother, to see thaffihe suffered as little as possible, to prevent her from having any trouble—which I fear was not th'e view at allthat Charlie took of his duty to his mother.- Aubrey, like all outsiders, had a clearer view of Mcs Kings ward's condition than her family had arrived at. He was very sorry for her, poor, delicate, tender woman—and grieved to the bottom of his heart that this trouble should have come upon her through him. Bee was different; there would be so many ways, please God, if all went well—and he could not bring himself to think that all would not go well—in which he oould make it up to his Bee. Finally he permitted himself to write a little letter to meet his darling on her return, and enclosed it in another to Mrs. Kingsward, directed to Kingswarden. They would receive it when they entered their house—and by that time, surely by that time, his letters would not be any longer a forbidden thing. That morning it rained, and the London skies hung very low. The world had the effeot of a room with a low roof, stifling and without air. He set out to walk to Colonel Kiugs ward's office. I forget whether the the intelli gence department of the War Office was in existence at that time, or if it ha3 always been in existence only not so much heard of as in our vociferous days. If it did exist then it was, of course, in Pall Mall as we all know. Aubrey set out to walk, but soon recollected that muddy boots detracted from a man's, ap pearance, especially in the eyes of a spick and span person like Colonel Kingsward, who never had a speck upon any garment, and ac cordingly he got into a hansom. It did not go any faster than the beating of hi3 heart, and yet he could have wished that it should creep along like the heavier cabs. He would have put off this interview now had he been able. To think that you are within an hour at most of the moment when your life shall be settled for you absolutely by another person's will, and that your happiness or unhappiness rest upon the manner in which he will look at the question, the perception he will have of your difficulties, the insight into your heart— is a terrible thing; especially if you know little of the person who has thus beooine endowed as it were with the power of life and death over you, do "not know if his understanding is a large or limited one, if he has any human nature in. him, or only mers conventionality and the shell of human nature. Id is seldom' perhaps chat one man ;s thus consciously in the power of another—and yet it must come to that more or less every day. Colonel Kingsward was in his room seated at his writing table with piles of books and maps, and masses of newspapers all round bim. He was an excellent linguist, and there were French papers and German papers, Russian, Scandinavian—all kinds of strange languages and strange little broadsheets, badly printed, black with excessive ink, or pale with imperfect impression, on the floor and the table. He bad a large paper knife at his hand in ivory, with the natural brown upon it, looking like a weapon which could cut a man, not to say a book, in pieces. He looked up with an aspect which Aubrey, wbos ■ heard was in his mouth, could nod read—whether it was mere polite ness or something more, and bade Mr. Leigh be seated, putting asidedeliberately as he did so the papers with which he was engaged. And then he turned round with the air of a man who says—Now you have my entire attention; and looked Aubrey in the face. The young man was facing the light which came in" from a large high, window reaching nearly to the roof. The elder man had his back half turned from it, bo that hiB regard was less easy to read. It was not quite fair. Aubrey had everything against him; hi3 agitation, bis anxiety, an expressive tell-tale face, and the light searching every change that.took place in it; whilst his opponent was calm as his own paper-knife, impassive, with a countenance formed to conceal his emotions, and the light behind him. It was not an equal match in any way. " I have come direct from Cologne," Aubrey said. " Ah, yes. I believe my wife says so in her letter." "You have news from them to-day ! I hope that Mrs. Kingsward is better." " My wife never at any time speaks much of her health. She was a little fatigued and re mained another day to rest." " She is very delicate, sir," said Aubrey. He did not know why. unless it was reluctance to begin what he had to say. " I am perfectly acquainted with Mrs. Kings ward's condition,"'said the colonel in a tone which was not encouraging. He added, "I don't suppose you took the trouble to come here, Mr. Leigh, in order to speak to me about my wife's health." ,, "No. It is true. I ought not to waste the time you have accorded me. I do not need' to tell you, Colonel Kingsward, what I have come about." " I think you do," said the colonel calmly. " My letter to my wife, which I believe she communicated to you, conveyed all I had to say on the matter. It was not written with out reflection nor without every possible effort to arrive at the truth. Consequently I have no desire to reopen tbe' subject. It is in my mind concluded and put aside." "But ^ou will hear mo?'" said Aubjrey. "You have heard one statement, surely you will hear tbe other. No man is condemned un heard. I have come here to thrdw myself upon your mercy—to tell you my story. However prejudiced you may be against me " "A moment, Mr. Leigh. I have no preju dice against you. I am nob the judge of your conduct. I claim the righb to deoide for my daughter—that is all. I have no prejudice or feeling against you." "Colonel Kingsward," cried Aubrey, "for God's sake listen ? Hear what I have to say." The colonel looked an him again. Perhaps it was the passion of earnestness in the young man's face that touched him. Perhaps he felt that it was unwise to leave it to be said that he had nob heard1 both sides. The end was that he waved his hand and said— "My time is not my own. I have no right to spend it on merely private interests; but if you will make your story as short as possible I will hear what you have to say." (To be continued,,) 