FOREIGN. Madamo AbelLaprado, daughter of M. Nauen- dorff, the Dutch tradesman who claimed to ba Louis XVIL, died in Paris. M. Sajevits, a Croatian actor, whilo perform ing in a piece at Agram tho other day, fell dead on tho stage. The performance was at once BtODDcd. Herr Poter Loohnor, hithorto known as tho Hermit of tho Sonnbliok, who, loathing his soli tary position, threatened to retire from his post, has now a companion, in the person of a former guide engaged on the mountains of tho neighbor hood. ' The case of tho Vienna journalist who refused to give evidence in court as to the aourco of his information, on the ground that to do so was contrary to professional, etiquette, and was sentenced to a fine of 5 florins, has been, on appeal, decided in his favor. There has just died in Foson, at tho ripa ago of 90, a man named Stanislaus v. Kaozynski. He was adjutant to tho Polish revolutionary General Gielgud. Stanislaus took part in all the fighting in Poland in tho year 1831. Seeking refngo in a distant land, ho lived for many years in South America ; and ultimately was allowed to return to his nativo place. His estat03, valuod at 500,000 tlialors, had been confiscated. Kaczvuski oked out a precarious existence as . a TagelOhncr, or day laborer. A man lias bocn arrested in Paris for nttering forged bills upon some silver mines in Bolivia. His name is Reimcr, and on the voyage from Bolivia he mado the acquaintance of a fellow passenger, to whom he revealed his possession of a roll of forged drafts, and threatened to shoot him if he did not assist him in negotiating them. Tho friend communicated with the police, who approhendod Reimer, but not until he had obtained an advanco from tlie hotel proprietor upon tho security of ono of the forged drafts. A thief, who hna for a long timo in all prob ability been stonling incandescent oleotrio lamps at the Paris theatres, lias just been arrested by a clever dovico of the management of the Forte St. Martin. As it was found that a great many lamps had disappeared at that houso, the elec trical engineer bo arranged tho fittings that im mediately a lamp was removed tho elcotrio our- rent sounded an alarm. The man was thus caught as he was making away with a lamp in his pocket, and as he refuses his name and ad dress to tho police, it is believed that he has a largo store somowhero of the stolen articles. A gardener in the employment of tho Town Council of Paris found a treasuro the other day while working ill the Avenue du Bois de Bou logne. Hidden under a layer of dead loaves in tho middle of somo thiok shrubs ho discovered a small parcel carefully wrapped up in wash- leather. On oponing it he was astonished to see a very beautiful pearl necklace, numarous old medals in gold and silver, an oval watch set with diamonds nnd pearls, and seroral otbor gems. Having carriod them to the Police Commissary of the distriot, they woio at once recognised as tile proporty stolen a year ago from a lady living in Ruo Newton. , An alarming development of ghostly enter prise is reported from tho Anaconda copper mine. A speotro has appeared iu the lower levels of the mine, where his presence is proving as great an obstruction to business as a visita tion of fire damp. The miners deolarc that it is the spirit of their late foreman, basing their conjeoture upon the ghost's familiarity with his new quarters. However this may be, the works are virtually at a standstill owing to tho alarm created by his presence ; and tho position is becoming so critical that the company may find it neoessary, as a last resource, to offer a large reward to anybody who will rid thoir pro perty of tho ghostly trespasser. A strange commentary on the anxiety of women to possess tho franchise is furnished by the city of Boston, the most oultured centre in the United States. The ndvooates of women's rights in that city are finding it diifiouit to explain tho apathy whioh exists among the Boston women to mako.use of their right to vote for sohool commissioners. In tho year 1888 20,252 women registered as voters, and 19,490 voted at the oleotion. In 1889 only 10,051 voted, in 1890 tho number had fallen to 7434, whilo in 1891 less than 6000 exorcised the franchise. It seems that tho women of Massa chusetts labored hard for years to secure the right to go to the polls, and yet in thecourse of three years the number who availed them selves of the new liberty foil from nearly 20,000 to 6000. > At a Christmas entertainment given at St. Louis, U.S.A., tho largo mirror in the music room was sorcened with a doep cornico of holly with berries, forming a resting place for a covoy of searlet birds whicii hovorod abovo the holly, and were reflected in the mirror. The fireplace beneath was banked with southern nines and holly, pink shaded fairy lamps glimmering through thorn. In tho diningroom similar Christmas devices were carried out. Bells were hung from the chandelier, which wns voiled with long sprays of sinilax, on whioh rested a flight of scarlet birds. On tho table itself tho fairy lights were all shaded with pink silk in the form of tulips. Pink roses were tho flowers used in the oentre, sprays of holly being ar ranged in the folds of the pink silk table cover. For somo timo past the little town of Poix, in the north of France, has bocn the soono, at fre quent intervals, of serious fires. That they were tho work of an incendiary was suspected, but tho oulprit escaped detection owing to the fact that no motive could be assigned for his crimes. Tho secret is out at lash It scorns that iu Poix, as in many other small townB in France, tho drink shops aro allowed to remain open all night whenovor an alarm of firo oc curs, tho theory being that the firemen and others who help to put it out need refreshment. This being so, a fireman named Leon Brdraoni, 32 years of age, deliberately sot firo to houses in order that ho might have the privilege of carousing in prohibited hours. Incredible as it may seem that this was his motive, thoro can be little doubt upon tho point, Brdmont having confessed. At Elizabothtown, Ohio, United Statos, the M'Dale family has lived for years in tho most abjeot poverty. Tho mother is past 80, and sho had a son and daughter, each about 50 yoars of ago. The mother and daughter slept together, tho mother being very feeble. On the morning of 10th December a groan from the . mother's room called the son thoro to witnoss a blood-curdling sight. During the night the daughter had been taken mortally ill. In hor despair she caught her aged mother in her arms and pinioned her tight against her breast. At the same time the mother's head had been pulled down under tho covers and partially bont down ward, causing partial Bufl'ocation. Tlie horror of tbo situation caused her to faint, and while thus unconscious tho daughter had died hugging her mothor. Her arms had stiffened in death, and the aged victim was hold as if in a vice. Help was summoned, but it required tho united strength of two men to rcmovo the dead woman's arms and release the mother, who is so law from tho shook and ohoking she received that it ia scarcely possible she oau recover. 