[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. A FATAL. PAST BY DORA RUSSELL,' Author of "F OOTPRNTS .IN T(HE SNow," '1.Tn B]ROI:iN SnEALT," " THE TRAO OFr TIIE STOul?,', " A B13TIa Um'rTnanin'T," &Lc.;, Ec. [AT.T, RIoGTS RESERVED.] CITAPTER XIX.-- RIsr.N Inoat TrTI DADn; Ilady Elhnismore returniel to her house its Grosvenor Place, quite unconscious that she had atilacted any nol;ice except that which she ordilarily received. She had some tea, land then went, up to te llursery to see her boy, and found his fatlher there before her. Lord Tlnismorel indeed absolutely worshipped this beautiful child, who was the pride anl darling of his heart, and the heir to his old name. "You spoil him, Ennismore," sometimes Lady Eosnismore would say with a smile, but she also loved little Pat with an exceeding love, and watched over his welfare with unceasing care. The husband and wifewere to'dineat a Cabinet minister's in the evening, and remlain to a recep tion afterwards, therefore presently Lady Ennis. miore wont to dress, promising as sit did sothat the children should see her before she left, as she was going to wear her diamonds.. A fair, smiling, stately matron sile looked when she descended and went into the small drawing-room " to be admired," as Ennismorc told her, for the two "irls and Pat and Miss Sinclair were all there iwaiting her. She alvays dressed with great. taste, and looked wonderfully handsome with thie glittering circlets round her throatand arms, and lellaming in her hair. " iou look quite beautiful, mother," said Julia Iilnghamn, fixing her shy, soft eyes on, her motler's face. "What a swell you are I" exclaimed Master Pat. 'That tint of velvet is remarkably becoming," said MIiss Sinclair, suppressing a sigh of envy. \Wily had she not been born, she was tlhinking, to wear precious stoneis and rich garments? She would have looked ns handsome as this proud adly, if she had been arrayed asale was, she also rellected. Bliss Sinclair's great hope in life indeed wasto bccome rich. To be poor was abhorrent to her narrow soul, and of Lady Eunismore's seemingly h1appy lot she always felt envious. "Sie has everything," she' often thoughb bitterly; "it is not fair." Then the woman who had "everything" stooped down and kissed her handsome boy, and her two girls, and went away in her well- appointed carriage, witllh tile husbhad who thought she hlad no equal on earth, and whom he most truly loved. She went to be admired and courted filling her position with the gracious, graceful case which was one of her many charms. Men whvllo rarely cared to talk to ordinary women always gathered round Lady Enuismore. Shie never tried to attract attention, hut accepted homage as if it wore her right, and gave in return her raregift of true sweet sympathy, and genuine appreciation of the good qualities of those around her. it was late or0100 sil returned 1ome, and Co next morning :she felt a little weary, and had her breakfast before she rose; her maid bringing up several letters on a salver, whiloh had arrived by the early post, while shie was drinking her tea. Slheglanced at themn carelessly, and left them lying unopened until she had flnishied breakfast. Then sihe began leisurely to look over their con. tents. They were mostly invitations; invitations to thie houses of the great and famous, for Lady Ennismore was universally popular and much sought after in society. At last she raised one written on more common paper than the rest, and was about to leave it unopened, as she thouglhtit was merely some circular, when, some. thing in tie peculiarity of tlie lhand- writing attracted lier attention. She opened it, and the instant after she had done so, her face grow absolutely white. She stared at the lines it contained with eyes dilated with sudden horror and dread, and cold dew broke out on lier pale brow. "It cannot, cannot be," at last she murmured, "after all these years-it is some falaehood, some invention-and yet none knew, none knew !" Tihey were strange words that she had read, which liad driven the blood [rom her face, mnI seemed almost to have stopped the beatings of her heart. Words purporting to have been swritten by one she had deemetd dead for more than twenty years I It seemed imlpossible, yet tlhere in a few cramped lines a tale was told wliieli to her, if true, was bitterer than death. "Dear Katherine," she read again, with shluddering courage, " This letter will, I know, br; a great surprise to you, mid I fear an un relcomle one. It will seem almost to you as it eoe risen from the dead was your correspondent. But the truth is, I did not die when the good ship Eltdymion settled down with her living freight ithebluewatersallhlioselongyearsago. Another younig fellow and I were lucky enoughl to get into tite one boat thlat lived through tCie tremendtlous storm breaking round the ship, anid tafter going tlrouaiih incredible sufferings were picked up by a vessel bound for Adelaide. " lie also was under a cloud, and we agreed to drop our old names and take now ones in the new country. Thus it happened thalt the names of Arthulr Selby and George lRoche appeared among the passengers lost in the sinking of the E'ndy. deion during a gale. The rest of the poor fellows ill tile Iboat succumbed to thie hardships we went through, and we two-Arthur Selby and I-wore the only survivors of all the passengers and crew of ite ill-fated ship. We read our names as those of dead men in 'the English papers long afterwards, and until now I have never made .tny ellbrt to establish my real identity. But things did not prosper with me in Australia; antd the man whose name I was foolish enough ti sign is dead. I was tree therefore to return to England, and came back poor. " 1 am in very low water indeed, Katherlne, and I lhave learned it is exactly opposite with y;e. That you are married to Lord Enmiismore ; tlhtt you have succeeded to all thie wealth of your titnily through your brother's deatlh; and now I am going to ask you what you will do for me? Do not forget my claims, however irksome they may lie to you. A word from me and Lady Etniismore would disappear, and Mlirs. George Roclio appear in her stead. A terrible come down wouldn't it be, to such a grand lady as yourself? I saw you to-day in tile park, and recogrised you, foryou have worn well, whereas I am a broken-down, battered poor devil, with scarcely a coat to my back, or a shilling to bless myself witli. I hear my brother, the Colonel, is still living, but I suppose hlo would cut me dead if I tried to intrude myself in his mighltiness I But oi you I liave a real claim, and you must nlot ignore it. Did thie child live, Katllerine, or did your proud mother wring its neck to save your reputation? She was quite capable of it; a dreadful old woman, but shie, of course, will ihave gone the way of all flesh. Fix a place to meet me, adRl keod your secret it you lile, if you will ynay fr it; ~lherwiso I shall prove a nasty customnl., Wbatshall I sign myself1 Itdepends on you. " GEORGE itOCHT" Every word of this hatoful letter stabbed Lad?. Ennistnore's heart sharper than a two-edged sword. Could it indeed be written by tlhe hand sonme youn" man whlom sihe had believed had lain iin Ils restless sin grave so long? She remem. bcred iitn so well--lie, wliho in her childlsh folly for shoe was but sixteen at the time-she had believed sle hlad loved, and whom she had secretly wedded. It was a sad and degrading story; a story that eone knew rightly but the two principally con. nected withl it, and Kathorine MIalden's maid, Lorimer, for Mrs. Malden, lier mother, had never Rcutually known that her daughter had married George Roclie. Th'ley dare not tell her, for to raise money to court tle supposed rich young girl, George Roclo in a imoment of madness latl forged tile name o onee of tie ollicers of his brother's battery. The lorgery was discovird, and George Hoche itad to fly tle country to save liimseTf fron beinl arrested. His brothler, tien Captai, now Colonel thoche, though iltterly indignant at hs co nduct, Itad Ilelped him to do tllint partly for his own ake, uandR wlhein tlm onutard bound shi that he h]ad embarked ins foundered at sea, ind George loche's Iname appeared among the parsselngera v'o were lost Captain Roche conveyed the intelligence to Brackentford. It .wa's such a terrible Ilow to Katlhorins Ialden, that for a time her reason h was alniost lespaired of, and her polud imother standilg by tile unharppy young creature theard lier utter words tlat tilled lier own heart with absolute consternation. Only Lorimer kcnewr the truth that tile forsaken girl was about to become a lnolier tlhat slie and tlie reckless good-for. ,lotllin tlat slte liad suppose ll sie lIad loved, liad, l er ecrely marrield at i quliet out-of- thlo. wiay clhurchl, when tile rfamily were last in town. ?Ii ier agony KIatlicrinte inow eonl(ted tiini to Captain ll oclc, nnd lie did all Ie couln to save lier lroln lier lOthller's anger. Hlie lpersualdedr Mrs. Malden that a change woulda Ihe good for Katlierine i tlat slie woull soon Io ietter if slie were iaway from tle scenes wllere slite hiad inct illis unforttuiate brother, for it was while Captain Ioclieo liad Iteen stationed at .ynwowod tlat Georgeo Itoche Iliad become ac quainited with IKatlerino Maldeni wltile staying with his brother at tle barracks. At last ttr's. ilatlen consented that her dlaughter sioultd go abroad for awviile, and K]atllerine proceeded to Paris, accomlpaniedl only bty Miargaret DI)run mond, the Vicar of Bracken lard's eldest dauglter, and Lorimer, hlier maid. tiargaret Drutnitond lntew by this timle the ?secret of Ial.tlerite's lihdlen mrarriage, arlnd kcept it iitllullyJ duiritg tile years of their lotng friend. hil, A child was beornu to KIatlierie In Paris, tIithe 's ldoM n nor Nornau iMaiden, lier bIrotliher ever kneow of its existence. Captaini laoclie did, ard at lKhtrerlme's tearrful, prassisonate enltrcltilCs, lIe adopted tile boy, anid tire youmn; lldl llcr iar it nIr) nre. Site returllere to Is Etiglauti itliltli Margral, '])r.umnrondr1, aldt at eCigltle ei wnit iaarried to Lordl ruismnoro. ThIe riodl-looiiug eIrhlinhat fell in love willi lier at at country lihi , aid lIer motlLhr insisell d on t1o mll at Katlcrine hlad not lovetd her 0n- iand wrcn eslo narrerd hIimr but tdurint (I1h loeg years of ireir ,eddlcd lifo he hail completetly won her, i'tOh"oc.? clrikihig crvent lits er lilfo 'iwas thli 1aiidd eStis a lrer osly brothler, Nornman, s This 11pret abolt a year after ler own mlarrlage,' "- tha shobtk aid mysterious circumustances attenling It broke his mother'e heart. Thus Lady I nlnsmore inherited all the great wealth of the family, including the estate of Bracken fort, and the coal and Iron mines which were poart of her father's large property, "hA.ud now Katherine Ennlomore's early oally lhad come back to her face to fac. If George Rocle really lived It meant unatterable degra dation and shame, not only to herself-and the. poor wonmanU moaned allnt wrong ier haods in t.le angulsl, of the tlhoughtlt-not only to herself, bul; to the lhulhand of hler love, to iher childreu, to lher boy I If this early ollrriage hold good, her second mlarriage wIas void, and the little heir of lnnllisuiore had lno righil to inherit his father's nlaml. Agail tIle nullapply'lady iioaliddl, and tlhen a thlought suddenly flaShlea through This misuerable letter, hearing such dreadful coinseqelloces in its train, light not really lie froml George lioclhe, bill; I'on thlle eoInpanion il;stleld l iad leeu sanvedl with Iln at tlhe tie of tile shiliwreck. George Rocheo uight be dead, and for the purpose of obtainining money this other iau inigulht lie assunlillg lhis ilamle. " It is beost to see him," at last resolved Lady Eu(lisslllomre; " whoever lie s lie lmust be boullght oil'; Ihlis; hateful seccret lust never reach Enllis 11or' r ears." Sihe sat down, tlherefore, witlh a white face and trelmbhling hands to hocr writing table, and wrote a few lines to thle address the letter contained. It was to a lodging-llouse ill all obscure street near Victoria Sl(atiou, and stated tlhe simple nI1Iu0 of GCOl'ge .loi,,nson woull ud hlim ,s lie had horoe tlis while ill Autrrlia. This informn aLion0 was added as a poslscript,aevidently for the pnurpose olf obtaliin( a reply. "I have receivec, your letter, wrote Lady Eninismnore, " but decline to believe youir story witholut Iuh- evidelcee of ilny own senses. If, lhowever, you will go at four o'clock to-llorrowr aftrleljlooa o tohe lhouse of ritos. Twiss, in Bluclt ilghlnl allce-rd., who keeps a shop for second. 1l0(1 clothing, I will lie tlhere.-K. E." She drove out aund posted thlis letter wilh her own hIlands, and th1 .len wit a sinkhing helrt pro ceeded to Buckiligllham Palace-rd., and v as received 'there wicll grellt delight hy her old ,lahlid L,orimer, now, MrI's Tw'iss. ' Thelre was (noll hig ilnnsual in her going to Mrs. T'wiss, for shlle rarely was in Itownl without seeilg Ier", and M'rs. Twist had gooLd cLIuse llIways to 'onelulber heir viil:s wvits, gratitlude 'and saltisflctionl. 1Mr. T'wisswlas luckily outl wllen she arrived at tihe Lldy's 'Wardrole, as LMrs. Twiss desig nal.ed( l her estlalilallent , bill; t1hiat stout good lookilng wolillanl herself wals sittingl darnilg MLr. Tvwis's stockings ehllind one of her counters when tlhe carriago drove up, and with inl ex clailnaliou of pleasulre Lrs. 'wiss threw down her work and hurried to the shop door to receive La'dy Elullisiore. O" OI! Your ladyshill, this is a pleasure r. she saidl. ", kniow you were in town, for 'Twiss was plassing o1ne evening doeani Grosvenor Place, anid lie said tlhe lhouse was lighted up." " We lave only been up a short tlme," answeredl Lady Eilnsmlore in so fahllt ald low a voice ithlt IMrs. Twias at once looked at her face ill great alxiety, and .saw she was extremilely "'ln afraid your ladyship isn't, very. well" asked MIrs. Twiss. " L've not been very well lately," answered Lady Ennisllore, still in that changed voice. "1Lorilner', I wanllt to speak toyou; call we go upsl.airls ?' "To be sure, your ladyahllp; thie dravwing rooll's qllite elupty, for mly lodger has.gooe, and I've not. nlct with iallother yet likely to auit." Thl'll Lady Eunisienore went upstairs, and her old serovIll followed her ilto a roonfiof faded prelelltionsl. T'hat is nothling in it seemeld over to Ilhave been new. The carpet was colourless, the curtainls looiked the wrecks of thlelmselves 'd11 even tile chairs had tile appearacllee is it they hlad eenl sat oil too long, and would sink ulnder further burdens. Bu11t Lady Ennlllislore nlever 'looked round. With evident ellotion shle caught lcrs. Twiss's halnd lnd gaspecd out a few \vorils. " lioreilr, I've Ilnd a great shock," she said. " Oh! your ladyship, I hops notIl ,Vhy yol're all a trellble; please sit dowe,"answered Lorimer, drawnig foiward one of thle weak lookhig chlairs. "Al dreadful thing rlaI happened," wnt lon Lady ]:nnismiore; "so dreadfull it will kill. me. I think it is true, Loriler, I had a lettoer this morning." "i's, ? ily lady." "A letter l Ohi , I can scarcely tell you l A leller eligiled bly a nlme I never thoughlt to see agaill on elrthl silgned . by a i(alme of O0e we lire t.holloghL lollng.(lead, Lorilllr--i is aforgery, I belie\e--hnt still-butL still----" " Long ldead " repealed Lorimler, in conster nation. "Surely not----" " eaorge Rtoche," said Lady Ennismore. in a lerrifid o'hisperl', whlile a shudder ran through laer frlame; and as LorlIiler listened site, too, llr:e recly plel, tald Ilegalo to tremble, forshe rIclneiheredl It tllis nlotine how her husbabnd had induced her to tell him Lady Elnismore's) secrelt. "It cannot be true, surelyl" faltered Lorimer. "I saw hlis deatll in the paper witlh my own eyes \--wilco-- She dare not speak of the tile; the time when her youllg inal,ross lay stricken nigh unto death whlen Ca0ptain Roclle hiad gone to -rackenford wit tile 0news of li Is rothler's fate, and only Katherine anld Lorimer knew of the band that had bound Katherine to the supposed dead W"nhoever wrote this letter," went on Lady Ennislllore, ill strong excitemlentl, "must halve Iklovn --have known-l-what I was to hin ; but read it, Lorimer, anld tell Ile what you think." Mrs. Twiss put; on her glasses to decipler the letter which Lady Eunismoreo anded to her, and as site did so an indignant expression passed over haer honest face. "Whoover wrote it is ai coundrel anyhow, your ladyship !" she exclaimed. "I can't believe the poor young gentleman cotlcl have written it." "No, I cannot believe it," said Lady Ennis. more, eagerly. "You see ho says two were slave. d. crr114ps it is thle other-lie Ilay'have forged George Roe0h0's 1(unol" "To be sure lie inighll, i they wore all alone on the sea lookling for leath no donht poor Mr. George mlight have told about-whab had hap.. peanel before he left his nativeland." " Yes, and tilhe man ilntl t to trade onl tiis dreadful secret. Lorimer, what shall we dol Lord llllunisluore Ilust never know; we must buy hli sileeO". "" " TI should lknow Mr.' George again I I:hink," 0aid Leriloeli slowly. " Shall I see this person, lily lldy, and hear what lie has got to say '" " S1 lhave written to hill to colUe heoe-lils is a copy of whalt I wrotie-yes, you see hliln first, Loriier; b1ut I will be lher too--Ohil, LorIliue,"if it should be t;ru I' "I canll't believe it, your ladyship ; bub-is the hiand writing of the letter ally guide 1" " Lady Ennlisnore shook her head. " 'Is so lollg since'," she said, " I cannot re. mllelmber-it sleenluel aill deaid aunl golne, LorinIer. ullntil ltely--untllil I met Colonel Roelle, and lie told nie albout- -rancis."' ' Well, lie's a fine young: genlleman, at a01 rate your ladyship." , -'L Yes it wa's very stranlge, billt ' frield of his broulght; hin lip to our box ait onie of the tlheatres and iltroducedhihn to us the nighlt after lie had been lere, anld Lord Enunisntore asked hin to visit; us at Brackenford." "iThen lyou've seen Ilim again, ?ny ladyl" " Yes mlore Lllli alicer ," anld LLdlv PIlnllnslore gave a restless sigh. "Poor fellow, he little "'.lhen hehas nb ideal" "Noie, nonle--0ol-oel Rochel, told hn hlis nlolher was a l'reuellhlwvonllin5110 h sied atl hlis hhIlL--if there is Oly tIruth ill tllis dribdful letter, 1 had better Ilaved edl, Lorimer!" ..I " OhI! lly ladyl pidon't toalkut. ll1. s,?y W 'Y e must just try to .mai0kellcl t best of it. Let me see, it four o'clock to-lior?ow, l0hen, Will youhbe "I will come lialf- an-lhour earlle L:w0ll see illmii uilseenl first, Lorhaner--as I sa Francis. Oh I Idread itso.".. :,.; , "It lnlay .ijusl bhe soifeone tI ,ilig 1?0?i im? orb on yol, niy lyad, so 'on miut Icet Ul your Iart. "wvill llo--dgel0 yoilr usbanld out; of tlhenw, Lorilr, i bywllr a e oclc-laud 1ifa I nmlst gov Tlhen Lw idyLnnllisnior slas drlve:aclr bito 1ier uSXlr'iouso olatrc, to speud. lours, alli. hOU1rIseDo suel terribleasl.iooi tlitit todeseribe it i1 in 1rd: vil're V11lU. Tie coinig iluoetilg ii10nt1 e vei:y.: 1,1heum to ie, alild yet sile bad tohide lhbls 1ron0 her folnd Iuibnhld'seys • d ". . COIAPTEIt XX.M-n r 1 ,TwIss .Llsv(.o,,' Titrs. 'wlnso has I very deroted wife eason loved llr. 'l'oiss ill 0 dslgil t hiinlinel conidtering Ill persoll~l attractions. Yet eoVeli Mr1 bolwss mfelt ler mean.lookniic little slouse to: be ih theo buy on tle afterlloon of Lady orlnlllSlsohe's I1re-. Ihosed visat. Sei trled to iodsico hrio, tiiirefoior, to go to some place of alnustle;enfat, ad playfully )It; a hal lsor his.cr iwn 1111 i eager so uhd (forI Tolnlly dearly loved Ilotley), alanId urged hh to go out ilud enljoy hlinself;' . .-..' ' Tonl'my look. the iislf-sovereagno hiu( dId not eieeln il a liurry to.lIervo Idi Lay lsiardroohe,: lIe begau to l susplct .illndeedl ha lone:l's. Tloiasn walnl;cd Iin-it tfor so0oe reason of hier awti to looen tile hlouodo, ahd 11s 11nilde 111n0 'ery ssUllcious.o ,.:latsst"lo did 1go, b1t only rou1nd0ltlhe eorler of 'tleio"nexl il'eot, slhlele'lli hooldkbdep lis eye o01 ll0 Lslys Wat'd 'obc, and after waitilngn short thu lie Toas cec (artdedhiy seehlg a noa0nsom dorlo up0 tlledool;, fros~wliichu Lady losniisunore 'deede d.:' • h'ills cireulnistaico ilone; tlilefact .thi Lady ElMihasiire:i ai d1iil eii a. ut ilnsoI tleresa?l Tonnlu y' sswpicionls.: Lady Elsllsnofo rilways weles t illre'1n1uhirl own lco'rriagc, so whys should 1le goill a hallOolo lnos, 'Ioisoniy reflected, and. lie fllt'e?ilotiiudecd i? lin'b W0 ii myster'y about; it. lie Ilierefbre approaebied his owsn doorca little n(ce~l';r but;' ·iviilted quito 'hlalflan-hour before nlIvolO else entered, the Lady's WVlrdrobe., . 'Jhleii, ai fall.'5iliah"nyan(, Wllu ho hd once b'een good- looking,.b ut.wai good:looking 1o lollgr; a (((illl woi'uII andli.,: wathr- hestenl, c(0n0 sloushhllg ((lolIg tIle slreet,'loolhilg at eocli door-way 11 ho ]i ose l, 11lld ovhen' lie blercived the old flncry oalnllgigb lehlhllinad bi's, Ti'iSsI' wvilndows' lie stollped sill'It alid'glsncclt at the name asiovo tlio shop. .T'ljls scloulre to satisfy Ililn, for le at onceo sVullI 51 tIle riised steps froni tle stret, anlld enelled ati tthe door and thus disappoired fronl 'lAnlil~|rigne, I slppeoC," thoughtrn sommny "Milirtlbi shuulht no0 encourage such thiligs" (Llarudthls-.wo's LIro. T'I'ss's 'hrlh'stiannime) "arll ye'perllaps tlhy ply, hut she shlould hlavo conahuted mc--butl smonen aro foulo trltks.'" _. In the mleanwhile let; us follow the tall, t weather-beaton, world-beaten stranger intoMre. a Twilse' presence. This worthy womanu was standing behil liser counter watching for him, and role gave a slight start., and bit ster under a lip as he crossed her threshold. He glanced round quickly as he didso, and a then adidresscd MIrs. Twiss. "I came here to Cmeet a lady?" hI said, in. quiringly, looking at the comely stout visage r heforoesim. eut tihe next msomeent his expres- I iou llhanged. E "WWhy, Lorimer, old girl, is it: actually youl 1 This is is surprise, and yet I might have Iloown I KIatherine would cone to youe about anytlhing concerning me if you were still in the land of tihe living. Well, lhows are you? But I need not ask ; why, womano you are six times the size t yos wclre.'. " I do not quite understand what you are talk ing about, sir'" answered MNrs. Twiss, in a reserved and somewhat faltering tone. The lstrmnger upon this winked one o1 his bloodshlot eyes. "Oh yes,.you do now," he said ; " you lnder stood very well lho I am, and all aout it. I i amt George Roche, wvhomt you Icnewlonlg ago, and who was supposed to end his mortal career in tie deep secs. Ald yout know I have written to l'atlmerine Malden, your old mistress, now called Lady Ennismoro, to tell her I have cast nup ag'in, and l've no doubt she is waiting for me 1 here." - Mrs. Twins llesitated for a moment, and then 1 site said coldly enough, "Perlhaps you will walk upstairs into the drawing-roomn, sir, and I'11 see .i any. lady is here." Tihe stranger gave a harsh laugh.I "You women are flle actrcsses'- lie saId; "well, lead tihe way, Lorimor, and Ill follow." Mrs. T wiss accord inglylead thewayupthestair. case to the drawing-room, and having requested I the visitor totakeaseat,she descended again and i went behind one of the rows of old gowns hang ing on a cord across the shop, behind whichx Lady Ennlisnore was standing with a face so ( ghastly, so iorror-stricken, that the poor womlan gave a Irind of a cry, anldran- forward and tools one of Lady Ennismore's cold hands in her own. - Oh Ic my poor lady," she whispered, "I fear it's but too trie, " "It is true," answered Lady Ennismore, in a hoarse ch]nged voice, " it is George Roche -Lorimler what sihall we do?"' " He seems'in a poor way ; no doubt we can bribe ,him," said Loriner, astill in a whisper, ' there is nothing else foreit, mylady." " But to see him, to speak to him again I" mut tered Lady linoismore, wlth a gesture of utter aversion. "It;is too dreadful, too dreadful I' . "Did you bring any money, my lady?" asked Lorimer . "Yes, I have two hundred pounds in notes." "I would jhst give them to lim, and geot rid,of hiim; and agree to give him a small yeartly sum," advised Lorimner, and I daresay he.will. be. satisfied." Lady Ennlsmore gave a low moan, as If of anguish. " I shall never have another happy hour,". she saitd. "'"Try to make the best of it, my lady; .he daren't say muchl, you know, because--of that affair about the young officer's tonoy long ago." . "Yes, lie is a felon," answered Lady Ennis more, bitterly. "But come, do not let us waste time-come with me, Lorimer." She grasped.her old servant's hand as if for support, and , together the two white-faced, bronbling women went slowly up the stairs, and. into the presence of the man who was waiting for them. His haggard face flushed a little-as they entered, but still with an air of bravado lhe held out his hand to Lady Ennismore. ," Well, Katherine," he said, "after long years' we iteet again." But Lady Euaismore shrank from his touch, fixing her eyes with a sort of shrinking horror ott his face. "You know me again, I supposo]" inquired the man, with a short, harsh laugh. "I am only tile ghost of my former self, it's true, but still there's enough of me left to recognise, isn't there r' " Yes, said Lady Ennismors, forcing herself to asoak, " you are George Roche." "-our most humble servant to command I Well, Katherine, you scent to have gone up in tihe world at the same rate I have gone down in It-but still the past is the past.' "'I believed you dead," said Lady Ennismore, In a trembling and broken voice; " to me yoeu are dead, but still for the sake of old times I ant ready to help you." "1 ant much obliged to you," scoffed Roche; " for tie sake of holdiug''my tongue, I suppose laout a certain'little ceremony, a perfeetly legal ino, too, -mind ye, which took place long ago, and of which nly friend Lorimer hlere.was wit ness." "You had best not speak of it, sir," said Lorimer quickily; "my lady is williug and able to help you, but yoe'd best let the past alone, or other ugly stories might come up, which would be rather awkward." Roche gave a sort of mocking bow. "Titanic you for reminding me, Lorimer, of my stupid little mistake, but no harm can come to nme from that now; the man Colonel Daubeny is dead, and I don't suppose oven if he had been alive lie would have been vindiotive enough to rake up old scores."' "Still, sir, you nmust see it's best to let the past alone; niy ladywas onlya child in those days, and I thinsk with shame now that I acted as i did. Lady Entnismorewill, Iam sure, allow von a small sum a year, on the condition that the past has never again to be mentioned between you," answered Lorimer, who was a womlan of business, and know how to make a bargain. Rocihe gave a harsh laugh In reply. "A small unt a year I" ie said contemptuously: "that won't content me, my good Lorimer. I want a big sum a year for giving up so much." " You had better name your price," said Lady Ennismore with great bitterness. "" One wants a long price for the loss of a wife and half of a big fortune, Katherine. However, -I'll be moderate. Will you give me a lump sum down of five hundred potunds, and agree to allow ite two thousand yearly !" '"I cannot," answeredl Katllerine Ennismoro with quivering lips. "I could not allow you such a sun without Lord Eusmismoro's knowledge, and he--=" ''Well, what would he dot" He would.make no bargain with you a all I 'Ie is incapable of acting as I am doing now-of buyitng your'silence:." .,' lat's all.very fine," grumbled Roche, "but perhaps, though lie is such a grandgentleman, lie would not like to lose either you or your for. tuite without a. struggle; and you've children, too, haven't you, Katherine" . * "Yes I" and then Lady Ennismoroe suddenly broke .down,"and fell sobbing on a couch that was standing near; .' for their'sakes I should die before this should be known. I-I would, kill myself I" "You oughtt to be ashamed of yourself, sir,', said Mis. Twiss, indignantly, "to act as. ''our'e doing. "Yon induced a child long ago to eohintit'a great folly, and then forsook her at her timse of need.':: And now, aftei' all these years. i ounvo csme back to try to talce advantage of yosro disgracoful'conduct. Doi't'cry, iy dear lady; gire' -him the ready money lthat you've brought, and lethhim talk- reason about tie yearly allowance. , Two Inmndred in too nunei; bit pei'maps youswould give that 1" :- '!I will ?ive you five, hundred a yeatS" said Lody.onnsimsoors, in'.avoice brolcen with soabe, on the `condittlon'that y oau 'kdep absolutt silence about theo past, and that ydou keep your pr esemit iname of Johnsons aid drop that of ocie for ever.: And I have hrought two hun dmi rdwnith me, in-notes,'and will give you these on the soice collditiens. 'It's too little, .atlherine," said Rochle, who felt rathser riashallumed of himself under the re sroacheso of lirs. Twiss and t.he sight of loatlerie 's tears. ',. I didn't moan to forsaltke ye lonbg ago, asn.you knowmvery well, but that cursed buiiness'ct the barracks forced me to'fly, asi theseri was'no shelp for it.': "Let it all b forgotten," said LadyEnnismore, still in tllhat tear-choked voice. "As I said befoire, ou;arie' dead to me,; and-for thie sake of iny dear husband and children only I am acting as I- iia doine to-day. , I will give you the sum M:"Ilao:ita athousand a:3ear, and I'll take it, andl hld;my toigue, And as for the name of Rechl, wcurse it, it nlever bhaught'me ornyluce istll now, aind i'mready enoughc to drop -it. for. good. So let uns trike a bargain-give me, the two hhmidrd moiv, aumd pay a quarterly incomise f a thousand a year into solne baa wse cas fix oe to tie ineio of George.Johnson,and I'll promise. not to .intderfoe oitmer weith;u ,ou" 'ei Lord Lnnsmmlord--but I won't take blass' . :'" V" ery woll, You1 shllma; h]ave :It.'-. Loaimor will arralge alout the banik ltlst you, ad I will' give lier time nlnb:to ,any'in' to your ac?ountr tie' inti this, Lorlmer,- alid Lady Emnnrlemorn dre' out- ntroe lof notes from her.carrageol bag; h and--amid awe wahll yous go." - ma." ."a us.. "Bict I:muist huave It in black asid wliieto" : "Do yoU doubt n wordLad: sald Lad'y Ennlo. Lorc, raising her' head indignmanctly. e .~I. agreo to pay it to you. B-itt ome; snoylade, thlatios ndtlbusluess," said: f0ho roughly emmougii:for Lady: Ennismoe're'. haughty mautnireirritated limits "suplpose yoit wereoto kicl the bucket hcfordI do, whmat-thtoui' I-.mustt'liave'a Written':oagrceniemt, signed .hy. your hlanld,'andl a stalssoied agreemnomit too, that ome account of c'eepinslg somie fausly secrets I lhav to hlaod an 'olldwanaeto o[f thmousenad 'a year for life to boilsad.oy~you or your executors, or hlelrs. will draw time sgreemaunt up, wil yost sign Itn" i"Yes," said Lady Eunismiore, and a shmuddon of shrlmliklnig aversion piassedu thsroughai lier framue, and slit tiuntedisaWay her Ihmnieada If tIme sight of this 'fallen!and-:dogreded mast- sore hateful to "We've eel-them1 itvlIhen; tlmanks,.old girl, oe ha'ndlhig tliO'moumyii, " (thim was addressed to Sirk. Twlso, waol".had:placed time roll of imotes in mis Iinmd)..-" \tlrsl,I:ttbherinle, we imlade a bad buMi. hmess of it long ago, cs a helm omi- secomid brigain n tey vdd, b et te r . . 1.,y t h e e-hye , w ha t s ho u t ti- s child, did your ntothler strangle it as I tuggested in umy lotter?.;, "It ih dead," siold Lody Easulsmiso in alslow for- ced totte, sad aea:in she sohmuddlsered.. "We hail better hart siowy" she m added nlld shte rose. "Good-bye, then,' and HocIme hold out his hilnd, but L:uly Eunnhldnomre drew mackc. '" \hal', nut slhakolthismids Comise, Icnll thatrool; wsll, smever umind, I cams do wlthioutit. I will calloem Lorimor here to-morrow, aud' bring the agree nmest ready to bo slgned, nand shO c.n trn,'nCt the business etween us, as we knllow how trosty she was long ago, eh KaIherine 4 Good-by'enld girl,' he added, holdingl out his Iannd to 'Ilro. ¶nnissqwho took it from mnotiws of prudolence ; and then In his slouching way Rechetrmoved to the room door and opened it, just a moohment ofter lr. Twiss, who had been listening outside with his car to the keyhole, had time to escape. Mir. Twiss had indeed conceived it his duty to nee what wans going on under his roof. and had followednl Ioche into the lady's wardrobe, and stolen upstairs to the drawing- room door while the interview between Lady Ennismioro and Rocho was going on, and from what lhe over heard he considered lie had come into what he calleda "good thing." He iled as Roche optnedI the drawing-room door to the upper.regions of the house, and listened while.Roche descended tine staircase, and the next minute loud and hysterical sobs fell on his cars. ,'"He, he," chuckled Mnhr. Twiss, "my lady doesn't like parting with her money seemingly." Ill the meanwhile the unhappy woman in tle drawing-room . hud broken down in an utter paroxysm of shanme, almost of despair. "I. must ahavbeenu mad, onnd Lorimer I" she cried. "A wretch like that-a low, sordid wretch-and now my dear ones at homel Oh, my God, if le should injure them I" Hush, hush, my lady,"said Lorimer, '"he'll holdhis tongue for tine money, no fear of him; that sort would sell their souls if they'd got them to dispose of." ('o be continuedl.) 