THE WHITE SHE-WOLF. By Gilbert Campbell. 44 Quite well, dear papa," answered the child; "but where is the fine white wolf-skin that you promised me." "Tour father did not find Ler," answered . . « l ' I 1 1 I .1 m (I t V. n «««h , A A « A1 C ravina, witn a aiue laugu , wu.io »uu was not so easy to catch as he fancied. Alexis had moved a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word Bhe uttered. 44 Are white wolves so difficult to kill, then r asked he. "It seems so, my little man, returned the lady, 44 since your father and all the serfs of Kostopchin were unable to do so." 44 1 have got a pistol that good old Miclial has taught me to fire, and I am sure I could kill her if ever I got a sight of her,' observed Alexis, boldly. . 44 There's a brave boy," returned llavma with one of her shrill laughs ; 44 and now, won't \- you come and sit on iny knee, for I am very fond of little boys ?" . 44 No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a moment's consideration, "for Michal »» says- „ 44 Go to your room, you insolent young brat, broke in his father, in a voice of thunder ; 44 you Bpend so much of your time with Michal and the serfs that you have learned all their boorish habits," Two tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks as in obedience to his father's orders he turned about and quitted the room, while Ravina darted a strange look of dislike after him, As sjjpn, however, as the door had closed, the fair woman addressed Katrina. 44 Well, perhaps you will not be so unkind to me as your brother," said she ; 44 come to me," and as she spoke she held out her arms. The little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to sinoothe the Bilken tresses which were coiled and wreathed around Ravina's head. 44 Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; 44 beauti ful lady." 44 You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once," remarked Ravina. 44 She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; " you have quite obtained possession of her heart." 44 Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, crept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Ravina remained silent for a few moments, and then the woman broke the silence. 44 All that remains for me now, Paul Serge vitch, is to trespass on your hospitality, and to ask you to lend me some disguise, and assist me to gain the nearest post-town, which, I think is Vitroski.'' 44 And why should you wish to leave this at all ?" demanded Paul, n deep flush rising to his cheek; 44 you are perfectly safe in my house, and if 3'ou attempt to leave Kostopchin, you will inevitably fall into the hands of the police." " And Paul Sergevitch will tell them where iliey can find me ?" questioned Ravina, with an v ironical inflection in the tone of her voice. 44 1 never thought — that is "stammered the man. 44 No, you never thought that I could read you so plainly." pursued the woman, pitilessly : 44 but it is the truth that I have told you, and sooner than remain an inmate o? your house, I would leave it, even if all the police of Russia stood ready to arrest me on its very thres hold." 41 Stay, Ravina," exclaimed Paul, as the woman made a step towards the door ; I do not say whether your reading of my thoughts is right or wrong, but before you leave, listen to me. I tell you plainly that from the first mo ment that I Bet eyes on you, a strange new feeling has risen up in my heart — not the cold thing that society calls love, but a burning, resistless flood which flows down like molten lava from the volcano's crater. Stay Ravina, be my wife — you are safe enough from all pur suit here." 44 And does Paul Sergevitch actually mean to" offer his hand to a woman whose name he does not even know, and of whose feelings toward him he is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, with her customary mocking laugh. 44 What do I care for name or birth ?" re turned he, hotly ; 44 I have enough for both, and as for love, my passion would soon kindle some sparks of it in your breast, cold and frozen as it may now be." 44 Let me think a little," said Ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried her face in her hands and seemed plunged in deep reflection ; 44 listen," she said, at last ; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, upon certain conditions, I will consent to be come your wife. At the present moment, I have no inclination for you, but, on the other hand, I feel no repugnance for you. I will re main here a month, and during that time I will remain in a suite of apartments which you will have prepared for me. Every evening I will visit you here for two hours, and upon your making yourself agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend. " 4: And suppose that decision should be an un favorable one 1" asked Paul. 44 Then," answered Ravina, with a ringing laugh, "I shall, as you say, leave this and take your heart with me." " These are hard conditions," remarked Paul ; 44 why not shorten the time of proba tion ?" 44 My conditions are unalterable," answered Ravina, with a little stamp of the foot ; 44 do you agree to them or not ? ' 44 1 have no alternative," answered he, sul- lenlv. The days slipped slowly and wearily away, but Ravina showed no signs of relenting. Every evening, according to her bond she spent two hours with Paul and made herself most agreeable, listening to his far fetched compli ments and asseverations of love and tenderness either with a cold smile or with one of her mocking laughs. She refused to allow Paul to visit her in her own apartments, and tfie only intruder she permitted there, save the servants was little Katrina, who had taken a strange fancy to the fair woman. Alexis, on the con trary, avoided her as much as he possibly could and the pair hardly ever met. Meanwhile, curious rumors began to be circu lated regarding the strange proceedings of the lady who occupied the suite of apartments which had formerly belonged to the wife of the owner of Kostopchin. The servants declared that the food sent up, though hacked about and cut up, was never tasted, but that t'.e raw meat in the larder was frequently missing. Strange sounds were often heard to issue from the rooms as the panic-stricken serfs hurried past the corridor upon which the doors opened, and dwellers in the house were frequently dis turbed by the howlings of wolves, the footprints of which were distinctly visible the next morn ing, and, curiously enough, invariably in the gardens facing the west side of the house in which the lady dwelt. Little Alexis, who found no encouragement to sit with his father, was naturally thrown a great deal among the serfs, and heard the subject dis cussed with many exaggerations. One of his most treasured possessions was on old brass mounted cavalry pistol, a present from Michal ; this he had learned to load, and by using both hands to the cumbrous weapon, could contrive to fire it off, as many an ill-starred sparrow could attest. With his mind constantly dwel ling upon the terrible tales he had so greedily listened to, the pistol beoame his daily compan ion, whether he was wandering along the corridors of the house or wandering through the Hg'r4 ahwdtben— of the garden. For a fortnight matters went on h this manner, Paul becoming more and more in fatuated by the charms of this strange woman. To satisfy a -whim of hers, he had even dis missed old Michal from his office and forbidden him to approach the house. But the faithful old servant, whose love for the children was stronger than his fear of punishment, took to wander at night about tlie exterior of the great white houee, urged on by some feeling for which he could in no wise account. One evening, as Michal was making his accustomed tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his ear„ He bent down Ins head and eagerly listened ; again he heard the faint sounds, nnd in them he recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to one of the ground floor windows in Ravina's apartment, from which a dim light streamed, j he pressed his face against the pane and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to his gaze. By the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched upon the ground ; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had "been tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to bo clothed in some white and shaggy covering. Katrina lay peifectly motionless, and the hands of the figure were engaged in hastily removing the garments from the child's breast. The task was soon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the head of the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from his breast spraug boldly into the room. The creature sprang to itB feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling from its head and shoulders, 5 disclosed the pallid features of Ravina, a short, broad knife in her hand, and the lips discolored with blood. 44 Vile sorceres I" cried Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in his arms ; 44 what hellish work are you about ?" Ravina's eyes gleaund fiercely upon the old man, who had Interfered between her and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when she caught sight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, for he was busily engaged in examining the fainting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was a wound over the left breast from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon as he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to the woman, who was crouching before the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. 44 1 am going to remove the child," said he slowly, 44 dare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you know what will happen then 1 Why every peasant in the place will hurry here with a lighted brand in his hand to consume i his accursed house and the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and I leave you to your unhallowed work. I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch who has given himself over to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to liioi as if she had scarcely comprehended liim ; but, as tlia old man re treated to the window with his helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; and as he turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, he saw the woman's pale face and blood-stained lips glued against an unbroken -pane, with a wild look of unsatisfied appetite in her eyes. Next morning the house of Kostopchin was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heart, had disappeared, and no signs of her could be discovered. Every effort was made ; the woods and fields in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searched ; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the child for the sake of the ran som that they might be able to extract from the father. The day upon which all search had ceased Ravina glided into the room where she knew that she would find Paul awaiting her. She was fully an hour before her usual time, and the Lord of Kostopchin started to his feet in sur prise. 44 You are surprised to see me," said she ; 44 but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes. I am convinced that you love me, and could 1 but relieve a few of the objec tions that my heart continues to raise, I might be yours." 44 Tell me what these scruples are," cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his ; 44 and be sure that I will find means to overcome them." 44 Listen," said she, as she withdrew her hand. 44 1 will take two more hours for consi deration. By that time the whole of the house of Kostopchin will be cradled in slumber ; then meet me at the old sun-dial near the yew-tree, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you my reply." 44 But why not come back here ?" urged he ; 41 there is a hard frost to-night and — " 44 Are you so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, 44 to dread the changes of the weather V But not another word; I have spoken." She glided from the room, but uttered a low cry of rage. She almost fell over Alexis in the corridor. 4 Why is that brat not in bed ?" she cried, angrily. 44 Go to your room, boy," exclaimed the father, harshly, and the child then slunk away. Paul Sergevitch paced up and down the room for the two hours that he had to pass before the hour of meeting. His heart was very heavy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began to creep over him. Twenty times he made up his mind not to keep his appointment, and as often the fasciuations of the fair woman com pelled him to rescind his resolution. Now and again he glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck the quarter, warned him that he had little time to lose, if he intended to keep his appointment. Throwing 011 a heavily furred coat and pul ling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he opened a side door and sallied out into the grounds. The dark shape of the yew-tree soon rose up before liim, and in another moment he stood beside its dusky boughs. The old gray sun dial stood only a few pac- s off, and by its _ side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a white, fleecy- looking cloak. It was perfectly motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve and rauBcle of Paul Sergevitch 's body. 44 Ravina!" said lie, in faltering accents. 44 Ravina !" 44 Did you take me for a ghost ?" answered the fair woman, with her shrill laugh ; 44 no, no, I have not come to that yet. W-.-ll, Paul Sergevitch, 1 have come to give you toy ai-s ver ; are you anxious about it 1" 44 How can you ask me such a question ?" returned he ; 44 do not keep me any longer in suspense. Is it 4 yes,' or 4 no ' ?" "Paul Sergevitch," answered the strange woman, coming up to him and laying her hands upon his shoulders and fixing her eyes upon his with that strange expression before which he always quailed ; 44 do you really love me, Paul Sergevitch ?" asked Bhe. 44 Love you !" repeated the Lord of Kostop chin ; 44 have I not told you a thousand times how much my whole soul flows out toward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre sence, and how death at your feet would be more welcome than life without you ?" 44 People often talk of death, and yet little know bow near it i3 to them," answered the fair lady, a grim smile appearing upon her face; 44 but tell me, do you give me your whole heart ?" 4 4 All I have is yours, Ravina," returned Paul ; 44 name, wealth, and the devoted lo\e of a life time." 4 4 But your heart," persisted she ; 44 it is your heart that I want ; tell me, Paul, that it is mine and mine only." "Yes, my heart is yours, dearest Ravina," answered Pant, endeavouring to embrace tne fair form in his impassioned grasp ; but she glided from iiini, and then, with a quick bound, sprang upon him and glared in his face with a look that was absolutely appalling. Her eyes gleamed with a lurid fire, her lips were drawn back, showing her sharp, white teeth, whil® her breath came m sharp, quick gasps. 44 1 am hungry," she murmured, 44 oh, so hungry ; but now, Paul Sergevitch, your heart is mine." Her movement was so sudden and unex pected that he stumbled and fell heavily to the ground, the fair woman clinging to him and falling upon his breast. It wa3 then that the full horror of his position came upon Paul Sergevitch, and he saw his fate clearly before him, but a terrible numbness prevented him from using his hands to free himself from the hideous embrace which was paralysing all his muscles. The face that was glaring into his seemed to be undergoing some fearful change, and the features to be losing their semblance of humanity. With a sudden, quick movement, she tore open his garments, and In another moment she had perforated his left breast with a ghastly wound and torn out his heart. She heeded not tho convulsive struggles which - agitated the dying form of the Lord of Kostop chin, nor a diminutive form approaching, shel tering itself behind every tree and bush until it had arrived to v. ithin ten paces of the scene of the terrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams glistened upon the long shining barrel of a pistol, which a boy was levelling with both hands at the murderess. Quick and sharp rang out the report, and with a wild shriek, in which there was something beast like, Ravina leaped from the body of the jdead man and staggered away to a thick clump of bushes some ten paces distant. The boy Alexis had heard the appointment that had been made, and dogged his father's footsteps to the trysting-place. After firing the fatal shot, his courage deserted him, and he fled back to the house, uttering loud shrieks for help. The startled servants were soon in tho presence of their slaughtered master, but aid was of no avail, for the Lord of Kostopchin had passed a -vay. With fear and trembling, the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, and started back in horror as they perceived a huge white wolf, lying stark and dead, with a human heart clasped between its fore-paws. 