THE IVORY GATE. By Walter Bs3Ant. Chapter XXXI.— Oubckley Sees a Gnos-r. To Checkley, watching every evening, though not always nt the same time, sooner or later tho same discovery was certain to come. It hap pened, in fnol, on Friday evening, tlio day aftor 'AthclBtau shook hands with Mr. Edmund Gray. On that night ho loft the office between 6 and 7, walked to his lodgiugs in Olorkeuwcll, made himself a aup ot tea and hurried baok to Gray's Inn. Hero he planted himself as usual oloso to the passage in the north-cast corner of South- square, so that he could slip in on occa sion and be offaced. Like many of tho detective tribo, or like the ostrich, fount of mnny fables, ho imagined himsolf by reason of this retreat entirely hidden from the observation of all. Of course the exaot contrary was the result. The polieomnn regarded him with the liveliest curi osity ; tiie laundrossos watohod him daily ; the newspaper vendor eame ovety evening from tlio gatoway to seo what this anoiont spy was doing, nnd why he lurkod Bteaithily In the pnssago anil looked out furtively. He was ono of tho little inoidcuts or opisodos whioh vary the daily routine of lifo in the inn. Mnny of thoso ocour every year ; the pooplo who oomo to thoir oflioos at 10 and go away nt 5 know nothing about them ; tho residonte who leavo nt 10 and return tt 6 or 7 or 12 know nothing about them. But the servioo kuow ; and tlioy talk nd conjecture. Horo wns an eldorly man — My, nn old, old man, apparently 80 years of ago. What did ho want ooming night after night to hide himself in a passage and peer out into tho square I What, indeed ? The police man who had dono duty in Hyde Park could toll instructive stories from his own oxperienoe about frisky ago ; the laundresses remembered gontlomon for whom tlioy had "done," and pranks with whioh those gontlomon amusod themselves ; but no one know a oaso parallel to this. Why should an old man stand in the oarner and aocrctly lookout into tho sqnaro? Ho generally arrived at half-past 7, aud he left his post at 9, when ic was too dark to soo across iho square. Then ho wont to the Salutation and snjoyod nooioty, oonvorsation and a oheorful glass, as you have seen. The timo ho choose was unfortunato, because Mr. Edmund Gray, when ho called at Mb chambers, generally did so at lialf-past 6 or 7, on his way to tlio Hall of Solenoo, Kentish Town. Thoreforo, Oheakloy might have gono on watch ing for n long time— say an raou— watching nnd waited In vain. But an accident lmpponod which rewarded him richly for nil his troublo. It was on Friday. Elsie, provided by this timo with a latchkey to tho ohnmbors, arrived at Gray's Inn at 6. She wns going to spend tho oveningwith tho Master. Sho walked in, as cended tho stnironse— Mr. Gray had not yet arrived— opened the door, shut it behind her nnd cntorod the room. Tho hand of woman was now visible in tho general improvement of tho room. The windows wore clonn and bright, tho wainscoted walls had becu cleaned, tho ceiling whitewashed, tho carpet had been swept and tlio furniture dusted ; there were flowers on tho table, thero was an oaso), on whioh stood Elsie's fancy portrait of Mr. Dcring, so wonderfully like Mr. Gray — a speaking likeness— hooks lay about tho tahlo — tlioy woro all books on the labor quostion, on tho sooial question, on the problems of tho day, nil tho books on all tho questions with whioh mon now torture themsolves nnd think thereby to advance tlio coming of tho Kingdom of Hcavon. Thero were new curtains, dainty curtains, of lace, hang ing before the windows ; nnd window blinds thomselvos wore clean and new. Elsie looked about her with a certain satisfaction ; it was her own doing, the work of licr own hand, because tho old laundress wns satisfied to sit down nnd look on. "At the least," she said, "tho poor dear mnn has a clean room. " Then she remem bered that in a day or two sho would lcavo him to his old solitude, and she sighed, thinking how ho oiling to hor and loaned upon, nnd already looked upon hor ns his suooossor — "a olaan room," she said, " when I have left him. Perhaps he will have the room, too, and be all day long what ho used to be. Sane or mnd ? I love hira host when ho is mad." The table was covered with manuscripts. These were part of tho great work whioli ho was about to give to tho world. Elsie lmd never seen the room behind this. A guilty curiosity seized her. She felt like tho youngest of Bluebeard's wives. Sho felt the impulse, she resisted, she gave way, she opened the door and looked in. She found : to m nearly as large as the sit ting room. The winnows woro black with dust and soot. Slic opened one, and looked out upon n small grcon area outside, littored with paper and bottles nnd nil kinds of jetsam. The floor of tha room was n couple of inches dcop with dust, tho chairs and tlio dressing tabic were deep in dust. The bed wns laid, but tho blnnkcts were devoured by moths, thore wns not n square inoh left whole. It looked as if it had keen brought in now and covered with sheets and blankets nnd so loft, tho room unopened, the bed untouched, for the 10 years of Mr. Edinnnd Gray's tenanoy. Eotwoeri tho bedroom nnd sitting room was a small dark room, containing a bath, a table for washing up, knives and forks iu a basket, teacups nnd Bailee rs. "The pantry," snirl Elsie, "nnd thesoiillery, nnd the housemaid's closet, all together. Oh 1 beautiful I And to think that mon live in snoh dens— and sloop thero oontontodly night after night in this lonoly, ghostly old place. Horrible !" A rattling behind tho wainscotting warned her that ghosts can show themselves oven in the daytime. She shuddered, and retreated to the sittingroom. Here she took a book and sat by the open window, heedless of tlio foot that sho could bo seou by any ono from the Square. It wns 7 o'olook before Mr. Edmund Gray arrived. "Ah! child," lie oriod tondorly, "you are bore boforo inc. I wns delayed— somo busi ness. lVlint was it ? Pshnw ! I forgot every thing. Never mind — I am hero ; and before we tako a cab, I want you ouoe moro to go through with mo tho points of my new Oatockisra. Now, if you nro ready." " Quito ready, Master." At half-past 7 Checkley arrived at his oornor and took a preliminary survey of tho Square. "There lie is," said the Policeman. "There he 1b again," said two laundresses eon- versing on a doorstep. "There he is as usual," said tho newspaper man. "Now," asked nil in chorus, " what's he want there?" Mr. Checkley looked out from bis oorncr, saw no olio in tho square, and retreated into bis pug-ago. Then lie looked out again, and re tracted ngain. If anyone passed through the passage, Olieoldoy was always walking off with great resolution iu tho opposite dircotion. Presently, in ono of his stoalthy peorings, he happened to look up. Then ho started — ho shaded his eyes; he looked his hardest Yes; at the open window, freely displayed, without tho least attompt at concealment, ho saw the bend and face of Miss Elsie Arundel. There 1 Tlioro I What moro was neoessary ? Edmund Gray was Athelstan Arundel, or George Austin, or both — and Elsie Arundel was an accomplice after the net. Tlioro I There ! Ho retreated to the seclusion of the passage and rubbed his hands. This would please Sir Samuel. He should hear it that very night This ought to plcnso him very muoh, beonuso it made things so cloar nt last. There sho was — upstairs, in the chambers of Mr. Edmund Gray — in the vory room 1 There ! There ! Thore 1 Perhaps he wns mistaken. But his sight was vory good — for distant tilings. In reading a newspaper he might mnko mistakes, because he was one of thoso elderly persons who enjoy their newspaper most when they can nail it upon tho wall nnd sit down to rend it from the other sido of n large room. He looked up again. The setting stm shining en the window of tho side where iio stood — tlio eastern side wns reflected upon tile windows of No. 22 — Elsie's shepoly head— sho had tnken off hor lint— wns bathed in the reflected sunshine. No doubt about her at nil. There sho was. Tlioro ! There 1 There ! The old man wnB fain to take a walk up Vcrulam Buildings mid hack again to disguise his delight at this discovery. Ho walked chuckling aud cracking bis fingers, so that thoso who saw him — but there arc not many in Raymond's-buildings on an August evening— thought that he must be either a little mad or a littlo drunk or a littlo foolish. But nobody muoh regards tho nations of an nnoiont mnn. It is only tho respeot of his grandchildren or tho thought of his possessions that gives him importnnoo. Only tlio strong aro regarded, and an old mnn who looks poor gets no credit oven for foolishness and Billy aliuakles. Than Clieekioy went back to his oorncr. Oil, what was thnt ? He rubbed his oyes again. He turned pale, ho staggered, ho eatiglit nt tho door posts. What was that ? He slindcd his eyes and looked again — bent and trembling anil shaking nil over. Said tlio police man : "Looks as if he's going to got 'em ngain." Said tho laundresses: "Ho looks as if he'd seen a ghost." Tlio newspaper boy stepped half wayneross tha square. "He's looking at Mr. Edmund Gray aud tho young lady. Jealous— E 'raps— knows tho young lady— wouldn't Uavo eliovod it, prob'ly." Yes— Oliookley wns looking at that window. No doubt of that at all. He was not ablo to dis- guiso his astonishment ; he no longer protended to hido himsolf. For ho saw, sitting in tho window, tho young lady whom bo holioved to bo an acoomplioo iu tho orinio ; and standing over her, with an expression of fatherly affection, was nono other than Mr. Dcring himsolf. Yes — Mr. Dcring. Most wondorful ! What did it moan V Hail Mr. Dering icsolvod to olaar up tho mystery of Edmund Gray? Had he penetrated the ohnmbors and found thore — not Edmund Gray— but Elsie Arundel ? "My friond," said the policeman, standing before him so that the view of the window wns intcroopted, " you seem interested over tho way." — — , , — - — _ — " I am. I am. Oh, yos. Muoh Interested." " Well' don't you think you've lookod nt that old gentleman longcnough? Perhaps ho wouldn t like so muoh looking nt. There's n young lady, too. It isn't mannors to bo staring at a young ladylikoa stuokpig." " No — no, policeman — I'vo seen onough— thank you." " And, still talkin' in a friendly way, do you think Sir. Edmund Gray over there would liko it if he know there was a dctoctivo or a spy watching every ovoning on tho othor side of tho Square? What's tho littlo game, guv'nor ? Any thing in our line? Not with that most respeot- ablo old gentleman, I do hopo— though some- timos Woll— what is it? Beoauso wo can't have you goin' on as you have a boon goin on, you kuow." 1 ' Foliooman "— Oheokloy pulled him asido and poiuted to the little group at tho window — "you seo that old gontleman— thore— do you kuow him V" " Certainly. Known liim over sinoo I camo to tho Inn— two years ago. Tlio peoplo of tho Inn have known him for ten yonrs, I believe. That's Mr. Edmund Gray. He's not one of tho regular residents, and ho hasn't got an office. Comos hero now and then whon ho fanoies tho placo — Mr. Edmund Gray, that is. I wish all tho gentlemen in tho Inn woro half as liberal as ho is." " Oh ! it's impossible. Say it again, Police man. Perhaps I'm a littlo deaf — I'm vory old, you know— a littlo deaf perhaps. Say it again." " What's tho matter with the man?" For lio was shaking violently, and his eyes stared. " Of eourso thnt is Mr. Edmund Gray." " What does tho girl do with him ? Why nro they both thore together ?" " How should I know why sbo calls upon him ? She's a young lady, and a sweet young tiling too. He's hor grandfather likely." Oheokloy groaned. " I must go somewhoro nnd think this out," lie said. " Exouso mo, Policeman. I am nn old man, nnd — aud — I've had a bit of n shook nnd— Good-ovening, Policeman." Ho shaded his eyes again and looked up. Yos— tlioro tlioy were, talking, Then Elsio tobo, and ho saw her putting on hor hat. Then eho retreated up tho room. But still ho Rtood watching. "Not had enough yot, guv'nor?" asked tlio Policaman. "Only a minute. I want to soo hor go out.— Yos — there they are — going out together. It is, after all Oh ! there is no mistake." "Thero is no mistake, guv'nor," said tho Policeman. "There goes Mr. Edmund Gray, and there goos that sweet young thing along of him— Ah I there's many advantages about being a gentleman. No mistako, I say, about them two. Now, old man, you look as If you'd had a surprise. Hadn't you better go homo and take a drop of somo thing ?" It was oarlior than Cliookloy generally went to tlio Salutation. But ho delayed no longer. Ho tottered across tho square, showing vory muoh of oxtremo feebleness, looking neither to tlio right nor to tho left, his chock white, Ills eyes rolling. Tho peoplo lookod aftor him, ex pecting that he would fall. But ho did not. Ho turned into tho tavern, hobblod along tlio passage, and sank into an nrmohair in tho par lor. "Good graoious, Mr. Choekley," ariod tho barmaid as he passed, "whatever is tlio mat ter?" Some of the usual company wore already assembled, although It was as yet hardly eight. The money lender was there, sitting in his oor nor, taking his tobacco and iiis grog in silence. The deoayed barrister was there, his glass of old and mild before him, reading the morning nows- paper. The ox-M.P. was there. When Choek ley tumbled into tho room, thoy looked up in surprise. When ho gazed about him wildly and gasped, thoy woro astonished, for he seemed liko unto ono about to have a fit. "Givo mo something, Robert— give me some thing," ho oried. " Quick— something strong. I'll liavo it short. Quiok— quiok !" Robert brought him a small glass of brandy, whioh iio swallowed hastily. "Oh!" he groaned, sitting up,. "I've seen— I'vo soen " "You look aa if you'd seen a ghost," said tho barmaid, who had ooine along with a glass of water. " Shall I batho your forehead ?" "No— no. I am better now— I nin all right again. Gentlemen" — he lookod round the room solumnly — " I'vo seen this ovoning a good man — an old man — a groat man— a rioh man, gentlc- mon, wrecked and oast away and destroyed and ruined. With a little dovil of a woman to laugh at liim !" " They don't generally laugh at the men whon thoy are ruined, said Mr. Langhorne. " They laugh while they are ruining them. It's fun to them. So it is to tho men. Great fuii it is while it lastB. I daresay tlio little woman won't really laugh at him. In my oaso " His ease was left untold, because ho stopped and buried his bead in his newspaper. Then Shylock spoke. Ho removed His pipe from his lips and spoke, moved, after his kind, by the mention of the woids wreck and ruin, just as tho vulture pricks up its feathers at the word doatb. "To see a rioh man wrecked and ruined, Mr. Oheokloy, is a thing whioh n mnn may seo every day. Tho thing is not to loso by their wreok — to tnako money oat of it. Ricli men nro always boing wrecked and ruined. Wlint clso can you expect if men refuse to pay their interest and to meet their bills? The molanolioly thing— ah ! the real sadnoss — is the ruin of a man who has trusted his fellow orontureB and got takon in for his pains. Only this morning I find that I'vo boon let in by a swindler — a common swindler, gentlemen — who comes round and says ho can't pay up— oan't pay up— and I'm woloomo to tho Btioks. Whioh kind of man might your friend bo, Mr. Checkley, the man who's trusted his neighbor and got loft— or tho noighbor who's ramped tho man that trusted him ?" " It isn't monoy at all," Oheokloy replied. "Then, sir, if it isn't money," said the money lender, " I don't kuow why you oomo in fright ening this honorablo oompany out of their wits. If it isn't monoy, how tho dovil oan tho goutlo- man bo wrecked and ruined ?" For twohoura Mr. Okeckley satin silonoo, ovidontly not listening to what was said. Then he turned to Mr. Langhorne, tho barrister. " You've known Mr. Edmund Gray a long time. I believe?" ' "Nino years— ton years— sinoo he oame to tho Inn." "Always tho samo man, I supposo?" said Oheokloy. " Never anothor man— not somotimos a young mnn— or two yonng men— one rather n toll young man, looks as if the world was all his — supcroilioas beast ?" " Nevor more than ono man at onoo," roplied tho barrister with a show of forcusio keenitoss. "Ho might bavo been two young mon rolled into one ; but not to my knowlodgo ; always the samo man to look at, so far as I know— and the samo man to talk with." . " Oh I yos— yea There's no hopo left— none. He's ruinod.nnd lost and oast away and done for." He rose and walked out, Tho oompany lookod after him and shook their bonds. Thon thoy drew their chairs a littlo olosor nud tho gap mado by bia departure vanished. (to be continued.) 