The Sydney Ghost Club WRITTEN FOR "THE AUSTRALIAN CENTURY" . .THIS story has at least, the merit ( 'being founded oh fact," by"'whic remark; I do not wish to infer th« the remainder of the stories Jn th . paper aro pure fiction, hut that Í hon. secretary of the club during ii existence some years ago, I onl make a record of our proceedings. There were six of us, all unmarrie young men, sworn tq deni justly, y< ' severely if need be, with every ghoi we caught. ' We met in solemn com . eil and determined on our name n given above, und our object AV* simply to hunt out haunted house or any other available spots suppose to be visited by tho unquiet denizen of the world on the other side of th grave. We were each possessed c nerve enough for several ordinär mortals, and the understanding .'wa that if thc ghost Ave met was stiff 'ciently tangible, wc should endeavou to find out what he, she, or it wa made of. About a week after our inceptior wo received word of a haunted nous in Bourke- street, Surry Hills, wher the ghost came every night am tramped through' the lower room and tuen tramped upstairs and dowi again. Ten o'clock p.m. ' Ava's thi ghost's usual time, 'and Ave1 wen1 introduced ourselves to tho familj and took our seats »round thc room It Avas about nine o'clock when wi arrived, and presently Ave began Avitl our peculiar mission to tell ghos ; stories. Imagination Avas . wrougb up to tho proper pitch, 'and every body bad attained the correct niea sure of weirdness, but no ghost came r Ten o'clock passed; half-past ten cloA7en o'clock, and still no ghost. 11 was really too bad to thus disappoiirl us, but Ave proposed giving him cArérj chance of waiting until it was past " thc very witching hour of night, . i When churchyards yawn and heil itseli breathes out .... Contagion to this world. ,. Ti ono of the family would go to bed 'and leave us, but they quite pressed ', us to stay ; so Ave stnved.^ Gards were . produced and AVG all joined in some round gaines, and thus; time passed until'twelve o'clock struck j but no ghost appeared on the scene. It,Avas halt'rpast,thc hour when. Ave left, quite disappointed at our lirst venture. ,'? .Nex(fc day I received a note, as se- cretary to the club, from tho people living in tho . house,- to say : "No sooner had you left last night than the noises bogan "and were worse than . '? eyer. He seemed very angry, judging by tlio extra vehemence in his stamp : dugs, . at being kept so long. Gome again, and you may be more succoss " ful." . \- Wo did go ; in fact, wc.visited that house four or five times, and on ono occasion sat up all night-and that ; time tho ghost did not como at all ; ." but on each oi\ tho other visits : he . came every time and stamped about osjsoonas ive Avere out of easy distance of the house. '' ' . .¡The next pit tee we obtained permis- sion to A'isit was in iNeAvtoAVu. , It was avery old house, and on several occa . sions-too frequently for those living in it-the ghost of an old Avouian Avitli a Avhitc hood on Avas seen, so the ten- ants said, especially in one particular room. Of course, this was tho room we decided to Avait in, and Ave sat . there on several evenings from eight ' o'clock to j , Some woo short hour ayont tho twa], ' without'any success. Our next attempt incurred a longer journey, but there were two "haunts" . ' involved in it.' We Avenfc to the red- brick and ancient town of Bathurst, for a short distance out Avas a re- puted haunted house, whore the r ghost used to show himself con- stantly; but to our intense disappoint nieiit.'ho refused to acknoAvledgo our -presence in any way. So AVC jour- neyed on by Cobb's coach, with a favourite deep-voiced driver, to a spot betAA'oen Bathurst and Sofala. Here, ive had been informed, was a , ;haunted "piece of tho road, leading np a steep hill," Avhere a mysterious vehicle and a irhostlv horse, driven by a. ghost, would suddenly disappear ? straight up tlie bank of tho cutting. We found the spot from the minuto directions wo had obtained, and there could bc plainly seen the tracks of ? ';sbmo - two-wheeled .vehicle. For a -, .short distance these could be traced, x tli'eii' they seemed to turn abruptly into, the bank, under whore, a tree gi'PW; out of tlie side of the cutting, ancl .ohe.wheol track showed upwards nènirly to tho three, while tho other disappeared a little further on the otherside. So far . we had got a. mystery, but though wo camped here all ; night; inking tho early morning coach back to -Bathurst next day, we saw nothing and could suggest no- thing to solve thc mystery. , Wo wero beginning to doubt tlie utility of our existence as a club. Ghosts- our principal stock-in-trade -refused to acknowledge us, and wo talked, of disbanding , at n. grand champagne supper, when, while the matter still remained in abeyance, I received a note from a house in North Sydney of a ghost that walkod and was seen. Once more our euergics were aroused. This, it was decided, should be our climax. We would either catch a ghost ' this time, or figuratively die m the attempt. ? -(We accepted the invitation, and in duo course presented ourselves. Wo were taken tho greatest caro of, and "¡.'jttié.'bóst'of suppers was laid out for bur special behoof. It was worth .roi being a club, if only to receive this ^attention. .The young ladies of tho a family wero cbai-mingj and i quite ;c,:rtgreed as^to' the existence of . this ghost. "' They liäd'' Boon it "several ..", times prowling about the rooms after lall Üieinmatos oi: tbe liousb had gone to bed, and really they assured us BO ..i sweetly,; of its, reality, that more .du- bious minds than burs must have chi ?:'valrously acknowledged! thehv* vo- racity; Tho Only one who scoffed at it was tho father, a gruff 'old" busi- ness, man of; about forty-five or fifty years of age. . He would haye none pf it, laughed it to scorn, and explained ,{.'. i; j ¿ ¡i. «ti,-.-.,;;« Hau,--, i /.j how he hnd sat watchih'gîfor it nigh! after night without success. Our usual luckafpllowed us this night, and we had.to agree with him but we decided to give ánbther trial to it, as the girls were only the more positive, and, begged for one more chance. Of ' coursé, under such char- ming circumstances, our bachelor hearts could not refuse,' and twe nights after this found us once again " on watch." This evening, about half-past eleven, the old gentleman retired, saying " he wus. done up with "his business .and was not going to waste another min- ute on thisrubbish." We hadarranged to watch until two o'clock in thc morning. The mother remained witt us, as well as the three daughters; the rest of the family being away from home. We had been playing cards to keep ourselves'awake and talking in low tones fdr over aii hour after the father had gone to bed, when one oi tho girls said, " Hush ! Did you hear that?" . We listened. Yes ; there were light footsteps and ? a ¡ sort of slouching sound overhead and apparently com- ing towards the stairs. The eldest girl crept over to the door of the room we were'waiting in, and looked out. Presently she said with a, shud- der, " Yes, there's a ghost. I saw it cross to the other passage." Our ghost-club members started tip and moved sinrultanbously with the one impulse of " A ghost at last" towards the door. " Won't you come with us ?" one of us asked. Two of the girls agreed to go, and the youngest stopped with the mother. Quietly we ascended tho first flight of stairs to a passage that led _ to another part ot. tho house,, which seemed a large, rambling place, and there in full view at the end of this passage was the ghost. Both the girls recognised it ns the I ghost they had frequently seenjwitli I out a doubt. ' We had no candle with us, and could only see the indistinct figure with the reflected light from I tho halljamplbelów.; . ;: Then it disappeared, and the girls were too frightened to proceed fur- ther, so one of us went back with them and to get a candle, while the others 'waited"'and watched. When tho candle arrived we moved forward I tb the end of .this corridor, and found 'tho door ajar. Pushing this open gently Ave immediately discovered our ghost- the old gentleman him- self,1 sitting in his White nightshirt at atable writing.' Ho took no notice of us, and wo'walked iii and close up to him and began to apologise before wo found ho was fast asleep. His paper was covered with figures and calculations, and it was evident that some business cares had worried him considerably, and being of ^ a somnambulistic' temperament he Was given to walkingnnd "haunting" the house in his sleep. One of our members wont below to explain the mystery and our pro- longed, absence while wo stayed with him, and by rubbing!his hands and fanning him eventually woke him up and explained matters. When Ave AA'ore leaA'ing ha thanked us for our trouble,"inA'ited us to come again and spend an eA'ening, and say- ing very sensibly " He must see a doctor libottt this," he assured us that " this Avas tho only timo he had eArer seen this ghost." Soon after this successful eA'ening our club died, leaAring only a real ghost in the shapo^of pleasant mern _OLD SKUI/L. 