around the horse shot AT ST KILDA — 0 — I By (V dnch.lor D. Out ime at 1 ai:d bless the new cloeHorthut Treasury wants to know if fft; have lia i time to think about be ginning to lay up tnasure tor our sink ing funds yet, which they mentioned last e8r. We returned an evaBive answer by referring it to work?, DowneB to report. We a 1 know what that n eane, ana sim-c. ^ o a Row still on among the medicos a8 to how near apait * hous* half a mile avvav is. Our own Browne mildl} intimates tbat the medico who has been slating us has given him sell away by starting with a case he didn't repord to ub. Bro Moore sees the point, a ne turns the tables on medico by blowing thr gaff ou him to the be:.ltluries. Furtbe amusenunts concerning Sunday con i certs, which we give to the hail departg merit to chew over; nnd concerninB school kids who litter up their grounds with lunch papeis. whose master say he'll take measures to stop (hem. — » Measures '' supposed to be the kind with liaik and twigs on the outside, a reminiscence of boyhood's sunny hours which makes us move uneasily in our seate. Cf o o ' Railways wanted £2,000 towards the Iukerman bridge, and our Browne bad taken it in. Hum ! '30th June coming, eh, Bro Turner ? Comes in handy lor the Statement, doesi 't it ?' ' It do,' Bivs Customs. 'Blued it yet?' we inquire. ' Tou bet,' says Custon s, 'will an aquatic bird indulge in nata torial loco motion if it gets a cha ce?' ' It will, usually,' we remark, and sink into a hrown stuJy. c c m Trams is going to put a waiting shed at the Junction, and we agree that its a good more. Except Bro Kelly, and the ghost of the absent Bro Jaccby, (per Bro O'Donnell) who think it will put a stopper on express through trams to the beach; a d the ghost threatens serious tilings if we don't put it off till his subst. nee gets back. Aren't going to be bluffed by Bro J, or his ghost, says Bro Marriott, and we agree, nem con. e o o Bro Kelly's bantling, — Odessa-Btreet. We jibe at it, because we'd hoped a grateful constituency would cell it Bro ? ? stren, Lut we can't stop it, so we turn and vend Bio K?Uy. Out o; orde;, in the first plac?, should have co:ne later, or before, or somewhere else. Isn't on the business paper, be sides, tut Browne suavly observes tbat is the fault of the printer. Bring out your piinter, then, and we'll baug bim, or anyone connected with bim ; whereat ( the press-gang disappear behind the table. Then, where is Odessa, and what is it, and is it a new mixed drink or a comic song ? And Bro Jennings would like to know all about it from the year one. Until, at last, exasper ated Bro Kelly remarks, 'quit your tooling, will you, and as for Bro 'Jennings, if he was only here once in n dog's age — 'and we let up on him, and make tbe inhabitants of Odessa street happy. i' ' ° 1 o c Our own Browne aad Bro Marriott join in a harmonious crow over how we rather set the pace for our other brothers about keeping our own unem ployed going, and we all cluck in chorns. Except Bro Moore who thinks thiB is his own crow, and Browne has jumped it, and pesters the crowists until Bio Mairiolt growls, ' Hold your whisht, you're not in this,' and Bio Moore sulks aggrievedly, Iauu mutters something at out 'not going to be jumped on by a Browne of that size.' o ° o Bro Stedeford thinks the Esplanade is washing away through the cracks, at whom we make merry, and gave him and Downes the whole job to see to, 'including moving the bank wall out, but not to sperd more than three notes on it, .. in-l you. Bro O'D.mnell, benr lnM 11 hutrk v.t.11,' wakes np and whis pers tcnt.iiivfl-, ' band stand?' But we gag him before he can do more mischief. ?' Come on, boys,' says Customs, ' are you going to jaw hero all night ? Let's go and see what Bro Marriott's got.' Exeunt omnes. 