A FATAL PAST. CHAPTER VII. HELEN'S LOVER. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of “Footprints in the Snow,’ &c.;, &c.; As the Rev. Peter Prescott walked home across the misty hills, after spending this evening at Brackenford, he was thinking somewhat sadly, though very kindly and gently of his sisters. ‘Ah, poor souls,’ bethought, ‘lt would never do to bring a stranger beside them. Ho, no, I must be con tent to remain what I have always been—a lonely man.’ The Eev. Peter sighed audibly as he came to the conclusion. Hever before had he been tempted to change his state, for during his poverty no woman had looked at him, and since he had been rector of Mortonbury his sisters had hitherto safely guarded him from all matrimonial entanglements. But struggle against the feeling as best he could, he now constantly found himself thinking of Caroline Sinclair. He had met her first at Brackenford, and since then he had not unfrequently encountered her in his walks, and somehow or other he could not help thinking that Miss Sinclair liked him. That any woman should do so seemed wonderful at first to Peter’s simple and modest heart. But still the idea re curred to him, and the idea had become very sweet to the poor rector. Ho woman had ever flattered him before, nor ever sought his society. Pew families lived in the neighbourhood of Mortonbury, and the few who did had had only young unmarried girls to find husband’s for, and young girls do not often think of men of the rector’s age. But suddenly across his sombre and contented ways of life, there had flashed a gleam of youth and bright ness, that threatened to become highly dangerous to the rector’s peace. A woman graceful, calculating and attrac tive, had looked at the rectory-house, and then at the rector, and had de cided that she was well-fitted to hold the position of the rector’s wife. She had overshot her mark a little as we have seen, and had not gauged the Misses Prescott aright, when she tried to flatter them. But her words were balm and sweetness to the Rev. Peter’s ears. 1 But, but, I must not think of her,’ he said to himselfsoftly, as he reached tiie rectory-house and opened the door with his latch-key. A grim figure arrayed in a violet flannel dressing gown met him in the hall. 1 Is that you, Peter V said Miss Dorothy Prescott’s voice, for only her little red nose was to be seen peeping out of the wraps and flannels in which her bead was enveloped. ‘ I thought you were never coming.’ ‘Why did you sit up, ray dear,’ answered the kindly Peter. ‘Was it likely I should go to bed when you were out T replied Dorothy, ln an injured tone. ‘Ho, Peter, I never neglect you, do I?’ . am sure you .do not,’ said Peter m all good faith. And I. think,’ continued Miss orofliy, ‘ considering the people Lady nm smnre contrives to get about her, p -er, that you’re better at home than, at Brackenford.’ ~ Contrives to get about her,’ repeated e Rev. Peter. ‘ Why, my dear, there , 5 one spying but two young 0 ters and Miss Helen Drummond.’ And that very forward person, the governess.’ said Miss 'Dorothy, wasp ishly, and the little red nose gave a vicious jerk out of her strange head gear. ‘ Miss Sinclair V said the rector, gently. '‘l do not think that she is forward, Dorothy.’ ‘Flattery does not go down my throat as easily as it does yours, then,’ retorted Dorothy. ‘Why, Peter, a mole could see through her! She’s a vile flattering hussy, on the lookout for. a husband, if ever there was one.'’ ‘Nay, nay, Dorothy, nay,’said the gentle rector, ‘do not speak thus of one of your own sex—of a gentle woman. She is poor, I suppose; but other ladies have been poor before now.’ ‘ Thank you, said Dorothy, with another vicious jerk. ‘ I may have been poor, I was poor, I am poor for the matter of that, but no man living, nor dead either, can say of me that I tried to flatter him into making a fool of himself, and I should think dozens could of this Miss Sinclair, though she hasn’t succeed with any of them yet.’ The rector put up his brown and bony hand deprecatingly. . ‘ Hush, Dorothy,’ he said, and then he bade his sister good night and went alone into his study, and having lit his pipe and mixed his modest glass of grog, sat there quietly thinking. Could Dorothy’s rough, hard words have any truth in them? Dorothy was a shrewd woman. But could it be— could it be? Had this fair woman sought his society, and seemed to take pleasure in his words, merely because he had a good income and a pleasant home? ‘lf so,’ thought the rector, pursuing his cogitations, ‘ I pity her; for if she is not true to herself and to her woman hood, how poor and mean must all life’s highest aims seem to her. But I cannot believe it. Ah, poor Dorothy, she fears, I suppose, that I may bring anew mistress to her home—-but, no, no—Martha and Dorothy have had so little sunshine, such hard, cold lives, that for no selfish happiness of my own will I ever interfere with their narrow joys. And as for her—for Caroline— she is too fair not to have many wooers. I am doing her no harm—only a little self- denial and the pain will be past.’ • So he made up his mind. This man, who would turn aside not to tread on the worm upon his path, bore his own pain during the next few days with silent endurance. He grew a little greyer about the temples, and more lines came round the kind and thought ful eyes, but he showed no other signs of his mental struggle. Yes, perhaps he was a little kinder even than usual to the two hard, cold, selfish sisters, for whose sake he was practising his self denial. This was- his nature. He always gave generously, and none knew what he gave. Miss Sinclair was not slow to per ceive that a change had come over the rector’s manner. She saw that he rather avoided her than otherwise, and this knowledge annoyed Miss Sinclair exceedingly. But she also made no sign. She went as regularly to church, and sat there demure and pensive-eyed, while the Misses Prescott watched her with bitter and contemptuous glances. Had she been tbe best woman in the world, they would have felt precisely the same to her. They wished to keep their brother unmarried, and therefore regarded their whole sex with dis trust. While the Rev. Peter’s one love affair thus languished, another love' affair, at Brackenford, was progressing only too quickly. Again and again, in tbe early winter twilight, Francis Roche had met the sunny faced Helen Drummond. They managed it all very quietly. Helen sat with Lady Ennis more in the mornings, drove with her in the afternoons, and was shy and even a little distant in her manner to Roche during dinner, and when they all met together afterwards in the drawing-room. Had Lady Ennismore been asked the question if there were anything between these two young people after Roche had been a week at Bracken ford, she would have replied that their acquaintance was a very slight one. Yet, before the end of this week, Roche had began to think of his future income; begun to speculate and wonder if he were justified in asking a woman to share the somewhat precarious five hundred a year, which had been pro mised to him at the 1 Lady’s wardrobe,’ in Buckingham palace-road. He naturally hesitated before doing this. The more he thought of this strange adventure the more surprising it seemed to him, and Walter Curzon also often recurred to the subject with mingled feelings of curiosity and envy. Roche had still three hundred pounds of this money at his bankers when he went to Brackenford, and this small sum now seemed to the young man in tbe first flush of his love, as something very respectable to begin life upon. He was very glad at all events that he had it. Everyday the frank, bright face of his Helen became dearer to him, and all his former expensive amusements and pleasures suddenly grew flat and wearisome in his, imagi nation when compared with her sunny smiles. • They were almost like two children, these young lovers. Over their hearts had come a great sense of enjoyment, a golden haze which wrapped every thing, in misty bliss and undefined happiness." ‘How lovely Helen is growing, again and again thought Lady Ennis more, glancing with vague uneasiness at the young girl’s glad face, and then sometimes at Roche’s dark one. But still ‘ she noticed nothing between them, until one evening Miss Sinclair came into the drawing-room alone, and after a few words of common-place conversation, began to talk about Helen. . T ‘I scarcely like to mention what i am about to say Lady Ennismore, said the governess, standing in a graceful attitude before Lady Ennismore s tea table, ‘ but from a sense of duty—for Julia’s sake—l must do it. Lady Ennismore looked quickly up, and her fine complexion changed COl ‘°What is it? Nothing has happened I hope ?’ she asked. , , ‘Oh, no, nothing has happened only, Lady Ennismore, you under stand, as Mias Drummond is not my pupil I scarcely like to interfere. Still, from a sense of duty, as I said before, I win speak—for—l feel sure—at least I feel almost sure, that you are not aware that Miss Drummond walks daily, and for hours alone in the dusk, with Mr Roche]’ Lady Ennismore’s . face grew sud denly crimson. ‘lt is impossible,’ she said. ‘With Mr Roche] Mr Roche is, with Lord Ennismore on the moors.’ ‘ Mr Roche nevertheless contrives to leave the moors every afternoon before four o’clock,’ replied Miss Sinclair, with her subdued smile. ‘ They indeed meet every afternon in the grounds and wander about the walks together —they are together now,’ Lady Ennismore rose hastily, and went to one of the bay windows which looked out upon the grounds. ‘ It is most imprudent, most foolish,’ she said. ‘Thank.you for telling me, Miss Sinclair—together now, did you say]’ ‘ At least together a quarter of an hour since,’ said Miss Sinclair. ‘I was returning from Mortonbury, where I had been on a little errand of charity, and I came unexpectedly on ; a semi sentimental scene under the shadow of the fir trees. But do not be uneasy, dear Lady Ennismore, she is but a child, and this youug gentleman is pro bably only amusing himself—still I thought it was better and kinder to tell you.’ ‘ Certainly,’ answered Lady Ennis more with a sharpness and decision of manner very unusual to her. ‘I will go and join them—perhaps Miss Sin clair if Lord Ennismore and Mr Curzon come in before I return, you will give them some tea] And will you kindly say, if Lord Ennismore enquires, that I shall be back almost immediately— and of course I need not ask you not to mention anything about these stupid young people]’ ‘ Of course I shall mention nothing,’ said Miss Sinclair, ‘and dear Lady Ennismore —may I ask you a favor ]— but please do not be very angry with Miss Drummond, nor yet tell her that I told you about these foolish walks]’ 1 1 am not angry with the child, only greatly annoyed,’answered Lady Ennis more; and she opened the hay window before which she was standing as she spoke, and went out on the terrace beyond. It was now quite dusk. Overhead a half-moon wascasting its fitful beams from amid the drifting clouds on the dark fir trees, which stood out sombre and gloomy in the uncertain light. The cold white rays too, fell in weird and fantastic shadows on the walks, and on the trim and well-kept ever greens, and somehow as Lady Ennis more hurried on in her way through the grounds, her thoughts, went back to her dead brother—to Norman Mal den, who had been so strangely cut off in his early prime. She remembered how he had partly planned this place; how he had planted some of these very holly trees on which the moonlight was falling, and how they had grown on and on, while his memory had almost faded away. She gave a quick, sharp sigh, as.she thought this. The stillness and silence of the place seemed almost to frighten her. The shadows of the past came near her, and involuntarily she glanced round, and stood looking for a moment at the great dark hills behind, where amid the heather they had found her young brother dead. In the meantime the two whom she had gone out to seek were standing to gether hand in hand, thinkingonly of the blissful present. They were lovers, but not yet declared lovers, and were in that state of sweet uncertainty,, of happy excitement, of strange new joy, which is the prelude to a bright future, or to great and woful pain. ‘ Do not go yet,’ Francis Roche was saying. ‘ Every thihg seems so dreary when you leave me.’ ■ ‘ A November evening is not pro verbially bright, you know,’ replied Helen Drummond with some archness, and she would have drawn her hand away, hut the young man held it fast. ‘ Helen,’ he said, more earnestly, ‘ do not really go yet. I want to speak to you—l want to tell you—well, it seems so stupid to say it, yet it is the truth—that it is in your power now to make my future life happy—or indeed weariness enough.’ Before the girl could reply to this disjointed sentence, while she stood blushing and trembling a little, and with her eyes cast down, a footstep was heard approaching, and Roche suddenly released her hand. The next minute Lady Ennismore’s tall figure appeared on the very path on which the young lovers were stand ing. She did not see them at once, for they were partly beneath the shadow of some fir trees, but the moonlight fell on her face, and both Roche and Helen recognised her. ‘Here is Lady Ennismore,’ said Helen, with some embarrassment. ‘Yes,’ answered Roche, ‘so I see.’ And though he felt greatly annoyed, he was of course , obliged to follow Helen, who moved forward to meet Lady Ennismore. Lady Ennismore received them both very quietly. ‘Helen, my child, is that you ]’ she said, as Helen somewhat deprecatingly and timidly laid her hands on Lady Ennismore’s. ‘lt is too late for you to be out, dear,’ she continued, ‘ so run to the house as fast as you can, and ask Miss Sinclair, who is in the draw ing-room, to give you some tea.’ Helen hesitated for a moment and looked at Roche. ‘Go at once, dear, said Lady Ennis more, ‘and Mr Roche, will you stay and take a turn with me] I have a headache, and I think the air will do me good.’ Helen left them as Lady Ennismore said these words, and. then in her usual sweet and gentle manner Lady Ennis more addressed Roche. ‘ I have sent the child away, Mr Roche,’ she said, * because I want a few words—a few confidential words with you.’ ‘I shall .be delighted to listen, of course,’ said Roche, though he certainly did not feel so. ‘ It is about Helen—Helen Drum mond,’ proceeded Lady Ennismore, and she put her hand through Roche’s arm. ‘ Let us walk down the path—yes, I want to talk to you about the child— they tell me you sometimes walk with her—and—well, Mr Roche, I am about to ask you to do so no more. 5 ‘ Why, Lady Ennismore?’ said Roche, with some sharpness. ‘ Because you are a good-looking young man,’ answered Lady Ennis more, with rather a forced smile, ‘ and she is a country girl, unused to the world, unaccustomed to receive atten tion, • and it will only unsettle her to be with you—only perhaps make her unhappy.’ ‘I would never willingly do that, I am sure,’said Roche. ‘ I am sure you would not, yet it might be so if you were constantly with her. Do not, therefore, see her any more, Mr Roche; Helen is a nice girl, and I would guard her from any [: trouble if I could.’ 1 But, Lady Ennismore,’ answered Roche after a momentary hesitation,, and with a slight break in his voice, ‘you do not surely imagine that I should bring any possible trouble to Miss Drummond if I could help it 1 You must know, I am sure you must know, that in seeking her I have only, one meaning—-that if I were, happy enough to win her regard— ’ ‘ Hush, hush, Mr Roche,’ interrupted Lady Ennismore : with unmistakable [ agitation of manner, I do not speak thus. There can be nothing between you and Helen; nothim?, nothing, put the very idea out of your mind.’ ‘But why, Lady Ennismore 1’ again asked Roche. ‘Because,’ answered Lady Ennis more with a strange quiver in her voice, ‘ Helen is not in a position to think of you—to be anything to you. You must promise me, Mr Roche, pro mise me on your word of honor as a gentleman never to hint anything of this kind to Helen.’ Lady Ennismore said these last words eagerly, and bent forward so that she might see the expression on the young man’s face, but with an an noyed air Roche turned away his head. ‘I will make no promise,’ he said. ‘ But you must,’ urged Lady Ennis more. ‘Mr Roche listen to me,’ and she clasped her hand tightly on his arm. ‘lt is for your good lam speak ing,’ she continued, ‘ for your good and for Helen’s good. She can be nothing to you—do you understand, nothing! If you have thought of anything, or she has thought of anything, she must go away—she must return to her rela tion Miss Drummond.’ ‘You surely would not send her away, Lady Ennismore ?’ ‘Yes! would,’answered Lady Ennis more, ‘ I will. Anything would lie better than that you ’ ‘ Lady Ennismore,’ said Roche very earnestly, ‘ it is unkind of you to speak thus—to speak in riddles. Why—do answer me—why would it lie such a dreadful thing if I were to ask Miss Drummond to be my wife 1 !’ Lady Ennismore withdrew her arm hastily from Roche’s, and with a sudden, almost a grasping sigh, put bet hand over her face. ‘ I entreat you to answer me,’ said Roche looking at her in great surprise. ‘ What is there about me, what is there about Miss Drummond that renders our future marriage so impossible?’ Again Lady Ennismore gave a gasp ing sigh, and then moving . her hand from her face, she looked at Roche with strange wistfulness. ‘lt is like fate,’ she murmured, as if she were thinking rather than speak ing; ‘ like the hand of fate;’ ‘ Will you answer my question ? urged Roche, ‘ Why is it impossible?’ Lady Ennismore tried to rouse her self at these words. Sue looked at Roche, she considered, and then she said slowly and painfully— ‘There is a shadow on Helen Drum mond’s birth, that renders such an idea absolutely impossible. You must not think of her, she must not think of you. I cannot tell you any more, only I entreat you, I beg you to go away, to forget her, to see her no more.’ ‘ A shadow on her birth ?’■ repeated Roche, with both dismay and sorrow in his tone. Lady Ennismore did not speak. She stood there pale, trembling, and so visibly agitated that Roche felt that he could not urge her to tell him any more at that moment. ' ‘ The subject seems a distressing one to you, Lady Ennismore,’ he said, after thinking for a few seconds. ‘Perhaps some other time— ’ ‘Yes,’ said Lady Ennismore quickly, ‘some other time we will talk of it aagin; but let us go in now, for I feel cold, so very cold.’ And Lady Ennis more shivered. ‘lt is cold,* answered Roche; and he changed the conversation, and together they proceeded towards the house. But just as they reached the bay window in the drawing-room, by which Lady Ennismore had left it, and which was still standing open, Lady Ennis more laid her hand for moment on Roche’s arm. ‘ Remember,’ she said emphatically, ‘ what I have told you,’ and the next minute she passed on and entered by the bay window into the lighted draw ing-room beyond. Roche followed her. Here they found Lord Ennismore drinking tea and talking to Miss Sinclair. Curzon, not drinking tea, talking to the pale, fair Julia Bingham, and Helen Drum mond, who looked flushed and agitated standing apart. . ‘My dear,’ said Lord Ennismore, looking round as his wife went into the room, ‘have you been taking a walk by moonlight? ‘Yes,’ answered Lady Ennismore, smiling, but as she approached the fire she shivered again. ‘ Why, Katie, you are as a pale as a ghost,’ exclaimed Lord Ennismore, still looking at her. ‘Give me a cup of hot tea for her, Miss Sinclair?’ While Miss Sinclair was pouring out the ' tea, and Lady Ennismore was warming her chilled hands by the fire, Roche took the opportunity of half whispering a few words in Helen’s ear. ‘ I want to say something to you, Helen,’ he said. ‘When can I do so? Helen hesitated, and her already flushed face grew crimson. Then, before she could frame a reply, Lady Ennismore looked sharply round, and Roche observing this moved quietly from Helen’s side. {To be continued.) 