THE STORY-TELLER. ! Á A GHOST IN A PALACE. If I were to tell my friends and a quaintauces of this practical age that lived for some years in a palace at n ease, had free right to wander over i magnificent apartments, to disport myse in its' tennis courts and pleasure ground with vassals-or, rather, a vassal-at n eide.they would wink, shake their kuowii heads, and probably ask me if I ha started a new edition of " fairy talos.'' But such is, nevertheless a fact. I m only lived in a palace, but drew ray fir breath, opened my round and probabi wondering eyes upon scenes of pai glories.' lu a word, I was born in a win of this celebrated palace, standing on tl rirer Wensuoj,, at Norwich, owned by th renowned but ïïï-fâlied^uke of Norf oil w)io want tp his ¡grave without hip bea for attempting to establish the power t the n^^1:p-f«led l^My^lf^w Grei Macaulay grows ; eloquent in*; describí ? A the building. He speaks of its splêudou 'am hbw the drinking? vessels .wera Vbf:: gob and the cpmmqjuer kind .of sterlin öävor.p Ht^fuaoiinfowns the' reader^ th? Italian artists^were employed to décorai the panels with beautiful (pictures, and thc "iOuke's Palace _was the fiuest tow house out of London. ... ... rWith regard to the goldc and stive v|ssélB>.I<»n8ayáothing, as I.'néver sai any, or heard, 4>f.-auy being .found. M "^christening .mug," I fear, was-;nothiuj better than electroplate,' and that of third-class quality, tor "wo"¡were a *\poq lot ;" but Boan'ap^k^as ^^he works o the Julian njasters. On the landings-o some of which a^çpach and four migh hjive,stood^ cömf örtkbj^y-tho' panels ¡hot tracéis of 'bygone arï. ; : My father followed the'craft of a gold beater, aud çvéïr^ a .carved 5 porch wa 8U8pB"nde^ the. insignia. of "his. calling brazen armV^tha^Wllet poised ¿lott i theotóhchoáfioti i '.-,-j I We kept one servant (my vassap^namej Matilda Hedges, a ^amsolr who borro nfet op-style, bocksnp&mxlfito; cirnnlat»ni library,- ¿od went- tb:*6a> repleté*1 witl timpjsjmrjjusiu. «««.««-J.,,« Occasionally I would creep do wn toilu kitchen-it -had boen -a - servants hail ii former days-to give Matilda a scare The scene Uvplain enough before ino now : A small table which looked as if it hal löst its way, and wandered into th« cryptrof a^church-a guttering candle abd a âma^ï fire^ml|igrate at which a sheep, might have been roasted.' - \ Poor«NatildaJ -My parents made hei as comfortable as circumstances would allow, ' hal 1 ' have' of ton wondered thal amid the {[loom and shadows of. that dis mal rejeion she did nof conjure hp plentj of ghosts without the aid of "ThejGasttt of Ontario " and " The Seven Footstep! of the Dungeon." : WjTenoveir* I announced my presenct witb^a ' guidin-liko yell, 4be circulating library buffered. One portion of it went clean £veiv her head, detrimental, to tts binding and'general arrangement, and Matilda, who was perhaps, absorbed in a thrilling episode, wo »ld lura very white, and utter strange sounds in her throat suggestive of the energetic winding-np of the kitchen -clock.' ? - , But she forgave me almost immediately. The girl loved me. She had held me in her arms as a baby, put up. with my child is)! *ays, petted and spoilt nie, and I be- lieve ehe would have got up in ¿he middle of à winter's night and trudge on her bars feet ten miles over a stony road to do me a service. . ^ Ono night 1 think it was in tho middle of October--a mighty-storm of wind rain s wept over the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like .'a pack of fiends let loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks of chimneys rocked, and every new and then came a crash telling of destruction of property, and perhaps injury to limb' . and life. My father was at work in a room at the top of the house, but he could stand it no longer. He came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was full of sounds snch as he had never heard before, 4L the fluttering of thousands of huge wings, *^ hoarse, unearthly cries, «nd eocasionaliy a loud thad, as if something liad fallen from the clouds. My grandmother, who resided with ns at the time, - referred him at once to Bunyan's " Holy War," and to improve the occasion, fished that most excellent, shook from a book case, and began to read fromitinasjsQlemn tones. as though she were refreshing our memories with the Service for the Tburial of ihe ¿Doad. ,> ; Not far from our house-palace, X Bhould say-was tho ancient church of St. ' Mary-in-tbe-Marsh, and above the storm we thought we could hear the booming of: the big bell from time to time. " Heaven preserve us ?" said my father, who waa pacing the room like a caged tiger. "We shall have the. house down .Ahmt our ears presently.:-ih:-L£li ¿Si This was rather an unkind thing' foi mother to say to her son, who charged 1 not for board and lodging ; but my fat! passed it over, and observing that frig was driving me fast to the borders idocy, eat at my side and spoke words encouragement to me. He told me that such conflicts of t elements were all 6ont to fulfil the la> of Creation, and without the air would t come8o filled with impurities that wo cou not live. " Lightning kills blight and clears i atmosphere," he was saying, when t room became filled with a horrid quivc ing glare of steel blue, and the ne instant n. terrific peal of thunder drown« the voice of the hurricane. "I cannot sit hero and know that M tilda ia ¿lone," cried my mother, starlit up. "Matilda! Girl! Matilda! comet here and sit with us." Matilda came up very slowly. She w; j trembling in-every nerve, and her fa* was as white as if it had been bleachx abd powdered with Chinese flake af te Wards. My mother gave her a few teaspoonfu of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept on for medicinal purposes, and Matilda, aft thro^ng her apron over., her head, ai giving vent to á few spasmodic sobs, wi able to speak. "Oh,marm," she said, "tkisismói thau,a.s|orm. The coal« and cinders fié out of tho grate just now just as if som body had caught them np,in their hand And thou. down.the chimney-oh, gót gracious, me !-I heard sounds liko peop fighting and cursing.". ' "A judgment on the wicked city, declared my grandmother. " Well, * have led a good life, and I am prepared I go.". "Thatmust console you immensely, said my father, testly. " What norisen; isthjar1 I was wrong to mention anj thing about strange sounds. Of - .cou« lhere would be no end to them in such storm as this. There, there ! thc wind-i dropping, and the storm clouds are rollin W"..-.-, ..^. Ü fèally'iiBliovo that my grandmothe 'felt disappointed at thissatisfactory stat of affairs; and that she would have like at least one gablo of tboJiouse io com jlown with ..a rattle.. Jiut,^jbathaiu.jsh would have cared to be under it is anothe question. The storm passed away, -and thei the streets and courts i>ecame full o people. Men sud women shook handi with each other, as we are told they dh at the cessation of thei great plague o London; but.on returning home I wai .rather surprised at .hearing , my grand mother, . who had been /dooming tin city', tp destruction, ' ask 'my fattier tc ?sing, '< AU round my hat I wear a grebe willow "-a song then much in vogue. ' But my father was in ho mood for sing ing. He ordered me to bed, and I startet on the dark journey up stairs, aud finallj found niyself in my accustomed bedroom lt contained no less tlianfivo windows with doomed shaped panes, each being opened with an iron bar drilled with holes tb "be fitted to à peg as occasion demanded. ?, -Qui; forefathers, we are told, were heavj drinkers, and in one respect I am certain they were fond of draughts. When those windows wore parkly open, it was à fight ' bet wees cold in the head and Constitution, and the fórmér ' "generally gained the mastery. There were tall cupboards, too, in that room, in which men sis feet high conld^have otood upright without fear of knocking their .heads, and huge beams, such , aa would make a " jerry builder " i oí today stare, crossing the ceiling. My little bed stood near the door-a massive cak affair fitted with an iron latch, locally termed. a "«natch"-and many a night ' when the moonbeams played at hide-and-seek with the shadoWs of me ivy, I 4tave4ain and wondéred what oort of people, occupied that room wheu the duke and his, friends^ quaffed- sack and canary ont of golden goblets.' At the time of which I am writing I was jiwt ¿sixteen .years, of . age, strong, healty, and in no wise superstitious. To live in pucuja place, :svhere nt TinghV strange nbises'arê ks plentiful are green goose be .ai rWMtsaHtídG» takes all the ghost nonsense ont of one. ' ' T slept and dreamed -as " peacefully as any youth-in -a-- jnoderu villa with a policeman on point duty at the corner of tho road. The storm had tried my nerves, and in- stead of setting sail for the harbour of shadowland a few minutes after going on board, as was my usual custom, I lay wide I awake. !_ I heard the clock ot St*Mary-m-the Marsh strike ten, eleven,iañd iwelve, but thereat lay¿ otaritig ^tiih'e ^eilîugî or, rather, in the direction : of. it, for the night was as black asjpUcb, and listening i to the fretful sighing of the .wind, which seemed inclined to tune up again on the slightest .provacotion, ^ . Wow, a sleepless boy is a misery (o himself. I turned this way aud rolled that, 1" rubbed ray nose till it was sore, latfdjpulleci my hair till the éètjrtyiâni oí\> Just an the chimes proclaimed half-past twelve, I heard a sound which certainly did not belong te the wind. It was the pattering of feet not far from my room, and the owner of these feet was singing. It was not such melody as an ordinary person would indulge in, but a weird kind of croning, with no time or tune to it, but prolonged notes, then short gasps, and then long- drawn, mournful sobs. I had more hair on my head than I have now-a fact of which I am often re- minded by an exasperating hairdresser, who, with a shilling's worth of load, cold water, and sulphur, implores me not to be " thin on the top." Well, I felt my yonthful locks rise and flutter. Every drop of blood in my veins tingled, and then congealed. I was conscious that I was trying to cry out, but I was tongue-tied, and as helpless as if chained hand . and foot. Suddenly re-action set in. I leaped from my bed, threw open the door, and fainted: for there within a few paces of me, and stalking down tho corridor, was a white figure-grim, ghastly, horrible, and dis- tinct, in relief of the jet-like darkness! I awoke, cold and shivering, and crawled back to bed just as dawn broke, My father was an earlier viser, and as soon as I knew that he was about, I went to him and stated what I had seen and heard. He reasoned with me, argued with me, and rebuked me, but all in vain. ."You were dreaming," he said, dis- missing rae with an impatient sweep of his strong arm. " Don't say anything of thia outside, as people will call ray son a coward." But it so happened that my grand- mother, who slept somewhere in "the parish," as the house was facetiously termed at times, joined mo in the ghost seeing line. On tho following night she was roused from her righteous slumbers by light foot- falls and singing. "First," explained the old lady, "I thought that somebody was siogiug a hymn, but as I listened I made sure that the voice belonged to sorae unholy spirit, and nnholy spirits are not given to sing- ing hymns. Well, my dears, I opened the door, and peeped out, and there--- Stars above! if over a woman saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate woman." My father grew perplexed, but at the same time was iaclined to treat the matter in a satirical manner. "Perhaps," said he, "the ghost fell down one of the chimneys during the storm. If so, poor thing, we must lay a trap eatch it, but we must use it very gently* I should suggest,a glass ease, where it would look well on the parlour table." It was a dreadful thing to live in & haunted house. I begged to have my bedroom changed, and my request was granted. ' Grandmother burnt a light all nîght, > and . laid in a stock of texts to frighten the restless spirit away, and,, strangely enough, it departed. But only to return. One night_tny father opened the. door of my roora, and announced himself in such a style as not to cause me alarm. ^ "Get up and,dress.yourself," he said. " I want you to come with me." "Where to?" Í asked, naturally enough, as I rubbed my eyes. " Over the house," he replied. " Some- body is playing the Jool here." Now, as there were only five of ns to play the fool, foe question was, who could it be ? Not" my grandmother, who was snoring as loudly as if she had not been to bed for a month ; not my mother; and as for the faithful and gentle ^Matilda, she was the last creature on earth .to- play practical jokes. "1 have Been something, and I have heard something," my father said. " Was-was it all in white P" I faltered: " It might have been clothed in white, .or grey, or striped," my father, replied ; " but it certainly had something white on its head. Listen !" From the region of the kithen came strange sounds.. The fender, fire-irons, chairs and table seemed to be holding carnival, for they were moving about ono after the other. Then the cups, saucers, and dishes be- gan to rattle about; aud then somebody (and we could hear the words as we crept further down), began sluging : Six days I work with all my might To keep the pots and kettles bright, But I will have my Sunday,; "Why-why"-- ' *' Don't speak," said my father, inter- rupting me in a whisper. "Follow me." Down the stains we stole, my father shading me with his hand the candle he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. And there was Matilda, in a neat print dress, cap, and apron, sound asleep, and going through a semblance of her work as cheerfully as possible. She made no mistake, no slip ; every- thing went off in apple-pie. order-at least, apparently to her mind-r£pr, after giving, é.tjfcwMà$-^tor» ¿váú^ufyo? * * # # * # Eearly the next morning my fatber done the wisest possible thing. He sent for a doctor, who, concluding tbat the circulating library had proved a little too much for Matilda's brain, advised the "cold water care." That night when Matilda was fast aleep, my mother placed on each side of the bed two bath towels steeped in water. Whether Matilda in her sleep stood and pondered on this dampness of the weather I cannot 6ay,but she did not disturb the household, and was affected the next day with what she was pleased to call " the snuffles." The " cold-water euro " was repeated for several nights, but it was soon dis- . pensed with. Matilda did her work at the proper time, and we never had another ghost in the palace. -Weekly Budget. 