SCRAPS. (Fbom Live Stock Journal.1) Mr. Rudyard Kipling (son of the author of ' Beast and Man in India') — whilst little more than a lad — contributed, to a Lahore paper, in 1886, a report of an entertainment just given by the Maharaja of Kash mir. This included sports of the arena, i.e., fights with birds and beasts. 'As soon as all the rams were disposed of, certain -vicious shrieks and squeals gave evidence that the horses were being got ready : and the police set about widening the ring. Presently a bay Galloway and a black pony danced out : dragging their attendants after them, at the end of a long rope. The instant they were let go, they ran open-mouthed at each other : then turned tail to tail and kicked savagely for five minutes — the black suffering most. Then after the manner of horses all the world over, they turned round and closed : each striking with liis fore feet and striving to fix his teeth in the other's crest. They squealed shrilly as they boxed and finally rose on end — a magnificent sight — locked iu each other's arms. The bay, loosening his hold on the black's poll, made a suatch at tho black's near fore leg : which was at once withdrawn. Both then dropped to the ground together and kicked and bit at close quarters till the bay fled with the black after him through the crowd. . . . Buffaloes fight like men : and rams like fools ; but horses fight like demons with keen enjoyment and much skill.' Furthermore, Mr. Lockwood Kipling went to see the Maharaja's stables ; in which, of one kind or another, there were about 200 horses. Over the stables was a Yorkshireman ; who thus delivered himself : ' How do we manage to keep the horses so quiet ? You'll find some of the youngsters play the goat, a good deal, when they come out o' stable : but there's no vice generally. It's this way 1 We don't allow any currycombs. If we did, the men would be wearing out their brushes on the curry-combs 1 It's all elbow grease, here. They've got to go over the horses, with their hands. They must handle 'em : and, a native he's afeared of a horse Now an Eng lish groom, when the horse is playing the fool, clips him over the head with a curry-comb, or punches him in the belly : and that hurts the horse's feel ing. A native, he just stands back till the tvoubie's over. He must handle the horse : or he'd get into trouble for not dressing him. So it conies to this, all handling and no licking ; and that's why you won't get hold of a really vicious brute in these stables.' It was a peculiarity of these stables that they contained several cripples. ' No horses are shot at Jodhpur, and when one dies his funeral is an event. He is wrapped in a white sheet, which is strewn with flowers : and amid the weeping of the grooms is borne away to the burial ground.' The account goes on : ' Each horse has one groom at least : Ringwood, he had four : and we make 'em work. If we didn't we'd be mucked up to the horses' bellies in no time. Everything is cleared off at once : and whenever the sand is tainted it is renewed. There is quite enough sand hereabouts. Of course, we can't keep their coats so bright, by reason of their rolling : but we can keep 'em pretty clean.' This purity, adds the reporter, is very strik ing, ' not the ghost of a stcncli polluted the keen morning air.' The quotations, hitherto, have been about horses : but the chapter about cattle is even more suggestive. The ox fills a larger space in Indian story than the horse. The ox not only 'does all the farm work but some of the light traffic on the roads_as well. He is a famous trotter. It is plain that Indian cattle make their descent from some different primeval stock to the European ; for they do not low but grunt. The bull, before charging, hisses like an angry goose. The Indian ox furnishes the native with many similes and proverbs. It is rare to get any story told in Hindoo which does not contain an illustration from the peculiarities of cattle. A much suffering native will say of himself that he is 'all oilman's ox ' — the work of the mills which express oil being the heaviest and most persistent. As in England, so in India, the ox works freely when he is talked to ; and faster still when he is sung to. No English worker of bullocks is worth his salt who has not a glib tongue. Wo recollect when ploughing oxen were common in Norfolk, hearing the bailiff raise the objection to employing one particular ploughman with the ox team, ' He is such a dull chap. He has no conversation.' In India, writrs Mr. Lockwood Kipling, ' the herds man is a vocalist.' The cattle are generally docile to the natives, but they resent European handling. The Hindoo has a proverb (which j ustifies a cow that resents, with her horn, in terference with her calf). This brings out from Mr. Lockwood Kipling the following story : — A Yorkshire farmer had a son who meddled with a new born calf : and got a poke from the mother for his pains. A lady visitor, on the side of strong measures — as her sex are wont to be — urged the farmer to flog the cow. But the dalesman replied, ' Why, no, marm, the cow were in her dooty. We must all protect her young.' The question having been raised many centuries ago, whether the young of animals copy their parents by seeing how they act, or whether they act by some innate instinct, without initia tion, Galen thus solved the problem : — ' Dissecting some goats great with young, and finding, in one, the foetus able to stir, I loosed it from the matrix, after our usual method, and I snatched it away before it could have seen its mother. I brought it into a separate room, in which were set many vessels, some full of milk, some of wiae, some of oil, some of honey, not a few filled with fruits and with several kinds of grain. The kid did, after a while, get up and walk, as if it had heard that legs were for that purpose. It smelt at every one of those things that were set in the room ; and when it had smelled at them all, it supped up the milk. It being about the time of the vernal equinox, I brought to it the tender shoots of shrubs and plants. It re fused some, at once; others it was pleased to taste ; and after a while, ate of all those that are the natural food of goats. Presently it did lie down and begin to chew the cud. This did seem to us wonderful — not that it should take food and chew it when it was hungry — but that, when it had swallowed it into one stomach, it should bring it up again, and chew it afresh and send it down into another stomach ; this was wonderful indeed.' Grey horses are becoming increas ingly rare. There was a time when it was said you could not go along Lon don Bridge without seeing a grey horse, and the traffic thereon was less formerly than it is at present. The bridge may be frequently traversed now without the proverbial experience. There is nothing to be regretted in the scarcity of grey horses, picturesque though they may be, for they readily get soiled, and are troublesome to clean. Then the grey markings are not permanently fixed — they pale with age. The dappled of to-day becomes the white of to-morrow. And when one buys a horse of his choice he usually wishes it to retain its original appearance. Besides, persons wish it to be thought thej* are driving a gay young horse, but if it be white everyone knows it is almost cer tain to be an ' old 'un.' The industry of sheep-breeding in New Mexico, according to an official report just published, is in a very prosperous state. Prices have lately been good, yieiding about 20 per cent, on the capital invested. There is no such a disease known as ' dry rot,' the climate being too dry. Prices of sheep in herds differ noticeably in different countries in New Mexico. The increase in the number of sheep in 1891 as compared with 1890 was about 60 per cent, in the eastern part of the State, but it is impossible to obtain accurate statistics from the other Counties. The total amount of the wool crop is estimated at 16,000,000 lb. There is plenty of good grass and water in all the districts for sheep. The average price is for yearling wethers 1 dol. 25c., and for old wethers 2 dol. 50c. The cooling of milk immediately ! after it is drawn from the cow is said to be of the greatest assistance in de laying fermentation, and it is thought to be the most practical method which can now be recommended. It is commonly said that the oldest representative body in the country is Parliament : and that this goes back to some date in the bygone past so ancient that no one dare say in what year it took place. But there is another annual gathering which is almost, if not quite, as old : and that is the meeting of the shepherds of the three counties of Yorkshire, Derby shire, and Cheshire, to restore to each other (and to claim the return of) sheep which during the past twelve months, have strayed upon their liberties. This institution is known to have been carried through for cen turies : and, every year, nearly 100 sheep are produced to find owners for them. On one occasion a small flock was driven in vain to these meetings for two or three years in succession : and then it was ' sold to pay expenses.' A similar place of exchange used to exist in the Border counties : ' and probably in districts further north, and on the Welsh Mountains. It would be curious to endeavour to collect the record of these very ancient sheep-courts, for that is what they really are : and the older shepherds are virtually in the position of judges : and have to decide whether the claimants of the various strayed sheep have made out their right to them or not. Salt makes animals more lively, strong, and capable of resisting disease. Their flesh is harder, and the func tions of the organism are more regular. Their digestion is better, and thev can exist on fodder that otherwise might be injurious to health. Moreover, with the assistance of salt, they can extract more nourishment from a given quality of fodder, since the flow of the digestives liquids is more copious. Hence it is of special import ance with foods difficult to digests, since tho later may readily produce disturbances in the digestive process, and be a cause of sickness. Red Polled cattle have been gener ally classed among the beef breeds, says an exchange, but there seems to be evidence now that they have some claim to be recognised as dairy animals, or at least, as good ' general purpose,' uniting good beef and good milking quali ties. We believed this breed is bound to gain popularity, both because of its intrinsic worth and because many people are beginning to favour hornless cattle, yet do not want to practice de horning. If the cow finds the milker to be her friend, she yields with pleasure to the operation, as frequently the distended udder is painful, and enjoys the relief, and regards the operator as her best friend. But unfortunately there are but few good milkers. And the great est trouble with the dairy is to get good and kind ones. The White Ant workers never ven ture in sight except in extreme cases. No one is ignorant of the terrible des truction these insects occasion to the works of man. Invisible to those whom they threaten, £hey push on their galleries to the very walls of their houses. They perforate the floors, the beams, the wood-work, the furniture, respecting always the surface of the objects attacked in such a manner that it is impossible to be aware of their hidden ravages. They even take care to prevent the buildings they eat away from filling up with mortar the parts they have hollowed out. But these precautions are only employed if the place seems suitable, and if they intend to prolong they sojourn there. In the other case they destroy the wood with inconceivable rapidity. They have been known in one single night, to pierce the whole of a table leg from top to bottom, and the table itself ; and then, still con tinuing to pierce their way, to descend through the opposite leg, after having devoured the contents of a trunk placed upon the table. 'John, you were talking in your sleep last night, and you frequently spoke in terms of endearment to a certain Euphemia. Who is Euphe rnia?' 'Why, my dear, that was my — my sister's name.' ' John I your sister's name was Jane.' ' Yes, dear, but we called her Euphemia for short.' He (fishing for loving protesta tions) : ' My angel, I do not believe I am worthy to be your husband.' She (thoughtfully): 'That's just what my mother says.' ' How much coal is there, Susan 1 How long will it last ?' ' Well, ma'am, it will last quite awhile if you don't have any fires.' ' Then there isn't much left ?' ' There isn't any left, ma'am.' 