TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1892. Sale of Land,-etc.—"We have to again remind ail those interested that Mr. L. DeGaris will hold an auction sale of land, sheep, cattle, horses, farming implements etc., at the'farm ofMr.E. £L Eagland on Thursday -next. An .error was made in the advertisement of this sale.appearmg in .oar last issue. It is stated that 4,000 acres , of freehold land. would be offered by auc tion, whereas it should have read 4,000 acres of leasehold. As Mr. Eagland has decided to leave the district this land is for positive sale, and we are informed it can he'obtained at a very "low figure. ■ The Nabracooete Races.—The an-' nual race meeting of the Narracoorte Club will he hela on Wednesday, and with fine weather should prove the most successful sporting gathering'' ever held under the auspices of; the Club. The acceptances ^for the various handicaps are large, and it is pretty: certain that..the other events will all'up well. The course is in beautiful order, and the surroundings this time of year are „a treat. Last year, through the liberality .bL ai member-of-the Coursing Club, the Plumpton was' laid down in English grasses, which have grown remarkably well, and there is now a lovely, green. sward over a considerable ■ portion of the. ground.- No doubt there' will be a large attendance, and we hope, the meeting will pass.pffi successfully, and without any mishap.' ' : .a. MBETfHO or creditors of Mr. A. T Anderson was held at Mount Gambler on Friday last. The statement submitted to the meeting'showed the liabilities to be £380 in nxcess ,of,.-the assets, The .meeting': adjourned with a View of seeing whether Mr, Anderson could" arrange to offer a 'composition of 5s in the pound, Mr, J. A. Berndt, farmer, of Miilieent, has found it necessary to call his creditors together. At the meeting ah offer of 7s 6d in the pound was made, but declined, and it was decided that the estate should be assigned to Mr. S. J; Stuckey for the benefit of the creditors. The debts are put down at £130, and the assets are valued at £100. Last week a bazaar was held at Milli .cent in aid of the local Roman Catholic Church, which realised £196. ' The Rev. J. Lumsdon, priest in charge . of'the South'East mission of the Church of Bhgland, conducted service in Christ Church, Mount Crumbier, on Sunday morning last. Between £50 and £60 has been col lected for the benefit of the widow of the. late_ Mr. F. Wheeler, who committed: suicide at Mount Gambler a few weeks ago. < • The Assistant Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. L. W. 'Stanton) conducted a preliminary examination for the University at Mount Gambler last week. Six boys presented themselves for examination. Loans to Blockers,—The Government of this colony have advanced £835 .to 33 blockliolders in sums varying from ;£5 to £40under the Blockholders' Loan Act passed last 'session.' There are. some ap plications in hand not; yet reported upon. ■These will'more than ekhahst the amount granted-.by-Parliament for-the purpose for the preseiit-Eaancial year eliding June 30 next. Any' further applications- re ceived and some of those how in hand will, be-disposed of after June 30; -: ' TiiE "Victorian Parliamentary Standing! Committee oh Railways are considering the advisability ■ ofJ connecting the "Victorian railways with the waterway of the River Hurray near the'junction'of the Darling by a line of railway across the Malice country via Mildura. By constructing such a line they hope to'-obtain a Sliare of the Broken Hill trade. . ■ Loans amounting to £143 have' been granted to the District Ooucil of Tatrara under the Vermin Proof Fencing Act. The following are the amounts of the. loans;—Emily Martlew, £78; and 'Thomas i Hugh Spofcswood, £70. ... ;. Wesleyan Conference,—The Wesle. yan Conference had a debate last week on religion in SlateSehools; The B,ev, 3 Nicholson moYfid-^1 That this Conference" expresses its willingness to co-operate j with the National Scripture Education League to secare the provision for the; education of cbil<3ren in Scriptural morals ; without denominational dogma, and re cords the conviction that such instrnctiou can be given without offence to the con «oience -of—any,—without-estending the hoursof school sessionor adding materially to the labours of the teachers, and with. . great iand growing advantage to the chil dren of the State irrespective of Church or Joarty." As an "amendment the Rev." J, B. Stephenson moved—" That this con ference express its conviction that further agitation for the introduction of religions instruction into oar State schools at the cost of the State is undesirable, and strongly urges our ministers ana people to promote the efficiency of our Sunday schools, Bible classes, and other agencies for the religions instruction of the young, and to press upon them the duty of godly care for the young in the family and the Church.11 Forty members voted for the resolution and l3 against it, resulting in the Bev. J. Nicholson's motion being carried. ' School Boards of Advice.—A pro clamation. appears in last " Gazette" re moving-the -whole of the members of thirty-three Boards of Advice. Among the number removed are the Fort Mac Donnell and Bobe Boards, The resigna tion of all the members of thirty-nine Boards have been accepted, among the number being the members of the Narra coorte Board. ✓The South Australian railway revenuo is still showing a falling/off as compared with the previous year. New School Districts. — In last week's "Gazette" the boundaries of the new sohools districts are described. The Kingston District comprises the Hundreds of Lacepede, Mount Benson, and Bowaka; the Lucindale District the Hundreds of Tdwnsend, Conmurra, and' Joyce; the Narracoorte District the Hundreds of Lochaber, Spence, Narracoorte, Jessie, Bobertson, and Joanna ; the District of Penola the Hundreds of Killanoola, •Comauro, Mbnballa, Grey, and Nangwary; the Bobe District the Hundred of Water house; and the District of Border. Town the-Hundreds of Tatiara. "Wirresa. and Stirling. The election of members of Boards of Advice will be*held 'on Satur ,day>A.pril30, and the last .day for the receipt of lfonunajabiiB will- be Saturday, April 16. The following* have' been ap pointed returning-officers :—Narracoorte District, Mr. Charlies Wainwright j King ston District, Mr. W. J. Edwards; Luein daleiDistrict, Miss Helen G. McKay; Border Town District, Mr. Goo. Scott; Bote District, Mr. Ed. M. Whitington; and Penola District, Mr. Jas. Fowler. The Wesley an Conference deprecates veiy earnestly the doubtful, sometimes the positively compromising,' attitude which members and even officials of their chnrch show with regard to • dancing, the theatre, and other essentially worldly The Narracoorte Licensing Bench will hold, its annual meeting on Friday next, id i when publicans, storekeepers, and other liqnor .licenses will be renewed. Emctokax. Dibtmct op Aebebt.—A Court of Beyision for the electoral Dis trict of Albert will be held at the office of the fieturning Officer (Mr. A. Wallace, J.P.) on March 28 at 11a. m. A number of names now on the rolls for the Legis lative Council and the House of Assembly are objected to, the majority of them oh the ground or baring left the district. Concert by the Blind.—Ob Thurs day evening the inmates of the Industrial School for the Blind, Adelaide, wili give a eoneert in the Institute HalL The con certs given by these performers are well worth, heating, and as the proceeds-go towards the fnnds of the Institution, we trust the people of Narracoorte will not' be. behind in extending liberal patronage on this occasion. The Company appear' at Lncindale to-morrow night. The Railway Commissioners in'New South Wales nave decided to close the railway workshops every Saturday int. stead of reducing the number of hands as they , first intended to dp owing to the slackness of traffic.'" Respecting the dispute between the Queensland Government and the Bank of England,Sir Samuel Griffiths has for waraedaletter expressing the regret of the Government for the misunderstanding that has occurred.and stating that he had been misinformed in the matter. Another Big Sale of Mallee Land. —The second great shbdivisional sale of mallee allotments in the Ultima Estate is advertised in onr columns to take place on the 25th inst., - at Bell's Hall, Swan Hill. Land round Swan Hill is equal, and in some instances far 'superior to any in Northern Victoria.. ierms and conditions at this sale: -at® very easy. The. vendor has had many applications to sell remaining blocks privately ; but has decided to give all intending purchasers an equal chance at auction. His action at the original sale shonld he a warranty of good faith. He desires to remind settlers generally that many allotments purchased at the original sale have been resold at very substantial increases; that rapid and good returns are obtained from mallee lands at a small ready cash outlay; and that mallee land near Swan Hill, while quite as good in quality, is far cheaper than land m other districts. Swan Hill is about 20. miles nearer Melbourne than Warracknabeal, and is arailway terminus. Moreover, pro duce can either be sent'away by rail or river. Swan Hill must become a large agricultural district very soon. Young "Wesleyan Ministers and Politics.—The young parsons of (we presume) advanced political views attend ing-the .Wesleyan Conference in Adelaide last week resolved to have a field day—or rather night—to themselves. They de cided to engage a hall, and invite the public to hear them deliver a series of "addresses for .the times" on the "new social era."; Some nasty cynical people assert that this new era means lots of money, nothing to pay away, and nothing to do. If this is what these young bloods meant then we heartily agree with their politics. However, we gleaned their speeches, and even tried' to read between .the' lines, bnt could only read something about" labour," " ballot-boxes," " wealth, andpovertyand our expectation of finding a scheme propounded by them by which we could obtain a lot of money withont doing too much work was doomed to disappointment. If they couldonly pro pound a scheme by which people who worked hard for some ten years would then be. able to retire from work we would be satisfied. We can assure our estimable and aimable young Methodist parsons that it is some such puzzle they 'have to solve before they satisfy'humanity. Notwithstanding, they delivered a series of very nice, taking, and popular addresses on various points of what was termed the " new social era/" and we hope to see them all members of Parliament some day, when they will be able to assist to distribute the " loaves and fishes" _ more evenly. The chairman of the meeting (Sir John Colton) evidently thought if people gave up drink ing, smoking, "wetting" bargains, and Siiudav trading something would be done towarda'tishering in the e new social era." Probably,' there is a good deal in this; but we have Always apprehended that the " new social -era." means that all will be able to travel frefc; that there will be no board and lodgings : bills no hotel bills, no storekeeper's bill to liquidate—in fact, that we shall be able to livfe'luxuriously, happy, and -contented without- paying a brass , farthing1 for it. - We do- hope with our | young Methodist friends in holv Orders,: that tbe:" new social era" isnot'f.S- dist'Jnt V Epr it will- save a lot of bother, anxiety and worry.- I -N&bbacgorte; Debating Club.—The monthly- njeetmgiof therBebating- .Club this evening should ■proVs.aajntereating one, is the isubibct ofthe 'A-Single Tax" is to ba discussed Wtwogjadiafora.inde bate. . Mr. ft.- -fcfcaifdner open >_;the debate ii.fetQr^fJhe'\§ingferTax"aiad the.Hev.-3>iJi Snaith. will respond in the negative. The debate is sare to prove an interesting and instructive one, and we hope to see a large attendance of members. -We may-mention: that non-members are cordially invited to. be present; • \- Ms. James Tyson; who is reputed to be the wealthiest and most economical man in Australia, .basjgenerouslyi come to tbe aid of the Queensland txovernment in their financial straits and offered, to buy Treasury Kills to.the extent of£200,000 bearing 4J per oent. interest. This will mean an income "of £9,000 a year to Mr. Tyson. Railway Retrenchment in Vic toria.—The Shiels Government and the Victorian Railway Commissioners are at daggers drawn, /The Government desire the Commissionersto reduce the expendi ture by £100,000 and increase the receipts by £150,000 ;.but the latter state that they cannot see their ..way clear to make any redactions without seriously impairing the efficiency of .the service. " Very well,"' the new Minister of Rail ways-replies, "I will see whatJacando myselfso he con suite the subocdinate omoers of the De partments, . and. passes. over the ' highly paid Commissioners who have been speci ally appointed Tfepause...of. their great knowledge "find -extensive sxperianoe in railway management. The Minister sub mits his 8Qheme,'culledfrom reports of subordinate.officef«, to the Commissioners, whp decline to bafe'ahything to do with afc *.5 The -.balls upon tbft. ■Commi'ssibhefS'to fdtmnlate'a'scherne -for-, decreasitag'hheexpenditure and increasing the rebeipts. -This they*-!ia-fe done** turn -. ing the whole affair into a faxce,' and hav ing in view the general elecMon that will take: jslace^nhortly,. which will decide whether tHbohiel&Minxstry; is to remain in power atw^ place the colony once more on the high road to prosperity, propose such retrenchments, which, if.acquiesced in, would render the Governiaent unpopov lar. The Commissioners /with, a .grim sense or anmonr simqaatraauctionainiha salaries and wages df officers abd men em ployed in thellepartment, conveniently overlooking the fact that if the Ministry sanctioned such a proposal the whole rail way employees' vote would go" against the Government. : Thar the uommissioiiers carefully provided in their scheme thai the farmers should have cause for dissatis faction with the Ministry, for they have suggested that the freight cm wheat and flour should be increased - and to crown all they ask that they should be re couped £30,000 per annum for carrying members of Parliament over the railway linesonthe" dead-head"hst. Altogether the Commissioners' scheme for railway reform is a hnge satire. Members of Parliament, , to keep sweet with their con stitnepbfc-ate ^continually cpyingjout for railwayapere .and railways theje^ wiiich have'nfet; the ghost of a chance of .paying when made-; and-then the jevA day-comes, and the deficit is so great that members are appalled." . The Commissioners " are called nponto make'endeioieet, int. here they ara met with" 'a, difficulty again. If in formulating a scheme they do not square their _ _ consciences to the political necessities of the Government that may be in 'power they must look out. There 4s evidently faults on both sides, and it is indeed a pity that want tact should produce such friction and lead to euch a childish, querulous attitude being taken-up by both aides-to a onestion which should never have been a personal dispute. : Of--course the- Government,will have nothing to do .with the Commis sioners* proposals, if it were only for the simple reason , that they would seriously damage them at, the' general elections pending- The whole thing is a tugAf-war between the Shiels*"<joverntheht' and the Railway-Commissioners, andiust a ques tion as to who will get the best of the pull. No doubt savings can be made in ■■the- Department,'but now 'a party spirit has been .allowed tofereep into the negoti ations neither • side will yield. Perhaps the Government will suspend the Gom ^missiohejs-^hhd rthen Parliament -will' be •callediipbn-toendtliedispute. Sale. by. hf AT.i.FJg' ItAKD.—The "Vic torian Fanners' LoanandAgency Com pany, Limited, reports having held a most successful sale at Swan Hill on the 8th inst., on apcidhhtdf^Mr.'Richard Hughes, when 17- allotments in the. township of Swan Hill, having frontages-to,.some of the principal streets of 44 ft. and up wards, pydepths ofl65 ft. and upwards, were disposed.of at prices ranging from £19 to £33. " each".. . .They; .also-sold tWQ allotments in the township of JBoga at £16" each20, malice farming^iureas of about 320 acres eachvnndlO irrigation areas of about'50 acres .each at very satisfactory Erices. The principal ^purchasers were r— lessrs. O.haxles. Anderson, of Lake Boga, H. Henderson,'C. Hattaan, J. Bees Gill, Thomas, Johes, "'Walter. "Pendlebnry, G. Clarkson, A. Pietch, and Joseph Hocking. The bidding for the township allotments was very spirited; and general confidence was. expressed in the district. And the favourable future before it. . ' . Thursday, the 24th of March, the open ing day of the cricket match between the Australians and Lord Sheffield's team of English cricketers in Adelaide, has been declared a public and bank half-holiday. Shearers'Union.—We are in receipt of the annual report of the Casterton Branch of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union of Australasia, with balance-sheets and agents' balance-sheets. The total receipts of the Branch amounted to £1,032 10s, which, with a balance of £717 19s 2d brought forward from last year, made a total of £1,760 9s 2d. The total expendi ture amounted to £1,307 5s 5d, leaving a credit balance of £443 3s 9d at the end of the year. Of the total expenditure salaries absorhed-£4^^s; The Branch; has nearly "'financial fer 1892 on theiffegikter, 235 of them being new members.. From thereporfit appears affaire went along last season well rmtder the settlement arrived at'between the pastora- ' lists' and Shearers*-" Unions at the Sydney ! and Adelaide Conference, 'and 'it is stated that with three or four ex ceptions every sheepowner in the Branch paid the ./ddnion rate. The I most important business decided atI the Conference of Branches was the adop-1 lion of a similar agreement for the ensu ing season, as the one worked under last season, viz.:-^That members can accept' verbal agreement . ^ the Amalgamated; Shearers' Union agreement, or the agree- j ment' agreed to at the last conference be-1 tween the Amalgamated Shearers' Union and the Pastoralists* Union. During next1 shearing seasons-a ballot "will be taken at: sheds on various: matters. The most im portant will be whether the members of" .the Amalgamated Shearers' Union and ! General Laborers' (Union are 'in favor of the amalgamation of the two unions, and if they are in favor of amalgamating with the Queensland Bush Unions. The Branch Committee will be elected as soon as possible. The election will be conducted" on the same lines ; as last year, each ward to elect four committeemen, and each dis trict to nominate one member only. In the event of four members being] nomi nated in any ward, a Ballot 'will be taken Nominations are due on in such ward, the 20th of April, Remember the Single -Tax debate to night, when the " pew social era" will be assisted in its advent: .. •The Late"" Fire jn Narracoorte.— Mr.DeBeer, the14§ent of the Victoria Fire Insurance Company, informs us that the 1 proceeds-of'the debris from Mr. A. JobnBtohe's gpe, which, was sold hy auction a few weeks'ago, has been divided among the most-daservjng bf those- who rendered assistance in extinguishing- it-. Fitzgeralds' Circus.—Last evening Fitzgeralds' circus performed here before d«-good house. A splendid programme ww^r^ei^^.and.the several, daring feats' ,of the- performers met. with hearty ap plause. The performances of the horses were much appreciated, ^ and the whole entertainment, was much .enjoyed by everyone present. The idea that the school-teacher, Ryan, 'who is charged with a serious offence against a girl under the age of 16, will inevitably be discharged owing to the date .df the alleged offence being prior to the Amended Grimes Act is an erroneous one. Should there be any failure from this i cause, the Crown (states the <: Hamilton Tribune," will be prepared to proceed on a charge of. rape. The " Age" states that the Secretary for Public Instruction has received a communication from Timo'thy Ryan declaring that he is innocent of the i charge brought against him. The Adelaide Unemployed.—It is to be regretted that'there are so many un employed in Adelaide. Last week a number' of deputations - interviewed the Commissioner of Public Works, request ing that public works" sanctioned by Parliament .should ba -pushed forward speedily with. a view of giving employ ment to thpse nut of work. On Friday last the Revs. J. Nicholson and J. Haslam waited on the Commissioner as a deputa tion. from the Wesleyan Conference, and conveyed to the Commissionet themotion passed by the Qohfefence regarding the unemployed, urging "upon the Government the neoessity of pushing forward as speedilV ah* possible such ptthlic works as have been authorised by Parliament. Both gentlemen referred to the distress whibh, they were informed, existed in Adelaide through many being unable to "obtain work-- In reply'they jwere in ■P/ipma^ '!»» wrcitiiATI-knot formed 'by ■" ffoe-'-.^^ixifius&iener; that he had arranged "to 'employ fifty men immediately cm the Happy valley Water works, and he was busily engaged in providing " an ' opening for another batch either at Happy Yalley or at Beetaloo. The Commissioner intimated that he was determined that advantage of this special provision for relief shonld .not b® taken by non-residents. of South Aufttralia'i nor those who .were ascer tained be'nnworthy. A deputation from the , 'Tradesand Labour Council also waited | vpon the Commissioner, -and baked him to employ more, men in the Government j workshops by adopting the doable shift system involving eight hoars a day instead of the men having to work 12 or IE hoars a day. ! Piqeok Hatch;—One . 'of .the attrac tions of our-, rape week .will he la. pigeon"! match, which' takes' place' to- day, - the: shooting eommencing at a quarter to 11 ajn. The rendezvous of the contest .will be in Mr. SchinckeTs paddock at the north end of the town. The seventy-two who have nominated for themateh include the crack shots of the South-East, and the. result will be looked forward to with interest. A fine lot of bird's have been obtained, which, we hear, are in good fettle to combat the surest aims:; and we believe "the Committee have made ar rangements for" light refreshments- and ^ndn-iatomcating.rbeyei^M "Jo. he obtained "on"tEe. ground. : ... ...r". 