LATH CABLEGRAMS. The following messages are taken from the Herald) London, Aug. 25 A meeting has been held at Northampton (the Mayor presiding) to protest against the exclusion of Mr. Labouchere from the Gladstone Government. It ended in a general mêlée, cheers being given for the Queen and counter cheers for Mr. Labouchere. Unusual excitement is manifested in Newcastle on-Tyne in connection with the contest between Mr. John Morley and Mr Kalli. Business is ata stand- still, and the Town Hall and principal business establishments have been barricaded to proteot them in case of disorder, Aug. 26. The election for Newcastle-of-Tyne resulted in the return of Mr. John Morley. The following is the polling : Morley . 12,983 Balli . 11,244 Majority for Morley 1,739 Energetic safeguards have been taken by the port authorities of Grimaby in Lincolnshire, and Hull in Yorkshire, as well as in other British ports, against the introduction of cholera from the Con- tinent. The authorities at New York have also put in force precautions against the importation of cholera into America from Europe. Aug. 26. Cases of cholera are reported to have occurred in Berlin. At Gravesend, on the Thames near London three cases of the disease have been discovered, the patients being Jews. These people were among the passengers to London in a steamer which came from Hamburg, where the epidemic is raging. Later. The cases of sickness at Gravesend aïe not cholera. Sixty-nine deaths from cholera have occurred at Hamburg. Dr. Koch Bays that the proportion of deaths m Hamburg from the disease is small as compared with the population. The panic is abat ing. The French forces in Dahomey have bombarded Whydah and other ports, and troops have left Porto Novo in the direction of Abomoy, the Dahomeyan capital. Beinforcements are awaited. The French have occupied Takou, with inconsider- able loss. The Dahomans evacuated the district on the advent of the French. The British steamer Anglia, belonging to the Anchor line, has been capsized in the Biver Hooghly at Calcutta, and 15 persons lost their lives in the accident, Dr. Arther Benwick, Executive Commissioner for New South Wales to the World's Fair at Chicago, who is still in London, will, it ¡B expected, receive the honour of knighthood shortly. At a meeting of the English Mortgage and Insurance Company, the Chairman, in referring to losses sustained "by the company on account of the Mercantile Bank of Australia, alluded to the denials by Sir M. H. Davies and Sir Graham Berry of the reports that the bank was mseoure. He asked how business was possible if they were unable to believe the express statements of men of such position. London, August 26. A terrible colliery explosion has taken place in the Park Slip Colliery, at Bridgend, in Glamorgan- shire, South Wales. One hundred and forty miners are entombed. The strike among the railway pointsmen at Buffalo, ,New York, has ended, and the State troopB are returning. The strikers at Buffalo severely maltreated the president of their union because the strike ended in a failure. Later : Many of the Carnegie and Co's employés, at the Homestead mines, Pittsburg, have again gone out on strike, objecting to the emplyment of free labourers. Intelligence from Cabul states that the Ghost tribe has revolted against the Ameer's rule. The Hawaiian Government claims Cornwallis Island, which was recently reported to have been annexed by Great Britain. It asserts that it never transferred part of Pearl Harbour to any foreign power. Sir J. J. C. Abbott, Promier of Canada, claims the right to appoint Queen's Counsel. It is understood that had Sir M. H. Davies remained in London, the Official Liquidator would have fully examined him regarding his connection with the Mercantile Bank of Australia. A boxing match has been fought at San Francisco between Joe Goddard, of New South Wales, and "Billy" Smith, an English pugilist. The police interfered.in the fight, which was declared a draw. Captain Lugard has pacified Uganda, and is now marching to the coast. It is reported that Sheridan, formerly a leading member of the Irish " Invincible" organisation in America, has been fatally injured in a railway accident at Colorado. Cholera has broken out at Bordeaux. There have already been 800 cases in Hamburg in which the patients bas been attacked by cholera, and of this number 300 patients died. The city authorities are taking numerous precautions to prevent the spread of the disease, and public or private gatherings of the populace are being suppressed for the present. The publio baths, the market, and the theatres have been closed by order of the Government, and meetings of all kinds, including dances and such social ceremonies, are prohibited. The German Government has stopped all traffic along the BusBian frontier, so as to avoid any further introduction of the disease into the empire from Bussia, where the pestilence continues to rage, and the deaths amount to about 3000 daily. It is now officially Btated that the deaths of Jewish immigrants at Gravesend were due to cholera. H.S.H. Colonel Prince L. Esterhazy, military attaché to the Austro-Hungarian embassy in Lon- don, is prostrated with an attack of British cholera. It is believed that there is no likelihood of rescuing the men who are entombed in the colliery at Bridgend. In a match between elevens representing the counties of Somersetshire and Yorkshire, the Somerset team made 592 in their first innings. Of this, total Mr. H. T. Hewett, the captain, made 201, Mr. Lionel C. H. Palairet 146, and Mr. Hedley 102, Mr. Hewett and Mr. Palairet opened the innings for their county, and the captain's wicket fell when tis score stood at 346, thus establishing a record. Owing to the influence of the M'Kinloy tariff in the United States of America, the firm of Sir Titus Salt, -Bart., Sons^ and Company," Limitée!, 'of Saltaire, Bradford, Leeds, and LMdon,'wbrstèa~and alpaca spinners, has decided upon winding-up. Antwerp wool sales have a weak market, and prices are 6 centimes under those of the opening day. Half the lots catalogued are withdrawn un- sold. 