CHAPTER II. There aro few scenes in Now Zealand morn grandly rugged than' the Ohon Valley, Taranaki,' the spot whore the volunteers had formed the bivouac, on the 24th of Decombor, in anticipation of meeting the rebut Maoris. It was OliristmaH Kvo, tho time, night ; with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven, as on the night of tho advent of tho Master, nsarly nineteen hundred yenra ngo. Tho camp was composed of six hun dred,* rank and file, of the Auckland Rifles, together with ono troop of Uaver ?ham's Hone. Tho latter had pitched their tents jn a small hill adjacent to piled and' covered over by a large tar paulin. Of the sixty men of the'trnup ten had been told off as a guard, under the charge of Sergoant Exley. Tbo supply of grog and provisions wore only limited, ami needed hut ono sentry nt a time to koep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row Jlanking tho stores, — a torrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to havo taken pos session of the sergeant, for he caUed tho guard together about tho wateh-firo, and said : 'Comrade***, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law hero in thu field. Colonel JJartopp, as you all know, is a very strict oflicer, and v. ill punish tho slightest neglect or earclehanoss with severity, mind that ; and above all remem ber that any man found tipsy while on duty will most assuredly go to tlm tri angles. You understand.' They appeared to understand very woll that drunkenness would bo punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards tho rum — punchoons — and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concorn liim selli about thoit welfare. There were others about tho fire who did not belong to tho guard. One a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had ovidontly soon more of ocean than term ftrma, if ono mignt judgo by his gait and his conversation. Ilia' name was Bob Cable, and, while the sergeant warned his men, was dnoply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a maguificicnt wator spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a baro-legged Maori hid about four toen, who stood by with mouth agape. Tho boy, who answered to the now th plume of 'Sanlly,' was ono of that. gender known as a cdinp-fag and gonoral knock about amongst the troopers. Ho could speak English pietty well— so far as lying wont — and was withal ono of tho most michiovous young vagabonds in Maori land. As tho night waxed apnoo there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting cold, and set tho white tents shivering liko so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for sn-.tio placo of sboltor for tbo night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered tho stores, nnd there retired to rest without more ado. Tho party round Uio tiro gradually thinned, until only two persons remained se:itod by it, — Charles Stanton and Hob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed bo twoun theso twain, yet no two men wero more opposite in person and disposition. Tho one handsome, gentlemanly nnd re fined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity. The other coarso, plain of person, yot obstinate and doiormined as a bulldog. How catno those oppositos to bo friends ? Simply through ono littlo act of kindness. At the storming of tho Maori stronghold— ' To Ranga'— Hob Cable lay blooding to deatli outside tbo enemy's trench fro-n a severe gash in his side received during tho attack. Tho volunteers woro repulsed, but at the risk of his lite Charlia Stanton walked coolly out to tho trench and brought in tho wounded man upon hia back, nmidat a porfoct hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallaul, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitudo in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by tho fire, with the dog between them, and a small llask of rum, which has boon emptied to tho dregs in fighting their Wrtikato campaign ovor again. Presently thore is a call for No. 4 of the guard. Oharlio Stanton rises hur riedly, wishes Cable 'good-night,' and answers 'horo.' Jtis his turn for sentry, and ho is marched over to relievo tho man posted on tho stores. Silonco now reigns throughout the camp, aavo for the wild screech ol tho pelew out yonder by tho lake. . Sanfiy, crouched under the friendly covering of tho tnrpnulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts onoond of tho cover ing and poops forth. Sergount Exley is standing with a pannikin in bis hand, talking to tho sentry in a low, earnest tnnp. ' Indeed, Charlie, I see no groat harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town whero it could bo easily obtuined, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, a.id can prevent my taking any, but i must say n small hnlf-pint one of ono of theso casks would never bo missed.' ' Perhaps not,' answered Cliarlio Stanton, carelessly. ' Pray do us you please, you havo command of tho guard; but 1 siiy, Kxloy, what about that luctuie you gave us respecting general orders and Colonel I'.artopp's stern discipline ?' Tlio sorgoaut laughed in a quiet way, and replied, ' Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for tho men, the other for your frionds. Surely you woro not rmprcssod with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to rnnr sometimes at all tho fuss and humbug put forth in ordors goueral or otherwise. Bed tapo and bunkum, bunkum and rod tnpo to tho end of the chapter, ill but Colonel Durtopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then nhould wo, com rade, who have to watch through tho long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is hero r«ady at our hands 1' 'Bravo, Exloy I Very woll argued. My orders aro to allow no ono to meddle with tho commissariat, except the quarter master, but, I repoat, you aro my superior olliocr, and — there aro tho casks.' 'Good. This follow heio scorns a little apoplectic, wo will bleed him.' ' With all my heart ; but how will you do it, through his bunghole?' cried Charlie, laughing. 'No jonly a bungler would go to work that way. See horo, I havo a gimblot. Now, keep watoh whilolspile thisfvllow's frontispiece.' Olomont Exloy cast a triumphant look at his companion ero he wont down on his unoes to bore the rum puncheon. Had thn gooil-naturud, inconstant dupo seen that ook, he would havo thought twico beforo hob-nobbing with the subtle, and crafty scoundrel boforo him. But Gharlio Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it savo a good fellow in want of a nobblor, and who had pluok enough to hazard his sorgoaut'a stvipos for it. Crawling from his lair ns silently ns n Borponb, Santly behold Exloy holding the pannikin over a thin stream issuing from one of tho casks. How tho liquor hissed and (gurgled as it spouted into the pat I When the pot wan full, Oharlio held his thumb to tho holo until tho sergeant 'After you,' said Charlie, modest 'y 'The girls we left behind us,' and the sergeant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. 'I'll givo that pledge with all my heart,' responded Charlie, iu proof of which ho almost; emptied tho pannikin at u draught. ft took away his breath for the nonce, but that was nothing, for the night was cold. ' What do you say ; shall we refill tho goblet, Stanton V' 'By nil moans, Exley,'' and tho pot was replenished. ' I did not expect wo wero going to havo such a jolly time in general,' said thn sentry, seating himself oil ono of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. 'Come, Gl-!m, take a sip nnd pass tho decanter. ' In a short time the mcasuro was again empty, and onco moro filled. The fiery spirit was at loast twenty do groos over proof, and soon bogan to tell on tho trooper. ' Wo must bo cautious, «/KiY.\\-aC, and not arouao tho sleeping guard,'* said tho sorgaant, as Cnarlie bucamo rather noiBy. 'It in now past midnight, and I don't ex poot tho visiting oll'iocr beforo four o'clock.' 'Ob, bother the visiting oflicer; pass tho nappy, Clem.' ' 1 suppose you don't mind my reliev ing j-ou when your two hours aro up, Oharlio ?' 'Not at all. I am content to remain hers till daylight, providing you leavo me tho gimlot. Hero's your health, Clem, and may yon live to bo, a general. ' Tho sergeant watched him with gliston ing oyos. ' Steady, comrade, you will bo tipsy,' he said. 'II nonsense. Hore, hold my carbine, tho pot is empty.' Ono a.m. by tho sergeant's watch, nnd his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half hour tho poor dupo is staggoring about, moral ising to tho empty air, like ono of Con grovo's horoes, Ho will have another sip of tho liquor, and ha bus his way, for he is beyond reason now, Tho rum has mastered him completely ; anon .he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of human ity, hia laugh cracked, sunso gono, and talking — ye Gods ! — rubbish and ribaldry, that tho sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves him ulono in his glory. Tho ollicer of tho night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. tho commissariat guard turned out nt his summons, and was dismissed as coi roct. '.How many sentries havo you, Ser geant Exloy ?'' 'Only ono, captain !' ' 1 will visit him.' It was usual for two mon of tho gunrd, and thu uou commissioned officer iu charge, to accompany tlio ntlicov when visiting tho sentries. Exloy called two of hia comrades, who conducted tho cap tain ovor to tho stoics, but of course there was no one to challeugo their approach. ' Halt 1' cried the oflicor. How's this I Whero is your man, sergeant?'' ho asked in a tone of surprise. Before tho question could be answered, tho Maori lad emorged from his hiding, and pointed out tho dark inert form of I th« tipsy sentinel stretched upon tho ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent, and thoy tiied to roiiso him, but. in vain. There appeared no need to enquiro how tbo man got drunk on his post. Tho leaking cask, tho gim let, and the pannikin half full of liquor on tho ground beside him, told its own tale. 'This is a very unfortunato matter,' cried the aorgonnt, with woll foignod ro grot in his tono. '' What is to bo done, sir?' ' Dono I why, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of course,' responded tho captain. 'Carry tho poor devil to the guard tent, nnd put another man in hia place. I'll report to Colonel Unrtopp on my return, flood night.' Morning oamo with its rosy hlu.sli, tinging the hill tops, and kissing tho sleeping encampment into renewed life.. It found S.-rgeaut Exley pacing moodily before tho guard tent, whero his unfor tunato victim lay, slumbering oil tho fumes of intoxication. '? Is this but tho prelude to her dream?'1 ho muttered. ' Gad, it would seem to. Hero arc tho circle of lulls ar.iund, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley bo low. Yonder, thn Ohan lake gleaming in the early sun like n burnished shield. What moro ( .Shall tho curtain riso to day upon tho first act of tho dream V — the formed square, and the man tied to tho triangles? We shall see. Charles Stanton, it would havo been well had thou or I never spcii Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakost, thou wilt see tho cut ready. And now to snatch an hour's slocp. I fo turned into tho tent, and at that moment tho voice of Sandy was heard calling for Snap, tho re triever, who ran, frisking towards tho lad in groat glee, and tho pair raced down tho hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Cablo. 