More Dreamers of Dreams. Tho seers of visions and the dreamers of dreams are once more in appalling force to the fore. It must, the Pall Mall Gazette thinks, have been the recent International Congress of the Society for Psychical Research which has inspired them anew. The papersaud periodicals all have their "consignment" of ghosts, clair voyants, and somnambulists; and a diligent narrator and compiler has also taken a timely hint and published—to judge by the "get up" with an eye to the literature of the traveller and tourist—a book on the same_absorbing subjects. Part of its title is "Day Visions and Clarvoyant Nightdreams,"and itsauthqris Mr. Joseph Darby, whoso name is familiar to hypuotisers and other persons, of hypnotic tendencies (Simpkin, Marshall, & Co.) The book begins and ends with a little sermonising on the subjects under discussion, but otherwise the 127 pages are full of good stories. A few of them are not quite as new as they might be, but all are readable. loud Tennyson's waking trance. A friend having communicated to the Poet Laureate certain strange feelings and mental conditions he had experienced when passing from under the influence of aneesthetics, the poet replied :—"I have never had any revela tions through anEesthetics; but a kind of waking trance (this for lack of a better name) I have frequently had, quite up from boyhood, when I have been all alone. This has often come upon m6 through repeating my own name to myself silently, till, all at once, as it were, out of the intensity of the consciousness of in dividuality, the individuality itself seemed to dissolve and fade away into boundless being, and this not a confused state, but the clearest of the clearest, the surest of the surest, utterly beyond words, where death was an almost laughable impossibility, the loss of personality (if so it were)-seeming no extinction, but the only true life. I am ashamed of my feeble description. Have I not said the state is utterly beyond words';" GOETHE AND HIS GHOST. The next authority giving evidence for the case of day visions is none other than Goethe, who has told the following story :—" I saw— not with the eyes of the body but with those of the mind—my own figure coming towards me on horseback, in the same road, attired in a dress I had never worn. Eight years after I found myself in the same road to pay one more visit to Frederica, and I was then in the same dress I had dreamed of." A GHOSTLY SWEDE. Swedenborgians will be glad to add the fol lowing interesting item to their store of facts concerning the founder of their sect:—"A respectable man in Stockholm bought an estate of another, paid for it, and received an acknowledgment. The purchaser died soon tfter, and not long afterwards the seller de manded payment of the widow, threatening ehat non-compliance would cause him to re take possession again. The widow was terri fied, for she knew her husband had paid, but after making a mo3t minute search she was unable to find proof anywhere. As the j deceased had been on kindly terms with the ; Russian ambassador she had recourse to him, I who, being well aware what assistance Swden borg had afforded in such cases, promised the widow that he would talk over her ease with him. Some days after Swedenborg came to the ambassador, and bade him tell the widow that on a certain night her husband would appear to her, and give direct information where the receipt was secreted. This was awful to contemplate, but. as impending ruin stared her in the face, she determined to sit up on the night in question, keeping her maid, however, with her. But the latter fell into a deep sleep, and all efforts of the widow were unavailing to keep her awake. At midnight the deceased appeared. He looked grave, as though displeased, aud then pointed out the place where the receipt lay in a little desk, in another room, attached to the wall, on which he disappeared: The widow went the next morning to the place he had indicated, and there found the receipt." . ! " GENTLEMEN, I GIVE YOO A SIGN." | And here is John Wesley himself as witness j of the powers of one of the latter-day prophet-1 seers. He wrote':—" A little before the con clusion of the late war in Flanders, one who came from thence gave us a very strange rela tion. Jonathan Pyrah was a member of our society. I knew him for some years to be a man of unblamable character. One day he was summoned to appear before the board of general officers, wbo said, £ What is this that: we hear of you, that you are turned prophet and foretell the downfall of tbe bloody house of Bourbon and the hanghty house of Austria? We should be glad if you were a real prophet, but what sign do you give to convince U3 that you are so ?' He readily answered, ' Gentle men, I give you a sign. To-morrow, at 12 o'clcck, you shall have such a storm of thunder and lightning as you have not had before since you came into Flanders. I give you a second sign—as little as any of you expect it you shall have a general engagement with the French within three days, i giveyouathird sign. Ishall be ordered to ad vauee in the first line. If I am a false prophet I shall be shot dead at the first discharge, but if a true one I shall only receive | a musket ball in the calf of my left leg.' All this was verified. The storm_ came, and the battle of Fontenoy on the third day, and at the very first discharge be received the musket ball in the calf of his left leg." A SCOTCH STORY. In the chapter on "Property Found or Re covered by Clairvoyant Dreams" occur several amusing stories. One runs thus" A clergy man in a country parish in Scotland made a collection at his church for an object of public benevolence in which he felt deeply interested. The amount of the collection, which was re ceived in ladles carried through the church, fell greatly short of his expectations, and through the evening of the day he frequently alluded to this with expressions of much disap pointment. In the following night he dreamed that three £l-pound notes had been left in one of the ladles, having been bo ccmpressp.d that they had stuck in the corner when the ladles were emptied. He was so impressed by the vision that at an early hour in the morning he went to the church, found the ladle which he had seen in his dream, a,nd drew from one corner of it three £1-pound notes." AND AN IRISH ONE. A farmer's wife dreamed that she was walk ing near the house of a rejected lover, one O'Flanagan, attended by a beautiful hound, of which she was fond, when a raven dashed at him, killed him, and tearing out his heart, flew away with it. She next imagined that she "was running home, and that she met a funeral, and from the coffin blood flowed upon the ground. The bearers placed it at her feet, opened the lid, and exhibited her husband murdered, and his heart torn out. She awoke, as might be expected, in great terror. But here follows the mo3t incomprehensible part of the narrative. Her husband entertained an idiot cousin in the house, and he, in doggerel rhyme, repeated the very same dream to a gossip, to whom the farmer's wife had related hers. That very night the farmer was murdered ; and the next morning the poor idiot, to the horror of all, exclaimed as he rose from his bed, "Ulick"—Uliek Maguire was the farmer's name—"is kilt! Shamus dhu More kilt him" (Shamus dhu More O'Flana gan—big black James) "and buried him under the new ditch at the back of the garden._ .1 dreamed it last night—every word of it." Search was made at the spot indicated by tbe dream, and the body was found with the skull nearly cleft in two. In the meanwhile O'Flanagan absconded and enlisted, bub was subsequently arrested, confessed his crime, and was executed. 