; THE EVENING MEETING. I | ? \ LARGE ATTENDANCE; ' '', PLAIN SPEAKING. The evening meeting in the Institute Hall was very largely attended, there being upwards of 300 present. Mrs. NrcnoLLs, the Colonial President of (he Union in South Australia, occupied the' chair, and after singing and' prayer by . . . the Rev. J. Trewin, she spoke briefly of the day's proceedings, and referred to th« vinit-. j of Mrs. Andrew and Dr. Kate BushnelL , : That day, she said, had been a red letter '-?- one in the history of their Union in Gawler. They liad held their first District Conven ; tion, which she thdught.had been attended k . with :a moderate amount of success. The fact that they had been able to hold a y Diatriot Convention at all showed that they' ? -.: had made progress in many ways. : The Union ? she considered bad a claim on all Christian people. It did not interfere with the work of churches but it assisted it. It had toco with women of all shadeB of religious belief. They met together and forgot their differences, only thinking of the best meauB Ot making inroads into Satan's Kingdom. Their organisation had been called into existence by God ; it was doing a great work and was helping women to realise their true position as workers for God; and it had received His signal blessing If they did not do their work in the right way sometimes, let those who found fault be quite sure that they blamed the mistakes and not the work. (Hoar, hear.) They were not the ; -mlv people who made mistakes, (laughter,) and they were trying bard to do the best they oould, and avoid mistakes. (Applause.) They rejoiced at the presence of their visitors, and she extended to them a cordial welcome. (Applause.) Mrs. Andrew was the first of the visitors to address the' meeting, and she was warmly received. In a pleasant, unaffected, fluent, and unmistakably earnest fashion she elabo rated on the widespread character of the ' work of the Union and the importance of its labors, It was not a matter of romance, |or '' theory, she isaid. but of fact that the in fluence of the Union encircled the whole woria. She gave an interesting account of ' * the fcirtb of the organisation in flilbborongh ? Ohio, upwards of twenty years ago. The ? little -band, under Mrs. Thomson, went ' for0! £?to{ *ne streets - and earnestly : pleadeu1 with those engaged in the drink traffic to give it up, and by their prayers and testimonies the effect was wonderful. Literally, thousands were converted, and many who were engaged in the drink traffic -' : gave it dp and went into legitimate business. As the work spread, in many of the larger townsall .the public houses were closed In £bat little band there wero women represent ing.eveiy denomination in tlie village. It was utterly . unaectarian in the beginning, aridiwit wv to-day. (Applause,) But it had been a blessing to the churches inasmuch an women had been so trained in their work as to fit them to undertake work in their respective churches, and ministers of all denominations testified to the good work that had resulted in that way. (A.ppliuse.) The women in their ranks were proved to be the best home makers, the best home keepers, and the best church workers — true to their church, true to their home, and true to their God. (Applause.) The Union had developed the character and brought'out the latent talent in its members, and which otherwise might not have been brought out. (Hear, hear.) The Women's Christian Temperance Union was the largest Society of women in the world. They numbered over 400,000 in all. There Were nearly 250,000 pledged women in the United States alone, and there were over 40,000 pledged yonng ladies. There were nearly 250,000 pledged children connected with them. The Society having ' spread so largely over their own country, the idea was conceived of uniting the hearts of the women of the world, and Mrs. Leavitt was sent on her mission round the world. She was absent abont eight years. Miss Ackermann was tha second World's Missionary, and Dr. Kate Bushnell and herself were the third and fourth. In the intervening time the Union had established itself in no less than. 41 countries. (Applause.) Mrs. Andrew then described the methods and organizitioa which, she said, were exceedingly simple. They had national officers, State officers, district officers, county officers, and local Union officers. Reports were made from the sub ordinate to the higher divisions, and a perfect ' federation existed— a sort of tele graph system. They had no less thin 40 departments of labour, each of which had its snnerintendent and subordinate officers. The evangelistic department they always considered the most important, and they had now 722 women engaged in evangelistic work, and continually holding gospel temper ance meetings. The prevailing power had always been that of a spiritual nature. They would 'not argue so tnuoh as plead with God on their knees and appeal to the hearts of men through their prayers. While they regarded the scientific argument as very strong, they regarded an appeal to the' con science, to the moral nature, as the strongest influence. The heart was not half so hard to approach as the will. We look upon the intellect of man as the highest part of nature, but we did not read that the very essence of God was intellect ; we read that God is love, and it was through the human affections that mankind was to be reached. (Applause.) Whatever work the Union had undertaken had been spiritualized. The speaker then spoke of her connection with the Union Signal, the official organ of the Union, which she edited for some years. She traced: its career from its unpretentious origin to the present time when its weekly issue numbers nearly 100,000 copies, and its plant includes eleven presses,, one of which cost ' nearly £5,000. Another work done by the Union was the establishment of departments of literature. When they were first established they appointed a Board of Directors and issued shares to women at £5 each. In a few years time a dividend of 4 per cent was paid. But the women sent it back and put It in the business. The next year 5 per cent was paid, the next year 6 per cent, and the next year 7 per cent. For a woman's piece of business they thought it pretty good work. (Laughter and apphus9.) Then they had established: homes, and had just erected a building in the centre of Chicago, thirteen stories high, and costing over £200.000. (Applause.) Half the money was in hand before the corner stone was laid, and it was declared to be the most perfectly propor tioned building in Chicago. It was a wonderful monument of women's faith and work. (Applause.) When it was quite paid for they would have an income from rents of £40,000 per year. This income would help prohibition ; it would help temperance work generally. (Applause.) A great deal of self-denial had been practised by the women of the Union. For a long time their officers {were unsalanei. The first round the-world Missionary was unsalarieJ, so was Miss Ackermann, so was Dr. Bushnell and herself. The speaker concluded an excellent address by counselling the members of the local Union to make themselves intelligent in their work, to study the principles and methods of the organizition, to teach the children not only temperance recitations and songs, but to give them that instruction that would ground them in total abstinence, to inform them of the evil effects of alcohol, tobacco, and opium on the human body, and on human society, and above all to remember that the secret of success was prayer. That God would bless their Union ana Dutia it up was Her prayer. (Loud applause.) Dr. Kate Br/SHNXbti was called on after a hymn had been sung, and was accorded a hearty reception. ? She delivered an able, pointed, suggestive, and powerful speech, and the spontaneous outbursts of applause at times demonstrated the effectiveness of some of her hits. She commenced by reading tbe preamble to the constitution of the W.C.T.U., which contained the objects of their organisation. It might be siid that they had taken a very big contract on hand, (laughter,) but they had only undertaken that which God had given them faith to be lieve tfiey would be able to accomplish. -(Applause.) The belief of the Union was that evil was never neccssiry, and that when 'Christ commanded' them to pray, ' Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth;' he never, put a prayer into their mouths that' God never intended to answer. (Applause.) They were a Society for the promotion of self control. They educated and' trained in self- control, and they called the attention of the world to the fact that where . 8elf*control was lost : there was a Redeemer who was abietorestore it. , Temper ance meant sslf-control. , She thought it meant- something a little different from moderation. (Laughter.) A man might be moderately gooJ, or moderately, bai, moderately truthful, or moderately ' honest. (Laughter.). It .was impossible to see the ground we stood on until we stepped off of it. (Laughter, and applause.) Temperance was iot mbderatioD, bat sslf-controL' . Total' abstinence was .therefore their foundation corner- stone: But s'ao was tb ere to deal with another department of self-control, and that was the keeping of one'* self in such control that if, God lookel into oar hearts, even our secret thoughts and imaginations would appear pure and holy in His sight. It seemed very strange to her that even up to the present day, nineteen hundred years since the full light.-bf, tha Holy Ghost had been given, and ttaous»nd» of yexrs since the Ten Commandments, that it had not been understood1 what God meant in its complete ness by the Seventh Commamlmant, and what he really demanded of men and women along the line of purity. There were many' .who did not know where the line of demarcation was between purity and impurity, and yet there was as much difference as between light and darkness. We had no such trouble with regard to the other Commandments. We had a pretty definite consciousness when we cro38ed tlio Uae from that which was legitimate to that which w»s illegiti mate. Bnt in this particular point of purity we were ia darkness. No doubt there were some who would not approve of her ta'.kine on such a subject, They would say, ' I don't think it is a decent subject to talk about.' ; What subject was decent if purity is not ? (Applause.) They said ' purity is such 4 delicate thing to talk about. ' Purity «nght to be 'delicate, if it was any thing. {Applause.) The poverty of our language 'was such that there was no word in it - which .properly expressed the law of purity, -. and we .did?' not know how to teach it because of the deficiency of onr language. When she was a missionary in Chins she had great tronble in teaching them what was meant by honesty. They bad no notion of what it meant, therefore they hid no word to ex press it. The nearest word they bad to it was akin to Old Fogeyism (laughter), and the honest man waa looked upon as a sort of fogey. (Laughter.) The same with the word soul; their idea of- that was synonymous with oars of the word ghost, and to speak to a Chinaman of his. sen! was to suggest that^ his ghoatJwaB about, (Laughter.) And so by a well-known law of philology, the absence of a word denoted the absence of a notion, because we did not teach God's law of parity by oar Eaglish language, it proved that the thought was lacking to a large extent in our moral constitution. This was a most serious defect, but it was not so serious that it could not be overcome. Oa the other hand that there was no lack of words of coarseness in the Eaglish language they were all too painfully aware of. If it were necessary to describe the infamous con duct practised in the world there were plenty of words to express our meaning. God pity us that we had such an abundance of words in the downward direction from purity, aud so few in the npward direction. Parity had been taught from the negative side, by call ing attention to the evils of impurity, but while that was right and well in its place they Bhould realise that what was needed was a much more positive thing than this, and that there was instruction to be given. Unless they trained their children from the cradle up in the true principles of purity, they could not expect to reap where thty had not sown, They wanted their children to be pure, but they studiously avoided say ing anything to them on the subject. Let them try the same method of training in regard to other qualities and what would be the result ? Their children would be un truthful and would not know it, they would be dishonest and would not know it. (Ap plause.) In every country where the English language was spoken, and where the gospel of Jesus Christ was preached, they would find that because there had been a lack of preaching, and teaching, and train iog in regard to the matter of personal purity, the sin of sins amongst so called Christian nations, is licentiousness. She did not suppose there was a thief in the house tkat night, ehe did not suppose that there w&s; a murderer amongst them ; bat she ventured to eay that there were libertines present. What did it mean? They' said the sin was so infamous that it must not be mentioned, but yet they admitted the criminal into society. There' was. awful hypocrisy here. (Applause). What was the standard of purity for woman ? Just as high as she could reach. And if she was any thing short of that they never neglected to frown on her ; her name dropped out of their vocabulary. They had been very careful all the way through to maintain the stan dard of purity for a woman, They could not excuse a coarse jest ia a woman, or an impure story, and it was ever taught that the mothers and daughters of the iiation must be pure. Bat what was the standard of purity for man ? Very different. Why ? It was said to be due to manners and cus toms. It would hurt a woman's moral character if she smoked. By why did it not a man's ? Then it was said that men in transacting the business of the world had to come into contact; with a good deal of vice which left them jess sensitive in regard to matters of purity. What was considered to be a dreadful thing in women was regarded as not so bad for a man. It was expected that men mast be excused for using coarser language than would do for any woman to use. Really then where was the standard of parity for a man? (Loud applause.) Did it depend on the weather? Where did they put it ? If they called themselves Christians and did not put it where the Word of Gol puts it, they were teaching something outside of Christianity. (Loud applause). She was not opposed to men, but to their sins. Those who practised immorality thought it was not known. They could put on the manners of a gentleman, but the evidence of their siu was marked ia every feature of their face. These things could not be hid, and such men thought they were better hyposrites than they are. (Applause.) God help them to realise that without holiness no man shall see God. (Loud and continued applause. ) On the motion of Mrs Marsh, seconded by Mrs. Limb, a hearty vote of thanks waa accorded to the visitors. The meeting closed with the doxology and benediction. 