"SPIRIT I INTO SPIRIT." DT IN A. L F.OS C/-S3ILI5. Author oi " Back fro;u tlia Dead," " Fall Fifty Mre.s Av ay," &c.; ft had grown so dark in tk.-j little waiting-room that the travellers could h.ivd'y make out. more than the dim outlines of each other s forms. Now and then a gleam trom tlie wood fire would reveal the handsome face of the Englishman bent tenderly over the golden head of the girl that lay on his breast; ana perhaps he would draw closer around her the fur mantle that had slipped a little, or he thought it had ; for it seemed as if he could not take too much care of her, and certainly she looked very fragile, and was very lovely also, and clung to him, as if her whole life depended on him. Indeed, she would not be parted from him, otherwise she might have had a couch to sleep on. For ivhea the train ran into a snowdrift just above this little village of Marlon, there was only accommodation for nine out of the twelve passengers, and of course the men gave way to the wnmen. ' • xiere were three of the latter. This young lady might have slept on a couch at the inn ; hut she would not, she preferred to sit up all nigltt in the little waiting-room with her lover, and M. Cr^mard, the jovial advocate, who made merry over the accident, and Lieutenant Mascot, the naval officer. So another traveller had the "couch, and Mademoiselle, with the golden hair, was happier wrapped in the fur cloak and folded in her lover's arms. No donbt sometimes in the darkness he kissed her soft lips so near his own. Why not? Still snowing, snowing J " said the advocate, stooping to put a fresh log on the fire: " and t ow the wind moans round this place ! I would it were any night in the 3'ear but Christmas live !" " It is not the night one would choose,"' said the Englishman, Gerald Yereker, " but the snow ting takes no account of fasts or feslh als. These three had travelled in the same carriage and had made friends on the journey, and now tliat they were, in a manner, iinpritoncd | together, they felt as if they had known each other for months. " It's a night fpx ghosts to be abroad," said the lieutenant, " if there were such things." " You don't believe in them ? " asked Vereker, quietly. " Parbleu !—who dopfl ?—in these days." " A good many people, interposed M. Crer-.-vd. " But the mischief is, one never heart: R story. Von read them by the hunon-d ; l>"t •-! vi u i-ver mett a man you could rely on who ha.d ewer seen a ghost ?" •• 1 have,'" said Vereker ; " at least, I could not call it a ' ghost,'—(of cour.-e the word Vereker, who was speaking French, used was rev> naui)— but it was an appearance that co'ild not be accounted for by any process of reasoning." "You stir my curiosity," said M. Cie::;ard, bonding forward. " 1 '•<, yon i-j^ak of an ':q-j>eara-ee ' tbat came within y<.ur own experience ? For a moment Vender hesitated ; his band closed more tightly ovet the hand of lit- LM! ; he b^nt his head to hear .her whisper, " l<_-ii them, Gerald." " In a manner, yes !" he answered. " I will tell you the story, if you wMi, as it came to me, and if you do Hot believe my witness, for 1 am, alter all, a stranger to you, yon may a!!««\\\ that there is some gmund-woik of possibility in the stoiy to shew that such tilings might oc.-iir." " Monsieur," said the advocate, " I <1111 no rationalist.. It is not so much possibilities t hat I question, but the evidence we are, in most oases, asked to accept. I am more than curious. I am deeply interested to hear your story,»nd so, I am sure, is our friend here. The most sceptical love the supernatural." Indeed M. Mascot had already glanced twice over his shoulder. He laughed a Tittle now, goodnaturedly, and owned that he liked a " ghost story," though he did not believe in MM. let reveunnts." " Two years ago," Vereker said, his eyes fixed dreamily 011 the dull wood embers, "the man of •whom I spoke, Grahame, was travelling through France on a walking t»>ur. lie was young and •well off, and strong in health and nerve ; not at all t he sort of man to lie the prey of fancies or hallucinations. All the currents of his inner lire ran strong and deep, but there was no morbidness." " At Mar-le- bois, a small town in Auvergne— you may chance to know it, messieurs—Grahame met at the hotel a French family, who were niso travelling for plea-tire, and tucking a short r- lay in the. town to explore the country roundabout. There were a father and mother and two danght^-s—the eldest Louise, the youngest M^IRTIK-. Melanie was very beautiful, and hud the even greater attraction of charm. For Gialiame it was very much like love at first sig!rt. He had the good luck to render rhe travellers sonic service in one of their exclusions. ar:d thus strengthened an acquaintance be^un in the ordinary way at the tririn trh-Me. He •was asked to their salon, joined them in their walks, and found them very agreeable people. That there was any danger for him, or for Melanie in this friendship did not seem to occur t'lthcm, untill a chance revealed the tinth, and then M. le pere and Mme. la mere took Grahame t«» ta*k, gravely, but not unkindly. Melanie, they Miid. h.-id been from childhood pledged to h«;r cousin. .She was, therefore, not fi :e ; thi-y i;::::=o b. g M. Grahame to withdraw himself, and not •seek to alienate the affections of Mademoiselle But Grahame, with bis English notions, did not q-.iite tti-vjuiesce in this mode of disposing of a woman ; li!- had reason to think, too, that Mdlle. Meliuiie •cared a good deal more for him than for M. Victor, and he was far too much in love to yield tlic point. In fact, he had staked his whole' life on this passion for Melanie ; there are men who love in such manner. So be answered that he could not yield up Melanie, unless it were by her own unfettered wish. Mademoiselle, he* was told, would not be allowed to see him ; but Grahame was not so easily bafi'-d. He contrived to see Melanie alone, and she confessed that her heart belonged to her English lover, and that she would not mariy Victor, her cousin. Love in her was stronger than custom and training ; for love's cake she would be brave and true. " Once more Grahame Bought her parents, told • them how matters stood, and asked their consent to his marriage with Melanie. He refused, point blank, to give her up. TheilJ seeing his determination, and fearing, perhaps, some desperate move on his part—ces Augl-ais ! you never feel sure what they will do !—they began to temporise. Melanie, they said, was too young to marjy-; she was far from strong—this last was true—and they could not consent to any formal engagement at present. Grahame must consent to at least a year's separation from Melanie; if at the end of that time she still loved him, her happiness should outweigh her parents' dearest wishes. Love that . could not stand this test had no wear in it. " This was fair enough, and Grahame could not well help assenting to it; for in tltis country one can't so easily run off with a young lady. Her marriage would not be legal without her guardiau's consent. He might see Md'.le. Melanie once mere alone ; perhaps the good people knew that he would manage to do this anyhow. " Melanie clung to her lover's heart in bitter grief, but nothing, she said, should shake her faith in bim. Happen what, might she would lie true to him. They must not correspond, and this would make the year of probation very ha. id to bear; worse even for Grahame than for Melanie, for he well knew that her triends would do their best to influence the girl their own way, and she was very young to be brought under such . pressure, with no one present to help her. Would she be able to stand alone! " 'I shall always be witb you,' she said, as her lover held her co his heart. ' Whatever you may hear believe nothing—nothing, but that I am true to you.' And so they parted. "Grahame, having little heart for further travel, returned to England and tried to occupy himself in some literary work upon which he was engaged, but he got on very slowly. An absorbing' passion unfit* the mind for work, and Grahame was not obliged tc labour, he had ample means to live without it. " His mother was disappointed when she heard kis story. She had set her heart on his marrying a young relative of her own—a girl for whom Grahame had some affection, but" would never have cared for as a lover. He was sorry to grieve his mother, whom he loved devoutly, hut the die was cast. For him there was only Melanie. So •ix months passed, and then 1 letter came to Grahame. it waa dated iio:u 3 in •Bretagne, and was Iroiu McUuic'* motbci. The Ctrl ted died t*t dtn lidon tbs date «f th» letter. She had be n failing for some time lG.«t::&rn;«- knew she. was not strong), but 1:0: (-eno'.is was anticipated, and she was brotigli: to tills pl.ic : for her beaith. lie re she one dav wens out with her sister Louise. They miased their way, and were overtaken by darkness. Being frightened, they hurried home, and Mdlauie, when she came in, fainted dead away, and she died the same night without ever recovering consciousness. " Grahame was at first simply stunned by this terrible news. He had no reason to doubt it* truth, and yet he could not believe it, and he clung desperately to the wiid hope of there being Berne deception. In any case ha must, of course, see Melanie's parents, hear all that there was to heat , and see her grave. He crossed at once and travelled, without resting for an hour, down to the village. The parents and sister Lonise were still there. They were dressed in d'-ep mourning, and were overwhelmed with grief; but they received Grahame kindly and did not hide from him the fact that Melanie bad never swerved in her allegiance to him. Madame ave him many details about the last f ays of her life, and bestowed upon hlia \ a crucifix she used to wear. She was, of course, j buried. Louise, weeping bitterly, took him to her newly made grave, and left him there alone with his dead. The sexton happened to pass while he stood by the grave, and Grahame asked the man if he knew who was buried there. Surely, he replied, it was a young girl, Millie. Melanie. , he could not remr-tni>er the surname. That was not strange. Melanie's surname was not one to dwell readily in the memory of an illiterate peasant* " As for Grahame, he left his OTTO life in that grxve. Do you smile, Monsietirs? I think not, though I cannot see your ti.'-es. Frenchmen would understand such a love as his. For months he wandered from place to place, restless, heartbroken ; but all places were alike. At length he returned to England. " By and by his mother nrged him to try and rouse himself—not to f<n :_< t t !:e past, but to make a peaceful if not a h.'ipoy future. At first he shrank in horror from the prospect indicated, for his mother hoped stiil to s"f tiie fulfilment of her wish. Then came ti .* t hough:- that he was perhaps selfish. If his life vras vainness to him, why not at least devote it 10 one wlio had never spared herself :<;r his sake? Give me time :noth»T,' be said to her one night before they separated, ' I will try t-o please you if I can ; hut I must have time to tliink.' " They liad been sitting by the fire—it was late Noveir.ber—and on a small table in the centre of the room stood a shaded lamp. Grahame, after opening the door for his mother to pass out, closed it again, and, returning to the hvarUi, sat down,striving to bring his aiiud to the iioi;;t of sealing his fate. What mattered it what otctime of him now ? His cousin, his mother toid him, was foi.d of him'; well, if she were satisfn.-d with kindness and duty—be could give her no more—why not end the struggle, and make his mother happy? " He was so seated that the lamp was visible to Hm, though he was not looking at it. He raised his head suddenly with a violent- start. He was co.is-ious of something having flashed between hin> and the ianip, obscuring the light for a seo.Tid. just as would have happened if a person ba^. passed bim : at the fame instant there w<is a fa.nr rustle, like the Jrou-jrcu of a woman's garment. "That, though he trembled and grew white, his thoi:<rht should leap at once to Melanie was only n;-<_ iral. When was she ever absent from his h'-arc? But after a mir.v.te or two he rallied a Kir, and pulled himself together; though a not U!ii!ii;;:r":na:ive man, as I told you, he was not siijK.:i>iic!ous. His nerves, he told himself, were not what they used to be; he was in an excited state to-night.; it was easy to fancy anything; ANT! T!; re WE.I clearly no one in the room but hinis.lf. " \\\ as there not ? Even as he assured himself that he was alote, he had an impression, amounting to conviction, that he was alone no longer. And y?t it was aot fear that he foil-, but a tremulous awe, a wonderful sense of being in the presi nee of his lost love, Molar.ie. Note that ne wits not dreaming, or in any state of unconsciousness. He had a curiously distinct knowledge of the commonplace surroundings of everyday life—the table, the lamp, the open book lying on a chair near; in the background the b.-okcase and a cabinct with an old-fashioned jug standing on it. And into this room something or someone had come, and was with him now. " He did not say her name aloud, but he spoke it in his heart—to her, as to a living being, and his hand stole to her crucifix that he always wore on his breast. Oh ! if he could see her—only see her! " Why could he not see her when he knew where she stood—yonder, in the shadows—standing quite stili, with sweet, wistful eyes seeking his. .-iiid clj'spod hands outstreieoed towards him. For what s!,.-uld she plead to hi.11? Was it not for him to ask her sinless prayers? What could he d>. for I-; now? Would not she, freed from the storm r.p-i stivss of earihlv passion, know that he d;.l v,< 1) t,) i;.nice his life a sacrifice, since sHcrfice. wns all thut he could offer ? " ar.d by the sense of this unseen presence passed away. Grahame was a'one a«ain ; but he w;is shaken, bewildered. His tiiotmhts refused to dwell on anything but Melanie ; it was as if the mouths had been rolled back, and he stood again by h.-'r riewly-made grave. re:iiai:;ed in a siran^eiy excited state. Three days went by. Grahame bad said nothing to his mother of his experi< nee that night; but on the Kniith day he made a stern effort to recover his balance, to persuade himself that he had b»en only dreaming, or under the influence ofmoibid fetdi:;g ; he must brace himself for the battle that w.-is stiil before hi:u. In this frame ct mind iie "iiiit out that afternoon into the park ; the fresh gently found himself, were almost deserted. Walking among the Ic-afless trees he might have been fifty miles from London, but for the continuous roar of the streets which reached him. " He went on slowly, his eyes bent on the ground, but a faint rustle, like the sound of a woman's dress lightly sweeping the dead leaves as its wearer walked, made him raise his eves to t-lie direction whence the sound came, which was a few feet to the right, buton a line with him. He was singularly startled tosecafemaleform clothed entirely in wliite, with a hood or wimple drawn over the head, a long white veil flowing behind. It was now too dark to make out any details, but Grahame'e impression was that the garments were such as are worn by novices in a convent. Instantaneously he stopped, with an unaccountable sense of recognition, with a feeling that what he beheld was no living woman ; how, indeed, should a novice, thus apparelled, be abroad, and at such an hour ? As he stopped, the figure paused also, turned, and with outstretched imploring hands came close to bim. It was Melaine ! her dark eyes full of a passionate entreaty, her lips parted as if to speak. Hut her dress, he could see clearly now, was that of a novice. So close she came t-o frim, so lifelike did she appear, that, forgetting everything, • he actually believed he saw his lost love in the flesh, and with a broken ciy of joy he stretched out his arms to enfold her. But even as that- cry left his Hps, the spirit or vision was gone, and Grahame fell senseless among the wintry leaves. " He was found by some passers-by, and taken home in a semi-conscious state; but there he soon recovered ; and novr there came to him a new idea, at once terrible and alluring. That he had seen Melanie this evening there °ii u ^ no . doubt The circumstances forbade all hypothesis of dreaming. A man cannot sleep walking upright in the open air ; vision or spii it —what matter? Was it vision of the dead, or of the living ? That Melanie should appear to him, whether in vision vouchsafed or projected from his inner consciousness, 'or in the spirit, dressed as he had known her, or in the dread cerements of the grave, he could understand ; but whence the garb of the religieusc ? No thought in his mind or in her s had ever connected her with the monastic life; her parents intended her for the bride of her cousin Victor, not the bride of Heaven. Vet she came to her lover in the robes of a novice, with pleading hands and eves, and lips that 6trove to utter the words of impassioned afpeaL . • My God!' Grahame cried aloud. « Have I been most miserably deceived? Is all this story of hei death a lie ? Is my darling living—wailed up in a cruel prison until she shall yield to the tyiauui ' kctii net luce ? Ana h&s; her spirit cuiue to me her lover, to save her i ' Her parting word* tt him nuig back «a hi« »ouL * i atafl i vways be wltlrou. _ VFbatever you may hear, n°!'-ve nothinjnothing but that I am true to fou, *• But the pants had sotsaidMelnniewas false to him; they td lulled his perc^-ti.-ns to sleep by telling hinijie was still i him she was del—shewed him but to stone rprded her name, few hours burie The old remember the Iristian name and Melanie jco such mcom F.T.r.ee. In thilight- of the new conviction that lil-'ed his mind,i'erything that at the time had appeared naturinow seemed suspicious. How was it he had be blinded ? Though in truth the fraud, if fraud lere was, had been very cleverly worked out. " To his motlr Grahame eaid nothing bnt that he must leave Efeiand at once. She had no belief at all in the suphiaturaL, and tlie relation of his s t n u i g e e s p . i4ne—a ^ . for persons in tlijiosition of Melanie's parents would have cvrt&ly; erected a memorial long ago. He sought the cte, and asked to see the register " In the first blndiag rush of joy at this conviction GrahameItutae&rly; betrayed himself to ; the curt; but h<remembered himself in time, and, m&.stering h; eniotioc, presently inquired, witli a*;ot t< o eajy interest, aftera fan tly named 1 so and so, who wre atone time staying there. 1 The eldest was verbandsome—the younger—was she not destined the convent ? The curi did i not know ; he badheard so ; he fancied Mdlle. ; took the veil at Mre Dame tie Bon Secoura, at j Yl&tre;, about ten lagues from here. " To Ylfttre Grahme went; but not in his own ' person. He hail aready provided himself wit h the disguise of a fiar, and in this dress he took , his way to Yiatre. ffe was a master of rhe French j language, though nt of the Breton dialed, but he | was 'an old monk '.rom near Angor.lSme. It waa easy enough to deceve these simple people. 1 "At the outer gap of the Convent of the B011 Scc^urs he knocked one bitteT evening—it was within a week of < Irisimas—and he was faint for want of food. The liua and pious portress took him into her large rom ; an old man, and a holy pere. who should feat to give him entrance? " Ry-and-by, whei the old man was somewhat- revivea, be entered into conversation with the saur convrxc, who, like u?est of her kind, was a rare gossip. It was not difficult to worm out of her all the news of the convent,^including that of prettySocur Agr.os.tbe new novice, who was stubborn, atd not at all pious ; and in truth, on Jit, said ths portress, that her parents placed her here becaise she would not marry her cousin, M. Victor ;ani in truth, that was foolish, for which woridly seitiment the holy friar duly rebuked the portress. " Melanie was here, faithful to her English lover ! How to reach her? If secret means failed, he must try o;-en W.cs; hut sc-eiet means were the safest. The cliapel of the convent was in the garden, some tlree hundred yards from the convent itself ; and skilful crof <^ur< tv>nirg of t5'C {lortrcss, and observations ttker at J.'i^ht, apprised Grahame of the wing in which the cells of the novices were placed. That night—it v as dry and frosty—he scaled the coHvent*wall, and for more tliKii tv.o h<ure ; was busy piling up faggots and broken branches of trees "behind the chapel, close to ihe trees and i shrubs that grew there. I "Within one hour, a bright blaze shot up high! above the convent walls and tLe roof of the [ chapel, and a peasant waa ringing the great bell and calling out, ' Fire ! Fire !' " In two minutes the convent was like a disturbed ant-hill; the nuns, some half dressed, some wholly dressed, Were rushing out to their beloved chapel; peasants from the village were tearing up to assist in extinguishing the flames. No one noticed the old monk, who wore' a J&yman;'s dress under his.frock. A moment's scrutiny shewed him that the figure he sought was not among the nuns. He sped towards the convent; as he did so, a girl's figure, in dark garb, shot past him towards the great gates. It was Melanie ! Not spirit 1 ~ - nor virion, . . but Melanie . . herself! She was profiting by the confueioa to make her escape! He was wise enough i to master the man impulse to speak to her ! then. He followed ber; the night was dark ; ; she gained the open road and fled on, he following. As iie followed he flung away bis disguise; and when he judged it safe, with a few strides he gtiiiied her side. She turned, would have cried out in terror,but his ami was round her, his \- . . . ' - - haud on her mouth. ' Melanie'' he said, ' Melanie, it is I, Grahame, your lover!'" The narrator paused—his voice trembled. "Messieurs," he sai'i, after a moment's silence, " it is hard to speak of that meeting. Csa you not divine what it was to him to hold his Jove t-o his bArt, living, breathing, warm with passionate life, whom he had wt-pt for as among the oead ? And she—brave gi-i I—she did not faint. Diizy with joy, she yet remembered the ; peril, and bore up. but her first articulate words 1 . to her lover were these—' Ah : you have come, you have come ! I come to you ; did you not see tne that day among the trees T " She explained afterwards that she had on two occasions—the dates and hours of which tallied exactly with Grahmue's experiences—had impressions of being with her lover, imploring him to come to her, for she was not dead, but living. She felt that he was ' passing out of her life '— thai was her expression. She did not know what falsehood her parents had told her lover. On the first occasion she could only see that Grahame was: in a room ; she saw him as a dim outline ; she felt that he was conscious of her presence, but knew that he could not see her. In the second inetar.ee all was distinct. She described the place, the wintry trees, the path winding among them. She saw her lover walking with bended head. When he stopped, she turned to him, she tried co speak, but could not. He sought to embrace her, and then the whole scene was gone; but there.remained v illi her a strange conviction that he would come to her, and save her. " On neither of these occasions was Melanie asleep. The first time she was lying in her cot, broad awake, unable to sleep. She seemed to have, as it were, two personalities. She was conecious of lying on her cot, of her surroundings : ret she—some part of herself—was away in Eng- ?and, in the iirelit room with Grahame. On the eecond occasion she was kneeling in the chapel at vespers. Ail the time that her spirit was aosent eheknew what was going on in the chapel; she heard the nuns chanting; she heard the novice beside her muttering her « Ave Maria, gratia plena and ' Paternoster,' as she told her Deads ; yet she was away among the trees, in the dark, by her lover's side ; she heard even the soft rustle of her garments among the dead leaves. "All this is very strange, Messieurs. I tell it as it was told me. I have only suppressed some names because—voyez vovs—Mes> sieurs, Grahame and his bride are not yet beyond capture, and in this country, as I saidj I there is danjrer in such a proceeding. Perhaps you do not believe these things took place ; but if you do, how do you explain them ? " There was a short silence. The fire had sunk almost to blackness. So intense had been the interest <>f narrator and listeners in the singular putting on more fuel. M. Creinard spoke first in s kind of hushed voice. " Monsieur," he said, " I must thank vou for myself very, very much. I do not doubt that what you have related is true in every particular. I say frankly that it is most wonderful. I do not know that it needs explanation ; in reason there is none. I think even M. Mascot's scepticism must be shaken ! " " Parbleu, yes," said the naval ofiicer, stooping to replenish the fire, " and by Heaven, this—* this—^friend of yours, SL Vereker, deserves his bride. I hope they will have a ' happy Christmas,' eh ! M. Cremard ? " " Many, many of them !" said the advocate, a little huskily. . " Monsieur "—to Vereker, with a , roguish smile, which a glow from the fire dis- 1 played to full advantage—" I trust we may ' to-morrow all diink tlie health of M. Gerald Vereker and his bride Mdlle. Melanie." Melanie hid her face, half laughing, II trembiiug, too, on her lover's breast. He sti ek-.» j out his hand to be grasped cordially in- turu '-,v ; the two Frenchmen. " Messieurs," be said. " you are men of honour, j J know thai my story is safe with you. Tomorrow-ail the world-«u&y; know ifc Wcahall be In findw&—beyond »11 dwgf r ^ chr^mas M. CrimwA was roasttng ^lestnllts 1 overthe fire for Gerald 11 Vereker nerfnrm- a SI1rl M. Mascot was gallantly performing a like oSre for loveiy Melimte Vereker - ——— ^but L youni people clustered about when some 01 the voti! W hen you «"*= ' j Kis 'yarn.' , . fatj, er. j And f j ^ ^ n ^ i h i s ^ -d | • BUperaAtural? j ~ TimiortsAPniXG establishment in Buffalo recenlJj AimiofihAi-ii a circular note au- patbv We nonce that the circular you sent «s announcing the death of Mr. 's death w bthograced" by Chia,go parties. We r.gret .hat ^u dg no- soe it in your way to let us %»ro o» t.h, s job Jheuei time there .sa bereav,.nent m your house te shail be El,d to quote von ou lithographed c r- culnrs. nnd ^re conndent. that we can pre you h<vter work at less cost than anybody else m the business. Trusting we mav soon hr.ve cn opportunity of quoting your prices^ wo" remain, with profound sympathy, ^"A^HA^'"hailing from Wisconsin eloped with his D employer's and left the followin note tor the bereaved husband : " I have tooted your' but t . yc . r ,, yo„ ar welcum to my last weeks wnges, winch L ,, didn> t. draw ; and I hosp that squares things. , GKOU>TJ GKOU>T> TOR RON A>XIETT.—Jacits AXXIETT. " wiiats matter, Fagloy?" Fn^lnv Fagley. Fajrlcv: "I'm little trouHVd , over what L irkins said when I lent I11 in, oO doilnt s. Jacks: " Well, *h«t was it?" Fagley: " Ho said he could never repay me." . ON THE SIXTH AVENTE EI.EVATED.—" It is very cold on this platform," said Cholly Greenleat, as lie stood waiting for a Harlem train to arrive at t n„ Grand-street Station. "It may be, returned tUe tirkc-t-cbopper, guardedly, " but the next station is BWcker." _ , KNOCKED A WAGGOR SPBECHMSS.—First Darkv: «' Whur did yo' set dat blind ?" Second Darky: " It fell off a winder down street and knocked a wagon speechless" First Darkv (in surprise): "Speechless?" Second Darky: "Yah. nigger; broke de t °"^PAPA," said Johnny, "didn't George Washington ever tell a lie ?" " Never, ray sou." " Then how did he get his clinch on politics?" A MAK will walk a dozen blocks To take a man a dun, Then walk sixteen before he stops To get away .from one. A WEALTHY man was asked not long ago to subscribe to a worthv charity. " I should like to con- tribute," said hel " but I have 800,000 dols. in the bank not earning a cent, and I really can't afford it." A JOKE os THE MIKD-READER.—Cholly Slim-' Jeijrh : " 1 don't believe in mind-weadehs, you know." Miss Alert: "I supposed they could do anything" s] mileigh : " They're all fwauds, all fwauds. We had or.e at the club last night, ye know, and he twied to weaa mv mind. Made a failure of it—total failure. Had to* give it up." Miss Alert: " Bon't you think the joke was cruel? " """ Slimleigh : " There wasn't any joke about it, I assuah you. He twied and twied and ^couldn't make anything out of it. But we tweated him well—gave bim all the cigawettes he would smoke and told him we didn't doubt his ability to wead ohdinawv minds, you know, to make him feel comfortable."" Miss Alert: "Poor fellow!" KNEW WHERE HE WAS.—He didn't seem familiar with the place, and without taking into consideration the symptoms of spirits about him, he was evidently a stranger to the district of Columbia. There were several young men who wer* in looking for what they called fun. Thej directed one remark after another at the victim of conviviality, and finally one of them said: ' ril bet a dollar he doesnt know what state he's in." " So 1 1 11 4. will I," echoed I./. IiaM another; « Pfnii h(>T.irM>n " here it ht« is. I'll put it up." And he held a coin between his fingers. "I take (hie) the bet," was the response. " Gen'men, I'm (hie) in the state of intossication, an" I know it. Gimme eher dollar." And it had to be given up to avoid trouble, for the winner of the bet stuck to his rights. Ma. THOMPSON'S RETURN.—She's a good-looking, teen-eyed girl of 18, and I shouldn't wouder if she's , * stenographer in some business house in New York i-Te seen her come over on tlie Jfavoma ferry and take a suburban train on the Erie-road several times, and I always admired the independent and selfreliant way in which she carries herself. She isn't bold or brazen, but, sails right along as if she had certain rights and was bound to maintain them. One dav last \vs»ek as she left the boat a middle-aged man of pleasant features, who had followed her over, crowded her witb his elbow and turned and smiled and began an apology. SL" - ^ oa 1ike a flash He h- d « poted .'- her to b create an opportunity, -. and if not downed \- - then • and there he would pester her again. A dozen of us saw and heard what happened. She turned on him. extended her hand for a shake, and artlessly exclaimed: I «• Why. Mr. Thompson, is that you ? Why, the last i I heard of you you had run away to Boston With a .servant-girl, and your wife didn't care a cent ! You snust have cot back '." He had. He had got. back !GO much that his face fired up, the words he wanted I to utter «tucV in bis tbroit, and he made a mysterious ! disappearance about five seconds later. " Knows her | biz." observed a man w!io was walking behind the : giri. " Yon bet!" replied his friend. "Shell make ; somebndv a staving good wife." j j UST WHAT SUB I.OOKKD LIKE.—She was a plump j woman, and it would not have been a violent stretch ini of the truth to call her a corpulent one. With the fatuity which sometimes seizes upon her sex in the wav of deciding to wear the most conspicuous stuffs, "she had selected as the material of her gown a brocade such as of old was used by the upholsterer. She was covered with figures so large that, had I she been smaller, not so much as a single one could have been crowded upon her; yet which she displayed as fully as a conscientious sign-board could : hare done. There werethose in the company who were not restrained by the loftiness of her social position from remarking* upon her striking appearance, and as she sailed across the room one of these persons said to her neighbour: " Do lookat Mrs. Bowsersox; isn't she astonishing to-night ?" " Yes,' was the reply. " She looks exactly like an escaped sofa THE BARBEB WAS READY.—A veteran told this aa happening at Savannah during the war: A young Confederate officer, who was pretty much of a bully, stepped in at a tonsorial saloon. Drawing his sword, be ordered the barber to shave bim, at the same time warning him that if he cut his face or drew a drop of > blood he would kill him when he got up. The operation was performed without accident. Before lie j went out, however, the bully asked the artist if he ' wasnot verymuch frightenedwhilehewas doing the 0 work, lne barber smiiefl. I. . ® ' he replied, " for if I had accidentally drawn a drop of blood I would have cut your throat from car to ear before you could have moved." A PiiiLAtiELrnrA boy was asked if he ever prayed in church, and answered. "Oh. I always say a prayer, like all the rest do. just befoVe the sermon begins." " Indeed responded tlie astonished querist.. " What do you say?" " Now I lay me down to sleep.'' A GENTLEMAN stepped into a store where none but "mourning goods" were sold, and inquired for slate-colonred gloves. . The polite clerk informed him that only black goods were sold in that room ; for slate-coloured gloves he must step into tbo " mitigated affliction department" UP in Art—The New York correspondent of tbo Boston Advertiser tells of a precocious miss who thought she knew enough about " art" to make her criticisms worthy of some attention. The other flay a la-dv showed "this independent young thinker a picture hanging on the wall of her drawing-room, and ~ " in : a most elaborately decorated frame. " D.i ;.n't '* you think that a pretty picture ?" she asked. -V „ like f ,, ,1 1 n , the frame very much" much; was the reply. But. „,y dear, that is a mastei piece of , *, Guido.' , Guido - a" r asked the young critic, " wasn t he the nan litat >not tlie President?' Av Arkansas girl refused to marry her !ovc-r unless be performed some heroic deed. He eloped wi'b her mother. IIoTr.i. keepers complain this year of t in- people who register with a great, spread and then go off to a cheap boarding-bouse. WE dislike to intimate tbat it. is possible for au editor to lie, but the statement in a Texas paper that a c.itfiah that weighed I701bs. was caught, in the Brazosjustifies the apprehension that if the editor ia not careful, he may, unknowingly, learn to exaggerate, and then he will dnft into politics. It-is very difficult for a oatfisb to weigh 1701b*. The catfiah baa no \XsOpyrtanZ. j 