AMUSEMENTS FOR THE PEOPLE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I have read with much interest your very able sub-leader under above heading, as well as your correspondent's letter, each of which appeared in your issue of 6th inst., and I must commend you for your very sensible article which appeared some little time since advocating a better use of your parks and outdoor evening amusement for the people ; in fact a literary friend of mine who read the article in question said it was the very best of the kind he had ever read. It is quite true that with a population of 130,000 you can only keep half a Theatre going, but let me ask your correspondent "Enterprise" is the fault all due to managers V I am willing to admit a great deal is, but not all. Let me tell " Enterprise 7 ' a little secret (I do not intend it for scandal). Not long since I met :i deacon of one of your suburban Churches and a wellknown merchant at the Princess Theatre here two nights running. The gentleman in question never attends a theatre in Adelaide. Again, I asked a well-known Rundle-street tradesman to dine with me one evening (I always keep a good table), when he informed me lie regretted very much but he had a prior engagement. The same evening I met him at the Bijou Theatre witnessing that very naughty comedy, " Sophii." This gentleman also never attends a theatre in Adelaide. Now if the two gentlemen referred to happen to catch sight of this they will know who your correspondent is; but perhaps Rundle-street contains so many likewise that every other man will feel himself written at. However, the story is true. So you see, "Enterprise," you must not blame the management altogether. It will probably surprise many of your readers to know that Dr. Bevan was really splitting his sides the other evening at Billy 351 ton'a "Dashing Militaire." Where is the man who could not appreciate the most charming comedy "Much Ado About Nothing," which is nightly performed by Brongh & Boucicault at the Bijou, or again, the funny pantomime at the Royal, with Greville and Walton to keep us amused ? Surely innocent pastime, truly nonsense, yet it amuses one. I can only hope that your subleader will be the means of bringing up fresh capital, and that before I visit your most chanr.ing of charming cities you will at least have six theatres for me to visit. I am, Sir, &c.;, SHAKSPEARE'S GHOST. Tiverton, Toor&k;, Melbourne, February!). 