FICTION. From ED g Ititi» Amerlcnn, find Oilier Periodical«* HANKED, BUT LIVING. PART I. It may be taken as a common rule of life that an experience of a peculiar kind, such as would be re- membered long afterward, falls within the lot of moit men. Mme is one of such cases. The ex- perience which I have to relate being not only peculiar, but considerably out of the common rua, I have ventured to set them before you in my own way The narratives of these other persons who took part in this curious drama of real life were, at my request, written and placed in my keeping in the days when all England was still ringing with my Btory, and they now appear for the first time. That every word of what those that follow me shall tell is strictly and literally true the records of the criminal courts prove. More than this, in vindica- tion of my own good faith and the good faith of those persons who at my request will each in turn account for their respective parts in this curious play of real life, it is unnecessary for me to say, and with your permission I will at once proceed to the business in hand. These are the facts as nearly as I can recall tbem : Twenty years ago-that is in the spring of 1812 -my brother, Harry Preston, and myself were actors in Howbridge's Royal Shakesperian Com- pany, which at that time worked through nearly the whole northern circuit of England. Howbridge was a retired sea captain, with a taste for the drama, who had invested his savings in the theatrical business, and, on the whole, taking one year with ' another, did very well. We two brothers had travelled together from place to place, sharing with each other when times were good, or starving with each other when times were bad, and exchanging no angry words for five years. Then one morning Howbridge announced that we might expect an acquisition to the company at rehearsal that day none other than Miss Annie Glover, an actress with a good metropolitan reputation, who had been specially engaged for leading business in our autumn tour. She was to take the place of our regular leading lady, who had married and retired. Even at this distance of time every little detail of that day's work is indelibly impressed on my mind. I remember even the trivial blunders at rehearsal, and, in particular, the hash I made of my own lines-a circumstance overlooked in the stir which signalised Miss Glover's first entrance into our company. She proved to be a pale, slender singularly beautiful woman with Jbig, brown eyes, a wealth of dark hair coiling in a knot at the back of her head, and a lithe, willowy grace of movement that gave her the appearance of being taller than she really was ; a woman who returned our first curious stare with the complacency of contemptible indifference. I " There is a history before her/' said Foyle, the stage manager to me, as, deferentially escorted to the prompter's table by Howbridge, she took a seat and calmly looked on, seeming in one glance to take in every detail of the scene. " She knows hpr business, however," he added, later, when she had spoken the first few lines of her part with the heavy man. I did not notice hiB words at the time. I did not seem to hear them. My eyes were fixed on the new leading lady, now flitting; gracefully from point to point of the stage, and never left her until I awoke with a start to hear Howbridge's voice calling for the change of scene. " Look at old Macy," said Foyle suddenly to me. " What's come over him ? Is he going to have an other of those strokes ? Hanged if he isn't staring at that woman as though he had seen a ghost." I turned my head in the direction of the place where Macy, in his capacity as prompter, waa accus- tomed to take up his position. A snuffy, weazened, palsied, seemingly worn-out old man, with a shuffling gait, and carrying with | him a perpetual sniffle and a general impression of his having dressed himself in a hurry. As I looked at him I saw that he was standing stock still, leaning heavily against the roller of the pros- cenium, with a face as white as death. His eyes were fixed and staring upon the newcomer, his mouth wide open as though he were breathing hard. Howbridge's. voice seemed t» recall him as from a dream. With a start he came out of his trance, his face assumed its usual lifeless, automaton-like espression, he picked up the prompt book from the table, and the re. hearsal proceeded. Report had said that Annie Glover was mistress of every detail of her art, and for once report had spoken truly. That much I knew already. What I knew soon afterward WBB that I loved her with my whole heart. i I don't attempt to excuse myself for this weak- ness, I don't attempt to explain it. I don't blame anyone but myself for what followed. I can't tell how I came to love her. What I suddenly woke up to, however, was that she had possession of me body and soul, that she lived in my thoughts, and that she was the guiding in- fluence in my life. I hid my heart from the others > I thought I hid it from her. But I was wrong. I now know that she had discovered my secret before I had discovered it for myself. At last the crisis of the fever came and with it my oonfession of miserable weakness. I mind the time well enough, a bright warm sunshiny after- noon, with scarcely a breath of wind to stir the lazy stillness that hungover all things. We had travelled through half the previous night and that morning rehearsed in the town of Beverly. Looking around the stage when the rehearsal was over I thought that Annie Glover had already gone home, when, passing the half-open door of her dressing room, I heard the sound of a sob. I stopped, hesitatpd for a moment, then gently pushed open the door and went up to where she was sitting in her chair with her back toward me. Apparently, she did not notice my approach, but remained perfectly still with her face buried in her hands. Of course I was as stupid and Bpeechles3 as a block of wood. Men in my condition, under ,such circumstances, nearly always are. I could only Btand over her in silence with all my heart in my eyes. My hand timidly stole forth and rested on her shoulder. " What ia your trouble ? Whan can I do ? Let me help you," I stammered at last. She turned her head at the sound of my voice and laughed bitterly. "What is the trouble?" she cried. "My own thoughts. They are always my trouble. No one can save me from them. Better for yon, better for every one, to leave me to myself." She looked down as she spoke, and beat the floor with her foot. " Suppose I put you to the test," she said, musingly, after a minute of silence. " Would you befriend me, I wonder ?" " Ask me whether I would die for you," I burst forth, I had betrayed myself ! She started from her chair. Her eyes flashed superbly. Her whole face became suffused with the light of her triumph. Her bosom heaved convul- sively. Thus we stood for a moment, facing each other. " I know what you mean-I know you now," she panted. "You love me." A radiant smile broke over her face. " Mine," I heard her mur- mur. " Mine ! No power can take him from me !" She threw herself into my arms. Her head slowly bent forward until it rested on my shoulder. " Take me," she whispered. That was the beginning of the.fool's dream 5 and the dream was sweet while it lasted. Perhaps that only made the awakening all the bitterer. I don't know exactly how or when the first cold- ness began to make itself felt, but it seemed to flush upon me all at once that Annie, of her own act, was B'owly, almost imperceptibly, drifting away from me. Each succeeding day, each succeeding hour, evidenced the golf which had opened between us. Neglect took the place of coldness, and then came absolute avoidance. One day I came upon her in the hall corridor of the theatre and tried to speak. She turned her back upon me and walked on to the stage. Then I did absolutely the worst thing possible under the circumstances-lost my temper. I followed her on to the stage and broke into a torrent of reproaches. She turned deliberately and laughed mockingly in my face. " I've been playing with you, you fool," she said, and walked leisurely away. Then for the first time I realised how I had been tricked, played with, and cast aBide, and the knowledge left me dumb, motionless, and cold. As she turned out of the shadow of the hall doorway into the sunlight a bent, crouching figure shambled past me, following her. I started forward and caught the figure by the arm. "What," I cried, with a loud, harsh laugh. " What ! old man, are you in the toils, too ?" " I can't help it," cried Macy, in a trembling whisper, pointing with his finger in the direction of the door. " I must follow her ; she forces me to it ; she holds me fast, body and soul. She won't leave me at rest. She fascinates me with those eyes until I feel them drawing me on and on and on-God knows where. Have you ever seen a snake and a rabbit ?" he whispered, hoarsely, with his lips to m/ ear. " I'm the rabbit." The next moment he had broken away from me, turned the corner of the doorway, and was gone. I went home to my lodgings, threw myself into a chair, and tried to recall my mind to some sense of my position. Harry was out when I went in. At this I was not serry, for I wanted to be alone for awhile, to think over it all and compose myself sufficiently to hide the story from him In all things else I might have found relief in his sym- pathy and consolation. But in this matter I had always felt an unaccountable repugnance to telling him anything, and the repugnance was all the stronger now. We had for some reason seen lees of each other during the last month than at any time. This was probably more my fault than his. yet whenever we met there was somehow a kind of restraint upon us- less of that old easy confidence to which we had been so long accustomed. AB I have already said, the fault was mine. The change which had of late come over me and shut me up within my own dreaming had brought about a Corresponding change in him. This was only natural and only to be looked for. Yet I could find no name for the strange feeling which now came over meas my thoughts turned to Harry. All was doubt and uncertainty and confusion, with but two things clear and settled, that the woman whom I had loved had betrayed me, and (hat my heart tra broken. While I sat there buried in my own thoughts a hand was placed on my shoulder. I looked up quickly. Harry was standing over me with a very grave expression on his face. "You old muff," he said, with a half laugh, " what are you dreaming about ? You never even noticed my entrance into the room. Jack !" he ex- claimed, with sudden earnestness, " there is some- thing troubling you-there bas been something wrong with you for a long time. Tell me what it is-tell your brother and let me Bhare the trouble whatever it may be. I haven't your soberness and sense ; I know I am a fool, but fools can sometimes teach the wise. Come, old fellow, don't be afraid," he went on after a moment's silence ; " you remem- ber what Scripture says, ' Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings.' Tell me and trust me." I took his band and pressed it. I could not speak. I could only look at him with all the gratitude within me speaking out 'of my eyes. Should I tell him the truth ? Better not-better to bear my own load in silence and leave the sun- shine in his life unclouded by the sha3ow of mv sorrow. That moment turned the current of my existence. If I had but spoken then, that which came after would, never could bave happened, and this story would not have been written. " It is nothing, my lad, nothing to speak of, that is to say," I answered rising. " I am a little de- pressed, that's all. I think I'll go up stairs and sleep it off." " Oh, I don't want to force myself into your con. fldence," he answered sharply, turning away with an offended air. " If you wish to shut yourself up, by all means do so. I'm Borry I spoke." As I reached the door he came after me and took my hand. " Forgive me, Jack," he said, " I did not mean to speak so roughly. Keep your secrets if you will, but remember always that I only want to help you." " I will remember, Harry," I replied, and went upstairs. One thought now, strangely enough, troubled me in regard to Annie Glover, and it troubled me by day and night. Who was the man that supplanted me in her regard. That there was a man some- where I felt sure, though I knew of no one as yet. Women of her stamp took care never to be without seme one banging at their apron strings. I could not understand why the question should worry me> I being done with, another man's case could not affect mine ; and yet, somehow, the thought was there. I resolved to watch and wait. I was not long kept in doubt. Before a week had passed I had discovered the man-and the man was no other than my brother. Yes, it was true, the witch had got him, as she had already got me. I saw it in his eyes as they followed her about the stage. I saw it in his looks when he spoke to her, and she saw it, too. I never went near her now, out of the regular business routine ; but sometimes, when he had been speak- ing to her, her face would light up with the look that I remembered so well, and her eyes turn to me with the insolent triumph in them that sent my blood to fever heat. Blind and lost in my own infatuation, I had never seen the truth until it was too late. Step by step, point by point, she led him on, as she had led me. Step by step, point by point, I Baw the brother I loved falling to hiB destruction before my eyes, and I was powerless to save him. But powerless to save him though I might be, I would at least make one effort. One day I met her in the passage-way leading to the dressing rooms. I stopped to apeak. She guessed my intent and tried to pass on, but I put out my arms and barred her progress. I implored her to give me a moment's audience. (To be continued) 