? ''* ' THE . -. ?' ''''?'COMBrNATipN LOCK MYSTERY; on ..,.,-,, in-!''': Little liKlitniiitf. CHAPTER XIV. Poison and tbb Antidote. Joi ' winced porccptlbry under Llttlo Llghtnjng's words, Of course It wns all Greek to tlio Inspector, who, shrewd mnn ns lie wns, diet not auspect that Llttlo Lightning hnd any ulterior pur s' ?'? poscrlu view in thus speaking. 1 I've eald Jiut enough to mnko him very . , uneasy,' said Lightning to himself. ' ltu won't bo able to niako out whether 1 meant anything or not. uouuucss it will cause him to communicate with his pals, ami will lcul to tome plan to ? Ox ' me, which Is just . what I want now. I£ that is done, ho un masks his haml nnd what is now only sus picion, based on theory, will then become a fnct.' , lie now wanted to sea Hattlc Sllva for a minute or two, mid then he would take his ! ' departure t ? ? You will fiml her In her room nboro this,' tho inspector said, when Llttlo Lightning mentioned her name, do right up and announce yourself.1 A minute or so before Jcx had disappeared through the back parlour. ' As Little Lightning stepped Into the hall, ,ho caught, a gllnipso of u womnn's figure ^'ivnulslilngin. tho direction of the basement, '-'while Jcx was stepping Into the anteroom ncljolnlUK the back parlour. ? ? Llttlo Lightning's eyes ililnted n little, then He went up stairs, his brows contracting thoughtfully, where he fount! Hattlc Sllvn la v the room where the safestood, and as ho ex pected, the sorrowing girl was overjoyed to sec him. 'I have been so nnxlously waiting for you to come,' ehc cxclnlmcil. 'Tell mo quickly, have you made sure that— that— my brother . ' 'm not murderer by— Ellis Marsh /' ! 'I aiii positive ot it.' Now Little Lightning asked n question which was really the sole purpose of visit. \- Did you over we Mr. Jcx,' hesaid, ? before you met him In this house V The girl gazed earnestly Into tho ques tioner's face. Then she slowly replied: 1 You evidently hare a purpose in asking the question, so 1 will say this— that I havo been haunted by the Impression that I once saw his face o,t the window of that board! ug-housc across the street.' Tho detective cried : ' Bravo I' ? Docs that reveal nny tiling V she asked. 'It does, We are getting along famously. But Miss Sllva, do not repeat this to any 1 ? body, not even to tho inspector.' ? I will do as you bid me, for somehow 1 amimpelied to place the most implicit con fidence In you.' . Mt is well that you do. And now, good bye,' rising to leave as he spoke these last words. . .. Meanwhile Jcx had joined the inspector, and just as Lightning entered the room the inspector paused before a speaking-tube nnd blew Into it, and said : ? Wo filiould like a bottle of nine, nnd three glasses.' 'What kind of wine/1 The inspector turned, and inquired : ' What's your wlno, Little Lightning V 'Sherry, usually.' ' Aud yours, Jex )' 'Sherry suits me.' Obtaining these replies, the inspector called down the tube for sherry. A couple of minutes later the housekeeper entered with a tray on which were n bottle, a corkscrew, and three glasses. ; . She put the tray on the table. Ab the inspector took up the bottle nnd the corkscrew, she said : ' Perhaps you had better open the bottle anil pour the wine over by the mantel.' The Inspector acted on the suggestion, nnd the housekeeper took up the . tray, and stationed herself beside him. , lie filial the glaoscs, ono oi which the ?-woman lifted and placed on the mantel for ? .him, and then, with two remaining glasses . .on the tray, stopped toward the centre of the apartment. . Jex being nearest to her, she held the tray before him first. He took tho glass closes't to his band. Then the woman presented tho tray, with the single glass of wine rcmainiug, to the detective. U'clrig very suspicious ot the woman, he had narrowly watched her every movement ; but everything had followed in such natural sequence, there was nothing forced, and he took the glass and tossed off tin wine on the epot., , Little Lightning put back the empty glass on tho tray, on which Jex also placed his. 'Tlufdetectlvc arose, and Bald: '1 must be off.1 , ...... ' Following up another craiy clue, ch 7' laughed tho Inspector. 1 My time will not bo' wasted as much as you seem to believe, so prepare for a big sur prise.' He was moving toward the door as he spoke Acting oil a sudden impulse he faced about, and glanced from Jex to the woman, ns he wan certain he saw a sivlft look of intelli gence exchanged between them. .Musing, he went across Twenty-Third street, and turned into Broadway. ' , He hid gone several blocks along this last thoroughfare when he became conscious ol lightness In the head — of a ' tloatlng sensa tion,' as It Is not inaptly described ; this was awlftly followed by a perceptible unsteadi ness, augmenting with each pausing second until it became downright giddiness. Little Lightning staggered to the nearest lamppost, clutching which for support, he asked Hlmwilf : ' What Is the meaning of thl- strange sickness In my head /' Momentarily it grew worse, and everything Y*g»n to grow dark before hiseyes ; his mini! lost its clearness. When ho tried to think, the thoughts eluded bis mental grasp. Too well he had succeeded In exciting the fears of Arthur Jcx. That personage had felt it necessary to act promptly, and he and the housekeeper hail hatched up between them un Inferu il scheme. The interview between thorn had been fot cv purpose. They had poisoned him I It was all that Little Lightning could do to prevent hlnw-lt from falling headlong into the gutter. His strength, taxed to tin utmint, barely ituillued to sup|iort him by aid ol the l«mp-lw«t. A drug ai.iru was near by. But he had not strength sufficient to reach It. Kven wero he inaUli! the »tjre. It could du III n. little good ; (or, inn»tnuch as he did not know the particular poison administered, ii Nv.mM be Impossible to provide a spjclllr tin dole. Mu't he, then, diet it biked very much like It. There was only ono ghost of show left him, bn1'. tint was to take an emetic, or bring on Vitakitiug in some way, and thui empty bis »»j-mucri, and he accomplished bli purpose, instantly ntterwnnh oxporloncml a fcollnu of relief. it Is a singular thing, but nil absolute fuel, Hint in Now York nine hundred mid ninety nine pur.-'ouu out of one thousand will pass n man before one will stup to inqulro Into tho real slnte of affairs. Tho huinnuo individual who was the first to speak -personally to Llttlo Lightning was a brawny.fnccd rann, with a kindly, honest fnco. 'WlintV the trouble, limn/ ho inquired, as he touched I ho dutcctlve on the shoulder Little Lightning glnnued nt him. Tim stranger went on : ' If's there's anything 1 can do for .von, epeak out.' By a superliumnn effort T.lttlo Lightning contrived to Intelligently nay : ' You loo llko a man of Intelligence, and I'll trust you. l'vo been poisoned. I have caused myself to vomit, Kow, If you would save my life, start mo, and keep ma on tho go, ntul when 1 begin to dmg, pour whlskoy into mo,' ' l'oiioncil I' gnspsd the other. ' Yes. ' muttered Llttlo Lightning, nlrcndy bcginuiiig to droop. Tim klwlly face of tho stranger took on a resolute expression, anil nlmost roughly tearing Little Lightning from hin support, ho began walking him down Broadway, turning the lint corner they enmo to, am entering the lew-travelled side street, nnd as good luck would have It, the stranger en countered a personal friend, between them they kept him on tho go for n full hour, pausing in the meanwhile for a second now and then to give him a mouthful of liquor. At the expiration of the time mentioned, Little Lightning had pasted tho point of dnuger i half-nn-uour later ha parted with tho two men who had so deeply befriended him. He had given them his name, nnd hni| obtained theirs, together with tholrnddrosses. With n terrible Inward sinking, ho started for a restaurant, muttering that: 'Onco out side, of a good portcr-hoiiRo steak and a dish of fried potatoes, rounded off with a glass of rye whisky, and I'll be myself ngnlu, if I'm uot mistaken.' Ho carried out the programme thus out lined, nnd was surprised to llnd how much better ho really fult. There wns a certain '.gone1 feeling, an echo, ns It were, of what he had felt, which still stuck to him ; but It was not sufficient to deter him from following out the investi gation of the most mysterious case known in tho aunals of the Now York police. It was absolutely necessary for him to ascertain why a man llko Jack Seaman should run counter to his murderous com panions, nnd bravo their enmity to save n mnn who, being a dctccllve, was a natural encniv. While walking slowly along, pondering over these things, he cmight sight of Jack Seaman In ndvauco of him. At sight of him an Idea suddenly flashed through the detective's mind. Quickening his pace ho overtook the man nnd said, ' How nre you, Scamnu 7 The mnn started guiltily, n hunted look came into Ids eyes, and Into his face leaned an expression hnlf-scnred, half defiant. Little Lightning nt once reaBsureil him by saying : ' 1 mean you no harm. I am not ' piping,' or on tho ' lay ' for you. I am your friend nnd also tho friend of the man who is a prisoner in the cellar of that fiends' den.' 'You mean it?' 'I do.' ' Then tell mo what you want.' ?I will do so nt once' We are not far from the same size. I wnnt to visit the ?Brown Jug,' and pass myself off as Jack Seaman, an I see tho prisoner. ' You can't fetch it.' The detective smiled, and then said : ' 1 can do no more thnn try.' Satisfied that Little Lightning's purpose wnsn fricndlyonc, Jack Scninnn accompanied the detective to n convenient place, where the chtingo of cloth itifj could bo effected. Mumping Jupiter!' exclaimed Seaman when he surveyed Little Lightning, so train formed, so like himself ns he had appeared In tho Kime clothing, that he felt Inclined to pinch his ami and' see if It were not nil a dream. ' Wnlt hero for mo. I don't think it will take mo more than an hour I' said Lightning as ho took hU departure Tho nature of his errand was such thnt he would drnw upon himself tho eyes of men who had the best] reason in the world to hate Seaman. And it is hardly necessary to say that the eyes of hate are always keen ones, and lianl te be decicved, but should ho fall to dcclevc them the alternative was that he could not reasonably expect to leave the As he entered the bar-room he was greeted In n gruff tone by the proprietor, with : ' You didn't take a very long stroll after your dinner, Jack.' Tho detective cooly returned : ' No ; know Ing how tricky you fellows arc, I didn't cans to be nway long.' ' Kind of auspicious, ain't you .' ' Yen, i nm. And I'm going to keep a sharp eye on you.' The proprietor of the den laughed. The seeming Jack Seaman gazed fixedly at him a minute, nud then, with a shake of tho head, he said: 'Thought perhaps you might have been up to foul play, suspecting which 1 now demand to be taken down to -ee tho beak I' ' Can't do it.' ' If you don't I'll have the place ' nulled ' inside of 16 minutes. The other grew ashen faced, and uttered : ' And give yourself away in doing it (' ' Yes, if it Is necessary.' There could be no such thing ns mistaking the grim and unalterable resolution of the man who uttered these wordB, and presently dime the grumbling ndoiuder: 'Well, then, 1 suppose I've got to 'cave.' Under his breath he added : ' I'll get square for this by locking you Into the cellar, nud we can then linish the pair of you at one nud the same time.' Unable to help himself, but exulting in the thought that he would turn his present defeat Into victory, he did as he was bidden, uud led the way to the cellar. Ai ho flung open the door of tho black hole In which the prisoner was, he grullly said : 1 lie's in there. Of course I ain't a going to leave your here alone with him. I'll stay here by the door.1 Something In the tone aroused the dctec tlvu's suspicions. Like an Intuition he de fined what might be In the villain's mind, .uid he returned: 'Very wull, but I'll help myself to this patent padlock, nnd retain it during the Interview. And It might nut be a bad idea, since you intend remaining, to phice yourself just opposite tlto door where 1 can keep an eye on you.' So deep was the rascal's chagrin ut being « ueatly foiled that he ground his teeth loguthur iu a way not nlrauuwt to hear. It suggested the teitth of a tiger piuieintr through the llrali of its victim, uud crunching lijltilist tllU bollU*. Paying no heed to this manifestation of ualttY-d rage, Little Lightning advanced to mist be caution*. Let no wont reach the ? I understand. .Now, tell me, who ure you I' ' l).in't you recognise me V ?Little Lightning,' exclaimed Jim ISrace, who had recot'iiiied the voice, but fulled '.o ideuiir'y the man ihrnngh thy disguise. Then tie euutiuutd, uttor the surprise had worn uli, ' I thought you hud forgotten me.' ' Not at all. If 1 had I wouldn't be here now, but how fare* It I1 Jim Draco laughed softly. Then he said : ' As soon as I was shut up here I weut to TOik. They supposed me under the lullu nice of a drug, which, uf cours i, I wasn't. .Veil, although they didn't suspect it, I've [lie mean* to -n:tpa at eotnmaari, itid cas 4V«llrovielf oi then) *t a, tiMoad'i not|c«,' Lllllu Llghlnlng said, warmly :' llwoo you're a hrlek, nnd a mnn of nerve I Mighty iuu- men In your position would run (lie risk you are taking lo help n friend.' * Yuu'vo donu mu ns good n turn,' observed llruco, 'nnd 1 nm not one to forget n favour, Hut you had a purpose In coming horo /' 'Vim. First of nil 1 minted to assure mysalf that you had not met with actual ? I lniv'e not, ns you see,' returned Brace. 1 Ami your further reason for this visit V ? Sow llrst answer mo this : Do you know Jullini I'eirln (' ' Yes. I onco look hold of a caw for him thnt mndu It necessary he should tell mu something about Ids life, nud that was to trace up hU wife nnd children.' Little Lightning cxclnlmcil : ? This gives mo an Idea I This explains why tho conspl lutors thought it necessary to got you out of the wny.' ' The wife, 1 discovered, hnd died, but tho children could not bo found.' Little Lightning's anticipations hni been aroused to a high pitch. Ho hnd believed that llmco was on the point of tel ling him thnt Kdwnnl and llnttle Sllvn were In reality tho children ot Jothro l'orrln, ' Hut about illiu Sllvas— tho young mnn nnd the young lady /' ?That Is another chapter in the slrnmio case. Tlioso children wero run across in my chase, and Mr. Perrln nt first bcllvcd they were his son and daughter, and bade me work to prove tho fnct. I trial hard, nnd could not do It. In the meantime ho became quite fond of them, nnd determined to keep them.' Llttlo Lightning was silent for tomo seconds. Then he abruptly said : ? You con sider yourself In no danger here, you say 7' ,. 'There Is, of course, a certain degree of danger, but not so much ns lo f rlglitcn me Iu Ibo least. As I told you, I've got things ilxcd bo that 1 can remove any time I sec lit.1 ' You will do mo a favour If you will re main 24 hours more.' Hut Little Lightning mldcd : ' However, 1 do not ask It nt the risk of your life. If nbsoluto peril menaces you, do not hesitate one minute.' ? ' 1 bear In ralnd whnt you say,' Everything having been thus ncrfcotlv understood, Llttlo Lightning left the black hole. The padlock having been banded back, nnd tho door secured, he was conducted to the saloon above by the angry proprietor. Tho detective lost no time In rcjulning Sonnmn, and delighted that Individual with the Information thnt Brace was alive nnd could, If he chose, gain his liberty nt nny moment. ?Shortly after, n rc-exchnmnj of clothlnc linving taken plnce in the meanwhile, Jack Seaman and Little Lightning parted coin Slaving a llttlo time nt his disposal, the detective acted on n sudden- born Impulse, nud went to pay a visit to tho man he had ' bagged ' so cleverly In the dcii to which he had traced Laura Hlakc. Ho found the fellow looking very blue and downcast. As soon ns ho know his visitor to he the detective who had so neatly captured him, he asked, with nit assumption of injured innocince why ho was detained. Iu n quiet sarcastic tone the detective interrupted : ' Tho Insulted dignity racket won't work here, my noble duke. I've got you down line, nnd If you arc wise will take this thing quietly, nnd play into my hands nil you can.1 'Whnt do you mean? How can I play Into your hands (' ' I'll tell yon one way— by giving me nil tho information in your power regarding Tho prisoner, llko nil men ot his clnss when cornered, to save his own skin, gave all the Information he possessed of Jones. Let out where he lived nnd informed the detective that ho had travelled with Laura Dlnke under another name. 