CARDINAL MANNING'S SUC CESSOR. As was generally anticipated, Dr. Herbert Vaughah, Bishop of Salford, has been appointed Archbishop of Westminster, in succession to the late Cardinal Manning. The new Arch bishop is a member pf an old English Catholic family which has given many distinguished members to the Church of God. Boger Bede Yaughan, the late Archbishop of Sydney, was a brother of the Bishop of Salford," and there are two or three Other members of 'the | family in the religious habit. Dr. Herbert Vaughan. is .60 years pf age, and was consecrated Bishop of his present See/ by Cardinal Wiseman in 1872\. He is a distinguished scholar .and preacher, and a man of . literary tastes. The London Tablet and'the Dublin Review, both high-class Catholic organs, are under his control.. As President pf. theCatholic'Truth Society and St. Joseph's Foreign Mission Society, Dr. Yaughan has done much to spread. theJigbt pf the true Faith at home . and . abroad; whilst as an administrator, and a zealous. exemplary prelate he leaves nothing to be; desired. . Viewed merely from an ecclesiastical standpoint, it [ will be generally admitted that no more .appropriate successor Could be"found1 to the' late Cardinal than the distinguished''.prelate in whose arms he died. But the position of Archbishop of Westminster carries with it for more important functions than that of mere . adminstration of ap English See. The holder of that/high office will be looked np to as. tbejhead of the English speaking . Catholic. world. BCe .^l. have . social, and ' diplomatic functipns to perform apart from: his ecclesiastical duties. It is in this respect, that some doubts may exist as W; the suitableness , of the present selection. ; Dr. ■/Herbert L ;Vaugiiah/ is noted' ~ for his^ Tory ; and aristocratic . ■••'iff. • ' "•'■;;■•'; : leanings.;, He iB a pronounced, ariaeyen hittpfJ opponent of the national aspira-' lions .of] Wei people. "i&e; ' Iffliet, his official organ, has at times com-' merited on Irish matters with an animus worthy of the London Times. So prejudiced and unfair indeed were the articles in the Tablet, that Dr. Croke, the patriotic Archbishop of CaBhel, indignantly refused to receive the paper, and returned it accompanied by a scathing letter. The Unionist and anti-Irish proclivities of the new Arch bishop are unfortunate, as three fourths of his flock are Irish or of Irish descent. The knot of aristocratic English families, with the Duke of Norfolk at their head, whom O'Connell apologised for emancipating, are in fluential, but numerically small. They follow the lead of Lord Salisbury, and even the bigoted diatribes of the British Premier, against the Catholic religion, have failed to draw from them any protest. The Bishop of Salford has been identified with this selfish clique, and it is to be feared that his sympathy and. influence with the great bulk of his people may be to some extent impaired on this account. The two illustrious Cardinals—Wiseman and Manning— who have ruled with bo much wisdom and dignity over the See of West minister, were in complete accord with the national' aspirations of the Irish people, Cardinal Wi0eman was Irish himself, and love of the island of saints and sympathy with her people was a -distinguishing trait in the character of Cardinal Manning. Men of the supreme genius and broad sympathies of these two great churchmen are not given to every age or generation. That the political views of a Catholic prelate have an important bearing on the in fluence and usefulness of his administra tion has been 'made manifest in many instances, notably in the unfortunate attitude taken up by Cardinal Cullen to the national movertient in Ireland. The mode of procedure in nomina ting a successor to a deceased bishop in England is interesting, and hot generally known. It is set forth in the Deorees of the four provincial . Synods of West minister, and is as followsWithin a month of the decease of a bishop the canOns of the cathedral meet as a Chapter for the selection of a successor under the presidency' of the Senior Suffragan Bishop. After the Mass of the Holy Ghost , has been sung an oath of secrecy is administered, and each writes the name of the ecclesiastic whom he thinks best suited for the position.' A second and third candidate are appointed in the same way. After the votes are counted the papers are immediately burnt. A document is then drawn up, stating the names of the three candidates. Three copies are taken—ohe held by the Chapter, one by the presiding Bishop, and the third is forwarded to the Propaganda. But the naiUOS are first considered by the bishops of the province, and are thqn forwarded in alphabetical order to the Sacred College of the Propaganda, and they are finally submitted to the Holy Father. In Ireland the candidates are marked Dignust.dignior, dignisswius, but iu England they are submitted in alpha betical, order without preference. His Holiness usually, selects one of the three names isttbtnittedi bat is inno way bound lb do so.' CardinaTMariningwas selected fpir. the .See of Westminster jn succession to Cardinal Wiseman,* although not cue of the three candidates submitted by the Chapter* Fall particulars regarding the persons chosen by the Chapter are forwarded with-the nominations, birth, country, education, character, piety, and all othbr qualifications are minutely set' forth in acisbrdance in' w list; of questions prepared fbr that purpose. His Holiness has, therefore, ^ had the fullest information in appointing a Successor to Cardinal 'Manning. » . Dr. Yanghan! will probably not take a pro minent part ' in-social -- and - political matters "as did'his predecessor, bat he is Undoubtedly a learned, ' pious, Mid zealous'prelate*. who will worthily .main tain thg high traditions of his exalted office. 