Advent Thoughts. BY GEORGE S. BISHOP, D.D. ;' Exchange. The mystery of Trinity lies in the Sonship — no Son, no Father: no Father-1 and no Son, no Holy Ghost. It is idle to speak of ' Distinctions ' ? in the Trinity as of three lone pillars of Persepolis — precisely similar, indistin guishable in their outlines and propor tions — so that arranged and re-arranged upon the desert sand, no one could say, '? 'This is the first, the second, or the third — this has an individual peculi arity.' There is no 'distinction' save an eternal distinction. 'The Father seint the Son;' he could not send what he - had not. The love of God in giving Christ, all turns on the transcendent truth that he was and is the only begotten Son of God j not because made ' of a woman, and not because made flesh, and not because declared so by the resurrection ; but, before all this, because of antemundane and interior relationship of wonderful divine exist ence to the Father ; incomprehensible indeed to us, for who can know the Godhead but the Godhead, but received by an adoring faith. ' Sonship is the bond of the divine ex istence — no Son, no Father. How can there be paternity without a son? But if God be not a Father the world is an orphan. Sonship makes Trinity. . There can be no family without members, and the Trinity is the great ante-typal . family — the pyramid which crowns existence, the triune monarch in which subordination rules without inferiority. The Father sends the Son, never the - Son the Father ; yet is the Son the equal, the apaugaoma of all the Father's glory. Christ is the image of the in visible God ; but, if of the invisible then, from eternity, was he himself invisible, the ' light' of God, for God is Light, and cannot be without a radiance, ' If any say,' says Athanasius, ' once the Son was not,' then does be say : ' Once 'Wisdom was not,'' and ' Word ?was not,' and ' Life was not.' In the Son, as in a mirror, Deity reduplicates itself, reflects itself, ? repeats itself, so that the whole joy of the Father is in the glory of the Son, and the whole joy of the Son is reciprocally in the glory of the Father, of which ineffable delights the Holy Ghost is both the medium and the participant — Oscuhim Patris et Filii. The Son of God, from all eternity a person, stepped down and forth at one tremendous point of time, disparting glory, and descended to our world. He came diminishing himself, shrinking his majesty, laying off his ermine. What that means all Heaven questions, Hell questions, earth questions. Angels crowd around to see the Son of God discrown himself. He leaves his throne. He steps upon the heavenly staircase, Down he comes, undressing all the way ! Demons shudder. Thought, below, stands stupefied with overwhelming wonder. Bethlehem's manger opens to receive him, big with uncreated glory. But is it fitting that Eternal God, most perfect, should assume the imper fect? ? that the higher should be linked to the lower, as if a seraph's head and pinions were set on an ass, or lovely woman's body were drawn out a reptile or a worm ? Is it fitting that He who exceeds the greatest should be coffined in the least, concealed within the float ing' germ of perishable infancy? Yes, it is fitting that the Invisible should be made visible, that glory should be focused in material form ; ' for,' says the Apostle, 'the invisible things of'\ him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made ;' and if by any things, then by that nature which, as it is expressly called God's 'image,' but is nOw: defaced, offers the most suited surface for a re- impression. ' The soul of origin divine, ? God's gloriouB image, freed from clay, In Heaven's eternal sphere shall shine, A star of day.' But why should God the Son assume this nature rather than any other nature ? One thing, because the human soul, as .Christ's soul, is capable of higher things than is the soul of any other creature — has a sharper intellect, a deeper power of feeling and a more prehensive will. Another thing : because angels are now as perfect as they can be, or, in the case of devils, are incapable of any perfec tion, whereas man is both remediable and for ever progressive. Another thing : human nature dying without Christ dies out; no part of it remains intact as in the case of angels — no part survives and God creates in vain, unless he turn the tables upon Satan and defeat him on his very field of victory, and in the very flesh which he has overcome and spoiled. Would Christ, the Lord of glory, have become incarnate were it not for sin ? Eternal Wisdom settles that question : 'The precious blood; of Christ, as of a Iamb, without blemish and without spot ; Who verily was fore-ordained before the foundation of the world — fore- ordained -as a Lamb ; as a Lamb with ' precious blood' — as a sacrifice then; as a 'Victim. With this declaration of the ?everlasting purpose corresponds his own : *' The Son of Man is come to save that which is lost.' He came to save sinners and destroy the works of the devil ; but if there be no sinners and no works to be destroyed, why should He comet As - St. Augustine says : ' Take away the disease— take away wounds — what need of a medicine 1' ' Ye know the grace of our. Lord ?Jesus Christ, that tho' He was rich, yet for our sakes He beoame poor 1' What -contrast ! What matchless disclosure of the inner adytum and secret disposition of God. ' Herein is love !' God is humility ; God, at the core, is compassion. We might before have hoped it — now we know it. God, my Saviour, has become a little babe — then I dare draw near Him and take Him in my arms. Who ever was afraid of a babe? God, my Saviour, has become a babe ; then. He is nearer to me than Adam, for Adam never was born, was never an infant, was never rocked in a cradle, never battled through the perils and pains and temptations of childhood. God, my Saviour, has become a man like me. What a comfort ! There is no comfort like that comfort. Christ knows who I am ; He knows what I am ; He knows my tears ; He knows my discourage ments ; He knows my sins ; for is He not omniscient, and, sinless, has He not borne them 1 Brother, sister, let us seek to get hold of the humanity of the Lord J esus Christ — by that lowest rung of the ladder shall we not climb to His Deity ? Let us fall down and clutch the fringe of the garment he wears as one of ourselves. Let us try to realise His touch on us as warm, as soft, as gentle, and as tender as that which fell on John in Patmos, with the sweet reassurance, ' Fear not.' Christ is one of us. Truly, He has come in the flesh — our own weak flesh, yet glowing, palpitating with an infinite sympathy. Christ is come in the flesh ; then we can trust Him. What greater proof of honesty and sincerity that He means us well could He give ? He has taken our nature upon Him, assumed it up, as a graft, in body and soul, into the vine of His eternal nature. This is no sham. It is no pretence of put off and put on. . He wants to be our Brother — our Brother born for adversity ; yea, ' One who sticketh closer than a brother,' and who, ' having loved His own, will love them to the end.' 