A ROVING COMMISSION. [By our Travelling Reporter.] VISIT TO TOWNSVILLE. If I were writing a directory description of Townsville I should say that it was a seaport about 880 miles north-west from Brisbane in 19deg. 15min. 30sec. S. latitude and 146deg. 49min. and 54sec. E. longitude ; is situated on the western shore of Cleveland Bay, on the banks of Ross Creek, county of Elphinstone. Townsville is badly placed on the slopes of Castle Hill, and is perhaps the principal city of North Queensland. It is a municipality, with property of a capital value of £1,500,000, and has a population of 12,000 souls. I am not writing a directory, however, and as I have previously written columns of descriptive matter regarding the presumptuous future capital of Northern Queensland a little frank gossip may not be amiss. A very interesting book could be written on the history and growth of Towns- ville, and it would have to record many re- verses and failures before it could be said that Townsville as a town was a matter of fact. One portion of the town is audaciously planted on the side of a huge volcanic hill which threatens to fall some day and smother the inhabitants, while the other is set down on the banks of a creek which periodically promises to rise and wash the whole concern out of existence. Life must be a precarious sort of thing in Townsville. From openings in the main street something like a view of the harbour with its shipping is available, while other streets run right up the mountain side at an almost precipitous angle. The town has a look of extraordinary scattered confusion, with here a house and there a house, and great breaks in between. The main street is irre- gularly and loosely built, and possesses one or two handsome brick buildings owned by bank- ing companies, but the great army of commis- sion agents hide themselves in dingy, dusty, yellow, old-time structures. Townsville is essentially the place of commission agents : they swarm in the principal thorough- fare and distribute themselves generously over every other part of the town. They pick the Hughenden wool and scrape the Charters Towers gold ; they clip and shear every incoming and outgoing product, wax fat, and cry out for separation ; they demand public expenditure on the port, and talk of Townsville as the hub of the North ; their power of acquisitiveness is marvellously well developed ; and when they do get separation the most of them will sell out-and clear out. Townsville is a non-productive town, it is after all only the neck of a bottle, through which the products of the West continuously pour, and it has an unpleasant knack of taking credit to itself for what is earned elsewhere. For instance, in three months Townsville's exports through the Customs amounted to £269,984, but of this £226,847 represented gold sent down from Charters Towers principally. I merely mention these things, and " though it be honest it is never good" to write too fully all you see and think. It was satisfactory to learn that there has been a steady increase in business in Towns- ville during the last few months. Nearly all the business men reported progress ; and one afternoon I strolled over and chatted to Mr. Burns, the managing partner of the Cleveland Foundry, who stated that there were many inquiries for work and that a more hopeful tone prevailed in all branches. Certainly the foundry was brisk enough-every fire was bright, every drill, chisel, and cutter was at work, every steam hammer was pounding away like an earthquake on stilts, every wheel was cheerily revolving. On the slip a boat was being overhauled, and there was an unusual air of activity and bustle around this industrial centre. A boom was also taking place in respect of meat works. On the banks of the Ross River, three miles from town, the huge buildings of the Queensland Meat Export Com- pany's work were fast approaching completion, while improvements and enlargements were also in progress at the Alligator Creek Meat Works and at those at Torrens Creek. Many of the "small fry" in trade also stated that the prospects for the future were most encouraging, and there was a hopefulness in business circles which showed that the black cloud of depression was passing over. I am bound to say that there were few visible signs of progress having taken place during the pre- ceding twelve months. The town looked if anything just a trifle dingier than it did in the winter of 1891, when I was there. The eastern and western breakwaters are now finished, it is true, and a portion of St. James's Cathedral has been erected, but the con- struction of the former was carried out by means of a Government grant, while the building of the latter came to an abrupt stop owing to want of funds. In the way of private enterprise nothing seems to have been done ; but during the next twelve months, now that the kanaka trouble has been settled, there is likely to be a sharp revival in the building trade. Several contracts have been entered into, I was informed, and the establishment of meat works in the neighbourhood of Townsville will naturally create a stimulus in other direc- tions. Although the breakwaters are completed it is made abundantly evident to the visitor that something more is necessary before vessels of large draught will be able to berth alongside of the wharves at the eastern breakwater. The basin must be dredged. At present the channel is very shallow and ridiculously narrow. On two occasions did I leave Townsville in a small launch with the laudable intention of going out to Cleveland Bay. On each occasion the launch went aground, and remained in that aggravating position for some hours. The mouth of Ross Creek also requires widening, and a good swinging basin ¡s a necessity somewhere near the Victoria Bridge. Above all Townsville requires a Harbour Trust, and until this is formed there is sure to be inconvenience and trouble in Townsville waters. The present harbour and breakwaters have been carried out at an immense cost, and there is no reason why they should not be made reproductive. While on harbour matters I should like to remark that Townsville has the largest and most ancient fleet of lighters in the civilised world. Some of them are marine curiosities-a cross between a decrepid ferry boat and a decayed log. Only the other day one of them not being able to hang on any longer quietly gave up the ghost, and went to Davy Jones's locker, taking with it, out of sheer cussedness, a choice lot of passengers' luggage. It was a sudden demise, and those unfortunate passen- gers who lost their little all said some hard things about that lighter in particular, and Townsville lighters in general. If there is a shipping inspeotor in the North it would be a kindly action if he occasionally overhauled the lighters at the various ports on the coast. The streets of Townsville are well kept and cleanly, and are a decided credit to the munici- pality. Indeed, when it is remembered that Townsville is only some twenty years old, it is wonderful what solid progress has been made. The people are intelligent, enterprising, and prosperous, and the town is possessed of all the conveniences of city life, while it is a centre of financial and industrial interests. It looks forward to the day when its ambitions will be realised, and when it will in every sense of the word be the capital of North Queensland. 