v A FRIENDLY SERVICE. From Ida Seymour to .Grace Russell. Villa Bellina, Nice, 1st June. /ftRACE, my dearest, dearest friend, I am W half wild. Toyou only can I reveal my sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow hasfallen en me. Listen ; You know that I have been staying here fo»- the pat week with mother, the doctors haying ordered her finnt.ti ad a -3 Btr'a mnfa/a ' t A/tnu tint £n<1 n my heart to '-ask my husband to accom pany us, just as the London Season had commenced; and it is impossible to fejoin him before the end of the month. Yesterday the English post brought me— guess what ! Ah anonymous letter, written in an unknown, and manifestly disguised hand, informing me that ray husband is earring on an intrigue with Mrs. St. George —that tall, stout woman with reddish hair, 4 and a deservedly bad reputation. Yen J must know her : one raeets her everywhere. , I am jealous, you well know, but I believe this 'person Jto be dangerous. - ISomehow, all toe : men admire her, hut 1 think her absolutely horrible. I am informed that ; she _ was vary -intimate with George before our marriage, and that now the intimacy is resumed. What to do l khow not, hut I feel persuaded that you , . will advise me wiselyand welL v You are so . clever. At this time all London is about, and one meets everyone. You are certain to seehimahd perhaps her also. Watch, observe, and tell ine what you ' see. My dearest Grace, remember your friend is tortured with cruel doubts, .. which she desires to dispel, that uncertainty Ib killing her, and that she prefers the truth at all cost, bitter though it may be. Reply at once— watch closely. Think of. me, dearest Grace; for you, my mother, and my . child are all I have -in the world to love. — Yours for ever, Ida. Grace Russell to Ida .Seymour. 1000, Half-Moon-streefc, Piccadilly. 4th June. You axe mad, my poor. friend, absolutely stark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be reasonable. You have received an anony- tnous letterfromsotne spiteful, jealous woman ; for such eqsties always come from women. An anonymousletter ! Whoever Siys the slightest attention to such a thing ?; urn it ! Burn it ! ; If you only knew how many Ireceivied in the iifetimeof Mr. Russell ; —but I never took the -least heed of them. Nevertheless they sometimes spoke the \- truth— but peace to his memory. ' As you have often observed, I am happily indepen dent and still young— only 32 a few nays ago. You are -by .five years my junior. Follow my. example— don't -worryyourself away with -trouble. .But, to Teburn to your letter-7-well, it would give me thegreatest satisfaction todeetrov it, and think no -more of it. '"L- You have a husband who loves you.-of this; Lhave no doubt. You are a happy woman ; to bead loved. Your husband .is. wealthy, and generous— you , have a lovely child:; in tact you possess eveiytbing-a wetuur- »nld desire. : But you are jealous. Do not leceive yourself. , Even admitting that there is some truth In the letter, is it not better that you should close your eyes to it 7 l ean see you jump off your chair as you read these words. My dear, I have had .more experience of the world than you. . Notwithstanding the fact that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I suffered in feeling that I was deceived- It wounded my amour propre. What ; can : we poor women dp in such a case,? 'Hold our tongues, that is all. Youi complain that Mrs. St. George is dangerous, and thafcher repu tation is faulty. Well, so much the bettor, for I am persuaded that your husband- is pure at heart, and if he have any stupid fancy for this woman, it is only-a passing one. . Now surely you see clearly there is no \- serious .cause for anxiety. As to myself, it is hardly necessary to assure you that there is nothing I would not do for you ; and if you insist, although ib is repugnant to me to play ihe part of a spy; I will do what yon wim. But you will not insist, I fed cer tain.— Your old and sensible friend, Grace. \ Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. " ( . Nice, 8th June. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with .me at once; and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I ; must be released from this state of unco:-, tainty. I must knew all. . I believed that I could have counted on you, as. you could on me in a similar circumstance. To me it appears that true friendship has no scruples, and never hesitates to render a service to a toivrd one. 1 But perhaps I am wrong; your reply will prove this. — With fondest love, , . Ida. From Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 12th June.. Your letter wounded me. deeply, Idai. You believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. But, since you persist, notwithstanding, all I have said to dissuade you, aud since you question my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You ccui count on me — I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears haveany foundation. Now we 'understand oneanother. . I thought of you only; and if anything disagreeable happens, you will have no light to reproach id:. Come what may, believe always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, Grace. P.S:— On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie receives. Your husband is pretty certain to boi there, and perhaps the lady also. I know she goes there frequently. I shall be there. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 15th June. Thanks — my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon me. I was, indeed, hasty and unjust ; but I was suffering horribly. You are so good— so affectionate— I am sure you Will forgive me. What I have gone through during the past few days ! Yes, yon are right ; I am jealous. For a long time past 1 believed myself safe from any violent sentiment ; and then, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. At this moment you must be about to start for Mrs. Leslie's as -you pre mised. Dear friend ! Now that you have consented to do what I wish, I feel almost.: \- ashamed of my request. But, .be assured, whatever comes, and no matter what ycu may communicate to me I shall not be angry with you. To do so would be nothing more or less than infamous. No; we chaff be faster friends than ever. Half -past ten. Now, you must be aft ' , Mrs. Leclie's, surely. I What will you dis cover ? Merciful powers, hov/ I tremble ! Thanks, again and again, my darling Grace. —Your true friend, Ida. Telegram. To Ida Setmour.— The person not at Leslie's last night. George alone. Spoke to him. Tried to get something from him. Impenetrable. Hope nothing true. Love. — Grace. Telegram. To Grace Russell.— Thanks for message. Jontinu? your observations. Send news by telegram. More rapid. Write only to give particulars. Fondest love.— Ida. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— Nothing new. To- day st private . view. Water-colours. Saw her. George not there. Going away to-morrow.— Grace. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— At Academy. Saw ' ' Jeorge, but not the person. — Grace. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— Garden party at Rich mond. Saw George and the person together. Letter follows. —Grace. Grace R-jssell to Ida Seymour. London, 17th June. Only two words to confirm . and .explain the telegram I sent you ten minutes ao. Yes, I have seen George aud Mrs, St. Qtgrgft together. Very handsome she looked, too, notwithstanding her 40 years. Your husband did not appear until rather Iate, and the moment he saw her he joined her..' He remained at her side until the party brokenp. I never lost sight of that bonnet with the yellow ostrich tips for a moment. I really believe there is nothing serious between them. At all events, were I in your place, this prolonged' conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything between two persons they do not speak much before others. I will continue my observa tions.— All my love,' and, believe me, ever yours, 1 . Grace. . Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 20th June. Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearest Grace. I do not believe the meeting at Richmond was accidental. George has always objected to accompany me to garden -parties— said they bored him j ineffably. Continue your mission courage- | ously, and. tell me all — even though it should break my heart, I must know all. Oh, that odious woman St. George ! How I hate her ! And my husband— well, if my Houbte are justified, I hall hate him also, and I will never, never pardon him. — I send you fondest love; Ida. Telegram. ; To Ida Seymour. — Met both at private view British Artiste. Have bad news. Don't be too anxious. Nothing positive, nothing really serious, only certain symptoms. Letter follows. — Grace. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 24th June. My poor darling Ida, I have just returned from the private view of British Artists. The exhibition is a remarkable one this year,. and I was lost in admiration of a lovely I study of a head, when your husband, accom panied by the. lady in question, passed in front of- me obstructing my view ; lie looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressedand wearing a yellow bonnet! How the woman adores yellow ! The moment your husband saw me he left her and came to speak to me. He was most gracious, and not in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of toe scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next he would tell yon he had seen me. It was ; comical, and I could have laughed had I not : thought of your present state of anxiety. ' Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter- : ested in the pictures.' Two or three times, however, she glanced 'furtively at me. George said good-bye, and off they went .together. i I seated myself, and watched them m they passed round toe room ; hut at' length, fearing I might arouse suspicion, I thought it prudent to go, but wished above all things to ' see their parting. 'There is so much in toe way people, greet one another arid s&y; farewell, especially the latter. I left the place, and turned into a : hall door in Suffolk-street, next . to the Gallery. Right in. front of ..me stood a brougham, which; from .the somewhat untidy appear ance of : the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I liad not long- to watt: Tbey both came out, your husband accompanying toe lady to her carriage. The footman; opened the "door, closed it, and -moved away. -> : Op to this point, you see, there was noth ing- to find fault with. But whilst the foob- manwerit behind the carriage to get to his place on toe box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : "To-morrow night — Lyceum— Box A." At the same instant the coachman whipped up the horses and drove away. Your husband looked after it for a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of Piccadilly; and I drove to my dressmaker in Bond -street. , -Hero, my. darling Ida, is what happened. I assure you it grieves me intensely to tell yqu all this, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical moment; you. still have time to reflect. Will you stop here, or do you wish me to go to toe Lyceum on Thursday? Reply by telegram , as soon as. you receive this, arid I will obey.— With fond love, ever your devoted Grace. Telegram. To Grace Russell.— Go to Lyceum. If youdo not, I will never forgive you. — Ida. . Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. ' London, 26th June, 3 o'clock a.m. J Courage, Ida dearest ; I am obliged to do . that which is cruel. . 1'wasAt the Lyceum to-night, as you wished,; in the back , of a box taring Box A. I arrived as the curtain rose; and just as the ghost of'Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. She seated herself at the front, shading- herself with an- enormous tan. He seated himself behind her. There was rio one else in the box. The play over they rose to -go. I lostthem In the crowd, of course ; but I was not to be beaten, so I popped into a hansom and drove to her house,, just to see .if he would accompany her home. To my great relief she was alone ; and I was just about to give orders to the. driver to take me home, when another hansom stopped at her door, and from it .George emerged, and entered that fatal house. .Hoping he woold come out every moment, I remained on the. watch until two this 'morning ; but when I left he was still there. Now, I have .'accomplished the mission which you entrusted to me faithfully. It "has turned out badly, but I do not complain if Lhave given you a new proof of the deep affection I have for you. ' Grace, Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 30th June. Thanks, my dearest ; oh, thanks! .You have indeed proved your friendship, L will never forgive him — a man whom I adored— whom I married in opposition to toe wishes of all my relations ; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch f . I telegraphed to him to come to Nice instantly, without saying why. When he arrives I will tell him all (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my reproaches in his face. Whatever may be his reply, I have decided ori my course. ; There can never again be anything in common between this man and me. If the law he insufficient to protect me, I know how to separate myself for ever from such an . hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I never can be sufficiently grateful You are the best, the most noble of women. Weep for mc, and love me as I love you. Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, not a line from you. I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband left suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. " Sum moned by a telegram," they said. Yours of course. How did the painful scene end? What is your derision ? How are you ? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind. — With most affec tionate wishes, always your Grace. ' Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, IStk August. My Dear Grace, — Your letter crossed one from me — that is to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things that 1 really have not had time to write sooner. . Thank you for your solicitude fcr me and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles have -disappeared. Does this amaze you ? Strange things happen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which often seem serious, are frequently unfounded. To adopt your pleasing expression, the "scene" between George and me took place immediately on his arrival, but it finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, that there was nothing, absolutely nothing between him and Mrs. St. George. He cer tainly had an appointment with her at the British Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, butat the latter place ' there teas a third person in the box. You djd not see that. He also went to her house S after the theatre, but he did net stay as long ! as you imagined, I or half an hour after ! you saw him enter, he left by the aoor leading from the billiard-room out of the hack of the house. Why these repeated appointments, you will ask ? The reason is simple. It was a projected marriage between an acquaintance of my husband and Mrs. St. George. Some hitch concern ing settlements had occurred, and Mrs. St George wished to have the advice of an old friend. By-the-by,-she is not at all as bad as she is reported to be by scandalmongers, and no. intimacy ever existed in the -past between her and George, as I stupidly j believed. George was induced to act as intermediary between the lawyers, and to look to Mrs. St. George's iuterests, and he' made an appointment with ' her that night at the Lyceum as she wished liim to speak to a third person, and to announce to him the tact that the match j was broken off. Of course this was no fault ,of bis. All this explains itself, and the terrible ; "scene" finished it» the best possible way. \ George scolded me a little for my insensate suspicions, but has pardoned me so i generously, so tenderly, that all my former 1 contented state of mind is restored. j As to the anonymous letter, he believes ! that it was written by a discharged servant of Mrs, St: George. Now permit .me to speak frankly concern- : ing your action in this matter. You should not have allowed me to go so far in this s ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you tried to prevent me; I admit this, but did you do so with a necessary force of persuasion? In short, did you not feel a certain pleasure— perhaps unconsciously— to see a cloud pass over j our felicity, of which you were always a little jealous. But I hear, you no ill- feeling, i You wefe unhappy in your own marriage, ' and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been the true friend I believed you to Be; you would have overcome, this j unworthy feeling, arid, at any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating Eart which 1, when almost out of my senses, egged of you to accept. Yes, you should have refused; that is what a true friend would have done, and you did not do it. It appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of the romantic you desired to find tljem guilty. . I must stop, for I might say too milch if I continued. Ida. Extract Jrom ihe Private Journal of Grace Russell. To day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever ; and I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old Italian proverb, " Fra moglie e mar i to mm nvtterc it dilo. Extract from the Private Journal of Ida Seymour. Has George told trie toe truth concerning the. projected marriage of a-- certain lady? Be that as it may, I did right to believe it. YVell,"when bb is bv my side, speaking to me with that soft', rich voice of his, looking 'at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all my anger dies, and lam all his. As to Grace — I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, I wrote -her such a letter! It was. her own fault ; she should never have believed that George, was unfaithful to m e. — Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. .1 hold it to be a truth constantly self; evident that every man will defend a woman against all men but himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly, there will be a large amount of open and covert staring at her, to all of which her obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of the etarers happens to realise that others " are at the same game, he will- manifest plainly. his 'disgust- at such treat ment of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offence. A husband and wife got into a street car. The mac was some what dandified in dress. The woman was under 20, and as pretty as nature and art are in the habit of combining to produce, i They were chatting on toe very subject that j I have hero introduced. " Percival, dear," said she, " I will prove j to you that I am right, and take only ten minutes to do it,- if you'll promise not to get . angry about it." He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband sitting beside her was an entire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. "Now," she whispered behind her tan, " observe how I am ogled when alone." Within five minutes he saw that half-a- dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age ' to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and several manifestly rwould not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then and there. That part of the exhibition was a triumph for the wife, but the most curious feature of her experiment remained to be tried. " You certainly do seem to attract a good deal of admiration," said the husband, sup posing that the pretended strangeness was aft an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as. though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned her face away from "him. He understood her now, and did not speak to her further. Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her dreadfully, aud scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo site side. " Will you exchange seats with me ?" be very gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat most deferentially. Now, he had been formost among toe original oglers — the veriest simpleton of them all. " Thank you, sir," she answered, " but I prefer to sit b,eside my husband." Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird and the dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct as to the philosophy of male gallantry. All gone. He talked ahout divinity, and pondered on infinity, And spoke of base humanity as anirnalculas, He studied up astronomy, the science of autonomy, And Wondered if insanity was common to the flea. He plunged into zootomy and wandered through phlebotomy, And read for week sou history from Adam down to date. He lectured on theogony, and dwelt upon cosmogony, And sounded deep the mystery attending human fate. He showed extreme anxiety for late and early piety. And spoke with great felicity of higher states than this. He lectured quite dramatically to show how systematically The force of electricity was centred in a kiss. But while with such intensity he spouted on immensity. His wife with sweet devexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkeyed his annuity, He'd found to his perplexity she' dressed away his cash. " The man I wed must be handsome, brave and noble ; he must have no bad habits, and must love me devotedly." "But, my dear, that is impossible, you know, quite impossible." . " Why?" " There is only one such man in all the i wide world, and he is going to marry me." 