PASSING NOTES. Bv Fausttne. No one believes more firmly than I do In bringing up a girl man-fashion. Intel lectually as woll as physically she should receive the same training as the other sex, and be brought face to face with the same life problems. The laws of health, the organs and functions of her own body, existing social evils, with their causes and con- sequences, all these she should bo encouraged to study intelligently and freely. ? But a certain discrimination as to Urn methods of showing her the shady side of life is at least desirable. The mother who would allow her young daughter to sit day after day iu a police court during tho trial of a notorious criminal, whose nuirders appear to have been 011 tho same plentiful scale as his gross amours, is not worthy of the name. And yet, as a rule, this is just the kind of woman who will blush through her rouge, or pretend to, before a classic study from the nuclc ; and shriek with affected horror if you propose that Alary Jane should take a course of lessons in anatomy- It appears to bo difficult when authority is backed up by long years of precedent to strike that golden mean between a proper regard for social order and an unwarrantable interference with the rights of the individual There is no shadow of proof tljat Miss Daisy Hopkins, who lias just lost her casein the action for false imprisonment she brought against a pro-proctor of Cambridgo Univer sity, was doing anything more immoral when she was arrested than loitering about in the street with an undergraduate whom she hud met accidentally. Sho smoked, she used slang, and she was some times seen in the Cambridge streets at night. That was all that could be alleged against her. And so on tho strength of an aecusa- tiou that might apply to many young girls of 17 who are aLlowod to pass as irreproachable, Miss Daisy Hopkins, under a musty old statute made in the days of Queen Elizabeth, was imprisoned in the Spinning House for 14 days as a dangerous corrupter of innocent male youth. "You hud this girl arrested simply on suspicion then ? " asked the presi ding judge of the Rev. Frederick William YVttllis, the pro-proctor, who was responsible for the prosecution, "and because another girl had said something to you?" "Yes," confessed that gentleman, "and because my men gave me some information," the " infor mation " amounting to tho fact that the accused had been seen " nudging and talking to undergraduates." One can hardly wonder that Air. Murphy got rather hot over the defence, and said that "not the Star Chamber nor the terror of the Inquisition was so powerful as this 19t;h century horror, the 1 Cambridge Spinning House,' and called upon all lovers of justice to aid in protecting the women of Cambridge (since no single one of them was safe) from the power of this secret tribunal." " Miss Daisy Hopkins will," says a leader in a London daily, "one day have her place in the text- books us the cause, however little, of a great event — the abolition of these antiquated jurisdictions," which must be such an unspeakable comfort to a girl of 17 who has been imprisoued on a mere suspicion. The appointment of Mrs. Sidgwick to the position of principal of Newnham College so ably filled until her death by Aliss Clough' seems to have given universal'satisfaction. Mrs. Sidgwick, who, according to por traits, is tall and slender, with liair smoothly parted and drawn back from a fine, delicate face, is the wife of Professor Henry Sidg wick, who occupies the clmir of Moral Philo sophy at Cambridge, niece to the Alurquis of Salisbury and sister to Mr. Balfour, the pre sent leader of the House of Commons. Curiously enough, Miss Helen Gladstone, Mr. Gladstone's daughter, is one of her co workers at Newnham, as well as Alias Caro line Stephens, the daughter of Sir James Stephens and Miss Jane Lee, whose father now holds the position of Provost of Trinity College. Miss B. Clough, the poet's daughter, will still continue to act as secretary. Airs. Sidgwick has been for a long time treasurer of the college, so is already well kuown, and. I may add, thoroughly liked and respected there. What oceans of written and spoken talk — futile, abusive, laudatory, evilly suggestive — we have had over Ibsen's plays. The first shriek of horror was universal. His own country treated him badly ; the London critics had to search the dictionary, or pay a visit to Whitechapel to find words bad enough for him and his methods, and the few secret admirers who recognised the pro phetic spirit in the man were awed into a cowardly silence by what he himself calls the " damned, compact, majority." But he held 011, believing, like his own Dr. Stc-ekmar, in "tho enemy of the people," that, in the end, "the strongest man in the world is lie who stands alone." lie lias his admirers now ; lie is interviewed and courted and asked out to dinner by litterateurs, and invited by ladies who want a new lion for their drawing- rooms — all of which attentions he appears to value at their worth. Even Ids own part 01 the world has "taken liiui up" lately, according to a Scandinavian correspondent to the London papers. " Peer Gynt" was produced at the Christiana theatre not long ago, after an interval of 15 years. This time, however, there was an immense audience, who cheered to the eclio and clamored for the author, who was present but who refused to appear before the curtain. He will not sot foot, he says, 011 the boards of the " National Theatre" of Norway until it includes " Ghosts" ill its; repertoire, a play that has hitherto been left out in the cold. One is glad to see that for once in a way a man who has the eouruge of his opinions is in a posi tion to refuse "patronage." I must not forget to mention one interesting fact, viz., that the " Peer Gynt" 011 this occasion was Bjorn Bjurnsen, tho son of Bjdrnstcrne Bjornsen, the novelist, uud that the hero was a dramatic success. ' Tho German Emperor is certainly a won derful being. In the midst of the turmoil of politics, and his many self- imposed duties, which are mostly included in the great one of teaching the people that the prosperity of a nation depends 011 the Divine right of its king to put his autocratic finger into every body's pie, be announces his intention of coining to England during the season to enter his yacht, " The Meteor," for the racing at Cowcs. He says he wishes bis visit to be quite quiet and unofficial ; he will graciously dispense with the flowers and banners, and red carpets and loyal shouts just this once, which is kind of him, uud must be a considerable relief to his relative., who did enough waiting on him last time, I should think, to cover five years at least. One can't help admiring his energy, never theless. If only it did not outrun his dis cretion so often, he might still be, as an earlier Wilhclm was, the loved and honored head of a loyal people. "Ought wives to open their husband's letters?' iho hulies of Laermarthen have been sitting 111 solemn conclave to debate this thrilling question, and as a result of their deliberations, the hat bus gone forth 111 those parts that, not only hat; a wife a right to open lier husband s letters, bat she is perfectly justified in making strict inquiries into all Ins business transactions as well. An inno cent maiden who got up d urine the discussion and said that lor her part she didn t believe in openuig anybody s letters, not even a hus band's, and thought it inquisitive and un womanly, was instantly sat upon 111 a most summary manner bv the milled matrons, who told her "just wait another 10 years and see: which vague prophecy of evil seemed so to frighten the vouthful champion of masculine independence that she collapsed. A strong-minded lady then arose in her might and smote the arch-traitor man hip and ! thigh, until a look of stern resolution grew j on every face, and with one accord toe ' married martyrs rose and sallied forth to meet the postman. I haven t heard what the Cacrmarthcn husbands said to this little in vou | on the part of their Bpoti.sc : hut I hop;? they j have gone out on strike. " \\\ omen s rights j are all very well as long as they don t become "mens wrongs. Fair plav for botli ; dear, rebellious matrons of Laermarthen. I have been trying to make up my mind whether I like the new London and Pans jackets. Perfectly waistless and straight, with a large, loose-looking Wattcau pleat, or several smaller ones. 111 the centre of the back, thoy are rather suggestive of a dress ing- jacket or teagown. except that being of stiller materials— tweed or cloth mostly — they hang, annorliko. without a fold or crease for the whole of their three-quarter , length. There is one great advantage, they : do away absolutely with any necessity for tho 1 corset, and with a prettily-shaped skirt : would look just as well over a loose jersey as j anything else, except on a very stout wearer. Triple coachmen' capes arc still 111 fashion, | uud for spring dresses shot silks, with nar- I row stripes or faintly-tinted chines, seem to ! be favorites. Sunshades and umbrchas are i prettily finished. Lor instance, a grey and white shot-silk umbrella is mounted on gold | nbs, tipped with grey pearls, or a black and I junk shot silk may have the platinum or gold ribs tipped with pun: coral. Jet orna ments or twisted cold, worked into quaint nobs, .sometime.! take the place ot pearls, coral or beads, as a finish to the ribs, and are very etlcetive. As regards millinery, de cidedly hats are bonnets and bonnets hats, the latter being mostly large, high in the crown, or trimmed to appear so, and tied under the chins : the former a mere llitusy pretence 111 gauze, feather and ornaments, about the size of u big butterfly—just a head 1 decoration, in fact. A pretty child's coat, sent out by a leading London house a short time ago, was of white erdpon, with box \ pleats back and front and a yoke of eoatso white lace. The sash of wide white satin ribbon round the hips was tied at tho side in a bow, and the blouso. sleeves were finished by culls of lacc and tied , with white satin hows. On the whole there .. are no very pronounced changes in dress this season, with the exception of tho before- - mentioned jackets, which are certainly \ novel. , 4 Speaking of fashion, I hope there is 110 \ truth in the old-world assertion that tho members of a class of Christian enthusiasts are emulating the asceticism of certain ancient saints, who, if history speaks truly, were decided enemies to the washtub and looked with lofty disdain on the use of the < brush and comb. St. Anthony may have been a very high-minded gentleman, but the fact that i'or 50 years he hadn't washed his feet hardly raises nineteenth century enthu siasm to the pitch of idolatry. Neither do wo yearn for the acquaintance of the holy hermit .. . v who had never seen himself naked, nor regard: ' ' with feelings of unmixed envy the sensations ; of the community of nuns who for years kept their vow to avoid water, and 'called personal cleanliness a snare of the devil. The curate with an unclean collar and a neck in shadow, who is hold up by that magazine fiend as a type of the new cult — the cult that, unlike the sweet infant in the picture, will be perfectly happy whether lie " gets it" or not— isn't an Australian product anyhow. We antipodean have some advantages after all. I wonder, by the way, how many colonists who stretch out longing hands to the Eng land of their childhood, and return thither still under the fond impression that it is the world's centre of life, light and culture echo the words that reached me only this week from one who, a year or two ago, was yearning for the old scenes so passionately as to be almost unfair to the new. " People havn't changed much," says tho writer, " everything is the same, and everybody just us nice as ever, but, oh dear, I couldn't settle down here now ! I shall be here through the season, when it may be a little wanner, but just now the cold is awful, and 1' am beginning to long for the sunshine. Life doesn't seem so much wider on this side of the world, either. After all human nature is the same everywhere," which is such a good old truth that comments are superfluous. 1 "Lord Carrington has granted to the laborers of Spalding," runs the Daily GrajJic , "35a. of land for allotments at a rental of £1 13s to £2 .23 an acre. The land was principally allotted in acres, and tho iner were given possession 011 Saturday." 