Sporting Gossip. [B? Thb Vaora.nt.3 Orándola, Dungog.-Grandola ia hy Grand Flaneur from Gondola (imp.), by Paul Jones (by Buccaneer) from Matchless, by Stockwell from Nonpareil, by Kingston from England's Beauty, by Birdcatcber. Grand Flaneur is by Yattendon from First Lady (imp), by St. Albans from Lady Patroness, by Orlando. Gondola is closely related to Kingston. Gran dola's performances would occupy too much space ; get them from Mr. Lillyman. Northern sportsmen who enjoy a hit of well-con- ducted racing are not likely to forget that the Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club holds one of its popular reunions this afternoon on the Wallsend course, which should be in beautiful order if the rain holds off-a contingency that ap- pears very doubtful as I spill ink. In fact of late Northern racing institutions have been very unfor- tunate in their weather conditions, and nothing spoils sport so much as a dark and dismal day and a weeping and leaking sky. However, the best must be hoped for, and with the going sound there should be some very close finishes. The Flying Handicap has attracted a dozen entrieB, but it is almost certain that Bridgment will bo an absentee, as the scene of his future labours will be Sydney. If it is intended to take Baroona to Tamworth, it is unlikely that he will be a starter at Wallsend ; and, with fair luck, Boscoe, Dago, and Patrician bid fair to occupy the places. The Selling Handicap Iooks a very good thing for either Odd Stockings or Galway; but the eleven in the big event of the day are not so easily sorted out. However, I prefer the chance of Cape Pigeon to that of anything else, and the son of Albatross may have most trouble with Glendarra and Decimal. Of the baker's dozen in the Welter Handicap, I have a leaning towards Gold Dust and Odd Stockings, who is really a wonderful old warrior-although, of course, any- thing but a great horse in decent company. The field for the Farewell Handicap is likely to be a small one. If well, I fancy Millie will win. [Since writing the above a telegram has come intimating that the meeting has been postponed until the 16th instant.] There must be something in the American air which plays sad havoc with the modesty of the average Australian pugilist, for no sooner doth one of the fraternity win a battle than his head if not his heart becomes inflated to an, enormous extent and he at once sets himself down as a world heater. The atmosphere did not have that effect on Jackson it is true, but then Feter.the Great is more than an average Australian pugilist. However Joe Goddard appears to have caught the fever, if we are to judge by letters which he has lately written to friends in Sydney. When in the colonies Goddard was regarded as a somewhat rough but genuine and unassuming fellow, but so -soon as he had beaten that useless lump of humanity Joe M'Auliffe our own Joe proceeds to tell what he would do with Jackson if ever he met him in the squared circle, and exhibits the most ardent desire to have a cat at Slavin. When asked io Melbourne if he would meet Slavin, Goddard positively deelined, and al- though he certainly held his own with Jackson in an eight rounds scramble, it has come to be pretty well understood and acknowledged that if the dusky one had paid a little more attention to exercise and less to banquets and booze the Barrier man would have been defeated. However there is a chance now for Goddard to prove that he can <ïo what he intimated he would-make Jackson white -for the pair are to meet in a twenty rounds gc in 'Frisco shortly for a purse of 10,000 dollars. Goddard is undoubtedly a hardy, brave man, but if Jackson takes the trouble to get fit it is long odds on him cutting Goddard's anything bun hand- some visage into ribbons. By the death of Acolyte a fe w days ago at Breeza, Mr. J. B. Clift sustained a severe financial loss, for .1 am told the handsome little brown was getting ? some very nice stock from the Breeza mares. A few years ago Acolyte was a very fair racehorse with great staying power, among his victories being the Metropolitan Stakes of 1885, whilst in 1887 the son of Newminster and Nightingale finished a good second to Cardigan. In order to replace Acolyte, Mr. Clift has purchased Betört, and the well performed son of Wellington and Beeult will begin his stud duties at once at Breeza, where his Panic blood should be an acquisition. I have to acknowledge the receipt of the second .edition of Centaur's Index, one of the most handy publications offered to sportsmen. The little book contains the full performances of the Caulfield and Melbourne Cup candidates, winners of past events, the weight-for-age scale, records, etc. If the Index was a little more correct in its time reoords it would be invaluable. The death is recorded of the stud mare Queen of the Anglers,-dam of Clonard. Mr. John Mayo has disposed of the well-bred horse Master Grand to Mr. Hart, who is gradually but surely getting around him the nucleus of a small but choice stud at his farm at Larbert. Here Mr. HaH has old Black Swan, The Buby, and about half a dozen other aristocratic dames, and here I suppose Master Grand, who is a fine-looking son of Grand- master and Black Swan, by Yattendon from Maid of the Lake, will be reserved for stud duties. Doubtless some of my readers will remember that for Dunlop's Melbourne Cup a horse called Silver Prince, who was brought over from New Zea- land by "Beady Money" Bobinson, wbb heavily backed. Silver Prince, who is by Anteros, ran weil for the greater part of the journey, but failed at the end and finished out of a place ; but this did not prevent his sale for 2000 guineas shortly after- wards to the Hon. W. Pearson, who had the chest- nut gelded. Silver Prince, who is a terrible savage, and must be ridden with a muzzle, is again in work at Flemington. The Victorian jockey Gardiner íb to leave for America in a few days to fulfil a twelve months' riding engagement there. Big aB is Mr. W. E. Wilson's racing string and breeding station, he will not have a representative battling for the V.B.C. Derby this season, his only nomination, Willyama (a son of Trenton), having boen turned out for a spell a few days ago. It seldom falls to a man's lot to possess more than one or two colts as good as Strathmore and Zalinski. It was intended to add the good-looking but dis- appointing Grandola to the list during the week, but I learn that Mr. Lillyinan has disposed of the son of Grand Flaneur and Gondola to a Dungog purchaser for stud duties. I I do not know how it is or why it is, but my opinions as to the relative merits of racehorses never, seem to coinoide with those of Mr. Barnard, who arranges the weights for the Tamworth Jockey, Club. So far, I think our little differences and dis-j eussions have served to prove us both1 right and both wrong, but, undeterred by that, I am again' going to disagree with him as to the treatment of some of the horses I am acquainted with, for as usual there are several I do not know, or at least have never aeon. At the outset I do not think J that Grandola should hava been at' the head of the list in the Park Stakes, for in this district the 1 white-faced fellow has been anything but a succeBB, i and has only ian one or two fair races. If Splen- ' daua and Grandola were to run a match over six furlongs at even weights I am certain that the people who saw the filly perform in Newcastle would lay odds on tho daughter of Splendor. Look- ing down the list it strikes me that Ideal is bound to play a prominent part, for the son of Idalium was only beaten by Boscoe at Singleton, when not nearly well, by the veriest fluke, and he possesses a deal of pace, although so far he has failed to distin- guish himself. Eexo and Beno are said to be good sorts, whilst a season or so ago great things were expected of Jeweller, then known as Limerick. The reunion is on Wednesday and Thursday next, and if Splendalia, Ideal, and Jeweller are fit and well they should be capable of getting a place or two in the first race. In the Publicans' Purse Milotos has come in for rather more than his fair share when compared with Barnaby Budge, for at Wallsend the latter conceded the little son of Navigator 121b and beat him comparatively easily, and he only receives 21b. for his defeat. Then again it is no certainty that Barnaby Budge is superior to Morpeth or Mentor, and unless Jeweller is better than his place in the list indicates, one of these two is likely to win, providing that Baroona does not show out in the same style as he exhibited a couple of seasons back. The man who selects the winner of the Free Handicap will have a lot of luck to help him, but Auctioneer and a few others have come in for harsh treatment, and could have not the ghost of a chance with old Whitefoot, if the son of Koreelah has got over his recent accident, Then again he would have no earthly show with Gold master if the latter gentleman be as well as I have ?seen him. However, putting on one side the possibilities and probabilities of good sport, the Tamworth meeting is full of interest to Northern racing men, for on Friday will be held the first conven- tion for the formation of the proposed Northern District Racing Association, with the objects of which everyone has so far agreed, and for the ulti- mate success of which nothing but the profoundest hopes are evinced. Bepresentatives will be present from all the principal provincial clubs, with the exception perhaps of the Newcastle body, which has apparently ignored the preliminary steps, and this action is likely to do the city club more harm than good. I look upon it as pretty certain that an Association will be formed on a substantial basis, and that it will do much good in the direction of distributing dates and regulating the sport in the Northern distriol;, but doubtleBS many innovations will be mooted that will never find favour with the majority of the interested visitors. For instance, there will assuredly be some difference of opinion as to the advisableness of appointing a general starter and handicapper, for it is probable some clubs will desire to retain a free hand as regards those important offices. A few days ago a well-known racing man put forth what to me Beemed a very sensible suggestion: that was that the positions of starter and handicapper should be combined, and it was argued in favour of the proposal that a starter whose reputation rested equally with the dismissal and the finish would do his best to have both as near perfection au possible, and thus many of tboae scrambling starts, the result oft times of carelessness and indifference, would be done away with. Then is it not possible taking it for granted that the Association is formed-that a large general reunion could be held annually or half-yearly in some important movable centres of racing in the north? The clubs which are members of the Association could combine, put so muoh each in a general fund, and divide the profits (if any) pro rata with their deposits. There should be little difficulty in arranging a programme worth ¿!600 or ¿8800 for a two days' meeting, the important prizes would give eclcXt and importance to the Asso- ciation, large fields would be the outcome, Sydney horses would surely be attracted, with their attend- ant train of pencillers and followers, and I am confident the result would be success to all who took part in the undertaking. This scheme may be too premature for the Association in its present embryo state, but I would counsel representatives at the conference not to lose sight of it. The sculling handicap on the Parramatta Biver has been productive of much sensationalism, beginning with the dispute between Sullivan and Kemp and ending with the beating of all previous recordé of the river by Chris. Neilson, the plnoky little Dane having sculled the distance in 17 min. 464 sees., which is no lees than 55 sees, faster than the previous beßt. The result of the disagreement over the Sullivan-Kemp heat has been a challenge from the former to row the ex-champion for £200 a-side, but Kemp has evidently had enough of match-making and remains silent. Then again Lambert, who lost his heat with Creese simply by flashness, íb said to be prepared to arrange a contest with any man in the handicap bar Stanbury, and he is not so averse to meeting the champion, either, if the latter would consent to pull on the Nepean. Frantic, the horse who recently landed the treble so handily at Bandwick, was at one time used as a shearer's hack, but his pace being accidentally dis- covered he was trained and won several races in the Wagga district before being tried in Sydney. His career and that of Eaglet, the V.B C. Grand National winner of a couple of years baok, are almost identical in oharacter. The intelligence that Charley Mitchell and Corbett are to be matched for £5000 does not come to me as a surprise, for certain it is that the last named will fight everybody and anybody before he tackles Jackson, but, try as he will, I doubt if he will be able to stave off the evil day. On the other hand, Mitchell is a shrewd fellow, who goes about with his eyes open to the widest extent, and the story of his intention to meet Corbett will servo to bring the public flocking in big numbers to his shows. The men are not yet matched, and I do not think they ever will be. From Gunnedah I learn that Messrs. J. and W. Pritchard's mare Lauristiua has dropped a fine filly foal to Acolyte, and the mare will now be mated with Glencoe. The latter was always a great favourite of mine, and as he is grandly bred on both sides the son of Goldsbrough and Ellermine I should prove one of tha most useful horses in the Gunnedah district. Punters mnst be either a highly suspicious class or very obtuse, but in any case their conduct re- garding Autonomy is not very assuring as to their sanity. In the two races which the son of Chester and Aveline ran at Randwick he was virtually dis- graced, although it is argued in his defence that he was not so well as he required to be to run a couple of severe races. In the face of the coifs indifferent showing he has once more been made favourite for the V. B. C. Derby, 5 to 1 being taken readily, whilst Ta, 8's, and 9's can be obtained about Meli, Camoola, and Candour, all three of which should beat him. Autonomy may win the Derby, but if he wins I'll lose. The Cassilis Jockey Club will hold a race meeting on Boxing Day. From Newcastle I learn that Green and Sinnott have been matched to fight to a finish, and that the former and Lynch are likely to come to terms' Green laying £15 to £10, and binding himself down to weigh 11st 101b. Sinnott on a couple of oc- casions fought Tom Williams, the Victorian boxer, now in England. It has become customary when writing or speak- ing about Paris to describe him as a "little" horse, so that people will doubtless be surprised to learn on the authority of the trainer, Monaghan, that the son of Grandmaster stands 15.3, a trifle higher than old Commotion was. Reports from Flemington say that the local horse Althotas, who is now at work there, is showing symptoms of soreness, and will pro- bably have to be eased in his preparation. I hope all goes well with the bay, and it may be that he is a little stiff after the journey, lint in any case he is a bad worker. Two other equines of our acquaint- ance that are over the border are Althotas' stable companion Bertha and the Newcastle representative Alexander. The latter, who is said to be very light, is not at all badly treated in the Caulfield Cup. The racehorse Michigan, by The Drummer from Corisande-and thus own brother to Chicago lately in Tom Brown's stable, will in future be trained by EouBe with old Vespasia at Newcastle. During the English racing season np to tlie middle of August the produce of St. Simon won no less than ¿£33,000; then came Wisdom with .£13,500 ¡ Bend Or, ¿13,386} Ormonde, ¿11,527 ; and Saraland, ¿10,562. Look upon this picture and upon that ! In pre- paration for a race meeting in 1864 upon the Park (then known as Nicholson's course) sixteen I nblicauB' booths, a couple of cake stalls, the grand stand and saddling yards with the entrance gates were sold by auction for ¿317 2s 6d. In addition eight -additional refreshment stalls and two booths were held over, so that things promised to be brisk, although the collection of booths, etc., was not nearly so large as in previous years. If the club could now manage to sell the whole of its privileges at considerably less than ¿100, its secretary and treasurer would imagine they had been placed in charge of a branch of the Bank of England. From the compiler I hare received a second edition copy of the handy volume issued by Mr. Humphery Oxenham, and containing the places and performances of Melbourne and Caulfield Cup horses in a very complete form, records, weights» etc., and the whole forms a very useful sporting man's companion. Backers received a regular facer last week by the withdrawal of Impulse from the Caulfield Cup, and the eon of St. Leger has been sent home. From the day the horse arrived in Australia some months back to the day when his scratching dis- pelled all hope, Impulse was regarded as a rod in ! pickle, and the peculiar and lengthened prepara- tion to which he was treated gave colour to the belief. He was backed for a good deal of money both in doubles and straight out. But I am pretty sure this will not be the last shock backers will get over the Caulfield Cup. Impulse wbb accompanied by The Workman back to New Zealand. It is unfortunate indeed for those who like a bit of sport of all classes that the footrace between Weekley and Schumaker and the Wallsend meeting should clash, but as Schumacher's time is limited the collision could not well be prevented, and themen will measure strides to-day, wet or dry, rain or hail. A great deal of interest haB been excited locally over the contest, but so far I have not heard of a single wager changing hands over it, but this of course íb not strange when Schumacker's condition, etc., is not thoroughly known. I will be surprised, though, if a good .deal of money is not put up this afternoon. Although Weekley has not been for- tunate enough ever to land a big handicap he has run consistently in Sydney and country events, and has come to be looked upon as a strong, game stayer whose pace is hardly so good as it was in years past. He has been training assiduously for this race during the past few weeks and will go to the mark in fine condition. Schumacker is some- what of a hidden quantity: he is a resident of Blandford, and has run about the district for some time. Occasionally he ran brilliantly and has won several handicaps, but at other times-such as in his recent match with Doohan-he cut up a duffer. Those who protend to know his form say that fit and well he can run quarter second over, and if he does Weekley will be beaten for a certainty. For my own part J can offer no judgment, so my readers can pay their money and take their choice when the men set on the mark at five o'clock this afternoon. The sculling handicap will be conclnded on the Parramatta Biver this afternoon, when Nielsen and Crease will row for first and second prizes. Judging by the form exhibited by the Dane he should win, but the Newcastle man will certainly make him do his best. From Flemington comes word that Grandmaster's son Swordbearer, of whom good things were expec- ted this season, has gone wrong. It is a hard matter to keep going with the talent. On Thursday in Sydney a man named Herbert Peters was fined 40s and costs in the following circumstances. Peters was at the Driving Park races on Wednesday and had backed Childe Harold for the trot. In the last round Burlington B. waB leading when the ingenious Mr. Peters pulled off his coat and struck across at the horse as it was passing him, thus causing it to break and allowing Childe Harold to win. ' 'It is Btrange with what readiness people who know nothing about watches, pedestrians or pedes trianism will take upon themselves the office of time takers at athletic sports. At the King's School gathering on Wednesday, in Sydney, a specially in- efficient offioial wielded the chronograph, for the time recorded for the 160 yards All Schools' Bace, won by A.D. Bond from Billy Macpherson's younger brother is 14% sees. ! Oh, ye gods, think of it ! A mero lad rnnning 150 yards in four better than evens ! Probably Bond occupied over 16 sees., and even then he did a remarkable performance. Another ridiculous assertion is that Bond won the 75 yards handicap from scratch in 7% sees., whilst he occupied half a second over in cutting out the 100 yards. Bond must be a remarkable pedestrian, for judged by the manner in which he annihilates space and improves over distance he should do a trifle better than evens at a mile. The Northern Jockey Club has intimated that in accordance with the custom of years it intends issuing a nice programme for November 9 (Prince of Wales Birthday). The Moorefield Bace Club will hold a two days' meeting commencing to-day and concluding on Monday. This afternoon I fancy Cascade will win the Hurdle Bace, Kelso's choice or Can Can the Tramway Handicap, Othmarthë Kogarah Stakes. The Northern district has several representatives in the Moorefield Handicap, but I think Princesa is the beat of them, and she can scarcely win whilst Dumb Boy and Affiance are left in ; I expect the Queenslander to score. Southerly Buster should secure the ' Auction Stakes, and Princess, Belle Dame and Keera should play a prominent part in the Stewards' Mile. The racehorse Lycnrgus, after running fairly well in Sydney, has been been returned to his owner at Morpeth, where the son of Goldsbrough will in future be prepared. Nominations for the Friday Half-Holiday sports meeting on Friday next are due this evening. The prizes are on view at Mr. G. Buxton's establishment. The Quirindi Jockey Club publishes its full bill of fare in this issue for its reunion on November 9' and 10. The added money amounts to ¿165, and entries are due on October 22, The V. E. C. will this year distribute ¿44,800 in added money. The disappointing Titan ia reported to be doing splendid work, but in a race the expensive gelding curls up like paper. Glenloth is undergoing a fine preparation for the Caulfield Cup, and has come into favour during the past week. No horse looks or goes better than Tirailleur, who is now second favourite for the Melbourne Cup ; Correzo is pretty forward, but the critics aver that Malvolio is too stont and will scarcely be ready in the spring. Betting over the Cups has not been brisk, and the only remarkable feature is the advance of Tirailleur in the quotations. ZalinBki ia not so firm a favour- ite as previously. The Lower Hunter Turf Club will distribute ¿140 in prizes at its gathering on October 29. Nomina- tions are due on the 22nd instant. The popular athletic gathering of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows at Dungog will take> place on Monday, when there should be excellent sport. It is said Mr. Hordern gave ¿1000 for Bealm. Mr. John Mayo has pnrchased a filly by Splendor out of Maggie Moore, a good mare in her time. 