A BAPTISM OF FIRE. BY JEANETTE VAN ALSTINE. •fUi'NYON c.t.AKi: sal in his ln-.-.-.iioii? It*. oSice. sill-wing lh.- end of his rigar and menially aiuiliscii'iiti-iiigtlir stale i.fthe' Money Mjik-.1, and i!i.- uiivraxnrial.le .-.mi very inconvenient caution that. Imtl lately! chnrarteri.-cu even t.lie ino-.|- ret'Ul-j.-s of' speculator', j Asa professional li'.nsver of bubbles, lie had ' nu pntiime with this timidity am! cartion— ' :n other*l ; and it tva- an iin'onh.-d-for; exhibition of thee uud --ir.-.lile i|U;iliti.-in j a hi- ti-11. upon vslioin he had s.l lair: expended much eloquence and more clMtn- j pahlie at fcvcral expensive luncheon?, and i wliol-1 he had believed to be fairly boohed, j that had dislm bed his Usually p!.n-:i! !'•■ -i-r. ltxtH.-! unco: the tides of his rt-ilitK.ii.- cut life to dwell n? littlo as po*tible upon any thing disrgre—tide, and to compensate him self fo- any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came io hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened Uie hnndsomcly-fitted liqueur-case which is always so important a foature of tlie promoter's sanctum ; nnd, having pnllcd himself together Vith an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar— also an exjiensive brand—and sauntered out. By the time he had reached Ixadenhnli street he had completely banished his dis appointment from his thoughts-, and in its stead had summoned before his mental vision an apparition that was eminently a pleasant one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley'sface nnd voice, and soft distinctive charm/trad hauntcd?lako pretty persistently for a couple of months; and it needed no great effort on his part to conjure up her image. Indeed, on more thau one occasion lately, in tlie very heat snd stress of a lively board-meeting, when he needed all his con centration and adroitness — for Kenyon Blake's board-meetings were never tame, hut freqncntly very stormy—ho had been .tart-led by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to be with her. and to gratify Hint wish was the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition, anil in another minute he was inside n hansom bowling ra]ridly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one hoard - meeting, Out imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. Bessie wn? st-ndin™- by the great north window when he came in, looking out npen the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on tho rows of daffodils. With tho ?wift gratitude of flowers, thoy had plucked up heart of grace under his genial smile, and, turning their backs ui?on the east wind, had resolved to bloom thoir sweetest. " And what have you been doing lately t May 1 seeJ" asked Kenyon, after sho had poured him out a cup of tea which he swallowed with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the piny of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I have Jeen horribly idle; a very blight of laziness teems to lave settled on mc. But let ns talk of something else; lam not in a work ing mood, as I told you. My brushes nnd I are ' out,' as Will C-rlcton would say." Poor Bessie! Tho restlessness nnd disin i.linntion for steady work, that she called laziness, was the hrst effect of the disturbing element, that was creeping into her life, and to which she bnd not become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet com m-hend that any other feeling might claim more than n superficial interest from her. ahe was, moreover, a reserved and tender woman : nnd the circumstances of her life had served to intensify this aatural charac teristic Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of her great-nncle. a simple-minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel New come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in Su John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, nnd his pride in her talent knew no bounds. He took her to Rome for two year*, and from thence to | Paris, where she worked for live ycirs in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her wotk. It was n|?n their return to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that was the real heart-home of tho enthusiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to tee his darling win her place ufxon the line; uid then faded gradually and painlessly out 'A life. Bessie had no one left but Ifinette —Ninette, the sharp • tong_ed, cynical .laughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little menage there, and who had begged to bo allowed to accompany them to England, rather than bs parted from Bet-ie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself' tightly round her hjnl hear- When l/nde Colin died, his pension died with him; but Be-de'a work brought in ><—icient to satisfy their simple want*,'' for Xinettc was a wonderful manager. And so the years sped softly on, nnd Seesie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen,and neither knowing nor carinj; aught of the outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satis6ed all the requirements of her nature, so that sho remained isnoraiat and unsiui picious of ilt deeper needs. " She would be charminjj if she were a wonian," a clever Frenchman had said of her toJnlian : "but, unfortunately, she is only an artist-** When Bessie had 6rst met Kcnyon Blake, she bad shrunk from him with a curious instinctive feeling that was hardly strong enough to be dislike, but was perhaps the occotwcions recoil of a spotlea- soul from the smirch aud stain of the man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's rtronjj perroiul magnet ism, all bis (lower of fascination and astute worldly wisdom, to conquer that first htlf uncot-cious anU-Onifm, and to win ber con fidence as well as her liking. Gradually, however, she strew to look forward to his visits, and ere very lons it came to pass that many summer mornings found him swinpins; idly in the baramoc that was slung across one corner of the stndio, while the tried to work, and drank in his word*, all unst-nschms of whither she was drifting, Biake unfolded his schemes and plans to ber, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, for he was a <rood talker and had travelled much, nnd seen life under many asptcls. And in all hej recounted there xv.s. a cleverly, managed | zlorification of himself, that somehow left -essie with the impression that someone I else had told her xvlut a princely fi-llotv was j thin trcnerous, brave, open-iirartfJ man, I whom men trusted and women lovrd. j Sonietiir.es his voire wc.tiM be low, and hi-' eyes orow sad, as; lie lou.ttl her sympiiMv witb the weil-toM title of an urn-n~eui_l matt?; of hij:h aspirations thwarted, -Treat opportunities lo.it, brilliant ssui-;r?e.? diverted, his own hopes, ints-re-ts, ami tastes a-ctiticrd, and himself di- he.ittenrd and iu_ile ie-.'-less hv the, tactless folly oi •he won mi he had' nwrried. All tliis. -ia- rir-liratriy convrycl of m:?; ■rot* hy implication, at firs', than by iictnnl detraction, nnd vsith m.-mv a -Uilfnllv-ilravn contisist th.it ?= ei'-1.'.1y Utterin. to fi'.-s-ie, who li-teued .-mil pitied —an., loved? AI. lyes. Love foicrd its ?-v at l?-t into the closed rhamb-'.-nf her .lean, tlnilliii- nil its Hbies to tendeie-t -ia niony linger his tornieotin_ tour-li. a:.d ri'-in;; her eyes witli the divine unrest which sth rtr?t .I ihe tntey ps.ni.lt ss that it. nom-n p-.y for his admission. But the ss??elnf?s rm, .hort-li- til, and! -Sir realised the hopel_-r?.? • f the fut.:;- "j Uiy-iIIy s!ie wre-tled w th the devil of re'rxl ion. a- of old .I-coli wrrstletl with the men .en^er of l.od ; ?nd after a time victory ' -•■ei-ieJ to come. True, .lie could not ca?t out her love, but she could curb it, and i turn it into the channel of friend-hip that; should be the joy of her life, and that] would perebsnee be a coafort ta kin also, j Ifer heart ached for hia loneline?'. and for f the hideous mockery of his man int."' to :; • wotiTtin he did not 'l-ive -. nnd -he ior.grd i with nil he. griir-iv-ns, oiis.-lli-li -nil to ' 'liiin.-.oino bri.-htiK^ii-t.. hi.-l.li-:h!e.l liV. ! It. toilured her to .e-tli.T longn.g. imngiy : look ill his eves, .-id the si-1 mil- oi ti:-,1 voice awak.-iu-rl iv her all tlrat t.i-r...<-tiiiL'. . semi-niatci'iiiil tcii'i-riic.-s that .-lninbci'ss at . ! the heart of every tru- woman, i ! Ala?, that so few ,to:i.'-l. italic, until it i" \ i too late, how ternhV i? tin- power of v man ] ■ who iia? stii.liid mrr sex, and who f!oe? not srutple to turn hi. knowlrdg- to acniiin; ' 1 l-'rnni the first, theodds are again-! v- : . - 'we are so easily sisavcd by i.ci-oii.d . i inlliier.ee?. I'.eiiioiri-1.-s-lv he gatheis toe! thou-aud little dai.iiv lilainetit" <>f o.irwrafc- j nesses .-.ml foible- i.'-.o In- hand, and twists ! | them into a cable tint hinds v?. In vim we I struggle; we canntt lueak it: and those v.-ho niiistcr snlltcr.-iit '-enrage t<s cut it) stunner, lind that they have dii" the knife ! into their own hr.iil*,"and liuichiucd their j freedom by wounds that perhaps, may never . heal. ' 1 It is only ft very strong man who can resist using this pover when he has once experienced the fa.?cniit!on of its exercise; tlio cravings of hhown passion bid him strive for victory at my price. And most assuredly . rxeiiyori Blake had never been strong with such noble strength. Even a? a young man, when the chivalric instincts arc keenest, he couhl rarely summon resolu tion tn draw* the rein apoti his inclinations : ami nt. forty he had aa incurable flabbinetv of moral fibre that wat the natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. He wntcheti poor Bessie's loyal struggles with a half cynical, half compassionato amusement. I'oor little darling, how miserable and how wicked she felt! Well, time and he between them would cure that: and then—nh, then he would teach her to to lire 1 Antl the mere thought of his coming triumph sent the blood surging hotly through nis veins. Bessie had crown very dear to him, and ha loved her with the truest love of which his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great masler-|>as*ioii was Bessio's misfortune rather than Kenyon:s fault: for, such as it was, it was tho best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; and one July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened. unwillingly to a story that should nerer have been told; and thn dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, aod adozen other com- C lex emotions that tug at the heart- string, nt defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered nnd uneventful her gitlhooii may have been, knows when she should cease to listen; and Bessie knew. But the hand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stincd to any passion but the love of her art, struggling to life, at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping liko gouts of fire into her heart To all strong-hearted women the birth of passion is a bewildeiment; a torture of sweetness that leaves the will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from out the world, but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. "Xo, we shall not part," he broke in upon her murmured protest "It is useless to tell mo not to come. As well might ynu forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature is stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do you think / have not struggled nnd fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you * And with the same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your heart; bnt, dear, yon cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to yon, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced—not meant to be renounced. Xo, you shall not speak—"as she tried to stop the words that tortured her—" I know what you would say, and I will not listen. All these illogical, timid considerations would find no place in your heart if it were ot fire like mine. What is the world to you pr to me. with its liucrile social laws, and ininectua! barriers ! i"ol!ow tbe voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do hot speak ; look up into my face, and let ite read those true eyes! Come, Bemsie: cntto to mc, sweet. Coino to rae for life—for etar!" ' His voice was husky wita passion, and the arms ho held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions he hid ever known. " I cannot, I cannot," eh- faltered, with a sob in her voice. " Yet you love me! I ftel you do; while I—my God ! child, I wouhip you I You drive me mad with your t|uiefc, <x>ol ways and tender ayes! Tell me, dear," he went on more quietly, " had I been free would you have answered diiTcicntly : lYould you have been my wife I** "Ah! Kenyon." " Say, would you .*• ] " Yes," very softly. "My sweet 1" And in a second the was in his arms, and he was kissing her urecdily on lips and cheek—kisses tint burned deep into licr soul, and rent the'blood of a new life shivering and tingling through he veins. For a moment the wonderof this new bliss that verged so closely upot pain blotted everything from her cooiciousness, and she forgot Use struggle that was. still unfinished, with all its dtnbts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct, of sorrow in tlie future. " Xo, sweetheart, let me sold yon so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embr.ee, " while we reason a little together. If you would hay. married me, why should yon hesitate to come to me now, why clout-your life and j mine with this c-imei- of tie tvorH : Can ' you not love me more tlinn tho world ! What is its verdict to yon or tome * I know you so well, my white darling, my pure-sonled Bessie! Is it not enough for you that I. understand and revere—co you ? Can you not trust roe: Is not your lot? strong enough for this?' "It is not that. I could trust you, Ken-, yon. I do not care what others'.would think," she answered, brokesly; "butwo both owe something to another taw. We have no right to brin;r sorrow on your wife." " Hush, child! You are s-eaking of what you do not understand I For years my wife and 1 have bsen tbe tterest acquaint ance.'—hardly friends even, and the little i time we spend together is.almost ai-ays j disagreeably spent. How should yon under stand a cold, coarse, jealous nature like hers —you, who are so tender anil so fine: And > ] yet she is * good woman it her impassive I way ; bet we are like oil aid water. You ! are my true mate, the wifeof my soul, the ; one woman whose every Ihotvht and impulse •i< ie.*ji..nsive to my own. _li *. I could do threat ihinj-s with you alwa.'s beside nio to be my inspiration—my Eteria ! Sco !"— j taking her passive hand iv his—"in the I hollow- of this dear band liei uiy life ! You ! can mnl;c- it Heaven or hell for me, Ke*sie ! i My lose, my lovr"—his vo: - brokv—" u>e ! your p..wer mercifully ! las not te hard I upon ii. both; tor you kniv yoa s-a.-mut condemn me lo misery w'.hout .-udeiing •yonr,c-lf:" It w.-.s piteous to see her •,icsl!.\tion and uncertainty —hers whu liaralwnyshexi.ro strati..' I'ini so prompt. Kit is volcuno h.-ul suddenly broken forth amid the cool -riet-n pastures of hrr liic, burying all her land mails under its lava flow, and drivin-j her to - fule that the was poweri.-.-s to resin— A Ftrnn_f. sense of calm, and peace, snd happiness mi.-ceded to ths i-tonny iloul'l and fear- of the last few- w-iL-. Kvrrylhin-r apiie.ir'-u to Kes-ie under a n*-w --pe-.-t, and she s-n;: h'.ithelv as she painted. For she hud entered her' Land of lleulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-cr-vin/ hearts. A'l me, that it- boundaries are so uatrow, :?nd thst its exits yawn ao pitilessly wide upon the dark waste of disenchantment! At first *ht bad blamed hencli bitterly for having striven against Kenyan so Ion". Since she [ loved him. v, hy had i!m triesl to erect ] !::<:i:?i> ..;:iin-t i'lini. :i::d to sunt him out J Int.. :!i- 1..ye!.-;., .-r.'d of the world whence I he had <-..;n. tt. s. ,-'„ ln-r' Ti.n-e | l-.ir:,.,.-. 1r.,.. had l ; ,-,-n In lit of s-llisli- j li?.-. o: .■ont.-nip:".,:.- fear- for lietsslf, of an ' iiinv.'iii.i.lv lack ..!' in h-r. But ' .-illtimt ?l< pas! tin-.v. jhc'hnfi t.-i'tH the | mv of -i;lf..-s!iii. -.-.itiiu, of ...•lf-etl'arenn-ntthat i^'ti-r- l.enrt uf love; aod she kuc-v ilntt the ] work -he had to do in this world wa' Ihe ! delightful i.-t-k of making her Kenvon lumpy. That v. as Hi- tr.i- morality of love, and all . 'J:.- ri--t w;.s itnittv i'oii.-en:-e iiivruted fiy a ■ ...L-ii-Ii world that 'did not know how to be! lliai.kf.il for its.iwn l.lrssing.. Shr- looked lurk, with wondering pit v for ' herself, upon th-.in>t. slay, b-foin she had | known Kcnyon: ati.l with the grand j triumphant tnn-s of her lifc-mnsic pealing j in her un-s, those far-ofl days seemed liko iluinh notes in the song. It was not until long alteraards that she indited that they were rests; rest, which, though they art- j not music, "have the making of music in i Uicin." " Do yon really love me, Bessie?—love me well enough to bo quite happy, just because I lore you snd we belong to each other 1" Kcnyoti said to her one day. She nestled yet more closely to him,-and silently laid her fine toft lingers on his chock ; for she was shy of words at times with the only man she had ever loved, this wonian of seven-and-twenty. Apparently the pretty action satisfied him—for a time at least. ; "And I'm no good, dear," he went oh, a little sadly; "a queer,' eccentric sort of fellow; never doing anything I dislike, and never denying myself n thing Iv want— a ?elfish brute. But I never yet went back on h friend or gave up a scheme 1 had promised to carry through. The. world would tell yon, and tclt you truly, that I am not fit to ask' for any good woman's love"—it was one of Kcnyon Blake's,most dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon a* quite a reckless candour anrf frankness; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever wore tlie livery of Ananias!—" bnt I worship you, Bessie And though I hare loved scores of otb ' women, and have been loved by them, no cr one has had the power to move me as yon ver you sweet, sweet girl!" ; do, The months sped by almost unnoticed by Bessie, who, once the great plunge had been made,. had forgotten nil her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without saying; for, with the sad huinitityofa loving wonian, ►he had tried to descend t? Kenyon's level, having found it impossible to raise him to hens. And things had not prospered with Keyon. A financial blight had fallen on tbe City, nnd he could tind no scope for , his persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding his aristocratio pretensions, he was not sufficiently n gentle man to wear a shabby coat with etui!; and having exiiensive hnlsits, it was not long before he exhausted not only his own resources but also those of his friends who were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of hi. embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kcnyon demurred at first, bat soon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties aud fifties, the slender bank account grew lets. And, Ninette banged her pins about more viciously than ever, nnd drove the dustmen, whom alio held in especial abhorrence, to the verge of suicide. And as the spring ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on the Continent for n year, signified her intention of ing tbe season in London, and desired Kcnyon to look out some suitable hooso for her. The request with its consequent expenditure, staggered him. but as lib wife wits always the last person to whom be wished his difficulties; to be known, he trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky coup to set him straight, and prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous. lie had been so wholly hers, that she had nt times almost forgotten that other claim—and now ! In vain Kcnyon assni-i1 her of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice caused him: in spite of his increased tenderness nnd caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, he devised a whim sical core, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself bow little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely success fnl. / Bessie bad been prepared to hata the wa—?n . whom she had wronged, and whote very existence had wrecked all the sacred hopes: of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who i. worthy of tbo name ; but at the sicht of her nil'resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Jlrs. Blake was a weaiy-lc-kiiij; woman whose eight-and-thirty year's sat heavily on her, and, without being stout, she gave the it-prcsfion of weight and thickness by reason of her nnela'tic tread and the clumsy contour ot ankles and wrists. As a (-iri she must have -ten rather pretty, and uncon sciously one v-ficcted to see her in the costume of tlie early seventies— a costume one felt that had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker oould bring ber up to date, or hide that fatal inborn dowti'me—i before which even I'elix and Worth woold have confessed them selves powerless. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something j—-he tic in this; and as she noticed how tbe supplementary twist of bright cold empha [ sited the fadednees of the once pretty bair, she was filled with a half contemptuous tii:y. This sad, colourless woman, who looked as though all the glad generous blood bad turned to water in her veint, and who bore a whole tragedy of broken hopes and wistful straining nfter 'he love she had lost—if, indeed, she' had ever had it—in. her dim, white lashed eyes; conld never again-awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kcnyon Blake, with his restless energy and full pulsing vitality, his quickness and activity of thought and body,. sought the world over for a more nncongenlal mato than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon his career, it is doubtful whether, he could have found one. As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before that it was she who was indeed his true wife—the wife of his soul, a* he bad .aid; but somehow there was a ting* of bitterness in her joy that she did hot under stand. It was just after this that Kenvon went suddenly to Paris to try and tilt the scales of Fortune in favour of one of his sc.emcs i that was tieiublttii; jn (!,,. balance. He was j almost j-eniiil--5; but with the h-jblime i audacity that wu? one of the factor.- of hij , success with ni.niru, he posed t'.ure a? a I veritable Paladin of tiii.ui.-r ; nnd it w_s, \ from the Hot.-l Ccntii'.-.nt.d thi.t l>j„e .received the daily loxiii' lrttets. :'ull of . hntses and protiii-es, ami |in-.-ionm- vows, th.it so .inip'y sati.-Htd her nnetacting tenderness. With the fjt.il catmcity for drvc-.ion end self-sacrilice that disiiti_ui?hctt h-r, she fretted over her love.-', nnpccuiiin-ity, nnd j tinally _.it!ierin;r tsi^eilier the tein:iaiit.s cf 1 hernileablc.-Ucicl.es and jewclliiy, sent !iir_ \ live crisp, ele.il! _.-, nolo ; ami tlien, with i\j light heart,walked blithely through the mud | and rain to mive the threepence thij 11111 omnibus would have cost her. 1* When he returned he had the grace to Feel ashamed when he missed a hoop s.f line diamond, that he had alsvayt. se:n on Kcs.-ic'.i linger. Hitherto she bad, with delicate t_ct, selected things which she wore but ?ldo_i ; [ but these had nil-rone. ! " Will you love- tne the less that my hands aro bure!' she u-ked, laughinl- : "you i-i'.lv boy, to fuss about such a tritirj '." And then he talked in his large way of i th? magnificent things at was going to da ia J the near future, until Bessie began lo I.J.tnu herself fo. noth-.vinrrsti.lii.-i'iiLlynppi'cciited the piitiiege of denying herself the liter*; I saiii'? of liie, .nil to !eel thst her [war ltltle | liiintlrrd* most ?r-iu very paltry to • this I princely hero of hers ! But worse wss to come ; nnd - few months aftet-wniili Ue--ie stood for the last limo by the gr'ii- north window of her studio, and looked si.ilv out Ht the diipping gartl'ns Some 01 Kenyoii Blake's kites wero fly in;* home to most, and the furnished house that he h:nl tiWen h.iil to be paid for; writ, had hem i-siied : and altogether matters looked ugly for hnn. BessicV course had been prompt, and the pretty cottage hiwl been trausfcried to an art i-t wins hrol lon-; coveted it. , Kveiything was packed; everything.ready for her'depart tire; and poor Mnctiewas shivering patiently out in tbe gusty hall, ami wishing that Madame would remember t'-.it the marketing had yet to he done before :...-y could think of fettling down to rest in tiio dingy Tlmyer-strcet lodgings whither they were bound. And already it was nearly four, and the gloomy December afternoon was drawinc to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. Shown* filled with, a tierce exultation of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of me to the man she loved. Was it ; not to tide hint over a dissstrous moment, nnd to keep a roof aver his wife's head, that she had -converted everything available into ready cash! Ah, and the delight of doing •itlr And it was with a smiling fsce and happy i lieartthat Bessie Langley passed out of her j home. Just before she reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of " common honesty," which had survived thus late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attention, aud with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped , to gather these white ghost* of the vanished summer. But, as her hand touched them, tho thin, silvery disks fluttered down among their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, dsmp air I '. Nearly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung in one of the gallories of Burlington House, and had been purchased hy the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest, It was a large canvas, and bore in one corner the initials " K. I_" A xvouian clothed in sad-colouied garments stood erect in the ceutre of a woodland path ar.d eased straight out at the spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees were coldly outlined against the I heavy grey sky of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and (.lie key to tbe story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas—a scarlet letter that glowed and burned upon the woman's breast —the A of the Puritan arinltre&s.; But it wat not Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw her; but llester, the despairing sromiin, alone among tho ruins of her love, cr-sllrd and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man who had been her god, her conference, her ideal of all that was manly and trust worthy end true. The pillars of ber world had given way, and everything was tottering under her; for he had failed her. Aad since he was false, what was there left for her to clin™ to! "It is quite heart- breaking, isn't it, Mr. Lester !* n pretty girl luid said to Dudley at the private view; -'but Mr. Gnmrtt was mistaken when he said that Miss f.angley had been her own model. It isn't her face atalL" And the man had murmured, uuder hit breath, " Ko; ills only her soul!"' Soon after Bessie bad left Canal Gardens Kcnyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some concern in: "which he was interested. His exjienjea were to be paid, the salary was good, and he was to receive a considerable sum before his departure. "So you see, little girl, weare coming ont all right; and in a few months I shall buy out that fellow who has got your little place, and yon shall have a studio of your own again," he said, with a line burst of lwrdly generosity- .. . A few days before he sailed, Bessie. whose nncalculatit.g passion was as ready to ask in good fsith as to give, told him that she was literally |senniless, anil that there was, heavy interest coming due upon money that she had raised for bim at various times. It was the first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering; and probably the would not hare done so had he' not previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds bad been paid io to him! within the week. j But she bad not reckoned tlie new clothes J there were to buy, the diuncrs there were to ' give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and tho dozen other f.i- more important claims Co exhaust his money than the daily needs oi the woman who had beggared herself for him. " Of course, I had thought of that, and I will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or fret, fur everything is coming straight at' last." And his answer had been sufficient' to satisfy Bessie- trustful hcatt. Towards evening of the day before his departure, after she had waited for him all dsy, a telegram came : 1' Terribly bnjy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Ate-a. Sail at eleven. So sorry." .' Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie, set out at tho appointed time, and Keny'on was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all right. I shall send yon more the minute I land, co don't worry, my dear, dear girt. I'm half crazy at leaving you. but it will only bo for a few months, and then 111 show you haw much I love you!" And foolish Bessie became hopeful oncel more, and her rad face grew less xvhite and I drawn as she clung trustfully to the coward hand that had despoiled her. ■ V ' Mr. Towers replied to Bessie's guarded letter in tonus of strictest politeness, snd regretted that Mr. Blake bad not given him j instructions to act for him in any way ; but. he inclosed that gentleman's address, and expressed the opinion that any communica tion addressed direct to him would receive hta attention. Time crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninette came perilously near starvation ; for Bessie found it waa more difficult to sell ber work when she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers in her own studio, since even dealers are not above being influenced by tho surroundings of their customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn hope of the gently-reared poor— teaching; and trudged bravely through the wintry streets to give her lessons. At the end of three months she received, through Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. It ma the last communication Bessie ever revived from the man for whom she bad sacrificed and suffered to much ; although sho learned from various sources that he was faultlessly clothed as ever, aad .[rending his innney with all the old open-handed princely generosity —upon himself. Some xsrfni'ii babble of their sotrons to whosoever -rtids an ear, and so find comfort; bat lt.tsit- v ts not one of these, and even to Ninette m;c had n>.ver spoken Ktnyon's nuinc. lsio her picture, .he lucatlicd the clivjs of hi r soul. It was her one dumb pr.-.tfst atiri _i>|re?|—the one silent expression of her i.ii-ii:.-ii. Some yet-, have pxsfrd since Klirah„h l-r.gley evh.biied the pit-tute which made her Unions : and -hr i> n,w i.nr v! the most eagerly-so-uht-aflcr unuien iv London ; lor it i* only in novels that heaits are never herded. The Miss Havi.hams do uut live outside the pages of the romancer. Bat Kfstte is "Lcssie" r.o lunjrer; the fo!t diminutite do— not tit the uueetilv woman who hears her st.-itelier name in full. She is j-entle in manner a< of vort*. with the udded jrrace of the tini-1-.ed worldling. But i the true softness, and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she has passed thiough htr Baptism of Fire, and learned her lesson of life ; and it has left her impassive, and scornful, and coldly cynical !at h?*rt.-Abri?ljf?d froa Tea-y i-eir, j 