The IWew Presbyterian Manse. The eoromouy of laying tho foundation stono of tho new Presbyterian Mauso took placo on Wednesday, 23rd ult. Tho now building which is boing erected in tho paddock adjoining tho Church is to bo a handsome two storied houso, built throughout of brick. It will contain oight largo rooms, including drawing room, dining room, study, etc., on tho ground floor, and four largo bedrooms oil tlio hrst iloor, as woll as kitchen, bath room, otc. When finished tho manso will bo not only a credit to the Presby terians of Nowra but an ormunont to tho town. The coremony of laving tho stono wa3 performed by tho Rov. Dr. Steul, of St. Stophon's Presbv torinn Church, Sydney, assisted by mo3t of tlio local clergy. : A service was held in the church at 11 a.m., when an address was delivered by Dr. Stool, as sisted by the Rov. Bruco and tho liov. R. Jackson' of Bony. ' Dr. Steel's address was upon tho 35th ch'aptor of Numbers. Iu the eourso of liis romarks tho preacher pointed out how tlio chaptor that had boon road indicated that those who wore minis toring should bo provided with suitable resi dences. In tlio patriarchial tiinos tho head of each houso conducted tho religious oxorcisos, but as tho Isnielites increased n'ud grow from' a family into a nation, it was found necessary ; to sot men apart for tho religious work. , Ono in each family was selected to ongngo in sacred duties, nnd so grew up. tho tribo of tho Lovites. These Lovites wore tho inon of lottors* thoy wore tho educated class among the Israelites, thoy were practically the school masters of tho people, nnd from thom woro selected tlio judges, while certain cities woro sot apart for thom to dwell in. So to- day thoir ministers should bo men of loarning, nnd houses fit for their habi tation should bo provided-. Continuing, the preachor dwelt strongly upon tho infiuonco. for good that was oxerted uprm a 'neighbourhood, by tho lifo and work of a Christian minister, whoso daily lifo was in harmony with his pro fession. , ' At tho conclusion of tho sorvico . tlio congre gation adjourned to tho now building,: whore a platform had boon erected, upon which woro gathered tho ladiss of tho choir, and a lmuibor of ludies and gentlemen, including tho'Rovs. Dr. Stool, J. IC. Bruco R. Jackson, E.. King, and Messrs. A. Robortson, John M'ArthuiyJ.P., E. C. Hewlett, Jas. Monaghan, J.P., W. Kennedy, J.P., otc. Mi'. John M' Arthur said tho long oxpooted Jind come at last. Thoy ha'd.boon talking of building tho manso for many 'years past, aud. now thoy had made a beginning. - Dp to tho presoht thoy had not had a i'onnnl.dodication of the building, and the meeting .'to-.dny' was. for that purpose. Ho was pleased to soo'sucli a lni;ge'nnmbor ])ro sout, and hoped that good ' would result. Tho coinmitteo had not started tlio work until thoy hud aoniothing to go upon; ; and now .thoy had got . in tlio foundations, ho folt surb thoy would not sod thom embarr.issod with the. superstruc ture. : Ho.- had .very much pleasure', in calling upon'Dr.' Stobl to lay the foundation stone. . Ho had howover, he said, .to'apologise for the ab'3oh'co . of a beautiful silver 'trowel and a mallet; which had been ordered froni Sj^nejVhiid which w'oro,. so far as lie knowi thon lyiug at ICiama station; conscquontly Dr. 5loel would havo to ' ])orform tlio ceremony witli aii ordinary nioson's trowol andhanimor. ? . ' , ' : After two bottles containing copies of tho local aud Sydney papors of that date had been placed in tho cavity uudor tho stono. Dr. Steel spread tho mortar, and tapped tho four corners of the stono iu the orthodox manner, and declarod tho stono woll and truly laid, in tho nauio of tho Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost. Dr. Stool said it was an unexpected honour that ho had been privileged to lay this corner stono of thoir first nianso at Nowra. Ho trusted that tho stono was not only well and truly laid, but that tho houso that was to bo erected iu con nection with it would bo for mauy yoars au ornnmont to tho place and an examploof whritii Christian homo should bo. Ho would much havo preferred that his voiiorablo old i'rio'ud Dr. Grant should havo boon present; but only that morning Dr. Grant had told him that it was quite iuinossiblo for liini to bo present in his stato of health. Thoy know ho was with thom in spirit, but thoy all would havo liked to havo had liiui with thom in person. Through all thoir chiu-ch history tho church' and tlio manse had gono together, and had boon very clpsoly and vory honorably counectod.' Go whoro thoy would throughout the old country wherever thoy found the church there thoy would also find the manse. Thoy in tho Shoalhaven district had been rather longin building thoir manse, iu fact thoy woro rather long iu building their church ; but his dear old friend Dr. Grant was always noted for his uuwillingnoss to .pros* in any way heavily upon his people in Shoalhaven. . Dr. Grant, like St. Paul in Rome, had lived in a hired houso, with his family for many years,, which had heeii illuminated and adorned by tho Christ-like charactor' aud work of Mrs. Grant, which would mnko thoir naino ovor loved and , rpvorod by the people of this district., Now thoy wore getting a manse of thoir own, and lie trusted that tho naino of tho new miuistor— the Rev. Mr. Bruce-^with ? his wife rind/family, might long bo connoctod with that building ; and that thoy might by thoir lifo and work bo an oxaniplo to all around. Mr. Bruco aunouncod that tho Rev. , 13. Jung would follow Dr. Steel, and ho particularly wished thoin to hear Mr. Kiug boforo the collec tion was taken, as whatever else that gontloman might bo,, ho was a first-class boggar. The Rev. E. King, of tho. Weslovan Church, Nawra. said lio had ascertained from Mr. J. M'Arthur that tho committee had cominoncod work wlion thoy had £700 in hand, aud anothor £800 was required to comploto tho building. Thoro woro about 200 people presont. If thoy gavo £-1 oach tho thing was dono. Ho was very ploasod to bo thoro. that day, aud had listened with groat interest to tlio address of Dr. Steel : and ho was especially ploased to hear of that littio incident of the Rov. Mr. Dowson and his congrogation assisting in holding tho soivico in tho face of groat, difficulties at Torrara. Ono of the things that had mado his slay in tho district' so pleasant, was tho great good feoling that had always existed botwoon his church and tho Prosbytorians. Ho congratulated them upon thoir good common souso in having a nest o'gg to begin thoir manso with, and ho trusted they would not havo to go Dibbs-liko to London for funds. If they did, ho would certainly recom mend that thoy send lii3 friond Mr. ii'Arthur. Ho was very pleased indeed to see that they woro building thoir manse so near tho church, as speakiug from oxperionco ho considorcd thoy | would lmvo mado a groat mistake in building elsowhore. Ho was sorry that, his own ronioval from tho district would provont him enjoying a cup of toa with Mr. Bruco iu his now houso, as ho cousidored in hiiti thoy had a good follow, nnd ouo who had adapted himself to tho dilforeut conditions of lifo in tlio colony much bettor than most now arrivals. In fact, continued Mr. King laughingly, I considor him almost as good as an Australian. Ho wished thoin ovory suc coss nnd God's blossing upon thoir work. Rov. J. K. Bruce proposed a vote of thauks to Dr. Stool. Ho said thoy were boginning to fool that their, debt of gratitudo to tho Doctor was a vory heavy ono. Ho had boon a friond of their olu friond Dr. Grant for a long timo; and for Dr. Stoel to bo a man's friond was no light mattor. as ho was willing to spoiul aud ho spoilt in tho sorvico of his frionds. Thoy wcro vory ploasod to seo him again amongst thom, with somo of his old vigour aud flro, porforining dutios of friendship. Ho was sorry that tho weak stato of his health provontod Dr. Grant boing present, but thoy know ho would bo with thom in spirit. Ho could wish no bottor thing than that tho houso now boing orectcd should contain that Christ-like spirit which had always boon present in that old hoino on tho river bank. Ho had to apologise on bohalf of tho Rov. Mr. Best, who hoped to bo with thoin but had boondotained by a marriage. Ho asked for a hoarty voto of thanks to tho Rovs. Dr. Steel and E. King. / Tlio Rov. R. Jackson, of Berry, said thoir' coromony that day roininded him of siinihu scones of long ago in tho old cou'ntiy. -IIo did not intond going into thoir cliuroh 'history, as that had already hoon dono so woll by DivStool. That gentleman had roferrod to St. .-Paul living in a hired houso at Rome, aud it rotniuded hiui that Paul had anothor homo, nanioly tho .prison, of which ho was not'ashained, from' which caiiio* somo of tho grnudost sonnoiisPaul ever proached. Tlio timo howover was past when tho church was connected with dungeons ; -nhd ho-trusted'thoir minister's new homo would bo nn orriauiont nnd credit to tho district in whioh thdy lived. Tho; district itsolf was a most lovely one, and thoir manso should suit the beauties of tho scene. He had l-ccoivod an invitation to attend the'; laying of a foundation stono that day from the far off town of Dubbo, und ho thought it a. signal proof of tho advancomont of Christianity throngli tho country. He. congratulatod thom upon their success, and trusted that much .good might result from their work.- '* ?! . The Rev. J. K. Bruce said ho wished tliom to tako liis spoeoh as detivorbd1 after Mr. Jackson,' aud to include him in tho vote of thanks. Ho was very pleased to bo able' to announce that the collection amounted to £o7 IGs 3d. Tho voto was carried with acclamation,- aud tho procoodings concluded with the singing of tho Doxology. I' . An adjournment was then mado to tho Band, Hall, where refreshments woro provided. . On Wodnesdjiy night Dr. Stool iectured intho Presbyterian Church to a largo audionco, on tho subject of tho Druids, tho: oarly 'iiihabitants of tho British ? isles. ! . Tho rev. gohtloinnn was . in . good form, notwithstanding his roupiit illness; and delivorcd his leotiiro iu . vigorous nudiblo style. , Tlio lecture was illustratod:-by largo coloured prints, roprosonting tho customs, man nor of living, worship, etc., of tho Druids. Their historyso far, as known wasgivonfromtho'Roman Invasion. to tlio introduction of Christianity by St. Columbus and others. At tho conclusion of tho lecture d hoarty voto of thanks, was accorded Dr. Stool by acclamation, on tho motion of Mr. , J. M' Arthur, J. P. A voto of thaiiks to tho choir for rondoring some music, and to tho chairman, brought the proceedings to a close. 