* 10ow Flotar uBEsLnDio . The Verdict Was-? A S70RY OF NORTH.QUEENSLAND By IIHarfoldt M Mackenzie, } Auhior of ' The Squatter's Daughter." * CHAPTER I. A WAKEFUL .onIrT. The sun had sunk to. rest hours ago, 1 lending pence and calmnnss to the scene. Although the hands of thoeclock-on-the mantel-shelf pointed to the small hours, little or no sleep as yet had come to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. The room was furnished iw-that light and airy style so often seen in tropical climates. On the floor,. which once had boasted of varnish but now dulled by long -c-a ria eetneree nuon-day nue -; were -.'en-?satered rugs of opossum and wallaby. TIn the centre of the apartment stood a large bed, so si'uated as to catch every particle of breeze which on this calm and sultry night we:: wafted through the room in scarce sufficient force to have eitineg.iahed a lucifer. ndler the canopy of a mosquito cur tain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybal of. his tormentors, huzzed and pinged as murderous a set of drmons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now and then a violent daru at a more than usually audacious' member of the trie, which invariably ended in missingl the fair one (tor we are told that it is only the female that bites).she would soar merrily upwards, serenading as she flew to prepare for a fresh onset. Mosquitoes are bad enough at all times, but when to this is added a mind o'erwrought with thoughts distracting- try to banish them as one may--surely the cup of woe is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundredth time he tossed and turned on his weary'pillows with the over ominous hum of smosquitoes ringing in his ears. " Confound the thing I I can stand it no longer l" he exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit the consoling roll of rice paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Here comfortably ensconced in a long canes lounge he seemed more at ease as he watched the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were out in great clusters of diamonds; shining with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone ran be viewed in hot latitudes. Never had the puffing of the fragrant weed seemed to bring such consolation to Sybil. His mind was sore troubled and needed some thing wherelby relief, if only temporary, might be affurded, and this -he was seek ing from the goddess Nirotin,. And has she not done niiagh to soothe the aching brain of man T", ve wo not heard of eases wherembrbeip~anoithtu?gh death were siigh. and ecmh inomentniight prove tlhe last, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth?. Whilst Srbil is contemplating the heavens it will be a favorable oppnr tunity to inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of -Northern Aus. tralia. - That he was not an Australian by birth would have almost convinced an observer at first glance.' His l?kst;:manner and everythinr else connected with hits had an - unmistakable English ^appearance, and surrbouded as he was on the planta. tion with avaried assortmentbof humanity, including South' Sea Ilalnd savages, Malays, and the roughest spe?"ies of the Queensland back-woodsman, who "differs but little from the rest, except that his skin may be a few degrees fess swarthy, made' him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Sybil had been reared at one, of the good old English public schools, and not a great many years from the time of the reader's introduction he was diatinguish ing,himself more, perhaps, in the cri,.ket and football fields than in the pursuit.of Greek:lcImia or Latin Prose.. ,2Therresult,awhatever else it might have beaenhaadhe shone in the latter respect, was that most desirable of all qualities,. a eotirn madMin a sound body. To edu cate:the' mind at the expense of the m ~aoles taabid' all times, but to ex pend a sufficiency of force on both in so order to attain a moen ina in corporesa o wI iu what every right thinking person should da desie. in The muscular training which Sybil had in undergone in his youth had given to his th body that flexibility and energetic move ment enabling him to undergo long days he of fitign 'under hot runs which to a less fr hardened physique might have told sorely I fo; upon him. Having quitted school, he re passed two or three years under the guidance of several "army-crammers," of who failed to drive the required subjects pc into his head in order to qualify him for be comnission in the service. Whether it ex waslthat Sybil's skull was thicker than a the! general run of young men s, or sb tiat the cramming system was not ad' we ministered in proper form, is a problem If still requiring solution. sc! The 'porting parson. with whom he th hadi lias' taken u.p his residence was co chiefly remarkable for a knowledge of sh horseflesh more than any other subject. lai Sybil would often hold long discussions wilh himnon the points of a new equine TI purehase to the. exclusion of all such th tiring; arguments .is to whether or no aniy!two sides of a triangle are together th greaterthan the third . .. at And.,so' .the time passed. pleasantly fo enough in the quaint:old: Sussex village. St which in the'small;hours of, the morning qt would often rinl with the rhouts of the obstreperpis young,. ,Ieods,; awaking frerla their slumbers the'.'hoary-headed' 'parishners ,who brought.Ldows ons th" bi wirtle 'rector'a head-anything but blies When. Sybil had..appeared for the at fouith time at Burliigton House before cc that array of, grim visaged examiners which have; made many s daring young o soldier quake in his shoes at the thoughts bi of tieing "plucked," he knew within his own mind that. the papers sent in pi were not op to the mark. He was right re in his conjectures, and once more 'was in hopelessly spun. ' i " ' It's no use, sir." were the words to pi his father after this, his final attempt'; " I'll have to chuck it up and 'go out to at Australia." m This sudden determination is order, as bi it were, to seek some consolation for hai - ing' failed to become a defender of his ti country met with but scant approval d. from Colonel Prescott. He was indig- sl nant and displeased to think that his d only son could not have followed in the footsteps which ho himself had won so n much favor in. b "Go to Australia. if you've set your it heart upon doing so.'"he had said; "but, it remember, this is the last thing I could have wished. I had hoped that before my w death to hav see seen yo winning honor in y something more noble than perhaps drirv- t ing a team of bullocks. Higwever, when 11 a man has been given a receptacle for d brains it can only be regretted thatthe w necessary article waes not supplied.' " y Colonel Prescott was brosque in man' nor, and at times when his reason was ii governed by passion a very 'dangerous h persbn to encounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in" general, h chiefly on account of his son's failure for ' the army, he had bidden Sybil farewell on t his journey to Queensland. C With this brief outline of Sybil's R former life, once more we return to the I verandah from which he looked on the ? silvery night. . c The scene was beautiful indeed. A' b night upon which.it seemed thattday- b light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. .The house looked down i spon. the long eloping banke'of garden 1 'whic' reahend to the water's' edge,'wh'sre flashed and sparkled under the moon's t white beams the sluggish river.' , The house itself was of that delight fully 'rambling character peculiar to f houses wherein the owner, deeming that 1 internal comfort is preferable to external c show' had illustrated his good sense. The rooms it 'contained were all spacious and' t airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of the house. Bath-rooms, perhaps the most necessary of all, were made quite a study of in this edifice with their showers, plunges, and e cool lounges for reclining in after the I ablutions. Close beside and convenient for supply- I ing the inmates with an abundancy of I water ran a clear mountain stream, which' even in the hottest weather felt cool and refreshing to the body. Who that has ever passed weary days where the"skin seems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this 1 bath in a landof a fieree sun means I It is the very elixir, the restoration of all t relaxed energy once more to its normal I sphere. To say that one's breakfast in the land where sugar grows would not I I readily be forgone in favor of abath is not 1 an exaggeration. " t Sybil's room faced the south, which was the beat situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea.breeze . which generally sprang up after sun I down; and then with whataweet-smelling r aromatic perfumes would the air be \- laden, exhaled from: stepnanotis and s magnolia which grew abundantly in the t garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful I rustling noise, with white feathery tops s shooting upwards straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with every sigh of the wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. a On the opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet undisturbed by the' hand of man, the eye could roam at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the e clearest.cmerald-changing, too, with as t many varying tints exithe small..lizards i whi'h 'were thereo in thousands.-basking t in a noonday 'un. At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow hearrenwards the camp fire of the a untutored Queensland savagewho.crouch. ing like some demon from the nether world with shrunken limbs and uokempt \- locks made the only sorry spectacle in an otherwise perfect landscape. h In strange contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was the appearance of d the Rappoe Plantation. where unceasing d toil by busy hands from early morn till , the sun' had set was carried on. The i- well-kept fields of augar-cane, with its r, arrowing tops denotnmg that it was ready , and over-ripe for crushing. The un. e ceasing whirr of machinery in the giant i mill u it ground and crushed through is the sunny day the long luscious canes , into a pulpy mass, extracting all the n thick creamy jirrea which ran in sluggish streams from the. rollers. o The dusky South Sea savages, with t grinning faces, knee-deep in thie immense e tlnks shovelling out the thick solasses. a- All this sprbe of enterprise and activity at on the part el the owners, who lived in f far-away Melhourte. Sybil hbd rchosen toemake 'his home ic here withl a rime some day of managing t, the etate which he now aeld an interest a in. IHe was young, not more than a- tweatyfive yaaoa .f age.' His personal e appearance' wea taking, though in-the \- sitricktsono of theterm he woas nochand some. His good-natured smie, which' w ever ready to part his lips, andclear, dark colored eyes established confidence in him at once, consequently with' but few exceptions he was a great favorite on the plantation. "He'a got the whip hand of me, has he l" he muttered to himself, as rising from the lounge he tossed away the fourth cigarette end and paced the verandah as one troubled. He was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liecombe's, manager of Rap. poe, spoken to him that day. That any body should have dared to try and exercise a power of this kind, nay, more,' a threat held out to him, in order that he should appearcraven in theeyes of others; was more than he could stand. He feared no one, and, least of all, his con science, which was clear and free from' the awful charge which he knew Lis combe intended bringig against him should he not at 'once hush it up with large sums of money. " Let him do his worst; I am prepared.... There must be an end sooner or later to this." " He was"standing at th'efarther end o: the verandah speaking to himself and so absorbed'with his own thoughts that the: footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, he turned qaietly on hisn heel and confronted' Maurice Liscombe. Fdr a second neither'spoke,,but stood' gaeing at each other, with. the pale moon beams playing on their countenances. At;-.. 'length. Pfaurce Liecombe, a man short bf stature, with a cosrse-looking face and an expresiion that was not wont to inspire confidence,' broke the silence. "So, Mr.• Prescott, you choose three o'elock in tlhe'morniig for taking exercise besides awakening people from thetraleep. " To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something more than a mere bandy. ing of words might have resulted. Turn ing his' back on the manager, he calmly puffed away at his cigarette. " Ah l' exclaimed Liscombe,." so you still intend to ignore me I So be it. Re niember the?ionditions upon which I have based my proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know the 'consequencers. A' month from this date. and unless thy" ardeagreed to, you shall be known to the world as the mur deter of Gerald Dugdale." For an instant the desire to strike this - man, as he would'a dog, came over him, but' as suddenly restrained himself ind 'giaing fearlessly on Liecombe uttered' id words both calm and clear:. "'That God ,hould have deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours' is beyond comprehension. This threat which you hold out to me, thinking that by so doing you can extort money. does' not frighten me. I say, do your worst. Now I have finished. Words with yon'aro ueeless" ." B ef;re the manager had .time to msake reply Sybil had banisahd, leaving him to his own reflections. In 'another hour or two the great hot sun had risen; loudly welcomed by shrill- tongued birds of brilliant colors; the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats, to bask in its genial riys. and 'all the thousand noises which are ever present in this steamy sugar land. The month was July, and -cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, which, indeed, ;ii a veritable vapor. bath in Queenasland. The morning'bell hadsounded,awaken. ing' the hands from their slumbers to beginianother dayof 'toilanid"i}weearines s' uiidi?i' vertintal'un. Such a hot sun, thi like'of which is scarcely realizable by those who have not stood for hours under its seorching rays within the dense cane brake whither no breeze to refresh the body fnds its way. For hours toil the I coolies, ridding the ground of noxious *eeds which seem to grow in a night in I this natural forcing-house. Then afar off are seen the patient L plough horses tramping, through yielding toil' heavy and irksome after the late rains, in erder to prepare the' ground for next year's crop. , Slowly and with mea I sured tread. groaning and tigging at their chains. are seen teams of bullocks, dra ngirg behind them mountain loads of Sfirewood to feed the ever-ready jaws of I theHuge' furnaces. whilst the stalwart t driv'erwalka slowly beside them with I mily a'curse on their heads and many a Scut from'his double-thonged whip when t they chirk'the slightest. ' The mill grinds on without cessation s until the crop is off. .No sooner are the t day toilers released than a gang for night I work succeeds them. The huge rollers I aresilent for a timeand give way to' the r whirling centrifugals and .vacuum pan t bubbling and dancing with the saccharine t matter which is to be converted into St" i, all life and energy, the work of a Ssugar plantation. e Races from all' countries' mingle to a gether." the shrewd. Scotch engineer, who has charge 'bf 'the machinery : the a heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to I prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle: the treacherous Malay. who skulks and iwould like to run a knife t through anyone iho off:ids his dignity e were it not that the'laws of Queensland are not those of his own peninsula and ehe fears the consequences. Then'come a all the overseers, rouse-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions.:. Some g loading steamers' with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their d way to the Melbourne and Sydney mar r kets. others carting " megsan" to the mill e furnaces which has been drying under a the sun for days past. a.'=`Dusky.' and welt-proportioned., women: g with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments La purchased at a neighboring store, load e ing drays with fuel. For the women of t" the South Seas know hard work equally ni with the men weeding and stripping the it cane, laughing with the bright sunshine a playing on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a d less favored woman of fairer hue, and if over all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purple-hued mountains which ie frown like mighty fortresses that have Is been scorched and wind-swept for cen y turies past. S CHAPTER IT. i AUvriE ItISnco rnr'r E cLt U . h The words which ehad been uttered the previoea erening by .Mau'ric Liscombe h still rang in Syhil'a ars thriuglhout the me whole of the cnext li.e-long day, as . though a hot ioin had beein seared across y his brain. Usuhlly joyt;us hlen ema. in ployed in his day's work, snging eand lighthearted as the veriest school-boy re-. se Ised from his stdies, hlie was on the Ig morning after this riight of mental rort at ture sad andabsoiet in manncer i In The dug was:ianittusuanlly buky ico. at Theltrullktoad"s of cane stacked, higlin: be air-tme-t.iosrini' liito feed Cthe rollers; d- whicl i fiid away with s" crat?liir noise, slowly but surely utraotlag s, particle of juice from the long, aws sticks. The line of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, poledl up, each in turn, to receive a load t " megeas," thence to be carted away aid spread out in the sun, where, as children in other countries might play in the bay fields, so would the little black savages- the offspring of Kanaka women-- dlight in rolling and tossing it i each othee's faces. In the far distance glimmreed nd' shone with almost supernatural heriblms the mighty mountaina, on which eoaildh traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling aad dancing like millions of crystas almedr the vigorous sunray. The scene was all olor, lif a mii ? mea --t -teo be Cogeeseecee 