@mntb& Zoo. Sun. Fine. Clear. Warm. Theatre. PIca-atit. Cic;;.r:>-,:;a. Getting warmer. 1 1 Lost in London." Orizaba otf to London. Bellringers to-morrow. Historical reminiscences. "The Woman in White." Angaston Show to-morrow. Some disappointed reformers. Original research in medicine. Barometer at noon to- day, 21). 7(5. Port Lincoln won the heart of Flinders. Invasion by the British Army of S3Uth Australia. Another plot to depose the King of Greece. Fall in the share market. What is working it now ? Miss Beddard in a new dramatic character to-night. A revengeful old man in Melbourne takes to shooting. Last nights of the fine live alligator in Adelaide. Tasmanian Exhibition was fouaally closed Those new steamers of the P. & O. Line will be boomers. Ninety years ago to-day Flinders discovered- Mount Lofty. South Australia should be well tip in " grace" now. Henry Taylor has a letter on the exodus oE farmers from Light. An old South-Eastern mystery cleared up. Kruger is not Deeming. Prince Bismarck taken suddenly ill, "but hi? health is now "uproving. How many more crimes are tobs attributed to the Windsor murderer ! Mr. Wybert Reeve reappears in his fine rdle, Job Aimroyd, this evening. German doctors discussing an operation on the young Emperor William. To be or not to be—that is the question about the Easter Encampment. Only two cases at the Port Augusta Court, which lasted an hour and a half. Revival of Watts Phillips's celebrated " Lost in London" at the Theatre Royal. Ladies who bathe at Glenelg should pafoomse the baths instead of the beach. Sun rose at 6.9 a.m.; sets at G.6 p.m. Moon rose at 2.49 p.m.; sets at midnight. Dr. F. J. Elliott, of the Lindsay Expadition, to arrivs in Adelaide on Friday next. Telegram from Cape Borda—" British Army passing inward." Is this an invasion ? Mr. Isaac Pitman is still hale and hearty. Gets to his work at 6 o'clock every morning. Half- holiday to-morrow to the ovei worked Civil Servants and the State School children. Dr. Vaughan, who is to fill the shoes of tho late Cardinal Manning, wishes to remain atj Salford. Are we to have coolies in South Australian. Well Baron de Worms knows all abont it? Very dangerous to fasten goats on the inside of the fences on the Glenelg Railway near Goodwood. Does Sergeant Kingston read all the letters about the proposal to dispense with the Easter Encampment ? Arthur Goring Thomas, the dramatist, has given up the ghost. Threw himself in front of a moving train. The Windsor tragedy—Eveij one mns admit that there are sereral re Deeming features in the case. If a recruit rubs noses with a man who has been in a camp or two, does it follow that he knows all about it ? Good idea of Non-Com. to reduce the number of drills. He ought to have added Parliamentary picnics. South Australian scholars singularly short lived—Miss Knight, and Messrs. Holder, Donaldson, and Tucker. When parsons take to short cutaway coats, caps, and brummagem walkingsticks, one who runs may read, writes Cynic. Stead, anticipating the possibility of Dr. Vaughan being appointed to Bucceed Cardinal Manning, says, " Heaven forbid." Commissioner Rusbell has sent one of his insolvents, shrewd farmer Prior, to roBticate three months at Howell's country hotel. The Chief Justice has been welcomed by the Port Augusta Bar. He will soon have to get a set speech if he goes much on Circuit. James Prior, a Mount Bryan East farmer, awarded a second-class certificate in tho Insolvency Court, and three months in gaol. Mr. Sholl, a postal delegate, thinks that people should be allowed to spend money on sweeps or lotteries, without State interference. John Bellin, who embezzled the funds of a Melbourne Building Sooiety, died in the Geelong Gaol while serving a eentenoe of five years. Perhaps on no point is there more nniformity of opinion than in that of having cessation from work where there is a shadow of a show. The newsman will be soon passing from murder under the Hearthstone to cricket on the Hearth or OvaL A Grace-ful and welcome transition. A ship's officer has been taking gravestones from the Williamstown Cemetery. He wanted them for holystones. Appropriate use, bub rather cool. O ver300 men h ave been struck off the strenghfi of our Defence Force since last camp, and 400 have joined. Of this number over 200 are this year's recruits. Clipping from orders issued from the Military Staff Office. "Private having died on the 4th inst. is struck off the strength." Why should he be struck off for such an innocent offence? A " moderate" says the temperance party resembles a well-known domestic bird after delivering herself of an egg. Having gained the Sunday-clo3ing clause by a ruse, they must " c-acklo" over it every time two or three of them gather together. OBITS.—Among the worthies who crossed the border on March 23 in the mighty past were the following :—Pope Julius III. His original name was Giovanni Mariadella Monte. He succeeded Paul I1L in 1550, and made his exit, after a reign of five years.—Jusbtts Lipsius departed this life 1G06, aged 59. He was a learned critic, and the author of "Saturnalia," "De Militia," " Menippsea," and several other learned works. Like the famous Vicar of Bray, he made himself notorious by his frequent changes of his religion. He was first a Roman Catholic, then a Lutheran, then a Calvinist, and then he returned to the bosom of mother Church ; but— dont you see?—he who never changed his opinion never parted with any of his errors. But Lipsius was a wee bit superstitious, and attributed some of his writings to the direct influence of the Virgin Mary.—Then there was Paul I., Emperor of Russia, who, having rendered himself obnoxious by his tyranny, capriciousness, and violence, his officers entered into a conspiracy against him and strangled him, 1S01. OBITS.—You may remember, my dear bov, that at the beginning of the present century whenever a criminal was executed, a lot of rugamuffins paraded the streets selling slips of paper containing "the last dyin' speech and confession of A. B., with a copy of verses he wrote afore his death." Here is a specimen of these elegant effusions: "Come all yon precious mothers, dear, » hat hugs a precious babby. And while your blood turns curds and whey Let not your flesh be flabby." Well, on the morning of March 21, 1803, these peripatetic newsmongers bawled themselves • hoarse in announcing the execution of Colonel Despeird that same morning at the Old Bailey. He entered the service early in life, served ill the American War and on the Spanish Main, and, having been appointed English Superintendent at Honduras, for some cause or other he was "amoved," and, having heen refused an investigation, he became "obstropulous," and one fine afternoon he found himself provided with board and lodging gratis. And when liberated he became more obstropulous still. Be then joined a lot of other choice spirits "more wicked than himself" perhaps ; and, having been detected in concocting a plob for the assassination of King George III., he and they were arrested, tried, and hung. 