A ETJSSIAN GrHOST STOST. When the Winter Palace was finished the empress appointed a day for taking posses sion of it; and the elite of the guards and a corpse "was composed entirely of noblemen mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor led to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two .young noblemen were posted- It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the young men was attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the reception of foreign ambassadors ? One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. " The empress has already arrived," whispered he; she is seated on the throne, directly opposite to the dooi." The other also looked through the aper ture and soon verified this to be a fact. The empress was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Bussia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ;but it was impossible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said "You can all now retire; the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty is already here." "What? Who?" " Her Majesty is in the throne-room." " Impossible!" "Tou can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wonderingly " I cannot understand what the marshal means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn; the em press has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ascertain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the empress may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " My God, it is the empress! Her majesty herself! What, can it mean ?" ex claimed he. "How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence ? .She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal lobes and jewels. There must be some mystery be hind this. Let all entrances to the throne room be guarded! Let no one go in or out! I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses be ing quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace, temporarily occupied by the empress. " Where is the empress ?" "Inher sleeping apartment." The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply " Are you sure that the empress is here ?"* " Of course; she is preparing to retire.*' " Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kurafein, much, excited, was conducted to the empress's chamber. The empress stood before hi-m in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. "Well," said the empress, "you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in heaven's name is the matter wilh yon. Is there any news from the army ?" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had seen. " It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. "We will take a nearer look at these comedians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin; you can mount behind. Hurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cos telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne-room; six grenadiers were com manded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the keyhole. The door was cautiously opened and a food of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her sruard, who placed tb emselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered in diamonds, and crowned with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as immovably still as the empress. It "was a thrilling moment! " Fire !" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commo tion and confnsion, while the empress called "Bring lights !'* Lights were speedily procured, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absolutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she would admit*. Eight weeks afterwards she died. 