Cricket Dull. Damp. Closure. Sarcastic. Showery. Crusades. — Moral politics. HopefH signs. Assembly again. Wiser and sadder. Unhappy strikers. " The bitter end." Tb'igs are mending. More extended credit. "And now he's dead." Norwegian steamer lost. Go and see tbe Matabeles. Still plenty of weather aboufc. " Grampus" waB not very welt Estimates cut down by £09,786. Barometer at noon to-day, 2y.75. Two picnics and two precessions. Neill, the p Disoner, has oonf"-sel. Methodism suppressed in Vienna. Watery day for the milkmen's picuie. Heavy thunder showers at Broken Hill. Is the Theatre Royal a circus or a music haU? Chaffey Brothers' Renmark d' Hculty settled. Another attempted murder in the Territory, The Queen condoles with President Harrison. " David Copperfield" at Victoria Hall tonight. Is the Assembly going to sit on the public holiday ? What about tbe Betting Act, Alderman Willcox? Ebenezer las a big crush of human nalir' about him. General Downes's successor to get only £750 per annum. "(Edipus," "Scrutator," "Vera"—what a combination. Miners talking of having a ballot to cover their retreat. Strikers must have pretty we 1 ', exhausted their resources. The mounted orderly ridn his rover with ease and speed. Mr. Cotton can't get a Govermt at with a " human" soul. Lecture on tobacco to night. Will sampling be allowed ? Is it true that the Hon. G. W. Cotton has joined the militia ? The South Australian Alliance will notba easily disoouraged. Dr. Magarey thinks nothing is to be lost by asking for a lot. The Defence Committee must be able to see a hole thro' a ladder. Many of those "r-'.iuctionB" S.J merely postponed payments. Two members of Union Parliament offering for Hindmarsh Ward. Our Commissioner of Public Works declines - to meddle with putty. To-night is Hudson's Surprise Party's seventieth at the Bijou. The " betterment" principle adopted by tbe London County Council. The mineowners would just os soon now that the strike continued. Mr. Ward was much affected at the news of Mr. West-Erekme's death. Would H. M. Stanley have recognised the lingo of those Metabeles ? Liquor restriction laws must not go in advance of public sentiment. The Crambman hopes the Government - horses aren't to get less feed. Have the >. ws been informed that they will not be milked so often to-day ? " Your Honor, I must objeot to the way my learned son iB putting the law." The late Mr. West- Erskine was a high'y educated and naturally able man. Dr. Magarey's Bill will need a lot of amending in Committee, if it gets there. Father Bickford should write one of his old time letters to the Emperor Joseph. Uncle Sam's switchmen threaten a genera etrike unless they get a lift all round. The "Darkest England" scheme needs £60,000 before the end of November. "They all do it" was the excuse of the lady smuggler on the P. & O. s.s. Vicioi?a. Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin says the wage-e" Tiers will suffer most by the retrenchments. The Sociological Society will discuss to-n ; ght 'Wages and the Cost of Production." Mr. Cotton says Mr. Tomkinson may die in despair, but he intends to live in hope. The Rev. J. Nicholson has undertaken a task for which he is eminently well qualified. Sun xuse at 5.6 a.m.; sets at 6.23 p.m. Moon rose at 9.7 a.m.; sets at midnight. City Father Willcox bets Son Darling anew hat on a harvest nearer ten bushels than six. Jaek Plane wants his brother in Victoria to go on half-time, so as to spread the work oat. Haven't members waited till the iron is cold before striking out boldly for interoolon : al free trade? London importers favour the propose d wine depot if the Government won't reta'l over the counter. Not likely that Sir John consult ji the Judges before making the Supreme Court reductions. "ACommand Night at Hampton Cot'*.", 1583," by Hon. J. H. Gordon, tD-night. W? s he there? The President of tbe Chamber cf Commerce wants a strong Ministry for the commercial community. The cause of the Bible for State School children will be earnestly pleaded up till the general elections. Those who have lost hope of getting work on the mines will maintain the strike as long as outsiders will send them funds. The Bear demands that the Sick Man shall let the Bear's war material go through the Dardanelles. Where's the Lion? In Melbourne, not long ago, an ex-AttoinLj- General of the colony was an applicant for the position of caretaker at a Police Coi-rt. The Assembly has rr solved that steps should be taken to arrange for the establishment of free interchange of colonial products and manufactures. "Thepresent cramped condition of South Australia was due to the penny-wise-poundfoolish-letting- labour-go-to-waste-policy of past Governments" Ebby says he supposed that be was tbe only man in the colony that the late Mr. West- Erskine had not quarrelled with. They ti as ted one another. A curious combination, a case yesterday, in which two sisters were the litigants, tbe mother and a sister the witnesses, f id the counsel were father and son. Once upon a time Ebby always went for restricting the powers of the Upper House. Now, he thinks its privileges ought to be superior, if any difference is to be made, to those of the Assembly. FAS.—That Oriental traveller tells us something about the manner of bribing demons at funerals, which I suppose tbe stupid western barbarians would denounce by the ugly word "superstition." He says:—"At the funeral of a wealthy Chinese a great number of musicians are hired, and also professional weepers, who have carried ihe art of shedding tears to great perfection, and are absolutely inimitable at sobs and groans. They follow th« coffin in long white robes, hempen girdle' and dishevelled hair, and their lamentations are accompanied by the beating of gongs, the discordant sounds of rude instruments, and the discharge of fireworks. The explosions and the smell of powder are believed to frighten an ay the demons and to hinder them from seizing the soul of tbe defunct, which always follows the cofiin; and as malevolent spirits are believed to be extremely avaricious the people let fall along the road sapecks or banknotes, which the wind carries away in all directions. Of course the dnmon6 fall into the trap with charming simplicity, though the supposed banknotes are only bits of white paper. But while they are chasing after ;hese sham sapecks the ghost of the departed trots along after thecoma unmolested. 