DANGEROUS JOKI G. 1.'fARTIN was the eldest son and hope of dJ Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton. His amniable dispo6ition and sipei'ior iritei lect procured for him univeisal love arid .steam. Martin was a great fagvurite, with the girls, okl and young but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ashton, the iaughter of the clergyman. Isabellia was young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a peirson" of such deep Feelings and elevated intellect as Martin; and, beautiful as sihe was, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social. gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, wit.h the fairest you.ths and maidens; and the company enjoycd themsel-ves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had ahlrady passed, when some one foolishly mentioned. the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been, reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there; and I doubt if. any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, thouh ough you are ashamedr to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that vou have some idea that such things may exist: Go to the church= yard alone ifi the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." "And what would that prove?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to.the test.. Bow could you he. afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of ?" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the fitst place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten mein the least." "Ha, ha I but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. . "Here, before these, our friends I' promise that: tlis ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, '"provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat. "And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will'lind close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, aid set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky-then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had .proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest' part- of the road; he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. - All Martin's strength of courage was gone iir an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still he:stood his ground. 'The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they. rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for.help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of' the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and. disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis2 torted in death.. Martiri uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon-the corpse. HIe ncever spolieagair, and lived but a few months, 'to die an idiot. NEVER TELL A LIE. kYOu- G man, never tell a lie; especially if you happen to be a married man and your wife is a woman who knower what two and two make-or, ;at all events, hardly ever tell one. A lie may seem harmless enough at'the time; but it will stick to you like wax. Listen to whabt George Washington Sploggs hls to suffer in consequence of a little fib he once told . . George lihad ben out tosupper at a bachelor friend's diggings, ahd, in the natural order: of events, he wad' off colour tlid following morning-he haid, in fact, about a No. 11 nausea, headache, and thirst. At breakfast liis wife wondered why: he had no appetite for the nice fat bacon - at least, it wouild have been nice if it hadn't been rather cinderv on one side and not cooked on the other. And then he didn't take his tea, and she was sure he couldn't bomplain of' its not being strding enough, for it had been stewing on the hob for three-quarters of an hour. And the margarine .wasn't so very strong but what a healthy man might .have eabtenthe toast. So George had to explain, and he said he didn't feel very well-rather bilious; he thought the salnion they had for supper last night hadn't agreed with him. Nown-, this was the lie. George didn't think anything of the sort, and they hidn't had any salmon for supper. If he had been wetl'enoiugh to think at all, he would have known that it was that last half glass of whisky. But he recklessly told the lie. George struggled into his overcoat, and after -desperate endeavours managed to squeeze hIis hat on to his swollen head; and he went off to the office wondering why somnebody didnit invent hat-horns on the principle of the shoe-horn. And Nemesis marked him r for her' own. Mrs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a twinkling, and she determined to have her revenge for the deceptiori Georgie had tried to' impose upon her. This is what now happens: When George feels inclined to to have a litt~le toddy at home before going 'to bed, Mrs. Sploggs will get out the glasses and decanter, and put the kettle on the fire, and will ask: " Will you have any lemon in your salmon, George " . - : When a friend comes in of a night to see George, and Gedrge asks him to have a nip, Mrs. Sploges always makes a point of anking the.friend if he likes his " salmon " hot or cold; and then explanations have to be given, which makes George feel "somewhat foolish like. And then,to crown all, she has coached up tle slavey iu the joke. The"other night, when the decanter was found to be empty, she rang for the girl, gave her some money and told her to go round to the " Golden Lioni" for a bottle of tlhree.and-sixpenny " salmon." And the girl grinned as she took the mroney and went for it. George is beginning to think that tho situation will remain unaltered until he joins a Band of Hope and buys a few yards of blue ribbon. ' Magistrate (to prisoner) :i "Ia've you anly remarks to make ?" Prisoner (tharber): " Yk'et, your wora!bip. Your hair wants cutting,." 