THE DISMAL SWAMP. The place had always been haunted, if one might credit what was said in ' the quarters.' Indeed, there was scarcely a slave on the plhatation but had a startling experience to relate of the :hosts that haunted Graysville, one of the most famous old planta tions of Louisiana. Every slave that ever trod southern soil is afraid of graveyards, and the Graysville grave yard was indeed a solemn old place, and awesome enough to those minds snue- slit'ously incli:e'. It was anot ma,,-r tan a hundred Jards from the back doorstep in full range of the little windows of the room that had been the "sitting room a f all my granId monthlers for unombered generatins. It was not originally meant to lie a gravey rd. One of tlhe first Gray wom:en had lost a balh, at d it was her desire that the child might be buried somewhere in sight of htar window, .where she might have the comfort of seeing its little grave at all times and knowing that it was not quite alone whlen thie .ind blew -at night and the snow fell over Graysvilte. But the little grave which held the dead dill not by anlly means help to heal the--wound in the heart of the living, and before tlhe flowers bloomed -.g.:-..,i.- l.. .I Louisiana woonds n other grave was opened lb-side the lonely little sleeper, and Graindmother Gray went to keep her clhild company under tlhe rustliag oll live oaks. Of course grandfather was put to sleep beside his wife, and so in time all tihe Grays were laid under those grim old oaks, and the' family graveyard,' so to speak, establisheld within a stone's throw of the back door. " But it was not the graveyard which made one afraid of Graysvilie. lie yond, snore than a taile, and cut off by one of these still, treachelrous lagoons so common to Louisiana stretclhed for several miles a low, wet strip of timaber land known as the Dismal Sweaamp. TIhe place was full of uncanny assoriations--as the hiding-place of the ra;taway slaves, the Ihuthed of malaria and all aau nner of ills and aches. At leng:th the crowaning ill was put upon it when it became the abode of the Graysville ghost. True, these strlies of the ghost never, for a long while at least, got beyomla the quarters; but there they were re rehearsed ight after nIight with startling and blood-curdling varta taio:s. It was said that nothing ever came out of the swamp aline : even the cattle wandering within its deadly limits were either stung to death by the poisonous reptiles there or else broke their necks among the tangles of bamaboo an.: rattin, crossvine and swinging mnosses of the s.vaaaap. I was always mortally afraid of the swamp, and no Ihumant power coul!d bave persuadel nme beyond the separ atit? waters of the lagoon. Of the ghosts I had noa fear what ever, but stories of tihe runaway slavcs, tlhe poisonous atmo!sphere, and the unfortunate cattle had filled m:y mind with a harror of the place which to this day I have never been able to slhake off \- ly first recollection of it was the tinm: one of the men cntam running in front the field, panting with fear .and d!eclaring that something like a big black shadow had run out of the s-vamap and chased him home. The 'smnnething' proved to be Crazy Dick, ean ol: slave who had disappeared months before and was supposed to he dead nsomewhere ian the impenetrable depths of the Dismal Swamp. He Ilad indeed, been there all the while, lisinsg upeaon the wild plums and berries which grew in profusion. He returned to his hiding place and died there, his dead Iody having been discovered by seeing thle buzzards circling about it on tihe farther bank of the lagoon. ' Literally torn to pieces by the witches,' they said in the cabins of the superstitious blacks, who repudiated the existence of the briars for the more thrilling idea of witchels.' From that time forward the ghost of Crazy Dick was said to wander about the swamp, and coaul be seen almost anly night, ' all it: lhite,' crossing the Iagooa and the rice field and comin t on across the lawn to the graveyard, wlhere he disappeared 'just at aaylight,' in his owan grave in tlhe far corner of tlhe lot ' over to'ds the great house' The story was told until it was -believed by every anegro in the planatation, and wlhen at last tie overseer laimself, re turaning from tile quarters after maid nighlt, where hIe had been to sit up withl a sick slave, decl.artdl thalt hIe had witl: hlis own eyes seen tlhe ghos', tlhere was sometarlhing of a panic in and ahlout SGraysville. I was a girl tlhen of about 17 years of age, and aay terror of tle swanmp bec?aaae so intense that I would stop my ears ndl leave tlhe rooma at the bare mention of the place. It preyed upon my thoughats day and night. At night my dreams were full of it. I had wandered along all lthose nmys terious depthls, trampledl upon the nest of thle copperheaad and adder, breathled tihe soft perfutme of the wild magnolia, and brushed aside as it trailed against my forehead, thle rark. red blosson.s of the poisonidiss oak .-and tlh deadly iy. In nay dreams I had dippad mny feet into tlae sleek, still waters of the lagcon, and followed tile path made by the ghost of Crazy Dick across the rice field and tlhe family graveyard and lost myself in the depths of its dull, dense shadows. I would wake at sunrise, nervous and feverish, and as weary as if I had indeed made the Ioriblejourney. And even then I would creep under tle bedcovers and try to forget the lhorrors of my dream. I grew thlin a.d .pale and nervous. All the gold in Louisiana could not tempt me near thle Dismal Swamnp. Mly terror increased as I niglht after night roamed through its terriblle tangle of vine and briar in mny dreams. One morning thle very :climax of wonder was reoched when may father, returing home just before day from a meeting of thle rice planters;?nat a village some 15 mniles d:stant, himself encoun tered the Graysville ghost returning from its midnight ramble through the Dismal Swamp. It was only half visile ia tle un certain light, but still distinct enough for him to distinguis a supple, willowy something clad ia whlite and mnoving without noise-almost without maotion, he thought-toward tlae dismal shad ows of the Graysville graveyard. Thlen it disappeared as usual. Strange to say, while my fathler was rehearsing the story at the breakfast table I seemed to h~ve known it all, and Ibefre lie had left off I felt sure I could have gone on with it myself. This wvas due, doubtless, to the fact. as I thought, of my having visited the, s.vamp so often in my dresmls. The same day my mother camo to men with instructions not to visit, in my daily rambles over the plantation, certain low sections where I was fond of going for the wild blossoms and ripe fruit. I could not understand the restrictions, and said so very freely. She then showed men the hoots I had worn-as she suppostd- Ihe day before in my rambles. ' But I did not go out yesterday,' I exclaimed, no little as tonished at the sad condition of my rubber walking boots, so necesssry for the low, moist, Louisiana lands. ' They were found at your door this morning,' she told me,'' where you usually place thlen to be cleaned.' It was odd, to be sure, and for many weeks remained to me an enigma. My mother I was sure believed I was telling iher a deliberate falsehood, inasnluch as the very next morning the boots were found in the same place and in precisely the same condition. At length my mother removed the Ihosts to her own closet, and locking tlhe door put the key in her pocket, saying as she did so, ' NoN we will see shlu it io tat'a iri tihe l:ibit ,f oe ming your shloes. Nobody knows wherethe key of the closet door is hid except yourself, Elsa.' (To be continucd in our next.) 