An Ode To The Modern Walt*. 'Tis a kind of mild gyration, 'Tis the " Military Waltz A sort of ntareiic funvlrc, mixed "With some very sudden halts, As your partner, vainly striving To revolve, is forced to stop ; And your manly arm is aching', And you're nearly fit to drop; "While the moments are so molting, And you cro.'t account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the " Fairy " of the ball Her weight is but a trifle, If she steps upon the scalc; She looks so like :i Zephyr That you crowd on every sail . "With a feeling- of elation, "With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour ; But a deadly drag is on you, And, alas ' your dream is false, For vou find YOU have to wrestle With the Military Waltz !" This Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, Looking somewhat " ready-made " As they zig-zag, slide and 6hui)k\ Turn.round twice, and then appear As if they "really had to slop," They felt "so very queer." Where is the old-time waltzing ? And the waltzers, where are they ? Here's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, " We'll try a turn for 1 auld-lang-syne;'' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm ; Her form way somewhat solid. Yet her step was light as air; As we floated round tlio room, J, Tims, apostropliised the fair: " This is the good old waltzing-, Tints in the days of yore, Our steps heat time to th' music, On many a festive floor ; I could whirl for hours together, For your waltzing is just divine ; And you weigh like the ghost of a feather, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your stylo is correct and none other:" Then she sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that" she waltzed like his mother!" I And lie possibly spoke the truth. FRANK MOIILEY What the Unskilled Applauded.- Let a woman whose sole gift lies m u voice of unusual compass, foroo out the G or F c! the lower octive until it becomes more like the groaning o! an invalid than a musical tone, or let her squeak out the F in the third ledger line until it sounds as beautiful us tha cry of a pst lap dog on whoie toe3 some one has stepped, and it will suffice to fill the hall with enthusiastic plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to Bing the simplest melody without giving ono the oramps, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian Iceberg, will porhaps display a flexibility of voice to rival that of an instrument. When she sets up her fireworks and rockets in the iorm of ecales, in sixteenths, and pierces one's tympanum with her infernal trills, with awful persistency and without taking breath, we may rest assured that the barquet will spring up from its seat and howl in ecstacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or emphasis, let it be correot or false, but at all events strikingly exaggerated, constitute all of the dramatic musio; that these qualities properly enjoy the priveleges of superseding beauty of tone, time and rythm; tbat they fully snffice to replsoe the real contents, musical form, melody^ tempo and key. To fill the exaggerated demands of Buch bom bastic, high flying, affeoted and conceited Btyle, he assumes the right of taking un warranted liberties with moat imgortant works. ¥et, if he brings this system cf play before a certain public, he may be assured that the most lively and honest enthui&am; will reward him, because he has murdered a great master, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a noH-i passion. The Public Letter Writer.-The tcrivan still exists in Home, although with the spread of education and the public Eehool his race is nearly run. This one before us is a fine Jooking old man, with kindly oyea and benevolent expression, which wins conSdencG at once, both from the peasant girls who eomes to him to write a love letter, and from her lucky swain as well, who nko sacks' his aid, both to read the letter and pen the reply. Italian letters are not like English ones, full of news and personal items, but fervent epistles, replete with passion and sentiment and a plentiful supply of exclamation marks. But in the moment in which we come upon the gorivano, it is not with girl or lover that he is engaged, but' ah old woman, seemingly older even than himself, a veritable old wifcoh who, bent over, and with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentra tion while her old faoulties are capable of, while the sarivano reads aloud to her the letter she had submitted to him. Who oan realise how precious thoBe written words may be to the listening woman for without doubt they tell her of her children far away, the boy or the girl or both, whom years ago she used to watch while at play in tlia square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant olimes, are struggling to gain p.;Iiveii hood in some strange land where all is in bitter oontrast to the light end warmth o! .'cara Koma." Field marshal the Bute of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, spent all the early years of his life at Han over, where his father acted as Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. He is somewhat of a martinet, and speaks English with a very strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old man, with white hair and whiskers, an apoplectic neck. ami a rubi cund face which shows traces of good living. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank, and hearty. lie is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company, end a nap after and even during his meals. The only time when ho had the opportunity of displaying his pro-.vess on a battle- field was in the Crimea, where ho Bhowed great pluck personally, but lost his head fcompletely as a leader. Ife It ay had many love-affairs, which culminated in a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown tosociety, but by whom he has had a numerous family. Two of his sons, the Colonels Fitz-George, form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fitz-Georgc, of the Royal Navy, ha3 distinguished himself in the sister service. He is a good son, and never lets a day pas3 without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable Duchess of Cain bridge. He is very sensitive to newspaper criticism, and was recently much distressed at being lampooned for having appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep oft' the pelting rain. Prof- Fischer. Of Erlangon, has discovered that the olfactory nerve is able to detect ths prcseiice of 1-2,7'.>0,000 of a f'inin of mm':!p tan. If " mcrcaptan " is another name for Yarra Yarra, the professor's discovery will surprise no one who is intimately ac quainted with the robust flavor uf that silvery stream." "The V/atcr "f the so-Called medical lake near Spokane is so charged with certain that it is like lye. and is used in ur.ikiuir soap. When the wind blows the wave? s-.:on make soapsuds of the water, ihv froth. or lather, piling in "nii- i-j-- along the shew Nevertheless, this i-j no .' lie," 