TALK Willi A DIVER. " I'm not going to tell you nbotifc trliosts under water, corpses sitting upright in tho state-rooms of steamers, wit!-, books on their knees, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor lias any other diver. You can't see anything in a sunken vessel. It nnyono tells you such stories he's nob a diver except that he dive? away from the truth." "Is there any skill required in the act of diving-I mean getting down to the object on which .you ore to work !" " No. That is to say,"no particular skill -only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too sudden. Bub the art of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. You see, his shoes weigh twenty pounds each. Then he lia son his chest and back weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, Uiehelmeb and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of dm k with a layer of rubber between them. To ihc top part of the dress a collar of copper is aflixcd, and to this tho helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helraeb is large enough to allow a space of three inches around tho head, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of tho hel met. Before the diver goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The life line is tied around his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into the helmet.. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run.out as lie descends. As he moves about below, those above must rcgulat 3 the life line and hose, and should be ready to pull him up ag soon as they get the signal-a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy there's a rush ing sound, or a noise like thunder, made by the air passing from the ho.«e into tho hel met. Bub that's nonsense. You don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump. "If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul tho diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe and sound?" " Usually not. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; bub if anything doss happen, it is usually all ovet with him A tug on tiie line means death," especially if he's down deep. Thedivei" doesn't perish because he's cut off too long from the supply of air, but) from the fright ful pressure. Take, for instance, the deatlr of Jenkins, in 1878. Ilis hose burst. They hauled him up in bwo minutes. He was a corpse. I don't care to describe his appear ance. It was harrowing. I can give you, from an experience of mine, some idea of the the pressure. I was at work below; when snd lenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. Fortu nately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they weio hauling me as if 1 had ri hydraulic jack on cacli side of my head. The hose had nob burst, and the pump had been working all right, so we were at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know any one who is an enemy of mine, so in my case a f »ol" must have puts t he paper balls in the lnse. Tho kind of danger I have jusb dt scribed-that of the stoppage of air and death from pressure-ia perhaps the greatest., because a diver can't do any tiling to avoid it. It is the dangor of accident through circumstauces beyoud hia control. "Thoro is another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, how* ever, is not often incurred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, whilo hia dress is being put on, will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into bhe water the delightful cool ness mnke3 3'ou drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep bub once. I slept at the bottom of a creek soundly for one hour and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during 0110 hour of slack water, and on going below you fell asleep, and slope over your time. The tide would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and that would be the end of you."-Million. 