A Psychical Mystery, \- BY EDWIN J. BBADY. y> I AU of a decidedly sceptical turn of mind* r; Ghosts I have no respect for--none what- ever. If I were to encounter a ghost I feel positively certain that I should address some irreverent remark to it. I might even dig it playfully and familiarly in the ribs, if it had any, and ask it to " come along and wet it's eye.'' Of course, I .am now speaking of the ordinary or graveyard variety of spectre, the misty creature that hovers around tombs, and makes faces at people from untenanted houses, or wakes you up in a haunted chamber in the middle of the night, and then, with a melodramatic air, beckons you to follow it over a precipice, or down a well, or some other equally impossible., place. Such spectres are so universally allied- to heavy ' suppers and indigestion that they, .are beginning to be out of date in .these modern times. This is essentially the, era of the scientific spectre-the fashionable ghost-who is not unremotely connected with the spiritualistic seance, the table rapping entertainment, or the melancholy and serious meetings of a theosophical society. The ghost of the latter part of the 19th century differs as much from its shadowy predecessor as the steam engine does from the stage-coach. The modern ghost has had to adapt itself to ah im- proved age, an age of telegraphs, of psy- chical research societies, and of evolution- : ary scientists. Under such circumstances it is not a matter for surprise that the old species of spectre has in all civilised countries be- come more or less extinct. To be brief, very few people now-a- days seriously be- lieve in ghosts of anydescription. To be- lieve : in a ghost one would have to believe in a perpetuation of the " Ego " after the life of the indi vidual has ceased in its present form. Most thinking people will freely admit that they know nothing very definitely about the matter at all. Being alive, we all know that it is an unavoidable law* that we shall also some day die. We accept the fact as inevitable, and being in good health, always look forward to that some-day-whenever it crosses our minde-as being very remote. For instance, I know for a positive fact, that there will corne a time in the future (comparatively speaking, almost to morrow), when the fingers which grasp this pen shall be feelingless, unanimated, bone and gristle ;. the ; will which directs the . pen, nought1,; and the brain which generates the idea, putridity, rottenness, ; nothing. This, is a chemical change otherwise known as " death." It is either, very funny or very serious-I am uncertain which. I hazard' these few preliminary remarks with a: view to assuring ; my reade.rs that I ami not likely to give credence to anything out of the common unless I am .pretty: well satisfied with regard to proofs. This will make the ,? extraordinary part of the story . which follows more inexplicable still. . When I confess-r-but why anticipate P I will just eay what there is to say, and leave the rest to those who may be interested in spirit- ualism or in psychical research. In the latter direction I believe that the scientific world has a large sphere of action be fore it, and that there are many wonderful dis- coveries to be made in the workings of unseen natural laws. My story concerns a dream. Now I do not profess to be able, to explain '.' sleep " any .more than death. They are both nearly-allied mysteries, which are*, at the present stage of human knowledge, somewhat beyond us. At the same time, there are certain features about my own slumbers which I have. noted down from time to time. Some of these nocturnal visitations are remarkable. Ido : not know whether they are common to other people -some of them, I feel sure, are not. For instance, I am very fond of shooting-it is .my favorite amusement and am familiar with both gun and pistol; Now I have frequently dreamt of using; firearms in my sleep, and always, save once, when I came to look along the barrel to fire, the barrel either twisted up or became so crooked that I could not take a sight. It would be impossible. to shoot anything . with a gun whose barrel is twisted like a corkscrew. My annoyance, as may be imagined, is generally so great that I awake with vexation. Again, in my sleep I frequently go through the performance of flying. By a physical effort, I lift myself bodily into the air, and then,: lying flat: on my face, I can,; like a bat, direct my coarse to any point to which..I desire togo, much to the astonishment of open-mouthed crowds who are invariably about when I take ; my extraordinary flight over their heads. The strangest point about these oft-repeated dreams which are remarkably, pleasant, is that, although they are of frequent occurrence, I have never yet had a sudden fall, but always . alight gently on my feet at the end of my journey, and awake. ; At tho same time, I am. not a stranger to the horrible nightmare .sensa- tions of: falling down a bottomless well or over a. precipice miles high, and all that sort of thing.. On the night on. which my strangest of strange visions took place, I went to bed utterly innocent of anything which might be calculated to disturb my digestion. Mentally and physically I was quite healthy, which fact makes,my dream, in the light of after events, of a still more startling character. About the middle of the night I became conscious that I was dreaming. My brain is of such a nature that it; literally speaking, allows me to take notes during sleep, and I often say to myself on such occasions, " I am only dreaming now/' ot I have dreamt this before." I attribute this rather useful faculty to the . fact that in waking moments I have habituated my- self to puzzling into the " .why ". and the u I knew that the face would haunt meformonths, perhaps years¡ butTknew aîsothat'I would have to look at ii."1 ' ' " wherefore' " .of ^ everything, which im- presses ¡me» and the mind,. to a ,certain degree, retains, its character .while clouded (or brightened ?) by sleep.. When I be- came aware of the fact that I was dream- ing, , I .found myself sitting on, a high; sand-hill; out near. Bondi., Anyone who bas been -.. in that, locality will remember how the sandrhills«? stretch away from the .beach in the direction of Bose Bay. , They are; all: of a recent geological formation, as the,harbor was.at one; time connected with the ocean between these points,, and the South Head, from :the fortifications : down to the North Bondi Head, was then an island. The night .(it was, :I thought, about KKp.m.) was beautifully clear, and ¡ the moon, almost full, poured down silver streams of. light ..> upon, the great, ; still, Pacific Ocean, which lay .at. my right hand. The top of the scrub, which lay stretched before me in: the direction of; Bose Bay, ywas beautifully lit up by : the beams of the planet.jin a way I had. never before, seen.,. At the foot of the hill was a little fiat, on which a black rabbit was playing. In my sleep I asked myself several questions about this animal, .which I knew very well at. the same time to be a mere hallucination. . The .questions had nothing to do with the stock department ; they were purely spéculative. After watching the rabbit for some time, it suddenly cooked its ears and sat up, as these rodents sometimes-do when jbhey, anticipate, the approach of any person* : '¿i Guided by this sign, I looked round and became aware that a policeman was walking leisurely ^across the sand towards the hillock. on ' which I was seated. I immediately forgot the rabbit and became absorbed in the movements of the newcomer. Of course, I wanted to know what he was doing so far away from his beat, in full uniform, and at such a late hour. Presently he came to. the foot of the hillock and, without perceiving me, stopped and looked around him. He must have lost something P : Then, as I waited, he knelt down and, -without removing his white gloves, began to ; scrape; .with both hands in the sand. With the rapidity of lightning, it flashed upon me. There was a dead body buried on the spot, and Twas -about to become the /silent and unwilling witness of some ghastly tragedy. A mah had been murdered a,nd a policeman had been deputed to unearth, the. corpse, per- haps a horridly decomposed one. Ugh, I shuddered. Now, above all things, I tremble at dead bodies. I have an in- stinctive dislike to them, although I made it my business at one time to frequently visit the morgue im order to become familiarised with death. I / hated to he. where I was, and at the same time I was chained by some tremendous attraction, which would not allow me to depart. In my sleep I. asked,, myself what was the reason pf this feeling which forces us to look at things we know will be repulsive ; to us, and in my sleep I supposed to myself ¡ that it, must be some complex kind of gruesome curiosity .that impels us. Any-, how, the thing was getting dreadf ully in- teresting., .The blue-coated guardian of the law still delved away at a gradually deepening hole (I could not. make out why he had not, removed his gloves), and my attention . became more ri vetted on the pro- gress of the work evèry later moment. The moon shone with an added brilliancy, and; I ; could plainly distinguish every movement. Gradually the policeman un- . ; covered what Í perceived to be a piece of coarse canvas. Ah 1 I knew what it was. There; was a body sewn, up in that canvas. It was np doubt-great Scott ! He . had uncovered ; the -letters " P. and O. A sailor..had, been , murdered on a P. and 0. vessel, the body had been sewn up in can- vas and thrown overboard, it had drifted about on the water till finally the repellant ocean, unwilling to be a party to the con- cealment of a crime, had thrown it up on the beach where it had become embedded in the sand. I knew what would come next , and in- stinctively I dreaded it. While I watched, breathless and horrified, the policeman took a penknife from his pocket and .began to slit the canvas away. Ugh! It was coming now; and I would be compelled, by some accursed motive power over which I had no control, to look at the dead man's face. I knew that the face would haunt me for'months, perhaps years, but I knew also that I would have to look at it. The flïst part of the body which became visible was an arm. The hand, bent and stiffened, looked ghastly in the' moonlight. Luckily for me the face was turned in another direction, and I could hot see it. I breathed a grateful sigh of relief. Alas! my sense bf relief ' was only too temporary. The policeman was about to' turn the 'body around towards me. I became as cold as ice as he again stooped ' down and grasped the dreadf ul thing by the shoulder. I held my breath. Now 1 the face. Oh, God ! With a wild, desolate cry I awoke trem- bling in every limb-THE FACE WAS MY OWN ! -?- : It is to be hoped " Little Jack Sheppard " will not be placed on the boards in Sydney again. After the crushing comment it has had from one of our heads of society, it will probably go and lift up its diminished head only in dear, naughty Paris, or some other lost city. When Miss Billie Barlow was playing here the management wrote and asked several ,leading lights of Sydney to patronise it. It is said that Lady Darley wrote to ref use her patronage, on the ground, that. she considered " it was likely to do great harm, to the youth of the lower classes in this country," and that " the more fascinating the character was made, the more mischief it is calcu- lated to do." *. * One of the principles oC fine acting is ?never to show distress or confusion under any circumstances. If an understudy has' not learned a part, the other actors will play both parts if only the substitute keeps still and does not get disturbed. A forcible illustration of the remarkable presence of mind and quickness in grasp- ing a situation, is shown in-the story of the actor : whose leading lady had con- ceived a violent dislike to him, and obj ected to his necessary :- caresses on the stage. In: the' last act he had taken her life, and had a beautiful and touching finale, where he mourns over her and fondles her head in farewell, concluding with a grand death scene, in which he .kills himself. As he bent over her appar- ently lifeless body, she muttered between her teeth, " If you touch me again I'll get up, and walk off the stage." Tenderlyj he drew her head . over , on his shoulder, and bent to kiss her, when she flounced out of his arms and rushed off the stage. For a ; moment he looked i at her in astonishment Í that was very real, then, collecting him- self, a look of great joy illumined his face i as he cried, " Thank Heaven,. she lives ! Now I can: die in peace." And he con- cluded > with his- usual realistic death scene. 