The Christmas Ilolydays. . LAST YEAR we described tho chief holyday of the Christmas season, namely, Christmas Day itself. And the manner of its solemn and merry celebration was also mentioned. Wc now proceed to say something about the succeeding holyday3 : St. Stephen's Day ; St. John the Evangelist's Day ; and Innocents' Day. Martyrs are by ecclesiastical writers divided into three classes : martyrs in deed but not in will-such were the Innocents ; martyrs in will bnt not in deed-such was St. John the Evangelist ; martyrs in will and deed-such was St. Stephen. It is strange that the Church should have chosen the joyous season of Christmas to celebrate the sufferings and death of witnesses to tho faith. Yet sorrow and joy ure kin; the "unware woe of harm" in Chaucer's phrase, treads on the heels of gladness ; and it is not unfitting that the merriment and delight of Christmas should bo tempered by sad thoughts. An old writer counsels - " Let outragions ioyousness bo changed to holsome sadnes." St. Stephen is commemorated on the 2Cth of December. Ho stood at the head of the list of seven persons ordained deacons by the Apostles, and whose office was to aid tho greater minister in the labours of the Church. The writer of Acts describes him as a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and the short account we have of him shows the description to be deserved. He was zealous in good works ; and' he was an eloquent and effective speaker. A specimen of lus oratory is reported in that terse and yet comprehensivo address delivered to the Council which condemned him, and which was listened to by a certain young man who consented to his death, but who afterwards became not less than the Chief of the Apostles. St. Stephen's Day was in old times in England called Boxing Day. Here in Australia at least the name survives. The designation was derived from the custom of persons, in the humbler walks of life to go the rounds with a box and solicit pecuniary gifts from patrons and employers. It is understood that tho boxes were earthen, adapted to take in money but not to let it out until they were "broken like a potter's vessel into many shares." The term Christmas box is traceable to this custom. It was also the fashion to exhibit on St. Stephen's Day " a merry disport" or pageant, which had perhaps something to do with the [Reformation, in the hall of the Inner Temple. Mr. Hone describes it in his Tear Book. Bevelling appears to have formed an important part of the scene, judging from the following .stanza, chanted by the " ancientest of masters" : Bring hither the bowie, .. Tlie iriimiuiifl brown bowie, And quaff the rich juice right merrilie ; Let the wine cup go round Till the solid ground Shall quake at the noise of our revclric. ' Let wassail and wine Their pleasures combine While we quaff the rich juice right merrilie ; Let us drink till we die, When the saints, ive relie, Will mingle their songs with our revelric. There is nothing specially interesting in St. John the Evangelist's Day, apart from the Apostle himself and the service of the festival. It is eelebrated on December 27. Hone men- tions only one custom peculiar to the day, a custom well described in some verses translated by Barnaby Googe from a Latin poem " The Popish Kingdom," written in 1553 by Naogcorgu3. The name is all that seems to be now known of the author, and pretty well all that is known of Barnaby Googe is that he was a poet of the sixteenth century. Here are the lines : Ncxte John, the sonne of Zebedee, hath his appointed daye, Who once, by cruetl it/rants' will constrayned was, \- they say, Strong poy son up to drinke, therefore the papestcs do bcleeve That whoso puts their trust in him 110 poyson can them greeve. The wine beside that halowed is in worship of his . name The priostes doe givo the people that bring monte for the same. And after, with the self same wine arc little manchets made Agaynst the boystrous winter slormes and sundry such like trade The men upon this solemne day do take this holy wine To make them strong, so do the maydes to make them faire and fyne. Innocents' Day, 01 Childermas, commemorated on the 28th December, celebrates Herod's massacre of the young children, an atrocity dic- tated by his desire to find among them the young Child Jesus, already once saved by the Magi from his malice. But lie is foiled in this second attempt by the flight of Joseph and Mary into Egypt, and henceforth the Child is safe from him. Sceptics have thrown doubts on Matthew's narrative, but Alford says : " They may be answered best by remembering the monstrous character of this tyrant. Herod had marked his way to the throne and his reign in it by blood ; had murdered his wife (the beautiful Mariamno) and three sons, the last just about this time ; and was likely enough, in his blind fury, to have made no inquiries, but given the savage order at once." Alford, however, thinks that the num- ber of children massacred is overstated. The appellation of Childermas is derived from a former habit in the Roman Catholic Church to say masses for the souls of the victims of Herod's fury. Mr. Hone writes : "It wa3 formerly a custom to whip up the children on Innocents' Day morning, in order "that the memorial of Herod's murder of the Innocents might stick the closer, and soe, in a moderate proportion, to act over the crueltie again in kinde.' The day itself was deemed of especial ill omen ; and hence the superstitious never married on Childermas Day. Neither was it on this day ' lucky' to put on new clothes, or pnre the nails, or begin anything of moment. In the play of ¡Sir John Oldcastle, the prevalence of this belief is instanced hy an objection urged to an expedition proposed on a Friday : ' Friday, qucth'a, a dismal day.' This vulgar supersti- tion reached the throne ; the coronation of Edward the Fourth (according to Jenn) was put off till the Monday because the preceding day was Childermas Day. Lastly, a mother in the Spectator is made to say at that time : ' No, child, if it please God, you shall not go into join-hand on Childermas-Day.' " Something, nevertheless, may be said in favour of the Day. The lawyers selected it for a period of relaxation, and on Childermas Day the " King of the Cockneys" received especial honour. The 20th and 30th December are each set apart by the Church of Rome to St. Thomas A'Becket and St. Tabrinus, but these share the day with other saints, the canonisations having been more numerous than the days available. New Year's Eve, the 31st December, is another Christmas Holyday. The term eve, or even, it may be mentioned, applies to the whole day which precedes a festival. Formerly, Christians were in the habit of keeping " vigils" on the evenings prior to certain festivals, and by extraordinary devotions preparing for the better celebration of the feast on the following day. The words " eve" and " vigil" thus grew to be almost synonymous. Now Year's Eve is not, 'however, a vigil ; for none of the festivals which occur between Christmas and Candlemas, the Feast of the Purification, February 2, are vigils. The period was one of joy, and not proper for fasting. The name " Singing E'en" applied to New Year's Eve in olden time-is supposed to be derived from the carols sung on this day. Here are some specimen verses : God bless the master of this house, And mistress also ; And all the little children That round the table go With their pockets full of money And their cellars full of beer ; And God send you a Happy New Year. And: God bless the master of this house, Mistress and children dear ; Joyful may their Christmas be, And happy their New Year. "To this day also belongs," says Mrs. Howitt, " the Hogmanay or Hogmena, which has been supposed, not without some appearance of reason, to bo a corruption of a Druid rite, while the word itself would appear to have come to us from Normandy. Gue, or Guy, is the Celtic name for ' Oak ;' and Kcysler tells us that on the 31st December the boys and youths go about the town begging for gifts, while, by way of wishing a Happy New Year, they say ' Au guy V an neuf- to the Mistletoe, the new year's come :" by which word they designate not only the season but the gift received. " In Scotland the custom prevailed until very lately, if indeed it has entirely ceased to exist, of distributing sweet cakes and a particular kind of sugared bread for several days before and after the New Year ; and on the last night of the New Year, specially called Hogmenai, the social meetings made a point of remaining together till the clock struck twelve, when they all rose up, kissed each other, and wished a Happy New Year all round. Children and others went about for several nights from house to house in guisarte, or guisards, that is to say in masquerade disguises, singing at the same time : Bise up, good wife, and be no swier To deale your bread as long's you're here; Tlie time will come when you'll be dead, And neither want nor meal nor bread. 