A Little Red Crutch. GRANDMA'S RAINY-DAY STORY OF A PATIENT LITTLE SUFFERER. " The worst of it is," said Nanette, " that there isn't any garretto this house." Nanettte was leaning on the parlor win dow, pulling the lace ourtains very much awry, and looking disconsolately out into the wet street. " I don't mind rainy days in story-bnoks." continued the small philosopher, " boeause there are always garrets in story-books, always, and little girls find the loveliest things in them when it rains-old laces, and skeletons, and things." "Skeletons I" eJaculated the listener at the other window. " My, Nan ! should you like to find a skeleton. I'm rather glad we haven't any garret, if skeletons live in garrets. But I tell yen what," lowering her voice mysteriously, and coming over to stand on the same long-suffering curtain that Nan was abusing, " there is a little shut-up place in this house that must have something awful in it." The "little shut.up place" was a closet in the third story back room. A gabled roof made irregularities in the room, and one of them developed into a dark closet. " But it's looked," objected Nanetto. "No, it isn't. I pulled it open, one day, just a very little way." " And what was inside ?" "Nothing," confessed the disooverer, "except dust and darkness. But I didn't go in, you know. I wouldn't for anything." The next minute two slim little figures might have been seen-they could not be heard-stealing up the Queen Anne stairway. Tiptoeing and covering up laughing lips and pinching each other, they reached the third story back room, and stood before the closed door. But it was not an obstinate door, and the small, cunning fingers soon had it open. Darkness and dust, indeed, plenty of both, and nothinr else to be seen. "Would you be afraid to go in, Nan?" " No, indeed; 'fraid of what ?" " Would you go back to the very darkest end?" Nan insisted that she would. "Well, then, do it," dared the other, and sturdy Nan plunged into total eclipse. She came back to the cheerful light of day with great alacrity, covered with dust, of course eyes full, nose and month ditto, apron looking like Cinderella's, and something an her hand. Winking her dusty lashes, she held up her discovery. It was a little red crutch. " Downstairs they .olattered, with noise enough to make up for their silent ascent the little crutch bobbing along each stop as they flew down to grandmother's room. The look that came into grandma's eyes, when the crutch was heold up, was very much the look Anita would have shown if the skeletop had been found indeed, or a ghost. There was clearly something to tell, and as a story on this wet day would be even morede lightful than finding a skeleton, the dear old lady was at once put in a state of siege, the crutch and two little girls sitting down obstinately before her. " One breezy day," said grandma, surren dering at discretion, " a little girl went out to the barn to swing.'{ ' ' (TO BE CONTINrED.) 