STORY PAGE. 1 LIFE FOR A LOVE A Story of To-day, ByL. T. BftElAJDE.. Author of "Soamp and I," " Castle Mary," " Boforohand," " Daddy,' 8 Boy," &c.; All Queensland Rights Resebved. . SYNOPSIS OP PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. OiurrEBS I. . to III. — Gerald Wyndluim, the eon of the rector of Jowsbury-on- tho- "Wold, and brother to a number uf doting sisters, is on the eve of marriago to Valontino Paget, the daughter of tho bond of a firm of ship brokers. Tliore is a myatory about tho engagement, for Gerald whon loft to liimsolf eays, " I'm not the first fellow who has sold bunsolf for the sake of a year's happiness. The day after to-morrow Val will boimno. A wliolo year ! My God, how short it is. My God, save and i>ity me, for afterwards comes hell." I Chapieu V. — (Continued.) ' I'm tlie greatest fool that ever breathed,' ho would aajr to himself. What would Lilias say if she saw me now? How oftou she and I have laughed over this great momentous matter, how often we have deolared that we at least would never lose ourselves in so absurd a fashion. Poor Lilias, I sup pose her turn will come as mine has come —I cannot understand myself — I must be raving mad. How dare I go to Mr. Paget, and ask him to give me Valen tine? I have not got a halfpenny in tho world. This money in my pocket is my father's. I have to come to him for every sixpence ! I am no better oif than my little sister Joan. When I am ordained, and have secured the curacy of Jewsbury-on-the-Wold, I shall have exaotly £160 a year. A large sum truly. And yet I want to marry Valentine Paget — the youngeBt hoiress of the season— the moat beau oif ul — the most wealthy ! Oh, of course I must bo mad — quite mad. I ought to shun her like the plague. She does not in the least care for me — not in the least. I often wonder if she has got a heart any whero. She acts as a sort of siren to me — luring me on, weakening and enfeebling my whole natore. She is a little flirt in her way, hut an unconscious one. She means nothing by that bright look in her eyes, and that ' Bpurklingemile, 'and that gayclearlaugh. I wonder if any other man has felt as badly about her as I do. Oh, I ought to shun her — I am simply mad to go there as I do. When I get an invitation — when I have the ghost of a chance of seeing hor — it seems as if thousands of invisible ropes pulled me to her side. What is to come of it all ? Nothing — nothing but my own undoing. I can never marry ber — and yet I must— I will. I would go through fire and water to hold her to my heart for a moment. There, I must have been quite mud - when I said that — I didn't mean it. I'm sane now, absolutely sane. I know what I'll do. ' I won't dine there to-night. I'll send an oxonsc, and I'll run down to the old rectory until Monday, and get Lilias to oure me.' The infatuated young man seized a sheet of notepaper, dashed off an inco herent and decidedly lame exeuso to Mr. Paget, and trembling with fear that his resolution would fail him even at the eleventh hour, rushed out and dropped the letter in . the nearest pillar-box. This action was braoing, he felt bettor, and in almost gay spirits, for his nature was wonderfully elastic. He took the next train to Jewsbury, and arrived unex pectedly at the pleasant old rectory lets . on Saturday evening. The man who is made nothing of in one place, and finds himself absolutely' the hero of the hour in another, cannot help experiencing a very soothed sensation. Valentine Paget had favoured Gerald with the coolest of nodB, the slightest of words, the most indifferent of actions. She met him constantly, she was always stumbling up againBt him, and when she wanted him to do anything for her sho issued a brief and lordly command. . Her abject slave flew to do her bidding. Now at Jewsbnry-on-the-Wold the slave was in the position of master, and he could not help enjoying the change. ' Augusta, wheel that chair round for Gerald. Sit- there, Gerald, darling— oh, you are in a draught. Shut the door, please, Marjory. Joan, ran to the kitchen, and tell Betty to mako some of Gerald s favourite cakes for supper. Is your tea quite right, Gerry ; have you sugar enough, and- -and — cream ? ' Gerald brinfly expressed himself satis- fled. Liliae was superintending the tea- tray with a delicate flush of pleasure on her oheeks, and her bright eyes glancing moment by moment in admiration of her handsome brother. Marjory had placed herself on a footstool at the hero's feet, and Augusta, tall and gawky, all stook- inged- legs, ' and abnormally thin long arms, was standing at the back of his chair, now and then vouturing to careRB one of -his orisp light waves of hair, with the tips of her fingers. 'It is too provoking !'_ burst from Marjory, — 'you know, Lilias, wo can't put Gerald into his old room, it is being papered, and you haven't half finished decorating the door. Gerry, darling, you might harelet us know you were coming and we'd hove worked at it day midnight. Do you mind awfully sleeping in the spare room ? We'll promise to make it as fresh as possible for you ?' .' I'll — I'll — fill the vases with flowers,' hurst .'spasmodically t from August. Do you like roses or holly book best in tall vases on the muntelpieco, Gorry?' ; 'By the way, Gerald,' remarked the .. rector,'. who . was standing leaning .. ggainst the mantelpiece, gazing com-' placently at his son and daughters, ' I should like to aek your opinion with re- ' gard to that notice on Herring's book in " the " Saturday. " Have you read it ? It struck me as over critical, but I should , I like to have your opinion.' So the cor.voraation wenton, all adoring, all making much of the darling of the (house. Years afterwards Gerald "\Vynd- . . .ham remembered that summer ovoning, : .the scent of the roses coming in at tho ..open window, tho touch of Marjory's, '"j little white hand as it rested on hia knee, Mi-..:: ' thnikinfl .o&fhalfdrritated;, half-pleased thrill which -went through him when AugUBta touched his hair, the courteous 4nd proud loolron the reotor's face when he'iraddrossed ' him', above all, the glow oE love in Lilias's beautiful eyes. He roinemberod that- ovoning — he was not likely ever to forget it, for it was one of the last of his happy boyhood, before he took upon him his manhood's' burden of sin and sorrow and shame. After tea Lilias and Gerald walked about the garden at ra-in-arm. ' I am going to confess something to you,' Baid the brother. ' I want your advice, Lily, I want you to cure bae, by showing me that I, am the greatest fool that over lived.' ' But you aro not, Gerald, I can't si% it when I look up to you, and think there is no one like -you. You are first in all the world to me — you know that, don'fyou?' - 'Poor Lil, that is just the point — that is where the arrow will pieroo you . I am going f aim a blow at you, dear. Take me down from your pedestal at onpe —I love someone else much, much better than I love you.' Lilias's hand as it rested on Gerald's arm trembled very slightly, He looked at her, and saw that hor lips were moving, and that her eyes were looking downwards. She did not make ' any audible sound, however, and he wenton hastily : — ' And you and. J, "we always promised each othor that suoh.a day should not oome — no wonder that you ' are angry with mo, Lil.' ' But I'm not, dear Gerald — I just got a nasty bit of jealous pain for a minute, but it is over— I always knew such a day would oome, that it would have to come — if not for mo, at loast for you. Tell me about her, Gerry. Is she nice — is she half, or a quarter nice enough for you?' Then Gerald launched into his subject, forgetting what he supposed could only be a very brief sorrow on Lilias'b part in the enthralling interest of his theme. Valontine Paget would not have recog nised the portrait which was drawn Of her, for this young and ardent lover crowned her with all that was noble, and decked her with attributes little short of divine. ' I am absolutely unworthy of her,' he said in conclusion, and when Lilian shook her head and refused to believe this latter statement he felt almost angry with her. The two walked about and talked together until darkness fell, but although they discussed the subjeot in all itB bear ings Gerald felt by no means cured when he retired to rest, while Lilias absolutely cried herself to sleop. Marjory and she slept in little white beds, side by side. 'Ob, Lil! what's the matter?' ex claimed the younger sister, disturbed out of her own sweet slumbers by those un usual tokenB of distress. 'Nothing much,' replied Lilias, 'only — only — I am a little lonely — don't ask me any questions, Maggie, I'll he all right in the morning.' Marjory was too wIbo to say anything farther, hut she lay awake herself and wondered. What could ail Lilias ? — Lilias, the brightest, the gayest of them all. - Was she fretting about , thei mother. - But it was' seven years now since the mother had been taken away from the rectory children, and Lilias had got over the grief which had nearly broken her child, heart at the time. Marjory felt puzzled and a little fear ful — the evening before had been so sweet — Gerald had been so delightful. Surely in all tho world there was not a happier home than Jewsbury-on-the-Wold. Why should Lilias ory, and say that sho was lonely ? to bs continued to-morbow. 