IMAGINATION IN STUDY AND IN LIFE. (London Daily Telegraph.) Jn choosing for tho subject of his address ns Lord Hector of Edinburgh University the usos to which imagination may bo put in study and in life, Mr. Goschen has made a pleasant little digression from the beaton track, which will be grateful to ears accus- tomed to the commonplaces of political talk. Tho cynic will, of course, say that nowhere aro the imaginativo powers given wider scope than in politics, and the accusation may to a certain extent be true ; but the use to which tho ordinary public speaker put those powers is morely to exaggerate tho virtues of his own party's policy and the defects of that of his adversaries. It is a rare event when a platform address succeeds in throwing over the dull details of some party controversy the rainbow hues of fancy, and when a statesman knows how to trout a subject of tho day in such a way as to make it glow with life and novelty. Yet there probably never has existed a generation ^vliich would be more grateful than the present one for an artistic and fascinating manner of saying thing3. .Mr. Goschen told the Edinburgh students that imagination should start from facts, but that it should supplement them, and not contradict them. It certainly is of considerable importance that a gifted orator, or preacher, or writer should build upon a foundation of reality, otherwiso his powers of imagination would probably do moro harm than good. No- body ought to expect the man of great imaginative genius to bo always strictly and painfully accurate. Sir Walter Scott is one of the immortals of literature, and Mr. Goschen yesterday referred to him as having given people more real insight into the past life of Scotland than all the his- torians who over existed. Yet Scott is blamed for inaccuracies in his historical por- traiture, and of these he can hardly be ac- quitted. His imagination rushed forward at so great a speed through the events of the past that he had not time to make a minute and prolonged search after details. His mistakes are thoso of a great poetical fancy scorning to be bound down in the chains oí pedantic accuracy. He was a believer in the divine right of kings, and consequently his picture of Cromwell is neither true nor flattering ; and there is no denying that he has played strange tricks with dates and personages in "Ivanhoe." Exactly the same charge may be brought against Shakspeare. Nobody thinks much " tho worse of " Julius Cæsar" because Shak- speare has chosen to introduce into it a modern clock., As Mr. Goschen very truly said, the imagination is a faculty which probably presents truer pictures than those afforded, by knowledge of facts alone. He prefers to blunder with Scott rather than be accurate with the average humdrum his- torian. In effect, this is a plea for the better writing of history, or for more his- torical romances. And few who have ever wndod through the forest of nnilluminated facts which historians call a review of past times would deny the pressing need for another Macaulay to arise. Superior persons are apt to scoff at Macaulay because he contrived to make history as interesting as a novel. The fault is not a very heinous one, and it is not common enough to be of much danger to society. It is not' in literature alone that Mr. Goschen sees the need of greater play to the imaginative faculty. In the realm of scionco ho showed how some of our greatest discoveries have been duo to the sympathetic and imaginative method applied to materials accumulated by analysis and observation. The hold of economics is not one in which the fancy is usually inclined to run riot ; yet hero the Lord Rector declared that the want of imaginative insight into the subjects with which tho political economist deals has often led to "profound misunderstandings." Unfortunately for the " dismal science," its first apostles were possessed of little of tho vision and tho faculty divine Hence it has happened that the present generation has been obliged to entirely reconstruct the science, infusing into Adam Smith and Mill some of those moral considerations which they always kept studiously in tho background. Had the imaginative and sym- pathetic side of human nature boen allowed its full influence in determining the axioms of the science, we should have been spared many of the economic evils which havo sprung from the acceptance, for a time, of tho hard- hearted " devil-take-the-hindmost" theory of human life. Tho prophets have never ceased inveighing, against the cold- blooded political economists, and the prophets have conquered. Carlyle and Ruskin have made modern political economy a better and nobler science than it seemed when first started ; and modern legislation has banished tho earlier maxims of the science to Saturn and even further off. The mistake made consisted in build- ing up a science in which human beings were concerned on a purely selfish basis. Man was regarded as simply an acquisitive animal, and allowance was not made for tho occasional play of tho higher instincts. While, however, advocating the intrusion of the imagination into the realms haunted by the ghosts of Adam Smith and Ricardo, Mr. Goschen is far from desiring that the student of the present day should take his political economy from the pages of what he styled " prophetic romances." He does not believe that either Mr. William Morris or Mr. Edward Bellamy are absolutely safe guides in reconstructing tho ideal society of tho future. Their powers of imagination are undoubted, but the imagina- tion applied to tho future may after all be only guesswork. And there is a distinct disadvantage attaching to the perusal of books which paint a coming time when human infirmities shall have vanished, and when, as Mr. Goschen remarked, every man and woman would be sublimely happy, incomparably beautiful, and imper- turbable' virtuous. The effect of such read- ing is naturally to make people utterly dissatisfied with their present surroundings and to cause them to waste on impossible hopes and longings the energy which, if rightly applied, would do something to make tho existing world a little better than it is at present. In the study of economics and social questions Mr. Goschen laid stress on the need of a disciplined imagination, of giving to the imagination full activity, but, at the same time, not allowing it to over- come tho critical faculty. For the demoli- tion of castles in the air a little criticism and a gift of humour are highly efficacious ; yet it is no doubt better to build a few such insubstantial fabrics than to allow the fancy to rust from disuse. Mr. Gladstone once remarked of an opponent in tho House of Commons that he was " indebted to his imagination for his facts, and to his memory for his wit." The scathing sarcasm was, we believe, a quotation from another and more juvenile orator, but as a polite way of insinuating that a hostile speaker is both untruthful and a plagiarist it has probably never been surpassed. To be entirety indebted to imagination for facts is a grievous fault, and Mr. Goschen, with his favourite love of statistics, would not bo the man to praise the completo substitution of fancy for fact. What he tried to impress on his .youthful auditors was the necessity of looking on life from a somewhat higher standpoint than the materialistic and prosaic. As citizens of a great Empire, ho reminded them that the power of realising the point of viow of tho'so opposed to thom was hardly less important than the faculty of forming correct convictions, and firmly adhering to them. In all the great problems which press for solu- tion in _tho political and social spheres, tho power of " imaginative fore- sight" is likely to be as uso tul to its pos- sessors as Mr. Goschen claims that it is. To be wrapped up in the " dull round" of daily duties, and not to . understand their significance and usefulness, is also a fate which Mr. Goschen deprecates. Ile could not, ho remarked, conceive tho vocation, however simple and lmmdrnin, which did not afford ample scope for the exercise of the bright faculty of imagination. Tho lesson is one which certainly ought to be more frequently inculcated. It is often desperately hard to see anything in the slightest degree ideal or ennobling in the occupations in which men find themselves immersed. Unfortunately, us a nation, we have a habit of depreciating ourselves, and the fault extends to our occupations. A class of inspiring lay preachers is wanted, who would come round occasionally and keep us up lo the higher view of life. If they could put the ideal and imaginative side of prosaic callings beforo us vividly evory . now and then, they would raise our spirits and do an incalculable service. There is no denying that routine makes everybody stale. We should not even grudge a fee to these peripatetic mis- sionaries if they did their, business of en- couragement sufficiently well. Their duty would be to show the merchant, tho stock- broker, the lawyer, or the physician the real beauty and meaning and social useful- ness of what each of them doe3. In this way a stool at a desk might be rendered almost sublime ; it would be the amplifica- tion of Herbert's poetical suggestion that sweeping out a room can be done in a spirit that glorifies even so commonplace a duty. When Swift invented the .Laputa "flappers," whose business it was to "touch up" and recall to reality the too philosophic inhabitants, ho was talking in an allegory. Tho modern world needs " flappers" to stimulate its imaginative powers in every branch of human activity-in literature, politics, and above all in tho burdensome duties of everyday life. 