Th"e Advertiser. PUBLISHoED ,EVERY TUESDAY, TDUn?DAY AND 'SATURDAY DMORNINO. Bairnsdale, Thursday, Seplteiber 1, 1892. I" the omembers of the Ministry could but read the signs of the times cor rectly, they could not fail to see how egregiously. they have; blundered in attempting to prop up the metropolis at the expoense of the country districts. Notwithstanding the large sums of money that have been expended by the Government in providing relief works: at Trades Hall wages during the. past six months, Mlelbourno is slated to beoin as bad a state as ever, and to the suffering as acutely from the unemployed trouble, as if the money had been thrown into the sea. The labor bureau is alleged to have eeno a gigantic failure-to have had the effect of attracting the unemployed from the country districts and from othei colonies, and io bave'agerhavated rather than abated the evil. The large sums which were doled out weekly in charity, though relieving temporarily a large amount of distress, and possibly saving many families from starvation, would have met the difii culty in the first instance had the Go vernment grappled with the situation properly.. and co-operated promptly with private effort in ridding the metropolis of its surplus labor. But while, on the one hand, the citizens were endeavoring to force the unemployed into the country to make them producers instead of consumers, the Government, at the bidding of the Trades Hall, opened a labor bureanu and by offering to find work in and around the metropolis at the highest rates of wages, attracted a fresh influx of population, some of whom were workers, no doubt,,buta great pro portion of whom, it Is to be feared, were more idlers. Tho' result,' as might be expectled, is that the repre sentatives' of almost all-the various organisations which were formed to ginse* sccou5- to the .distressed- have confeesed" that' theii: laudable :efforts have been bafled and checkmated, that their money is nearly all spent and that they cannot hope to accomplish any lasting good so long as' the Go vernment in effect runs counter to them bjy:filling. tlio city and the suburbs. with' people who, shouldt be encouraged -in a legitimate .way to settle in the country or accept work at' lower wages until the colouy recovers itself. :One of the speakers at the meoting of the representatives of the charity organisations referred to do clared very emphatically that the cry of the people ho came in contact with was " It is not charity we vant,' but work." But the work the Govern ment provided only benefited a certain class-men who had the Trades Hall at their back. And the conclusion the meeting came to, which was attended by gentlemen who have had great erperienco in dealing with the late distress in fMelbourneo and the system .'of relief adopted,, was that the best' remedy that could he devised to surmount the dilli culty,,so as to girveemployment to the greatest number of.people..and narticularly 'to;the class most desere ing-peopoi who would,work at same thing rather than starve-would be to hand over certain sums of money for expendituro by municipal councils: lint hero again the good intentions of. these gentlemen will be largely frus-' trated by the antion of the Govern moent, who have brought in a bill to cut down the municipal subsidies, the effect of which will be that work will necessarily become scarcer in the country districts, and that the depresa sion, which was only partially felt out side Melbourno, will spread from one end of the colony to the other. It was the sudden stoppage of all public works in the country, and the crying down of the colony's credit by the Munro Government, that was respon sible for a great deal of the depression from which the colony is at present suffering. For the Shioel Government to follow that up by reducing the municipal subsidy, and by heaping on taxes in overy conceivable way on country residents, may notko Mel bourne ot paradiso for Trades Hall artisans for a short time, but it will have the ultimato effect of making the colony bankrupt. It is inereased produation and incroased exports thiat can alonoe uablo tithe colony to retrieve itself. No choeesparing policy, nor attempts at tariff tinkering in the igloroote of the Tradca LInll, will avail. byeo the kl rhoeCOraa n MiKinlay tariff, if tcie Trades Hall is to iavo one, and nako the county, qujpport thp too tro'ioliu inotoat) of trying to make the. ttiotropajia Oylpport tlhe. country, and the uutiounl inaoces will right thmor solvoo and prosporous tiorwo i!I h nian return, to Spite ot t'arliam:ocnt-or tho Minintry. :Tho ordinary monthly meeting of theo Bairnsdalo Shire Council will bo hold to-day. f tlo6-mnorrow- nights; leclure to the students in the agricultural class at the school of mines, Bairnedalo, the subject will bo " eans and Beet.!' M r D- B. . illinam, clerit of courts, fbairnsdalo, yesterday left by the aftor noon train on a well-earned three weeks' holiday. During his absonce the duties of his oflico will be dis charged by Mr Laver, from Mel bourne. '., The Bairnsdale annual horso parade will take place next SBturday. Owners intending to parade their stallions should communicato at once with either Messrs MI. Goold and Co. or Messrs A. Macarthur and Co. After the parade some important lihrse nilen wll beo held. . " iauring the past wcok' the supplies of fish in the lakes appeared to have increased perceptibly, and-it is antici pated that some large hauls will soub be made. Anglers in the Mitcholl River have boon obtaining very good sport lately. * ODn' gintlemn,'on Monday last, landed three dozen'large-' sired bream in?a littleoover two hoursa Of 'the' Sydney' maize market `tho Daily" elegraqph reports that holders are sanguine as. to an early rise. Buyers arb meorely waitig, for the turn of the ''motlh and a ?oroe confident outlook before investing. The present price is Se Sd per bushel . . It will be noticed by the quotation of prices in. nother column of the Sydney market that Victorian factory butter was selling tlhere last week at is Gd per lb. New Zealand is one of the chief . suppliers, ofNew South Wales with butter, but latterly a very decided preference has been shown for the Victorian-made article, which in variably brings top- pricb. This is another product this district could ex port were regular steam communicao tion established between Bairnedale and Sydney.' : - - A tea meeting and conbert, in aid of the Lucknobw. Presbyterian Church, will be hold this evening in celebration of the anniversary. The tea will com-r menc at six o'clock and the concert atReight o'clock. A ntimber of voca lists from Bairnsdalo have promised their services. Prime" pens of bullocks. at yester day's 'Flemington live stock sales brought .extreme; rates; saleos being effected as high as £15 per head. The supply forward was below that of last week, which' was'the lowest for many years past, and the competitiona wae exceedingly brisk. G-ppaland owners had 700 head in the market out of 1250 yarded;" The top' price realised yesterday was £1 in 'advance of last Wednesday's price. Mr II. Footer, the member for Gippsland East, has lodged an ripplica tion with the Mines department for a bonus for thefirst load of tin delivered from the Moiint Willi tinfields.' It is suggested that the department, by way of encouraging the development of the fields, should fix a quantity on which a bonus would be paid. A ret, fund of £121 ppid. to the Cuntoinb oni' rnachlinery obtained from Tasmania to treat the oxide has also been applied for, as it isi'llegedthe' 'plant'could not have been manufactured in the colony. An adjourned meeting of the pro` moters of the Bairnsdale gymnasium was held in ,the. mechanics' institute 'on Tuesday :evening last. Mr A. A. Kirkpatrick occupied'tho chair. The' hon. secretary. reported that in accor dance with instructions given at the previous meetingg; datahbad been col leeted relative to a. suitable hall for the establishment of the gymnasium. Mr Payne had made an" offel'r f his theatre upon certain conditions. 'Mr LTolmes said that although the offerl made wascvery fair and liberal, yet beo coosidered it would be hardly fair to' determine uipon any 'actioh in .the matter until a largernumtber of gentle men, who had expressed their willing neas,,to join in.the movement, were present to record their votes. It wio` therefore proposed by Mr Holmes, and seconded by Mr J. W. Cameron, that the meeting be'adjourned to Tuesday evening next, the Oth inst., at the same time and place, and that the hon. secretary be instructed to advertise the meeting. Some figures were quoted relative. to the prices of the necessary paraphernalia and appliances, and it was found that estimates furnished by Messrs Winter and Gerloff, and by Mr Sargeant,'of' Main street, were more acceptable than those submitted from the metropolis. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. SBy, the new scale of fees under the Births, Deaths and Marriages Statute, which will come into operation to-day, the fee for a certificate on search is raised from GL to.7a Od, whilst the feeforcorrection of an entry, for which no charge has. hitherto been hiade, will be 2s Od; and the feo for registering a birth after sixty days, for which,eo charge has hitherto been made' will be Gs. It was stated at last Tuesday night's meeting of the promoters of the pro posed. Bairnedale gymnasium that be tween 80 and 90 persons had given promises in the town aloneo to join, and that there were others living out side who would doubtless become members. A meeting to properly launch the affair, which all intending members are invited to attend, will be hold at the mechanics' institute next Tuesday evening. Ifoppicking, it is announced by cablegram, has been commenced in ln?gliatl. Thn condition of the crops an a whole Ioas improved, it is stated, but mould is still presout in some parts. In the Logislativo Council, on Tues clay last, in reiply to Sir Frederick Sar good, BMr Zeal said Mr J. M. Davieo, wI;eu Minister of Justice, did give an opinion to the elfect that section 4 of Act 108O limited the application of money voted genorally to the purpose of that act. The roport of the Educa. tioil deprtmoent for 1500 did shoe that 20,154 hildreh under the legal schobloag webo attending state s:hools. School: buildings had beop enlarged, but not recently, and no now schools had boon built in consequonco of the attendanco of ouch children. If tuition ?vro not given to children under the legal ;ago,. toe avorago attoodnoce would be lowered in nall schools, and tihe classification of the staff in many schools probably reduced Theo atten= danto of childron under six years of ago did increnso the total amount the department had to pay, but such in creasdl paymont was not contrary to tho EducaDiop Act nor to the oplinion i thb to flte Minister of Tustico. Par liament, presumably with full know ledge of the circmetancees, had for 20 years voted the amount necessary for tho oducation dffanll?children in state schools within'nod-without the Ichool ago. A football match played at Ballarat on Friday, last' by Chinese, in aid of the local poor, produced a profit of A okit .o ul 1 d omploy ment for the unskilled labor of the district for eomaytieos to.cam0 is an idiinccil in oir aldvorthaii?'cgl6mna to-day as about to be commonctrd The Gippaland Wattle Bark Company has decided to have 400 4ea"of-laisd at Lake Victoria strii?'d o6f its b?irl? at oncgi ,,.T,}li 8orkm~lFg)sJi; tI by tendor and in sections to suit largo or smrall crltractors. A terrible bathing fatality is reported from Perth, where two married men were drowbedclinthe~rieonca ofithtirl wives on Sunday,,aflrpono . ha.It'w impossible to reondhlr anyii aietsiao to the unfortunato men, vhib were bath-' log in the sea, as there wSs.,no-boatsi or lifebelts or life- saving apparatus of any kind available.. -- .------.--. - A foolish-joko, which .is.-etated to have nearly resulted in the death of a young man namd. James Grogan, was perpetrated neartho Boroondara cemetery, in East Keow, some few nights since. A ghost story had been going the rounds of the district, and young Grogan, it appears, had stated to some companions that he had no fear of such objects. The following night one of the.number, raised on stilts and envqlopedt in a white sheet, suddenly confrontod him as he was passing the cemetery re'serve. Grogan sustaihed such 'a terrible shock that he staggered to n lamp post and fell in sensible to the ground. In this con dition. he was convejed to his home, and up to yesterday he had not, it was stated, recovered his senses. Th'e will of the Into Mr William Woodpmisdn, of Malvern, market gar dener, lhss been filed-inlthe office of the Master in Equity. The estate is valued at £01,000, aqd consists of £55,000 realty; and £100(0 personalty. Mr Woodmason cultivated friom 15 to 20 acres of land, which he irrigated at a cost, for water alone, of £8 per acre per annum. . Mr .C,. W...L.,.Watsou elsewhere notifies that he is prepared to receive pupils for vocal and instrumental music. He is at present staying with Mr Corbet, Savings Bank, and will be glad to meet intending pupils any afternoon this week. Mr Watson is in possession of a-nuinber of certifi cates as to his proficiency as a teacher. -i It cannot be too well-known, or too deeply impressed on the mind of the general public, that one of the secrets of S. Feilchenfeld and Co. selling so cheaply is that they live rent free: Another reason why they are enabled to sell at each' remarkably.low prices is that they bay in large.quantities for cash and import direct from home. These facts can be verifidd..by seeing the original invoices. Reaieinbor, too, that this is the losefortnight of their great clearing sale.-A?Tr ..- - Keep your horses warm, dry and n good. condition by usin I. Bull and Sons' laoise Covers. OGuaranoteed wate?t'fc.?ADTp}, 