rp [ | -p-i MYSTERY OF THE ABBEY. CHAPTER LXYI. Owls make their home ; the raven haunts each tower ; The crumbling walls are with strange echoes fill'd ; The peasant, homeward wending from bis fields, Quickens his toil-worn steps as they approach The solitary pile,—KIBWAN. When Susan descended from the chamber of Ellen, where she had passed the night, to the servants' hall of Cromwell House, she was startled at finding the warrener seated by the fire, which burnt briskly in the grate; everything else in the place bore that lonely deserted appearance which strikes a chill both on the heart and mind. With all her selfpossession, she could scarce conceal the alarm which the presence of the ruffian occasioned her. She had heard her lover, Joe Beans, speak of him frequently as a man suspected of many crimes—a fellow fitted by the malignant depravity of his heart for any act, however desperate; a ready tool for those who could administer to his ruliug passion—avarice. The honest rustic, in his moments of confidence, had imparted to her his vague suspicions that he was no stranger to the death of Sir "William Mowbray ; also his attempt upon poor old Martin in the churchyard. No wonder, therefore, that she looked upon his presence as an ill omen for her young mistress, and probable danger to herself. Will, who was probably aware of the conrtship between Joe and the pretty rustic, eyed her with a glaDco in which insult and mockery were blended ; and the idea of avenging himself upon the man whose strong arm had struck bim down glided like a serpent into his heart. " Good morning, my pretty lass !" he exclaimed : " this old house does not appear half so dull since I have seen you." "You will see but little of me," replied Susan, endeavoring to suppress her fear and indignation at his familiarity; " my time is generally passed with my yonng lady." " We can relieve you of that portion of your duty," observed the ruffian sneeringly ; < ( the silly girl has one to attend to her who will replace your services—one to t whom she is more accustomed, and quite as faithful!" "Indeed!" answered the girl with affected indifference; " the place is not so agieeable that I care to remain in it; I can return home." " Return home !" repeated the warrener, in the tone of a man very mncb amused by some absurd idea ; " of course you can— what should prevent you ? Nothing 1 nothing in the world!" he added,mockingly. " I should advise you by all means to return home—as soon as you can .'" The marked emphasis which the speaker laid apon the last words of his insulting speech caused the heart of the pretty Susan to beat with apprehensions which had never startled her innocent heart before. While uttering it, the eyes of the ruffian wandered over her person with an expression which mantled her cheek with blushes. In her distress, she almost regretted having yielded to the solicitations of her lover, and accepted the dangerous part she was acting. " We shall see what Lady Mowbray will say to this!" she exclaimed, as she attempted to leave the room. " Lady Mowbray," replied Will Sideler. with provoking calmness, " left last night for London." " The colonel, then " He accompanied her," added the ruffian. " With the exception of Miss Ellen's new attendant, you and I are the only persons in the house ; the keys are in my possession." As he spoke he drew from his pocket a large bunch of keys, and shook them insultingly in her face. " We shall te excellent friends!" he continued ; " especially at night, when the . hours are daik and long, and the wind wails and cries like a human thing through the corridors and halls of this old mansion : we shall be glad of each other's society then—I hate the nigbt l'' " Perhaps !" said Susan bitterly, " it reminds you of your evil deeds !" A dark 6cowl overshadowed the features of the warrener : he sprang from his seat, and advanced towards her, demanding, as she retreated before him : " What deed?, fcol ?—what deeds ?" In his fury, the wretch most probably vrc uld have struck hor, or have proceeded 10 some cilior HQt of outrage equally un- manly had not the door of the room suddenly opened, and a boy, apparently about thirteen years of age made his appearance: he was clad in a wretched suit of parish clothes, the most glaring imperfections of which were covered by a smock-frock; he had neither hat nor cap to guatd his head from sunshine and showers—but nature had provided him with a substitute, in the enormous mass of red, shaggy hair with which bis skull was thatched. His features were broad, flat, and inexpressive; the only sympton of intelligence was in his small, deep-set eyes, which never seemed fur an instant at rest; they glanced first from the countenance of Susan to that of the waTrener, then suddenly attracted to the smoke-jack, set in motion by the fire, which, probably for the first time for many years, had been lighted in the enormens grate. "Who in the fiend's name are you?" demanded Will Sideler. " Eh!" ejaculated the boy, with a stare of wonder. "Who are you, I say ?" continued the ruffian, seizing him by the shoulder, and shakiDg bim violently; "and how did you gain admittance here ?" " I be Remnant's boy, and looks arter the cows ! Who be thee V' Remnant was the name of the tenant who farmed the land attached to Cromwell House. This the warrener knew, and his alarm at once was dissipated. And how did you gain admittance here he continued. " Can't ye see !" replied the lad, holding up a large, rusty key, which was instantly snatched from his hand. " Who be that young woman ?'' pointing to Susan. While the poor girl was meditating how to make the intrusion of the speaker available in some manner for her protection, her persecutor, who had never once quitted his hold of the boy, drew him from the room—led him through the courtyard to the side -door, by which he had entered, and dismissed him with strict injunctions not to intrude there again, as the gentleman who had taiken ifche .place had a great •dislike to strangers. "But I beant no stranger!" observed 'the intruder. " I •know'd the house ever since I wor no older than Brindle Bet's last calf. Mother lived here in old lady's time." Without listening to any further explanation or excuse, Sideler pushed the lad through the gate, and added a blow, by way of intimating the treatment he might expect if ever he ventured to show his face upon the premises agaiD. As the door closed, Red Ralph, as he "was generally called in the village, cast a hitter look towards his assailant, and muttered between his teeth that he would return in spite of him. He kept his word. Accustomed from his earliest childhood to wander about the place, he had none of the superstitious fears respecting it which were entertained by the lower orders in Mortlake. AB he used to observe to bis master, he had never seen anything worse there nor himself—the ghosts had never hurt him; and he felt a secret pride in braving terrors which he took no small pains to propagate. Many a half-pint of home-brewed had he obtained from the wives of the market-gardeners, for relating the tales of Cromwell House. The instant the warrener left the servants' hall, Susan ran, as fast as her agitation permitted her, to the chamber of her young lady—the door waB locked. " Open, Miss Ellen I" she exclaimed; " for Heaven's sake open the door!" **1 cannot, my poor girl," replied the orphan; "I am a prisoner." The ayah smiled. " In the hands of my bitterest enemy ! continued the speaker. The silence which Ellen had hitherto observed towards her former attendant had only tended to raise the evil passions of the Indian woman, who, by one of those strange contradictions in our nature, both loved and desired to be loved by the beine the was persecuting ; but when she heard the child she had nu-tured at her' breast designate her as her bitterest enemy, her eyes became clouded ; the words struck upon her heart; the first impression was made, although she was scarcely conscious of the change herself. " Bitterest enemy !" she repeated; "because I will not see you disgrace yourself by bestowing your hand upon a churl—a peasant! Because I wish to see you rich and happy 1 Be it so 1 I can bear even that for your sake 1" Her former mistress disdained to reply to ber. It'appeared like treason to the j&»at to vindicate her choice. It was bet pride and consolation. A heavy step was j heard ascending the staircase j it was the: warrener's. The heart of poor Susan beat \ wildly with terror and disgust. Clinging j to the door, she entreated—almost shrieked j for admittance; using, in her deep agony, the words which women utter when alarmed by the approach of brutal violence, threatening more than life. " Open for mercy's sake !" she exclaimed, addressing the ayah; "as you are a woman, have pity on your sex. I never injured . you 1 Why blight my young existence ? Pity 1 Pity 1" The loud shriek which followed announced that her persecutor bad already laid his grasp upon her shoulder. Still 6he clung to the door of the apartment with desperate strength. Zira remained unmoved. The features of Ellen became dreadfully convulsed, as she listened to the cries of her humble friend, aud felt her inability to save her. Pride, resentment, all gave way before the danger of the despairing girl, whose shrieks were mingled with the halfuttered oaths of Will Sideler, whose passions were now completely roused. She cast herself at the feet of her gaoler, with the intention of imploring her interference but the words choked her, and, with a wild sob—like that which comes from a broken heart—she sank senseless on the floor. The ayah raised her, and saw, to her terror, that blood was oozing from the lips of the unhappy orphan. With the rapidity of thought she raised her desolate charge, placed her upon the couch, and then threw open the door of the chamber. The ruffim had already succeeded in dragging his victim partially down the great staircase. W« say partially, for Susan still clung with the tenacity of despair to the massive oaken bannisters. More than once Sideler had recourse to blows to induce her to quit her hold. Just as he had succeeded in dragging her to the great hall, Zara confronted him. Despite her devotion to Meeran Hafaz, her heart was not all of clay, and her womanly nature gave way to indigna- tion when she witnessed the state to which Susan was reduced. Few, judging from ber slender figure, would h&ve; imagined the great personal strength of the Indian woman. In an instant she snatched the all but senseless girl from his fierce grasp, and stood like a roused pantheress, with scornful lips and flashing eyes glaring upon him. " What now t" muttered the warrener. " Fool!" exclaimed the ayah ; " miserable fool. Is it for this that your employer has bought you body and soul—paid for your services with gold which would have gained a Brahmin's faith ?" " She is a spy !" muttered the warrener. " She is a woman !" replied Zara. " And what do you call the one upstairs 1" demanded the fellow impatiently. "Is she less fair—less young—less delicate—Je*s helpless ? I but follow the example of him we both serve." This was the second time during the morning that the ayah bad had her conduct towards Ellen reflected, as it were, in a mirror before ber—that she bad been compelled, as it were, to see herself the moral depravity into which, step by step, she had been led—and the lesson was not thrown away. " You cannot judge my motives," she said. " Nor you mine I" replied Will Sideler. " It is not that I care so much for the girl, as the hatred I feel towards her lover, who struck me—spurned, insulted—more, who threatened me ! I swore at the time to be avenged upon him, and shall keep my promise ; so you had better," he added, in a conciliatory tone, at the same time advan cing towards Susan, who clung in breathless terror to her protectress, " leave the wench with me, and attend to your own charge in the chamber above." " Save me from him !" faintly murmured the poor girl; " I have no hope but you!" " I will not fail you J" answered Zara, resolutely ; " although I have little cause to love you, for you have supplanted me in the love of my foster-child ! Back, ruffian —back !" she added, addressing the disappointed warrener; " lay bnt a finger on her, and I will slay thee as I would a 2ub from the jungle, or a reptile that had crossed my path!" It was not the first time that Will Sideler had seen the keen, sharp blade which glittered in the hand of the speaker —for, as we before had occasion to observe, the ayah never went unarmed. He knew her courage, and more than suspected her address in the use of the weapon. In the struggle which had just taken place, his neckcloth had fallen, and the eyes of Zara were fixed upon his throat, like those of a serpent meditating where to strike. He was cowed, subdued; tor, like most cruel natures, his heart was cowardly courageous only with tho helpless and anarmed. Muttering something about " women s fancies" and "another opportunity," ha retreated sullenly from the hall, baffled and disappointed—but still bent on destroying, if possible, the happiness of his enemy, Joe Beans, and the innocent Susau. On reacting the chamber of Ellen, the Indian and the rescued girl both occupied themselves—deepite the weakness and recent agitation of the latter—in recovering the unhappy orphan from the state into which the scene of the morning had thrown her. It was long'—very long—before their efforts were successful. When life returned, it was evident that the mind of the persecuted prisoner had received a shock from which it would not easily recover. At the sight of the ayah she screamed violently, and hid her face in the bosom of Susan, calling upon her murdered uncle and Henry to protect her. Each time the guilty woman attempted to reDew her attentions, the paroxysm returned, and she found herself condemned to witness her foster- child receive from another those services which her heart yearned to offer. Like many o'ber passionate natures, she had calculated only her strength—not her weakness. Dissatisfied with herself and the part she had undertaken, but still resolved to persevere, she removed to a distance, and sat silently watcbiog them. Instead of abating, the exclamations of Ellen increased in incoherency, the expression of her eyes became more wild. It was evident that fever had seised upon her brain. Susan was in despair, and Zara—the conscience-stricken Zara—truly wretched. Her crimes became their own avenger. A light step was heard upon the 6tairs. The sufferer, with the quickness of in- sanity, recognised it; ii was Meeran's. With a shriek which made the walls of the old chamber ring, Bho sprang from the arms of Susan, and wou'd have dashed herselfihrough the window tn avoid him, had not the ayah intercepted her, and bore her back to the bed, upon which she replaced her in a state of insensibility. It was fortunate that the guilty woman still retained her presence of mind. Leaving her charge to the care of the weeping girl who hung over her, she left the room soon enough to prevent the entrance of her persecutor, whose presence she felt assured would cause her death. Raising her finger to her lips, to command silence, she motioned bim to retrace his steps. The young man wonderingly obeyed her. " What has happened ?" he demanded anxiously. " The hound," replied Zara, speaking in tho figurative language of the East, " has presumed to hunt on its own account, and startle the deer reserved for its master." " What mean you ?'' A few brief words put him in possession cf all that had taken place; the ruffianly conduct of the warrener, the danger of Susan, and the state into which it had thrown the unhappy object of his persecution and love. As the ayah concluded the latter part of her narration, the usually impassible countenance of Meeran Hafaz became dark with passion. Bitterly did the proud youth feel the degradation of the association into which his evil genius had betiayed him. It was a fortunate thing for Will Sideler that he was not present at the outbreak of the storm, whose lightnings would have scathed him. " Dog!" exclaimed the young Indian, his eyes glancing round the ball as if in search of the object of his wrath. "Miserable villain! Was it for this I bought and trusted bim 1 l'il trample the life from his hideous caTcase, and leave his felon limbB to blacken in the sun." " You dare not I" observed Zara calmly " Dare not 1" he repeated scornfully. " You are in his power 1" added the woman. " Oh that my child had never visited this accursed land 1 Had she re mained in India, her young heart would have known no other iove—you wonld have been free from crime as well as danger—and I happy in the union of my foster-children, which now appears a dream —a hopeless dream 1" Meeran eyed her for an instant suspi ciously. " A dream which shall be realised 1" h exclaimed, advancing towards the staircase which led to the apartment of Ellen. 1 " The only hand which eould oppose it," quietly observed Zara, "has passed between you!'' " Whose?" " The band of death !" she calmly replied; "its shadow is already over her 1 At the sound of your step she sprantz from the bed, and would have found refuge in the grave fiom your approach—by dashing herself through the window—had I not prevented her; your presence at once destroys her!" The heart of Meeran—in which every generous impulse was not yet entirely ciusbed—sank fearfully at her words; for they convinced him how deep most be the love of the orphan for his rival—how hopeless his chance of supplantiog that love; true, he might obtain possession, by violence, of her hand and person—reconcile her, perhaps, to a dull and soulless existence; but win from her the exchange of heart for heart—the sympathies which twine tho hymeneal chain with flowers, make suffering pleasure, and gild the snows of age with springs sweet sunshine—never —never! As the conviction gradually pressed upon him, then commenced his punishment. Ellen was ill, suffering—perhaps dyingyet he dared not visit her, lest his voice and presence should in an instant snap the slender thread of life—or, in the desolation of her soul, the fever of her brain, her lips should curse him. Should he call in medical aid, all would be discovered— and yet to risk tLe loss of her. Meerau Hafaz clasped his hands to his burning brow, tD hide the tears which, despite his pride and passion, loll lik© drops of molten lead upon his cheek. The ayah was moved by the agony of her foster-son. At present she was a stranger to the promptings of her Offn heart—she heard its whisperings, but without comprehending them. " She must be saved, at all risks /" murmured the young Indian. " Leave her to me," replied the woman ; "thou knowest that I possess no mean skill in herbs and plants of many virtues. I have sat too oft beside the couch of those I loved not to discern tbe approach of death—the gradual dimming of the eye— the fluttering pulse—the moisture of the skin—the hard-drawn breath; such signs appear " ' Send instantly for the best advice gold can procure 1" interrupted Meeran. " Day and night a horse shall be saddled in the stables! I shall leave Zadag"—this was tbe name of the Indian boy who attended him—" with you. Stay !" he added, the fear of losing her blinding him to every other fear; " I wiil seek and bring you aid myself 1" So saying, he rushed like a madman from the house, to give orders for his departure. He is worthy of her 1" muttered the ayah, with a look of affection ; " and never shall another call her bride 1" Then, as if some secret monitor reproved her words, sb e added slowly; " unless the bride of death 1" Full of this resolution, she returned to the chamber of tbe suffering girl. CHAPTER LXVII. Friend ship, like lore, is oft the hollow mask Of a more hollow heart. Words are the coin With which men cheat their fellow.men. Fools only trust, to be deceived. —Heib of the Sept. Ten days elapsed before Doctor Kissock, who really took a deep interest in the progress of his patient, ventured to give any positive hope of his ultimate recovery. Meanwhile the Roman police pretended to use every exertion in order to traca out the assassin; but, as usual, withont success. They had been too well paid to compromise each other. It is rarely, very rarely, that those who attempt the life of a foreigner are brought to justice in the Eternal City; consequently, the tariff for assassinating a foreigner is much lighter than for a native of Italy, or a citizen, who have generally friends to clamor loudly, and stimulate, by their indignant remonstrances, the laggard steps of justice. . During this anxious interval, Henry Ashton was a close prisoner by the bedside of his friend; who would receive no medicine but from his hand, nor permit— with the waywardness of suffering—any other to smooth his pillow. Fortunately tbe fever which supervened was slight,, and, at tbe end of the tenth day, totally disappeared. Then it was that the kind-hearted physician ventured to express his first decided hope. e Amongst the visitors which interest or cariosity drew to the hotel, none weie more constant than Robert Martingale; truq he was not admitted into the chamber of the wounded maD—bat our hero contrived when he came to quit it for an instant, to press him by the hand, thank him for bis sympathy, and express how deeply he telt the friendship which displayed itself at such a moment. He even commissioned him to make daily inquiries for him at the post-office for his long, anxiously-expected letters from England. It was not till the fourth or fifth day that the arch-deceiver ventured to present him with one which he had fabricated, from Ellen; he smiled as the deceived lover pressed the superscription to his lips, and murmured, in accents which indicated how much they relieved his heart: " Thank Heaven !—at last!" We presume that it is scarcely necessary to explain to our readers that the correspondence of the lovers had been suppressed at the post- office—by bribing the employes. At Home such persons are generally so wretchedly paid, that they would not only risk their appointments, but their salvation to boot, for a handful of ducats—and Martingale was most liberal. Possessing the letters thus cruelly intercepted, it became no difficult matter for an expert master of caligraphy like himself, to imitate the band and even the style of the artless writer. ." You smile I" he said, as our hero eagerly perused each line of what he believed to be the writirg of Ellen. " Pleasant intelligence, no doubt!" he added; " and not the less welcome for having been so Ions delayed I" " Welcome—most welcome!" exclaimed Henry Ashton ; " it has relieved my heart of the worst agony—suspense; informs me of the recovery of a dear and valued friend from a dangerous illnesB; the writer, like myself, has been chained by affection to the bed of sickness 1" he added; " but, thank Heaven, every cause for aneasiness has passed!" The emissary of Meeran Hafaz was secretly delighted at the gullibility of his dupe—at the tact with which he bad deceived him. So cleverly had he described the pretended illness of Sir William Mowbray, and the cares and fears of his niece that the confiding youth doubted not for an instant but the letter was from Ellen; and not a word which did not breathe the deep and earnest love of the grateful girl for her second father. Little did he imagine that the baronet had been for weeks the tenant of an untimely grave. During the long hours he had passed by the,'couch of Walter, Henry Ashton had occupied himself in drawing up a statement of the melancholy circumstances under which Lady Mowbray had been induced to accept the veil—the extraordinary disappearance of her child, whom for many years she had been led to believe safe in the arms of its father—and concluded by a demand for a dispensation from her illconsidered vows—or, if that were refused, permission to visit England. This, as bis friend was still progressing favorably, he resolved to lose no time in forwarding to the Congregation of Bites, to whom such demands were usually preferred ; for which purpose he sent for a procurator. The man was an honest one. ' " Have you any interest to back your memorial 1" he demanded, after he had carefully perused the papers. " None," replied our hero, " but the justness of my prayer." His visitor shook his head. " What!" exclaimed the indignant youth, " a wife—an English matron—foully lured from the arms of her husband—her son, the heir of one of the noblest names and fortunes in England, disposed of—no one knows how i Such an appeal cannot be permitted to remain unanswered!" " It will be answered," replied the procurator, with a smile. And how?"' "Unfavorably!" replied the experienced legist; " the prayer itself is most unnsuaL But that is cot the greatest difficulty," he added; " the Abbate Lucas is a member of the Sacred Congregation to whom it is addressed." This was a blow which Henry had not expected; he determined to persevere, nevertheless, and directed the procurator to forward the memorial. In a fortnight it was relumed under an official cover; the demand was rejected. " Henry," said his friend, who saw, despite the effort which he made to conceal it, that something had occurred to irritate and vex him, " I must insist upon your once more mltgliug in the world. I eri better—tnuoh better, now 1 I know V v experifltije how wearying are the long davi and sights pawed in a sick chamber, even when suffering enchains ns there; in health they must be doubly irksome." " Irksome!" repeated Henry, in a tone of deep feeling; " r, dear Walter—no !" " Not to friendship, Harry," continued the invalid, with a faint smile, " but to love—to duty, if you will. I know not what has occurred, but something, I am sure, which gives you the desire of freedom—action. I can read it in your eyes," he added; " therefore it is vain for your lips to deny it!" Our hero could not deny it—therefore remained silent, " If only for a few hours," urged Walter; "Martingale will, I am sure, remain with me!" (To be continued ) 