THE JAPANESE M.P. Japan has borrowed Parliamentary institutions, amongst other luxuries, ?from the West; and, since human nature under all skins is pretty much the same, the Japanese I.P. quickly develops all the familiar vices of the M.P. under other .skies. He '.'wobbles": and . ''.dodges ;',..he ''sits on a fence ;" he joins ,;with his. fellori legislators' in ":log-rolling" perfor mances on tho largest scale ; and having once 'secured his scat, ho calmly ignores his constituents until the next election is 'in sight. But Japanese constituents deal faithfully with thoirguiltyroprosontatives According to Mr Rudyard Kipling, "a R'adical Member of Parliament at Tokio .has just got into trouble with his Sconstituents, and they have sent him a priceless letter of reproof. Among other' things, they point out that a:. 'politician should not be ',a .vaterweeod, which wobbles hither and thither according ' to?' 'the' mo tion of the stream.' Nor should he 'like a ghost. without logse, drift along before the wind.' ' Your conduct,' they say, ' has been that of both a water weed and a ghost, 'and we purpose in a little time to give you proof of our true Japanese spirit."' This.particular member of Parliament, 'Mr Rudyard Kipling reports, "will very probably be mobbed in his 'rickshaw and 'prodded to'- inconvenience with swor~d-sticks ; for the constituencies are .most enlightened. But how in the world can a man under these skies behave ex cept as a waterweed and a ghost: It is in' the air-the 'wobble and the legless drift." Climatedoes, no doubt, affectvirtue, in a most surprising manner; but have we not amongst ourselves honorable members who resemble " drifting 'water-' weeds" and "legless ghosts," even without the poor excuse of the enervating Japanese climate ? It is in the air, even in this colony-" the wobble and the leg less dri,t "-and who alas ! can invent a cure for it ? These Tokio radicals, how over, have at least enriched the political vocabulary by one or two deliciousi phrases. ' 