CAULFIELD SHIRE COUNCIL, Wednesday, June 29. Present - Ors. Long (President), Lloyd. Wood, .Akhurst, Cotton, Pennington. Holland Kirkham, Looker, Griffin. Riddell, and Sharp. CORRESPONDENCE. From Moorabbin Shire Council, agreeing to share cost of culverts in North Road.-Received. From W. M. Elkins, on behalf of W. J. Bisdie asking council's consent to alignment of Warragul Road. Referred to engineer. From Victorian Railways fdrward ing report re drainage at Kambrook road crossing.-Referred to Engi neer. From same, declining to move mound of red marl at Caulfield rail way station.--Received and left to engineer to use his influeico with the Commissioners and to- state it would give employment to unskilled laborers. . From same declining to reduce account in connection with drainage works at Elsternwick Station,.-Re ceived: From =Western District League, asking co-operation re, proposed export duty on sheepskins,-Left to Ors. Pennington and Wood. , Frnom M. H. Clifford, drawing at tention to insufficient drainjge on Point Nepean Road,-Referred to Engineer. . FromHese Sanitary Co., re night soil removal and destruction stating they were still prepared to carry out their contract at 26s. per pan. per annum for first three years and 23s. per pan afterwards.-Received and deferred for further consideration. REPORTS. Finance Committee recommended payment of accounts amounting to £2891 19s. 3d. as also that tenders be called for 600 yards of spalls such to be broken by ratepayers and resi dents who at present are numbered amongst the unemployed.-Adopted. Public Works Committee's report induced some considerable discussion eventually Cr. Cotton moved and Cr. Wood seconded that the report be received and adopted except the clause dealing with nightsoil. The committee recommended that Mr. P. Meaney's tender for the removal of excreta at £1 per pan per annum for 4 years. He agreeing to find a site and trench the nightsoil on a similar plan to that adopted by Moorabbin. It was decided to call for tenders for the removal of nighteoil. Mr. Derham reported the receipt of £3u7 and Mr. Power of £30 3s, Sd. for rates.-Reoeived and adopt ed, TENDERS. The following tenders were accept. ed-For supplying 20 lamps, 0. Oakley, £35; for supplying 25 lan. terns, J. Newing, £15 12s. Gd; works in Meaney street, J. Ilbary, £75 19s. 3d; do in Malvern Grove, B. Brown, £59 5s.; reconstructing Koomang road, Meade and Sons, £258; constructing drain through Snowden's paddock, J. Ilbery, £105;6: 16 chains of channelling Glen Hnnt ly road, J. Ilbery, £45; forming and paving lane off Kooyong road, 0\. 8. Williams, £49 19s.; and Lane off Hartington street, Walker £20. cIIS0ELLANEOU5. An application from Mr. Power, for the use of the shire hall for a concert next month in aid of the dis tressed was granted. Several unini portant works were ordered to be done andthe secretary's explanation re Hornme's arrears was considered eatie factory. TI1AT OflOBT. Cr Sharp moved and Cr. Kirk ham seoonded that-a roward Of £5 be offered for the capture. of the person playing ghost. - This was opposed by Crs. Wood Cotton; and rejected by the President who saidithe council had no power to vote mioneyfor that purpose. Cr. Wood then.moved and Cr. Cotton secondea which was c r ried amidst general confusion, that the Chief Inspector of Police be asked to grant extra police protection. During the discussion it was:stated that the ghost was not a myth, that ledies and children were terrified, that a certain policeman had thought he had found the ghost but it turned out tb be only a white-faced cow, and last of all it was said that a women had lost her life through the ghost and if so, should the person playing ghost be caught he would have to answer a.very serious charge. - 