ALISON'S HERO ; A ROMANCE OF FACTORY LIFE. Br KEITH CHEIBTIE. CHAPTER XXIIL—[Concluded.) Bo Alison began to sing, and the dull murmur of the waves played an organ accompaniment to ber song. It was eerie but beautiful too to send her wild voice pealing through the night, with the stillness of ocean spaces and the beat of ocean musio all around her— Ob, Majy, go and call the cattle home? The mournful echoes chased each other like shadows at sunBet across the wide reaches of the ead and desolate bay. To Alison the weird melody seemed to blossom from the silence as overhead a star, the first flower of the nightfall, blossomed from the darkness. Ob, Maty, go and call the cattle home Acrols the sands of Dee 1 she sang, and the words throbbed with music as the star with light. \- Suddenly May's grip on her hand tightened, and she clung shrieking to Alison, fcr a loud unearthly cry broke the stillness, and silenced her pealing notes. Alison's nerves were strong, but she became cold as death as she xeoognised Dr. Murdoch's voice. She could see nothing to cause her alarm. The wet sands stretched away to meet the . white surf that was like an ermine border on the dark robe of the shrouding sea, Th; ruined walls of Bedcastle rose dark againss the dark skieB. Was it from the castle that those terrible cries had oome ? A ghost might well haunt it, for its traditions swept back from ft historio past, and faded into the d ~nness of legendary ages. Even now darksboiles ; lingered around the ruined pile. At midnight the tramp, tramp, of the'warder going his monotonous round had been'heard, and sweethearts returning from moonlight rambles had told awesome stories of warriors clad in glittering mail that paced the walk, and of ladies whose silken trains swept along the raised corridors. Voices had echoed ther^ too, and the clanging of the prisoner's chain, the trooping of armed men, or the sound of dancing feet had been borne to the ears of the cottagers who lived almost in the shadow of the castle walls. The unearthly sounds might well come from that haunted spot, or from some wanderer in the lonely graveyard of St. Skae's. Again they heard a horrible cry, and in growing alarm the girl looked towards the south. She could see nothing to acoount for the voice. The lights of Etheihaven twinkled before her like friendly reassuring eyes, and the tall cliffs rose frowning and silent above the little hamlet. " Some one must be on the road hurt," Alison said. '' Come, May, we must go and see." She seized May's hand and half dragged her across the sand, up the little brae, across the intervening space, and on to the road, and there lay a dark figure still and motionless. Alison stooped and looked at the face of the prostrate man, and then her own face became white as that on whioh she gazed ; far before her, pale and lifeless, with blood pouring from a wound in his temple, lay Dr. Murdoch ! Deftly and swiftly, without pausing to think, she made a pad of the grass and moeB on the roadside, ana bound it with her handkerchief round the head of the unconscious man; then, when she saw that she had stanched the bleeding, she looked up at May despairingly. We muBt get help at once for him. Oh, May, what shall we do V May t?egan to cry. "I dont know, it is so dark and lonely. Oh, Alissn, there's a carriage; it is father!" Just in the moment when she was most needed Mrs. Lindsay turned up. She had oome out with Dr. Lindsay in search of the three, for the horse had returned to the stable with the empty dog-cart in which Dr. Murdooh had driven out to meet the girls. "There's aProvidence in everything?" she exclaimed, as'she knelt down and saw the insensible figure of the doctor. McNab has got a warrant for the poor lad's arrest, bnt he'll have to wait till I have had him in my hands a week or two. Now, father, drive to Ethiehaven and bring some men. We'll just put him in the wagonette and drive him home to the house." He was accordingly taken to Mrs. Lindsay's house, and was pronounced to be suffering from simple conoussion of the brain. Mrs. Lindsay was in her element—she had undisputed possession of a patient, and, rare good fortune, one who was a medical man! After his diagnosis of Murdoch's condition, Dr. Lindsay was banished from his partner's bedside. He made an ineffectual protest, but he was not in it when an encounter of wills took place between himself and his little wife, and he meekly submitted. He betook himself to the surgery with a humorous twinkle in his eye—after twenty years of married life it still amused him to see how easily that infinitesimal woman could turn him round her little finger, and there Mrs. Lindsay found him an hour later patiently enorin? over " Erichsen on Concussion." She looked quizzingly at him ; but she had a wifely; respect for his medical pursuits, so Bhe left him undisturbed and withdrew softly. Mrs. Lindsay had scarcely left Dr. Murdoch, who was still unconscious, when he opened his eyes and looked confusedly round him. The room was unfamiliar to him, and there was a strange rushing and surging in his ears that made it impossible for him to think at alL He felt his head dreamily, and drew from it the bandage, at which he gazed—curiously attracted by a mark npon it, "A.D., 1885." "Anno Domini, 1885," he said, vaguely. " Now, why in the name of goodness am I labelled the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and eighty-five ?" He could not solve the problem, and the effort to think only increased the confusion in which everything was involved. He closed his eyes wearily, and Mrs. Lindsay found him muttering, the handkerchief still in his hand. "And a miracle he has not started the hemorrhage again," she oried. She sponged his forehead and applied a proper bandage, for she had left undisturbed the one Alison had improvised, and the doctor revived and looked at her. "H'm! I see you are all right. Now, drink this, and go to sleep." He took the draught she gave him, bnt did cot obey her command. What has happened, Mrs. Lindsay ?" " I'll tell you everything; but not a word, mind ! I'll not allow one word!" She looked fiercely at him, but the doctor only mocked at her. " Come now, Mrs. Lindsay, no professional claptrap for me; remember I'm one of the faculty. Answer my questions, and then I'll obey you." "Get your own way, then youll do as I like. Upon my word, you are getting womanly." The doctor took no notice of the sarcasm. "I know I've had a nasty fall. That confounded horse shied, and I don't know what -came next. Stop! Who was that singing ' Oh, Mary, go and call the cattle home, across the sands o' Dee?' No, it was Lunan; but was it Lunan, or the sands o' Dee?" He was growing confused again, and Mrs. Lindsay stopped him. " Wait, and IH tell you all. You were thrown from the trap and cut your head. Alison Dean saved your life by stopping the hemorrhage. Tou are in my house now, and you'll not get another word from me tonight" The jerky tones stopped suddenly. Mrs. Lindsay shut her lips, and looked as though steam-power would not force them open again. But the doctor had no wish to test her resolution. He closed his eyes, and apparently relapsed once more into unconsciousness. Mrs. Lindsay looked anxiously at him. " He's just a boy, dear lad!" she said, passing her hand tenderly over his tumbled hair. " He's just a great boy, dear lad. Please God bring him out of this trouble, to make some good little woman happy." A drowsy murmur esoaped from his lips, and in a trice the little lady banished her sentiment and stooped professionally over him. "Alison Dean," she heard. "Alison Dean, by the grace of our Lord, eighteen hundred and—in the year of our Lord ; Alison Dean— Alison." Mrs, Lindsay stood upright. " In the name of our Lord, amen!" she said. There was a knock at the door, and May stood outside with a terrified face. " Mother, there are two policemen downstun ; they have a warrant, and want Dr. Murdoch." 