3teml. of 3nterest, I Osn of tio manny uses to which paper it mow put that of making gas pipes. I Mlanlilhl paper is cut in strips equalling in width tholoilgtl of the pipe to be node. i These are ipaESed through a vessel lilletl with melted n phnllto, and then wriapped firmly and uniformnly round an iron core, unt.il lthe oennquired thickness is attnined. The pipe is Sthien subjotced to ipowerful Ipresour, after which the outside is strown over with uand and l.he whnolo cnoled in water. The core is lien rlemolllc.n, and tlhe olutsidei of lihe pipe o coanrl witll n waterproofeomposition. T hee, of piper arce clanied to bo perfectly gaslight, a and are tid to bo much chienper than i "on' innpos. y Sone oGermna scientists hnave recently fur o niahed information in regard to the ages of otrees. 'TI'ey assign to then pine tree 500 to 7001 yenr s 0 tihe nInaximulm, *.1V years to the silver fir, 275 years to the larch, 2I15 years to t Ilel red hIeeh, 10 to the alupn, 200 to thei Sbirch, 170 to the ash, lnd 1.15 to the nlder, and I:10 In toi clin. 'JTheo heart of thie oank Sbegin? , a nat bo a bout the age of about 3100 0 year. 'The holly ink lI lonno esnpes n lhin laiw, I it is said, nlid tllero is in! extelenlel nieur Asclflienbulrg, iln cerlmnllny, :1 treeo of tisn ihnnl which hinnn alttained the gool 410 years. r terle las clurcrh in tie town of loilgeln, a Norway, tIhab is built entirely of pallper. It cnlln sent 1,000 personns inh comnorit, and lilRs Sbeoon rendlered waterlproof by n solutionl of quiicklime, curdled nilk, and wlhilo of egg. oful scioentillfio ' evoigtiaons shllow thal, tlhe.? ineerngo npieod 'fp thri tranni'mlishionn of narnlitnnmko eclnOCs i" nearoly 10,000 feet per The fnllowing wanrning to suicldes is exhi bited inl tieo province of lolntenegrlo :--"All lpersonl whrno Itali their lives nrl to be leelnrlald dishonoulrnbl., Their clrpses rill'e to be sltllnlg to gallow's, in riow' of thlie public, for tIwenlty- fnour honrst, Suicidel is unnworthy onf a' .1lnrteoe''in. (oll lola hilts powerl over ia lonnn's ife, which flarse hL siacrilired only onn tho battleietl, nll declelee of Ihis racountry. The Chinero Ilhav'e all elaboratoe sysloennl for t hi inn'linretlation of dreamns. To be whiilpped by ngodl orl devil they regard nas eCxtremely inllinlcky, whilo to enlter it lelnlie miandl see I the godns movinlg nlabo is considoretl lucky. 'iTo dr'ennn f id iglhinig with wande'ring ghosts lnmealns Ithm, OlU will lir to an oll urge, 1 iilvltion Armliy's exprlesive descriltiul of it wrcenk's work ot l,erls : -" Indescrih aIble limes in litedl ?lnl eclllrltillni six conlne. t Victory I" Senlls, whlien baskingr, plneo sIon of tlheir Snumber ol grlll' to give tio Illllrm in eInse Sof idanger. Th'l ne sigrnill is a quick c inp of ,the Illppr oi a n it rock. Wil rbibits signnal r with thleir fo'rcIlaR'eI, ndll hlave'o regulns',ig nnll-is uandt canils. r An ilnllesinn well was olmne years ago nnlllk Soiln the beach nl, S?tll ilnlrunventnrn, Cali t fornia, live feet front hiigh.wateor manrki. AI nt depth of ibout osne ilhundred inil furl.y three feet; a strong flow of warnitcn was olblininle, ePiouiing thirty feet, above tlhe ground. Some fish were observedl inll lle I w'lsto wsaler, al n anni examinion of theII well Sreveenid ithe fnet thint It wias filled with younnig trout. ''llnhy were porfecytlyevelolped, r eyes nldll nil, n iia neured about two inllchel Iin lelglnh. Tllhousandls of litheln wereo thrown Souti by cnnhin jet, 'Tho tlnlpelrt of thlie well watenr in iboutl sixty-folln' degrees f inhrlellllneilt. 1 is boliovedl lhnltlo 0ishe iimay Slave conlle friolm tile hlnl-wlatel rs of the San?utni COlarn Rliver by ?omlo nb1itloe'rallneanI outlet; tI, hitl, t'runmo itself is severai'l miles diistalnt from tLh well. SIn Tulrkey, tr'wenty 'Cears o, 111011 n w''re lna ngedi for lrifles; traltesnmn iwho sold short.l I weight might be nalliled by tie er' to tlheir a rown ioo'polnt; aonlld ietty thieves, nri well its I men shi whoe'e importinoenlt to ollicials aor who i re'flluse to ipay Lheir tnaxes twice overl, were basltinnadloedl oin lie soles of th-o feet. T'his aSInt Ipinlnisihminelt, by tine waily, wis light or Sciruel, niecorllinlg n tis i patientll rnns nccuns oI toned to go barefoot or to spoend his lifo in barouchesn. T'lh waner-carriers, piorters, oLl'etl fi'uit-sller', and pIaenluants gonolr'lly, 'whnose soles were iike I horn, enred(l little for I wentyll.-inv cuts with a bLamtlboo; but nL la tralldenr e leriok1 ainld womenne the stripies s ere' xsrccuinlinigliy paiiful, anld broulhLt Swcelns of Ihunineeiss. 'lho present 'liltannl ]as I aboli she the Illstilndo in the lh ilE'nroipenl partl Sof his drinninonns, and il'l nctial'y Ioils n ynr all with capiil punnishmiuent, xceplOfor brio in - age and for l nttelmpils at as- sssirniatiung highi ollicilll+. WVhile n liaiin lolls decreased in pubnlic use lby aboLt 11,000,0001. In IS1)I, the coni?stulapn . lion of C(oyo le t hsn incretsed by no lees than 10,11i t0,10001b., or -8 per cenlt. In ]'llnglnnlli l d W\lles 8,1170 mniles of rail Ii'y nut of 11,011 iniles r dilouble lines i're , workedl ol Itho block systloln. IIn Scotlandlli n'actlically tLhe wholo of tliho iilionglo is Sworked oin that system. IIn tI'rncUe last yoaur theroe were killed 401 cwolves, of whlich 191 were full-grown' 0 nUimns antld i3 cuibs. Tin? Hrhoinlt paid for ltheir' destructioln wAis £1,13, nt tile rate of £, for at full-riown anhimal and CI 12s. for ol A lparas'ol, intendedl io a proesent for tlie Sulitan of Morocco, uts a stick whlich is over 3 ?} yards hlong, and is gilel and nl ricly ornlln. niinliletl. mThe Olltido of tlhe pinrnnsol is of bright greenl silk, with it hLoney gold fringe round it, while the iinsidle Is lincl With liitle B Straw colorn', 'therer Is ta eiurnIion nake(lfydraR I yeli) in Sotuth Ariin lthai lives wholly ulpon iirnds' eggs. Itas i lo teeth or sgnII of teeLth inl StrllO moul,, tiro whole dlenial irraly being o Iodeteid il tile stlonnclih. Ioo lunlll v o S\ltllln ous of collo tnl her i lnys .i.. oto O'1 hig el'ts. t'ine luror wcddimng ef nfloi,tllurolno an rrl 'nens eloinlltod rooothly t Iis nnllns lleOn tre lcighii, Norr'nny f dlon llro' 1 leg elytlliri fioros fn i I' Vrntlhi ir oessoor" nny lirs. irleo snrig eioo oI Iror lnsbawo 'ebI no t ngS. ' nr InIn llNtera blnaoi in r0Ose nrt Cd for COenr'ch'lg eolllnJs, tim clolit boht'i p mink ehnntlo mmhen tIfo sincscetl ri te anotild oo r yoUrg inoinort, I crliissn colonr o rotpo nWlluI rlld jln) arOn' for' bohlr tlio nubjecb of ninrnny e1rnnnrimo'ilern, reoivens it inn unolnthliy hirsltnhinenls, Oli lie :iltir doy ofeVOeey ronltli Ilho '.'"onrs'oi' of tiho rlnitettl Slntcitnol?oitd to thim tilso IlonioS o elienlrlo for ',liii dolilrn, Mr, Jules leoli tlry, Lton gocb 1llni~l snrllngn rhinnori rlns ioft mlmt le lPorelnia sl otn uigoes illlnnhiieiinli fortunno oner s'nnlmo In l'rnueCo, Ilfe wr'enlt is n cetirnnrneni n01 ii10r000l0 fla n'c (£LX,100,000), Ifow nilohn of tlrttllt norlllnorn IliyOla inn ltn ornlm of nrrgnri' bnornntllen it Inouhri Blmnor Cnrrlo litle, tire s'-wi.inno+n'r Itltlili Iatnlonli irns died In, olal I'l0r rllr'lcllnllcr, rni ULroin. ilroi'illotl {tnloon n Inrorolnhenie Irlln, t inn tire eilnnriellnefri n oxloerlltlo inln hllrlrt ri(nn1'i inn Cnlabrlan wmhtohc irs ongniniied inn 1807 by ?iiin'l orrllNlloltaa arml tioreit IhtitiInr inn tlno sine riOlr'stWn'pn'Olr lll, intm lho nrilnrlo', en e elld i n," Some ingenilnsl contrivantee' are used Iy thieves. The latestc Ionno like ni ordinary I wlking-.tiek, lbut is Ilo nt erltuint thait, by Ip'ssettig a lpll'llg at I.hoti haIdle, the foerrul call spread ap.url tnd form at Nutt of spri?g? sIIp that till take Iluld of anythlingti Ihat is iwithuin reach. Th thiling is ealled "Lhe Coniinental liftingsltick,"cltan is lced to tkue gonds fromt lbehinld counturs whin tle asop Illmn' back is turned. A As most ipeoplel are aware, the baromleter 8 exhibits daily vu'ariations. In the trollics these are so regOularn thll? he hour of the daily may bo asnertillted from the height of the nimercury without all error' of ior thllan Sfifteoen or sevoliteen minutes on thie taveralge. e I reat BIlitaii therel tro two maximalll, e occurring from 0 to 11 na.. and fromt I to 11 p tn., Lhe two nitninin g timed from 3 to l a.m. arnt from i3 to li pi). LButL, after examining a series of obOservations ill the polatr regiolln, lUr. uchnlinds that, inl the extreme sinorth alll southll there are only onet tIaxilnlln llland 0110 Illilltullllu lli d hi n lillday. 'T'leso lllat rel'el to the sea. 4lhut, in Illh e illteior of tlho 'ols r colntients thetlo tare ell.so Is singl it illllll i i illillllllll I Ithogli these occulr lit, tiflorelli, titmes of Ihie hilty froml tLhe oceanl maxilmlu iiiltl and itilllilllu. SHptlposllt litiol of the two seits of variat,iolns gives it varilation like thatl, ol'(linuily obsenved. pA poor Quebec blacksmith deelreOs he ihas (libscovered thel "loutg-lust alit of hIrinullllnig coppelr." A Cain 'ttIItA' uHIA tnovei. t171t::T' VAII.- A glacierl' hits bteni founldtl ill Souithernll Californit, of iwhiel ir list hts been It Ia truadi tion forl Inllty yc'ars. The Los Angeles SIlcrall seit ailli eeditLioli to investignate, flltt1illo titiiotillf.watn silnlviled, for l1tont I-Its ii tppr leveIts of thrlyblink Mluolllutli, thila LgrelteEl Of tleo Sat I sl en?'irtliuo alli?ge, It giicior ot1o tile loig atll ll tite IU'averllgo 200 feet in depth was foulul. 'Th'l icy mllss, accoltditg to conlmputtions iltaul, Ilimoves (I owlau' rd at tile ratel of 17 feet a year. Thle lrlilirh AIeil1umut poose1oi s t cup of italmost fabliulous vnlute. JI is of gold iandl i enamelll, is aillorIned with subI'jects froit lthe Slife of St. Agnes, anti cost, i'8,0tIt, 'h'io ctup derivemlsn Illst, of its himlrest u' nmdl vuIlin 1from the fitlc, thatl it was given to C~Uhrllles VI. of ItFrances ill 1I:11, by his unclel, Jeail, )ulle of lierlri. 'The cIup pai ssed aflterwards into Lho Ipossession of ih Kings of iiiglhituu, [frOim llunry Vt. Io I mt Ifll., whio gav it, in 11103, to (Iol tluall Selnsco, Iollt?sttbls of -L'ntile. All hoplus of recovering AIr. Vanllerbilltl ylliht, whichl, iL, will beo ecollccted, w\is recenitly sunk, tire beinig given tilp. 'J'ho yncht is sinkhiing leetlm' over' tiny itt tihe lshifting siais ? u? n whtich ile lies. 'he slow fini-groom which the QueenlO h11is tul Ibuill, tit Osboirne Ieist, £2101100. 't his umllli does notI cont from lt110i I ationt bilut O" Io of'li e' ?ljesly'l privy piiie. Irhillce Alexildelor of T'eek is flllnowilng it, lthe footsteps of his eloder brothersi, PI''iices A\dollphus iiand l'ianlis, and qullifyilg to kell' Itien Ilritish Arily. Thlu lprinceslel.? Ithlru of tlhe cheriestl, young fellows onio coull plossibly wish to nioee, heilg tilne, iully, anId Ltrue types of Eglislilllenll (l nl of the most eti-iOs stones inl the Stwirhl t is flundll in I minlild, wher it(leiocu in illllly laces. Ito . s in t i ii I.iha llb ' l, ler,llld l aclally forclells prolablo hngllell ill thell weli her'. I 1t is c lle ?aemilla i IIIlI, and 1rllS blick shortly before all I iproachlin rain, iwhilo ihi lite wentilher it is iuttlel withl S-plots of while. It is msll thai t nas-lihtlt wais lilst exhiitel Itas a iurioisily at the 13iylstoi .hiseul, Ihes. Ion, is 181. lit 111:i Ihrt' wteit ttsit lampt io the Itown, iand iI 1880 it, ithad 10,:llt g?t s ini 2,2711i oil hInttips, hlelctri lightlLin is Intw tl itg (thin to I l ,f gais in Ilmlty tlillli. lies int the itly. Iostonl is now lighted Lby I1t17 eleettlnu lights, 8,11117 gas; andt 2,871 of tllher descriptiots. hr'igalllailge is cruelly cnarriedl out, in tlhe T iirsh irovinlei of Ipilh'rus. A' Chi"isltian finmily had been carried oil', nld, nob }eing table to raise the .ll500 ('l'Titil) deninltlelt als tlei' ii?nsin, il h family hve been ilS el'eied. There i itn Sti. Al?hril's it eolubraitiI mnzzi of llhillk glass, eliiinelled in varliotus coloullli. a llndl t. Ni ont quite k1imnosl ItOllLts at. 1t. is milid oIn be miore than oight hilitlhdrid years Iold lland it Is usl md*llt Iliil, his vory i lece. of glisns wl llitlken bJy the Limoges Illllmakers L ts their 111o1iel for ldecoationli, Fro ts Iti Hleb inluIilry into tie hist(nlory of it'lons, ('ite great lr nds, lb e pinmteos havet's ae l y ovoee able to iLlont liges exltriemely well.--Speake'r. Scientlisls have eslimnted thlat, ev'ery 'earl il layer equnl to fIuliltteel feet of the entilre siurflne of aill oeanlls intil othleri willnters is tilaken uptil sil IIhs Itie Iotmsphetro ill I-ho nimti iof va io11r to fall sa 'it uid agaiiltl o\1' balck in(o tile sen. Th le oEmpress of Austria Is tii owner of the landoolnest blalcnk plerlIthat oxhI?L. She used formeri'ly to oexhibit -Ihem ini heer lairi' onil all SiLtl oceirnlant. Qiueoim Victorin lm t a eckltnee of pink lonetls, ttwhieh l're con Snidered the miost beautiful of thei r kind. iBaroness (tllasnvo dIo lothschlild's collr' of ipearls, worn by her lit ll tit Ole oee 1, Is Iiledil i at £.10,000. 'The mostl beutiful plonl l Sgelnerally supllllosed to be to onll whtchil tile "rei'nch Lrinvlllole , i. 'oIve'nliiler, Lthrlo ceOlllIIturi! no sohl to Lthe Shllh of Per'ihni lld which is still in the posession? of I.ho irulers ° of Persita. 'The pricn wis :1,75i,000ft'. Anothi' EIsntesmrn pilotenalo iossesses Is Islet' of 1,27.1 carats I it liil ttl iu tran sp ir , mlll i valueld iat, ,lll0l(I,0l0f,. A lilo Oricunl Iste?ti is tio one i Ctl uossessoion of tih ll'uceoss Inlettllpoll', tud whlioh is fiillnoills for Its tttitqui coloiur'. In theo yollr 11120 thls hellti o isold by flr?glib;s ftroln Uiilnis to t'hlitll I V. of Snllil for 4it,00ll0 fluaIent I.s ll hio " 11 plew iin cnh in -hlllet ni 1 f1t00t'.. d lho ] nitti e timn iwll "enurei'eedil-' co~l[fe of Ililel'y'sto tIeelsls to etialttt itt of tImo h''ln SOninly Of Iim e'I ,ity i*l ilt strtltt 1oneiA ultity an n leli tn l is IIn e ni Iti I nlack I Il i t 1is ttotly i, el I It h Ihn oi t iL tito nitio b aOlisllitls e i lit (mItls o itis titulist. Oh n i'Oltilt IO (Ito ttttii ttR I tt Ihni 1·o111 Ilollt of tinUt' of hlis eO(110tttOttt IIt t letI, LIono tilullltltu wtIhilio eoiil tt Ih t mls iito lortlitlnli (a hit hi i h Iti IJt ili .Ir lll- 'T'ius I~llui s l'northllulIthvililu'l LtmlultUt (10I t11111u's hi lnont hiiituutersoesor/.otlltlti, eht. it iuo ohilltetl tutu I t llo tmlo i iitusm Iua' n llt its. F hoitl i h ttitlchliilttsli tuy' tnithhlh ihuit silts g to ho hIt lcut of h-Ito llll l l luit h lti lI' olttllosllhl. A Insllli sio hin muca titte-i os si 211, ii ioohol to ito tt'orls whltelh blillps its oslty 2 he i it ooknl is thithliilnllnli'sollltL. tislt ii Its tnes 2,00 11 Ii Istlitn his, h ittils su h Iso lin Iltltueiso sl t ,PS' is tools u1ttt i ccol suO c O t " t3s.'iillsieul ti lilsolunlollst.ti" ('Iis Is thio tlfl'ioi- ctltthutls I,: hotsiomoll hiboill ilot l clllltulth, I mhti eutl umoli lg'lu 'oi.il it's , I' hiu IIUt - titots lit i f salolosise~y or Inossuslsel~c hiuta Iuti'tlcuhst' as tone of its own. The engineer beComel accustomed to that, anld any departure from it att once excites ra suspicion that all A nant right. The engineer matny not know what is the llantter, lie lloy have ino car for mu:llic, but the change in tone of his mnnchine will bu inetntlly perceptible, and will start hint onl nit immlediate investigation. BMuch of tho fauoifully.cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at a a prison near Berllin. The lai;rest artificial stone in the world forms the base of Itho lrtholdtl Statue of Iiboerty oll itldloe'n Island, Now York ]lnrbotlr. This Ihlnenseo tone was mannde from broken lrap racit, 6sand, 11(d Anlerican cortentl. Five ntldred car-loads of sand and over 201,0110 barrels of cement were used in iunutifacuriug the mionter. Amongst the mlemberso of the presoenb Hottes of Comnunons are 15 taerchlto , 67 mlanutfacturirs, IS brewers and distillers, 10 medicatl tetnl, and i3 A rIly and Naval oficlrs. Tlhose iwho canl be rightly termed land owIIInrs number abouit Si8. A Cincinnati mant is reported to have eaten over 530 lonose in two mnonths to cure rhlOlllutatismlL. Ieo Is now in a prtecarious cots. dition. Quito a crztc-m-tt a very intorestitng one \--Ins comeovor le French gardeneors. 'Theoy have suddenly begun to bend all their enerlgies to ith orcrationl of now tlowers and tlao acclim1Ltisatiol of such as have never before beet cultivated itr Franco. Aimong theo latter is it flower froln Central Americo (ias yet unamted in Franco) which changes its colo~tr tlhree timan a day. It is white oin the norltng, gels pi ilt it inoon, aitd turns a laovet/y iluiwhniot, Vt su. is eott?ng. 