METHODISM OR CONGRE GATIONALISM? By this heading we mean no disre respect towards Congregationalism. We ? do not even discuss the merits of its Constitution in comparison with our. ?own. Our message is to ' the people ?called Methodists,' and its burden is that, if any part of the grand Constitu tion bequeathed to them by their noble founder has become worthless, they, and . only they have the right to re-place it 'with something better. Methodism is not to be transformed into Congrega tionalism by Act of Parliament over the heads of trustees' and quarterly meetings. In our last issue we called attention to the Bill before the New Zealand Legislature, which provides for the abolition of the time-limit in rela tion to the appointment of ministers. ' We turn to the question again, not be cause we hope to influence those who are moving in this matter, but for the information of our readers. It is very likely that by this time the. Bill has passed through the Assembly, for, from the Neio Zealand Herald and the Auckland Star , we gather that the Bill which was read the first time on August 3rd, passed ifcj second reading on August 8th, and was then being pushed forward almost with indecent haste. Contrary to Parliamentary usage, the Bill, which, of course, is a private bill, was taken | charge of by the Premier and pushed ahead with unusual celerity. Outside petitioners against the Bill seem to have received but slight courtesy, an amend ment by a Mr. Sandford to bring the Bill into harmony with the permissive legislation of the General Conference was rejected by the Premier, and the re commendation of the Parliamentary committee was adopted by a vote of 46 to 15. It is probable, therefore, that j by this time the Bill has passed its third reading. Now, while we are prepared to face any change in our constitution which the church, as a whole, may deem neces sary, we deprecate the action of New Zealand in forcing though Parlia ment a Bill which radically changes the Constitution of Methodism, in defi ance of the General Conference, and in the absence of any definitely expressed wish of the Methodist people of New Zealand. One speaker in the New Zea land Assembly said he looked upon the j Bill as 'an evidence that the Wesleyan Church wished to manage its own affairs.' That may be so, and it may be asked, What right have Methodists in New South Wales to criticise the actions of New Zealand Methodists? But the answer is not far to seek. In the first place, it is not in keeping with Metho dist usages to make great Constitu tional changes without patient and strenuous endeavours, not only to ascer tain the effects such changes will involve, but to elicit the will of our people. This, it seems, the New Zealand Com mittee has not done. The time-limit is being abolished over the heads of trus tees' and quarterly meetings. Even the [ Connexional organ has been significantly silent as to the character of the Bill. In a letter published in the New Zealand Herald of August 1st., it is affirmed that. a proposition made in committee to publish the clauses of the Bill in the New Zealand Metho dist was negatived. But this is not all. New Zealand Methodism is part of Australasian Methodism, and so long as it retains its relation to the General Conference, it is bound by its resolu tions. Every member of the Austra lasian Methodist Church, therefore, has a right to protest against the violation of our constitution which New Zealand is now guilty of attempting in defiance of the General Conference resolution that no Annual Conference shall appoint a minister to any circnit for more than five years consecutively. However, apart from the effect the pass ing of this Bill will have on New Zealand Methodism, it is not difficult to see how it will affect the relation of New Zealand to Australian Methodism. The logical issue must be separ ation from the General Conference. Indeed, it would seem as though this Bill were intended as an indirect method of wrenching New Zealand from Australasian Methodism. Having struck the principld of the iti nerancy out of the Constitution, there is nothing to prevent New Zealand Methodism from becoming a species of Congregationalism ; and, as such, it can no longer remain in sympathy with a Methodism which holds fast to the itinerancy. If the New Zealand Bill becomes law — and if it has not already passed it is almost sure to do so — the General Conference will have an un pleasant proof of its own insignificance and helplessness. If Annual Conferences can obtain Colonial Acts of Parliamentby which they can tear the Methodist Con stitution to pieces, despite the authority of the General Conference, or even the will of the Methodist people, the General Conference may as well pre pare its obituary, and leave the Annual Conferences to tinker the Methodist Constitution to suit their political or social idiosyncracies. The action of New Zealand, however, should be an object lesson bo Australia. The princi ple of the itinerancy, and its relation to the welfare of Mebhodism, should be one of the burning questions at the next Conference, and every care should be taken to emphasise the fact that an extension of the term of ministerial residence, if it be thought desirable, is not synonymous with the abolition of the itinerancy. The raid recently made upon a Chi nese gambling hell in George-street, is a sample of what our police can do when they have a mind. In view of the extent of the evil, it is a pity there is not a greater willingness to cope with it. Chinamen, and a few de graded white men who consort with them, are made scapegoats, and fur nish the ' shocking example,' while, in the most public way, the bad habit and its accesories are paraded before the people. If the authorities were par takers in the business and sharers in its profits, it could scarcely in some quarters be more openly carried on. It is very much to be doubted whether all possible care is taken by postal authori ties, in view of the large and daily use of the post-office by sweep promoters. If those in authority were in earnest, the evil would at least have to hide itself from public view. The official figures to be reported to the Conference, says the Methodist Re corder , will show a church membership j numbering 424,959, a net increase on the year of 739. The increase in junior members is 2,369. There are 420 cir cuits in which an increase is reported, and 344 which show a decrease. There are now 27,148 Society classes, which is ' 68 less than a year ago, the decrease be ing on the side of the lay leaders. We should be sorry to regard this as sympto matic. Few greater calamities could come to our church than a failure to grow lay class leaders. They arp vital to us, and any decrease in this column should put every minister instantly on the alert. We must be constantly mak ing new class-leaders. Local preachers show a slight but gratifying increase, the number this year being 16,491, which is 157 more than last year. The above remarks from our English con emporary deserve to be deeply pondered. It is a noteworthy fact that we have in New South Wales fewer class-leaders to day than we had 16 years ago, whilst the increase in local preachers is con siderably less than our commercial growth in other directions would war rant us in expecting. A race meeting was held the other day in the vicinity of Sydney, in aid of the funds of an organization known as the '/Little Sisters of the Poor' — a religious and charitable society we believe. Alcoholism and gambling have more to do with making people poor, and keeping them so,. than any other vices, and it is therefore appropriate that ' the races ' — the prince of gam bling schemes — should be levied upon for the relief of its own victims. It would be well, however, for the ' Little Sisters of the Poor ' to remember that they are allying themselves with an evil which is robbing their brothers and sisters, big and little, of both means and character. It is scarcely creditable to any charitable or religious society to be so connected with, or to give counten ance to, a sport so intimately associated with disaster to the weak and innocent, and which is also the well-known rally ing point of the blackguardism and knavery of the colony. But it is only in degree — not in kind — that this differs from similar questionable means of money-raising often pressed into the ser vice of religious and charitable societies. Even if there be nothing wrong in these things as amusements, yet while the evil of gambling is what it is, common sense would suggest its incompatability with Christian work. The statistics relating to education, re ligion, and charity have been completed for 1891. The Wesleyan Methodist Church is stated to have 133 ministers, 392 churches, 64 schools used for worship, and to have performed 45,000 services ; the attendants at public worship being 46,264. These figures will be found to approximate fairly with our own pub lished statistics so far as they are cap able of comparison. There is, however, one item which is slightly puzzling, viz., the number of services performed during the year. From what source does Mr. Coghlan obtain his figures as to these services. To some at least of our ministers the question has never been put, nor has the information been supplied by them. The returns show that 41 per cent, of the population at tend public worship ; but before it is concluded that 59 per cent, absent themselves it should be made clear that the returns are accurately and uni formly prepared. There are many who are very irregular attendants, but who are not to be classed as non-church goers. Mr. Justin McCarthy has made formal demand for certain explicit con cessions on the part of Mr. Gladstone in- regard to the Home Rule to be granted to Ireland. Amongst other things he demands as a condition of the support of his party, that there shall be an amnesty to politital offenders, and the release of certain prisoners, includ ing dynamiters. It is not much wonder that Home Rule scares some quiet, , law-abiding people, when it is found that its leaders and the future guides of Irish destiny are anxious to let loose upon society men who are at war with social order, and whose deeds of cowardly-attempted slaughter and des truction render them especially dan gerous to any who may differ from them. This movement has bound itself up with lawlessness, disorder and bloodshed from the first, and it still .asserts the spirit by which it has lived, By so doing it discounts the good at which its best men aim, and renders it difficult for its opponents to see any good in it. 'An occasion of special blessing,' ' wonderful power in the meetings,' are amongst the opening sentence in the Spectators account of the great Mel bourne Convention of last week. The attendance was most encouraging. ' The afternoon sessions were well attended ; on Friday, the floor of the church was nicely tilled, and, from the ! first, great interest was shown in the sessions. At night, the galleries were thrown open, and were needed, as on Thursday and Friday, by close packing we just got seats for all who came, with no room to spare. Wesley Church has ! been filled before for ordination services and the like, but never before, probably, for simply a holiness meeting.' Accord- | ing to our contemporary's account, a ? \ sacred and mighty unction of the Holy j Ghost rested on the assemblies. The \ holy fervour, at some seasons, grew, won- j ' derfully intense, and the power of the j Holy Ghost was, to some at least, if not . j to all, , all ? but overwhelming. The \ results have yet to be seen. But, as the j Spectator remarks, 'Surely, with our Church so quickened, with such power of the Holy Spirit upon us, with such - £ prayer and expectation as we heard and | saw, surely revival is come. 'Not j coming, but. come,' was the thought of I us all.' ' | There is no doubt that the public conscience requires training in regard to the closing of hotels on the Sab bath. It is scarcely reasonable to ex pect from the average publican careful regard for the law, while money and strong inducements to break the law are put before him. The quality of the drink seller is usually too low, the penalty too remote, and the police too kind or too distant to allow of much hesitation. A house in this city might be named, whose landlord aspires to be a public man, in which drink was a short time ago sold over the bar on the Sabbath without question. Not even the for mality of asking, 'Do you lodge here?' was gone through. If this be so in a leading hotel, what about the lower grades ? Are the police so busy securing ' public examples ' among the sediment that they disregard this scum on the surface ? 