(ThildtTn's Column. THE AVENGING HORSE. A. MEXJCAK SUPERSTITION- AXD ITS INTERESTING One day as the freight train running from San* Francisco to*San Jose rumbled n round a sharp curve just outside the City of San Jose, a white horse sprang on the track and raced down toward the toun in front of the engine. For a infle the train did not gain on him. Then the nnequal footing of the crossties and the pace began to tell on the white steed, and the engine crept slowly up to him. The engineer gave a few shriek* of the whistle to scare the horse from the track, but he kept right on in front, running with the speed of a racer, with his long tail streaming in a straight line behind him. The engineer saw a stock gap in front half a mile away, and again pulled the whistle. The horse simply let out a few links and went on. The engineer got mad. He pulled the I li rot lie open and went after the white phantom at a thirty -uules-an-hour clip. He was a bare hundred feet behind the horse when the animal reached the stock gap and plunged in among the open ties and fell. The pilot struck and then ploughed into the d i on the opposite side of the track. The enirfneer swore a few choice oaths aii-L jumped out of the car- The horse was dead as a door nail, and the engine had left the rails. ?' Another suit for the Coinpauy,' said the conductor as he came up. ' How did you do it, Jim ?' 'Oh, I don't know,' answered Jim iu a surly way. ' The brute cot on the track and just stayed there till I struck him. He was possessed of the devil, I guess.' They had to send to San Jose for the wrecking engine to put the train back on the railB, and while they were waiting a Mexican rode along the road beside the track. He pulled up his broncho to sec the wreck. 'Caramba, senor,' he exclaimed, turning pale and trembliii'j, ' it is \ a^qutv. s horse. And he mounted his pony as quickly as possible and spv.tl off (low n t lie road. himself you'd think we'd kUU*l*a ghost.'' 44 If that's Vazquez's horst? as llie iiraaaer said, you have killed a Mexican ghost,' sahl the conductor, and be walked over and looked at the dead animal lying under the frout wheels of the engine. It was Voequez's horse. The whole country knew it the next day. He was twenty years old and totally blind when he met his death in front of the freight train, and for ten years had roamed over the unoccupied land about the lower part of Santa Clara County free aa d bird aud feared by the Mexicans more than a lion. He was called by them the ' white devil,' and it was their belief that he was possessed of a soul mortgaged to the evil one, — the soul ef Vasquez. It is a strange tale that the old Mexican mothers tell of this white horse. Vasquez was the most noted bandit of the early days of California. He l»id defiance to the law, eluded the detectives and searching parties for years, aud killed and robbed half a hundred men. He roamed over the State of California from the north to the south, leaving desolation and death in his wake. He surrounded himself with a baud of desperate Mexicans, and terrorized entire cum ui unities. Lone travellers by day and by night were stopped on the road and relieved' of their cash, and often of their lives. A quiet village en the San Joaquen Valley would be awakened at the dead of night by the rash of sounding lioof beats. Tiniid men would pull the covers about their heada and shiver. Next day the principal store in the place would be found open, the safe robbed, valuable goods taken, and tbe guardian, if it bad any, dead with a ballet in his head or a knife wound in his heart. Vasquez had been there One day tbe stage was rattling down the road from one of tie mountain mines. The Wells-Fargo box was heavy with bullion, aud tudf a dozen armed guards sat in the coach. The driver sat on the box with a Winchester between bis knees, and chatted with another guard who sat beside him balancing a shot-gun across his lap. They were talking of Vasquez. 44 They say he alters rides a white hoss, and dresses like a dandv.' said the driver. ' Wieh't he'd jump (her gun-site stage onc't when tne boys is aboard. ' Two horsemen, dressed in the tinselled Mexican cavalier costume, rounded a turn in the road just in frout of the stage, and came riding toward it. One of them bestrode a white horse. They cantered up. The man ou the white horse went to tbe right and his companion to the left of the stage. Suddenly they reined up. 'Pardon, senor ; will the senor give me a light for me cigarette ?' The driver good-naturedly pulled up and leaned over from his seat with the big cigar which he was smoking extended between his fingers. He was met with a snap shot straight in the brain, aud tumbled headlong into the dust At the same instant the guard lurched and fell forward under the horses with a ball in bis forehead. A dozen men sprang from the underhusk beside the road aud shoved the muzzles of their rifles through the stage door on either side. Taken by surprise, not a weapon was drawn by the guards. The strong box was lifted from the boot, the men inside were disarmed while the rubbers' rifles stared them in the eyes, and then the mercy company, with many jokes about the dresses they would buy for their senoritas, mounted the horses that were led out of the woods and rode away, he on the white steed humming a bit of some old Spanish love soiig to the time of his horse's step. It was a dreamy August afternoon in Southern California when die Mayor of Los Angelas and a fellow- official were driving along the old sand road through the Arroya Seco towards the town. Over the brow of a hill half a mile in front of them a croon of horsemen appeared at a gallop. They swept down the bill and met the buggy of the Mayor. The galloping horses were yanked back upon their haunches, and a swarthy Mexican upon a while horse shoved a pistol in the Mayor's face and said, with a show of bis teeth in a smile, ' Your money, senor !' The Mayor thought it was a joke and laughed. ' Quick, quick 1' said the horseman as his weapon clicked ; ' I am Vmsquez.'1 The Mayor laughed again. ** Eef you don't belief me, seuor, look !' H* pointed back to the hill, ana there appeared anorher group of hor&emeu; riding at full tilt from the town. ' Quick !' said Vasuncz ; '* I am no fool.' The Mayor looked down the pistol barrel at the pair of black, glittering eyes thai lined the sights, and put ui- ui* hands, lie was lightened of his chamois bag of goM, as was hi* friend, aud the bold it.liUers u-hwli-d ami ridiiig up five minutes inn lule to uttcli thorn or to save the Mayor a cu;n. 1 ul- l.uml escaped into the ehapparel. Vasijuez made bi»toi'v hi this way for live ina dol»e house near the »cene of the robbery of the Mayor, aud was shot down by a news paper correspondent detailed lo accompany the search party. He survived his wouudh, was taken ro Shu Jose, where one of bis committal, and there mcl his fate ou the ecaffoliL Aud nou- for the horse. Every time tlic robbers appeared one of them, the leader, u-ouM be mounu-d upon a white horse. That he had a world of speed was sliouu in tin way ihiit he would gallop away from tnr n-st of the gang when they were pursued. The horse was hitched behind the house when Vasquez was shot. ( Ine of llit? irapinring party tried to take liirn and wa* neverfly bitten for his cupidity. The hni-v limkV u'Iutc* \ iiM|Ut*z bad li.ul Ills rciii|rZ\ oils ;iiul was lost In M-llt. M...-I pt-iplu said lie ili.-il MoM.M.a -.iy no. They -»w him ap-in. The ni^ht after Vas.,uez was handed a white Lorn- -ail.ip.d up tV rtreel lo tin- -a..!, slooila moment .1!. the .loir, and »uve .1 n.i-h. The Mexicans liearj iu it a call t,. the uV.kI Vasquez. There cainc no answer to the horse's challenge and he wheeled about and went as suddenly as he came. Then he turned bandit and followed Vasqnez's old trials. Once in a while a man would be found on the road with his body frightfully mutilated and lits flesh bearing the marks of boofa. Some times in the night a white horse would appear spot and neigh. If no answer came he would be off like the wind, but if any man dared show himself the horse would attack hitn with hoof and teeth, and it was seldom that a Time and again he was shot at, and one Mexican buck was foolhardy enough to try to rope him and met a terrible death. Tbe horse bore a charmed life. He became almost as great a terror to the Mexicans as Vasquez had been to the rich Americans. If by chance a Mexican's pony got out of the corral and wandered ofl in search of grass, the white horse would find him and enlist him. First he had one follower, then two, then half a dared to attempt to capture them* With no loads upon their hacks they were fleet as the wind and could outstrip the best horse with a rider. The Mexicans named the leader the ' White Devil,' and said that Vasquez lived again in his horse. As tbe years went by and Vasquez became a memory, and his exploits the theme for children's stories, the White Devil lost his companions. He visits to tbe vicinity of tbe little towns became less and less frequent, and then ceased altogether. At long intervals a Mexican would ride in with a report that be had seen tbe White Devil iu eorae canyon among the Lills. Even these reports ceased, and few Americana of the latter days in Cali fornia had heard of him until tbe freight train killed the white horse. The Mexicans came for miles to look at him. All of them knew him, at least they said so, and they re spected him sufficiently to look at his dead body from a distance. When he was dragged from beneath the engine by the trainmen a horse doctor looked at him. He was a magnificent animal even in di.-ath, and the veterinary said that he had been stone blind for years. Vasqnez's deeds are history ; the story of tbe White Devil is a Mexican superstition, — Detroit Free Press. 