DANGEROUS JOKING. /SgV ARTIN wiys the eldest son and. hope of AIIJ Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton, i His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured for him universal love and esteem. Martiu was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ash ton, the daughter of the clergyman. . Isabella was young and the most thought less gii'l in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, ifc seemed strange that' he should have given 'his. love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and.she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young. people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, 4yith the fairest youths aiidinaidens; -anil the; company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games- ' The,hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when eome one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something "of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there; atid-I doubt if any pei-sou here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you. know yon do,: Martin, although you are ashamed to own' it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed.: "Coniesnow,:J continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. ,Go to the church yard alone in .the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." "And what'1,would that prove'?" " Why, you wiU be frigbtend, though you should see,nothing. Your fears would put; your belief to the test. How could you be' afraid , if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of ?" "I do not thitik your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. "But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the- churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." " Ha, ha! but you ishall not escape so," laughed Isabella. ." Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," «he continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which : Martin bad desired-her to part with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid:" "Agreed,", said Martin, buttoning his coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on bis -errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark" And desolate "ground, for' the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky-then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. . He bad proceeded about half -way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from,a clump of willows and come towaras him; All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; . his hair standing.erect and his; blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spjectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. * We cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy-youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible , screams. Dreading . some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers - clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced,Martin to relax his hold on the throat of ' the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martiu uttered an unearthly shriek and fell' lifeless upon the j corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. ttEVER TELL A LIE. YOUNG man, never, tell a lie ; especially if you happen to be a married man aud your wife is a woman who knowe what two and two make-or, at all events, hardly ever tell one. A lie may. seem harmless, enough at the time, but: it will stick to you like wax.Listen to what.,George Washington Sploggs has to suffer' in consequence of a little fib he once told. . ^ George bad been out to supper at a bachelor friend's diggings, and, in the natural order of events, he was off colour the following morning-he had, in fact, i about > ' $fo... II.. nausea, headache, and ! thirst. At breakfast his wife wondered why' he-had no appetite ,for the nice fat I bacon '-at least, it would have been nice if it hadn't been rather cindeiy on one side and not cooked on the other. And then he didn't take his tea, and she was sure he couldn't complain of its ? not being strong enough, for it had been stewing on the hob for three-quarters of an hour. And the margarine wasn't so yery strong but what a healthy man might have eaten the toast. So George had to explain, . and he said lie didn't feel very well-rather bilious ; ' he thought the salmon they , had for supper last night hadn't agreed with him.. Now, this was the lie. George didn't think anything of the sort, and they hadn't had any salmon for supper. If he had been well enough to think at all, he would have known that it was that last half glass of whisky. But he recklessly told the lie. ' George struggled into his overcoat, and after desperate .endeavours managed to squeeze his hat on to bis swollen'head; and he went off to the office wondering why somebody <lidn't' invent hat-horns on the principle of the shoe- horn. A.pd Nemesis marked him for her own. Mrs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a twinkling, and she determined to have her revenge for the deception George had tried to impose upon her. This is what now happens: ? ? When George feel6 inclined to to have a little toddy at home before going to bed, Mrs. Sploggs will get out the glasses and decanter, and put the kettle on the fire, and will ask:", " Will you have any letnon in your salmon, George ?" When a friend comes in of a night to see George, and George asks him to have a nip, Mrs. Sploggs always makes a point of asking the friend if he' likes his " salmon " hot or cold; and then explanations have to be given, which makes George feel somewhat foolish like. And then,to crown, all, she has coached up the slavey in the jolte. The other night, when the decanter was found to be empty, she rang for the girl, gave her some money and told her to go round to the " Goldon Lioni" for a bottle of throe-aud-sixpenny " salmon." And the girl grinned as she took the money and went lor it. . ^George. is beginning to think that the situation will remain unaltered until he joins a Banc! ofiHopeand bpys a few yards of blueiribbon. Magistrate (to prisoner): " Have you any remarks to intake V' Prisoner (a barbdr): " your woxthip youvhwr wants cuWipg." - j HOW HE SAVED HIMSELF, I Lzap year had boon on for a month, and Ethelind had her net spread for Athel wold. She had loved him long, because she could not well avoid it, inasmuch as he was eix feet six in his sock feefc. She would hare lored hiin short, liovyever, just the same. It is thus with women always. And Ethelind was a woman, and had been one since the spring of 1S70. Nor was Athelwold a pullet. Indeed, the tongue of envy had said he was a regular old rooster. Be that as it may, Ethelind was dead set pot to let another leap year escape into the irreclaimable past. j; "Athelwold," she said to him on the evening in which this stcry opens as they sat before the great open fireplace in the oak I Wainscofcted drawing-room of her ancestral castle, 1 don't you think it is about time you were married ?" He started nervously, but there was no escape. " Ethelind," he said seriously, I thought so this Qveniug when I found four buttons iiiissing "from my clothes, and discovered ithatmy shirt front was so frazzled with wear that it could be combed out and parted in the middle with a, brush.1' Ethelind'k face u-as less tender. Athel wold went on gravel}'. " Again, Ethelind, I thought so when I discovered that my landlady did not know a terrapin from a mock turtle, and frapped my champagne in a soup .plate ; and again when the chambermaid forgot to set "my slippers out and I went to bed with my boots on.". The yearn which had erstwhile pervaded Efchelind's sweet face began to edge. But Athclwold went on as gravely as before. " Yes, Ethelind, I think it is time I was [ getting a. wife. On three occasions last , week I was in danger of contracting | pneumonia by waiting at the front door for. I someone to let me in, and it was only 3 a.m. ; and night before last, when the boys were playing poker in my room and became drier than a line full of clothes in a March j wind, the landlady raised a row because we made, a little noise foraging around the pantry for something that was wet." He moved over nearer her side and offered to take her .hand. " Ethelind," _ he said with deep earnest- ? ness, 'I think it is time I was getting a wife to . keep things in more convenient shape about me. Will " Ethelind arose to , her full height and looked;down upon him. "Hold off, Mr. Athelwold Bumhurst,' she whispered hoarsely, " Hold off. I asked you if you didn't think it was time you were married. \ ou have answered me. I believe you. ? But, Mr. Bumhurst," and her voice grew harder still, " I don't think it is near time I was getting married. You will find the front door in its accustomcd place. " Good evening, sir." ? And Ethelind went hurriedly to her maiden chamber ? over the portcullis win dow. Athelwold found the front door as she bad said. As he stood upon the other side of the moat he looked toward the moss grown i walls of the grim gray castle and saw the flickering light in tue portcullis window. " Truth crushed to earth may rise again," j he said, as he turned away, "but a bachelor, ?never." And the light over the porfcculiis sput tered and went out A LUCKY GUESS. f Dr. MAYO, the well-known author of *'. Kaloolah," tells the following story : Some years ago he was acting as surgeon on board the United States ship-of-war Cyatie. The vessel was in mid-ocean, when a craft in full sail, but go low down the horizon- as to be scarcely visible with the naked eye, was descried. Trying to make out the stranger with his spy-glass, the captain said : " I wonder what that vessel can be ?" Dr. Mayo, who was one of a group of. officers about the captain, spoke up and said: , " Oh, that s the Josiah Quincy, of Boston." The captain turned, looked at the doctor in an astonished sort of way, and then pro ceeded once more to gaze through bis spy glass, while the others went below to the wardrooms. " I say, doctor, said a senior lieutenant, "youll find it's a mistake to guy our com mander. He lias no more notion of liumour thau a billygoat, and he doesn't approve of jokes." Dr. Mayo only smiled, but he felt a little nervous about it himself, for, of course he 110 more knew the name of the vessel sighted thau he did that of the man in the moon. An hour later the stranger was approached almost within hailing distance. She was barque-rigged, and evidently loaded heavily with some kind of merchandise. But as the Cyane passed her she went off on a fresh tack, and the captain could read her name through his glass, on her stern. It was Josiah Quincy, of Boston. " Cyclones and v/aterspouts! " exclaimed the astonished commander. Then, turning to the doctor, he said : " How on earth could you know ? " ; " Merely by the cut of her jib, sir," replied Dr. Mayo, calmly; and lie didn't even admit in the wardroom tliafc his guess bad been merely the first name that came into his mind. Since that time he has firmly believed that nothing is too strange to be referred to as a coincidence. SOME QUEER WANTS. Wanted-A skilful dentist to fill the teeth of a gale. Wanted-A cook to prepare dinner on a mountain range. Wanted-A stand-up collar for the neck qf the woods. Wauted-A hat to fit the head of a Mis souri river. Wanted-A set of artificial teeth for the mouth of the Mississippi. Wanted-A crown for the brow of a hill. .Wanted-A snug-fitting shoe for the foot of a mountain. Wanted-Several hundred women to scour the country. > Wanted-An energetic barber to shave the face of the earth. ; Wanted-A lady to wear the Cape of Good Hope. : Wanted-Locks for the Florida Keys. ; anted-A wise'man to teach the Scilly islands. ' Wanted-Someone to love the river Darling. . THE MYSTERY SOLVED. " WHAT is that, mother-that curious thing Ambling the streets with a languid swing; With a spiketail coat, a fancy vest, And eye-glass dangling on its breast; With dog-skin gloves and funny hat And such poor, thin legs aud a stomach flat? Eerie and weird it looks to me. Oh, mother, what eaij the creature be ?" ".Oh, hush, child, hush! 'tis no goblin : rude 'Tis only a harmless stage-door dude." " Bub what is a dude, oh, mother, dear 1 How did they make a thin# so queer ? Did it grow while wo wwcfastnrieep Liko the little billygoats or thesheep t Had Barnum got one it) his groat show 1 When it rains or snows where dooa a (Jut's It walks like a chicken--can ib fly ? Will you tell me sbqutat by«8ftd'bye." '! There's little to tell, my child }I tltink It'a JMrwinVerigin^l missing Uak,'^" THE MAN WHO ARGUES. Is there anything on the face of.tha earth more disagreeable than the man who argues ? A thief and a liar can be endured, because one cannot be perpetually lying .or stealing, but the man who was born with the spirit of argument in his composition follows the business of arguing continually. You cannot risk saying that the grass is green, or that a rat's tail is longer than a mouse's!, without being contradicted and challenged to prove your statement. He will discuss the subject pro and con to show you that you are iu error; and if you don't see it he will insinuate that some folksare intellectually blind, and then your temper will rise, and his likewise, and you will say something hot, and. so will ho, and there will be trouble iu the camp. When it comes to married life it is safe to say that two-thirds . of the divorces are caused by argument.. People who do not argue seldom appear in the divorce courts. It has been said over and over again that no two persons can be found who agree upon every point, and probably it is a true asser tion. Nor is it necessaty that they ever should. I'eace and order can be preserved in a house by forbearance and tolerance, even if one member of the house persists that black is white, and another member is sure that white is black. Wc should always be willing to grant freedom of belief and thought to others. Two persons who are associating together will, before long discover that there are points upon which they always dieagree, and these subjects should always be avuided in conversation. They are rocks upon which many a barque of happiness has been wrecked. Change the conversation when ever you find it drifting towards these fatal shoals, just as you would change the course of a ship if you wore a pilot and saw gleam ing in your course the warning buoy attached to a sunken ree£ Whenever it can consistently be done it is best to avoid the man who argues. It . is extremely unpleasant to feel that you are on the wituess stand of Gross-examination, and to be obliged to prove your simplest propositions by all the ologies and isms known to science. Argument is in its place in lyceums ant debates-sometimes in the pulpit-but no! as steady diet amoug friendfi.' It is the essence of contradiction, and the person who is continually contradicting will act aa an cast wind on peace and sociability. We think wc could endure abuse, Billings gate, and eggs which had passed through the chemical laboratory of decomposition, but from the man who argues good Lord deliver us ! JAMES THE FIRST COMPARED-TO KING SOLOMON. The following is the character drawn of James I. by Williams, Bishop of Lincoln, then Lord Keeper, in a eermon that^ibe preached at his funeral, which shows- sfche servility of the elegy to "Kings by Divine right," at that time: "I dare presume to say you never read in your lives of two kiugs more fullyparal leled amongst themselves, and better dis tinguished from all other kings besides themselves. King Solomon was saidtobe. the only son of his mother. So was King James. Solomon was of a com plexion white and ruddy. So "was King James. Solomon was an infant king, puer parvulu-s (a little child}. So was King James, % king at the age of 13 months. Solo-' man began his reign in the life of his pre decessor. So, by the force and compulsion of that state, did our late sovereign Eing Jamesi Solomon was twice crowned and anointed a king. So was King James. Solomon's minority was rough, through quarrels of the former sovereign. So was that of King James. Solomon was learned above all the princes of the East. So was King James* above all the princes in the universal world. Solomon was a writer in prose and verse. .So in a-very pure and exquisite manner -was our sweet sovereign King James. Solomon was the greatest patron we ever Tead of to Church and Churchmen, and yet-no-greater (let the house of Aaron now confess) than King James. Solomon was honoured with ambassadors from all the kiDgs of the earth. And so, you know, was King James Solomon was a main improver of his home commodities, as you may see in his trading with Hiram. And God knows it- was the daily study of King James. Every man lived in peace under his vine and MB fig tree in the days of Solomon. . And so they did in the blessed days of King James." ODD REMEDIES AND . SUPERSTITIONS. THERE used to be an old man, kuown as "The Duke of York," who safe upon the steps of King's College, Cambridge, anc earned a living by exhibiting live specimen; of the common English green snake, adding to his income by selling to the country folk, the cast skins of the reptiles, as sovereign remedies for all pains in the head -when bound round the forehead and temples. In Norfolk, whenever children are attacked with whooping-cough, a house spider is caught, tied up in muslin, and pinned to the mantelpiece, it being believed that so long as the spider lives the cough will remain, but that it ^.v111 disappear oa the death of the insect. In 1S45 there lived at Deeping St. James, Lincolnshire, a " medieinc woman/1 whose cure for ague was a small glass of gin with a pinch of candle-snuff in it, the latter of which she obtained from her neighbours. In Wiltshire and Somersetshire "vve find the saying that '"On St. James's Day the apples are christened." In Cornwall no man will have luck throughout the year unless he run in a circle thrice the first time be hears the cuckoo. Scotch people, aa a rule, are very careful in collectingand destroying all human Lairs, believing that if a bird found a hair and used it in nest building, death would soon come to the person from whose head the bair had fallen. If the bird happened to be a magpie, death within a year and a day would be certain. In La M'otte JTougue's romance of " Sin tram," a lock of the hero's hair, cut o£E with his dagger, and thrown by the dwarf into the sea, causes the violent storm by which. Folko and his wife are detained at the fortress of Biorn. Tho elder Disraeli, speaking of epider cating, says : " Mons. Lalande, and one or two humble imitators of the modem philosopher, were epicures of this stamp." This spider-eating was indulged in as a cure for ague, and. in some parts the insect was enclosed alive in a bag and hung round the patient's neck. In the fens of Hunting donshire a live spider is, even now, enclosed in paste, and swallowed like a pilL QUITE EVIDENT. Mn. Biudley SMYTH, in passing under the rear vmulow of his house, receives the con* tents of a pnit oi' water on his head. Mrs, Bradley Smyth ; 11 Oh, Stanley, deal', Tie so sorry ! Believe me it was an accident 3 did nob throw it at you," Mr, Bradley 6ittyth:"I know you die , nob, deaf." Mrs. Bradley Smyth " Haw, love 5" Mr. Bradley g my Lit ? '? gee&use; j'su bi' me," Editor ; " Your psc-m is many respects J5: excellent; bub 1 hftvg a supply §1 spring poetry eu imad fcs kgl m§ foy fcbe next teir years." ^ Spring Poet (hopefully): " Well) yea wiH certainly need eemettiiitg1 firing the Eleventh year." . . . Mug. Binge (to the isifiigi&i;') i " Wpn'l ^ou have another piece ef pie f1 The Miiijstfei*: "'ihaok yea, uei" 'fetefflv (who Ua§ been earned uab't© fcwleeh r' i sji.ie.5s v§ Are te&lh; ia the e&iml; belli ^ 