NOTES OF THE WEEK. Elections. Candidates. Styles elaborating. Lindsey hesitating. Williams meditating. Canvassers cogitating. Woods procrastinating. Gas Company dividend. Commander Pelham has arrived. Grammar School re-opens Tuesday. Carter’s public meeting announced. Sir Graham Berry arrives next week. When will the tramway line be built ? P. M. Salmon contesting Port Melbourne. Mr Robert Hutton mentioned for Wil liamstown. . . Sunbeam wins tho £20 trophy m Cono Night conceals a world, but reveals a universe. Williamstown people en masse at Geelong on Tuesday. The best shoes for parliamentary candi dates—canvass. Everything is bitter to him who lias gall in his mouth. Giief counts the seconds, happiness forgets the hours. By tho side of “ Know thyself” should be written “ Be thyself.” Lieutenant Hamilton cannot understand the national holiday. True valor is like honesty, it enters into all that a man sees or does. Some interesting items will be found on the first and fourth pages. The river steamers to Melbourne will shortly run every hour. Generosity is the aceompauiment of high birth ; pity and gratitude are its companions. Business despatched is business well done, but business hurried is business ill done. I Children are taught more than they ever ’learn, and 'learn'more.’than they- ara qveja taught. ■ ' 9 Captain Mann said he was just beginning to understand the colonial navy when his term expired. Never contract a friendship with anyono until you know how he behaved to his former frieuds. Never call a man a liar to his face; get a friend to tell him he is like the advance agent for a theatrical star. Commodore Heard, of tho Federal Yacht Club, entertains 400 poor children at his residence, Carlton. It is much easier to reconcile an enemy than to conquer him; victory may deprive him of his poison, but reconciliation of his will. Excess of grief for the deceased is madness, for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not. Who is powerful ? He who can control his passions. Who is rich ? Ho who is contented with what he sees. Masterful minds scorn not, but master details. Great men leave contempt of little things to little minds. The future of! society is in the hands of tho mothers. If the world was lost through woman, she alone can save it. There are bitter memories which haunt tho minds of some men ; they are tho ghosts of their evil deeds. News has been received by cablegram of the death, from gastritis, of the wifo of the Rev. ,Jas. II. Mackay, tho missionary to Korea of tho Presbyterian Fellowship Union of Victoria. The publication of a new t hcological work from the pen of Dr. E. G. Figg is announced under the title of “ Analysis of Theology, Natural and Revealed—an essay contrasting the Pretentions of Religion and Atheism to Scientific Truth. The Ladies’ Benevolent Society’s moon light concert, which is announced for Feb ruary — , will be under the distinguished patronage and in the presence of “ The man in the moon.” TheNcw Year and Tiirift.—Notwithstand ing the financial depression, upwards of eighty new accounts have been opened at the local branch of the Melbourne Savings Bank during the present month. Teddy Power, on Annesley last Saturday, scored a win in the Anniversary Handicap, and was freely congratulated not only for the event, but also because it was the first race he had been in since his marriage. Tho bride was Miss Clough, a daughter of Mr Richard Clough, the well-known local licensed victualler. 