CONTINGENT VOTES. Sirs-I fear Mr. Barlow's proposals are causing confusion, as many people do not understand them. Would it not be a much simpler plan for the voter not to strike out any names at all, but to show his preference by affixing the numerals 1,2,3, &c;, to the names of the candidates, or to as many of them as he chose, and then for the counting to be by making these numerals the denominator of a series of fractions, thus-J, J, J, &o.; The voter would thus give a full vote to the candidate he favoured most, half a. vote to his next best man, a third of a vote to his next, and so on. The total of these votes would determine each candidate's place in the aggregate preference of the people, and the most popular man would be at the head of the poll. The voter who plumped would simply deprive himself of the privilege of influencing the election in favour of his next best man, if he had one I am, sir, lee. G. F. SCOTT. Brisbane, 12th July. Sirs-I am told that some misunderstand- ing has arisen about the example which I gave in your columns of yesterday. AJDBÏgOÎP 5 BYRON GANGS CS 2 EVERETT ¿ÜSQ¥©E 4 People ask me why Everett's name is not struck out. Simply because the voter voted in the first place (double electorate) for BYRON and EVERETT. At the count of first primary) votes Everett did not get into the running, which (Addison having been elected by an absolute majority was confined to Byron and Carlyle. I gave the first count | ADDISON ... 650 jBYEON ... 450 CARLYLE ... 850 DENMAN ... 240 EVERETT ... 210 FROUDE ... 200 2000 The vote for Everett which I have marked * was one of the 210 also marked *. As the voter had wasted a vote on Everett he has a second (contingent) chance, and he had selected Carlyle by the figure 2. That is he expressed his preference for him against Denman Froude, and Addison in that order of preference. The last example, thus ADDISON. ' ... 900 (plumpers) BYRON ... 50 (plumpers) CARLYLE ... 49 DENMAN ... 25 EVERETT ... 25 FROUDE 1 has nothing to do with the " contingent " voting, it is an example of what might happen under the present system if men were not united under political banners. "With regard to Mr. E. Thorne's remarks on the " double shuffle," nothing will stop it but having all the secret chambers so arranged that no one can get a ballot paper without going into the enclosure, and no one can leave the enclosure without putting the paper in the box as he passes through a narrow wicket in front of the returning officer, and as he puts the paper in the box he must show some signature or stamp on the back of it. This is the Tasmanian plan-for it does not matter whether the paper is carried out before or after it is marked, as long as it is carried out then the shuffle begitiB. Get the voter inside an enclosure with his paper, and do not let him come out of it until he puts the real paper in the box. At small polling-places the shuffle cannot be done unless the presiding officer contrives or the scrutineers are asleep I am, sir, &c; A. H. BARLOW. 4 Elected by an absolute majority of voters, The men who are to have the contingent votes to see which is to be second member. Sirs-I call myself an educated man, i.e., if one with a classical education, occupying a responsible post, can be so called. Never-, useless, the contingent vote question as explained by Mr. Barlow, M.L.A., in your issue to- day is not only to myself, but to many others in the colony, worse than a Chinese puzzle I cannot make head or tail of it. Surely we have enough to puzzle us at present with the unemployed difficulty without our legislators starting balloting conundrums. What the public would understand is something like this where there are three or more candidates for one seat, and the person heading the poll does not have a majority of the votes polled, then the one last on the list retires, and a new election takes place between those left. In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred two elections would settle the thing ; but if on the second election the candidate heading the poll had again a minority of the total votes then there must he a third election. This plan at all events would have the advantage of being " under standed of the people." With a penalty of, say, £25 attaching to defeated candidates, would- be MM.L.A., who would never at any time have the ghost of a show of being elected would hesitate before putting their bleeding country to unnecessary expense. I am, sir, &c;, EST MODES IN REBUS. Brisbane, 12th July. SIR-It is election day at Bundaberg, where one member is to be elected. I meet a man going totho-poll and by the favour of the authorities, as he cannot read, I am allowed to go with him into the ballot room. We get a piece of paper from the returning-officer with four names printed on it: CURTIS DUFFY BALL SKYRING I say : Do you know who are the candidates? Yes; Curtis, Duffy, Ball, and Skyring. And who do you want to vote for? Why, Duffy to be sure. So I take the paper and scratch out Ball, Curtis, and Skyring. But, say I Mr. Duffy may not get in; we had better try the New Elections Act and make sure that you do not lose your vote, because if Mr. Duffy does not get in you will lose it. Who do you like to be member for Bundaberg if Mr. Duffy is beaten ? "Why, Mr. Curtis, who else ? If that's so we will put a little figure 2 against Mr. Curtis's name. I say to my friend, You can have two other chances after Curtis if you like. He says, Oh I bother, that will be enough. We put the little paper in the box and parted. It was after 5 o'clock, and as I was allowed by special favour to watch the counting of the votes, I sat in silence waiting the result, and at last the returning- officer said, Why, we have got two of the same number, and so it was BALL ... 800 CURTIS ... 300 DUFFY ... 230 SKYRING ... 150 One of the scrutineers said, Yes, but we must look and see if there are not any figure votes to be counted. Slowly they went through the papers, and at last they came on the paper that my friend and I had put in. On it was a little figure 2 against Curtis. Hullo I said the returning-officer, that chap knew his way about. He missed his tip on Duffy, but he has turned the election, and I am glad of it, for I hate giving the casting vote, it makes a fellow such a lot of enemies in a little town. All the other fellows who voted were too careless to use their figure votes, but this chap did. So he said to the scrutineers : I suppose you are ready to sign the official papers which they did, and then he went on the veranda and declared the poll. CURTIS ... 801 BALL ... COO DUFFY ... 250 SKYRING ... 150 And then my friend came and thanked me, and said If you had not put me up to that new Act I should have lost my vote, and Ball would have been elected, although I liked Duffy and Curtis better than Sirs-I am, sir, &c.;, A BELIEVER IN THE CONTINGENT VOTE. 