THE GENERAL ELECTION. ?' SELECTIONS OF CANDIDATES BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. The following candidates having been selected by the council of the National Association, an appeal is made both to members of the association and to all friends of national as against class representation to give these candidates their votes and their support: Albert-park J. S. White. Bourke East-R. Harper. Brighton T. Bent. Carlton-J. Gardiner. Collingwood-E. Wilkins and J. McKean. Dandenong-J. Keys. East Bourke Boroughs Sir Graham Berry and D. Methven. Eastern Suburbs D. Gillies. Emerald Hills. Garnison. Essendon and Flemington A. Deakin. Fitzroy-A. L. Tucker and li. V. Best. Footscray's. M. Clark. Hawthorn-C. F. Taylor. Jolimont and West Richmond Joseph Bosisto. Melbourne East-E. L. Zox. Melbourne North-John Laurens. Melbourne Port-Fred. T. Derham. Melbourne South-William J. Mountain. Melbourne West-II. V. Hennessy. Mornington-L. L. Smith. Prahran-E. 1. Dixon., Richmond John James and J. C. Winn. South Yarra Joseph Harris. St. Kilda William H. Embling. Toorak Edward Langton. Williamstown-James Styles. THE YOUNG VICTORIAN PATRIOTIC LEAGUE'S SELECTIONS. The Young Victorian Patriotic League recommend their members to support the following candidates : Albert-park. S. White. Bourke East-R. Harper. Carlton-J. Gardiner. Collingwood-K Wilkins and T. Upton. Dandenong and Berwick J. Keys. Emerald Hill-D. Garnison. East Bourke Boroughs Sir Graham Berry and 13. Methven. Essendon and Flemington A. Deakin. Footscray W. M. Clark. Hawthorn-C. F. Taylor. Jolimont and West Richmond-J. Bosisto. Melbourne East-E. L. Zox. Melbourne North-J. Laurens. Melbourne South-W. J. Mountain. Melbourne West-D. V. Hennessy. Mornington-L. L. Smith. Prahran-E. J. Dixon. Richmond-J. C. Winn and J. James. South Yarra-J. Harris. St. Kilda W. li. Embling. Williamstown-J. Styles. Members of the league are requested to use every endeavour to bring their friends to the poll, and to secure every possible vote in favour of the candidates supported by the league. Voters holding electors' rights must produce them at the polling booth or they cannot record their votes. The executive of the league will meet at 12 o'clock to-day and to-morrow. METROPOLITAN POLLING PLACES. In connection with the elections for the metropolitan constituencies, the following polling booths have been announced : ALBERT PARR. Canterbury Iib islands. Silas schoolroom, Ferrars-street. Queen's Division-No. 22.1 Albert-street. BOURKE EAST. Beveridge Division Shire-hall, Beveridge. Broadmeadows Division-State school, Broadmeadows. Bulla Division Shire-hall, Bulla. Campbellfield Division-State school, Campbell- field, and state school, Glenroy. Chintin Division-Shire-ball, Springfield. Donnybrook Division- Courthouse, Donnybrook. Epping Division Shire-hall, Epping, and Wal- lists Hall, Thomastown. Havelock Division-State school, Chintin, parish of Havelock. Heidelberg Division-Courthouse, Heidelberg-, and Payne's house, Greensborough. Mickleham Division-State school, Mickleham. Morang Division-State school. Morang. \- Preston Division-Forrestors'-hall, Preston. Tullamarine Division Connor's house, Keilor road. Wallan Wallan Div sion State school, Wallan Wallan. Whittlesea Division-Courthouse, Whittlesea. Woodstock Division Post-office, Woodstock. Yan Yean Division Free Library, Yan Yean. liltfGHTON. Brighton Division-The Town-hall, Brighton. Elsternwick Division Cottage in North-road, near Thornton-street. Materials Division Shop next Mr. Pittard, butcher, Glenhuntly-road. Brighton East Division-Shlio-hall, Point Nepean road. Brighton South Division-The Coffee Palace, Sandringham. CARLTON. Southern Division Carlton. Northern Division North Carlton. CARLTON SOUTH. Police Courthouse, Drummond-street, Carlton. COLLINGWOOD. Barkly Division-Forestcrs'-hall, Smith-street. Dalling Division-Wellington-hall, Wellington street. East Collingwood Division Town-hall, Hoddle street. EAST, BOURKE BOROUGHS. Alphington Division-Alphington. Brunswick Division-The town-hall, Brunswick; the State School No. 2743, East Brunswick. Clifton Hill Division Clifton Hill. Coburg Division Coburg. Northcote Division Northcote. EASTERN SUBURBS. Kew Division-The town-hall, Kew. Boroondara Division- The new courthouse, Camberwell ; Goldlng's-hall,cornerMoutAlhert and Balwyn roads, Balwyn ; McDowell's build his, Canterbury-road, Surrey Hills; and Hardy's store. Hartwell. Caulfield East Division-The shire-hall, Caulfield and Lillie and Davis's office (corner Railway avenue and Derby-road), opposite Caulfield station. Malvern East Division-The state school, Spring road and at Martin's shop, not near Dandenong road and Finch-street. EMERALD HILL. Wesleyan schoolroom, Dorcas-street west, between Ferrars and Cecil streets, South Melbourne. ESSENDON AND FLEMINGTON. Ascotvale Division-State school, Ascotvale. Essendon Division-State school, Essendon. Flemington Division Flemington and Kensing- ton Hall and courthouse, Racecourse-road ; state school, Kensington. Moonee Ponds Division Town-hall, Moonee Ponds. FITZROY I Fitzroy South Division- The courthouse, Condell street Fitzroy Central Dil Mon-Refrtgeratiti,: and produce stores in Westgarth street Fitzroy) North Dil Mon Temperance hall, Rae-street Clifton Dil inter-State school, Alfred crescent fOOTSCRAY Braybrook Div non-State school, Braybrook Footscray North DilIslon-I!ojal lull, Footscray Footscray Middle Du ¡»¡on-Comt of Petty Sessions factory lan lillie Dil sion St Georges Hall, Yarra l The HAWTHORN The town hall, Burwood road, Hawthorn , n shop infíillliood road, opposite Llanthony ran flotation , a shop In Auburn road, from Auburn railway station JOLIMONT AND WEST RICHMOND Jolimont His son Orderly) room, Powlett street, East Melbourne Jllelunontl West Divisions Bridge road, Richmond MELBOURNE. NORTH Flemington-road Division North Melbourne He) at talk Dil sion Park The MELBOURNE SOUTH Tow n hall, Bank street east South Melbourne MELBOURNE 1 VST Latrobe Division-The Athenaeum hall, Collins street Gipps Dillsion-Mauchcstet Unity Hall, Swanston street. Cardigan Dil ston Old Trades hall Lygon street, Carlton Gertrude Bli sion 44 Brunswick street, Fitzroy) MELBOURNE WEST Hotham Division-State School No 307 Queensberry street Railway Day non-State School No LORD May street PRAHRAN' Town hall, Chapel street, Prahran PORT MELBOURNE Town hall, Bay) street, Port Melbourne RICHMOND North Dil Islestown hall, Bridge road Central Dlv ison Temperance hall, Church street South On Islon-OddfolloivB hall, Church street. SOUTH YARRA South Yarra Hall, Toorak road ST KILDA Balaclava Dlv sion The Town hall St Kilda Last Division-Macadam's buildings, corner of Hill and Alma streets St Kilda West Division The Vi esk.) and School room, Pirie) street TOORAK Armadale Dlv ision-lîuîlding in High street, near St rong road Malvern Du sion Malvern Shire hall Southern Divisions Mary's School, Gleneira road Toorak Du sion Building Toorak road between Ross street and Canterbury road MA LLD VMSTOW N Williamstown Centre Division Courthouse and council chambers williamstown North Du sion Mr Palmer's house Douglas parade Yiilltainstoiiii South Division-Mr Cox's rest thence, Thompson street South Williamstown Williamstown Victoria Dlvlsiou-Jubilee lode, North road, Newport. NATIONal.. SCRIPTURE EDUCATION LEAGUE CaNDIDATES the National Scripture Education League is giving its support to the following candidates, viz Robert Harper, East Bourke Boroughs, John Pigdon, Carlton, James ' M Kean Collingwood 1 M T I Former Eastern Suburbs 1 M Best and Sarauil Attain 1 Fitzroy) Joseph 1 exists for mont and West Richmond 1 John I amend North Melbourne W J. Mountain South Melbourne 1 1 Der ham Port Melbourne T T Dixon Prahran 1 C Gray, South Yarra Av H 1 mblmp St Kilda At K At Kenzie Anglesey I W Kirton and A C Smith Ballarat West J N Dunn Ballarat 1 as J F Levien Barwon A AV Cray or Benambra AV Duncan Borung Thomas Cooper, Creswick J H Graves Delatite W F Tatchell Dunolly Charles Andrews Geelong H Arm) tage Grant I II M Coll Gunbower C L Forrest Polwarth Sir Bryan O'Loghlen Port Fairy Av H Uren Ripon and Hampden R Burrowes Sandhurst R H S Abbott Sandhurst South Anderson Villiers and Heytesbury) S Year Windermere Many of the leagues branches and representatives have not yet sent in the names of those candidates who are being supported In some districts where two candidates are standing both are in favour of the platform I mci ORAl h 916 silly, US I rKV SUBURBS AIR GILLIES Mr MALAR Mr Gillies addressed the electors of the ] Eastern Suburbs at the Malvern Shire hall on Saturday night Councillor Woodmason was elected chairman There were between 400 and 500 persons present Air GilES who was well received said that the coming general election was one of the most important ever held in the colony and it was remarkable for the strong feeling shown by one class of the community the feeling was becoming stronger every day and the views of the leaders of that class were expressed in such a way as to provoke strong antagonism In the old days it was the custom to talked Liberals and Conservatives, but in these days we had got beyond liberalism altogether and socialism was the cr) not however philosophical socialism but a socialism which was intended to raise those at the bottom to the top and conversely the men who came to this country long ago did not arrive with silver spoons in their mouths but came most of them with scarcely) enough money to pay for a nights lodging, but by perseverance determination, and thrift many of those men had managed to secure a competency for their families These men were now called robbers by others some of whom had not been in the colony very long The later r men desired to subvert the order of nature as they were going to create an order of their own viz that the man who worked should not have and that the man who did not work should have (Cheers) In electors had to decide whether they intended labour to be free or whether violence was to be allowed to force the terms of one class upon another and to abolish freedom of con trast I he) should not tolerate the labourers of the whole continent been, called out on account of a difference of opinion between an employer and his employ s Were we to have freedom or were we to be at the beck and call of men who simply got together a number of their fellows and coerced them under the threat of the boycott to do what they would not do under other circumstances * five had bad times just now but time were bad times all over the world due to a variety of causes they were not always due to strikes, but in some places they were due very much to strikes (Cheers ) Up to last year the public expenditure had not exceeded the revenue When, in office he brought down a indit balance every year which was certified to by the Audit Commissioners (Cheers His successor said then as now something which could not do a living mortal any good (Cheers ). He preached bad times as soon as he got into office and her pen" the old story) now Our present misfortune was only temporary and would soon pass away. It was necessary for the time to impose some new taxation to meet the deficiency in the revenue but it should be of a temporary character like the depression Instead of going in for funds mental changes taxation should simply be increased in a temporary manner and it should be of such a nature that it could be easily passed (Cheers ) It was proposed to reduce the salaries of the public servants, which was not a desirable thing to do and the reductions were also to apply to the railway service but he felt certain that very little would be done with that service as it was too great a combination for this determined Government to attempt to interfere we are 1 he) might pick a hole in a coat or two where there were only a few men A Voice -The poor gatekeepers Mr GitLihs -But they were not likely to go in for general reductions Ilia a few s had not changed on the one man one vote principle and if anyone proposed it he would be bound to vote against it (Cheers ) In reply to questions Mr Gillies said the present law provided that a man should have a vote for his manhood where he resided but the Legislative Council had added that a man should have a vote also for cv or his feet in which he had property Two votes for one district was not the law in the United States in England or on the Continent of J Europe The dual vote was a plunge in the dark and if carried out it would practically disfranchise the farmers, owing to the position of the miners under the Residence Areas Act He proposed in the Legislate e Assembly last session that a second vote should be given for property situated in any other district than that in which the elector resided and he was still in favour of that (Cheers) He was in favour of federation based on intercolonial free trade, and with a uniform tariff as against other countries He believed in the alienation of Crown lands, leasing would put a bar to real settlement, and what we wanted was settlement He would like to see two millions of people settled in the country (Cheers ) A motion to the effect that Mr Gillies was a fit and proper person to represent the elec trade was carried almost unanimously, and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman MR FRANK MADDEN Al' CAMBER W LLL HIS VIEWS ON THE TRIANGULAR CONTEST Mr Frank Madden addressed the electors of the Eastern Suburbs at the shire hall, Camberwell, on Saturday night Mr T H Brain, president of the same, occupied the chair 1 There was a large attendance Mr MADDEN said he declined to be die tated by The Argus, and he thought the electors of the Eastern Suburbs would also decline to take their politics from that source' (Hear, hear) He came out to oppose Mr Gillies because that gentleman had voted in Parliament for one man one vote, and he (Mr Madden) intended to see him through, and go to the poll with him on that question If Mr Gillies could have had his way there would have been no such question before the electors now It would have been passed into law and the country would have been at the mercy of the 1 trades hall Happily that was not so, and this contest remained to be fought It Mr Gillies had had his way the first question to be considered in the new Parliament would have been equal electoral districts, and the country in 12 months would be irretrievably ruined (Cheers ) In the early part of the election Mr Gillies followers said he had always supported the one man one vote principle, and so he could not be blamed for having voted that way in Parliament It was when he (Mr Madden) pointed out that it was only through the action of the Trades huUthattlieqnestionivasaliveonejiind that it had been initiated owing to the failure of the great strike as a policy of revenge that Mr Gillies and his followers began to see that there was a great deal in it Mr Gillies stole him (Mr Madden's) clothes and wore them, and gave him no credit whatever for the use of them (Laughter ) Mr. Gillies now said that he saw there was much in the question, and he would vote against the " one man one vote " proposal If he saw that it was of so great importance, why did he deal with it in such a manner in Parliament, where he would be his vote have handed the colony bound hand and foot over to the Trades hall' ("Bah ) If Mr. Gillies, by his vote, had passed the measure into Itivv, what would have been the use of his finding out then that he had done wrong when the country was rung and the action could not be recalled Were the electors going to give him another chance' (" Certainly ' No, no ) Would they give him another chance to hand them over to the Trades hull after they had Narrowly escaped once ("No arrives ) It would be well to consider for a moment the position of the electorate When in the first instance he (Mr Madden) came out and stood face to face with Mr Gillies on the vital question of the hour that gentleman party soon found how matters were likely to go, and there was a dismal prophecy of what might happen n if a labour candidate came out heavy ten them He (Air Madden) heard that talk and gathered from it that the Gillies party were growing absolutely desperate At the last moment two candidates sprung into the field and there was a wonderful similarity between them No one had heard of either of them before, and mile of them had either a policy or a following (Laughter) But I'he\ArniiH immediately just as it it had had the article cut an I dried- threw up the sponge and said that nothing remained but to hoist Lormcrs number Jim Arrow did not seem to know about the other candidate unless it was in the secret and knew that the other candidate would retire, and thus give J he Arum another chance of attacking him He ignored the 1 Labour candidate altogether. He was too old a bird to be caught likcthat.forheknewthiit the Eastern Suburbs electorate was perfectly safe, even if the great Trenwith himself was to come and contest it (Cheers.) What chance, then, had a political rag gatherer who came at the last moment ? None whatever. The Arum and Mr. Gillies might cry, "Hush, hush, here comes the bogey man," till they were sick, but they would not frighten him. (Laughter.) They would find that he was not like little Tommy and Katey who were to be frightened because they would not go to school, but that he had some backbone. They would find it was no use bringing out a dirty, illuminated ghost, wrapped in the counterpane of the labour party, to startle him. (Laughter.) The electors would see that his confidence was quite justified when he told them the facts. On the rolls for the electorate there were BANCO voters all told. Of these there were only Cifl on the manhood suffrage roll, and of that 650 there were only 130 labourers. The rest of those on the manhood suffrage roll were professional men, shopkeepers, and artisans, who had no sympathy with the labour party or the Trades-hall. So that, even if the great Mr. Trenwith came out he would not get sufficient votes in the Eastern Suburbs to save his deposit That was a bold statement to make, but Mr. Lormer would find that it was true on Wednesday next. If any labour candidate was to poll in the electorate it must be from the manhood suffrage roll, for there was no labour party on the ratepayers' roll. He had addressed meetings in all parts of the electorate, and he had never spared the Trades-hall - indeed, he had, as the saying went, rubbed it into them" wherever he had spoken, and he had never heard a boo-hoos, (Hear, hear.) If there was a labour party in the electorate at all especially if there was a party strong enough to carry the seat away from himself and Mr. Gillies he would have been followed from one end of the electorate to the other with the dulcet strains of "Annie Rooney." (Laughter.) Therefore it was an insult to his intelligence to ask him to retire. He had, as it was his duty to do. sat down calmly and considered the situation, and if he had come to the conclusion that there was the slightest chance for a labour man to succeed in the electorate he would have said to his committee, ? " Gentlemen, the circumstances have altered now. Go to Mr. Gillies's committee an? think it over and talk it over, and what ever you decide I will abide by. If you decide that I should retire I will do so, and I will do all in my power to help Mr. Gillies to get the seed'." (Hear, hear.) But there was no such necessity. As to the National Association he would say nothing. He would not descend to imitate the breach of faith committed by one member of the committee. That the association knew right well, or it would not have tried him as it did by publishing the circular it had published that morning. (Hear, hear.) -The remainder of the speech dealt with topics on which the candidate had previously explained his views. THE PROGRESSIVE POLITICAL LEAGUE. The ordinary meeting of the members of the central council of the Progressive Political League was held on Saturday afternoon, at the Trades-hall. A communication was received from the Dundas branch of the league stating that Mr. Samuel Samuels had been selected as the labour candidate for the district. The selection was endorsed. The action of the Borung branch in supporting Mr. Dyer, who had been selected to oppose the re-election of the retiring member, Mr. Duncan, was endorsed. Some discussion took place on the published statement of Mr. J. H. Knipe, that at the North Yarra Province election last year he had been asked by the labour party to spend £3,000. This statement was denied, the labour party having offered to exert themselves to the utmost in returning him at the smallest possible expenditure of money-. Mr. Knipe at the last moment abandoned the labour party, at a time, too, when it was impossible to replace him by another candidate. The council then adjourned. TO-NIGHT'S MEETINGS. . Collingwood. - Mr. J. M'Kean, at the Burke and Wills Hotel, Simpson's-road, Abbotsford, at 3 Eastern Suburbs Mr. F. Madden, at the Rechabite-hall, Burwood, at 3 ; Mr. Gillies at the Kew Town-hall at 8. St Kilda Mr. G. Turner, at the Town hall, at 8. Toorak Mr. E. Langton, at the Shire-hall, Malvern, at 8 Mr R. S. Reid, at the Mount Erica Hotel, High-street, East Prahran, at ELECTORATE OF EAST BOURKE BOROUGHS. Sir Graham Berry has been selected to receive the support of the temperance party in East Bourke Boroughs. ELECTORATE OF BOURKE EAST. A special advertisement appears in another column informing electors of the Bourke East electorate that the polling booths in that constituency will close at 5 p.m. on polling day, Wednesday next. . BENALLA AND YARRAWONGA. BENALLA, SUNDAY. Messrs. J. F. Kenneally and P. Cunningham have withdrawn from the contest for Benalla and Yarrawonga. 