A SENSATIONAL SDOEY OF LOVE AND CRIME BY <3KmDC?3sr STABLES, M.D., It.TSL Author of " 289 H, The Story of a Double Life," "The Mystery of a Mil lionaire's Gravej &c.;, &c.; [ALL BIGHTS EESERYED.] OHLPTEB VII.-CAP TAH» GREGORY ; * TEB ABCTIC (JJIEBS. , Awefet a thing is rest | EoV delu^ht fu to & fared and weary mariner Is the e&m; paratitfjjralmtliat succeeds a wild-wind stdrm at sea, when squall or gale hasfled far away, carrying bef ire it, the Jdar&deep; curtain pf clouds that, but a few short hours before, hung pall-like over ship and ocean ; the cur r"*^ which jiehtoin^B the very waves seemei waves of blood or fllamB4 thejciutfain ttotseemed to hide great guns «neeen tand», with ? uA*Bffnwriil ILatllm Llifrii«im winij unheard, and the bewildered Bailors, as tbeyJ clutched at and clung, to the blaclt, wet rig guig or stays, could but believe that the ves sel was being torn into timbers beneath their . very feet! How sweet then the rest that' morning brings,as tiie star-light fades and pales in a t jD(" cl^M* and deep, a* title orange gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the east, as crim son feather-clouds, streak the ekv, and the * »d sun leaps smiling above the distant hori zon, while Kafawe bends down from the heavens, smoothing and soothing all tilings as a fondmothfersootlies her cradled babe. Haw svreet is reet! " How sweet is re<-i>-the rest that, say, some 8U^net ® moraiag brings to the weary in valid who for weeks has lain racked with pain in the sick chamber, from which hope itself for a tinie had fl d. Resetter days aid nights of sleepless agony. Best that the ailing one never expected to find again except in the ? fjrave; rest (hat ? he can hardly yet -believe has really Mice at last, albeit out. there on the trees he can eee beneath his Window the sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, as the breeze goes whispering through the foliage, as the glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thither, feeding their young ones on the wing. Yhe eunlight sparkles on the waves as if showers of precious stones, were falling un seen from Bkywards; the sunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a diamond. The sunshine speaks to the' sailor's heart, «m«i he laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, while sail after sail is loosened to woo the breeze, and the ship itself' appears instinct with a new-found life atid hope. And Nature in the sunshine speaks to t e invalid thus: * Cheer up, poor weary one, be wtlm and hopeful now. S^e how gaily the flowers are springing, how joyfully the tasselled tree nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully the crimson flowers of the rhododendrons looked sunward, how sweetly the red bells of the tall, bee-haunted fox-glove stand out against the brackenV green.how the roses and the -rringa Tie with each other in wafting their lours on the summer breeze, and how con tentedly the blackbird sings hidden in the "rickets of spruce] J am Nature, but I am Dt always land. I obeylaWs over which X no control. I obey the behests of the uiiBeen, whose laws are evenly balanced are naught saveTjlessings -in dia e, and the good follows the seemingevil fryligbt follows darknee?, or sunshine fol >wb storm. Behold I bring you peace, I j you rest/ ' .. |^us>ppk* or, seemed to speak to Winnie erts, ifiilli small voce, when two years j r the events Xhavetaiedta describe in the J ichaptaayshe loundhereelf settled down ' v snraU village in the fir north of Scntlimrf j k her little daughter, jBose. ' 1 her arrival in JSngland she determined . into hidi g and place as many milwi as ble betweenherself and the m»n Wallard, herself,, too,and the agents of her L who might once more try to rob Iter Br child.;. Minnie possessed two "talents that she . glit might: be betterappreciated beyond than in England itself-music 'nting. Botch shecould teach, and if "would but begin to favour her it rOasy^ byfeerearned efforts.fco make _ J money"f jrhereelfand Bose, and to flw gaunt wolf, hunger, from their ge door. . s, cottage door, ior that describes their bite home exactly. In a small village it Jn the eastern shores of Aberdeenshire, ot &rfrom; a townthat has sent more hearts to the Arctic regions, titan''all " places in Scotland or England from the front windows of this a the suburbs .jL^the village, they _ glimpses of the far off seas some-. due and teautifial andcaim, at other ; "'id and storm-tOs^pd, the giant waves j hitema&s; against the dark their white bid; whether peacful or the reverses the sea haid always a charm for her juother. ^ 80 pretty a little cottage. Itseemed. really as $ it had been waiting for some such ~ Five rooms|no more, nor were they ^ house was solid, diy com vua UL a lawn behind surrounded and shaded by trees, jrfaile in the evreet Bommer time, roses clang on the wails and nodded bonnily in through the windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle clustered round the porch. People wondered at first who the lonely lady was who called herself Mrs. Roberts, and was eaii to be a widow. She was Endish, they knew nut. ; therefore t>e stuck-up. as they phrased it, and far too |ood to associate with Each humble folks as they wer». But whe^ Winnie advertised in lier window that she wou?d receive pupils for music and drawing,' 4then it got rumoured abroad that the lady she was always called the lady-had come through some great e>ief, and h«d been re duced to poverty. So the gojd old clergyman . or minister called first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with her sad voice and gentle mien, and with her artlesB and beautiful daughter, that he did all in his power to assist her. There were many wealthy formers in the neighbourhood, and a few resident gent; y as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no more fear of starvation. Weeha, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to the simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter's winds began to howLover hill and brae, or would '.she dress less like a Pagan and move like a Christian. But they did not forget, never theless, to waylay paor Weeba whenever a reasonable clitnce presented itself, and try , to worm out of her this history of Winnie .and fiose. As well might they hare tried to elicit the story of bygone times from an ancient oak. Weeba knew nothing. She told them nothing, andshet'ld it in such broken English, that ber anxious enquirers were ju9t as wise as before, no m re and none lees. | There was a mystery about Winnie and her daughter therefore, and the mystery I remained, but really it was this mystery-or rather the de ire to unravel it-that led to the lady's success, though all else apart, she played charmingly, and she had two gifts w hich stool her in good need as a teacher, patience and innate good-nature. Rose, too, played very sweetly, not only on the piano, but on the zither. Was it any wonder then that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. It would have been a holy calm save for the one dark spot in her former history, the appropriation of Wallard's money. She never could think of that awful night at his villa, without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clutching at her heart. But her oi.e aim and and object in life must tiow be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. | And of Winnie's crime, it is almost need less to cay her innocent child knew nothing. Yet that crime was a ghost that many times and oft at the midnight hour, when Bose'a white eye-lids were closed in slumber, stalked through the cottage rooms and kept poor Winnie wide awake. But she had not cut herself off entirely from the outside world. There were two papers that came by post to her regularly week after week. One was the Ceylon Observer the other The Western Mercury. Some day, she thought, either of these might tell a tale. So the lime, flew by, one year, two years, and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition one day, Hose, now a fair and fragile, but tali gixi, found her mother lyi g on the lltfc e couch, a newspaper on the floor, and her weeping facie buried in the cushions* She flew to her side and tried to raise her np^ * G, mother ^ deaf, little mother,' she cried, 4 what is it ? What is it? Tell me. mothera 52eil your Bose. Mother, mother, speak!' The mother sat up. Bhe was calmer now, though very pale. ' Bose, my darling,' she said, you -are rather more than a ehi'd now. It is well you should know. Your father is dead/ . - If Bose bent her head was nidre in sympathy wiiJHier m^her, than for any love ehfcj*"*^®:man who had never behaved a* slather toher. Mr^- fioberts sent Weeba with excuses to her pupils that evening. She could not go J pjafc, nor could she see anyone. But when \ "Weeba was gone, she gathered Rose to her arms, and told her in sad, but resigned tones, ! all the story of her childish love in Ghoalah wdods and Hose herself knew how sadly that dream of joy had ended. ' i If it were possible mother and daughter loved each other better than ever now. There was nothing between them-sa.ve the Crime-each loved and trusted the other with j a lovje that nothing on earth could alter* I Hfni «"ii t"T for over thirty years, bold, Dtfifi Captain Gregory, of the Arctic. Queen, had sailed back and froto " the country^'' as Greenland is ever called by sealing or whaling Bailors. TTs hqd come to own the Arctic ^ueen in part, and a bonnie ship shr No tett «.i»? i«caMMu^'" " 'J . Northern Ocean, could stave or sink her, no wind that «ver blew had laid her on her i beam ends, when Gregory himself was on j deck. Hut storms before now had blown the sticks out of her, seas had carried her bow sprit off, and great green waves had smashed her boats and wrecked her winch, and Battered and tore at her bulwarks, till they looked more like sheep hardies than anything eJse that could be natned. But her skipper was dauntles, and his f «ith in the strength and sailing capabilites of his bonnie barque was like a man-child s faith in a loving father. it had been p oposed by the other owner* to makj the Arctic Queen a steamer. 4 What for ?' thundered Gregory at the | meeting, and he brought his fat, red fist to the table with a bang as he spoke. * What for, I wjnder ?' he cried. * I can do all and more with my sailing barque, than ever I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentle men, there isn't a ship sails to the country that can go so close to the wind, or come round in less sea-room, or run before the wind, or lay to so handsomely as the Arctic Queen. Steam indeed ! Don't name it to me again, or I'll" sell outtand Jack her up. I'm a sailor; you fellows have never been a mile from | a cow's nose in all your born days. Pardon ! my plainness, but no steamer for me. thanks.' So no more had been said about turning the Arctic Queen into a puffing old tin kettle, and to do him justice it must be admitted that in any five years of her cruising the | barque had brought home as many skins as any steamship afloat, fco Captain Gregory hail some reason to be proud of his barque. Now this goo A skipper's ship was his wife, as every true sailor'e ship should be-we 1, till he get's married, at all events. But Gregory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. He had probably | never met anyone that acted loadstone fashion on his sailor heart. Besides, every December he began to prepare for his voyage Pole-wards, and every February fiaw his barque's prow pointed towards the Arctic i H-eginnp. Then it used to be well on in June or July before he returned, and what with unloading and one thing or another months eoon slipped away, giving him little time to indulge in the pleasures or gaieties of life on shore. But one summer, in the very last week of May-and what I am about to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen the announcement in the Ceylon newspapers, that caused her tears to flow-the Arctic Queen returned home most unexpectedly. Mr. Anderson, the chief owner, was just sitting down to breakfast, when it was re ported that she could be seen standing in towards the shore and signalling for a pilot. Mr. Anderson jumped up, and went to the i top of his house to see for himself. Tes, there was the barque right enough, all taut trim and very ^ deep in the water. She iBimt be a bumper Bhip, he thought, as he Slurried away harbourwards, forgetting all about his breakfast in the excitement of the moment. As soon as she was near enough he cjuld see the' heap of glittering fresh- water ice twixt fore and main, which porters from every hotel in town had already assembled with j foiha to secure. He could see, also, the beaming face of Captain Gregory on the quarter-deck, waving his red silk hanker* chief shorewards. A bumper ship! I shonld think she was. Never before had such a splendid cargo of seal-skins been brought into the harbeur. 'Hi! old man.' cried the skipper, jubilantly to Anderson as he shook hands with all a sailor's heartiness. ' Where are your puff ins tin kettles now ? Away astern, aren't Ihey?* * I'll never say a word against a sailing craft again as long as I live,* said Anderson. But Captain Gregory's triumph was ! complete when, just a fortnight after this, two steamers came in * clean.' lhat is with out a cargo. So the bold skipper of the Arctic Queen would have all the sweet summer before him to enjoy in his own couniay, and this had not happened before for yean. share of the profits, too, was by no mfug inconsiderable, and so, siilor- like,' he determined to give himself a little enjoy ment. He could now be seen, every evening, at ?some out-door tea party, or on some tennif lawn or another, and everybody said be. lookei the jolliest of the jolly- To he affected to dress like ay**! ®nd . even wore a, eilk was that about him ^wiiicli told everyone he was a trug-dton of NepiU90'~dress m be might. -."One evening Jtfprtifolar-^but stay, I'll ] begin jwotligtfltfaptel'. 