Our Melbourne Letter 'J ?; . (PJBOM OTTB OWN COBRHSPONDENT.) .'. A good man and true has gone: from us in the person of the late President of the Legislative Council. Sir- James M'Bain was a favourite all round, and both in his official and private life was generally esteemed and respected. In him the Presbyterians lose one of the. chief pillars of the church, as besides being treasurer to , the General Assembly, . he took an active part in church legislation. . The ' Presby terians have no such influential man to take his place in the Assembly, unless it be the hon. Jas. Balfour. ; ; ZeRoiestmort, vivele Roil The election of MrWilliam Austin Zeal to the position of President caused] something like, a flutter of surprise amongst those who were not behind the scenes, as it was generally thought Sir Frederick Sargood had a . , mortgage on the chair. But Mr Zeal is one of those men who, without clamour or. beat of drums, manage somehow to inspire respect and confidence in the ': breasts of all with whom they come into - - , contact. That he is an able man, and fully competent to fill the onerous and . * responsible position to which he has been , elected, is universally acknowledged, and it is an open secret that his, colleagues in ths r Cabinet, though fully appreciating, the ,. :? honour conferred on one of their number, were very loth to part with Mr Zeal. The ' ' Zealots ' now say that the new President - ' will speedily bo recommended for titular honours. vv icn tnose wno are ?? in tne Know it is now considered that Mr Munro will never return to England as Agent- General, and it is moreover thought equally certain that Sir Graham ; Berry's chances of getting the post again are small indeed, especially as he, too, was a director of the Mercantile Bank. Poor old Berry would give a good deal to exchange the uncongenial atmos phere of Spring-street for the scene of his London triumphs. He plaintively sings :— Oh let me away I ask not to stay Where boom nf fcer boom r, Comes to grief OTery day 1 By the way, why should not Mr.Shiela -a take the Agency-General himself? Heat least is not mixed up with any of the pawnbroking— ^1 mean banking institutions which have served to bring us into such. ' disrepute of late. Besides the Premier's health is very indifferent. He suffers ' ' terribly from insomnia, and the change, with the relief from the strain and worry incidental to his present position, would make a new inan of him. And Mr Shiels is perhaps one of the most likely men in. the colony to prove a success in the posi tion. The ordinary layman, who cannot compre hend the niceties and subtleties of the Jaw, which has been very aptly described as ' a hass,' still fails to understand why the Government hesitate to prosecute the officials connected with the banking bubbles. Mr Shiela distinctly promised that if any duly authenticated complaint were made by any person defrauded by means of a false balance-sheet he would * ' cause enquiries to be made with a view of prosecution. In the case of the Anglo Australian Bank Mr John Hogan has com plied with Mr Shiels's stipulation, bub nothing has come of it. The same thing has been done with reference to the Im perial Banking Company, and offers were made by several depositors to swear an information against the directors, and a Treasury official is now 'investigating' the matter with a view of seeing whether there would be any likelihood of a criminal prosecution proving successful. In the case of the Mercantile Bank complaints ? have been made for sevaral weeks, but still the Government make no move in the direction of a prosecution. Some of the depositors and shareholders in the different institutions have therefore resolved to take ' the matter into their own hands, and as a first step will petition the Assembly for the repeal of the Voluntary Liquidation Act, which prevents them taking action with out a great loss of time, trouble; and expense. Very few people know that Francis .a.LuguM, eA-uiunsbBr or oiiines in tne .New South 'Wales Assembly, who has recently been sentenced to five years' imprisonment for fraud as a director of the Australian Banking Company, was a justice of the peace in Victoria. His name was struck off the list yesterday. A woman, two bull dogs, a cat, and a man with a mysterious complaint, yclept in the Richmond vernacular 'hearth disease,' have been worrying the Rich mond city fathers lately. At the Council meeting yesterday the following letter was received: — 'To the Richmond Council.— There is a woman in . street that has two bull dogs that is let run the street, and when they run after my cat and I twaou uu ago£/ uuojlui iu ana oaiu sue WOUm not keep them in, and as my husband is very bad with hearth disease, and if the dogs run at him he would faint in the morning they are let run about the street.' The Council went into committee on the question of subsidising the dogs to confine their coursing to the next street. ? : The first of the usual batch of ' Cup suicides' whioh generally occur at this time of the year was attempted at the Victoria Coffee Palace yesterday, but proved an ignominious failure. Sydney Guthferidcre. an auctionoor. from Tn.io.«_ gatta, came down, for the races, and not having scooped the pool on GUenloth, forthwith drowned .his sorrows in the flowing bowl, in fact in a good many flow ing bowls, until he found himself surrounded by snakes, centipedes, and other loathsome reptiles. He then stripped himself in his bedroom, broke a glass, and severed several veins in his right arm. -fi'inamg iiimselr arter an interval still alive, he rang the bell for a revolver, in stead of which , the waiter brought him a policeman, and he was locked up and had his wounds dressed. He will now have to face Mr Pantori on a charge of attempting ' to commit suicide. . . A card: — Baron Ferd. Von Mueller K.C.M.G., M.D., P.H.D., F.R.S., F.L.S. ' ' F.G.S., F.C.S., F.R.G.S, C.M.Z S., H.M.R.H.S.. H.C.M.S.A.. TTT? T7/R s H.M.G.S.E., H.M.B.S.E., etc., Government Botanist for Victoria. And yet they say wo ? are a Democratic community ! Great Cassar's Ghost !.?,. ? Multum in Parvp :r-Johh L. Sullivan's book, 'Autobiography of a Nineteenth Century Gladiator,' is now on sale. Per haps the less said about it the better ? A ,j810 note received by the Treasurer yester dayas^'consoienoe money 'by an anony- ' : mous individual' whose |conseience smote ' him because he used some water without » ?meter.— Burglaries so frequent ..that ,it..,iaJ advocated in all seriousness to grant ff^'e' pardons and gratuities to the. first six burglars who will tell the police the secret o£ their success. Eather rough on the force. —The first shipment of briquettes manu factured in Germany from Gippaland brown coal expected by tke steamer Erlanger on Wednesday next. — Salvation Army boom ing in spite of the slack times. They are now advertising for 60,000 brickB to build a central batracks in Melbourne. — Maggie Moore received a bearty reception at the Royal. Packed house and stage flooded ?with floral offerings. — Well deserved benefit to Armes Beaumont in the Town Hall this evening. Nov. 10. 