THE NOVELIST. WOOING AN AMAZON. By ITredbbkik Boyle. Author of " Treasnreof Thorbuma," " A Good Hater," "On the ,Botder Land," &o.;, &e.; CHAPTER in. It Professor Maofarlane looked for warm ex pressions of gratitude on returning to the study —as, in truth, was his right—he found dis appointment. The bewilderment and agita tion of the scene, which she very vaguely understood, had proved too much for Laura's shattered nerves. Begging Jenny to thank the Professor, she hurried out. Sir William also was diBoomposed, evidently impatient to be rid of his visitors. It is a terrible thing foe a man of that character to see the hopes and projects of a lifetime finally destroyed. Though he had not hesitated one moment in surrender ing them when Laura confessed her troubles —Mr. Hughes urging both, with stupid, kindly vehemence—the enthusiast felt he had nothing more to live for. And he could not force him self to be thankful towards the man who had wrought this disaster. Jenny was' grateful indeed, and she said so very prettily. But a woman's sense of obliga tion is always qualified—at least the expres sion of it muBt be constrained—when she knows what payment her benefactor hopes. Moreover, Jenny was anxious to follow Laura. She felt, as she said herself, something of a lover's interest in this sweet girl whose power of brain was equal probably to that of the greatest men living—whose body was more feeble than a ohild'e. Thus it happened that in ten minutes the three gentlemen were walking back, Mr. Hughes having carried off their phaeton. Two at least felt that the triumph had "fizzled" somehow. Sweyn had been cherishing the assurance that all would go well forthwith if Laura were relieved of her anxieties—relieved she was, but the prospeot looked worse than ever. Macfarlane had not such grave trouble. But Jenny's air was by no means what he would have liked; and she did not propose returning home that day. So they spent the evening alone and the Professor talked — not better than usual, probably, but in a way to astonish and delight General Bracebridge. This was the son-in law he would have chosen had it been left to him ! They spoke freely after dinner, and let Macfarlane understand that Jenny would be hard to win. " I recognised that," he said, smiling, "on the first glance—at least, I recognised the oharaoter, though I could not suppose it would have euch special interest for me. Miss Brace bridge, to be quite frank, belongs to the rare class of women who revolt against direobion of any kind, much more against a proposal to surrender their independence. If they be allowed time to reflect their instinct will always incline them them to eay ' no,' though feeling may silence it if strong enough. Suoh over powering emotion I cannot expeob to rouse m your daughter. General. My hopB was to gain her friendship, likiDg, and I venture to trust, respeeb. Then, favoured by circum stances—nob quite accidental, perhaps," he laughed—" I should have taken her by surprise, and secured my answer before she had time to think. Unfortunately, Miss Bracebridge has been warned." "You deserve to win her," oried the General, admiringly. "Why, Sweyn, this learned man understands Jenny's disposition better after a few hours' study than I who have known her all my life! I will flatter your judgment by a violation of confidence, Mr. Macfarlane. When I, unluokily, read your note aloud—in my bewilderment, you know, for I bad heard nothing of the faots— my son and I both agreed that Jenny was nob indisposed towards you, so far as it went—so far as it went! Bub then, ehe Bhut herself up all day whilst I was paying you a visit, and. on my return—I am sorry to say so, but suoh a strategist ought to be informed—she desired me to write at once and tell you it was out of the question. Result of reflection, as you say." " Ha ! Very unfortunate—but my fault. I took it for granted you knew the etory. Well —1 never saw the woman before in all my life whom I felt any wish to marry ! At my years, General, a man must put his wits into his courtship, seeing he has not the sympathy of youth to help him." "You do yourself injustice," the General began—and so he did. A man is as old as he feels, or as young, and; Professor Maofarlane at forty-three was more vivacious of mind and body than nine in ten of the undergraduates who followed bis lectures. But we need not pursue their courteous discussion. He did not return for some weeks, partly because the examination occupied his time. Sweyn had taken up his residence in London, the General's solicitors giving him a stool in their office, there to learn the practice of law before studying the theory in chambers. He worked hard to distract his thoughts, and rarely went home—never, as time went on, to Chesham. For Jenny was obliged to tell him that his visits had a bad effect. It was not that Laura disliked them—quite the contrary. The poor girl hardly ooncealed her love, though Sweyn had not ventured to speak openly again. But she was ill, nob only with disorders such as treatment can cure — perhaps — but more especially with nervous troubles beyond the grasp of soienoe. The state of things seemed hopeless for both lovers, but for Macfarlane in particular, because he had not yet begun his wooing when these obstacles interposed. Assistance came from a very unexpected quarter. After that disastrous effort to assert himself Mr. Hughes oould do longer resist the pressure from all quarters. He resigned hie office, and. then, having no family, drifted, as it were, to the houBe of his old schoolfellow and life- long friend, Sir William was glad to receive him for an indefinite stay. It might have been expected that Mr. Hughes would cherish ill-will towards the man who had upset his scheme of life though innocently. But such was not his feeling. He conceived a great admiration for Professor Macfarlane, which Laura shared. So, briefly, it came about that one morning, when the examination had long been over, and the Senior Examiner was at his wits' end to devise a means for renewing intercourse with Jenny, he received an invitation to spend a few days at Chesham. The visit proved a great success, even in the quarter where he was most anxious to suoceed. Jenny had been so very dull that she oould scarcely resist the longing to desert her post. Laura did not improve—or very, very slowly. Long since the time proposed for this visit to England bad reached an end. She had actually no one to ride with even, if the General was engaged, or the weather threatened his rheu matics. To her great surprise she discovered that a learned Professor may be a fair horse man—or indeed something more than fair. Not only did Macfarlane ride with her; _ha even persuaded Lanra to mount a very quiet pony sometimes, to the great advantage of her health. For this achievement Jenny was particularly grateful. It favoured PW the had longontertrtiiied, with very little hope of carrying them through. A less clear-sighted lover might have fancied he was making rapid progress, but Macfarlane would not allow himself to be deceived. The young lady liked him at first; she liked him better now-; but she never thought of marriage, and a proposal would be flatly, finally nega tived. Sir William Fatten found this visitor so much to his taste that he begged him to come down from Saturday to Monday for the rest of his existence! And Macfarlane did so frequently daring the summer term. Thns Mr. Hughes had an opportunity to observe the relations of those two, and—being sharp enough on suoh ground—he soon understood them. One day, sitting alone with Jenny, after the Professor had just left, he said, abruptly— "If 1 had a daughter, Miss Braoebridge, I should feel it a groat relief to entrust her to that young man." "If you were a father, Mr. Hughes, I hops you would be a more loving parent." " You mean more selfish. The most loving thing a parent can do towards bis daughter is to put her in the way of a good husband. That's a very old- fashioned idea, but it's not in this house that any reasoning creature would uphold the new fashion. A happymess our friend Fatten has made with it! Well, now, Miss Bracebridge, being a childless widower, X regard all good girls as my daughters, and yon—permit me to say so—m particular. Our acquaintance began under most unfavour able circumstances. I" Jenny interrupted smilingly. That subject had never been mentioned before nor hinted at by Mr. HugheB since the day of his discom fiture. " I have forgotten all the unfavourable cir cumstances long ago. There is no danger that yon will make a new set at this stage of our acquaintance, I hope ?" "No, my dear, because you will not take offence at an old man who has no purpose in speaking beyond an anxious wish to secure your happiness. Come, now, Jenny, you believe that? I have a very deep regard and respect for you. I have a great regard and respect also for Professor Macfarlane. He has said not one word of his feeling for you, but it is manifest. Please don't go!" He rose at the same time. " If you tell me you are determined never to marry I say no more, because you have not arrived at that conclusion without thought, I am sure, and I could not hope" Jenny heard no further. The General's un forgotten speech recurred to her mind, expres sing Hie same notion, as she fancied, with the greater freedom of a parent. "If Jenny, being the sensible girl she is, is resolved not to marry, doubtless ehe has a good reason 1" In dignation made her overlook the thousand Subterfuges by which a woman can escape, if she choose, even to answer such questioning, flushing hotly, Jenny gave a reasoned expla nation, though in brief, passionate form. " How could I live at Oxford among learned men and silly women, with whom I have not one thought to exchange?" "Oh, just let me tell Macfarlane that, my dear! I am certain he" But Jenny was gone, raging at herself. Hughes considered awhile; withdrew to hisownroom,wrotealetter, and posted it himself; a wary and prudent course, for had Jenny seen the address in that handwriting assuredly it would never have reached Camford, and events would have turned out otherwise. Macfarlane read the letter with amazement. "To think,"he muttered, "that I have over looked a consideration so obvious, which a dear old imbecile like this can perceive!"—for Mr. Hughes had loyally omitted all reference to Jenny, putting the explanation forward as an idea of bis own. The Professor did not do himself justice. He had not exactly overlooked the weariness and antipathy of all sorts whioh a girl like this would suffer in a life among done and their womankind. He had never thought of Jenny leading such an existence. It would be her right to choose their future course. Seeing she did not understand this—and no wonder!—Macfarlane set himself to meditate, as his judioioue practice was; but with no particular reBult. It is much, however, to be aware of an objection or a difficulty in one's path. About this time Sweyn pud him a visit of several days and they bad lone; talks. The young fellow pitted in this summer weather for his native veldt, as he called it—and gave descriptions of life in South Africa of whioh Macfarlane never seemed to tire. The fact is that he was looking for hints to be embodied— after verification—in an audaoious little work, already begun, which Bhould upBet the current theory,upon the stages of civilization. I need not say more about a book which has not yet appeared, nor ever will, propably. Those acquainted with the subject will understand. But Sweyn supposed it was an undeveloped Iiassion for veldt life which caused his host to isten so patiently. " Why," he said one day as they reclined in a punt on Clenill, " you ought to come over to us. Fiofessora are in demand at Gape Town. Or, by Jove!—Beauvil, a real old Boer, who has the next farm to ours, wants to sell it. I sayi that might be a good speculation for you in another point of view. The homestead is not two miles from ours. Macfarlane repressed an exclamation. " The Cape Town Professorship would be more in my line, thank you," he laughed. "But I should like to see Mr. Beauvil, if he is a real old fashioned Boer." "I warrant him genuine. But it wasBen zads, of Coleman-Btreet, who wrote to Jenny about it last week. I wanted to buy at the price, if only as a speculation, for it's awfully oneap. We know every acre of the land, but Jenny won't hear of it. The pluckiest of women are timid when it comes to speculating, aren't they ?" "That's one of their merits. Shall we get babkto'lunoh?" The subject dropped. But two hours after Maofarlane's solicitor received a telegram, and before Messrs. Benzada closed their office in Coleman-Btreet that gentleman called with a view to purchase the Beauvil farm. A few days later it was his, but immediately trans ferred to Eugene Macfarlane. Thus only theBe two knew the secret. Macfarlane had no distinct plan of operation, though the "general idea" as strategists say, was obvious. Jenny could not profess to fear incompatibility of associations when he was her neighbour on the veldt. At his next visit to Chesham, however, he found a certain excitement reigning. Quiet, rest, above all exercise had begun to tell on Laura. She herself was oonsoious of a change, and others perceived it in her manner, though as yet there were few outward signs. Upon tins assurance Jenny brought forward a seheme long and impatiently kept back. She proposed to take Laura to South Africa, there to remain until her health was quite restored. Characteristically, however, in all her medita tions she had never thought of les convenances• Sir William quite approved in the abstract, but, of ooorse, he pronounced it flatly impos sible for two unmarried girh to go out alone, and dwell alone in the wilderness. Even Sweyn would not be there, though that was a questionable disadvantage. Sir William ye viewed the elderly ladies among hii kinsfolk who might be persuaded to act as chaperon. But Jenny rejected them all with horror. Macfarlane found them at this deadlock, and released them in three minutes. Why ehould not Sir William go, and Mr. Hughes also, if he fancied the journey? He did, and so, in dne time, did Sir William. Jenny made no opposition. She warned them it would be hot, ana that luxuries must not be expected; but the objection was so faint that nobody heeded. There was much delay, however. When Buch travellers start for a long voyage many things have to be settled at home, many things to be purchased, and many arrangements made. To find servants alone is a task of the utmost gravity. But Jenny had everything in charge, shi and she worked wonders. Macfarlane per ceived that he had no time to lose. With expressions of deep regret and disappointment, he announced that it would not be possible for him to see them off. An old-standing engage ment to Bpend the long vacation with a friend abroad—so he put it vaguely—compelled him to say good-by. Mr. Hughes was puzzled; so was Laura; so was Jenny perhaps, though she would not have admitted it. But next day he left, with an air of light indifference more puzzling still, even a little disconcerting to the young lady. A week afterwards, Macfarlane sailed for the Cape, followed two months later by the party. Sweyn was left behind, but he had some consolation. Laura received him now, and long since, without the formality of a second proposal, he was aocepted—with Sir William's consent. Upon the young " " ' ' lovely lady's return, robust as a milkmaid, and lovely as Diane chasseresse, he hoped they were to be married. Those two months were delightfully busy with Macfarlane, who wished to nave his farm in working order, or neat at least, before Jenny bbw it again. It cost money. He took over two English shepherds—Scotch are too dogmatio to get on fast under new conditions—and he engaged a Managerof experience in CapeTown. Kaffirs and Hottentots remained upon the land. Stook also he bought in sufficient numbers to make a beginning, and he furnished the home stead comfortably. It may be believed that time passed quickly. His agent at Cape Town forwarded the telegraphic list of passengers by every mail. Before the names expected were found therein, Beauvil's farm had quite an old established sort of air. Laura picked up strength and, above all, spirits, hour by hour on the voyage. The old gentlemen also found themselves benefited. The sea was smooth, the servants attentive, Sir William had his private library and an ecclesi astical dignitary of learning sufficient to dis course with. They felt the heat a good deal, but that must be expected, running down the West Coast of Africa. One day Sir William observed casually that he would find the cool, breezy climate of the Cape peculiarly delight ful after this experience ! Jenny felt a fore boding thrill. Indifferent herself to heat as to cold—by comparison, that is—she had scarcely thought how these sedentary old men would suffer in the blaze of a South African autumn. They kept up their spirits, however, even at Cape Town—all would be well on the veldt up country. The ecclesiastical dignity and his lady pressed them to stay, but in vain. Laura regained strength by leaps and bounds. She loved the heat. Sir William heard her singing, positively, sometimes. The weary movements, the lines upon her forehead, the stooping walk —all had gone. For the first time now he un derstood by this contrast what his child must have suffered under a training she had not strength to bear. And his gratitute to Jenny was proportionate. That feeling enabled him to endure without reproach the very serious discomforts to which he was subject. Mr. Huarhes also nersDired in eilenoe. They left Cape Town by railway at night, but the air was as sultry as noontide, and full of dust. Beaching Camford before dawn, the hap leBS veterans got a few hours' sleep at the hotel ; but the sun fairly burnt them out of their beds by 8 o'olook, and then the flieB devoured them. At this point a drag sent on from Cape Town waswaitmg, "carts" for the servants, and a wagon for the impedimenta. Gloomily, after breakfast, Sir William took his seat. He said nothing yet, but all perceived that the expedi tion was a sad mistake. Till noon they rolled over the eternal veldt in breakneck fashion, travelling in a shroud of dust, dissolved in per spiration, a prey to flies, tossed up and down, or sloping at an angle that threatened upset, holding on to the stanchions of the awning for life. The road was a track of wheels. In vain did Jenny urge the stalwart "leader" to moderate his pace. Bent like a bow, he held the four galloping horses firmly in hand, whilst hisoomrade, the "driver,"oraoked a twenty feet whip, and yelled Dutch curses. Mr. Hughes was in a pitiable state of fear and misery. Sir William set his teeth, and spoke not a | word. Jenny might have cried with vexation had she not been furious. It was all her fault! Once more she had forgotten to make allowanoe for the infirmities of others. At noon they; reached an "Accommodation House"—the significant Cape name for an amateur inn—standing in a pretty old Dutoh village. "We will stay here to-night," said Jenny, after apologizing for her thoughtlessness, " whilst I send for my own people. " How much further have we to go?" asked Sir William. "Till to morrow evening, I fear." "Then we will bear the ills we have," he answered, firmly. Widow Groethede had never "accommo dated" a more miserable party. And it was but the beginning! Before they started, Jenny went round to in terview the blacks. They could not go slow, of course, especially with fresh horseB, but they need not gallop. As she left the stable, a "oart" drove up, a dandy cart new painted with snowy awning, and a handsome pair—a white servant beside the man driving too! Why, her brain must be affected, or ghosts do walk—ghoBts even drive! Jenny stood with her mouth open, speechless in amaze. " Good day, Miss Bracebridge! I beard you were coming, and I drove over to welcome you." "Is it Professor Macfarlane—in flesh and blood?" she gasped. It is indeed!" He jumped down. But regard me as a Boer henoeforward. I am the owner of Beauvil's farm, and the supremacy of four fleeces is going to be challenged at last, warn you. Sir William is here, and Miss Fatten ?" Jenny paid no more attention to the marvel of thiB encounter. "Yes," she cried, dolefully, "and I have made euch an awful mistake—such a series of idiotio oversights. I forgot that Sir William could not etand the heat of this season. I for got bow bad our roads are and how those Mo zambiquers drive. The poor old gentlemen are half dead already. I seriously believe they will turn back before evening and take the next mail to England—Laura and all." "That's a bad report," said Macfarlane, in wardly chanting pssans of triumph. " Let me see what I can do." " What a fool I am, after all," Jenny ex claimed, with passion, as they walked. "And, somehow, you always turn up to convict me of it." " That's unkind," he laughed. " Could you not put it rather that gaid fortune leads me to your side when you are in trouble!" "Oh, you can't help me here," Jenny answered, too disconsolate to pursue the sub ject. The next scene may be passed over—all astonishment and explanation. Then the drag caxne round, and dismal forebodings silenced the passengers. " Allow me to suggest something," said Macfarlane. "Suppose you proceed in my cart? Miss Bracebridge will drive." A blessed idea! They already knew that a Cape cart is by no means like our English one, and when the professor's was brought up Mr. Hughes declared it quite an equipage. The superior comfort of such travel needed no ex planation. " And I said you could not help me," Jenny murmured to him, aside. " Oh, I am so grate ful." She herself clung to the drag, however, and Maofarlane drove the others. It was an improvement incalculable. They were not stifled with dust nor jolted beyond bearing. They could talk and even laugh a little, wonder at the strange scenery, note a herd cf spring bok in the distance, and the pretty meercats at hand, watch the mirage, ever changing shape and character. But the awful sun re mained, growing hotter and hotter. "I fear, Macfarlane," said Sir William, drawing him aside at theoutepan, "I fear I cannot endure this. Nor can Hughes, certainly. A month of it would kill him." Macfarlane could not deny this statement. Both gentlemen already showed a worried, anxious look, which he saw with alarm. He could only say, " Miss Bracebridge will be sadly distressed. Tour daughter seemB to enjoy the heat, aotually. I see an amazing improvement in her." Idon't blame Jenny, poor girl,"Sir William continued. " She is so terribly strong that the scarcely notices things that crush other people. Yes, Laura is recovering health in a marvellous way. If it were nob for that I should not feel justified in remaining here one hour longer. It ib a cruel situation." "You would not take Miss Fatten away now?" Mow couia x possibly leave ner in cnarge ot an unmarried girl in this lonely country? It's out of the question. And I must add that Jenny's thoughtlessness—that is not quite the word—her inability to sympathise with, or rather to comprehend, the frailty of ordinary mortals, does not strengthen my confidence in her fitness to take care of a delicate ohild." The horses were put to. "However," he added, " we will wait a few days. PosBibly, one may not feel the heat so much when settled beneath a roof." Macfarlane knew the worth of that solace. Another sweltering night, in a cottage where all three men had to share a tiny room, another day upon the blazing veldt, very, very nearly decided the question.- Had be not felt himself unable to bear the journey without a rest, Sir William would have insisted on turning baok. At evening tbey reached their destination. Jenny, pushing in advance, had all thingB ready, and the homestead was as comfortable as circumstances would permit—as pretty also. But an English eye does not easily beoome accustomed to such buildings, dazzling with whitewash, unshaded by trees, standing bare and stark on a grey plain. They saw it under the best conditions indeed. All the stock was gathered in review—thousands of sheep wait ing, each flock headed by its band of goats, to which alone the Hottentot shepherd gave his order; a fine herd of cattle, bellowing and struggling on one side the dam as they were led to water in detachments; twenty or thirty horseB on the other side; two camels with young, and a drove of ostriches. A lively and charming scene it was, musical with " baa" of lambB, and "low" of cows, impatient to be milked. Laura screamed with delight as they emerged from a "kloof," and beheld it far away. But pastoral pictures do not comfort old gentlemen in distress. Macfarlane saw that the catastrophe would soon arrive, and he prepared for it in hiB way. Jenny came out alone <%> thank him once more, as he drove off. " It is all as miserable as could be, almost," she said dismally. " But if you had not turned up in that extraordinary fashion, what would have become of us ?" "It was not really extraordinary," he said, smiling, "because I settled in South Africa with no purpose or hope but to relieve you as far as a man can of all your troubles, when I oannot share them. Of course, therefore, I was looking out for an opportunity." "What can you mean?" she murmured blushing, and not looking in his face, whioh was significant. " If you cannot guess, after so many months, will you listen patiently when I ex plain?" Not waiting a reply Macfarlane departed. He rode over next morning. The heavy wagon had arrived, and the English servants were sullenly unpacking it. After the easy, hospitable fashion of the land, he entered the liviDg room. Sir William was saying—"I could not express my sorrow, but it is abso lutely impossible." All eyes turned to Macfarlane. Laura was sobbing on her father's breast. Jenny sat, very pale, a figure of despair; the veterans looked miserable but firm, as men making a stand for life. "Ah, the FrofesBorwill agree with me. I have told Jenny that if she had a husband's protection I should be overjoyed to leave my daughter here. But as things stand it cannot be." The chance bad oome—in a moment, per haps, it would be gone for ever. All depended on hie tact in utilizing it. He advanced, smiling." "I should not have dared to propose such a thing on my merits," he said, "but if Miss Bracebridge would find it convenient just now to have the protection of a husband, I They burst into laughter. The blushes flew to Laura's face, but she clapped her hands in glee before running to Jenny. That young lady tried to say something—indignant, perhapB— but Laura held her, whispering convulsively. After an instant's struggle, she ran from the room, carrying the girl with her. They felt sure it was a double peal they heard as the door closed. So Jenny was won. Laura brought the assurance of her consent presently, and by evening it wsb formally acknowledged. In offering bis congratulations Mr. Hughes said— " I expected this long ago, Professor. But afterwards I thought myself mistaken." "No, my dear old friend," Macfarlane re plied, heartily. "It was your hint that put me on the track; To you also, Sir William, I am indebted for my introduction to Jenny. When we trace back the threads that have woven so happily together, it really seems as if this marriage were made in heaven. Had I not met Jenny I should certainly have died a bachelor. And she is good enough to hint tbat she had never seen the man Bhe could honour and obey until she met me." SirWilliam took patience under theseoircum stances, but there was no time to lose. Nextday they set out for Cape Town; in a fortnight the lovers were married, and the old gentlemen returned to Europe. Laura spent the brief time of honeymoon as a guest at the Bishop's house, and accompanied the happy pair to their home on the veldt. A year later they took ber back to Chesham, as bright of eye and rosy of cheek—though terribly sunburnt—as bold in the saddle and as clever in the dairy as any Boer | maiden who can read no print except a folio Bible. There she was married to Sweyn, who did not go back to the colony. "And so, Professor," said Mr. Hughes,after the ceremony, "this is the moral of the higher j training! The pursuit of it brought Laura to death's door. Throwing it up, she has found a good husband and happiness. Thousands of | girls find the same who cannot read or write." "Allow me," said Maefarlane. "That is not the moral of the case. The higher train ing is right and wholesome; bnt a girl should not be submitted to it unless she have a mother —or some near relative, as watchful and loving —to whom she will confide her troubles." The End. 