f.OTE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: AH INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. Br OSCAR PARK. CHARTER HI. STK.UNOi RELATIONS. Tiicv -vvcrc to start at. eleven the next morning. t.i a mcssnge from Mrs. Burdiek, asking Miss Mmvbray whether ©be wonld not ro with them, i e "i:l had sent an afnri native -inswcr. It was a viTir «be had wished to make, hut she had not v. :.«W ikai Sinor Marcnnti should he of their t -r;v. Siie fclfannoyed that Mrs. Burdiek should have ineotMlied the proposed excursion while lie present, and ycl she was not. so unjust as to \ 'Jt cnun t hat lady even t licgentlcsi of reproaches. u.is unfortunate; thai was all. KijniQr >1 trcrmii had plainly not lost a certain real or .---tuned dex-oiion. which had declared itself some hefore when he had met her in London, n'ri 'which offended her without her being aide to si.-v i-icnily why. beyond the fact that it was dis- iviei'ul. Nothing in the nature of a proposal ii i«i ever been made to her by iiiin, ana she c-ui'd not say that at any moment of their ac quaintance this mans conduct was other than thai .if a gentleman, making allowances for the differences of expression lielonging respectively to the Saxon and Latin races. Nevertheless, in all hi- intercourse with her there was a warmth which chafed her constantly, though it never ap- mnsuVd a limit where she felt justified in rc&ent-; j, 1;, j-. It seemed toiler now that she did not care to make cue of the party to the catacombs if he, tun.\v;i«to be of it : and she had quite made up her mind Jl5.ii she would remain with her father for l ,P (j ;i Not that there was any necessity for Jjcr MMvi-.es. He always declared peevishly to «>verv such offer of hers, that his servant suited jiir.s bolter than anyone else. She went to hi siitir.g-room when she left the party in the drawing-room and gave him an account- of the evening. She concluded it by saying 44 They are r.ll going to the Catacombs to-morrows and for a drive on the Campagna and lunch. They asked hip to go. but- 1 prefer not." He had not looked at her or spoken during her account. Now with liis eves still on the wood fire before him he asked — "who are to go, do you e;»v '"Mr. and Mrs. Burdiek, Mr. Thorndon, Signor Marcnnti. and the young gentleman who spoke to us in the Forum to-day. Mr. Dormsen." 44 J wihli you to go with them.5' She looked at hira in surprise. He never spoke in this way hut for some reason of weight with him, and she could not conceive what it might portend. But her response to Mrs. Burdicks inquiry was—' " Yes, 1 shall go with yon." There were two carriages for the party, and as 1 hoy drew up at the doore of the bote! fSignor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist Miss Mowbray and secure a place by her side. Her eyes had caught the movement, and she impulsively turned to Dormsen, who stood near her, and said, ""\Vill you ride with Mrs. Ilurdick and rue, Mr. Dormsen ? " Dormsen, with a quick flush of plcasurc.stepped before the Italian without noticing tlic purpose of the latter, over whoj-e face passed an angry scowl. But Dormsen saw notuing of it. and, alter assist- in;: the ladies to their places, followed them into the carriage. The second carriage held the other tlivce gentlemen. They drove down the modern Via National© with its monotonous rows of tall and ugly buildings ; through the narrow streets of the older and poorer quarters between the Capi- tolinc and llic Qurinul : near the spot where Tarquinia drove her chariot over the dead body of licr father ; past the glim arches of the Colosseum : then between the gardened slopes of the Palatine and Cociius, and the waste lands of this deserted quarter of Home; through the ancient walls by the gate of St. Sebastian and into i i:c Appiau Way. They halted where a gateway evened on abroad gravel walk. "J Lave arranged," said Signor Marconti, as iVy ail stood together at- the entrance, "for a tM -ir extended walk through the Catacombs than i».-i!ors usually have." fi:ov passed on to the steep st a invar, made at .one remit date for a more commodious descent ; - rii'- pas.-ages below. To each was given a long s._:!:ioil taper, and presently tliey stood farunder- grniuid on ihe uneven surface of the uppermost of \ !n>e dismal tunnels. Everyone knows, at least by docription. the general features of the Catacombs, l-.s: n«x one can cmceive ex«ept- by personal ex perience tlie hoiriblc depression which ever i:-. ilicrs weight as you wind onward in that in- t r-; minable grave. Cpon all our party there came a bidden s.iloucc, as tiielast Tar of sunlight failed Mid their fitful torches threw strange, ghost-like gleams into the channelled spaces, branching ever and anon from right and left as they advanced, nr on some pallid bones and skulls grinning at tliem from the opened niches they were passing. They were walldng in a tunnel, whose roof T'l.-o scarcely above their heads ; the floor uneven and rugged': the wails so close together in places that their clothing almost touched on each side the redely excavated stone. On they went, turning and w inding, now on a sharp descent, and even, as it i-C'.'iricd, plunging deeper and deeper into the' depths of the earth. It l>ecame too fearful to oidurein silence, and a gaiety that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed along the galleries. A remark, which ecyild be tortured into the scm- bi:;.:ifc of a icsi, would arouse peals of laughter. To think in silence was torture. The place was cnmjoh like a tomb, without those endless graves, loshake ilic stoutest heart unfamiliar with its bonois : but to everyone the uacoflincd skeletons half disclosed from amid their black shadows uadfr the passing glimmer of the tapers emphasised tlic terrors of the place. That pan or woman must have a heart of stone, a spirit of wood, who can go unmoved through the Cata combs. He is not a coward who shrinks from it, and who-e lip pales in those hideous vaults; but- he w ho really feels the nameless terror and cudmcs it i« blessed with a courage of generous proportions. "Shall it never end ?" muttered Christopher Dormsen to himself, as tkev seemed to go deeper and deeper. He alone of tbem all appeared to have no heart even for the affected hilarity .of the otners. A cold persniratiou caught the light in wmmnerablc tiny drops all over his face and lorehcud. It was not the warmth of that underground air, for he shivered from 'time to time as though chilled. It weighed upon him Jnore horribly than a nightmare, from which we . straggle hi vain JoWreed. Theclose walls seemed ! to pro:- upon his lungs, and the breath came. < J iloored as with an e&oxt.; To him it was not i tnc coDsciousness of the uses to which these awful I rus were put : not the graves and their fleshless J bones thai made the torture so great, but the I fcn?eof confinement, of suffocation, of slow death ; in ga=ps for air. He did not speak He ficaixi the toioco the laughter <of the others, as in : a urcani one hear Uie speech of others "from some- i distance. His mind caught no sense of wjiat v/as said. . He was walking just In front of Miss Mowbray i and behind Marconti, whowas followingtheguidc, -»ir. Ilurdick was the last. His interest was not so xecn as to make it probable be would -wander from the party, so that they were vciy sure to remain a compact body, wliile he was the las tand the guide 3'rs: liome remark of Miss Mowbra\"!6 caused the J uilian to turn towards her, and, as he did so, his j-yes fell on Donnsen's face. It was i mpossibl e tliat keen vision should not detect Hie other's dis tress. His glance rested but an ' instant on Jlonnsen,and be turned KsnV awu'n and walked on ynthout speaking, though he nad deady looked vcmnd him witli thepurpose of maJdngsomereply cO iliss Mowbray. His bloodless lips ba»me com pressed, and his eyes peered down the unexplored passages they passed with a vrndicHveBghtwlmeh. , as certainly not roused by the empty moom into which they looked. There axemen' withwhom j ancies rise into the dignity of facte upon .the unaided impulse of their own passions. We fhjnV. ordinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must . !1C justified to the common sense., of mankind; ' but, as alwayswheu we generalise, wetnake oux ruietoonaiTow, oromit to aljow Lor tlie eXc-" rte to say that in nbfiddof possible knowledge are exceptions so maiwBndjBO inexplicable as to our general rules of mshtel l phenomena. "T- -' Mr. Hurdick, from his post ait Ae!xeu gave\? Jnce from time to time of hfeprehai. ; IEb,', oxce now sounded along the linR btforemi/ t-Hiiigh muffled by the close -nndindihg .sridls ; a dreadful wiaSte 'bf labour r : vouidn't they grow 4< Mr. BurdickV said .j you arc incorrimblei-. 1 Lje cathedrals into wine vanlia'jlSou -uoul3.jiae 1 these things for any purpose cow — except foi ; exercise." 41 Yes, if this fellow walks us about much more," said Thomdon, in a somewhat judigoaot ( tone, ' I shall wish we had one of you waggons down here, Mr. Burilick, to take «: hack. I think we have walked a couple c! miles into these endless holes, andtlicyare nil quire alike for anything lean see. One group of galleries and shelves and family vanhs and bones is just like another group. How they ever got to their own, or distinguished it when they did get to it, is more than I can understand." lie had scarcely spoken, when a sudden turn brouit them to the foot of the stops by which they had entered, and a glunmerof I.ivlightbroke . upon them. Without retracing any of tLeir Ftc-=, but by a wide circuit, they hail again reached the entrance. "When tliey stood. once more in the day- ! light even the least sensitive among lhcin felt the relief — the dear boons of light And untram- j melled space. Dormsen walked quickly awav | towards the waiting carriages, and Mr. Buixlick ! followed hira, leaving the others chattering over the strange experience with a rebound to jnyou.s life that was no' longer affected. Dormsen stood with uncovered head, wiping Ibe moisture from liis forehead and panlitig liard as tliough from some severe physical or' mcutal strain, when Mr. Burdiek ciune u> to him. "It shames ine," said Dormsen, ajiolngetically, 41 that I am so much affected by that grave," i '" Oh, nonsense ! was the rcjdy, " we all felt i queer. It's an uncomfortable hole, or scries or ! holes rather. But I followed you up because 1 I n-anted to ask you something. You'll excuse inc. I know. I'm a blunt fellow and usually sny whai I think, and ask any questions that conic into my head. Do you laiow this Italian, Mr. — what's his name — Marconti t " " 1 saw him yesterday, after the table <Tkotct the first time. I do not know him more." 44 Has he any grudge against you — dislike you for anything, you know"? Ever get in his way ? " 44 How could it be, Mr. Burdiek ? No, I am sure not. We have nothing in common ; no." 44 Well, he looked at you once while we were down in the Catacombs, as though he would like to bury you there and leave yon. If I was in your place I would keep an eye on him, unless I was prepared to let him liave his own way." The others were coining up to them, Signor Maiconti walking, with Miss Mowbray behind Mrs. Burdiek andMr. Thorndon. 41 1 hoped to have come in the carriage with you, Miss Mowbray," he was saying. 4 4 Do ymi think 1 should have joined your party for the society of the English emiuyi or the American ?" 44 They are my friends, Signor Marconti. I hope vou will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whatever vou may think." 44 No, pardon, Miss Mowbray! Not your 'friends.' There cannot be a common ground between you and them. Yon cannot think their thoughts. And the other — Monsieur Dormsen — he is a boy ; but I envied him his privilege. " H e was watching her face closely, and saw the quick flush which overspread it and faded as quickly apai" He placed liis own interpretation upon it, but in fact it only arose because liis words recalled her impulsive act, by which she bad spared herself tins man's companionship in the riae. There was no opportunity for more. They bad reached the carriages and were soon seated and on their way to their picnic ground, which was to be under the shadow of the arches of one of 1 lie Aqueducts, whose long lines streten across toe ('auipogna. It was in aeferenee to a vliim of Mr. ' Burdicks that the place was selected. To him these waterways wore fascinating in proportion to llic irnbsurdity. lt was one of the mildest oftlieKoman winter days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of Hie suu with their welcome shelter. The rolling level of the . Campagna stretched away on all sides; here to the haze hovering above the sea ; there to the long, gray walls of the ancient city ; and before them— to right and left — to flic foot of the Aiban mountains and tlie Sabine hills. The fresh grass sprang in thick tufts about the foot of the massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and green lizards flashed here and there among the leaves or over ihe grev stones. No sound of life reached them. Beyond and within the circle of those dis- taut walls what life had throbbed for long «igo> ! And there along the line of iJic Apman Way lav the ruined tombs of those who ban walked the streets of the marble city long 'before tlic walls : now looked upon were built. And all about lay ' the desolate fever-plagued wastes, where once had been blooming garaens and waving fields of corn. 44 How much more vividly," exclaimed Clara Mowbray, 44 1 can picture the old life of Home when I get away from its distracting mixture of all the centuries, and only see its great walls from a spot like this. My fancy can put what it will behind them now." 44 T could be more enthusiastic about it," half grumbled Thorndon, 44 if tbey had made their i water-pipe tight. That is the second drop this ; Aqueduct has leaked int« niv neck." 44 Oh, this sort of tiling," said Mr. Burdiek, 1 glancing up at the old arch above them with a Took of disgust, 44 this sort of tiling is a sham. When 1 think of the general inutility of such a contrivance, and the sliameful waste of labour . and money in " "Mr. Burdiek!" Interrupted his wife," have you , any conception of the odight of an unalloyed ( holiday?" j "Or of conversation without vulgarity," said Marconti, in a tone pitched so low as only toreacli j tbc ear of Clara Mowbray, near whom be had | placed himself. j 44 It is better than coarseness," she answered, j without lookingat him. j He bit his lip and t-unied presently to Dormsen. i 44 And yon, Mr. Dormsen, you find this expanse j more generous than the Catacombs of St. Cal- : lislus.. | 44 Yes, the Catacombs were appalling. I shall , not repeat my visit." j 44 Tney are not pleasant, Mr. Dormsen. It is not pleasant to be lost in them, should you j think?" | 44 Why do you suggest such a horror?" asked Miss Mowbray 44 Has it ever happened?" Mrs. Burdiek in quired, with a shudder. . 44 Ah, yes! I will shew Mr. Dormsen some day," he said, as he turned again to that young man, 44 something interesting in one of the Cata combs. I will take blm to the spot where a man once perished in awful agony. A few steps mora would have brought him to the light, but he died iu Hie darkness and loneliness and horror of his sure fate." Dormsen rose and walked away without reply ing. Marconti looked after him with a sinister smile on his lips, which Mr. Burdiek noted, if no one else did.- Clara Mowbray was conscious that some spirit,not altogether a fitting guest at a pic nic, was moving in their midst, buttuefcelingpassed as the lunch progressed, and a more jovial temper asserted itself among them all. Even Marconti . yielded to its influence,' though that was not so remarkable perhaps, 1 his was a nature that ; could plot and parley at the same time. And conld be wholly himself j with a spirit so antagonistic to his own breathing ; thesame atmosphere with him,yet felt, as he could ! not help feeding, the influence of the bright day , and genial air and, more all besides, the ; delight of & companionship which was beginning to move him witii stxangerorce. So the early after noon wore oh and the shadows were growing towards the east when they started on their return drive. iTo be cotUiHtic&l; 