BELL INSCRIPTIONS. (Newbery Home Magazine.) As an old writer on the subject once remarked, we are accustomed to hear the bell speak for itself. From youth to age its music is sent forth through crowded streets or floats with sweetest melody above the quiet fields. It gives a tongue to time, which would otherwise pass over our heads as silently as the clouds, and lends a warning to its perpetual flight. It is the voice of rejoicing at festivals, at christenings, at marriages, and of mourning at the departure of the dead. From every church tower it summons the faithful to the sanctuary, and when life is over faith- ful and unfaithful alike rest within its sound. The tone of the bell comes, therefore, to be fraught with memorial associations, and we know what a throng of mental images of tho past eau be aroused by ita molody, " I don't know," said the late Sir Stafford Northcote, " that ono could choose any of man's in- ventions which has mora various and touching nsso ciatioua than a bell, and certainly church bells must tako a leading place in tho great poem that might bo written on thom." Tho " great poem " is yet un- written, but tho poets have, nevertheless, long since taken tho bell to their hearts, and havo cast around tho dust-begnmed, cobwebbed old belfry a »pecios of romaneo which is almost sui generis. Did not Longfollow find ia Bruges the, groundwork of perhaps his most fanciful of short poems V And do wo not know Edgar Allan Poo ns much by thow witching vorses on " The Bells " ns by tho Haven itself ? Tho songs which havo glorified tho existence of bells aro in truth to lie found in moat modern lan- guages, for in spite ' of the natural ugliness of bells viowed simply as bolla, thcro coonil to have boon for ages past aomo wild fascination nliout these time-honoured objects which has exorcised tho gomus of tho bard. It might not ho cosy to account satis- factorily for this, but happily it ia not now necessary to ranko tho attempt. To-day wo wish to speak not of bolla themselves, but of their inscriptions. Our leading archaiologists claim for church bells a certain valuo in regard to the inscriptions which the lobs modorn specimens usually bear, and which, ns has been said, " servo as so many guido-posts directing to facts belonging to past ages." Sometimos indocd tho boll carried nothing mora than the founder's namo and a date, or perhaps a short ejaculation of a pious nature. But this was not usually tho caso. Tho old- est of tho Anglo-Saxon bells which aro still to be found in England goncrally bear, in addition to tho name of tho founder, tho name, if not of the Saviour or of tho Virgin Mary, at any rato that of aomo Apoatlo or eminent saint, nearly always accompanied with tho entreaty Ora pro «obis (Pray for 113). In hitor times tho invocation was extended ; and sen- timents like the following, expressed in tho old Monkish Latin, bocatno common" : " Jesus, legurd this work, and by Thy strength prosper it." " May my sound plcaso Thee, O Christ, Heavenly Kong." " In the namo of Jeans I call, sounding Mary in the woild." This lust inscription nooma to have boon a favourite, for it is found very ofton, though occasionally in slightly diifcrout phiasoology. Thus wo have,* " I souud in tho world tho name of Mary ;" " I um called Mary, nnd Lound tho lioso of the world," &c.; One old bell dedicated to tho Virgin boro tho in- scription, " I :im called Mary : I disperso the storms, scatter enemies, and drivo away domons." Thia supposed power of the boll is no doubt trncoablo to the superstition of the people in theso remote times. Wo know that it waa sometimes customary when a bell was being consecrated to pray that it might be endowed with power to drive away devils, and dissi- pate thundorstorma, hail, and tempests. One boll at ¡ichaffhauscn and another at Lucerne proclaim that thoy "mourn at funerala, disperse storms, honour festivals, excite the tardy, and pacify tho turbulent," and a Latin inscription to the same effect was common in tho Middlo Ages " Tunera plango, Fulgura frange, Sabbate pango, Excito lentes, Dissipo ventos, Paco cruentos." No doubt the evil spirits were held to bo tho cause of rough weather, as well as of other temporal ills, and being alarmed at tho saintly sound of the bells, thoy would make a speedy disappearance ! " For this reason," says Durandus, " the Church, when a tem Eost is seen to arise, rings tho bells, that the flonds, oaring tho trumpets of the Eternal King, may floe away, and couse from raising the storm." At the timo of tho Bofonuation this ridiculous notion was exposed with delicate satire by Latimer. " You know, said ho, " when thero was a storm, or fearful weather, then we rung the holy bells ; they were they that nvust make all things well ; they must drive away the devil ! But I tell you, if the holy bells would serve against the devil, or that ho' might be put away through thoir sound, no doubt wo would Boon banish him out of all England ; for I think if all the bolls in England should bo rung together at a certain hour, there would bo almost no place but some, bells might bo heard there, and so tho devil Bhould have no abiding-place in England." This may be said to have given the death-blow to bell superstition iu England; but on some parts of tho'Continent the efficacy of a pool in turning away the temptations of the enemy of mankind as well as storms and tempests continued to be, and in certain places still is, recog- nised. So late as 1832 the Bishop of Malta ordered all the church bells to be rung for au hour to allay the gale ; but it is right to add that the order may bavo boen given from a notion, common in some quarters, that the ringing of bolls disperses storms, or keeps them at a distance by moving the air. " Lot tho bells in cities and towns be rung often," says an old ecclesiastic, " thereby the air is purified." Thus it is, perhaps, that on some of the earlier bells the in- scription " I drivo away pestilence" is met with. The scriptural or religious inscriptions are gene- rally in the form of such texts as " O bo joyful m the Lord," "Give thanks to God," "The Lord to praise my voice I'll raise," &c.; At Ashbourne we have " On earth bells do ring, In heaven angels sing-Hallelujah ; " and "My cheerful notes aloft shall raise To sound my Benefactor's praiso." Sometimes a kind of moral aphorism is attempted : " When souls aro from their body torn, 'Tis not to die but to be born." "When backward rung I tell of fire : Think how the world sholl thus expire." "Mankind, like us, too oft aro found Possessed of nought but empty sound." The first " Great Tom " of Lincoln told us that it was dedicated " to sound sweetly unto salvation of 1 the Holy Spirit proceeding from the Father and the Son ;" and a bell of 1667 In Carlisle Cathedral has the [ following exhortation : " I warn yo how your time , passes away. Serve God, therefore, while life doth I hut, and wy. Otoo« fat üswW« fito." Frow»hJv. the ¡ longest inscription on any bell in the country is that I on the great bell in Glasgow Cathedral, doted 1"90. Ii is as follows : "In the year of grace 1504 Marcus Knox, a mer- chant in Glasgow, zealous for the interests of the re- formed religion, caused me to be fabricated in Hol- land for the use 'of his fellow-citizens of Glasgow, and placed mo with solemnity in the tower of their cathedral. My function was onnounced by tho im- press on my bosom-' Yo who hear me como to learn of holy doctrine ; ' and I was taught to proclaim the hours of unheeded time. Ono hundred and ninety five years had sounded their awful warnings when I was broken by the hands of inconsiderate and un- skilful men. ïn the year 1730 I wa« cast into tho furnace, rofounded at London, and returned to my sacred vocation. Beador ! thou slialt also know a resurrection-may it bo unto eternal life." If ono could bo ouro that the inscription would ever hove many readers, one might pardon its length on account of its redeeming conclusion. In Fro-Reformotion times bell mottoes were generally devised by tho ecclesiastics, and were often felicitous, nearly always reverent. Later on, when priestcraft had given place to people-craft, we find almost incrediblo instances of ignorance, egotism, and Íiuerility. In these days it frequently happened that he partv paying for the boll decided as to the inscrip- tion, ona when this was the case the virtues of the donor wero seldom left unsung. Thus a bell at Bent- ley, Hampshire, is inscribed : " John Eyer gave twenty pound To meet mo a losty sound." Other mottcos of this kind which we have noted are : " I'm given here to melto a peal, And sound the prawo of Mary Neale." 'Robert Fortran collected the money for casting this bell,, TU surely do my part as well." " At proper times my voice Til raise, And sound to my subscribers' praise." " Humphrey Symson gave xx pounds to buy this bell, And the panah gave twenty pound moro to make this ring go well." " AU you of Bathe that hear mee sound, Thank Lady Hopton's hundred pound." This last inscription ia found on a bell in the Abbey Church of Bath. In 1813 an eccentrio individual named Nash bequeathed £50 a year to the bell ringers of this church, " on condition of their ringing on tho whole peal of bells with clappers muffled various solemn and doleful changes on tho 14th of May in every year, being the anniversary of my wedding day ; and on the anniversary of my decease to ring a grand bob-major and merry mirthful peal, un muffled, in joyful commemoration of my happy release from domestic tyranny and wretchedness.'' The donor adds, " And no\\. that dear divine man (to use Mrs. Noah's own words) the Rev. --, of -, may resume his amatory labours without enveloping himself in a sedan chair for fear of detec- tion 1" We have heard of things going " merry as a marriage bell." Mr. Nash would evidently have given a different turn to the expression. Speaking of the marriago bell reminds tin of several inscriptions of an amatory character. A very common inscription is the following, found at Coventry, Knuresborongh, Northampton, and other places : .' In wedlock's banda all yo who join , With bands your heart« unite, . So shall our tuneful tongues combine To laud the nuptial rife." On a couple of Lincolnshire bells, one of 1807, the other of 1808, wo have the following : " When femólo virtuo weds with manly worth, Wo catch tho rapture and wo Bprcad it forth." Very often the happy pair are reminded of the transiteriness of human existence, and of the end of all things. Here are two specimens of this kind of inscription, tho first from Bakewell (1798), the second from Thornton Curtis, Lincoboshiro (1761) : " When men in Hymen's bands unite, Our merry peals produce delight; But when death goes his dreary rounds We send forth sad and solemn Bounds." " The praise of God I sing, Anil triumph of tbo king. The marriage joys I tell, And sound [«<.] the dead man's knell." A .very suggestive inscription is that on ü¡e bell at Hough-ou-the-Hill, Lincolnshire. It is doted 1038, and runB as follows: " When you do hear this moumfol sound. Prepare yourself for underground." Another very common form of this inscription, was : " All men that beare my mournful sound, 1 . Repent before you lyo m ground." On the tenor bell of St. Benet's, Cambridge, we find tho following doggerel verso : " John Drapor mado roo in 1018 an plainly doth appear. This bell waa broako and cast ngainc, which tyme churchwardens were Edward Dixon for the one who stodo close to his taeklin And he that waa his partner then was Alexander Tacklyn." The rhymester was evidently solely exercised over the nome of Tacklyn, and made nothing of it after all. Tho largest of the Westminster Abbey bolls bears this inscription : " Remember John Whitmcll, Ipabel his wife, and Winiam lins, who first gavo this boll, 14.TO. Kew cant in July, 15.19, and in April, 1738. Richard rhclps, T, Lester, fecit." A smaller bell in tho same tower expresses a very laudable desiro in tho following lines : " Tilomas Lester, London, rando rae, And with the rcstl will agree, £o\cntccn hundred and forty-three." Some of the inscriptions aro simply expressions in support of Church and State principles. In one of the Halifax (York) churchos there is an inscription which has evidently been written by a warm supporter of royalty : " Fearo God, honour the king. For obedienco is a vcitcons thing. "With sweotost voices wo will sing. And loudly say, God navo tho lang." " Prosperity to tho Church and King," " May the Church of England over flourish," &c;, are frequent mottoes of tins class. Each lull in a peal nt 8. Michael's, Covontry, if wo aro to'judgo from its mottoes, had a special uso of ita own. Thus No. 4 waa evidently tho workmon'a bell : " I ring at siv. ti let men know, "When vo and from their work to go." No. 7 was the bell for summoning worshippers to Church : " I ring to sermon with a lusty bombo, That all may como and nono may Btay at home." No. 8 was the flro-bell, of which, too, wo have a specimon in the Cbnrch at Sherborne : "Lordl quench this furious name, Arifo, run, put out tho same." One boll in All Saints, Northampton, say« : "I mean to make it understood, That though I'm little, yet I'm good." Whilst anothor at S. Ives says " Ariso and go about your business." Tho first ot the two last reminds us of unother inscription in our note-book : " I am the first, although but small, I will be heard abo\o jon all." Punning inscriptions aro not often to be mel with. . The following, found at Towcofltcr, North Hants, may bo hold at, belonging to this clnss : "Pull on, bra\o boys, IVl metal to tbo bock, But will be bunged before I track." A be!I-foun Boris of punning mottoes on his bells, tho following, also from Towclieatcr, being a specimen : " "When fov.r this steeple long did hold They vero tho ombicms of a ¿cold. No iii^ic, But wo sholl seo What Plcnnant music bit will bo"." Tho decorations of bells, as distinguished from the moro lettering, huvo been tersely describod by Mr. Llewellyn Jew itt, F.S.A., ob consisting of encircling inscriptions, usually on the haunch ; encircling borders both on the crown, tho haunch, tho waiBt, the sound-bow or rim, and of moro or Iosb uloborato design ; crossos of ovory conceivablo character ; figuroa of aomts and angels ; ovongelistic and other symbols; horaldio bearings : heads of kings and queous ; grotesque figures derived from medirovul literature ; ornaments of various kinds-roses, fleur de-lis, crowns, quatro-foila, &c;, &c;, and marks ond dovicos, as well us initials und names of foundeis. All this, however, applies moro particularly to ¿io contmontal bolls, especially to thoso of Belgium. At Mechlin, for oxiimplo, on a bell datod " 1G97, Ant- werp," there is what Mr. Hawois describes as "an amazingly vigorous hunt through a forest with dogs and nil kinds of wild animal.'' It is carried right round tho bell, and has all the grace and freedom of a spirited sketch. Again, on one of the bells cost by the celebrated Belgian founder, Petrus Hemony, and bearing tho inscription, " Laúdate Domini omne» gentety' thero is n long procession of boya dancing and ringing fiat hand-betls, such as aro now rung before the Host in street processions. One of the Ghent bolls comos an inscriptions which frequently met with it, in one form pr other, in the Low countries : When I swing, then there is stormy weather in Slanders." The celobrated tower of Strasburg contains nine hells, and is remarkably rich in inscriptions. The " Holy Ghost Bell," which is rung only when two fires are seen simultaneously in the town, is dated *' 1375, 3 nonas Angustí," and bears the motto, " O Bex Glorias Christ« veni cum Pace." The old " Mittags," or 12 o'clock bell, was removod at the time of the French Revolution, and bore the inscription : " Vox ego «um vitrn Voco voa-orate-Venite." Tlie great bell at Rouen boio u miserable stanza which has been translated by Wcever into verse well described as " not a great deal worse than tho original " : " T am George of Amboi«, Thirty-five thousand in poi« ; But ho that shall woigh mo Thirty-six thouaana aball find me." The great bell of Cologne Cathedral, known as the "EmperorBoll," is interesting in many ways. It beers an inscription recording that " William, the most august Emperor of tho Germans and King of the Prussians, mindful of the heavenly help granted to him, whereby ho conducted the late' French war to a prosperous issue and restored the German ompiro, caused cannons taken from tho Fronen to bo dovoted to founding a bell to be hung in the wonderful cathe- dral then approaching completion." On one side is a likeness of S. Peter, the name-patron of the church, beneath which is a quatrain in the style of the medioeval conceit«, praying that, as devout heart« rise heavenward at hearing the sound of the bell, so may the doorkeeper of heaven open wide the gates of the celestial mansion. On tho opposite side ii inscribed a sestet in German, of which the translation ia : " I ara called the Emperor's bell ; Iproelaim the Emperor's honour ; On the holy watch-tower I am placed. I pray for the German Empire, That peace and protection God may ever grant to it." jft n»y juat be added that no les« than 22 cannon« tajeen from the French were assigned by the Kaiser for the manufacture of this great ball. Nifw shipments of Electroplate, latest English patterns. 