THE MOUNTED PATEOI (From food's Comic Aadut.) PROLOGUE. nMa name is, or rather was, Tom Moeor the Hon, Tom Montreseor. The onlywe ian I had oever loved, the rare and radiant Gn. dolina Belvidere. had refused me. Ehle ad not exactly spurned me. I was too goel-! k. ing to spurn-but she had deolined tie ?re of my hand. She had told me, withhea in her blue eyes, that I was too poor, and at I had no exneatations, that when she naupied she did not wish to be worried ablmt her milliner's bills, or her tradesmen's books, and so, much as she esteemed my moral eciara-ter, she should continue to look out for a lhaebnd with a good rent roll. It was candid of the girl; Gwewdolna always was candid, but it dashed ma hopes of happiness to the ground. I asked her if -there was no hops, she answered, "'lforael" and so we parted, she to return to the gildy haunts of fashion, I to hire a lonely and cheap cottage on the confines of 'Eping Forest, and to dwell there a broken-bearted recluse. From the hour that I knew Gien. dolina could never be mine I became an altered man. I dreaded to meet my fellow creatures. I lived alone in my isolited cottage, the world forgetting, by the world forgot. TABLEAU I. All daylong I had had a dull 1oreboding of some impending evil. Alone in the cottage, in the quiet, country lane where I dwelt, far from the roar and riot of the mighty city. I had passed the evening wrapped in sanold military cloak, whiah I wore summer and winter, and a deep reverie which never left me. I had been thinking of the past. The pst ! Oh, the ghosts that rose from the great churchyard of my long ago I Gehosts young and old, ghosts of men and ghosts of women, and high over them all towered the ghost I dreaded more than all-the ghoet of myself. I The clock struck twelve. With a mighty effort I rose from my chair, and, waving back, with an imperious gesture, the spectree of the past, I went to the larder, brought out the bread and cheese and a dish of spring onions, and sat down to my solitary meal. At that moment my attention was arrested by the sound of a footstep on the gravel path. It wos the footstep of a man. ! I rose, opened the door, and, holdiag the anndle high above Ie to ahield it firm the wind. I exclaimed, " gQi w f?a!" { It was an old watchword of mine, familiar on my lip- in happier days amid Crimean snows and the rocky passes of far-off Afghan istan. The words came back that night like the long forgotten echo of a childish d+ream. I knew not why I said them. The pest bhad haunted me. I was living, speaking in the past. "Qri ,a. al" ai" Again I oballenged the footstep, andwaited for the footstep to reply. At that moment a heavy gust of win swept up the valley, and, ere I could save it, the light I held above me was extinguished. \ i "Qrui vae la" Tihe storm by this time had oathere4fury, there was a loud elr nof thunder, followed by a vivid flash of lightning. In that. sodden and natural illumination I could see the snrrolsding country distinctly. At my gate, drenched to the skin. was a horse. At my door, within arm's length of mes, lay a policeman, with a sword by his side, and spura on his boots. Ho had not replied to my aiallence. Why? lBeaonre he lay there at my feet insensible, Incapable ot apoech. He had swooned I Gently I lifted him from the ground and arried him indoore. The lurid glare of she r-:te embers fell full upon his face and form. I started in astonishment I The man was the living image of myself. We could have nased for twin brothar., :A I, gaized at bhimd with staring.eye1 for a moment, Ifanoied that .Ihad esddenlk l , ia ne;l . But I hadn't a helmet on`and a uniform;, and a sword. It was no lnina. tin. I pinched the buttons on his uniform: they were real. Presently the man opened hi, e.yos and gazed wildly around; then h opened his lips and groaned. I loosened his collar and removed his helmet. InstantlyI discovered the clue to the mystery. He had fallen from his horse in a sudden stirtk of vertiro, and had injured his head. Ha had crawled to my cottage for assistanoe. T felt his pulse, and looked at his tongue, san I knew at once that he was about to be delirious. There were all the symptoes of brain fever. ly bedroom was next to the sitting-room; with little dillneulty I carried him thither, nndrer?-ed him carefully, and put him in my bed. BRit and quiet was all that he needel to assist his recovery. . While I was musing as to my future eon. duct in the matter I heard a neigh. It was the horse. At the same instant my eyes fell apor the helmet and uniform. A sudden idea seized upon me.. I glanced at the sleeping form in my bed It was I. a Instantly I slipped off my own clothes and nlaced them in the chair by the bed. Then I put on the uniferm and helmet. Again I dooked in the glans. I was he We were both each other. No one could tell us apart. It was a chance. Should I take it? Yes I wanted to begin the world anew. I wanted to cease to be myself, and be some one else. In ceasing to be myself, I should 6looe the r?rrows that were mine. Yes, I would be simeone else. I put on the helmet; I buckled cu the sword; I put a jug of barley-water and a purse of gold by the bedside of the delirious man, and then I went down the garden path oad leaped upon the horse. The change was complete. The delirious man in my bed was theHon. 'reom. Montressor, and I was No. 307 of the Z Reserve. a mounted patroll I had :'solved. it h . p I dog my spure intomy horse,andgallop frerardt into the night. I had commenced a new life! TABLEAU II - It was a brght, fresh morning. Of corse every new morning must be a fresh one, but this was fresher than usual. All nightI had ridden hard along the country lanes, my sword elanking by my side. The eerxeise did me good, but by eight a.m. I ws tired, and wanted my breakfast. I wondered what on earth I shoni;i do. Of course, a mounted patrol must go home in the morning, it he had been on duty all nighbt. His horse wouldi want to be fed and put in "-~a. 'But where was the astable? SSddenly the idea occtirred to me tlhatthe horse would know, so I let the reins lie pon his neck, and said "CIl.".-'The sagaious animal instantly turned around, and trotted off at a brinsk pace. 5 In half an hour we arrised-at ourqurlers. Tlhere could bei'no mistake about it, for the animal went straight inito the stables with, moe on his back.\\. An inspctoi was iiil the rainl~?': lie came naroiss toe m and cexclaimed ?' "Noew, Jarvis? -what ddoi:s tis mmn eai you are three hours late. What have yon to lily n-me w-s Jarvis. i hod learntthat munl , asny ?.?: :?t ; :: 'I invented;iin' excuseat :once, forI was dectermined to keeli up thl i cliacet II "coul, so I icid that 1 liad tbeen cliio? man echo I believed had eommitteieurlat but that he had escaped into the forest, and I had beenriding about; looking for him. -I knew I had a right to be on the forest'beat, because the real patrol had fallen outside my cottage, and he must have been there on duty. I saw to my horse, and then went into the station. I wanted to find out where I lived. "Hulloh, Jarvis " said a constable in the station. "You're late. Going home now ?" " Yes." I said. "I'm tired; I shall turn n now." "All right, old chap, I'm going past yJur place. We'll go together." I was delighted. I should know where I lived now. We went out together; my com. panion lit a pipe; I felt in Jarris's pockets, and found there was a pipe and some tobacoo there, eo I smoked too. Pressently we came to a pretty, little cot. tags, and my companion said, "Good morn. ing, old chap." I felt that I was at home, and turned in at the gate. He came back. "Oh, by-the-bye, old fellow, my miscus mays that she will come to your wedding. She's been thinking it over, and she's going to let bygones be bygones." I was taken aback for a moment, but 1 reovered myself directly,. and grasped his hand. "Thank you, old fellow.," I stammered, "it's very good of her to say so." Then I went up the gravel path, and pushed the cottage door open. Everyone took me for Jarvis, and I was engaged to be married. I wondered what my sweetheart was like. I wasn't left long in doubt. As I opened the cottage door a dark, rustio beauty ran to meet me. "Oh, Jack. dear Jack I" she exelaimed, " father and I were getting on fidgety shout you; we thought something had happened to ou ; come alone, your breakfast's been wait. this hour for you." I took in the situation at a glance. I lodged with fsthor,and this wasthedaughter, and she and I were going to be married. When? I should have to find that out, for it was rather important. I didn't mind being Jack Jarvis. but I had qualms of conscience about marrying his sweetheart. TABLE U T. I most continue my narrative by relating events which only came to my knowledge'at a later period. About the same time that I enatered the eotage of the Littlethorpes (that was the name of father and ldaughter), and found myself an affianced husband, Lady Gwendoline Belvidere drove up in a carriage and pair to the lonely cottage on the confines of Epping Forest. She knocked at the door, but there was no reply, so she lifted the latch and walked in. The parlour was empty, but from the adjoin ing room there same, ever and anon, the sound of groans. " Good gracious me ! " exclaimed Lady Gwendolina, "I am sure some one is ill." Cantiously she entered the room, and gave a wild cry. The Hon. Tom Montressor lay in bed, and he was delirious. To summon the village doctor was the work of a few moments. The village doctor looked at the patient, then turnedtoGwendolina. "My dearyoung lady," he said, "this is a serious case- injury to the head-brain fever. It will be weeks before he recovers his reason." "Oh, Tom, my poor Tom," groaned Lady Gwendolina, "this is indeed cad I" "Your brother ? " asked the village doeo tor. " No-not my brother," stammered Gwen-. dolina, "I-I-came to see him-to bring him good news. He is the Hon. Tom Mon tressor." " What I " oried the Doctor, "the Hon. Tom Montressor who is advertised for in this morn ing's Daily Telegraph *" "The same, replied Gwendolina. "You know, of course, that he is a duke now ?" e Yes, yes," said the village Doctor, " and bow strangely it has come about. I read of .hb accident en last night's Echo. -Therewere thirteen people between this poor fellow and the dukedom, they all went out together in a yacht, which capsized. No one escaped, and the penniless distant relative is now a duke, with estates in nine counties, and an income of £1,000 a day. He must have every atten tion." ' "He shall," replied Gwendolins, "you and I, Doctor, will nurse him back to life I" And they did. In six weeks the delerioue man returned to his senses. He found Gwendolina in a chair by his side, and didn't know her. He declared he was a mounted patrol, and that he wanted to go home and marry Polly. The village doctor assured him it was a hallucination-that it was the result of the injury to his head, and he must get rid of it -the hallucination the doctor meant-not his head. Then Goendolina told him she was his own dear Gwendolina still, and that sho had come to marry him, in spite of all. Then they told him he was a duke, and had millions. The convalescent looked at Gwendolina, and thought of the millions, and his scruples vanished. It was not for him to persist in his hallucination. He accepted the dukedom and Gwendoliua's hand. And when he was well enough, a carriage and pair fetched him and drove him off to one of his ducneal palaces; and his approaching marriage with Lady Gwendolina Belvidere was duly announced in the Morning Post. TABLEAU IV. I was madly in love with Polly, I could not disguise it from myself. I liked being a mounted patrol. The man I had put into my bed had not come to claim his uniform or his sweetheart. I presumed he liked the lifein the lonely cottage too well to return to duty. SI had taken his ulace. I was happy. I conquere' my asta sropleie, uuu eu ue pane of Polly I determined to remain Jack Jarvis and wed her. At first our sweethearting wam Slittle awkward, she reminded me of so mans thinge I couldn't remember, and once or twice Inearly put my foot in it. But I was very careful, and the course of our true love ran smoothly towards the wedding day. I liked my douties, the horse exercise had quite cure my dyspepsia, I had forgotlen Gwendolina, and I loved Polly. Her fresh and charming cimplicity delighted me. I felt that we should be very happy. Better far to be a mounted patrol wish thirty shillings a week and a bonny little wife, than a recluse with only th memory of a disappointmsnt. The weddin_ day arrived. I dissovered that Polly had quarrelled with the constable's wife, and thae -as what she meant by bygones. She cams to the wedding, so did all my fellow constables -ho were not on duty, so did the inspector. It was quite a popular wedding, for Polly was belused by everyone. The old father was very jolly, but a little energetie. He was a market gardener, and had market rather than garden ways. But he was good-hearted and I forgave his lack of culture. We all went to church together, and then I got over a little diffi?ulty. I explained that though Ihad been known all my life as Jaok Jarvis my real name was Thomsa Mon tressor, and in that name I was married. The inspector pulled his monetache, and said something about assumed names being against the regulations, but I had been a good officer, ad he would not report the circumstanoe to headquarters. I thanked him cordially, and the bride gave him the Srat kiss. As we same out of chush the crowd hur. rahed, and the village children fldoung towers in ur pasth. l Unwau joy I liudaenly a middle-aged. woman dashed through the crowd and hit me violently onthe bead with her umbrella; "Oh, you wretch, oh you monster!" she exclaimed. Polly rushed between us. "Spare him," she cried, "he is my hue bandl " " Oh, you minx," shrieked the woman, "your husband. indeed-he's mine I " r" It is a lie," I shouted indignantly, vainly trying to knock my battered hat into shape. again. "It is no lie," said a detective from Boot. land Yard, "I have here the certificate of your former marriage. John Jarvis, I arrest you one a charge of bigamy." Polly fell into my arms. Dismay fell upon my comrades. Again the middle-aged woman tell upon me-with her umbrella. Then I was seized and dragged away, and at the hour when the bridal feast should have been spread, I lay in a prison cell await ing my trial for feloniously marrying Polly, Littlethorpe while the middle-aged woman. was alive-very much alive. TABLEAU V. I wea taken before the nearest police magis ttate and ohabred. The insneetor identified me as John Jarvis ever sinee I j]oned to tcores two years ago. He told the story of themar riateregisterbeing signed Thomas Montressor, and this settled my guilt as a bigamist in the eyes of everyone. It was evident to them that I had feared to sign my name, lest the previous marriage of John Jarvia should be discovered. The middle-aged virago swore to me-and at me-and it was with the greatest diffioulty she was prevented doing still further damage to my personal appearance with her umbrella. She prodnuced her marriage lines -she produced an old lady who had assisted at theformer marriage. No living soul in court had a doubt of my guilt. Except Polly I Polly, my darling little 'Polly -my rustie. beautiful bride 1-Polly, God bless her I thognh she was led half fainting into the winces-box, declared that she believed I was innocent. "That isn't a question for your to decide, my dear." said the magistrate. "What we want to hear from you is this: Is this person the man who married you yesterday '" I believe Polly wanted to say " No." Some w.ld idea flashed across her brain, for a moment, of saving me by telling a story. But she glanced round the court, and saw all the wedding company there, ready to eontradiot her if she did, and so she sobbed The evaence was clear. The magistrate asked me if I had anything to say. I could only rep-at that it was a mistake. I dared not say that I had'changed clothes with the real John Jarvis, who was my living image, because I wished to spare Polly's feelings. I didn't know how she would take it, and I was by no means sure that personating another man and marrvinghis youngwoman was not as grave an offence as bigamy. So I stammered out something, and was com. mitted for trial. and the magistrate said he would take bail. But everybody was now dead against me for my heartless treatment of Polly, and nobody offered. Polly asked her father; but her father said " No," and added that I was safer in custody. for if I. were out on bail be might break the peasoe himself, and get locked up in my place for assaulting me. So I was led away a captive, to spend my honey-moon in prison; and Polly kissed her hand to me, and the middle-aged virago shook her umbrella at me. and then went straight for Polly; but was'restrained by the old lady who had witnessed my former mar riage. And so I paseed out of sight; no longer a mounted patrol, no longer a happy bride. groom, but a wretched prisoner awaiting my trial for bigamy. As I lay in my cell I thought a eood deal; I wondered what the real John Jarvis was doing, and how I should ever be able to prove my own identity again. S TABLEAU VI. sat alone' in one of the gorgeous apartments of his town residence. He had accepted the extraordinary freak of fortune which had changed him from a mounted patrol to a millionaire duke without a murmur. At first he had hesitated, and had been inclined to demand explanations; but when he re. viewed the situation, he felt that it would be foolish to quarrel with Providence. At last, when he found himself universally accepted as Tom Montressor and a duke-when he found the Lady Owendolina looked upon him as her former lover-when he found himself received in the House of Lords, and allowed to take the oath of allegiance and to vote, he made up his mind that everybody must be right, and that the remembrance he had of once being a mounted patrol, and engaged to marry a girl named Polly, was due to the brain fever from which he opened his eyes one morning, to find himself suffering in a lonely cottage on the confines of Epping Forest fie cad been a duke for some weeks, and he was getting used to it. One thing dis turbed him slightly. On the morning that he sat alone in his gorgeous apartment he was reading the uimes. He had nearly finished his favourite portion-the police news-when he came upon the trial of one, John Jarvie, for bigamy, and it seemed to him remarkably strange that he clearly re. membered marrying the middle-aged virago who gave evidence. "Dear me I" he said to himself " so faras I can remember, I distinctly believed that woman to be dead, before 1 proposed to Polly. I wonder whether this John Jarvie remembers that fast." He read on. "The prisoner urged that at the time he married the second wife he believed his first to be dead." "Ahem I" said the Duke. "'I suppose he thought that was the best defence to make, and made it. (The duke was perfectly cor rect in his surmise.) "Let's see what the poor beggar got !" He read on., "The judge, in consideration of the pri. soner'a good conduct, the high charater given him by his superiors, and the plausi bility of his defence, said that jostice would be met by a sentence of six weeks' imprison ment, and as the prisoner had already been that time in custody he would be immediately discharged." "Quite right," exclaimed the Duke, "but I pity him if he has to go back to that virago. It is singular how vividly I remember that woman in some part of my career anterior to that attack of brain fever." The Duke sat on absorbed in meditation until he was aroused from his reverie by the entrance of his private seeretary, who an. nounoed the Prime Minister, the Marquis of \---. "Well, FiteThomas, dear boy," exclaimed the Premier, as he waltzed into the room in his usual exoited manner, "I hope you're coming down to the House tonight. "Well, my dear 5-" replied the Duke, "I don't want to if I can help it. You see to-morrow is my wedding day, and I want to get to bed early and have my beauty sleep. What time do you think the division will ha?" "Well, I'm afraid it will be late. Or fellows are so frightfully prosy when they do get on their legs, and half the peers are deter. mined to speak on the question." -' Then 1 shan't come 1" "Butmy dear Fitu, you mast. The fats of the Govqnmeot is at stake. The division will be areo, a voste will turn the scale." My dear fellow, I shall yawn at the teri. rails to-morrow.. Waere going to :bio maed before 12." .. . " - - .: +, " Why not in the afternoon ?" " Oh,.Gwen ,won't have it. It's a romatitcs idea of her's to be , married in tho ordiocry way without a special licen~e,." "Better to yawn on your marriCae mwor lng- than to let thbosoe wretched' :Wtigs oihi us," urged the Premier.. " Come, if you trel op and stay for the division, I'll epen?atbli word and you shall have the vacant Garter." Now the Garter was the one thing the new Duke coveted. " Say yes, Tom,". urged the= IMarqis grasping the Duke's hand... The lDole hesitated no longer. "Ye-.nca rely upon me, Bob," he 'murimured, d? the Prime Minister waltzed out of the rootlm dr lighted: It was six in the morning when the Duka of FitzThomas quitted the House of C?rds. The Government had won by one vote. [ The Duke had saved his party. The Primce fii- ster came.to him in the smoking-room 'ýwen it was over, and wept in his arms. Then the DakO went out into the early mornin, and walked home.aeross the Park. His wedding- day had dawned. "Poor Gwen," he said to himself, a he pulled out a short black clay pipe and flled ist "I hope I shall make her happy. She is a good girl, and seems to hive loved mo;rery much during the period which,'owin~ to-that attack of brain fever is a perfect blank tome, or rather which is filed with reneinisences of lowlier kind, and during which I must have fancied myself a mounted patrol. ,"Bat of course I never could have blen r mounted patrol. I was Tom TMontressor. a penniless gentleman of good family." Then the duke glanced at the dirty clay pipe he was smoking. _ "Dear me," he mused, "I wonder when I seq',ired this strange taste for asherteclay. If I had been a rmounted patrol in my former existence, I could understand it. But, plhaw I I never was." . It was past six in the morni?,?h? the duke let himself in with a gold latchkey set with diamonds, and retired to ret, in order to prepare himself for the fatigues ofthis wedding day. TABLEAU VII. No sooner had the senennce of tbe.jdge been pronounced, than I was led downstairs by the government warder, and ifaotmed tlhat I could leave the court as soon as I liked. " 'an I go out a back way?". I asked. I had my reasons for wishing to leave by a back way. I had caught sight, in court, of the lady who said she was my first wife, and she had a new umbrella with her, and twr female friends. My request was complied with, and pre sently I found myself emerging by. a little boor into a side street. There I found Polly waiting for me.: Her sweet lace was very pale, her beautiful eyes were suffused with tears, but when she saw me she dropped her veil and said in a sweet low voice, trembling with emotion,- " John. I forgive you. Henceforward we ean be nothidg to each other, but I hope youe will be happy." Then she broke down and sobbedas though her heart would break. I was no longer master of myself. I clasped her in my arms and pressed her passionately to my breast. "Polly, my darling," I cried, "you are my own true little wife, and no other. There is a hideous mistake which .I cannot explain but I am going to London to consult a soli citor. Trust me, darling, and wait and hope. When I come back again it will be to claim you as my lawful wife, before all the world." I didn't pause to think how all the world would be accommodated in the little country town to witness the spectacle, but said what I meant. "John;" she replied, looking into my face witha depth of unatteneblo h and love in her violet e ea. "John, I b ye;yob. . -"hremd my k'ise n hWs .ale roses to put-in my buttonhole, and "so we narted. I shunned observation. want to the railway station,. and took the first train to London, or rather the first train took me., I arrived tod late to consult a solicitorthat day, so I went to an hotel, dined, andispent the evening in the smoking room, arranging my plans. 1 felt that I must at once get upon the track of the man whose clothes and horse L had borrowed that fatal night in the cottage on the confines of Epping Forest. Of course I didn't borrow the horse in. the cottage but outside. That, however, is a de tail. The next morning I rose early, and. made my way to the office of myLfamily solici tor. I seosit. up my mime the ITon. °sm Meon tressor, and the head of the firm came doivn in a.hurry and stared at me in blhik amazce ment. - "Good Gracious c" he exclaimed," this is very extraordinary.' What the dickens, :oerhigteci anmounted patrol. iquitennder ctood no"why Mr. .Tohn Jarvis hlad accepted :he situanon, and made no inquiries for his ;toles uniform and horse.. fB5t on whom was John Jervis bestowing ly r.'-r and rank ? I ie-z fkTd out at once. I hailed a handsom, and drove at once to St. George'L. . The street was crowded with the, chariots of the aristocracy. Red carpet covered the shurch steps. There was a tremendous crowd outside. The bridalproecesion had just passed in. I rushed in after it. There, at the alter, amid a crowd sof nota bilitiese stood John Jarvis, the mounted patrol, and the Lady Gwendolina Belvidere I The man's likeness to myself was extra ordinary. It struck me more than ever, aeel gazed at him in his ducal robes. I thought, for a moment, I was seeing myself in a look ing-glass, only I had on a light suit and Polly's rose (a little faded) in my bhltton-hole Two bishops, two vicars. ode~V bi ent, and a curate, all relatives of myself and Ledy Gwendolina, were ofioiating. The senior bisheop was just commencing the service. I felt that lurthep delay would be danger. :T rushed forward and exclaimed "St8op I" your grace, are you doing here, and in' "hee clothes. "Its time you were at thshLrrcb."h " You make a mistake, sir," I reirlied, "L am no duke, I am Tom Montrees?o'.?r " Ah, I see, an imposter, but a very extra ordinary likeness. Go away; diiectly, ir, boi will give you into custody." .:, "list, sir,"-- i "Don't detain me, you wicked ma," d my solicitor. " I am due at St. srel Hanover Square, in ten minutes.. The di of Fitzs Thomas, my client, is married'to "Dkef What is the old man geti?,g mIs rned again?" "The old man? No, sir The old manis dead, and the thirteen people who ?tood be tween Tom Montressorand the title aUllperiheld at sea in a yaeht." Then, Tom Montressor is the Dukei of Fi. Thomas ? "I shrieked. :: "Yes, sir; and you prove yourselrf an .i poestor. If you were Tom Montreseor,yticwol' know you werea duke." With these words he pushed minaiso lhntly out of the. oflice that I fell own h?u atains. I had no time to return tothe crg I was determined to go toSt. ?eh ct nea, and face tho real impostor. I waI· a due. I had been a dukeall the timel woI b .i'triec I-- 'r* I .Every dye turned in my direction, Tners, was a chorused, cry, of "Good grOacusi I 0 And the family snlicitor eeclaimed ' Why, it's that confounded impostor I "' i- "Isam no nimpbstor! "I' eried. ' "Lse at eme, yon people ;look at me,' Gwendolila.. I am thelHon. Tom Montreasor, now., Duoe; of FitzThomas." "MoIstextraordinary i "aid the by?tnders ; why, they are .astcly olike '! I pushed my ay throungh the trembling bridesmaids, and I took the falc duke by the collar. Lady Gwmndolina fainted. - "Exeuse me. cousdln,:tI said to the snnior bishop; " brtit the matter is urgent. This rae cal has assumed my name and title." "It is false!". cried-the seham duoto, for getting ordinary prudence in 'his wild rage and disappointment. '.It is you who took mine; you stole my uniform and my ho:pt." "You hear?" I cr-ed triumphantly, latring the deical'inbs from the impostor '" he 'con fescs it." This man in o dlan., he is :Jie Jarvis; a mounted patrol." Lsady G wendolina wacarried into thei estry in a dead swoon. "Stay," said the bishop, my conusn, " this is a most extraordirinary, and I miust say, 'a most unusual occurrence.' T' i real Tom Montressor hase a crrant' and raspberry mark Son the left arm. R.Blt up yotr slevres, bhith of you' I rolled up mine. There patent to the eyes of the astonished coneregation was the currant and ranpbtrry m Iark. . "You are nndiub;htdiy the dukle.' said the bishop. ",do, you wish to take this peron's place. If no. I will end for Lirly Gwendolins, and continue the ceremony no strnogely, I may say,' so unusually intertrepted:" At that moment there watt a li.tturbance on the fringe of 'the r;ping orowd. Tin an other moment a midile aged vireno. with an umbrella. and throe female friends had ap. pronchbd'tlhe marriage party. S-eing the sham duke the virago rxeleimerl, "What. you villian, only' just out, of prison, and aoing to marry another gal." .The false duke who had remained calm until now sank upon his knees in an attitude of terror I " Save me from that woman I" he sitrieled, " andI will give un eovervthine." At this moment the MIaerni of S--. the: Prime Mi:nister, stepped forgsrd ani trnesdt to the reporters in church, .who were mn!aint enione notes. "Gtntlemr.n of the Ornas?.' he exelaimed, "I h:all bo intnitely nbli e4 ii you will keep all mnetion ot this r.inlu affair out of the pslfirO for re':,on of S-.ats.' The reporters bowed and olooed their note bbooks. ' tNow, gentlemen," onntinint ? tl, e s1,-quin, turning to usn, "I shall bh nhibied if yoet will both aseompiny nin to th' vestry. and madam (addressing 'the mi.hl'.-ngei vi-aien if you will wait in my family new frt a few minutes with your friends, I shall take it as t personal favour." " Which, all four of us being true Conser atives,"' said,the lady," we shall be happy 'to oblige." They seated themselves, and Jarvie and I went into the vestry with the Prime M"iisqer and the bishops and the principal guests. There.the explanation was short. I con ftsed .the robbery and the ansumption of Jarris's name and occupation, and related mt conviction for bigamy. The Marquis then explained that 'J'r?ri having voted as a' peer in the late division when he was not one. the f?ct of this h.=i. oUes ecu ttllng punom w ton ue ttt te,,.r i.n'rt government in a oeriou?s dilemma. Could we not come to a miital understanding and settle the matter privetely ? "Certainly," said Jarvis, " give me two thousand pounds to take me to a far off land, where that virago cannot follow me, let me out at a aide door, and you shall never hear of me again." I eoneented: the Mfrquin who had just the amount about him, kindly lent it to me, and the false. duke vanished, to be eren no more. Then I'pun on the ducal robes, and inviting all the company to follow me, drove off in the ducal carriage to my town residence. There it was agreed, to accept me as the duk-e, acd to .lt~nle' take'my place in the Houte of t JLore'ardd ire Iurtlier-- aect'd 'thatliit o '-the Slikenesseof'Jarvis;to, myself was ?n. 'iitra. oridinary, nobody need: be informed of the change. The.servants, as it was, all believed that I was the 'same diid? who went out in the morning to be married. While we were discuenine m?ttere, the bishop, my cousin, who had stayed behind at the church, or.me to inform ns that the elder!v virago was otill here, waiting patiently, bht that Lady Gwendolina had rternoed to her home, i'diseppointý:d ad inruiliated weoman. Serve her right I She should not have refused me in the days of my poverty. ' An announcement appeared in the nczt day's. 1Mtrsing Post, to .the effect that on account of family matters the marrigs of the Duke of FitzTlioms and the Lady Gwen iolina Delvidire had betei broken off. I was master of the situation. The next day I rutnrned to Polly. I found her at her' father's cottage. I thld her all. She flung her 'rms about, my neck, and :whispered,' "'Oh,' Tom,' I am gisrsi i am duchess, but I can' love .you any better than .I did when 'you were only a mounted patrol because I loved you all I could then." We are very happy.. Polly makee.. a splendid duchese, and ier old father has gone to 'Auetralia and I allow him a thousand a year to ;top there;' He writes us now and' then-his last letter told us how John Jarvis had taken a public house, and is doing weI in Melbourne., There is a middle-aged woman who', pses c her life between St. George's, Hanover Square,.anld thoe residence of the Marquis of S--. She is trying to find out what on earth has become of Mr. John Jarvis. She believes he is some where or other getting married. Last night I. made a great speech in the House of Lo?ds. Ptlly was in the P.:eresos' Gallery, and Lidy Gvendolira sat next her. Polly says Lady G. never tool:k lier ye off her diamondsy and she was cr;ing witll envy every time they sparkled.. Polly married me when I was 'pbor; Gshdolina wantsm ' to wait till I was rich. : Polly has the diamonds,. And I have theo Garter. The Marquis of \---- was very grateful to me forholdin'g m5 tongue, and gave me the Garter he,had pro. mised to the impostor, John ,Tu.rvis. I am to have a seat in the Cabinet.dircetly there is t aecano,. I am glad 1 am a Conservative. Cloneervatives ar.e so grateful to their frie:ale and l?win remember a service done. aotnctimeeeat 1lou meetings I sec my, old : inspector. He always comes and has a nhat, and .qhaabs hanids with 'slly, and hoe :ever Sforgets to a?J; "MosVt extranrdinary, your grace, most extraodinrn thiung Ioirer'ea'v in my Ilfe. I wh?-dedeived 'myself, yme krimr, and. so were all the men; and, egad, 'I'over :look at; you rnow bUt: see Jack Jarvis, thr :lcunted Patrol "', . : : " , : , Greete. B 'Start There's so?netling of womian an every thing th"""atpl: R":': p'lea!.at p""= and th eir lives aU e irh clothes.i Every great and commanding move nilent in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm. Everything takes time--Modern Matron: "Who is this Mr. Hughlard, my dear.": Modern Daughiter :."-' HGiv should I know, ma I'v e.onlyiieen.ien ; gaged to him a week?"'? Her parting words.-" "So your wife has left you ?" "She has." "What were her last words on leaving you ?' ' Is my hat on straight ? "' The man who will complain tlhati,?. a minute sermon is too long will sit half a day, watching a couple of chess' players makiing two moves : Wlhy is a whisper like'a for idk.b note ? 'Because it is'uttered t not aloudL I·i .".~~y.j- ·Y Wh'.ply is a chirysalis 1ike~a-h ot roll?2' `;Belause it's.thi gr a butra ;terl -;'--" '- '' V4 lakddrf ?,.; y aýa"`.ý.r:it:ry>s:hs Do you keep nails here?' asited aslteepy looking lad, whlking into a hardware shop thi other diy. : .' . ' " Ycs,': replied the gentleminly proprietor,id " we keep all kinds of nails. What kind will yoi have, sir, and how many ?";t F 's"--,5 -.'cll;".said the boy, sliding towards the door, "I'll take a pound o finger-nails' and about a pouildand a hanl of toe-nails." liThe Cincin~ati Saturday night meekly re. marks ." .When .a girl talks, about the two trings t6 lrar. er bau, does shemeanihis suspen. Sa tie web break a winidow, what My hushand is very fond of animal ail Mrs i?e?! li er 'latnight i n hiis sleo h: turneid., over i'aindI said T',Takei" ' *,hiW;iitcis 'aoinisq',doubleins.; value by: r ': I 