, A READER'S GLEANINGS. j All are born to observe order, but few are born to establish it. — Jouberi, These two things, contradictory as they may seem, 111 ust go together, manly dependence and manly inde- ijendence, manly reliance and manly self-reliance. — II onlsworth. I am willing to work, but I waot work that I can put my heart into, and feel that it does me good, no matter how hard it is — -Louisa M. Alcott. To find fault, someone may say, is easy, and in every man's power; but to point out the proper ; course to be pursued in the present circumstances, that is the proof of a wise counsellor. - —Demosthenes. Mental Activity During Sleep. — A remarkable instance of mental activity during sleep is given in Abercronibie's well-known work on " The Intellectual Powers." An eminent lawyef bad been consulted respecting a case of great importance and much diffi culty, and had been studying it with intense anxiety and attention. After several days had been occupied . in this manner he was observed by his wife to rise out of bed in the night and go to a writing-table which stood in the bed-room. lie then sat down and wrote a long paper, which he put carefully by in the desk, and returned to bed. The following morning he told kis wife that he had had a most interesting dream : that he had dreamt of delivering a clear and luminous opinion respecting a case which had extremely puzzled liiin, and that he would give anything to recover tho train of thought which had passed before him in his dream. She then directed him to the writing-desk, where he found the opinion clearly and fully written out, and which was afterwards found to be perfectly accurate. Within the Earth. — What is inside the earth ? Metals, the materials of rocks — about the same things, in short, that we find on its surface, except plants and animals. But in what condition are those minerals that lie deep in the earth, clear down to its very centre ? In what proportions do they exist ? Has our planet a metallic core, where iron and silver and gold abound in marvellous profusion ? Is the earth simply encased in a solidified crust, underneath which is an ocean, a globular ocean, of molten matter, or are there only fiery lakes of melted rock that supply vol canoes with lava, while the great mass of the globe is solid to the core ? These are some of the interesting questions that men have asked about the world on whose surface they dwelL Most of them remain still without any decisive answer. It is no longer generally believed, as it once was, that the central parts of the globe are wholly composed of melted rock, but just what the condition of things is there nobody knows. The great difficulty is that we cannot dig deep enough to find out, for the deepest mines and artesian wells are, after al!, but insignificant punctures in the outer rind of the globe. One fact does seem to be estab lished : The deeper you go the warmer it gets. An important contribution to our knowledge on this subject comes from the deep well that is being driven at Wheeling in West Virginia, in the United States. ; The facts ascertained there were the subject of a report to the American Association for the Advance ment of Science at its session last August. The well, which is a little less than five inches in diameter, is now about 4500 feet deep, and it is hoped to make it at least a mile deep. Thermometers are lowered into the well, which, fortunately for science, is perfectly dry, and the '.einperature is thus taken at various depths. At the depth of 1350 feet the temperature is 68"75 deg. ; at 2375 feet it is 79'2 deg. ; at 3375 feet it is 92T deg. ; at 4375 feet it is 1084 deg. ; and at 4462 feet it is j 110 2 deg. It will be observed that the temperature ' goes on increasing faster and faster the deeper the . well gets, For instance, the increase in the 1000 feet s of descent from 2375 feet to 3375 feet is about 13 deg., ; while the increase iu the 1000 feet from 3375 feet to ; 4375 feet is more than 16 deg. If the heat should go : 011 increasing in a similar progression, a depth would soon be reached where every solid substance would be 1 melted. Possibly if the driving of the well were con- I inmt d such a place would be found- ; but that would not prove that the same condition of things exists ever) where under the earth's crust, because deep wells have been driven in other parts of the world which ' show different rates of increaso in the heat. The in- : dication is that there is a particularly hot spot in the ; earth under Wheeling. j Heroism in Plain Dress. — At one moment in the battle of Waterloo Wellington was left alone, his aides-de-camp having all been sent with messages to i different parts of the field. He' was sorely in need of i a messenger, and looked around anxiously, when a 1 gentleman in plain clothes rode up to him, saying, : " Can I be of any use, sir ?" Wellington, looking him over, said, 44 Yes. 'lake this note to the commanding officer over there," pointing to a part of the field where the battle was hot and fierce. The gentleman at once galloped off, rode through the thick of the fight, and delivered the note. After the battle the duke made long and anxious inquiry, but he never found out to whom he was indebted for that special service. 44 1 consider it," said he, in telling the anecdote to Lord Shaftesbury, 44 one of the most gallant deeds that ever came under my notice, for Ihe gentleman who did it could have had no pro spect of reward or honour." The deed recalls Shakespeare's eulogy on 44 The constant service of the antique world, When service sweat for duty, not for meed." We cannot look, however imperfectly, upon a great . man, without gaining something by him. He is the living light-fountain which it is good and plfeasant to be near. The light which enlightens, which has en lightened the darkness of the world ; and this not as a kindred lamp only, but rather as a natural luminary shining by the gift of heaven ; a flowing light-fountain, as I say, of native original insight, of manhood and heroic nobleness, in whose radiance all souls feel it is well with thein. — Carlyle. There are things that never could grow familiar. Daybreak is one. There is always mysteiy about it. It is like coming to life again after death. You have been away, you don't know where, and you come back to the world ; and when you find it as it is now — belonging almost to yourself, all the other people as good as out. of it — it is very strange. No, I am not afraid of becoming too familiar with beautiful things. — William Black. Why destroy present happiness by a distant misery, which may never come at all, or you may never live to see it ? For every substantial grief has 20 shadows, aud most of them shadows of your own making. — Sydney Smith. Habit, if wisely and skilfully farmed, becomes truly a second nature, as the common saying is; but unskil fully and unmethodically directed, it will be, as it were, the ape of Nature, which imitates nothing to the life, but only clumsily and awkwardly. — Bacon. Those who have a will to learn find the world full of teachers. Spooks in China. — They have curious ways of dealing with their 44 spooks " in China. Even when a ghost has passed 44 to where beyond these voices there is peace," there is not always peace for him in Cathay. For instance, there was the late General Ma Ju- Lung, who passed a somewhat exciting career in the flesh as alternately a leader of rebel and Imperial troops in the great Yiinnan revolt 20 years ago. After his death a few of Ma's old friends thought it would please his ghost if he were promoted, and they memorialised the Emperor to that effect. His Majesty kindly ordered that a temple should be erected in Ma's honour, and that the historiographer imperial should compile a record of his ex ploits. But soon after some other public- spirited persons wrote to Pekin to say that Ma's conduct had not been such as to entitle him to these honours. It appeared that in youth he had been a loafing, idle fellow, who had disgracefully failed in his examina tions and had been very retniss in his attendance at the jo9s-house. The shocked Emperor promptly ordered Ma's ghost to be degraded, so that now he will have no temple. It is true that he has had his obituary 44 done" by the Court newsman; but there is no satisfaction in that. What a Chinese spook likes is a temple, to which Ihe pious can bring votive offer ings of rice, and cake and fried puppies, and other things of a grateful and substantial character. De prive him of these solid consolations, and you may write volumes in his praise, or wear the nattiest mourning, and you will not comfort him. The Luxury of Woe. — The luxury of woe is a phrase by which poets have endeavoured to define that feeling of real enjoyment of sorrow which is experienced by many women and by some men. There are certain persons, particularly in the humbler walks of life, who positively love to dilate upon their bereave ments. At times like this, when there is hardly a family which has not to lament the loss of some relative or friend, these persons are thoroughly itftbeir element. They will, at the smallest symptom of con dolence, enter into the whole history of their troubles, rehearse the catalogue of their losses, and dwell with what in any other connection would be called : gusto upon the most painful details of illness. Death has apparently few terrors for the poor, for they discuss his advent with a freedom whioh to more gently-nurtured ears seems almost irreverent, but which is really the outcome of constant familiarity. Grief is to them one of their few luxuries, and they enjoy it to the full. WurrsTABLE Natives. — Epicures, who will be con tent with nothing short of a real " Whitstable native," must not object to pay a high price for the gratification of their taste. During the season these delicacies, without leaving any large profits to the fishmonger, are worth 3s. 6d. per dozen. Only 60 years ago, however, Whitstable oysters sold at 19s. a bushel ; and even 20 years since the prices were so moderate that an oyster-supper in which 44 natives" figured was by no means regarded as an extravagance. In those good old 'times comparatively few of the bivalves were carried to London other than by boats. A regular fleet of swift, welLmanned boats ran between Whitstable and Billingsgate. 