STORY COLUMN. I LIFE FN 1 LOVE A Story of To-day. My Ut. T. IVdEiAlDE. , Author of "Soamp and I," " Oastlo Mary," " Boforehand," " Daddy's Boy," &o.; Aid Quisbxsdand Rights Reserved. ' CHAPTER XXXVII I. — ( Continued.) The meeting came to an end, and the men began to stream out. Helps kept his post. Suddenly he felt a light hand touch his arm ; he turned ; his daughter, urea alaamin wuitth ttlA \oi1f1nitf. AT citement, was standing by his sido. ' Have you seen him, father ?' 'Who, child— who? I'm precious hungry, and that's the truth, Esther.' ' Never mind your hunger now— you have not let him escape — oh, don't tell me that.' ' Essie, I think you hnve taken leave of your senses to-night. Who is it that I have not let esoape V ' A tall man in a fro ok coat, different from the others; he has a beard, and wears his hat well pushed forward ; his hands are white. Tou must havonotiood him ; he is oertain to he here. You did not let him go V ' I know now whom you mean,' said Helps. ' I saw the fellow. Yes, ho is still in the ro6m.' 'You did not recognise him, father ? ' ' No, child. That is, I seem to know something about him. Whatever are you driving at, Esther?' 'Nothing — nothing — nothing. Go, follow the man with the frock coat-. Don't let him see you. Find out where he lives, then bring me word. Go. Go. You'll miss him i£ you don't.' Sho disappeared, flying upstairs again, light as a feather. Helps found himself impelled against his will to obey hor. ' Here's a pretty Btate of things,' he muttered. 'Here am I, faint for want of food, sot to follow a ohap nobody knows nothing about through the slums.' It never occurred to Helps, however, not to obey the earnest dictates of his daughter. He was to give chase. Aooordingly he did so. He did so warily. Dodging sometimes into the road, sometimes behind a lamppost in case the tall man should see him. Soon he became inter ested in the work. The figure on in front, which never by any chance looked back, but pursued its course undeviat- ingly, struck Helps onoe more with that strange sense of familiarity. Where had he seen a baok like that ? Those stops, too, the very way tho man walked, gave him a queer sensation. He was as poor looking a ohap ob Helps had ever glanced at, and yet the steps were not unknown — the figure must have haunted the little clerk in somo of his dreams. The pursuer and the pursued soon found themselves in quarters altogether new to Helps. More and more squalid grew the streets ; more and more ruffianly grew the peoplo? Thoro never was a little man less likely to attraot attention than this olerk with his humble unpre tentious dress and mien. But in these streets he felt himself remarkable. A whole coat, unpatched trousers, were things to wonder at here. The men and the women too took to jostling him as he passed. One hold faced girl tilted his hat roll forward ovsr his syss) and tp.ti with a loud laugh. Helps felt that even for Esther's sake he could not prooeed any further. He was about to turn baok when another glance at the figure before him brought such a rush of dazed wonderment, of unoanny familiarity, that all thought of his own possible danger deserted him, and he walked on, eager as Esther herself now in pursuit. All this time they had been going in the direction of the dooks. Suddenly they turned down a very badly lighted side street. There was a great brewery here, and the wall of the brewery formed for a long way one side of the street. It was so narrow as to be little better -than a lane, and instead of being a crowded thoroughfare was now almost deserted. Here and there in tho brewery wall worejniehee. Not one of these niohes was empty. Eaoh held its human being —man, woman, or child. It seemed to he with a purpose that the tall stranger came here. He elaokenod his pace, pushed his bat a little baok, and began to perform \- certain small ministrations for the poor creatures who were to pass the night on the oold damp pavement. , A little girl was asleep in one of the niches;. he wrapped her shawl more closely round hor, tucking it in so as to proteot her feet. Her hair hung in a taDgled mass over her forehead. He pushed it back with a tender hand. Finally he preBSod into the littlo tbin palm two lollypops ; they would give comfort to the ohild when she awoke. Helps kept behind, well in the shadow ; he was absolutely trembling now with suppressed excitement. .He had econhy , the glitter of the flaring gas the white hand of tho man as he pushed baok the child's elf-looks. The two went on again a few steps. The man in front stopped suddenly — they wore passing another niche. It had its occupant. A girl was stretohed prone on the ground — a girl whose only covering was rags. As they approaohea sho groaned. In an instant the stranger was bending over her. ' You are yery.ill, I fear. Oan I help you?' 'Eh? "What's that?' exclaimed tho girl. She raised her head, stretching out . something whioh was more like a olaw than a hand, ' What's that, noise ?' Bhe repoatcd. This noiss had boen made by Helps. It was an amazed terrified ontory when he "heard; the voice of the mon who was bending over tho girl, Tho man himself had observed nothing. 'Youaro vory ill,' he repeated 'Yon ought to be in a hospital.' ' No,- no, none of that,' she said, clutching hold' of his hand. ' I ha' lain down to die. Let me dio. I wor starving — the pain wor awful. Now I'm dasy. Don't touch me— don't lift me; I'm easy —I'm a-goin te die.' 'The stranger knelt a little lower. ' I won't hurt yon,' he said. \ ' I will sit hero by your side. Don't be frightened." I am going to raise yoar head— a .little — a very little. Now it rests on my knee. That is bettor.' ' Eh, you're a good man ; yes, that's nice.' Hor.breatli oame in great pants. Pre sently sho begnn to wander. ' Is that you, mother? Mother, I've been such a bad girl — had every way. The Almighty's punishing me. I'm dying, and he's sending me to hell.' ' No,' said tho quiet voice of tho man. ' No ; you are the ono he wants. He is seeking you.' '13h?' sho said. Onoe more hor clouded brain clenred. 'Eh, how my .breath does go. I'm a-going to hell.' 'No. He has sent me to find you; you are not going there.' ' How do you know ?' ' She turned herself an inch or two in her astonishment and stared up at him. Something in his face seemed to fill her with astonishment. ' Take off your hat,' she said. ' Aro you Jobub Christ ?' It was at this juncture that Holps turned and fled. He ran as ho never ran before in the whole course of his life. Nobody saw him go, and nobody obstructed him in his headlong flight. Presently he got baok to the Mission Hall. The place was closed and dark. Ho was turning away when a woman came -out of the deep shelter of tho doorway and touohed his arm. ' Essio, is that you? My Gid, Essie, I've seen a ghost !' ' No, father, no — a living man.' 4 This is awful, child. I'm shaking all over. I'd sooner be in my grave than go through such a thing again.' 4 Lean on me, fathor. "We'll walk a bit, and soon find a cabstand.' We'll have a cab home. It's about time you had your supper. Don't talk a hit. Get baok your poor breath/ As they were driving home a few minutes later in a hansom, Bhe turned suddonly. ' And you've got Mr. Wvndham's address?' 'Good heavens, Essie, don't say his name like that ! I suppose it's a Bign of the end that I should hsvo seen a spirit.' 4 Nonsense, father, you Baw no spirit. That's Mr. Gerald Wyndhaminthe flesh, as muoh as you and I are in the flesh. You saw no spirit, hut a living man. I recognised him this morning, but 1 wasn't going to take my own word for it, so I got you to look him up. They call Mm Brother Jerome down hero. Nobody knows anything at all about him, how he lives, nor nothing; only that he goes in and out amongst tho people, and is always comforting tins one or cheering that, and quieting down rows, and soothing people, and — and — doing more in a day than the siBters or I could in a week. I've heard of him for a month past, bnt I only saw him to- day. Ho's a mystery, and people wonder about him, and no one can teuhow he liv«8, nor where he sleeps. I know, though. He sleeps out of doors, and he starves. He shan't starve any longer.' 10 be continues to-koeeoit. 