THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIdR . HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (L200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many. being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. MIr Laskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I never had lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1SS2, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pains after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would lill with water and slitme, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. lMy chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirtat the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out- patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen nmouths I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I caam to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital wore full, anid I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consump tion, and must die: tihe other doctors, after sounding tmy lulgs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. "Gettifng a trifle better my old master allowed me to ido what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; -and .some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this till December, 1888, wlmen I caught cold, got very short of lircatht, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up plilegm, sometimes as amuch as a teacup ful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eves turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. MIy lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammny sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weels. " I managed to gsi up for a few hours at a time, bqt ivs. so weak I had to take hold qf the furniture to move a few yards. I was qh?lways tirei and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no realrest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at llty hands-- nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear tihe least poise, and the children at play quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending fio, bat lihe said ' I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, becasqg your lungs are dis eased. I then gave over taking his medicine aqd tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. lBut nothing did any good, and my friends wiho came to see me said, ' Vell, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world? "About tlhe middle of March, 1SS, a neighbour named Joseph Tqtlham, w w works in tlh paper Isills at )arley Abbey, said to me, ' Toi, dil you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup and told me how le had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so innclh in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the mtdicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few iaLys more I was ablo to go 6uý for a short walk. By the ehil of a'fortnight I went to see my master, iivo asked what'had wrought the improvo ment,'arid I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother V S.igel' Syrup had saved my life, I pommenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. i Of course my strength (lid not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." : In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin re~ quests us to refer all doubters taohium'or to Mr Keetloy, ]csad gairddeii," Darley Abbey, who is acquainted withiall the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of tile doctors tlho.ught), or he would have galloped into lis iave in less tihap threq moonthi-inistead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic iunflammatory dyspepsima (cr chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, wa used the disease' yieldsd, ta'all diseaesof the digestive 4rac -d6 y-eld to that magnifi cgent preparation. We heartilr congratulate MriGaskin "on lis recovery, and commlend the facts og his case to all thinking people. 