ihe Few views, theories, cults, isms,' and departures ftn all subjects, social, customary, or moral may come and. go, but as the one great Christian festival of the year, Christmas, like Tennyson's "Brook," vCa Ull 1U1 cVvli XL XltllUo lib U Wil 1U bpilv OX what cynics and professional grumblers may say as to its being out of date, a delusive fraud, and a mis take in all the sundry ways their superior intel lects, or bad digestions discover. The majority against these few exceptions caTe little for such opinions; and though in England we are accused (with some justice) of taking our pleasures sadly, we make up our minds on this one occasion at least to be as jolly and happy all round as circumstances will admit ; for it is a season for joining hands and hearts to the utmost in universal warmth of feeling towards general humanity for peace and good-will, lightness of heart, merry-making, and feasting to look forward to once a year j something to date from and to, with pleasant associations. This one hurst of festivity and geniality we tedate English folks do give ourselves up to, is not of one, hut of all classes, rich and poor alike, as it is fit it should be in its great origin and significance, It is the outcome of an unusual amount of un selfishness in the general endeavour to give one another pleasure in pretty gifts and answering to many claims for kindly remembrance forgotten at other times. Who does not enjoy the Christmas numbers and supplements with their each year more fascinating pictures and delightful ghost and love stories, the Christmas dances, the children's parties, where the little guests throw themselves with such heart and soul into the revels that the " grown ups " are hound to forget themselves, their responsibilities, and worries, and join in their intense enjoyment of all the usual juvenile delights ? Apropos of dance and party gowns and knick- knacks, we have seen many charming and pretty things to he worn during this season's festivities, one or two of which our sketches will illustrate with more clearness than roej? dcscriotion, The first is the new-shaped evening hood, some thing in the form of a Laplander's cap or hood. This shape allows convenient room for the present style of hair, dressed farther hack and higher than in front, and also is made without "curtain," to allow of the almost inevitable "Medici" or " Royale " collar of the evening cloak. This dainty model is made of crushed strawberry broche silk, edged with white ostrich feather trimming and tied witli ribbon the same tint as the broche, it is easily cut and made at home, and is sure to prove cosy and very becoming. — "" Fancy dress halls are now such a rage that out Second illustration may prove useful to any of our teaders wanting a hint for a fancy costume. This represents "Rouge et Noir," and may he made a very dashing and taking dress. The skirt and under bodice is of black velvet, over folded portion, scarf, and shoulder knots being of scarlet silk. A black velvet and scarlet silk cap is worn on the head, and the fan carried is scarlet with black spokes and the four aces of the card pack fuiued ou. The pveifcy evening dress is of pale pink bengaline, chiffon, the same tint, forming the bodice, drapery over-skirt, and ruche round Item of same. The scarf round waist and two hows arc of the bengaline, and the open neck of bodice is edged with jet, a coronet of same being worn on the hair. Some of the prettiest faus shown for this winter's use are of transparent gauze with haud-paintcd ilowers, birds, or butterflies. Chrysanthemums will be in great demand this ycat for dress and table decorations, and few of the loveliest summer Ilowers could look better than these now highly cultivated "winter daisies." Christmas decorations of glistening leaf and berry make many a usually commonplace looking home or building look quite picturesque for the time ; and none but the most dy.-pcptic could speak lightly of that sacred institution, the Christmas dinner ! At litis time, too, what a chance we women-folk have or asserting our much wished - for importance with the sterner sex, for we certainly arc prime movers in all that can help to render home bright and \ festive at such a time, as the money, though necessary j enough, needs a judicious spender on such matters as go to make up the haven home. Puddings and pies, too, need deft hands, to make up the much con- Isidcred "flesh pot " portion of the ceremonies, and a woman's dainty taste in decorating the table festively with flowers, glass, plate and lights (for we do not all rejoice in a stall' of efficient servants to attend \- !to such matters) to enhance the appearance of the good things the culinary genius has composed or super intended. A young man of observation recently remarked that " more men than women had been married " among his acquaintance during the last year. The Chinese agree to pay th doctor an annual : I ftipend longaajtoy arein/ 