PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. In speaking of the £1000 advanced to Sir G. R. Dibbs for his visit to England, Mr. Toohey on Tuesday stated that the Premier had refused to take the House into his confidence, and had insulted him (Mr. Toohey) before he left the colony. He returned full of mightiness, which, however, existed in his imagination only. Let us consider the two or three little . things which he tells us were part of his mission. First of all, he says he went home to put our credit on a proper basis. Has he forgotten that he is a protectionist ? Has he for gotten that the ultimate result of "protection must be the creation of a nation here ? Has he forgotten that when federation comes a nation must spring up which will have to build up its own credit within its own re sources ? How then can he, to be consistent, talk about continuing a system which is opposed to the prin ciple that he advocates ? But he goes further, and he says that he went home to influence the people of England to wipe out an act and allow trust funds to be invested in colonial securities in view of the fact that a bill had been passed by the House of Commons for this purpose and re jected by the House of Lords. This mighty man was to have power to do that which the representatives of the people in England could not do. The Colonial Treasurer said the other night that if ihe Government of that day had proposed a vote to pay for expenses of the lion, member for St. Leonards, Sir Henry Parkes, he would have voted for it. Now if the Government had submitted a similar motion, I do not care if it was for £10,000, I would have voted for it ; and 1 would not feel that I was doing wrong. But we were never asked to do anything of the kind. I have been told by people whose opiuion I value very highly, that I ought to put the consitutional ques tion aside at present, because I might wreck the Ministry. Suppose I had that power how much better do I stand than the lion, member, who, with his colossal brain and colossal form, stood here and said, " I do not care whether it wrecks the Ministry or not, the money will not be paid back." But I believe there are enough honest men here to compel the repayment of that money. Sir Henry Parkes said that while he held that the public revenue should not be expended without the sanction of Parliament, lie also held that any Minister who in blind obedience to this rule refused to spend money would be unworthy of his position. As an instance of the exercise of this uiscremuuary power ne saui it was only by his taking action of this kind that the country obtained the princely Redfern Estate for £100,000. Sir George Dibbs : What about the Vernon? . Sir Henry Parkes: You can point to no single instance where I have appropriated £5 of public money to my own use. (Cheers.) Continuing, he said apart from the fiscal policy of the Government he was not disposed to take any course inimical to them. Although they had been in office only 11 months, for a long time they had no Premier to look after the charge they had undertaken. Ministers had spent their time wandering about, the country, aud their action m visiting places where their partisans could get up a banquet for them was degrading to the high offices they held — (cheers) — aud he thought that the less of this kind of thing done in the future the better it would be for all. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by stating that with his eyes open, and with the full approval of his conscience, he would vote against the Government. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr. Copeland said the hon. member was continually talking of closing the door of his political life, but he never would as long as there was a ghost of a chance of keeping it open. Mr. J. F. Cullen, in referriug to the Premier's visit to England said : I will not attempt to follow the Premier through all he did in the old country. Is it not all set forth in the chronicles of that wonderful reporter who was the first to meet him with a smile and the last to weep adieu ? I think it is quite clear that these English records were more a matter of Boswell than of Johnson ; and 1 shall not be sur prised to find that Boswell followed the Premier out here to get his reward. I am sure we are all very relieved to find that if the Premier diued with a tory nobleman one day, he dined with a liberal nobleman the next, and so held the scales evenly. I do not think either that anyone will say much against his acceptance of a title from her Majesty. Jt pleases him, and it does not hurt us. The only importaut aspect of the title is that it would appear to have been given under a misapprehension. The Premier was reported in England as having been thrice a prime minister, a prosperous merchant, a wealthy shipowner, and the real originator of the Soudan expedition which saved poor England in the hour of her peril. Mr. Rae : And brought back a donkey ! Mr. J. F: Cullen : We scarcely re cognise the Premier under this des cription. Strictly speaking, he has been only once a premier. He has twice before been called upon to take the position, and he has held it for a few weeks — that is, until the country has had time to turn him out. Once — and that is now — he has filled the position of Premier, aud, as to .the other qualifications, we only wish that he had them . to the fullest extent. Now, it is sometimes said that when j a map is highly/ elevated, he fails to j recognise his old associates. Our trouble is the other way about. We fail to recognise the old blunt- speaking, Scripture-quoting republican in the new knight. He went home a republican — and we do not blame him for being that republican, — he bowed down before tory institutions, and arose Sir George. We can only wish him joy in wearing his title. Mr. Varney Parkes, speaking on the Premier's visit to England, said he would quote a statement made by the hon. member to an interviewer at Ottawa, when asked his opinion ou Australian federation. It was this : — " I can safely say that our colony, New South Wales, is opposed to it. Ours is the richest and most pros perous of the colonies, and the people feel that the others want to prey upon them. The scheme proposed by Sir Henry Parkes, my predecessor, can never be carried out. It antagonises local interests too much." Sir George Dibbs : Did Colonel Campbell write that ? Mr. Varney Parkes : It was written by an interviewer evidently not ac quainted with colonial politics. In all his glory the Premier declared in England that he would represent this great colony in a becoming manner ; but did he so represent it in his atti tude towards Colonel Campbell, of which we have a full account ? Sir George Dibbs : Does the hon. member believe that ? Mr. Varney Parkes: I thoroughly believe it, because we have never seen a contradiction of the statement. Sir George Dibbs : Does the hon. member really mean to say that he believes that ? Mr. Varney Parkes : I do. Sir George Dibbs : Then the hon. member is a bigger fool than I thought he was ! Mr. Varney Parkes : Again, to show how worthily he represented the colony, here is a pretty little state ment which the Premier made when he went to Canada. Instead of carry ing out his paid mission, instead of doing his duty by looking after the interests of the colony, he sat in his hotel waiting for the Premier of Canada, and for Ministers to wait upon him. Because they did not wait upon him his dignity was hurt. He ouly stopped there a few hours, and then said, " If they do not care to come and look for me, I am certainly not going to tear my shirt running after them." This is in public print, and this is the way this knighted gentleman acted. The hon. member has given views upon all manner of colonial politics, and he has taken upon himself to give views upon English politics. mr. uauu, speaiang on tue uroKen Hill strike, said : Now, I maintain that no body of men ever came out on strike, to fight in the cause Of labor, having a more just or righteous case than the men at Broken Hill have. We have heard laborers raved against throughout the length aud breadth of Australia because the,; have broken agreements. What is the position at Broken Hill ? The men have stood loyally by their agree ment, and they are desirous niw that it should be upheld. The breach of it came from the other side. The Government take up the position that it is not their duty to interfere in the strike — that it is not their duty to settle labor disputes. I say that the question of labor disputes is not only a burning question, but that it is one which will have to be settled by legis lation. It is all very well for ministers to say that strikes cannot be legislated for. If they cannot introduce the legislation, the only course open to them is to make way for someone else who will do so, because, sooner or latei , it will have to be done. Mr. O. O. Dangar : Let hon. gentle men on the other side try ! Mr. Cann : I do not believe lion, gentlemen on the other side would make the attempt. I do not believe that in that respect they would be any better than are the preseut Ministers. Mr. O. O. Dangar: Will hoii. members behind the hon. gentleman be likely to do what others have failed to do ? Mr. Cann : Hon. members sitting behind me will try to do it, even though they fail. Mr. Murphy : We will do the duty that the hon. member shirked ! Mr. O. O. Dangar : I direct the attention of Mr. Speaker . to the language of the hon. member for Balmain, Mr. Murphy. The lion, member has no right, I submit, to charge me with shirking my duty. Mr. Murphy :. I withdraw the inter jection 1 made, in deference to the sensitiveness of the hon. member for the Macleay. Mr. Black : I think that if the hon. member for Balmain, Mr. Murphy, withdraws his interjection, the hon. member for the Macleay should with draw words which I distinctly heard him use as I entered the Chamber. The hon. member used the words, " You cur." Mr. Speaker : The liou. member should have drawn attention to the use of the words at the time. Since he allowed that opportunity to go by, I am afraid no action can be taken. As I have pointed out more than once, it is these interjections that have led to all the scandalous oc currences which have ever happened in this House, and I would once more ask hon. members to refrain from them. Mr. H. McKinnou : Let us see what the consequences will be if the Government are defeated. One of the most competent Governments ever formed in New South Wales will be sent about their business in order to give place — to whom ? I have no thing to say against the leader of the Opposition as a gentleman, but as a politician I would not like to see him at the head of a Government. If the present Government are to give place to him as Premier, and if he is going to be as vacillating in administration as he has been in connection with this motion, goodness help the coun try, for he does not know his own mind for a minute. First, he decides not to move a motion of censure, then he is forced to give notice of it, and then he withdraws his notice, and submits himself to every move of liis party, instead of having a will of his own. The consequences of an appeal to the country now would be most disastrous. There is nothing fresh to report regarding the political situation. Ministers still feel sure of obtaining a majority. The labour members have come to no new determination, but are being actively canvassed by both sides. The Opposition, like the Government, expects victory ; but both sides concur in the belief that the voting will be close. It is now expected that the debate may last till Thursday. 