II, Federation, may or may not bo 14 as dead as Julius Crosar," "but the cause is not- to be unsung. Mr. Sinclair "Wemyas Mackay has written words, Mr. Edgar H. C. "Winson has set them to music, and Mr. John Davis, of Grafton, Now 8outh Wales, has published the whole as "Federation, 'or the Future lie public. A Patriotic Song, dedicated to the Hon. Edmund Barton, Q.C., M.L.A." Neither the words nor the music are of a very high standard. The sentiment of the song may be genuine, but the words in which it is expressed are not a little confused as well- as confusing. Fair Australia is said hy Mr. Mackay to stand boldly in the front of all. Yet he proceeds to relate how he hus heard of "silken bands that in | thraldom hold us fast to Old England and her rulers." The threads, however, are to break at last, and we need not cling to apron strings, That America has won. Other lines urging unity follow, and the bard concludes— Australia I "WhAt a mighty 6ound Thy name shall have ere long. Thy doings shall be written In history and song. At a recent London symphony concert M. Gorsld, a Polish violinist, played the G minor Concerto * of Max Bruch, and his inter-, prctation of the number is favourably com mented upon by the Press. The interest at tached to this item lies in the fact that M. Gorski has been announced to appear along with M.' Padcrewski, the pianist, during his Australian tour. A dealer in musical instruments in Paris has just advertised that he has au undoubted " Stradivarius" for sale in perfect condition, and the price is £1,200. To some (observes an English contemporary) this appears a fabulous fiddle price, but recently £1,000 were given for the Stradivarius presented by his friends to ' Mr. Waldcmar Meyer. Five or six hundred pounds arc now commonly paid for a second j rate Cremona violin, and some well known | copies made about 50 years ago by. a French 1 manufacturer sell readily for £100. The Rev. H. R. Haweis lias a "Strad." which, if he chose to sell it, would probably fetch £1,000 or more. The reverend amateur, who used once to play upon the instrument very well, now keeps it under a gloss case. The Sydney Daily Telegraph of March 12 has the following: The incidental music written for Mr. Beerbohm Tree's revival of " Hamlet" at the Haymarket Theatre by Mr. Henschel has attracted considerable attention in London. Not only is the music described as appropriate in its relation to the drama, but, like that of Mendelssohn to the "Midsummer Night's Dream" and of Greig to "Peer Gynt," it appears to be equally well adapted for per formance as a suite in the concert-room. It was first heard in this form at the fourth London Symphony Concert on January 26. Mr. Henschel, who is equally successful in the capacity of composer, vocalist, or conductor, is the director of these concerto. The suite con sists of five movements, denominated respec tively : Prelude, " Ophelia/7 interlude and pastoral, "Ophelia's Death," and "Danish March." The prelude is based chiefly upon two motives, intended to represent or rather suggest Hamlet's communings with himself, iiud the "Ophelia" section is of a tenderly melodious character, as its title indicates, and forms an admirable contrast to the prelude. The 4 4 Interlude,'' an allegro impctuoso in G i is spoken of as extraordinarily dramatic, and the "Pastorale," played in the drama just before the churchyard scene, as sweet and tuneful. "Ophelia's Death" and the Danish March arc also thoroughly in keeping with the dramatic situations with which they are associated. Referring to the introduction of themes suggestive of the dramatis personee into the incidental music of playp, " G.S.R.," of the IFcrld, humorously observes: 44 Mark my words, as actors comb to understand these things better we shall have such scenes at rehearsals as have never before been witnessed in a theatre—Roscncrantz threatening to throw up his part because his motive is half a bar snorter than GuUdenstern's ; the Ghost claim ing on Mozart's authority ah absolute monopoly of the trombones, or Hamlet asking the eom p6scr, with magnificent politeness, whether he would mind doubling the basses with a contra fngotto, in order to bring out the Inky Clpak theme a little better!" Robinstein, the pianist, is to give 50 conoerts in the United States in 1893. The Jew's harp, a notable musical—or rather noise-making—instrument of boyhood, derives its name, not from anything par ticular which it has, or ever had, to do with the Jews, but from the circumstance of its being placed between the jaws when played. It is a very old plaything, and its first name was jaws' harp, or jaws' trump, which has since been corrupted to Jew's harp. A single Jew's harp is exceedingly incomplete as a musical instrument, for its sounds mainly depend on the reciprocation of columns of air in the mouth of the performer, and these sounds are perfectly identical with the multiples of the original vibrations of tbe instrument. By employing several Jew's harps, however, of different sizes, the deficiencies ore supplied, and a London gentleman, by using 16 instruments of graduated dimensions, was enabled to modu late into every key, and to play tunes in a truly musical and agreeable manner. 