THE OPAL RING: . Wo wcro oitting round (bo muokiag-ro&m; firo at II ? Hull, mid. ^icn thj cIoC': showed ua that a brief half-hour vt.vj nil that WAS loft of tho old year, tliri-o cm no rv pr.,u:o, ? cvoryono Apparently preferring hii own '?thoughts to conversation. Not everyone, ? - though, for Charlie S:lwyn oat live minute.] ??? with a very dcpre:-.~cd couiUcnr.nc?, r.iul then burst out— ?» I wir.h nomo o! you fcllown v/ould talk, ?? : and not oit Glaring into tho firo like r» Let of ? corpse#. II I put out tho light.) perhr.pa this ? wouldn'tto n bail timo for a ghost tr.ll:,' and ' ho jampsd up nnd extinguished nil tha candlco, then went on : 'I'm euro como oi JOO aro thinking about thcus no»7, cspeotally Gordon, who mig lit havo lived among them ? &U; his life, by tho loo!: of bis fnc3 ; beside, ho . has ou that beastly opr.l ting, vrhich, I hr.to» Seo it glitter, na if it sheltered vritliiu r. devil ;? or a ghost.' '? ? ' Would you lilio to hear ita ctory?' nnttl Clifford Gordon, looking up with n faint emilo: 'it includes a ghoat, to porhr.pu it won't bo too tamo, even for Charlie.' ? . ? 'Let's lif?h*i nomo brandy r.nd rar\kc a greon light/' oaid Seh/yn; 'I'm cuu it would add to the cfieot.' . ' 1 dareoay you know,' bcgr.n Gordon, u that I am a relation of Lord Gordon. Our fathers were cousins, but ho has c.lViV.yo bccu » Much nioto liko ^ brother to 120.' ^Gordon of Grathowo Abbsy?' naked I Oharhe Selwyn. b I 'Yea; I visited thero l?.ct Ghriatmr.a £oc ; tho first time, my counin having alwaya wintered up to that time atarihootinr^bos in Norfolk, Wnenl arrived bii ricter Clark: — lor I forgot to Bay that Geoiirey ia r, bachelor . —met mo in tlio hull nnd '.vi'.ii r.n r.ur.iotn 4 faco told mo that r.s all tha rccnu wcro_ lull, I una a few others \\--ould havo tu cleep in tlio . nottu wini;. Sbo hoped I would not bo afraid, no tticro wcro rovrral oi us. 1 assured . her tbnt 1 bad net {bo cWjMtit objection to tho north wiD(j, nt '.vhi-li :ko looked much rohoved. ' An old man-ccrv.'.al c'-.o'.7:ln:3 uptitr.iu; -? and after trav£r.,inj stoat a raila oi ctair . C8BCB ond picsaircii we r.r: r.t tho north wing, part oi tbo orijin.-.l bailJiD^.non about 400 years old. \- 'MVny don't pcopb liko olecpinj; in this part, Tnomr.a?' I sited. 1 It r.ocrno _to ma the most comfortable pines I wan ever in.' *' 1 Woll, Bir, ' rr.id Thorncu, 'I don't tliinh thcrj 10 muob nar.inat tho room, cuoopt that poor XjJily Dorothy v?no hops hero till oho esoaped and nno drowned in tho Into. Shall I send oomo ono to unpr.c!; for you, lit ?' ' For tho next fortnight wo wcro herd worked, for it io not cony to ltoop lifty people imuscil, but oa tho frost held out, skatiug aadsleigbing were iduiIi indul(7ed in all dny, and- tbeatrior.la nnd concert: nt night. At . Iho end of tho fortnight, when nil wero gono except myoelf end a fow other relntiveo, Olarioo noted mo if I would ohrsogo tny room. ''Mo, thank yon, 1 prefer ntayinc wliere I am,' niud 1 . ' 1 I'm glad if you'vo ncnt tlio chooto awiiy,' BhOBaul. 'Tho oorvnntt! nil deolnro that if anyono nle[,t thero fourteen niglitii running, tho apcctrco ^ould lioveroomo bacl: ngain.' ''Willi,' I nnnwerod, 'X'va olept thero thirteen mjihtn ; I intend to cleep thero tho fourteonth. nn it; in n had lookout, for tho ghOEta.' ' That waa Now Ycor'o Eve, and it wan muoh euoh weather nu tniu, cseept that thoro waa an owlul galo p.11 day which blew down big trcca nnd loft drifto iu tho pnrh ten feet deep. We wero all rr,ther dull that evening, and Clarico ended off with hyatecicB, which did not uurprieo ub much altor nil tho fatiguo ot tha lnut fortnight ; no nt cloven o'oloclt wo separated and went to our roomo, and for tho first timo I thought mine rr.Uior ghootly, BO I mado up on ouornioao firo and nettled mjBolI on n sofa beoido it, not fooling in \- olinod for tlio funorcal bcdntcad, and began to read, - By-nnd-byo 1 foil into n half alumbar which muot havo laotcd quito two hours, no, when I cwoko, ono oandlo alono waa flioltering in ita Boofcot, nnd tho firo who vur/ iuw, uui. i um not iccn inoiinuu to ruuuo it op, having that peculiar fooling that oorno onoclao woo in tho room: 1 accordingly dc tormmcd to let it go out and try to go to sleep. But try na I would I could not help kaopmg avsako, nnd no tho room wna now al most in darkccDa I neized tho poker and ilirrod tho flro into n blaze. ' When I looted up I waa surprinod to ceo ? ilguro at tho other end ot tho room. After a whilo it turned nnd npproaohod mo, and I UW it tfQD a lady dreiisod in a oootumo of tho UBt oontnry, and having on hor baud thia ring. PrcBDntly oho oamo quito oloso to mo, ?nd among other thingo whioh 1 must not reveal oho implored mo to wear tho ring 'while I Hvfld. flhov/nuld havo no runt if Domn ono didn'l wear it ; and oho would oomo and claim it at my r-;'..th. I noticed it Bent red fays all ovor tho'room. I promiocd to do hor xnll, when sho dioappoarod through a pnnol, and 1 romombcred no movo till I nwoko in broad daylight, and found old Tliomr.ii stand ing bCBido mo. looking dreadfully frightened ; but ho coomed roliovod when I nnnurod him I was oil right, and cent him to fctoh GcoCiroy. When ho oamo I told him ovorything, nnd pointed out tho pnucl through whioh tho lad; had pascod, llo orocsed tho room nnd opened it, rovenling a umr.ll reccnu, in v/hioh lay an old brooadod dreca nnd n pair of aatin slipporo, whioh I inotnutly recognised no thoso tho lady had worn. '?But what about tho ring, OliCord?' ' I hold up my hand aud ohowod him tho opal, now pnlo nnd Iuotrclo3a no n pieoo of aarnation. Hi;i faoo hlnuohcd. ' 1 Sho alwnya oppor.ro hoforo a death,' ho mattered. ' Whon I wan dresoed I joined my oouoin ? in tbo pioturo gallery. Ho waa atanding boforo a email portrait, whioh I inotnutly rc oogDiBod no my visitor of tho night boforo, #nd on hor Cngor gleamiDg tho opnl ring. '.'I may no well tell you all I know about hor/onid Gecfiroy. 'Sho wnu tho wifo of aomo onooBtor of ouro, und ho gavo hor that opil oo on engogemont ring. Ono winter night a traveller enmo and noked for their hospitality, no hie horoa could go no farthor. Ho tnrnod out to bo an nrtiat, and Lady Dorothy inoiotod on hio painting tliio por trait oi hor, whioh ho did, nnd in tho moan timo gained her r-Cectiono to ouoh n dogroo that a duel wan tho result, and her huobr.nd was billod. Whnt linppcuod to tho pp.intor no ono over know, but poor Lr.dy Dorothy wont mr.d, and waa kept iu tho north wing, * from which oho cooape'd ono Nov.' Ycnr'a Evo & and drownod li- xnoll in tho lake.' ^ j§* ' At thio momontold 'rhoma3 ruohed into Sj tho room oxclniming : N ? -w ''Miaa Olarioo! poor Mie3 Clnrioo 1 I tnow Eomothing would happen 1' 'Wo raohod oC to Clnrioo'a room, whero wa found my poor oouoin quite out of hot mind. 'iioawborl 1 caw her 1' iho kept ropoat -Jag. 'Sho camo through thero, nnd 1 onr? her 1' ' Incxpreaeibly ohooked I hurried for n dootor ; but it v/ao of no iioo, Tho poor girl '?V never recovered hor reason, nnd a month nfterwardo I heard of hor death. ? 'Wiion v/o examined tho rccoso in my room, V70 fonnd n ccorct ataircaoo and a door ' into Olonco'fl room, and oo ono of thcao otopa an old cambrio handkerohief nnd n ohnwl, \- ?? - whioh St iu ouppoocd lady Dorothy dropped in hor booty flight. Geoffrey fchut up tho houco ?- nnd hao lived abroad over oinco. I am told ? thot ha looku quito an old man,nndhaav;hito heir, but I linva novor oeon him cinoo tbnt terublo cir.y.' Whon Gordon finished o dcop oilcnco pro ? : VAilod, cm! it not broken till wo heard * ibo bolld liuninf! iho Now Year. Wo all c-; , crowded round the oyon v;indow, and thoro weso many hand-f.'h/'.kiogo and good wiBbeo eiOhsngea by all of us c:rcojii Gordon, who \- - ' ; flipped out, unpoiocivctl in tho gonoral A movejnont. 'Fancy thing, muoed Chnrlio. 'I treniu it it is true 1 Moot bo, though, einoo ho'a got tbo ring. I tl#nya tV.tmgM thoro] wa3 something oonncctod with that opal ; it glittero co much j and to-night it wno quito | sod.' Wo separated noon after tliia, and when my mill called mo in the morning ho brought a few lines hastily icr.v.vicd on r. iicrop of paper from Gordon, i dling mo that lie iin.il L. , ;i obliged to ler.vo b;' r.n crrly trniti, r.nd v;ouli] I esplr.in nir.tte:'j to our liost. X'or ten year n I h?.d noiUier heard noi' c::n nnylliing of Gordon. I hr.d i:old out of tho regiment in which Charlie Oehvyn waa now mr.jor, and nailed down iu n comfortable plnoa that au luiolo had opportunely left mo; nnd I had juct invited a lot of peoplo for a Chrii- tmr.a and Kow Ytnr'o visi! when coino not very plonoant hnsinceo oh'.ie.cd mo to countermand all my invitationo and pene trate into Germany, which of all placeo in tho world cccmn to be the ware, tu spend tho winter in. I had fmiBhcd ovcrj thing, and v;an Hoping to get homo iu timo to tea tho Nov; Year in : inn 1 wan doomed to disappointment ; and after tho traina had been getting ulowcr and slower, on New Year's E'.o tlicy camo to n otr.mle'.iU altogether, and at last a porter | came and managed to mako mo undcratand that I must get out, no I v;aa tho only pan cengor, and tha train did not intend to go any further. ' lluS wlicro tho deuca ia thio?' I naked, looking about mo'in despair and eeeing no thing hut tho Rhine nnd a very email town on ita b.ml'.o, which at thio point aro mo:i uninteresting, and, in faot, remind you of Holland. At last I managed to mako out. that ii woo Ncuwied, that the ' Golden Anchor ' and tho ' Wi'fi Mail ' ohut, and that tlio only place wlicro I should bo lilrly to got room:; was tha Moravian Hotel, v/hioh, for tho o liorbitant amount of fiva maska, tho portc: offered to show mo. Could I havo rcomo ? Ycj, certainly, aud anything cl:o too, caid tho polito proprietor, showing mo into a nitting-rcom with r. flro in it. And should they tako hot water up stair?, and what ohould I liho for dinne; i Thi:i counded comforting, and it proved co, too, lor after n hoi bath and an excellent dinner 1 leis reircimeu ana cot. myceu oucer iully to work to read como Grcphica a year old. But 1 waa not long alono. Tho pro prietor ovidently thought ho might an well como r.nd converse with mo, which ho did, giving mo hio viowo on German politico, whioh wcro qnito different from anything I had ever heard beforo on tho subject. ' And havo you no ono olsohero to-ni?ht?' I inquired.' ' Only a German lady and hor dooghtor who occupy n citting room upatairs,' ho an owered ; but if the gcntloman v;ishea I will ask thera to oomo and talk.' ' Not at all, thank you,' I replied, tha idea of having to oonvorso v/ith two Gorman lndica being too muoh for rno. ' But I | meant English ; you havo no ono oIgo here, 1 ouppoao t' 'X'no landlord'o fnco prov; grave. caid, ' but ho will bo gono beforo tbo morn ing. I fear, poor fellow.' ' ' How do you mean — wlicro ia ho Going J' I inquired. ' Homo— ho io dying; pcrhapa you v/ould like to ceo him 1' I did not rnuoli liko tho thought, but it ceomod to bo ouoh an awful thing to dio away from cveryono in a foroign land, with no fellow countryman near, that I oounonted, and tho iaudlord took mo upstairs to a room in which were n German doctor and two Moravian feittero watching their patient, lor there wau nothing elso now to do for him. I wont softly up to tho bed and looked at tha dying man, whoza faoa was in tho uhadow, but ono ot wliosa hands lay on tbo counter pane. On it glittorcd an opal ring. 'Andcraonl' oaid a voioo ; nud no ho turnod hio head X roooguiocd Clifford Gor don. ' My dear friend I' 1 murmured, and tbon I quite broko down. '? Aol: them to leavo uo ; t-hoy can do no good now,' ho aaid. 1 turned to tho landlord and told him thio waa an old friend oi mine, and that ho wiahed to opoak to mo alono, whereupon ho bundled tho doctor and tho others out of tho room nnd left- ua together. 'Anderson,' Gordon began, ' do you to mombcr thin timo ten yearn ago, and my tell ing you about Irndy Dorothy ?' ' Yea, I remember it nil,' I oaid. ' Well, I havo Been hor again 1 oho came lCBt night ; and I think alio will oomo again for tho ring.' ' 1 liopo not,' I anoworod gently, although I cvan my inoxperiencod oyeo oav; that ho had not muoh lonnor to live. ' I did not toll you all,' ho Baid. ' I havo always been atraid lest I Bhould go mnd liko poor Clarico, but I nm not afraid now. Aro thoso bcllo ringing in tho New Yoor?' 'Yea, dear old friend, it ia Nov; Yonr'o morning,' 1 answered. ' Will you opon tho window 1 I ohould liko to hoar them for tha last timo. Du you think you could raiso mo olightly ?' I put my hand behind bim and gently raised him. Wo remained silent for aomo timo, and than Gordon enid : 'Tho Now Yoar haa como now, hao it not? And Lady Dorothy — 'heotopped, and hio oyoa closed. I uoizud tho bell-pull, Out it would not act. When I looked at hia hand the ring won gone. Ho woo dead I 