Pun. nimppolnlmont first comes in Iifo to tho baby who hns a trumpot givon to him for a, present and then Hilda thnt ho hasn't wind unough to blow It. lie (fooling his way to a knowledgo of hor accomplishments) i ? Can youdiirn stooklngs Arabella /' Sho (with dlBtunt frigidity)) 'I don't export U- marry a nmn who noods to wear darned stockings,' CUller nt Iho rural post oflloos 'What makes our letters so Into thin morning, Mrs. Goodycr r Kunil Post- mistress I 'Well, you soc, nlr, ? fs they plnguey postcanls. They takes a loiijr time to raul ifor n poor woman what nln t inuoh of n scholnrd.' Grace I'Inm going to boo oiurn to.day. lliivo you any message I' i I)oif' i 4 ,W,°S,'}1' 'mv y°' oim visit that dreadful girl I Glvo hor my love' , ' Is ho really In lore?' ' Is ho J Hu Is bo much In lovo that ho has beoomo n postman, so ho enn got to read her otters Hoonor. Uenldcs, as, a letter carrier, tl Til ' ls Sotting lottors from nny Two friends wore driving nlong a narrow country blue, when thu horso took fright nt n Btonu heap, and bolted. Thu driver wns calm, but his companion exhibited every symptom of fear, ami ex claimed : M'd glvo live pounds to bo out of 'Keen your money In your pocket,' re plied lilsfrlend.'you'llbooutln a minut* or so, and It won t cost you anything.' Hu had scarcely got the words out of hi/I month when tho carrlngo was overturned ami they both rolled into the ditch. In a cirUin comotory, which shall bo insorip'Son1!'0™ '' ' BmVOStOn° wlth ''' ' Air. .diaries Flcst will rcposo horo i nt present ho is still nllvo nud e!irrylng on th. shot-ranking business nt -11,144 Larrabee street, ' Mln flasket, _I lovo you dearly,' confessed young Mr. Smfthcn, ' I iini so glad,' replied Miss Gasket, for ? You mnko mo Intensely happy,1 rejoined 'I hopu i Hiiull continuo to do so, for I nm to be your stepmother.1 Chcnilit (to newiy'hiral boy); 'Here, Johnny, you do not appear to bolusy. Just mk\hem:.'I10'B1!1OUt0Elll0lM8k0U»a Johnny : ? Not much. 1 came to learn tho business, not to work the pnwiibiokora.' ?Could you dotlw landlonlln tho 'Lady ncto'r0'8 manager of a seedy ? Well, I should think t might i I havedono a good many landlords,1 ' When you get tho Idea, young man, that ?our personal Importance Illls n large apaco i the public eye, ju8t cut tho air with jour hand, then look for tlio cut, and you will ecu thu slzu of the sjiaco you occupy.' WouM-be-Tenants-illko the Hat very much, but I hear the house is haunted ' Landlord (rubbing his hands nnd smiling): .My dear madam, I attend to that personally, the ghosts only appear to tonnnts who do not pay their rent and refuse to move out.' A lady wns one day reproving her boy of four for having strayed Into the garden and helped himself to fruit. Her husband, who Is very bald, was in the room, and when bo »M -« th. ehlfd, -You mist never do I? again, or they will take you to prison nnd cut off all your hair,' ho glanced up nt his father mid said— ' Has futhur been there, mother?' ' My boy,' mid a pompous old gjntlemin, tfu1i,t.nbaUnl,!1e'.l!'IX- V°U'' '^ Hnd hoyV^^^w^uim^'^ffiL^11 ? Indeed it does,' Interrupted tho landlady, an sho snatched up tho butte».plnto: 'but you are the lirst one that's had tho coruld cration to speak about It.' A water curlst insists thnt a good thing for t ho euro of Eoru throat is to soak the feet 1 crimps a good thing for cldlulnlos, In the estimation of tho unmo water curist, would bo to soak the head. It is a poor rule that docs not work both ways. Teacher :'li, China criminals are often ?ontc iced to bo kept nwnko until insanity and death results. Now how do you buddoso they keep them from falling asleep /' ' Lltihglrl (eldcjt of a small family) , -I cxpuct they gives 'em a baby to taku care Magistrate : ' 1 understand, then, thnt your wife ihrew hurself out of tho window, nnd that, although you wore present, you mado Mnrty 0'C'om1olr:'L'-'Deol an' f did, yer wurishlp Sure I mu down to tho noxt lure to ketch her nt the window, but, begorra, she hnd got down before me.' 'My beloved brethren,' announced the ireaidier from his pulpit, 'on Sunday morn i,g next a collection will be taken upforour blessed Hjl lulxslun.' ?Aiiiuii,' mug fervently through tho con gregation. ?And 1 would ndd,' went on the preneher Impassively,' that nmuns however resonnnt nud sincere, make but little rattle In tho contribution box.' ' Have yon a large house to-night !' llicatriiMl Manager: ' Ves; tho house never looked bo largu to me before There nru only three people lu It.' 