TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Thb Tasmanian Council of Agriculture is rapidly extending the range of its opera tions, and if the results of the past may be taken as criterious of those to come, the interests . of the colony as a whole cannot Via nf.ViArwia* f.Tin.n ViwTiffitArJ. In VBura gone by our agricultural industry was , per; mitted to languish, until it had attained: a very low level, at any rate, bo far as all round prosperity was concerned. For this1 \- state of things the apathy of the farming. community must to a very great extent be held responsible. Our agriculturalists understood not the advantage of coopera tive action. They, permitted representa tives of other and far less important in dustries to band together and thus divert means which might hare been legitimately employed in the furtherance of agricul ture inifco channels which time has since proved to be unproductive. Now however, a change is coming over the spirit of the scenei Our farmers are realising and none too toon' either, tee true ? signification of (fat tens co-operation. They are awak ing to the meaning of the old motto ' United we stand, divided we f all ' and, when they have fully opened their eyes to the import of these wordB, then, and tbea only, oan the agricultural industry, so far aa Tasmania is concerned; be honestly designated the backbone of the colony. To the influence of the Council of Agriculture must, to a great extent, be attributed the growing healthiness of. the tone which for some time past has been pervading certain of our farming districts north and south. At the . present period twenty-one branches . or' the Council have been established in the island and more are to follow. These branches if properly sustained should be responsible for an incalculable amount of good; for not alone will they »e the means of bringing about the desired co- operation, but they will act as mediums for the dis semination of, profitable knowledge throughout their respective districts. It; is certainly to be regretted that our legis lative authorities have deemed it fit to hamper tha Council, to a certain extent, with official red-tapeism, but it is perhaps only natural that in certain respects legis lators require just as much educating up in the way ifc is desirable they should go, as do our simple minded villagers. # # # # ? A strong feeling has been manifest in the United States of recent years, that ; some legislative effort should be made ?with a view of temporarily checking the tide of immigration which has for «o long beea constantly flowing from various quarters of the globe on to the soil of the Union. Recent events have conclusively proved that a very considerable percentage of what is justly termed ' the dangerous ?lenient' is included in the stream of humanity which, flows from across the Atlantic, including as it does, the anarch ist, aggressive socialist, professional agitator, and- other such, scourings of European civilisation. The States have now a very respectable population, at least so far as numbers go, of their own, and could well afford to do without the aid ?f immigration for some time to come. How .Europe will fare ivhen the safety valve afforded for so many years for her surplus millions, is . even temporarily checked, be comes a.' matter for rather serious con jecture. Perhaps Australasia will gain what the Unitod States are ap? parently not very sorry to. lose, that is . unless colonists in this part of the world make up their minds to strenu ously oppose the landing of the human refuse of the old world upon' their shores. The number of free immigrants arriving in America from various countries from 1820 to 1879 inclusive was— -England, 894,444; Iraland, 3 065,761} Scotland, 159,6471 'Wales, 17,893 ; Great Britain (not specified) 560,458 ; total British Isles, 4,698,008, The numbers from other European countries were'AustriaandHungary.eS.SSSjDenmark, 48,628; France, 313,716; Germany, 3,002,027; Italy, 70,181; Sweden and Norway, 306,092 ; Switzerland, 83,709. The total from Europe was 8,746,921. In 1882, statistics show us there wa9 a foreign immigration representing 788,392 souls.The figures quoted will furnish the reader with a very good idea of the proportions this exodus of people from Europe totheUnited States has been gradually assuming, until .now 'Uucle Sam ' has apparently become wide-awake to the necessity of closing Mr front door for a time and refusing to open it again until his inmates have comfortably .settled down. '- Sensational poisoning cases seem in a measure peculiar to New Zealand. Some five years since, the Australasian news papers were tun or cne aeiaus or tne mia mousHall case, in connection with which so many startling revelations were made. Hall, who was highly connected, was a prominent resident of Timaru,and rendered himselC notoriously prominent by a propen sity he had for appropriating money at the expense of other peoples worldly existence. He insured his wife for a considerable amount and then set systematically to work to poison her, having previously, it is strongly Buspected/'removed' hia respected father-in-law from this world of toil and trouble. For the 'crimes sheeted home to his account he is now serving imprison ment for the term of his natural life. An equally sensational casa to Hall's, has recently been brought to light at Waiko jmiti, near Auckland. A. young English barrister, possessing an attractive wife, settled a'b Waikoiniti, in proximity to the habitat of a farmer named Alexander Scott. This impressionable individual fell a victim to the charms of Mrs Thompson, and after a brief period of acquaintance was ^installed as a friend of the family. The attentions of the new comer were evidently acceptable to the lady of the house, for evidence wats adduced at the m quest to show that the couple were fre quently seen out walking and driving together. Letters were also found in Scott's possession showing they corresponded with each, other, albeit the contents of these epistles were somewhat matter of fact. Owing to indisposition Mrs Thompson left Waiko miti and went to reside, in Auckland, leav ing Scott to look after home and 'hubby.' The guardian of these domestic treasure! started to fulfil his trust by filling *' hubby ' up with a variety of poisons, and in consequence of such delicate atten tions, poor . Thompson after a lingering illness ultimately yielded up the ghost. An inquest was held on the body, and after Scott had tendered his evidence he was arrested,, and now stands committed for trial on a charge of wilful murder. The affair has created intense excitement in and around Auckland, for the parties con cerned are well known throughout the province. # * # # The Parliamentary session which opened on July 26 has been brought to a con clusion, and despite all assertions to . the contrary must be regarded as satisfactory. When Mr Dobson and his colleagues assumed office upon the retirement of the IPysh Administration their position was one of peculiar, and indeed unprecedented, difficulty. At short notice and without previous administrative experience they were called upon to deal with, a condition of affairs which would not brook delay, and in their efforts to afford relief they were to some extent limited in their choice of expe dients, inasmuch as they had not only to con sider what measures were best calculated to afford relief, but to formulate proposals which were likely to commend themselves to both branches of the Legislature. Have Ministers succeeded ? On the whole we think they have. The amount of taxation imposed has been less than that contem plated by Mr Bird, certain new sources of revenue too long neglected have been tapped, and an attempt has been made to effect retrenchment, in the cost of government. Parliament has done its duty, in giving the new Ministers a com paratively free hand, and they must now.be prepared to be judged upon the result of what they have already accom plished, as well as by the proposals they will submit uponthe re-assembling of Par liament. That they have made mistakes, notably in yielding to pressure in regard to the appointments of Solicitor to the Lands Titles Department, and also in the appointment of representatives to the Federal Council, cannot be denied ; but in the main thay have redeemed their pro mises and adhered to the policy they enunciated when assuming office. The pensions' commutation scheme, of which so much has been said, is a sound and legitimate financial cou#,reflecting no little credit upon the Treasurer ; indeed, its only opponents are those who cannot or will not make' themselves acquainted with, its pro visions. The great objection which has been taken, to the proposal, and the one upon which all the grotesque ? protests recorded are based, is that it is an attempt to diverb the Public Debts Sinking Fund'to an improper use, but as a matter of fact it has been put in a fair way of being augmented. The money has been invested upon a basis recommended by the Government . Statistician, and endorsed by the actuary to the Australian Mutual Provident Association, and will serve a twofold purpose. It has relieved the Treasurer of the necessity of providing some .£6000 or .£7000 per annum for the payment of pensions, and consequently less taxation to that; extent will be required, and it h*s also put idle money to a profit able uae. There is another aspect of the question which must not be forgotten. By the scheme proposed we shall pay our due proportion of an obligation we have inherited, passing on to posterity, not an interminable burden, but one we have very much reduced. Those who have been chief in taking exception to the Ministerial proposals have not suggested an alternative scheme, and the Legislature has acted wisely in endorsing the policy submitted. Ministers have a brief recess before them, and upon the use they make of it the sup port they receive will mainly depend. -.'?'.. _;#.##?*. . . . ' . . ' The unsatisfactory result of the Brussels Conference is evidently- to leave , the cur rency question in a worse state than ever The statements made by the' British dele gates that the policy of England ia to maintain the mono-metallic system dis heartened the bi-metallists, for it was evi dent that without the hearty co- operation of the greatest commercial nation in the world the proposal to adopt the new theory would be premature. It is evident that the prophecy of The Times, when the failure H of the conference became apparent, that a H sharp fall in the price of silver would take H place, will prove true. The efforts H of the American Congres3 to main- H tain the ratio between the two metals H —gold and silver— by the passage of the H Bland Act have been fruitless, because the H project was a fallacy. America is a large H silver-producing country, and it was but H natural that she should endeavour to main- ? tain the purchasing power of one of her H greatest outputs. Hence the adoption of H legislation which compelled the United H States Government to buy a large monthly H supply of that metal. But the efforts to H bolster up prices of commodities generally H are likely to have a disastrous recoil; The ? stock of silver in the .possession of the H United States Government is increasing;, H and it is impossible to put it into circula- H tion, because people will not accept pay- H ment in a currency which is decreasing in H intrinsic value. The difficulty which pre- H sents itself for solution is that of I fixing a standard between two metals ? ?which, according to tho inexorable ? law of supply and demand, are H liable to fluctuation. England is not a ? silver-producing country, and it will be a I hard matter to convince her financiers that H it ia to. their interest to accept on behalf of I the nation payment for liabilities from ? foreign creditors in a currency whose value I has been artificially increased. The only B apparent outcome from the present difficulty H appears to be in so limiting the supply of ? silver or increasing the use of gold that the I commercial ratio of the two metals will be I re-established, and late telegrams to the I effect that the silver mines in Denver, the ? capital of Colorado, and one of the largest ? silver- producing districts in America, are I to be closed is an evidence that this couraa I will be adopted. The report certainly has I been contradicted, but as the natural ten- ' H dency will be iu this direction there is I every reason to think that there was some ' I foundation for the intimation first made. ? The question is one which will to some ex- I tent influence the future of the silver mines I in the Australian colonies now that we I have taken our place amongst the pro- ? ducers of that metal. The output of our I miaes, large as it may seem to us, has, I however, very lit le effect on the market I generally, seeing that the annual output is ? estimated at over 60,000,000 ounces, but I whatever affects the whole market will to I some extent 'affect us. Other industries I have had to submit to the laws of supply I and demand, and as price3 decrease viy.h I the increased, supply, so those particular I ventures which are working with the I least margin of profit have to give way I because they are no longer payable, This I seems to be. the natural solution of the I silver question. ? _^ I 