^ttmtvxt. THE SORCERESS. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of 'The Son of his Father,' 'The Chronicles of Carlingford,' 'The Rose in Jane.-' ' The Greatest Heiress in England,' ' Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' 'It was a Lover and his loss,' 'Adam Graeme/' &&, ~&c.; f Published iy special arrangement with tbe author. AH rigbta reserved.] \- ?-'?: CH-IPTEB XVIL It was .perhaps a very good thing for Eeo at this distracting and distracted moment of her life that her. mother's illness came in to fill tip every thought. Her own little fabric of happi ness crumbled down about her ears like a house a! cards, enly.as it was far niore deeply founded and strongly built the downfall was with a rnmbliag that shook the earth and a dust that rose up- to the skies- Heaven was blurred out to Her t-y sne rising eioTias, ana au cne earon was fuUoliuanoiselikeanearthquakeof the falling w»ll3. »She could not get that Bound out of her ears even in. Mrs. Kingsward's sick-room, where the quiet was preternatural and every body spoke in the lowest tone and every step was hushed. - Even then it -went on roaring, the efcones and the rafters flying, the Etorms ol dust and ruin blackening the air,- so that Bee could not but wonder that nobody saw them, that the atmosphere was not thick and stifling with those debris that were con jjinuafly' falling . about her own ears. TPot everything was coming down, not only the* idol and the shrine he abode, jn, iet heaven and earth, in which she felt that no troth, no faith, could dwell any longer. :. Who was there to believe in ? not any nan, if., not Aubrey ; not any goodness, any troth, if not his— not anything! For it was without object, without warning, for nothing »i all that he had deserted her, as if it had been of.no importance; with the ink not dry on bis letter, with her. name still upon his lips. \- A great infidelity, like a great faith, is always \- something. It is tragic, .one of the awful events of life in which there is an may be fate ; an evil destiny, a .terrible chastisemenS pre pared beforehand. In such a ease one ean at feast feel one's self only a great victim, injured by God 'himself and the laws of the universe, tfturagh that was not the common fashion of thought then as it is nowadays. Bat Bee's downfall did not mean so much as that, it was not Intended by any one— not even by the ohief worker in it. He had meant to hold Bee fast with one hand while he amused him self with the pother. Amused himself— oh, heaven ! Bee's heart seemed to contract with a speechless spasm of anguish and rage. That she should be of no more account than that 3 Flayed with as if she were nobody ;.the slight creature of a moment. She, Bee! She, Colonel Kingsward's daughter ? At first the poor -girl went on. in a mist of eelf-absorption, through which everything else pieread but dolly, wrapped up and hidden in it as in the storm of dust which would have arisen had her house actually fallen about her eara, perceiving her mother through it, and *he doctor and all the accessories of the scene— font dimly, not as if they were rsaL When, however, there began to penetrate through this strange words with strange meanings in them —Danger— danger to whom ? strength failing ; .bnt whose strength? a dull wonder came in, bringing her back to other thoughts. Byand byeBBenegantonnderBtandalittlethatitwas to mdSaar of. whom these things were bang said— her mother ! but it was not her mother's house that had fallen; what did it mean J The doctor talked ., apart .with Mouleey, and Moulsey ^turned her back and her shoulders heaved and her apron seemed to be -pat to her eyes. Bee in her. dream eaid half aloud ' Danger 1' and both the doctor and Moalsey tamed upon her as if -they would have killed her. , Then she was beckoned out of the room and found herself standing face to face -with that grave yet kindly -countenance whioh she had known all her life, in which she believed as in the greatest authority. She heard his voice speaking to her through. aB the rumbling and downfall. 'You must be very courageous,' it said, 'you are the eldest, ? x ..rii _____ _t_.ai___ —*—__.—_ _.___??. - 3t nrik*.^ ana tut your unoer uomes name— — nuns did it matter about her father coming home or about her being the eldest? What bad these things to do with the earthquake, with the failure of truth and meaning and everything in life f She looked at him blankly, wondering if it were ; possible .'that he did not hear the I sound of ther great; falling, the rending of the ; walls, and the.tearing of the roof, and the choking dustthafc filled all earth and heaven? 'My deac Beatrice,' he said, for he had ' known her all. his life, 'you don't understand me, do you, my poor child?' ' Bee shook her head, looking at him wist fully. Could he know anything more about it, she wondered ; anything that had still to be said? ??-?-. He took ber hand, and her poor little hand 'was very cold with emotion and trouble. The gjood doctor, who knew nothing about any tadiyidnaL cause little Bee could have for agita ?Ham, thought he saw that her very being was arrested Jby a terror which as yet herintelli gBODi&atl; not grasped; something dreadful in the air which ehe- did'not understand. He drew her into ,tihe- dining-room, the door of wbioh stood open, and poured out a little wine for her. ' 'Now, Bee,' fae said, 'no fainting, no weakness. Yipu most prove what is in yoa now. It is a dreadful Mai for you, my dear, but you can 4p a great deal for your dear mother's eakft as sbe would for yours.?' *?' I have never said it was* trial,' cried Bee, ?with a gasp. ??Whyidoyonepeak to, me so? Has mamma told you ? No one has anything to do with it bot-we.' :-'-'- -'- \ He looked 'at her with great surprise ; but khe doctor was a man of too -much experience sob to see that hare was something into which it was better :not to enquire. He eaid, very quietly, 'You,- as the -eldest, have no doubt *ha chief part to play ; but the little ones wfll all depend upon- your strength and courage. 3Tonr moths, does not herself know. She ifl ?very ilL It will require stU^hat we can do— to 3»ull her through.51 . Bee repeated the last words after him with a soared look but.searcely any understanding in lier face— 'To puHher-rthrougb f ? 'Don't you- understand me now?— your toother— has been: ill for a long time. Your father is aware of it. I suppose he thought you were too young to be told. But now that he is absent, and your brother, I have no alternative. 'Your mother is fin great danger. I haye telegraphed for Colonel Kingsward— but in the meantime, Bee — '?--. Child, don't lose your head '. do you understand me ? She may be dying^— and you are the only one to ~— stand to her to give her courage,' - ? -~ Bee did not look as- if she had courage for any one at that dreadful moment. She fell a trembling from- head to foot and fell back againBVtae~walI where ehe was standing. - Her «J# 8*«ifci**»'0» staring at him yet veiled aa if tihqr^tid flMfefeor&nd; she stammered forth at leagtt, ^MkM&er; i mother !' with almost no iaeanH^p'jaijKeeiceBS of misery and surprise. 'Yes— your mother ; whatever else you may have to think of she is tli8 first consideration now.' ' ' He went on speaking, but Bee did not hear him; everything 'floated round her in a mist. The ecenes at the Bath, the agitations, Mrs. Kingsward's sudden pallors and blushings, her pretence, which they all laughed at, of not being able to walk—her laziness lying on the sofa, the giddiness when she made that one turn with Charlie, she who had always been so fond of dancing, the hurry of bringing her to Kingswarden when Bee had felt they would have been so much better in London, and her strange, strange new fancy, mutely condemned by Bee. of finding the children too much for her. Half of these things had been silently remarked and'disapprovedX-f by the daughters. Mamma gettingsoidle — self-indulgent almost — bo unlike herself. Had they not been too easily engaged in their own affairs Bee and Betty would both have been angry with mamma. All these things seem to float about Bee in a mist while she leaned against the wall and the doctor stood opposite to ber talking. It was only perhaps about a minute after aD, but. she saw waving round her, passing before her eyes one scene melting into another, or rather all visible at once, innumerable episodes — the whole course of the three months past which had contained so much. She came out of this strange whirl very miserable but very quiet. ' I think it is chiefly my fault,' she said faltering,, interrupting .the doctor, who was talking, always talking; 'but how could I know, for nobody told me ? Doctor, tell me what to do now? You said we should— pull her through.' She gave him a faint, eager, conciliatory smile, appealing to him to do it. Of courae he could do it ! ' Tell me, tell me only what to do.' He patted her kindly upon the shoulder. 'That is right,' he said. 'Now you under stand me and I know I can trust you. There is not much to do. Only to be quiet and steady— no crying or agitation.' . Moualey knows everything. But you must be ready and steady, my dear. Sit by her and look happy and keep up her courage— that's the chief thing. If she gives in it is all over. She must not see that you are frightened or miser- ; able. Come! it's a great thing to So fora little girl that has never known any trouble. But you are of a good sorb, and you must rise to it for your mother's sake.'3 Look happy 2 that was all she had to do. ' Can't I help Monaley,' she asked. 'I could fetch her what she wants. I conld— go errands for her. Oh, doctor, something a little easier,' cried Bee, clasping her hands, 'just at first!' 'All that's arranged,' he said hastily. ' Come, we must go back to our patient. She will be wondering what lam talking to you about. She will perhaps take fright. No, nothing easier, my poor child — if you can do that you may help me a great deal ; if yon can't, go to bed, my dear, that will be best.' She gave him a look of great scorn, and moved towards her mother's room, leading the VTO.V Mrs. Kingsward was lying with her faoe towards the door watching, in a blaze of excite ment and fever. Her eyes had never been so bright nor ber color so brilliant. SShe was breathing quickly, panting, with her heart very audible to herself, pumping in her ears and almost audible in the room, so evident was it that every pulse was at fever speed. 'What have you been telling Bee, doctor? What have you been telling Bee? what ? f ' When she had begun this phrase it did not seem as if she could stop repeating it again and again. 'I have been telling ber that she may sit with you, my dear lady, on condition of being very quiet, very quiet,' said the doctor. 'It's a great promotion at her age. She has promised to sit very still and- talk very little, and hush her mamma .to sleep. It is you who must be the baby to-night. If you can get a good long quiet sleep it will do you all the good in the world. Yes, you may hold her hand if you like, my dear, and pat it and smooth it — a little gentle mesmerism will do no harm. That, my dear lady, is what I have been telling MIsb Bee.' 'Oh, doctor,' eaid Mra. Kiogsward, 'don't you know she has had great trouble herself, poor child? Poor little Bee ! At her age I was married and happy, and here is she, poor thing, plunged into trouble. Doctor, you know there is a— gentleman ? ' Kirs. Kingsward had raised herself upon her elbow and the panting of her breath filled all the room. . ' Another time— another time you ehall tell me all about it. Bnt I shall take Miss Bee away and consign you to a dark roam and silence if you say another word.' - ? ? ' Oh, don't make my room dark. X like the light. I want my child. - Let me keep her, let me keep her. Who should— comfort her— bnt her mother?' -a» -w^ig&cist.-.--; .-, -' Yes, so loner as you keep quiteqoiet. If you talk I will take her away. Not a word — not a word — till to-morrow.' Inspiteof himself there was a change in the doe'torVi voice as he said that word — or Bee thought so— as if there might never be any to-morrow. The girl felt as if she must cry out, shriek aloud, to relieve her bursting brain, but did nob, overborne by his presence and by the new sense* o~f duty and self-restraint. 'Come now,' he went on, 'I am very kind to let you - have your little girl by you holding your hand — don't you think eo? Go to sleep, both of you. If you're quite, quite quiet you'll both doze, and towards the morning Til look in upon you again. Now, not another word. Good-night, good-night.9' Bee, whose heart was beating almost as strongly as her mother's, heard his measured step withdraw on the soft carpets with a sense of wild despair, as if the last hope was going from her. Her inexperienced imagination had leaped from complete ignorance and calm to the last possibilities of calamity. She had never seen death; and what if that awful presence were to come while she was alone, in capable of any struggle, of giving any help ? She listened to the steps getting fainter in the distance with anguish and terror unspeakable. She clasped her mother's hand tightly without knowing it. That only aid, that only man who could do anything was going away— deserting them— leaving her alone in her. ignorance to stand between her mother and death. Death ! Every pulse sprang np and flattered in mortal terror. Andshe was; nut there to be quiet — ready and steady,- -ne 'had .said — to look happy! Bee kept silent;' kept sitting upon her chair ; kept down her shriek after him . with a superhuman effort. She could do no more. ' ????.-.- .. ' Listen— he's talking to Moualey now,' Eaid; Mrs. King3ward, 'about me; they're always— whispering, about me— telling the symptoms— and how I am. That is the worst 'of nurses ? ' \- 'Mamma! oh. don't talk, don't talk!' cried Bee, though ehe was more comforted than words can tell by the eonnd of her mother's voioa .'Whispering; can't you hear them? about ' temperature— and things. I can bear talking —but whispering. Bee— don't you hear 'em— whis— whispering ? !l 'Oh, mamma,' cried Bee, 'I love to hear you speak ! but don't, don't, .don't, or they'll make me go away.' 'My baby,' said the mother, diverted in her wandering and weakness to a new eubjeot; 'my little thing! He said we were to go to sleep. Put your head there— and I'll sing you, rUsingyou— to sleep— little Bee; little Bee, poor little Bee I' Chapter XVIIL. This night was the eSrangest in Bee Kings ward's life. She had never known whet it was to remain silent and awake mjihedarkjie^and \Ffl!*pitn O* ^fr^'dOJC' room** 'WZHqql ot~ vitstH f - v? *& strange experience iot!& j^l *B& JhoMB .the young spirit its own^weaBSress,^ craving for test and comfortfiBiedijBScuIi^ wLpy^OMning. the instincts' of nature— -with1 eutsi ^ .senae'jpt humiliation as nothing els6;Conldgive,J GouH . you not watch withme on^hourt'^Sheja* lieved that she had lain awake crying s.% nigfy? : when her dream oI-Bippnessliad so Bb3deB3y been broken in upon at Cologne, bnt now,: while she sat byJter^nibther^&^aiae'ansiCBltttle' soft crooning of the song which Mis. Kings ward supposed herself to be singing to put her child to sleep sank into a soft murmur and the poor lady succeeded in hushing herself into a doza by this characteristic method — Bee's head dropped too and hee eyelids closed. Then she woke with. a little shiver to Bee the large figure of Mousley like a ghost by the bed and struggled dumbly back to her senses, only re membering that she must not start nor. cry to disturb Mrs. Kingsward, whose quick breath ' ing filled the room with a sensation of danger aha dismay to which the girl was sensible as soon as. the film of sleep' that had' en veloped her was broken. Mrs. Kingsward's ' head was thrown back on the pillow, now and then a faint note of the lullaby which she had been singing came from the parted lips through which the hot quick breath came so audibly. Now and then she stirred in hex feverish sleep. Mouleey stood indistinguish able with her back to the light, a mass of solid shadow by the bedside. She shook her head. 'Sleep's best,' ehe eaid in the whispet which the ' patient bated. 'Sleep's better than the best of physic.' Bee caught those solid skirts with a sensation of bone to feel them, 60 real and substantial in her hand. She did not care to speak, but lifted her face pale with alarm and trouble to the accustomed nurse. Moulsey shook her head again. It was all the communication that passed between them and it crashed the hope that was begin ning to rise in Bee's mind. She had thought when she heard the doctor go away that death might be coming as soon as his back was turned. She had felt when ber mother fell asleep as if the danger must be past. Now she sank into that second stage of hopelessness when there is no longer any immediate panio, when the un accustomed intelligence 'dimly realises that the sufferer may be better and may live through the night or through many nighto, and yet there ma^ be no real change. Very dim as yet was this consciousness in Bee'a heart, and yet the first dawning of it bowed her down. . In the middle of the night, after hours eo ?long^more like years, when Bee seemed to have .feat there half her life to have become' used to it, to be uncertain about everything outside but only that her mother lay there more ill than words could say— Mrs. Kingsward awoke. She opened her eyes without, any change of position with the babitof a woman who has been long ill, without acknowledging her illness. It was Moulsey who saw a faint reflection of the faint light in the softly opened eyes and detected that little change in the breathing which conies with returning con sciousness. Bee, with her head leant back upon her chair and her eyes closed, was dozing again. ' You must take your cordial, ma'am, now you're awake. You've had such a nice sleep. 'Havel? I thought I was with the chil dren and singing to'baby. Who's this that has my hand — Bee ?' - * 'Mamma,' cried the girl, with a little start, and then, 'Oh, I have waked her, Moulsey, I have waked her.' . . ? 'Is this ber little hand? Poor little Bee ! No, yon have not waked me, love; but why, why i3 the child here?' ' The doctor said she might stay— to send for him if you wanted any thing— andr-and to to satisfy her.' ' To satisfy her, why so, why so? Am I so bad? Did he think I would die— in the night?'' 'No, no, no,' said Moulsey, standing by her patting her shoulder, as if Bhe had been a fretful child. ' What a thing to fancy ! As if 'he'd have sent the child here— for that !' - : 'No,' said the poor lady; ?? he wouldn't have sent the child, would he — not the child — for that— to frighten her? But Bee must go to bed. I'm so much better. Go to bed. Moulsey, poor Moulsey, never tires; she's so good. But you must go to bed.' 'Oh, mother, let me stay. When you sleep I sleep too, and Fm so much happier here.' 'Happier, are you? Well— but there was something wrong. Something had happened. What was it that happened? And your father away! It never does for anything to happen when— my husband is away. I've: grown so Billy. I never know what to do. What was it —that happened, Bee?' , 'There was— nothing,' said Bee, with a sudden chill of despair. She had forgotten everything but the dim bedchamber, the faint light, the quick, quick breathing. And now there came a stab at her poor little heart, _ She scarely knew what it was, but a cut like a knife, going to the very centre of her being. Then there came the doctor's words, as if they were written in light across the darkness of the room— 'Ready and steady.' She said in a stronger voice, 'You have been dreaming. AEAwEO neat? UWUUJUK, rilTTIII ? 1 Mrs. Kingeward, who had raised herselE on her elbow, Bank baok again on her pillowa. ' Yes,' she said, 'I must have been dream- : ing. I thought somebody came — and told vs. Dreams are so strange. People say they're things you've been— thinking of. ?? But I was not thinking of that— the very last thing! Bee, ifs a pity— it's a great pity— when a woman, with so many children, falls into this kind of silly— bad health.' 'Ob, mamma/' was all that poor Bee could 'Oh ! let me alone, Moulsey J I want to talk a little. I've had such a good sleep, you said ; sometimes—I want to talk, and Mousley won't let me— nor your father; and I have it all here,' she said, putting her hand to her heart, 'or here,' laying it over her eyebrows, ' and I never get it out. Let me talk, Moulsey —let me talk.' Bee, leaning forward and Moulsey standing over her by the bedside, there was a pause. Their eyes, accustomed to the faint light, saw her eyes shining from the pillow and the flush of her cheeks against the whiteness of the bed. Then, after a while, there came a little faint laugh, and— 'What was I saying?' Mrs. Kingsward asked. 'You look so big, Moulsey — like the shadows I used to throw on the waU to please the children. You always liked the rabbit best, Bee. Look !' She put up her hands as if to make that familiar play upon the walL ' But, Moulsey, :j she added, 'Is so big. She shuts out all the light, and what is Bee doing here at this hour o? the night ? Moualey, send Miss Bee to bed.'' ?* Oh, mother, let me stay. You were going to tell me something.93 'Miss Bee, you most not make her talk.*' 'How like Moulsey!' said the invalid. * Make me talk ! when I have wanted so much to talk. Bee, it's horrid to go on in this silly ill way when — when one has children to think of. Your father's always good — bat a man often doesn't understand. About you, now — if I had been a little stronger it might have been different. What was it we heard? I don't think it was true what we heard.' ' Oh, mamma, don't think of that now.' 'It ;s so silly always being ill ! and there's nothing really the mailer. Ask the doctor. They all say there's nothing really the matter. Your father— but then he doesn't Trnpw how a woman feels. I feel as if I were sinking, sink ing down through the bed and the floor and everything, away, I don't know where. So silly ! for nothing hurts me— I've no pain— except that I always want more air. If you were to open the window, Moulsey ; and Bee, give me your' hand and hold me fast that I mayn't sink away. It's all quite silly, you know, to think so,'9 she added with again a faint laugh. Bee's eyes sought those of Moulsey with a terrified question in them ; the great shadow only slightly shook its head. 'Do you remember, Bee, the picture— we. saw it in ItaUy and I've got a photograph— where there is a saint lying so sweetly in the air with angelk holding her up? They're flying with her through the blue sky— two at her head and other two— and her mantle so wrapped round her, and she lying, oh so easy, l1TJSVUlg} VUUUKU U1C1CO UUVUlUg UUV WU~O OTU «UU the angels. l)o you remember, Bee ?'' ' Yes, mamma. Oh numimp^ mamma.' 'That's what I should like,' said Mrs. Kingsward; 'it's strange, isn't it? The bed's solid and the house ' is eolid, and Moulsey there she's very solid too, and air isn't solid at ' all. But there never was anybody that lay so easy and looked so safe aa that woman in the air. Their arms must be so soft under her and yet so strong you know, stronger than your father. He's eo kind, but be hurries me some times, and eoft— you're _ soft, Bee, but you're not strong. You ve got a soft little hand, hasn't she, Moulsey? Poor little thing; and to think one doesn't know what she may have to do with it before she is like me.' . 'She'll have no more to do with it, ma'am, than a lady should ; no more than you've had. But you must be quiet, dear lady, and try and , go to sleep.'' ' . ' 'I might never have such a good chance of talking to her again. The middle of the sight and nobody here— her father not even in the house. BeBj you must try never to begin being .ill in any silly way; feeling not strong and that sort of foolish thing ; and say out what you think. Don't be frightened. It's— it's bad for him as well as for you. He gets to think you haven't any opinion. And then all at onoe they find out ? And, perhaps, io's too late ? 1 'Mamma, you're not very ill? Oh, no; you're looking so beautiful, and you talk just as you always did.2' 'She says am I very ill, Moulsey? Poor little Bee ! I feel a great deal better., I had surely a nice sleep. But why should the doctor be here and you made to sit up, you poor little thing ? Moalsey, why is the doctor here?' ' I never said, ma'am, as he was here. He's — coming^ round first thing in the morning. He's anxious because the colonel's away.9' 'Ah! yon think I don't know. I'm not go very bad ; but he thinks— he thinks— perhaps I might die, Bee.' ' Mamma, mamma V . ''Don't be frightened,' said Mrs. Kings ward, drawing the girl close to her. 'That's a secret ; he doesn't think I know. It would be a curious, curious thing when people think you are only 91 to go and die. It would surprise them so. And so strange altogether— instead \- of worries, you know, every day, to be all by ?; yourself lying so easy and the angels carrying you. No trouble at all then to think whether - -he would be pleased — or anything; giving yourself to be carried like that— lite a little child.' ' ???-[ ????????: 'But, mamma,' cried Bee, 'you could not; would not leave us— you wouldn't, would you, mamma?— all the ohildren and me; and I with nobody else— no one to care for me. : YotiS couldn't, mother, leave us ; you wouldn't ! -Bay-'' you wouldn't! Oh Moulsey, Moulssfc look how far away she is looking, as if -she didn't see you and me !' ;?'?-. - 'You forget, Bee,' eaid Mrs. Kingsward, 'how easy it looked for that Bain* in the picture. I always liked to watch the birds ; floating down on the wind, never- moving ; their wings. That's what seems bo* trouble, ' so easy; not- too hot 'nor too cold nor tiring;' neither to the breath nor anything. I shouldn't like- to leave you. Ko — - But then,' she added, with a smile, 'I should not require to-' leave you; I'd— Fd ? J What was I saying? Moulsey, _ will yon please give me some — more ? '' She held out her hand again for the glass which Moulsey had just put down. ' It makes me strong— it makes me speak. Fm — sinking away again, Bee. Hold me — hold me tight. If I was to slip away— down — down — down to the cellars or eomewbere ? ' The feeble laugh was dreadful for the listeners to hear. - 'Run,' cried Moulsey in Bee's ear, 'the doctor — the doctor ! — in the library.' And then there was a strange phantas magoria that seemed to fill the night, one scene melting into another. The doctor rousing from his doze ; his measured step coming back; the little struggle round the bod ; Moulsey giving place to the etill darker Bbadow ; tne glow ol Airs. Kingsward 's flushed and feverish countenaoe between; then the quiet ; and then again eleep, sleep broken by feeble movements, by the quick panting of the breath. 'She'll be easier now,' the doctor said. ' You must go to bed, my dear young lady. Moulsey can manage for the rest of the night.9' ' Doctor,' eaid Bee, with something in her throat that stopped the words, 'doctor— will she— must she? Oh, doctor, say that is not ' what it means ! One of. us, it would not; matter, but mother— mother!' '. 'It is not in our hands.' the doctor said. ' It is not much we can do. Don't look at me as if I were God. It is little, little I can do.' i' They say,' cried poor Bee,19 ' that you can do anything. It is when there is, no dbotbrY no nurse, that people— oh, my mother — my mother! Doctor, .don't'lpli itn.e.''.,.-' -; 'You are but a child/' -saidj.the doctor, patting her kindly .on tha shoulder, ' you're not forgotten how to say your prayers. That's the only thine for you to do. Those that pay such things of doctors know very little. We stand and look on. Say your ptayers, little girl— if they do her no good they'll do you good. And now she'll have a little deep.' Bee caught him by the arm. 'Sleep,' she said . looking at him suspiciously. ' ' Sleep ?' ' Yes, sleep^-that may give her strength for another day. ' Oh, aek no more, child. Life is not mine fcp give.' . . What a night! Out of doors ii was moon light as serene as heaven— the moon departing in- the west and another faint' ligHt that was day coming on the other side, and the first birds beginning to stir in the' branches— but not. even baby, moving in the Loase. All fast asleep, eafe as .& trouble never was, as if death opald not be. Bee went upstairs to her chill ' white room, where the. white bed unoccupied looked to her like death itself— all cold, dreadful, full of sugges tion. . ' Bee's heart was more heavy than could by told. She had nothing to fall hack upon, no secret strength to uphold her. She had forgotten how wretched she had been, but she felt it nevertheless behind the present anguish. Nevertheless she was only nineteen and when she flung herself down to cry upon Jier white piliow-^nly to cry to get her passion out beneficent nature took hold of the girl and made her sleep. She did not wake' for hours. Was it beneficent? for when ehe was roused by theopening of the door and sat np in her bed and found herself still dresBed in ber evening frock, with her little necklace round-her throat, there pressed back upon Bee such a flood of . misery and trouble as she thought did not exist in the world. '. M3sb Bee, Miss Beel MsstexVceBnehoine. He's been travelling all night— and I dare not disturb Mrs. Moulsey in missis's room. And he wants to see you th:s minit, please. Oh, come, come quick, and don't keep the colonel waiting,' the woman said. Half awakened, bnt wholly miserable, Bee sprang up and rushed downstairs to her father. . He came forward to meet her at the door, frowning and pale. ; ' What is this I hear ?' he said. 'What have you been doing to upset .your mother? She was well enongh when I went away. What have yon been doing to your mother ? You children are the plague of our life!' {To he continued.) 