:. MY LITTLE DUIKE. BY E.H. G.. My ra?idfather had ? lees a clergyman in the quiet little, English parish '.where'l was born, and 1, his oly :child, had" reaped the benefit-of -a careful education which he had given me during his sparfe hours. .When, a little.after my twentieth birthdaiy, my father died, leaving his untarnished. name as sole in of determination, must now keep the wolf from the door. My father-hadiriuch, and influential rela tives ; but they were toomnch occupied with the respcnsibilities which wealthl brings to .take to heart the-troubles of their poorer kindred ;'though perhapsI am ungrateful to say this, for it was through' `the intervention of uncle that I gained-the position which assured to me at last th' haippiness f nmy life. ( In Southern Prussia, in the :Dnehy.'?of Beroldstein, the position of nurserygoverness to two-children was vacant-a most desirable -place, th hii'dren being the infant son and daughter of the late Duke of Beroldstein, who had died only six months before. I felt. fairly confident with respect to my proficiency, for at.first my.task would be'only to have the supervision of the noble children and to teach them to speak my English tongue: correctly but I confess that I felt very down-hearted;' as I went on board-the boat-that was to take me to an unknown country. -. ' Your brother need not be uneasy about you-we shall 'land safe enough on the other side,' said the cheery captain, standing near me. I smiled through my tears, '.for the tall, frank-eyed young fellow, who watched .me from the shore, with such-a look of anxious regret on his face, was not umy brother. As Charlie kissed me-he never kissed me on the lips before-and whispered, ' Keep a good heart, Alice, my darling ; we shall meet again when prospects are brighter,' I felt more hopeful than I had for months before, for his words seem to contain in them a cer tainty of fulfilment. Charlie Kent and I had been lovers almost from babyhood ; and, now that childhood had long since passed, I cannot say that our feelings for each other have changed, save to intensify. We were both very poor, but were content enough to wait for better times. Schlosseroldstein. proved to. We a- ?xey stately old mansion, a trifle repellant in its air of antiquity and isolation from the rest of the world. A park extending many miles lay before the castle, and from my windows at the back I had a beautiful view of the Eifel mountains. The grounds at one time nust have been .-laid out and tended with royal care ; but now the statues were broken, andithe- fountains out of repair, and an air of neglect pervaded the avenues and-shrubbery;. The duchess lived in strictest seclusion, on account of her recent bereavement, her only concern being the welfare of her children. My little charges were charming--a twin. brother and sister, and the only surviving children of the family. Roderic, the young heir to the dukedom, was a truly beautiful child, rosy and cherub. like, with a promise of intelligence -in his face which well befitted the high rank, to which he was born. -. Amalie, thelittle gir,. was a quieter, softer copy-of her brother; and'. already the pair were devotedly attachedito each olher. The children were rather more than ayea old when I arrived at Beroldstein-certainly too young to derive much benefit from my presence. Ithoright; but as it was customary in high families,tohave ,the children learn foreign tonguesfrom the cradle. myconscience quieted itself. Very little time elapsed before I found myslf the friend andcoifidant of Fran Bren ner.'housekeeper at the castle. Among other bits :of information, she told me what l rather expected' to hear, that Schloss. Beroldstein. was hliaunted. • . ' Irt is quite the spot for a ghost to choose for widnight wanderings,, I remarked ; and though secretly amused at the olcd:>womian' credulify, I encouraged her b ~y a r ofdeep interest to. tell me more of this sipectral visitant. ' . ' - It was the well- known story.ofa lady in shite .appearing as the silent-herald of -a death in the family. .Three years before, one dark, stormy? night, the sentinel at the gate had seen the White Lady gliding among the trees toward the castle, andI before morn ing the uncle of'the lateo dnuke was stricken. dead with paralysis . Three times.tlihe white apparition was seen during the eek before - his Highnbss DuB e "Albrecht died: ;and, ac cordiing to Frau Brehner, no member of the Von _Berqld.?~n family had: ever- been to hisifatherswithout' the assistance :of the White Lady. At the mention of .her name every- servant -iin the place sh'udder,. - and even the more enlightened members of the household did-not deny her evil nfluence. In fact, I had frequent occasion after this -to wonder a;t the' aieount of supersition .preva lent among even the higher classin this little corner of the-world whither fatel h'd drifted me. --- - Some mouths later I was out in the park with the two children., It w?s. :midiwiniter, and there was snow enough for sledging ;tlie children, clothed from head to foot in soft. white fur' and half buried ina polar-pear robe, were enjoying a ride in their swan shaped sleigh in white. and'silver, with an arch of tinkling bells attached before, in the Russian fashion. While a footman pushed the dainty little vehicle, I walked on one side talking to the children and enjoying their-babyish delight at the glistening frost anid snow. ; Rpderic was brimming over with life. and excitement, anid his restless little hands, mittened in fur, clutched at every low-hang ing icicle and glittering twig, thereby letting in much of the cold breith of winter :on this more composed sister. SAs we went briskly down the avenue,. a lady richly dressed in black velvet and sable _met and stopped.our little cavalcade. I won avenues to a drive in a luxurious carriage with good company. 'I .:must pay my respects to the young duke,' she said pleasantly. She 'took little Roderie'ishand in hers and looked at hin long ian'd inteitly, but not with the expression that his rosy cheOks and bright blue eyes ought to have awakened in the face of a woman - -Her look :was: more as if slie bore the innocetnt li'tlt fellow ;malice, and when he pointed witith?;delight to -the .lions' heads in dead gold which fastened her mantle she drew 'away impatiently= After isling a' few questions, about. .Roderic's .'health and m;ental development, which I was proud to, answer with, glowing praise, she resumed her walk with-a stiff adieato me and nit a word" or'look for little Amalie, who, aidtid' :by her brother, threw most afffctionae: kisdssfrom her mittened fmngeirs after ,the .etreating figure. `' I- felt a sudden, unconquerabl. dislike to this woman, She was tall;, atelyalnd bea-: tiful, in a statuesque, heartless way, but I. knew .there: was no more -tendernessin -her thain there w.s blood in hIeri velvety cream like complexion. .' Who is that lady 4' I asked of th- foot man when she was out of bearing. ' Madame Elizabeth of .Beroldstein, the: wife of the late duke's younger brother'.: She would be duchess now if it were not for this little man '-gently touching Roderic's.curly hair. 'They say her mind is 'sometimies astray, and I believe the gossips are right.' In feature, carriage, and gesture, she was more the high-born dame than was the amiable mother of the two children in my charge, and it seemed afterward to me as if Madame Elizabeth protested silently against the 'fate that had not elevated her to the place: which she would have adorned so well. ` Has Madame Elizabeth any children,'-- f asked.' - '-Yes, two boys;. but, they cannot be Dukes of Beroldstein unless misfortnne over tak.es~ m- young...uaster;,. which"i eaVýe or?i ? bid ! No, Madame Elizabeth cannot become reconciled to the fact that her husband is only the second son.' The dislike I had conceived for the new comer only increased on nearer acquainstance; she had come for. a .visit of some weeks, perhaps months, to the castle, and I noticed without exception the older servants of .the place either spoke i--l 'of her or never mentioned her name. 'She is one of the beautiful demons that one hears about in the stories of my country,' remarked Fran Brennmier, with'a shake of her head. 'But one should not'~judge, her' too harshly :.she lived all. her youth in a lonely part of Russia, with no mother to guide her, and under the influence of a father' . ho was none too `saintly. Shortly after this my attention was? taken up by an event imuch more interestingitbs me than the' intrigiies of -'the Von Beroldstein family. Charlie, my lover..--bless his faith ful heart-- -had, by dint- ofpersistent search, obtained" a :psitioil in: a :bink:st .Trier, a ~tifling disthncii'by rail from~i~B roldstein,'and Fd'installed:'iuself in that town.' .The de lightful knbowledge; of a true' .frlend and protector beinganear at hand ga'id tde world's wonderful brightness for me, and even little A'malie began 'a;rtaby? atitemp? : at repeating the simple hometunes which from sheer lightness of:heart I sang in her ears all day. To see each other again was happiness enough .or Charlie and'me,. and we,found no time during our brief meetings to mourn that the prospect ofour beginning our life to gether was still in the dim 'future. :I had a mosttrustworthy'messeinger for my innocent comniiinications-to Charlie in the person of "ri Alsatian' nurse-girl Lisette by i name who declared i i self" ready and 'anxious to serve ine'by very.meu anin herpw.er. IHer attachment dated from an occasion when I had shielded her from a 'severe reprimand She had carelessly' alloed little Roderic to play with a dogO known to be fierce, and the little feilow- ladd befni itttern just .below the kniee-only a.slight wiond,-but enough per Iaps to cause the girl's dismissal-if discovered. With a little forethought,'l arranged to dress and undress Ro?erie6ifora few ilays, so that the wound would not be noticed, and neither Lisette nor I ever :called attentioni to the thrree little sciars 't on" b:the babyh s ioii d, white leg. Lisaiettpiapai me by accounting most ingeniously, or my brief absences with Oharlie.. Littis Roderic had been slightly ill with some childish malady, and for a few nights I had slept-beside his bed, until, at the urgent request of Madame'Elizabeth, I went to take uudisturbed.reistiimy1 owin room. I won dered at hei.soliciude, for she was usually selfishly indiffeaent with respect to the com 'f--t of others. .Rathe uiivilliifgly I resigned' my cure 'ofRodric to a rosy-faeed country maiden, who.promised faithfully to :keep a vigilant eyeon the young:duke.-.' . - In the early-grey of the foUllowing morning I was awakenedifrom a sound sleep by an nnroar in the house, at the thought of- which I still :shudder. ;Cries and lamentations sounded .friin? the children's apartments, and, rushing to the spot, I saw the duchess on her knees before Roderic's cradle, with a group of frightened servants gathered dnear her, the one who had been left in , charge of the aby moaning piteously, and .calling: on the;nme of the saints, .. her face ghostlike * with terror. . .; , 4n veavep's nai a.i hat is the' matter-T I cried ... ". o?ok '" was all,the duqhess couId&,utter, pointing to a little form moving uneasily- on the pillows. .. :? .. SInstead of. the beautf rr -'`eface, purple and distprted,~with'w l eyes, and limbs rigid with eufferng,-la y 'be forme. n - "When did this happen 1" I asked, with a shaking voice, seizing-with a grip of iron the arm of the nursemaid Lottchen. ' The Lord-forgive me," the girl began, "for the five abort -minutes that 1 dozed.! his young lordship.was sleepiniglike, one of the. blessed angels, or I should not have given way. AsI .opened my -eyes I glaneed -to wards ,the door, when-- the: saints defend ine !-I saw the long -trailing garments and, ghostly. form of the White Lady disappearing in. the.darkness. My voice-was gone with fright,;or L should have: -screamed. As,:the life caire..back to ne,- I looked at the: bed and saw-the nwful- change that had -come over the young master.: Oh, "ranlien, am: to: blame :bean the White Lady stole away, his healh and .beauty in her death kiss 4". S'.The girl-fellutipon her knees in ;i:paroxysnm of igrief, and I could, understand noi more of her.ineoherent exclamations,': :The whole scene was ?s weird and. shock ing that it seemed'as if my senses were leav ing me. Every- possible remedy .had 'been tried for the child, who 'was evidentlj dying, The whole household had: beei aronued, but Madame Elizabeth had not yet :'peared on. the sorrowful-scene.: I irinqurd w',Bere she was, but no one seemed to.kn(iw. Before the physicians,-for whom servants hald been despatched in all directions, could arrive the baby had breathed its last. One could not help a -feeling of relief that his. sufferings were over, and no one seemed to realise fully the grfalt prs the' Ducal House had sustained. The doctors confessed themselves baffled and unable to account-'for the sudden and fatal turn of the child's apparently slight ill ness. The story of the White Lady and her deathly kiss. was firmly believed in by the servants, and, among the more respoi~sible members of the household it seemedt gamin credence. The whole occurrence seemed to me mon strous and impossible, and I half believed it some horrible dream; but there was the dead child before me--a sad reality. Late in the afternoon I had stolen in unknown to everyone and stood before the bed where he lay. As I looked at the quiet, rigid form, the conviction seized me with a strange force that the child was not the heir of Beroldstein -treachery might so easily exist where mis fortune was traced to supernatural influence, The little face, .marked. and drawn as if from a burn, gave no idea of how the child had looked in health. The limbs seemed the same,_ and the light, curling, hair was like *Roderic's; buatstill my eyes were dry, and I could nrot.mourn over-this mysterious ebange iing. something within me rebelled at the mockery of the ducal coronet and rich lace adoriing the deathbed of a poor little stranger. . I told no one my suspicions --I had, alas, no proof--and, to lull my.exocitement, I went out into the gathering darkness, paying little heedi:to the distance -I. walked. -At last, feeling wearp-I was miles .-away from the astle-I was about to:return,.when I saw- a light glimmering from a .cottage window. within a few steps from :where I stood. I was surprised to find a house in that lonely spo?T for I had been told that that portion of the moorlands was too low-lying and barren for human b~ibitation, As the. idea of a short .rest was,.not, unwelcome I lookedi: through' the., thinly-curtained - window, and saw th~t:atall,: dark woman,-bending over a steamiqg: saucpa?? onth~ stove and a little' child in rgged clothes emading. friends with - a shbaggy ,dog:were the only occupants of the room. ,.. ,. , -. : 1 was about to make my:: arrival known when asecond look at -the child, whose face" was turned full towards ,the -window, ~made me pause: suddenly. ,Was I dreaming,: or were those really .little-:Roderic's blue eyes looking up with the frank, open gaze-that I knew lq well-.?' The soft, golden- cuirls had been cut off~ and. the- coarse, rustic .clothes were a good disguise; but ! knew my young charge too well to be deceived. - "- Like a madwoman I :flew :back: over the long, dark road to the Schloss.?: It was not' safe to let my investigation go further alone. I so I seizd:-oh:the first servants I f·oundi - Miax, thei cahman,:an'd th- maid Lisette, Swhbm'olm~Ihad befriended --:?d, giving them a hurried account of what -:I had seen, I led thi~zm back to the-lonely cottage, We . made ur way in uunceremoniously enough; .At the first glance-the room seemed vac~ant, and my heart sank ; - but the next moment we discovered-the baby asleep ipon apillow in a dark corner. The mau gathered up thelittle bundle and bore. it.td the light; the:baby awoke, and looked up'with sleepy, hazy eyes at the.distirber of his rest. Even tbhenI saw no.'look -of -recognition on the servant)'sface. :Oould I be mistaken I The thought was misery. - .But, becoming fully aroused, the 'little child sat up and held out his arms to- me, claiming in baby language an old friend. - :"'It:.isour:yoning master-I have nolon ger any; doubt,'? the -man said, instinctively raising his hat. - "Look for the mark of the dog's bite on I on his knee, to make sure," put in Lisette, trembling w th excitement. I hn'd not-thought of this before, and was thankful for the girl's suggestion., As I ex 'pected, we found the three little prints made by the dog's teeth in the baby's tender flesh. At this additioial proof of my darling's iden tity I fell :upon my knees and, sobbed for pure delight, thanking from the lepth of my heart the mysterious 'Providence.that .had st 6&? ?th~e:woman I had .seen otn iny first visit entered tlhe room, adL.the- look of terror that cam*e over'her fore at seeing us I shall never forget. ' What-who---" she began, confusedly, but Max interrupted her by saying,,coolly- " We have come to relieve you of the care; of this child; he is needed at the castle, where he belongs." -Phtting' the little boy into my willing arms, he whispered a few words to'me to the effect that I was to-go back with all speed, and send two or three men to relieve his guard ovierthe suspicious premises. An hour later the Schloss Beroldstein was the scene'of the greatest excitement. The ;news spread like wildfire throughout the whole neighbourhood that the young duke hadt been restored from the dead. I dressed little Roderic in his own clothes, gave him his toys on the hearthrug, and then brought bhis grief-stricken mother to look at the pretty picture. I shall not attempt to describe'how the hoiuse of mourning was changed into one of rejoicing. A last but striking proof that the young heir had returned was the unfeigned Idelight with which little Amelia welcomed back her brother. The dark woman of the cottage was put under arrest, and with very little hesitation made a statement to the following effect : She, Anna Freitsehler, had come some weeks before from Thuringia to Beroldstein with the lady known as Madame Elizabeth. She bad- brought-with her her little boy, one year old-a pretty child when in health, fair and blue-eyed, but at that time much disfigured by illness. The doctor had said that the child'was; too ill to travel, and that he might die any day ; and she, Anna, had not wished to make the journey, but Madame Elizabeth had given her a large sum of money, with a promise of more if she would bring the child: and she, being a poor widow, had not been able to resist the off r. She was re ui 5:-?-u ? evaTOne a co age *bat Madame Elizabeth would choose for, and to tell no one who she was or whence she came. She did not know for what reason she had been sent for, or what .purpose she was destined to serve; she was only content that the promised money was. paid her at regular intervals. The baby grew. "much worse, and became shocking to look at, with its face like a soarlet mask. One night, when Anna thought it very near its end, Madame Elizabeth, dressed in white, came alone and on foot to the cottage-her second visit there that day. She seemed very much excited, and said Anna mnst let her take the child to the castle, where there was a great physician who might perhaps cure him.. The woman was accustomed to obey, so she wrapped the baby in a blanket and gave him to her. Madame Elizabeth came again that night, very late. still holding something in her arms. " They could not cure your baby-he is dead," she said.; " but I have brought you this little child in his place." And she laid in Anna's arms a little boy not unlike the one she had taken away. Madame'Elizbeth then gave her anastonishinglylarge sum of money, and told her that she was to prepare to go .with the child back to Thuringia as soon as possi. ble, there to rear him as her own, and she made her promise never to tell a soul of the exchange that had been made. Anna had no idea of the great wrong she was doing; she had only blindly obeyed every order of the mistress who had her completely in her power.:. It was proved beyond a ddubt tInt Madame Elizabetb, disguised as " a~ghost," had stolen away the young heir of Beroldstein with 'the 'intent to secure the succession of her son, a crime deserving bitter expiation. But a worse punishment than the law could inflict awaited the. miserable' woman-she became permanenitly insane, and in the asylum, where she was kept in: close confinemerit, it was said that her mental sufferings were ter rible. - For my efforts ia restoring little Roderic tohis ancestral home I received a recognition firom the. duchess which made my union-with Charlie possible, without fear of want in the future.. Echo,' replying to the query,' Why are the ..alls of the Houses of Parliament like Oliver CromwellV says,: with too exact and plain tive a promptitdde, 'All-of- a-crumple.' ' The hardest people on earth for 'an editor to please are those who borrow the paper from some of his regular subscribers. Like cdre like; therefore, if you have ;pains in the limbs, takepains to get rid of them.' DoctorI-:" What . drinking beer again, contrary td my strict orders ' Didn't. 1 tell you every glass was a nail in your cofiflin ' 'I can't give it up, doctor, that's a fact; and so I've been saying to myself, 'What does it riatter when.you're dead and gone if you coffin does look like a hedgehog ' ' A diamond merchant may speak of his goods being of the purist water, but a milk main may riot. :In the unrestrained pleasures of the in tellect, as iii the unrestrained pleasures of the' sense, the heart dries up, the man be. comes cured. 