Tiik services at tho Wevleysn Church wilt be conducted to-morrow by iter, H. Yosog- man. Morning subject : "A gocl begin ning." Evening t " A Victor's Reward." The usual Sunday services will be con- ducted at the Presbyterian Church to-morrow by the Rov. J. Crookston. Tho morning sob- loot will bo, "A Greater thin Solomon Is here," aud that for the evening, " Herod Antipas, and tho ghost of John the Baptist." Tiib Moonlight Football Club held a meeting In tho Oddfollow's Hall on Wednesday night, when thoro was a fair attendance of members. Tho principal business was a discussion of the proposal to hold tlio annual club banquet, and it waa ultimately decided to adjourn the meet ing until noxt Monday night In order to give time for collecting tho unpaid subscriptions, and should these roll in satisfactorily tho banquet will in ail probability use place noxt Saturday night. Tub Toowoomba cadets are eow being ragu- larly dnllod by Bcrgcant-Msjor Price. On Tuesday last at tho North State School there wero 44 boys and one officer (Lieutenant Kennedy) on parade, aud ou Wednesday at the Grammar School 42 cadets and two officers (CaptaiojLeo, and C&dot-oflicer; West) fell in. The boys aro tasking excellent progress in their drill, and wo are certain that when General Owen inspects them bo will sot regret having recommended the formation of a corps in tbfa town. Mr. W. Lovejoy writes, nnder dste Moringandsn, October Clb " Sir,— I deny that tho wheat in this district Is foil of rust ; on tha contrary, tbo crops are belter at pre sent than I havo seen them locking for years, and should this fino weather laol wo hsf! reap tho largest crops over known In this district. Pieaso put my namo at tho bottom of this, as I think this rumour is just to try sod block tho floating of our Company. By ineriieg this you will confer a very great favour, 1 am, Ac., William Lovksoy,"-.— ' Tho inform ation published in our last Issuo was obtain! from what we considered to bo a reliable sourco. Wo aro glad to find that It was incorrect.— El). T.C.j We havo received from Messrs. Prorsn and Co., booksclIorK and stationers, a beautifully got-up work issued by tbo New Booth Wales Education Dcpartmenlcntitled, "Illustrations of types of wool with notes ou their forma tion, qualities, A'o." It forms No. !) of the Technical Education Sorics, and is by Mr, Alfred Ilawkcswortli, wool-expert of Uie Sydney Technological Museum. Itcontafosoo less than 92 beautifully executed coloured illustrations of different wools, in addition to a vast amount of exact information on the ready salo. The monthly parcel of new books at (bo Sohool of Arts Library is now on issuo, and the lost writiogs of the most popular authors aro included. Wo append full titles "About Coyion and Borneo," W. J, Clutterbcok; " Amorclof Lyoneseo," Walter Besant ; "The Doar Neighbours," Max O'itoll; "Drat the Boys," Max O'Kell ; " Disenchanted." 3Ubl Robinson: "Tho Flight of the Shadow/' Goorgo Mscdonsld; "Book of the Micro- scope," Doctor Boalo; " A Modern Ulysses," Joseph Hatton ; "My Geoff," J. 8. Winter; "Roderick Random," T. Smollett; "Htories and Interludes," Bur ry Pain ; " Tom Cringle's Log," M. Scott; "Witch of the Hills," Florenco Warden; "With the lUrristes," Rot. G. R. Gleig; "Tbo Wrecker," R- L. Stevenson; "Review of Reviews"; " Har per's Magazine"; "Tempi® Bar." On Wodnesdsv niubt last tho pudIIs attend- ing tbo North Toowoomba Girls School gave a concert and eutcrtainrncot in tho Royal As sembly Rooms, which passed off very success fully, with perhaps tho exception that the pro gramme was a httie too long. Fart L opened with an action song, " Jlush-a-by-byes," by tbo Infante. Tble was woll staged, the littlo onos being dressed In nestwbitv co.turov ami holding littlo dolls is their arms. Their sing ing was vory correct, aud at Its cooclu»ion they woro loudly applauded. An exhibition of physical drill by a number of little girl followed. In tbie tbo correct time of (ho children was very noticeable, and the way they wont through tho various exorcises r«- Hooted great credit on Hcrgcant-Msjor Prico, their instructor. A oomio recitation, " Sly awful experience with a whistle," wm well rendered by Sites A. Barker. A very pretty aotion song, " Sleigh Bells," sung by the Infant', wasfollowcd by a fairy cantata, "Five o'clock Tea." Part II. was a tnuvical bur- lesqne. " Macbeth." In this the children showed excellent training, and Bite Hirst and her teachers aro to be complimented on (lie creditable manner iu which the little ones played tnolr respective parts, wjiicu woro as follow -—Macbeth, Mies A. Barker ; Macduff, Bliss W. Agar; Bsuquo, Bite L. Wouderiey; Malcolm, Miss A. Stephens; Duncan, Bliss A. Wonderloy; Witches, BHaiex E. Cheesernan, W. Poling, and A. Bain ; Lvly Bfacbeth, BHss L. Flynu : Maid. Bites Bl. Paling; and Ethio pian, Mis JC. MoDonald, Part ill, wo- cludod the programmo, and consisted of a tangliablo sketch ontitlcd "The Coming Woman." In this tho children again illus trated how woll they bad been trained- Tha following is tho cast of characters;— Mr, Csr- bcrry (traveller returned from Chins), Bliss A. Barker : BIr. Wigfall (ioog-»uffcring tosn), Miss L. Wonderloy; Iter Honour Jndgo Wigfoli's wife, Bliss W. Agar; BIr. JJsdreT (assessor of internal revenue), Site L. Vlynn ; Mis Griflin (a strong Winded ;>olStic'isnl, BHm A. Wonderloy ; Bites Victorioo Wigfall (Wig- faU'sduughter), Bites E.Cheoiomsn. Tho piano was kindly lent for the entertainment by Blcrars. Paling and Co. The cntertsinment wa repeated Jatt night to a very fair audi- onco, who seemed to toko great pleasuro iu the spirited efforts of tbo children. Tnr. amount of agricultural produco forwarded from Toowoomba Railway Hlstiou fur (ho month of September, 1892, was ftUft tons. The annual meeting of th'« memters of tli« Piltswortli Jockey Club will bo held at the Court llouic on wcuucsuay nexv ai p.m. Sr. Luke's Church.— The Vicar will preach a courno of scrmoiiH on Sunday mornings, begin ning October 9, on the Reunion of Cbrtetendom- 37Ja Take Ayer's Sorsaparilla to purify rhc blood, invigorate tbo system, excite (Jw liver to a ettou, and reutoro bcuftby tone and vigor to Uio wlmlo physical moclisnism. Quality, not quantity, constitutes tlio value of a nwdicine, A runoative medicine should |kkkii tonic and curative, as well as cathartic, properties. This combination of ingredients may be form d In Aycr's Pills. They Blrengtben and xlimulste the bowels, causing natural action. fib A man named Dantol Csmplxdl, recently f:tn- ployed at tho Alligator Crook meat works, wa run over on tbo railway near Hugbenden on the 27th ult., ond died from the terrible injuries re ceived three days later. Hath for the Children.— The best fdoco to yet the children's Summer Huts is at Bfrs. T.K, Lamb's Millinery Showrooms, IMgson'a Build ings. Tbo low prices, prelly styles, and Urge selection will pieaso ami astenUb- « We arc In receipt of the first number of The Aijc, a new Catholic weekly journal published ut TI.A Iu t'fjL.UI! tilJ/1 tho matter is carefully written and selected. Our young contemporary promises excellently Tho Butter Bonus Bill has been read a second timo in the South Australian AwemWy, It proposes lo spend XJ000 this year ami JZ//n next year. In thn Council on 4»edm-»dy a motion was carried by 10 to 9, censuring the Go vernment for acting with strict neutrality will, reference to tlio Broken Hill strike. Special services will bo delivered hi the Primitive Methodist Church, Raff-street, to morrow, in celebration of the snniroraanr of tlm Sunday School. Tim Iter. T, H. Lswfey will preach in tho morning, and the Itev, J. Lriy/k- ston in tho afternoon at 3. In the evening tlm scrvico will be specially attractive atul the school tAflflior and nunila Will lako Dart. We hare received from Mem. Nicholson fir Co., of Brisbane, tho 29th number of lb« Aus tralian Musical Magazine, The number con- taios songs and duets, and to the latter are attached the names of such inuirjent »,mr/iera as! "Mondelssohti." " Wallace, " "//loror,' "Nicolai," and olht-ro. The p «co fnclmliog postage is one shilling end five pence. Mil John Habkku, Hecrelsry of the Timterfield Bfcal Ciiilling Company, wlw lias been on an extended viait to Queensland, arrived si T'>o>w>omba on Thursday from Brisbane, and yterd»7 pro- cecded to Jondarynn, returning Just night, lie leaves to-day for Wnllangarrs. BIr. JJsrker Is stopping at the Club Hotel. Mu. Lkckie-Foi.i/k.K. professs or of dancing, is now in Toowoomba, at Bfrs. JLrard' sod i« prepared lo enrol pupil for bis claste. Jl lias just closed n very successful roav./i at Brisbane, and received a flattering testimonial from his pupils, which may be '-« at Fating fir Co. a, lie is now prepared to teach pupils In lately invented n«w waltz, which inui become very popular. CONBUMEEH or Wax Vestas must U csrefol to rou that tbey get Bell and Block's only, which aro tho very best iu quality and twenty per cent moro in quantity tlisn the foreigo.miuJe wax vestss. Bell and Block's Plaid Wax Vettas are made only in London, and bare been swarded 19 Prize Medals for excellence of quality. Every box of Bell k Black's Wsx Vestas beara their name and the well-known Itell trade-mark in Red, White, and Blue. Ak for Bell U Black's Wax Vestas, and do not be deceived by the Inferior article; 40 The adjourned bearing of the application of lj, iU/tnetlatd for the erection of an hotel at Nobby cxtno on lot hearing before tho Licensing Board yesterday, and, a it ws outride of the jurivlirttoft of the Toowrawnb. Board, tho appli cant waa referred to Altera, The following Li- cenrin g Jurttces were mi the Bench:— The Folic/i Blagiitrate, and Memra, James Stirling, C. Campbell, are! W. Crawford. Dancin/)/— Bfr. ft, M. f'-ckte-Polteck, Pro- tes on of Dancing, asristed hr itn. Leckio- Pollock, is new peptred to receive pupila at the BfaAo&ie; Hal), Neil-street, Fopifs can bo taught prirately er in clxs. Fin>«hing lessons a tfiecUUly, Apply at Bfrs. Hazard's. Herrlcs- Atred, ojqCrtito Temperance Hall, No fee in advance. A uv/HWittr psrsde of the local Ttefenee Force companlca was held on Thuradsy night. The following were present Rand, II men ; No, 2 Comfssny, I officer 7 men ; A Company, 2 officers, 23 men j K Company, 3 officers, 12 men; KUte Hchool Ca/Iete, 2 officer 4ft boys. The officers on pirado w era Captains Hutchison (in command), Graham, Wilson, and Joseph; Lieutenants Htephen, Brodic, Barlow, Gate, ami Walton, The companies wero exercised in tbo attack formation. We regret to record the death, after a long and painful sickness, of Mr, D, F, T, Jones, tho lesder of the Farlismentary lfanrard Huff, at the age of 02. Bfr, Jone wa ft journalut of bmgan/1 honourable standing, and enjoyed the nqv/t ami esteem of all who knew him. He came to Queensland from Victoria in RV.I, and tor some year edited the Courier. In 1871 he joined tl/e Hanrard Huff, and ten years later, on ill trl'tinm-nl /,f ttr. ftenter I" ftntini'nn«r'r) ucreetlet) to the lex/ierhip. The funeral tool: place yesterday afternoon, and as a mark of ro- ictfieei (tie Home did not sit nntil ft p.m. Ft will be r/rmeff, tarred that the exhibitors of wool in tlm Toowoomh Court of the Brisbane Exhibition gem.rotMly presented the flcnces to tint committee tor sxte, the proceed to go to ward the Drayton ami Toowoomba Agricultural and Ito/rticultural Hoci'elj' funds. These have Since been sold wilb the folfowing results — Msr. IfrelgMm and Iternray, 4 fleeces. 311b.. i'l 2. ; Bfr. Jam s Taylor, ft fleeces, 3filbs., i'l ft, fid. ; Bf cwrs. Gore and Co , ft fleeces, 02tbs,, i"2 3. lid. ; Jf tnnn. King and Hons, 2 fleeces. £1 Js, 3d. The average price obtained for the tolfn IJrn bane waa thus Bjd, per lb., and thetotalrciverlXft 12,6d. All the fleece were tnetitto, with the exception of the two given by Blcstrx. King fit Hon, which were Lincoln, Oh Wednesday evening last a most snccessfn! entertainment wa given to a crowded housn in the OAk7 Creek Hute schno! Iiy the Toowoomba Blinrtrel and Variety Company. Tim arrange ment were made at thf end by Dr. DUck (who afterward heartily thanked the Company for thrir srvicf, ami at the other by Bfosr. Noon and Vet. The Comfany started in Mann's two wAgg/mettes engaged for tho occasion. It U hard to atr whether the andfenco or thn pcr- tnrmera enjoyed llio outing most. The interest was well surtatned tiiroughont, and the music so varied and excellent that it wonld take too much apace to pare it in review. Well doscrvcd praise wa a crtmhd to Bfr. and Bfr. Noon who, assisted by a friend or two, provided an excellent tea fur Out visiter. Mr. Yo rtevuo replied on their 1/chslf, returning thank for their hearty rcceptten, ami teq-e/1 it wnnfd not !«.- tlieir last visit. The proceed, which sh-mld l,o consider able, are to be devoted to church parposes, IVHt'Kctoti H ri-'afcr, of the Bloroton and Darling Downs division, arrived in town on AiwiMtmj wa"' rc"renis/ ntorningiooKOVor hoin Itnixxtor Graham tho charge of tho polico of this district. The men were paraded yester day afternoon at thu b.irraek, and Inspector Htuari expressed himself highly pleasen with tlieir general arq«arsnco. Inanswerloqnesttens, tins tium stater) they had no computet to make and were well «.Uified, Inspector Graham state/ he was highly pleased wills thocondacl of tho men during tho lime ho was in command. Certainly they wero paid by the ptib'ie to aiiist in keei'ingd//wncrirne,and ho wa pleased to say I that in aimost every inxtoncn tho men in tho I TtumfMMha district had succeeded in bringing to I jutticwpenidottf/o had broken tho law of the 1 country. The men wero all very painstaking and always answered to the call of duty. In- oe /.-lor Hluxrt asid|that in taking over tho Dar ling Downs Division, which included such an important station aa Toowoombti, lie felt proud of having audi an excellent f/ody of men nnder him, Inxpscte.r Graham hnd reen 27 year cr- experience should know the conduct of tho men rerving under him, Hub-Inspector Esmond, wlm woubl l/o in ehargo of tho Toowoomba dis trict, woi>\<\ shortly arrive, and ho hoped tho men would still continue to discharge their duty and retain the aame respect and trustworthiness as previously. While he (Inspector Htuart) was in charge they could rely on his giving them every conrideratmn, and hs would no all he could for I their a/lvancement and general happiness, Tha I men were then d(mHMl,and tho Inspector was I sJiowri over the barracks. Aa he went along ho 0ggted a few small alterations and repairs (hat he thought necessary, Ifn was pleased witli the dean way in which everything was kept, tho work reflecting credit on Inapector Graham, Hcrgeant Wright and men alike. The brat ami cheapest photographic enlarge ments are taken by Messrs. A. Lomernnd Co., Rulhren-strcet, Toowoomba, Three cabinets for fire abiding. 4 COO Tnmr. who aro (ond of a really good glss< of rrhoie.aotne English 1/OOf cannot do botlor than call at Tattoriall'a Hotel. A trial solicited, A- C'AhRiwj, proprietor. 5114 