CHAPTER X. Helen Unlet cad felt 11a she made that strange journey i«u<» to Knglund that she was a very wicked woman- H" site ha' thought ahout it at all she would prohahly hme celled herself good till lately. She had always intended to spend a really meritorious life, fulfilling all her oi'iigauom the beat of her ability, to enjoy herself as much ns )>osstl>le, and to die, if she ever contemplated dying at all, i)S firfl®e lulh' ns possible; and to l>e buried sis befitted the soCin position in which it had pleased death to find her. She had, especially during the last week or two of *ier engagement, been thoroughly in love with Laurence linlstend, in a charming and very young woman l manner. She had contemplated being dev oted to 111,11. and making him an excellent wife. Now it was simp 3 ft" at an end. She loved him, that was certain. and Bhe was longing to got back to him, though she count help her thoughts occasionally straying in another direction. ^ felt that the one thing ou earth that would really coinfort 'l(ir :ln would be an unmitigated en- nn u* , [ \nioil of it. She rather hoped thar^^r'^' 'She ,lad , inw.« that would ndmit of his wearing the flonni.1 0lT under ' ,,nll up tins collar against her face, and it wool ,g,°Vercoat! then j atci; -'I"**- "[m:' 'lcsto°ped his head, * Thin8 ,„( /i Honi.'tn ot tlie |>eritKl, in Bpife of l>er *■»,*? »« .,1,1 not in.lulKC in mental fnrases, evon from lierm,.,. i, ' "l"1 ell= «l»t he wo«,d console ^ it vague. She could not bear to think of th„ ' Wos c°ntent 6 manner 'u which he get . . „ distinct vision (.jrcui«s,an she couM fifed; i„.i heen treated. All the same, deep down in li»r «. i -nn.1 <1 isjjippoiiited. She felt that he had not lived upVtT) "'r „f jii-trratt'd heroes lie ought to have followed them up on art 1°", Kditning; have lound them at last, and then there should hn °f H^rihlc interview, lie had taken it all a little too calmly ]je een a , „s vet, managed to hurl even a reproach at'her «r to /ii I'ranlfi <>r to ''low his own brains out, but only to k!i „• a rumour of 11 divorce to be spoken of in an allow » Julian cu»' frank shami would have ncteii differently. He bad be ■ ea s„,imefiilly, but she could not help feeling that !f would have been a glorious lover. She had a j,inn of what life might have been with him-on llvird shiPi for instance, and in perpetual sunshine with ^■mpestshalren perspective of maddening joy and ion-hter. The days they hud spent together were Wu* , 1 ft.-. \a r..—i . |8tl * w — " l,Urnt on her hrain. -She could feel the touch of his jliiii still, and hear the sound of his voice in her lit Ch, J'es. she certainly loved with all her heart, .linrtlv lived to hear him say that he forgave her, Hill, nil" ~ — IV.ill iIt;I She turned her thoughts desperately towards s„,i to feel that for all ^ rest of her >0i,rs she would be safe by bis gile. She would do every - tlljng in the world to nuke him l|JV(' 'RT aSu'n' jj he would only not divorce li'T. He wns strength) and borne, and lf"rt—the background /VH11 and surrounding of her life ; but in the foreground, and in the M„tr* do what she would, there «tood Frank Merreday ; and she was not strong enough to turn aside, and put him wholly away from Iter. She hated herself, Imt that helped her oil no farther. She arrived in Paris quite early in the morning oil Iter backward journey, and drove to the Grand Hotel. It did not feel like a strange place, for bIio had been there already with Merreday, but when she had gone up in the lift to her room on the seventh floor, she felt very much alone, indeed, as she remeniliercd that she was in a big hotel and a foreign land. She threw herself down on the bed, and determined to think things over. She had not been able to do so very clearly in the train. And then she would write to Lai. Heaven only knew where he was, but a letter would surely tind him, even if it was delayed a little. A tele gram would lie no good, for she could not explain much in it, and she felt that the sight of one must be maddening to him. Hut in a letter she could tell him every thing, and beg him to come. She would tell him-oh! if she had not cared for Frank ; or if she could only get him out of her thoughts! llut she would tell Lai all that *as in her heart. She felt that if she con cealed the least little thing she would never le able to go to church and hear the seventh commandment read out again, or remember calmly that it was printed in excellent type iu the middle of her prayer-book. lie should know everything, even though he divorced her for it, or killed her and married a black woman afterwards. Yes, she would tell him that fearful story of guilty love—but not in a letter. She had a vague idea that the confession would take place between her deepest sobs during the unmitigated cry, and he would say nothing ; but, alter a heartrending silence of a moment, would hold her a little closer, to ®how that he never meant to let her go any more; and to make her feel 'hat, after all, though she had been very bad and wicked, neither she nor the seventh commandment were much the worse for it. Perhaps he would love her a little more for all Bhe had done, just as she herself felt that Hiwe «as nothing 011 earth that she could not forgive him, and that any ricked thing lie might do would only make her Jove him more. And then ; the fell asleep, like the worn-out little soul she was, and had a few hours Messed forgetfulness. She awoke with a start, and Btared at the blue-and-drah curtains of the with astonishment. Then, remembering where she was, sprang up, "ig the bell, and ordered some coffee. She had not courage enough to *alk into an eating- room by herself. Then Bhe sat down to count her •noney, and found that she had forty pounds left of the sum her father had fh'fn her, in a neat little pocket-book, on her wedding day. These little Preliminaries over, she ventured down to the reading-room, in which Bhe 'wd awaited Frank a fortnight ago, and, retiring to the screened-off Portion at the far end, sat down to pour out her heart and soul to her <»is!>and She explained it all as well as she could, hut she that ,f toely, though as she wrote she loved lnm more an . ^jecrap|, to 0,1 eeding it he sent her, as Bhe begged, one l»tt e «<j ' ^ |>eftr> At that he was coming, it would be greater joy ta deserted ««t the letter was dropped into the box. and she returned to the desert^ writing corner again, but only to sit down on the so a >e phlto1)ic Palms where so many people go for semi-secluded faster till Lai flirtation. She wished^could turn the world round a >nd her letter met, and he hurried to the telegraph o ce astonish reat- And while she was thinking thi6 someone sat in stood Mrs ^VMrs.llalsteadr She looked up with a cry of fear. Thcrestood* ^revives. , w nf see "My deur Mrs. Halstead, I should as soon hate 1 . JIclen jog my own ghost." Her attitude was doubtful; > ' Mr. Merreday is here, I suppose t' Mrs. Ives saw tfl^ing per swollen with crying. " Let ub go away and talk, dear, j. {p picting hand; "and don't be afraid of me. I have not 6°™^ uP stones to throw at other women. Where is Fran I don't know," Helen said, chokingly. „ Ives thought. The young demon can't have left her alrea >, ' «,0mngonthe "Come to my room," she said, gently. - Percy ^T„Bted boulevard, and won't be back for an hour. 1 ou look as Almost without knowing it, Helen found herself 001 of Mrs. Ives's bed, relating her story. Her listener ^ innked other eau de Cologne; " for i 1 should have laughed out" „o0)i ff ve foot six . " Yon poor little thing 1" she Bald aloud. 8epftrate ways on a ■nclvea; but adjectives and their meaning . tag008e you were 1 H° woman's tongue. " That hoy is a demon ; but wh r who could ®°ttld think your husband such an idiot t 1 i t ^ie >Torth Po i his wife in that cool fashion would deserve to live with only n beur to keep him company. I can't think how you could go I on." " Hut I didn't know," said Helen. " I'd never been on a honeymoon be- ] fore, and Frank was his cousin." " ltless you!" she laughed. " If Mr. Halstead isn'tan idiot, he'll love you Ordered Breakfast to Be Brought.—Chap. VIII. all the more for your innocence. But a man I doesn't usually send his cousin to do his his | honeymooning for him. In fact, this is the I only case in which I ever heard of its being done by proxy." " Oh, don't laugh!" ' " I won't; but it is absurd, dear ; though, like many ridiculous things, it'snotso funny as it sounds. It set everyone in London talking, and made Mr. Halstead look such a fool: it was a joke at every club in town when we came away. I don't wonder he bolted." " Bolted ! Ifas he bolted?" " Yes, indeed. First of ail, he searched all round Paris for you, put the police on, I believe; that would account for your not being found and for the whole thing being in the papers. He came back, I hear—we have been away from the day after your wedding, so I only speak from hearsay shut up his house, 6old his horses, and went abroad for a couple of years." "A couple of years! Then he won't get my letter," Helen exclaimed, in despair and consternation. " Where has he gone ?" "To the Rocky Mountains, I should say ; they appear to be the senti mental cemetery to which men hurry to bury their various woes. Depend upon it he will return in excellent spirits to inherit the benefit of his experi ences. He will be quite surprised to find you awaiting him." " Mrs. Ives," said Helen, standing up and walking across the room with her head erect, " if Lai lives two years thinking I have run away with another man I'll never speak to him again. I'm angry with him now some times." " Quite right, dear; and you look splendid when you blaze." Helen She Stooped and Kibsed Him.—Chap. VIII. thought of Frank's remark two nights before. '' Remember, he is in a trying position. Imagine a bride bolting on her wedding day I" " I'll neversee him again. That is the kindest thing I can do for him." " Nonsense. It muBt simply beset right. I shall make a point of going everywhere, and saying it is all a mistake, and a wicked story invented to prevent lnm from being returned at the next election. Of course, we must telegraph all over the earth for him now; and when he contemplates an other honeymoon, I should say he will take a policeman at his elbow, and another at his wife's." " I am beginning to feel that I can never see him again." Mrs, Ives looked at her curiously. Then she put her arms round Helen's neck and kissed her. " TeU me something quite truly, dear," she said gently. " Have you grown fond of Frank?" The hot blood rushed to Helen's face. "No," she said, and her heart sank. Some lies are surely rejected l»y hell iu return for the good resolu tions it filches to make into paving-stones. " But I don't feel that I can go back." " Then you'll have to go on the stage ; it's the feminine equivalent for the ltocky Mountains ; but the return journey takes longer, and is more diffi cult. What are you going to do immediately ? " " I shall go home to my father," Helen said, doubtfully. " I shall go to-day." " That is wise. Percy shall take you as tar as Calais, and directly I am back—we are only going to stay here-a week—1 will go and see you." The next evening Helen found herself at Charing Cross. It was half-past seven when she arrived, and broad daylight. She was afraid to drive up to her father's house. She determined to sit quietly in the waiting-room for an hour, till the twilight came—men and women are under so many obligations to the twilight—then to take a cab to the corner of Hyde-park Gate, and walk quietly on to the house. She was afraid to arrive too ostentatiously, for she was uncertain of her reception. Her stepmother had always been kind, but she knew that she had strong opinions about many things, especially of morality and the attitude that those in authority of any sort should take up concerning it. The servant who opened the door was dismayed. " I mustn't let you in, ma'am." he said firmly but respectfully. She looked up aghast. " They are Mrs. Lambert's orders," he said, coming forward and speaking in a low confidential voice. " She came down and give them directly after Mr. Lambert's death." A little cry escaped her lips. " After Mr. Lambert s death ! Is my dear father dead, Williams ?" " Yes, ma'am ; didn't you know? ne died three days after you went off with—Mr. Merreday." Helen was too miserable and too proud to contradict any thing. "Which he never heard of," Williams went on, as if divining her thoughts. Mr. Halstead kept it dark. For the first week none ot us knew, not till it was in the papers," he added. " He didn't hear? You are sure my father didn't hear ?" " No, ma'am! Not a w ord." "Thank God !" she said, holding on to the railings for support. "He was taken ill the night of the wedding, and went off quite quiet on the Saturday," the man went on. "You was telegraphed for, but no answer was had, and then Mrs. Lambert come down when it was in the papers, and told us all if you come we was not to let you in, and to say that the door was closed against you on account of what—you had done, ma'am." He said the last words as if they were a painful duty. " But it's all a mistake, Williams." " I'm glad to hear that, ma'am," he said, rather incredulously ; " but I couldn't let you in without orders ; and Mrs. Lambert is away now ; they all went out of town directly after the funeral. Shall I call a cab or any thing for you, ma'am ?" he asked civilly. " No, thank you," she answered, and slowly walked away. She went a few yards along the main road ; then, fearing lest she should be seen by anyone who knew her, and with a desperate longing to be still, she slipped through the as yet open gate of Kensington-gardens, and hurried towards the trees. She fonnd a seat beneath them, and crouched down, stunned by the news she had just heard. It occurred to her in a dreamy way that perhaps by an accident she might be shut in, and then she could stay there all night. That was what she would best like to do—four walls and a ceiling would suffocate her. She wanted to cry her life out. She wanted to grieve for her father, to realise that she would never, never see him. more, and to think of her husband, though her heart was growing cold towards him ; and, right or wrong, Frank Merreday would come into her thoughts, with his loving voice and compassionate eyes. She knew that if he could only see her now he would go on his knees and entreat her forgiveness again and again, and be thoroughly miserable all his life, and love her. She felt, somehow, that no one in all the world could love as he loved, though his love could never be given to her, and she must deliberately chase him out of her thoughts. 