?COP FrIeGnIT.1 Ferrbrook's Double, \--*---4¢---- A Romance of Maoriland. By Atha Westbury. CHAPTER IV.-(Co.?rIxuEn). While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are preparing for honest Philip 3Massinger's masterpiece, let me take up the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. Tihe world was younger and brighter for Victorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birth day, a birthday at which there had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave's cottage, on the cliff overlook ing the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower,and as poor as Job. He is a man who has seen much life. He has fought forDon Carlos, and derives his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London have in turn been his home. lie has spent someo portion of his days in South America, and is not unremembered in Mexico. But at sixty-seven he has had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wander ngs anrd relate Ihis adventures while lie reposes at ease by his hearth ; pleasanter still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants. and who makes a sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage, at Parnell, is the pink of neatness; very small, but seeming so milch the snugger for its snmallness, daintily furnished with the relies of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occaion served. Victorine is one of thosiue active spirits who rise early. Site gives her mornings to household dnties, and Ilits about light of foot, with gloved ihands, andt broad linen apron. The nrljor, althougih a soldier of for. tune, his ever been an honest lman. It is his boast that lie has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet rnid his way ; that no tailor remem bers. hIim with a pan;; that no time- yel. lowed page in a fashionable bootmaker's ledger records his dishonor. In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widens his narrow income, he has more pride in his achievements than in the re umneration. Tile daughter is not so well sati,tied with her surroundings. She has lived inl this seaboard of Auckland for more than ten years, but she has dinm recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in her memory like a dream in the "Arabian Nights." To be rich and powerful, that is the acme of her amtbition. Sihe asks her father wonderingly, "How he can exist in this dull antipodes afterhis experience of brighter worlds." The girl kr.ows that with even less op. portunities, she is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings better, plays more brilliantly, has a more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and more skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorrine's pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful winning ways, her cleverness, and general good management. Site lives in an atmosphere of praise ; rises every mwrning to be ad mired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are tile major's nearest and dearest friends. Motler and von are as fond of Victorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in thie sum mer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff, above the noble bay, and here have watched the ships glide to and fro, like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major llargrave is at his best as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so embued his Sdaughter with a love of the great drama tist, that the girl has a veritable passion for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen Katherine, Rosaline, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Unlder the major's tuition Victorine has grown into a superb elocutionist. By the winter's fire, while her father smoked his pipe, she has spouted the whole Shake sperian round. He teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly on a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant passion. He remembers the great Siddons, how her awful whisper went through tihe gloom of the theatre, as if mockling the evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again and again to describe tihe wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic torine's senior, and is fighting an uphill fight for a place in the worldl of letters. What little time he can spare from his work is devoted to Major Iargravc's daughter, for the poor penniless scribe almost worships her. It is the one gleam of sunshine oni his drudging life to read Shakespearo with her, or to play RIomeo to her Juliet. There is just senough irs her unlikeness to all other women to satchl the fancy of the dreramiig en thusiast, who is as deeply smittnn with the only true, absorbing, unchilangiig. eternal passion as a young man of twenty two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on the sea wall, Alton tells Major Ilargrave's daughter Iris love. Alao! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hanlds resting on hIis shoulder, eyes looking into hIis, words coming swiftly, and with sois borne along the eloquent voice, she tells him, that if shIe corld love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget her terrible struggles with grim want, and resign her hope of unbounded wealrl and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream ef her lifo to becorme rich and powerfal to emerge out of thie slough of despond, poverty, into the clearer liglht that is born of affluence. 7'f Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strives only as earnest men strive thlen lovedies n ad ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine Har grave is married. Amid tile fever of Parliamlnentary de bate, and tile strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begun to agitate even those remote colonists, Alton Lynd hurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like somlle rickety temlp!e of frailest masonry, he had emerged again from his wanderings to thIe light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him ; hard, stern, unflinclling work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption. had brought forth a latent power, till then slumbering. and the result was fame. Victorine HalIrgravo had tihe gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas mluch as she wedded one of the largest land owners in tlhe colony. In the ab. sence of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abundance of money. Moniey, that we poor dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. Tihe fetish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ah, me. If Mrs. Victorirre Gayland was not thorougllly satisfied and happy in her married life, it wals, perchance, because she was a woman, and not tile fault of her lord and master, who gratified every whim, every doairo of her heart, so far as ready cash could accomplish it. IMrs. Victorine Gayland went to Elig land, and was absent but two years, when site returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beaultiful, accomplishled and wealthy, Victorine Gayland becaule the fashion alld the rage amongst the uIpper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives al the squatters and bankers who had hitherto shrugged their fairsishoulders at MIsijor Hargrave's penniless daughter, were delighted with the brilliant, cap tivating, rich young widow. Tiose who had passed tier coldly by heretofore were glad at a nod of recognition fromi the queen, whlos word was tinal. Shite has thought of Alton Lyndhurst be tittes in those two years of her married tile. C.anp.srisols have jarred upon the sensitive cords of her nature whlen she has pitted him in imagination against this In'aleu- getter who calls tier wif'. Sihe has thought of hint very often inll her solitary widowhood, wonde:ing why rhe does not come; thinking hinl unlkind and cruel for withholding his notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. Site is amongst tile first'to read that book which lifts his name at one Iound r into notoriety. Oh, how every page t preaclles to herof the days that are gone, of those unforgottern days, when ire was hiers, lying at her teet in the late autumn i twilighto, with ithe broad full moorn shu.ingt upon tile sea. lHe has laid his own heart upon the dissecting table, anatom:ised its every pulse. She knows rnow how utterly 1 thlat heart was hers; how torn and tewoundtidI by ter desertion. She colies face to face with himn once mnore in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day conies back to her. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, str.anger fire, and shie knows that she loves Alton l.yndhlurst better, purer, than of old, and rmust so love Ilim to the et:d of life. One day at a garden party, given by I tihe tpopular member for West Auckland, Abron and Victorine mreet again. The belle of fashion and tile rising author are botl changed ; both are accomplished in the polite art of self-repression. She greets him with graceful tranquility, lie with gracious candour. They talk of the old cotta.e iby the sea wa:ls of tile dear ( dead father. From that time the idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there is no word of love ibe tween theml. Tettuts oarii; crelrl. Cast thy mnagic wand aside, 0, Hermes. Lift the curtain again on the group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. Tile theme is still mInen and books. Colonel de Rlral is one of the latter party. Watch hilm as he sits with quiet mien listening to the talker. Tlere is one huinge sneer stamped fromn brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears like a benign smile upon I.it lace. "I often wonder," remarks Fenton Grey, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter at the lRock, "i often wonder that among so nlany books written for this age. there are so few that seem calculated to make people better." "My dear sir. goodness, from an resthetic point of view, is thie reverse of inoteresting," r.joins the cololnel. hlandly. "Yet, Gold-mith has ventured to drepict characters that are almost fiatl'less," an swers Lynddlurst. Tile crllncl slhrugs his shoulders. STrue," hie srys; bhut Gidamlithr was a hiumorist, and could afFrd to paint vrrtue. Hurmor removes the insipidity of hcnerwtlence with hIis hlcroes. Faust is not good, and lngo is sifiply execrable ; but whrere can you match these for in terest." Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tentionr at tile egeaker that hIe has done hitherto. "Then you deny tllat there can be any irterest ir the kind of readiing whici may tind to raise tire whole toteo o;f one's being " hIe asks. " For my part I love Ternnyson. One cannot read tlrn without feeling better and braver." "Nay, viritu" is so sitnple a lnatter, that it iaffords few Olppilrtutities for art," responds de Itlal, in thresamorrquiet tone. "Vce anrd crime aret many-sided, and offer irfinite scope for thire literary cnaste mist. One Cleopatra, lri.,htty and falleI, is worth all thie cold perfection of your modern heroine." Thie stage bell rings as Alton is ahiout to reply, iand that puts an end to all further controversy. Thous, whlr to taike part in the performance haste away to dress, and tile fiddles bhgir to'tune for the over ture. The most difficult part has fallen'upon the mantle of the colonel; but "Sir Giles Orereachi|Is him a if he had made it a life.ling tudy. Lady Allworth finds a worthy ipresentative in Mrs. Victorino Gayland. The rich widow is an artist of the fir' order, as well as a woman of fashion. Nine o'clock p.:.-Scttlo yourselves comfortably in yor seats. "A New Way to Play Oi Dbts." A play by Philip Missinger, *ritten two hundred and twenty years ap. Such a piece is i:'st the thling for a drawing-room like! this one. And the costumes, so far as the Iadies are con cerned, are simply rrfect. Up with the curtan. A room in Lady Al!worth'e house. iBoudoirs, blue and gold, brocade and sitin wood. The walls are painted white carved garlands of flowers and fruit ad.rn the panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue dell and rare old p:rcelain. Grim Fernhrookhlas been ransacked to furnish this scene Ten o'clock.--The applause is loud and long. Hilton Fernbrook, who has been lounging about mnoody and silent, goes behind the scenes. "Ah, stan cher, how are you ?" cries the colonel. "'Accept my congratulations," replies the young man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. "You are winning golden opinions, sir." Colonel de loal leads him asidc. "My San. If some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our 'nidot, and raise the roofs off these people's brains. as Asmeodeus lifted the roofs of the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering." Close by the wing opp,"sit,, stand Mrs. Gaylanld and Alton Lyindhurst. " This night will make you famot:s,"he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for a mimrnt, then rephlies thol?htfully : " If one did not seek to witn famein there would be no such thing as greasnt-s." "The most lasting fame has beeni won by goodness rather than talent," he on swers, coldly, and uones away. Tie close of the entertainment is very ibrilliant, and merges at lenIth into a hall, when polkas and country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. 