CHAPTRIi V. COr.ONHI. HE UflAI.. Thu ball which followed clo3u upon tho heels of tho dramatic entertainment, was at its height. From tho half! circular gallery above tho gay throng, it soomed that tho play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scones hero toforo wore merged into the picturo, and added tono and color to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above tho balustraded stairway, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel do ltoal passed onward with measured tread to tho suite of rooms beyond assigned to his uso. Ho had not changed ono jot of his costumo as Sir Giles Overreach, excopt tho honvy wig. Ho entered his room, took a wot spongo, and carofully removed all tracos of tho dark linos which had boon streaked upon hia faco by tho costumiers, who had given it the hard, storu aspect of tho groody, money-grubbing hero of Massin ger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, tho Colonel stood boforo tho huge mirror and complacently stroked his largo moustacho reflectively for some considerable time-. At tho further end of tho apartment thoro was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers' colors still adhered to it, proving that it hud been a groat travollor in its day. Whatever might havo been tho subject of Colonel do ltoal's cogitations, they ovi dontlyhad some connecting link with tho valise, for, his thinking fit ended, ho pro duced a koy, unlocked tho receptacle, and took thorefrom soino documents, together part of an old nowspaper. Those ho thrust into his doublet. As ho was about to closo the trunk a second thought scorned to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. ' Gnston do l!oal, you havo existed in this beautiful world till you aro old and grey, but your trust in human nature has not boon improved by timo mint itwl. Trust no one is a good maxim. Tho great est military genius of any timo trusted his friend JSrulus, mid lirulus uiurdorod Csu3ar. Humph 1 rest thero my Friond till wanted,' ho continued in a muttered tone. 'When ono has to play with a skilled gamester it is well to have more than ono trump card to hand.' With the same measured, soldierly tread, which appeared part and parcel of tho man, ho went out along thu corridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had takon possession of tho grand stnircaso to kiss and flirt, and as cuudiuga Hiuall Ilight of stairs branching therefrom, eiitorod a chamber situated al most at tho upox end of the building. Tho apartment was a sort of rntroat or sniokini! room used by Hilton Ferubrook, and on that account was hold strictly privatu from nil intrusion by that gauUe mau's guo.iti. Nevertheless, tho Colonel marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fornbrook was soatod, conning a rough chart spread out on a tablo bo ford him, while Timothy Sharps, his man, introduced in tho first chaptor of this history as tho Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, ns if for a long journey. The latter personuga was evidently dis turbed at tho night of tho intruder, but Fernbrook roso quiutly and bade his visitor welcome. 'Wo will defer your departure, Sharpe, until tho morning,' ho Biiid, folding up tho map and placing -l in nn iron box, which ho locked. ' Now go.' 11 Pray, don't lot mo disturb you, my dear Fernbrook,' began the Colonel, 'Bu seated, sir. Tho business is of littlo importance,' rojoinod Hilton, draw ing an oasy ohair towards tho lira. 'Good night, Slmrpo. Closo tho door.' Tho Porrot bowod nud rotirod, but not through tho door which do Itnsl had en tered. Ho drow asido a thick ourtnin which divided tho room from a do9» re cess filled with useless guns, fishing tackle, &c;, and made ilia exit through n low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visitor sat in silence for several minutes after the departure, of fcho Ferret. 'My son, I feel inquisitive to-night,' said the Colonel in his blandest tono after a long pause. ' I'm afr.rid I have an noyed you by earning liero unexpected iy.' ' Not at all. Colonel da Roal is quite at liberty to go where, he pleases here at Fernbrook. But what aro your de sires V' ' What is behinrtUhat screen?' 'Nothing but old lumber accumulated, the Lord knows when or how.' ' And tho doorway ??there is in tho re cess ?' ' It leads to a passatgn opening to tho stables below, that's all.' 'Humph! This is but ft poor, unat tractive apartment, uunn rher, with so ninny at your command, and vory much superior in tho way of tumbollialunonts.' Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in tho faco of liis-cnni|)suaion. ''This room suits me,,' he responded slowly. 'Hero I am secure from in trusion. Como sir,' ha added moro quickly, ' you havo not sought me in my don to ask silly quo_srtining at two o'clock in tho morning.' ' No, my son, cerfainHy not. By tho bye, aro you certain thafc we are free from intrusion 2' 'As free as if wo waru out yonder on tho ocoan.' ' 3ood ! cried the ?Colonel in his usual smooth voico. ''Aftermll I have not ccmo to toll of ghosts and goblins, and of' mur ders dono at midnight. Neither have I any secrets of churcluor state to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my solo errand is to show you it paragraph in an old nowspaper, which may possibly intorost you.' 'Thank you. What nowspaper is it V' 'The ' Sydney Morning Uorald,' boar ing date of l.'ith March, IS ? ,' replied the Colonel. ' Twelve months ago.' ' E.xaetly.' 'Tho news is certainly stale.' 'But perhaps none tho less interesting for all that. Some kind of information, liko old wine, is all tho bettor for being old. Shall I road tho paragraph ?' ' Do so.' Do Roal drew his chair nearer to the tablo, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold oyo glass with duo caro and nicety, ho pulled forth tho paper from his doublet and began to road . Hilton Fornbrook lookod at his com panion with a smile, but it was the cold habitual smile. of tho practical man of tho world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and tho brow frowned over Uio eyes liko an over hanging thunder cloud. ' It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck soon by tho ship IJur/iiiM C'dntle, on voyngo to Now Zon land, was none other than tho schooner 'Sungull,' which disappeared so mysteri ously from this port some months ago. It will bo remembered that tho Captain of tho 'Soagul' ongagod a crow of six men far a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On tho way tho crow mutinied, and put tho Skipper ashore on a small island within a day's Kail of ] lauti, and thero loft him to his fato. By a pure chanco Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board tho S.S. Sloyiitbirtt a month afterwards, and brought on to Sydney moro dead than nlivo after terrible nuH'oring.' Tho reador paused, an.l looking at his companion, said — ' My son, what do you think of it ?' Hilton Fornbrook shrugged his broad should era. 'Think of what, Colonel? What in terest can 1 have in the doings of such wrotchos ?' ' Morely for study, dear boy. 1 know you are fond nf describing the motive power which moves the criminal class. Hoar this — ' It is known that ono of tho mutinous crow engaged by Captain Howls of tho 'Seagull' was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mauprat, an cscapoo from Portland Prison, Eng land.' ' Humor hath it that this convict ia well educated and of good birth, his father being no less a personage than M. Augiisto do Mauprut, Consul at Port Royal, ami hi.s inuthur Horlh Piorpoint, n, Creole of good family in .lamaicn, West Indies. lie was sentence! to seven years' penal servitude for killing a British ofiicor in soiiii' gambling brawl, and has, so far, managed to elude recapture. His also beliovod thas another of tho crew was formerly Mau prat's man or valet, and who, under the imui tlr /ilimn' of tho ' Por rot1 wis known to tho continental polico ns the most brilliant card-sharper of the day.' Description of the escapeoa : — 'Mauprat — nge about 127. tall and gen tlemanly ; carriage, military ; com plexion, very dark, but clour ; head, long; hair, black and curly ; forehead, high ; black piorcing eyes, well cut noso nnd mouth ; frame, strongly built ; hands and foot small. Mauprat has n peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should easily lead to the detection of this dan gerous criminal.' ' Duos this picturo remind you of nny ono you lire acquainted with, my duar Fernbrook ?' asks tho Colonel, taking hia glim from his oyo. ' Why should it, Colonel do Tlonl V' ' Oblige mo by looking in yonder mir ror whilo 1 rend this description of tho escaped ooiit'ict, Victor Maupral,' soya tho Colonel, blandly. ' Pshaw 1 My donr air,' criod tho young man with a sharp laugh, ' your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself nt my expense if it so pleases you, but pray solect a moro fitting model for my liko noss.' Thu Colonel fixed his glass and lookod at him with a cold ataro of surprise, whioh had in it n uubllo touch of satntiio humour, which might havo robbed an ordinary individual of his solfpoascs sion. — To be Continued. F to 4 