The rcccat 6|-cll of liot weather, which [ with the aid of e little rain has pro- ^ dnccd a humid state of the atmosphere, has accclcrated the derelopment of typhoid germs, and the consequent spread of the disease in the colony. A cold spell breaks up the constitutions of the troublesome little microbes and they retire into prirate life, rendered in capable for the time being of working mischief with the. genus homo . Simi larly a spell of hot north winds h&B; a baneful influence upon them. . The average Victprian may call it 'bracing*' but the poor little microbe curls him self up, shrinks, and pines 'away. He wasn't made for such a climate, and the ! hot winds playing among the hills and I vales of the human body, makes a veri table Black ^Thursday for the tiny | microbe, who driven from the shelter of the hairy glades; finding in . iiis .misery that all the succulent .pores of the skin are dried up, realizing that the blood current - is coursing ;too: freely find strongly, for him, hippopotami-like, to .bask on its banks, yields up the ghost. 'But it is when tlie rain comes in a few gentle showers, and .bathes the earth in steamy; vapor that the microbe comes out in all his might. We do not blame him. The probability^ :that he has a sweetheart, or, he .may bo a married microbe^ with a large family to provide for, ' ere the sun goes down.' ; We know so . little in fact of the domestic and social and political history of the microbe, that we do not realise that' what is a typhoid .season to us, is possibly, a harvest time for him; or that when fever rages in our veins that it may be but the microbe holding a general election, or developing a .minis terial -criges. However, romantic A8;may bo lhe personal histoiy of the microbe, it is necessary that the fyoman race should make war upon him, and c--mbftl his, efforts. The doctrine of J,the «urviral of the fittest ' demands that the black* feliow'Jand ^ite microbe sliould perisV out oE-thc iand,-and that tho white-; feUow^ahould reigu safe from attack irptii%ith6ht jor within Ills pale skin. ? ^iie^netropolitan area has been com jiaratiTCiy free during the past two ye?J8 from typhoid, but,-s we remarked ^. tlbe commencement i)f thi6 article, 4liere has been a development in conse quence of the re cent weather. And this leadn us to emphasiso the nocessity of -using disinfectants, and employing all reasonable means to keep the disease in ?check. Prcrcution is a long way better thau euro, and as many people get ill from scare, pure and simple, if noj disease Is about, it iswell'to avoid even the appearance of an epidemic. Tlie Praliran council^ has grasped ihe problem more determinedly than any. other -municipality. It has provided a I double-sealed pan system, which, pend i ing the sewerage of the city, is giving I every satisfaction. But beyond that it has made a regulation imposiug upon householders the duty of using disin fectants daily. There arc plenty of these available in a cheap form, such as chloride of lime, Quibcll's disin fectants, Condy's fluid (which may be. manufactured by any person ut a very cbeap rate), and others well-known by name. Tho arrant stupidity of the ' De partment of Public Health ' — one of those bureaucracies which dominate the present as tbc past Health Boards- 1 coupled with the maudlin law making | of leisure loving legislators, has done | as much as anything to bring about the ; scares of the past in Melbourne. These j gentry who yelp ** typhoid typhoid ! ! ' j from years end to years end are of the j same kidney as the man who yells out j 'fire' in a thcatro when someone strikes a match to look for an article I dropped upon the floor. JS'o thoughtful I man can say otherwise than that we 1 have many preventable diseases amongst us, but there would have been ! no necessity for any public alarm had i not the Legislature elevated every case of cold into one of typhoid fever, while | one hardly dare sneeze in these days i without the board of health calling for a report from the health officer on the i exact nature of the sneeze — whether it was an inherited sneeze or acclimatised, and whether it owed its origin to riding in a railway train with a broken I window pane, or sitting out on the I front verandah with one's best girl until midnight; while the Board further prescribes the kind of mcdicatcd handkerchief which one may sneeze into. - The Health Board for instance has of late been trying to work up a scare in Prahran. It reported that 31 cases of typhoid had taken place during two months in the city, and it wanted to know — Why ? The answer was a very simple one. There had not been 31 cases of typhoid, but Parliament and the Board had united in elevating every case of illness in which there was a trace of fever into typhoid. Dr. Fether ston, the health officer, reports as follows : — ' Prior to the rcccipt of names and addresses of such cases I was under the impression that the city had never been during tho summer months bo free from sickness of any kind. In that opinion I ain borne out by my medical friends practising in the city. I have most c&refully; gone through the list and compared the eases set out with notification forms sent by medical attendants, also with certificate giving cause of death where such oocured. I find that ten of those reported as typhoid were infants whose ages varied from two to twelve months, and who were suffering from gastric enteritis or, in plain language, infantile diarrhenx with vomiting. This disease no doubt comes under the definition of typhoid as laid down and interpreted by the Board of Public Health. Thus more that one third of tbc cases are accounted for. Six nana reported were children between 4 and 14 years of age. Oue case was reported as 'probably typhoid,' iu another the ciuse of death is de scribed as ' typhoid bronchitis pneumonia.' Case No. 8 was prerioosl}- reported ou by inc. The man only lived 36 hours in Argo -street, having come from another locality, and I have no doubtmaoy others are imported cases which arc sent to the hospital and have to remain waiting : for a vacancy iu the fever wards. I hive no hesitation in stating from my own personal knowledge and from information given me by ! various medical men witblu tlie city, that there | is no undue prevalence of typhoid in the city, j It is no unusual thing for patients to come and remain in the district for a day or two awaiting j admissiou to tho Alfred Hospital and this fact must be borne in mind iu H«»Hng vjth the present list.' It 16 scarcely uecessary for us to make any comment upon this. The report tells its own tale. AH wc have to do is to urge the necessity upon people generally of being as cleanly as possible, taking reasonable precautions by the use of disinfectants, snd not gelling flurried. Perhaps the best way to prevent the latter is to assure our readers that 60 sure as a scare is got up, so surely will an agitation be sprung upon the public, in order to levy an additional rate, with n view to building a big municipal hospital. Our advice is — keep cool and healthy and save yourselves taxation. The Committed of the Prahran, South Yarra and Toorak Cr&che; report having received 244 children daring the month ending 0th inst, the expenditure during that period being £10 -to - 4di Donations of household supplies, children's clothing, toys, etc., 'have ? been received from the following generous hearted friends of the institution— Mesdames W. 6. Jones, Holmes, Firth, E. A. Price, Dixon, Bennick, F. A. Dixon, and Caeto ; Messrs. Brown, Corke and Co.. besides a uatnber of anonymoas donors. A new rulcis being adopted, pro viding for the enrolment of life governors, Mr. Barstall, from whom 'a donation of £20 has just jbeen received, being ' the first to merit this distinction, A pleasant afternoon -was ' spent on Satord&yf; notwithstanding the showery weather, when the brethren of the City of Prahran and Windsor masonic ? lodges met for a friendly game of cricket; ' The teams were captained by P.M., Bro. Kefford, of the Windsor Lodge, and the 'W.M., of the City of Prahran., - Prahran batted firet and made C8 rung, Sheppard. 23, Davics 18, and Woods C, the bowling of Coventry of the Windsor being too good for the remainder of the Prahran.' The Windsor replied with a total of 123 runs, Ponsford 82, Coventry 18, and Kefford 6 being the highest scorers. Great pleasure was derived from the match and the hope was expressed that it would be ihe -forerunner of' many similar gatherings. . ,3k -THE^CotrsTr^CoORT :on'Tbureday. last * fit. Kilda fraitercr named Keane obtained a verdict uf £20 damages against a fellow tradesmen named Smith. The two 'were recently standing by their carts at the market when SmitbVpoay started off. Smith sciettd oac rein and swerved the' pony round until jast opposite Kcanc, when he'let it go and brought that gentleman' to grief. Mr. G.L Skinner appeared forlhe plaintiff. j ? The G AitsTV Thuatbe has changed handc, the new proprietor being Mr. Dan Tracy, in whose liaads this ulrenlv attrac tive resort shoaltl increxsc in popularity Mr. Trncy has had a lengthy experience iu the business, and not only knows how to cater for the'nmuscbiunt of the. pleasure- ? loviug public, but displays n courteous demeanour to all with whom he comes into icontact, wbicli is a very important feature, the individual popularity of the play-house manager having a great charm with the public. Mr. Tracy has greatly improved the nature of (he entertainment, which is now far aad away superior to that at any other music hall in tbc city. One wise 6tep has been taken at the outset, and that is the prohibition of the vulgar habit of joining in the chorus to songs rendered by the performers. Our music halls have been ricgcucrating into tap room orgies of late through the indifference of the managers, anil ivc are glad to find that Mr. Tracy means to raise the tone of bis theatre iu this rcspcct. In complimenting Mr. Dan Tracy on having the advantage of a courteous de meanour in regard to his association wilh bis patrons, a striking contrast is affonled at a rival play- house in the city which is run by one of tbc saddest-looking and most discourteous individuals it would be pos sible to intercept in a 12 months' travel; and it is not surprising to know that tbe nature of his entertainment (?) is quite in keeping with the managerial surroundings and that the house should be looked upon as the happy hunting-ground of the coarse and vulgar section of tbc pleasure loring community who hold high revelry nt tbe third rate nigger show and tap-room orgy combination which is provided for their depraved appetites. Bliss WlTr, president of the Bit. Eriea Christian Endeavour Society, paid a visit to the South Yarra Home in Lang-6lrcet, South l'arra. last Wednesday evening, and with the assistance of the members of her nsefal society treated the inmates to a most enjoyable evening's entertainment, tbc programme being contributed to by the following l&dics; and gentlemen Song, Mrs. Johnstone,* recitation. 'The Leper' Mr. Hurkitt ; Duet, 'Low at Thy Feet1' I Miss E. Little and Mr. Shade ; recitation, | 'Shining for Jesus' MisB McGeacbin ; solo, ' Nazareth,' Mr. .1. Little ; solo, 'Queen Mary's Prayer' Miss I£. Litllej solo, ' The song that reached my heart '* Mr. J. Little ; solo, Mrs. Johnstone ; while Mr. J. Shaud caused mnch amusement with his humorous recitation, ' At a wed ding party.' BIr. J. -Shade played tbc various pianoforte accompaniments, and the programme was much enjoyed by tbe audience. During the cveniog refreshment!* were provided by the visitors, and a merry ! hour was subsequently spent in games, the inmates entering heartily into the fun, and as heartily testifird their appreciation of the visit of their kind hearted friends. It is A scandal and a reproach upon our municipal council that tbe Gas Con ference which was appointed by parliament as a public watchdog over the Gas Com pany should not have met, as pointed out by Cr. Skinner last week, for a w'holc year. Its power may uot be extensive but it has the power of criticism, and to some extent of supervision, and even its formal protest at any time would have probably hnd some influence, if not on the company, iben on parliament. The Public Wouks Dispautmbnt is offering the various municipalities to ad vance them auy money they may rcquiic on account of their rcspcctive subsidies, in order that they may put in hand work for tbc unemployed. There is no doubt bnlthat most of tlie councils will accept the offer, and draw the money, bccausc at this period of the year they have usually over drafts at the banks, aud to obtain tbc government subsidy a few months earlier thau usual will enable them to sqve the interest they would pay to the banks. But, : inasmuch as it would be crnelly to those, wanting work to buoy them np with Ihe expectation that the offer of tbe government really meaus additional work, wc may point out that every penny of ths subsidy has already been included iu the yearly estimates of the municipalities, and thac in auy case the same amount would be spent wilhin the next six months, whether tlie government advance is made or not. If tbc money is spent during Ihe next three mouths it will simply not be available at the beginning of the winter. The only gain will be that work will be provided now, and there ie the hope that the sewer age works of the Metropolitan Board ot I Works will be put io hand before the winter sets in. Tub fact, which the newspaper man gets almost tired of telling, viz., that there are ample resources in this colony to absorb all the at present surplus labor, is being I illustrated at the present time, openiugs I have been made in all directions for the unemployed.* A few weeks now should see sufficient works put in hand by the govern ment, the municipalities, and the Metro politan Board of Works to enable the laboring classes to tide over the winter nicely. Aqdjif .Ppdd^y Maginnishasafull cupboaril, a'od aljob in hie pooch, Mr. Bafferty the grocer, aud Saunders Mcl'her son the butcher, and Sam Blount the balccr will be prosperous also. -Meanwhile im mediate help is needed for those who, by the slackness of Work, have been reduced to extremities, and attention is . therefore again called to the public meeting which will be held to night,' at the Prahran town hall, nnder the presidency of the mayor, to devise means for assisting the unemployed. One matter to which attention was called at the Prahran court on Monday was the , crowded ' condition ^f the gangway, which prevented' witnesses getting in and out of the court. The -man who designed the courthouse was great k on $tieabcthan windows and fireplaces, but he was a fool on police court accommodation. And tbc efforts made by the police to prevent people -(loitcriug' in the gangway are of tho mildest description. Mr. Dwyer, the clerk -of the court, took the matter in band on Monday and succccded In inducing the police to clear the passage for the time being, but if he can induce volition into the'people who usually congregate, he will accomplish what tbc whole police force has never yet been able to do. . Beocntly vTBB PrAhran cotuicll Jiaye . bad under consideration the ?financial transactions between Cr. John Watson and ? Mrs. Firth in relation to thp pureVasc of land in Karlsberg-wad -^n which it, was alleged that there was a discrepancy, of £7 is. The council found that Or. Watson tad paid .Mrs Firth that amount, bati.lhcy had , made' a further discovery Vincc,' and reported on Monday ' That Mrs. Firth having informed this council that .the amount of £7 Is'jdiscrcpa uey botween bet statement of ac~nn«t and that of Cr. John W«lson. in reference tn purchase ot land in- Knrlsbcig-rovl, represent* a cheque paid to her and returned dishonored by the bank, she be referred for pnymcut oi such amount to the parties with whom' the sale of the laud was negotiated.' Cr. Watson complained that this was put iu such a way as -o infer that it was his chequc which was dishonored, whescas it was one which lie 'collector in obtaining ! contribution* for the street.' and had that day been made good. The council then amended the clause to read that the chequc was paid '.by one of tbc contribulors.' It was STATBD last week at a mecliug of the unemployed that the IVahran couucil liad plenty ot money. That thers mav be no mistake about this matter wc would poiut out that t lie city fund is overdrawn to Ihe extent of dEi/WC -Js. Sd. ; while or the loan fund there is only the small sum of £4,5113 10d Id. in hand. Of course the gjcat bulk of the rates have to come in yet, but the above was the actual finauci.il state of the council according to Ihe business paper presented on Monday. The whole of the balance of tbc loan money is hypothecated for the Williams road bridge. A bevision coubt was held at St. Kilda on Saturday morning when Mr. Benjamin Hill, the registrar for the electorate, pre sented the ratepayers and general rolls for , revision. Mr. John Hambley, the electoral inspector, had objections to 148 names principally on the ground that they were twice entered or that the owners of the names were dead or removed. Kigbt objections were withdrawn and the re mainder sustained. Jlr. O'BIoara P.M. presided but the proceedings throughout were of a purely formal nature. A VOCAL and instrumental concert for which au exceptionally good programme has been prepared will be given on Tuesday evening next in the Primitive Methodist Church, Commcrcial-road, South Yarra, in aid of tbe circuit funds, tbc mayor of Prah ran occupying the chair. On the followiug Tuesday a similar concert will be given at the Primitive Methodist Church ut Elstern wick. We MENTIONED last week that the St. Kilda conncil had forwarded to the Lands , Department a plan of a proposed rearrange ; mcnt of Captain Kenncy's bathing ship I site at the bcach. Tbc Age states that | ' the Lands Department has now agreed to I give Captain Kcnney three acres of land in ' deep water, and £200, on condition that he I delivers np the area he at present occupies, I and releases the St, Kilda council and the Government from any responsibility in re gard to the silling up. The terms have been accepted, and the St. Kilda council will make arrangements to cover up the decaying seaweed behind the waH.1' . As wc understand it, Captain Kcnney will simply shift his present baths fnrthcr into deep vralcr, while, as we have Iwfore stated, the government will contribute one-third of the cost of filling up the low-lying land, tenders for which were again advertised in the St. Kilrfri Adrcrti*rr on Saturday last. The 'Honnr Horse' with the valu able Maync drew such large crowds at the Bijou Theatre last week that the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals had to iuterfcrc, wilh the result tlia- its president, BIr. Ledger, M.P. of ' The Parvenu ' fame, drew op in his JlroHghtnn on Saturday night and replaced the animal for a few nights. ' Caste,' with the inimi table AiiKin as Kccles, will be staged on Saturday for a short season Mil. F. M. Clack and his ever- popular Silk Stockings Company have quilted the Gaiety Theatre and arc now doing a bigger ' biz.' than ever across the road at SL George's Hall. Frank has always magne tised ' the boys ' and he always will wherever be goes. St. George's Hall has been renovated and improved, and as its new lessee seems determined to make this resort the most attractive of the kind in the city, -a big future is prophesied for all concerned. Constable Jordan, of Caulfield, nearly crosscd the ancient river of that name, recently. While at the Caullield races on tlie 30th, he bad occasion to put a stop to a brawl. Subsequently, one of the com batants attempted to lay the constable out with a heavy bar of iron. He was secured, however, and by the Caulticld court last Saturday was sent to gaol for three months, BIr. Penniogton, J.P., expressing regret that be could not make the dose 12 months. The second annivebsabt of the Prahran and South Yarra branch of the Wnmcns' Christian Temperance Union will be celebrated at St. Matthews' Schoolroom, High-street, on Friday, 4th March, when a public tea, admission to which will be six pence, will be held at G.30. After tea a public meeting will be held, the programme consisting of spirited addresses by leading people associated wilh the good work, mnsic by the YiW.C.A. choir, and a sale of gifts in aid of tbc Inland China Mission. Miss M. I. Mathews, the ccaloos secretary, anticipates a very enthusiastic and. success- ful gathering. The union is accomplishing a great deal of good in. .our midst, and deserves the cordial sympathy 'and support of all interested in tho moral advancement of the district 