THE LAST OF THÈ OLD CHURCH CHOIR. ^UJOO AJ 3 - 1 IT happeaad^Ni- SUNDAY after Christmas •the last Sunday ever they played in H^ftigpâddle ChUryih galléiy, a8 it turned out,-1iough they didn't know it then. As ycm may-know.eir, the players formed a good land —almost as good as the Msllstock parish players that were led by thé 4)ewys—and that"s saying-a great deal. There was Nicholas Piiddingcome, the leader, -with the first fiddle ; there was Timothy "Hiomas; the baës viol' maji; •John Biles, the tenor ifiddler ; Danl Hornwith the serpent-; fiobert Dowdie, with the clarionet ; and Hr Nicks with the loboe-^ali sound and powerful musicians, and 8fcrong»-trmded men—all they that blé wed. « For that. rèason they were, very much in demand Christmas week for-little reelB and. dancing parties ; ~for they conld tarn a jig or a hornpipe out of hand as well as ever they could turn out a psalm, and perhaps better/not to speak irreverent. In short, one half-hour they could be playing à Christmas carol in the squire's hall to the ladies and-gentlemen, and drinking tay and cofféé'with 'ëm as ïnodest as saints, and thetiexb wt the TinkerB' Arms, blazing away like wild boraes with the "Dashing White Sergeahf' to eight couple of dancers and more, laud swallowing rum and cider ot as flaaie. . ' WëH, this Christmas they'd been out to "one rattling kick-up after another every aiight, add had- got 'next to no sleep at all. Then came- the Sunday after Christmas, their fatal day. 'Twas BO mortal cold that yiear that they could hardly sit in the gallery; for though tbe congregation down in -thë body of the church had a stove to keep off the frost, the players in the gallery had none at all. So Nicholas said at morning service, when .'twas freezing an inch an hour, " Please the Lord I won't stand this numbing weather no longer ; this,afternoon we'll have, something in our insides to make us warm, if it costs a king's ransom." Sojbe brought a gallon of hot brandy and •beer, ready - mixed, to church with him in the aftemoon^and by keeping the jar well wrapped up in Timothy Thomas's bass-viol bag it kept drinkably warm till they wanted it, which was just a thimbleful in the absolution, and another in the ere 3d, and the remainder at the beginning of the sermon. When they had the last pull they felt quite comfortable and warm, and as the sermon went on—most unfortunately for em it was a long one that afternoon—they fell asleep, every "Wan jack of 'em, and there they slept on as sound as rocks. 'Twas a very dark afternoon, and by the end of the sermon all you could see of the inside of the church were the parson's two candles alongside of him in the pulpit, and his facc behind 'em. The sermon being ended at last, the parson gave out the Evening Hymn. But no choir set about sounding upthe-tune, and the people began to turn their heads. to learn. the reason why, and then Levi Limpet, a boy who sat in the gallery, nudged Timothy and Nicholas, and said, " Begin ! begin !" Hey ? what ?" says Nicholas, starting up, and the church being,so dark and his head so muddled he thought he was at the party they had played at all the night before, and away, he went, bow and fiddle, at " The Devil among the Tailors,'' the favourite jicf of our neighbourhood at that. time. Thé rest of the band, being in the same .state of mind, and nothing doubting, foil r owed • - their • leader • t with all their strength, " according to custom. They poured out that their tune till the lower bass notes of The Devil among the Tailors" made the Cobwebs in thè roof shiver like ghosts ; then Nicholas, seeing ' nobody "move, shouted out as he scraped (in his usual Commanding way at dances when the folks didn't know the figures), "Top couples cross hands, and when I make the fiddle squeak at the end, every man kiss his partner under the mistletoe." The boy Levi was so frightened that he bolted down the gallery stairs and out homeward like lightning. Thé parson's hair fairly stood biuend'when he heard the evil tune raging through the church, and thinking thé choir had gone crazy, he held up his hand and said, " Slop, stop, stop ! Stop, atop ! What's this ?" But they didn't hear bini for the noise of their own playing, and the' more he called the louder they played. ' • Then the folks came out of their pews, wonolering down to the ground, and saying, What do they mean by such wickedness ? We shall be consumed like Sodom and.' Gomorrah." . Then the squire came out of his pew,which was lined with .green.baize, where lota of lords and ladies visiting at the house were worshipping along jrith .them, and went and stood in front of the gallery, and shook And at last they heard him through their playing, and stopped. ' Never such an ' insulting, disgraceful thing—never !" says the squire, who couldn't rule his' passion. 'Never !" says the parson, who had come d</wn and stood beside him. ' Not if the angels of heaven." says the squire (he was a wickedish man, the squire was, though^ now for once he happened to be on the Lord's side)—" not if the angels of heaven coiiie down/' he says, " shall one of you villainous players ever sound a note in this church again for. the insult to me and my family, and my visitors, and God Almighty, that you've a-perpetrated this afternoon." : 'Then the unfortunate church band came to their senses, and remembered where theyi i were j. ..and. 'twas r ^ - eight to see Nicholas Paddingcombe and Timothy Thomas and «John -Bile3 creep down the gallery stàics.with their fiddles under their arms, and poor -Daa'l Hornhead with his serpent, and Robèrfc Dowdle with his clarionet, all looking.as little as ninepins, and out they went. The parson might have ïorgi'ed 'em Ttfhen he learned the truth o't, but the squire would not: That very week he sent for à barrel organ that -would play two-and- -twenty. nëw jpsalui tunes so exact and particular that, however badly inclined you wtts,'-you could play nothing but psalm tunea whatsomever. He had a really respectable. man • to 'torn the -winch, as I ^aid,.and the <>ïd.players- played no mare Wessex Toit/' by Thomas Hardy, 