By the ILoltii Fountain. Three unknown, bus blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from the old iron of Lottu'B Fountain. ' ThiB town is no j-laeo for me,' said tho first. ' Although I am tho Original Matri monial Bureau, my fnmo is overcast. Mayer's Bureau for Private transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes hau cooked my goose forever,' 'Lookntme,' whispsred a second. 'I was portly and riob; now I urn only a ghost of myself. I wnsnn Endowment Association, and a party named Tobiu expoeed my little game of Assurance.' ' Foolieh ones I' said a third. ' You have made bad breaks, nnd niU3t lie low for a while. But you, ray dear Mntritnonial, will still find Country Flats and City Dudeo. You, my reapected Endowment Asaooiation can pull up stakes and go to Seattle, But 1 have no suoh resource. J am Completely Dished.' He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay, 'You nre right,' they sair1, speaking to Cether. ' We cannot asBociata with you any longer. A Life-3aving service that doee not Save Life isaomowhat of a blunder. Go bury yoursoli in a sand-hill.' Benjamin Franklin was once travelling in oold weather aud saw no vacant ; place nt tho tavern-fire where ho could ward himself. Ho cried out the order : 'Half a peck of oysters in the shell for my horse.' Upon this, all the firo- place crowd ruohed out to see a horse eat oysters. Very soon the hustler returned and said : 'Why, sir, your horoo won't eat the oysters,' 'Wont he?' said Fronklin, now comfort ortably Boated by the firoside j ' well, thon, bring them in and cook thorn nnd I'll eat them myself.' A nouHEHoLDEn discovered that a spark from a neighboring conflagration had fallen upon hi3 own slightly slnnting roof, and had set lire to the shingles. All the buokets and ubs had gone to the big fire, nnd there was no one to send after thorn, oven had there beon timo for Buoh n measure ; but tho man was equal to the emergenoy. Ha rushed to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down in the water. To run upstairs and out upon the roof was tho work of a moment, and then ho ' Bat on ' the fire in more senses than one, and saved the house. It is oharaoteristio of somo good-natured mon always to agree with those with whom they converse. It is with them a point of politeness never to differ, whioh sort of politeness is certainly a very amiable kind of tact. We have a oapital instance of the value of thiB polioy in tho sensible speech of the man who, during one of tbo Belfast rioto, wa3 asked by a mob what his religion was. He did not know whether his interrogators were GatholioB or Protestants, but he looked at their weapons, thair bludgeons, nnd their firearms, surveyed all carefully and answered: ''Gentlemen, I am of the same opinion as that gentleman thero with the bis axe.' ° A C0L0.VE& in tho Frenoh army who bad a great oye for neatness, but not muoh of an ear for musio, took occasion one day to com pliment his band-master on the appearance ot his men. ' Their uniforms are neRt,' said the colonel, ' and their instruments are nicely polished and kept in order, but there is one improvement that I must insist unon ' ' What ia it, colonel ?' P ' Y'u must train jon men, when thay per form, to lift t*eir fioycra ell nt exactly the snmo timo nnd nl regular intervals on their instrument!?, si— one, tv/o I one, two I' Tim eel lays it* rpgp, or brings forth its joung nlivo. in the urn, where r.o nno has a ohanco to observe tbe prowsr. Oilier fUheB, likn the shad, Irsvn the ocean to spawn in frrsh water strcnrmi, l.tit thin curinu-i snd Mippcry ciietomor (3opb preciaily Iho revrree Hie young pel.-, nrwly t orn or hntohed, leave tho unit water, nnd mr.l:c tbelr wny in nimiea up tha rlvcra inland. 