BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER, j As you enter the stately gate of Greenwood Cemetery, the grandest Necropolis on the Amcric/iti continent) oh a sharp asceht a little to the left it is a beautiful miniature Grecian temple of the finest Quincy granite, which marks the last resting place of John Anderson. Tie sleeps innoble company. Almost, in front, iiUrkeci tjy a splendid cross, is the grave of Louis Bonnard; who after a life of^elfcdeuial and proration-died; leaving a fortune df tWo htiifdrtid thousand dollars to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Au'mals. Under the shad-jw of the Temple is the monument of Mrs.'Oswald Ot tendon er the fife ofiheediiorcffthK1' Stsats^eitung,"', wlios j benevolence when living, made'her beloved by the poor, to whom she was the incarnation of charity,' qnd whose blessed work survives her in the; various, public institutions which, shii assisted ;ind founded in her life. In a littl.e holww elilab lit is the bronze statut.e of . De \Vitp Clinton, the Governor of New York; and not. fur off is the grave of Horace Greeley the founder of the 2J. Y. "Tribune;" Oil o tojfering point ta thtt north is iaattie Kill; whose. stately monument commemorates the glory of our Union dead; who fell fighting for the old fli-.g in the hUe rebellion; But among: all thc.se holeniti arid beautiful ilieliiomls there is notliipg that surpasses the inAtisoleuiri of John Anderson. Who was h"ei that even in death commands such marked attention? Was he some scholar eminent'in the world of letters? Wiis he.some blessed philanthro pist whose liirjie Keafted, b'ehefactipns have, made hisnairiea benedictlclii. to tlig poor? Was he some weird inventor, whose wonder ful discoveries hive plucked from the bosom of natiiibc hfer most niystbr^ous jsecrets, chained the lightning as an abject slatfe aiid called down the floods from the vaults of Heaven? No, he was none of these; his unly claim to consideration among men was an inven'or of Solace cheering tobacco; not t'lucli you say. Perhaps not; and yet in the cold; dark wfitfclies , of the night, in the late war, when.the with his hand upon the trigger of his gun; not know ing but the next moment might ba his last, I have known him to tike a sharp' cSance of death for a chew of it, and consider him self well .paid tot a five' mile tramp by a paper of it: But what is Solace tobacco, which led this luck3-Wight to fortune ? About 'fifty years ago there stood on Broadway, opposite Pearl street, a little, tobacconist's shop on th?; corn.er of the. City Hospital grounds. The chief attraction of this . humble stdre was a lorely yoiing maiden about eighteen, who was knoirn far and near as ' the pretty cigar girl.1 All the toung dudes 'bought their cigars there; while lovers of tile wfced who found comfort in chewiug were always pro vided with a paper of John Anderson's Fine Cut. \- One day General Scott,', then the Com mander-in-Cliief of the American Army, walking duwu Broadway discovered that he was out of his favorite weed,' and he stepped into John Anderson's little shop.. The grim warrior was tlieh j'asssd sixty, but he still hud an eye for female beauty, and ftiany times after when journeying between New York and Washington he stopped, at the little tobacconist's shop to' lay in a supply of John Anderson's Pine Cut. One morning New York was startled with the intelligence that the pretty cigar girl had :disajpeared ; and a couple of days afterwards her body was fbund floating ih the Hiidsoii. fiver opposite, the Elysian Fields, it was less thaii a nine unjo' wpnder ; the mystery of her death was ; never unravelled and after a time was for gotten. The Mexican war came on and in 1S48 General Scott superceded General Taylor in command of the forces. It was hard fighting over rough ground, and General Scott found himself short of his favorite weed iind was finally reduc.ed to .the haru , necessity o'f-tjld Yimma Golden .Plug from I the Commissary Sspattmkht: In his dire strait lie wrote to John Andersoii to sfend him a dozen fine Cut. To preserve it moist, John Anderson conceived the idea of enclos- i ing it in tinfoil. It worked like a charm and when General Scott acknowledged the receipt of it, which he did with his own hand, he made" use of the following words ' And, my dear sir, allow me to say, your tobacco is a ] genuine solnc?.' John "Anderson had the letter SlegiihUj fratned and hung it in his [ window. . Thousands cro'irdcd Ground to read it ; these simple words were tl'ifc open 1 seaume to fortune to John Anderson's Sokcc Tobacco, a brand that is now known from the rising to the setting of the sun. From liiat day to the hour of his death, fortune smiled upon him ; his hundreds be came thousands ; his thousands hundreds of j thoimuds ; his .hundreds of thousands' millions, and so he kept piling up' till one ! night death .stepped in and JohtT Anderson's ! earthly accounts were closed, stocks, bonds, houses and lands. Solace tobacco and all. But while wealth rolled upon him in a golden stream; all was not well in the home of John Anderson. There was a grim skeleton behind . the door, grinning by day, and chattering by night, that gave his soul no peace. While others slept he started up in a fright from his diesms and rushed wildly through the gilded parlors of his splendid home, pursued by the pale ghost of "the: pretty cigar girl. Sometimes she clutched him by the throat, and then a wild scream of fright brought the household together to find the mister writhing on the floor fi a.ning at the mouth J but the terrible ghost hid vanished. Then he sought forgetfulness in drink; but,the spectre invisible toother eye's was^ever present to him. He broke up his family and installed a woman of questionable repute at the head of his household and be came a social outcast. At last; worn in body and crushed in spirit he died, and; for the past five weeks his life and history in,all. their shocking details have been ventilated in the courts,- his daughter Mrs.: Appleton contesting his will, and the result has been these appalling revelations of a man who has been in his grave for years. • This splendid mausoleum is but one of many :in this mournful city of the dead which cover his tories wilder than the wildest:, romance and secrets which bad better, remain locked till the judgment day. A question which is now perplexing many very pious people is the evangelization of the Chinese. As the Sunday schools have'been organized here a nice, winsome young female teacher lias been provided for every .China man and Joliu Hkee belly ' muchee! * A Rev. Mr. Lewis who has, had considerable experi ence as a Chinese missionary, objected to' that manner of teaching, and instead of trust ing young girls with the work, suggested, that it could be performed more consistently by men, but John did not want that, he wsntee;wauAmelican galee,;alle to^himselfee, or he no com'mee to Slunday school.1 That appeared- to'be.just'the.point.* '-When John had' no'' washed on Slunday* he would eonie over to Brooklyn and have a nice time with his teacher, get ham sandwiches, dough ,nuts and hob coifee and nothing to: pay It was said that the majority of these, pious converts on other nights of the week might be found at the fan tan tables of Motfc-street, or the opium joints of Pell-street and that the harvest of the saved was not great. One emi nent minister offered to teach them in his church with male teachers and they told him po'nt blank that if they could not have a girl each they would not come. . The fact is; there-' is a good dealiof false philanthropy in all of our churches.; \Iu New York and Brooklyn are thousands and thousands of people who-, have no gospel and no Gsd, and whb: need the bread: of life as it was never needed by any Chinaman since Confucius—heathens on whose black night no ray of light has ever shone, and who have no more idea of God than the voiceless Sphynx on Egypt's burn ing saud3. Out of this maelstrom of sin in our midst rises the cry of sinking thousands. Night and day, curses, maledictions, and" blasphemy shock the air. While good men and good women are seeking for Christian work, these fallen wretches, besotted and begrimed with sin, lost to every sense of human obligation, steeped in infamy and ! dead to shame, are still our brothers and sisters ; deny it as we will. The question of f ho first murderer rises to tho lips, 'Am I my brother's keeper?' before God, yes; and for that keeping sooner or later you will be held to a strict accountability. Among the sham philanthropies of the time is one now sanctioned by Elbridgo Gerry, the president of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Among the most pleasant of our theatrical enter tainments is Francis Wilson's Lion Tamer, which is bound to have a long rim. In it there is a dance for children, a delightful dance it is, and the children enjoy it as much as the audience. These little creatures are more tenderly cared for than they are in their own homes. By this pleasant little play tho children are able to assist their fam ilies to five dollars a week, but Mr. Gerry I refused to let them dance, and twenty I poor families Iobs onp hundred dollars a' week, a serious' matter in this bid ing winter time. Mr.' Wilson has a couple of clever little cttlored boys whom he picked up in the streets and put in the way of earning ah hone'st and honorable liv ing. These cunning little fellow? haTe an act which they enjoy quite as much as the audience. In their ordinary play with each other they tumble about like a couple of monkeys, but Mr. Gerry steps in again and forbids them to do this. It is not humanity but simple philanthropic stupidity. Francis Wilson, aside from, being a very funny man, is a humane, intelligent gentleman, and any child entrusted to.liis charge would be quite as tenderly .cared for as any of Mr. Gerry's own family. ' - *; People s»eni to hare a very strange idea of 'matters on the.stagS of n theatre. It may be. news to some but Ispeak about what I know: there is not one family in twenty whose affairs are conducted in as decent and orderly fashion rts thtiy are an the stage of a well legislated , theatre. There . are about fire hune'r-'d children engaged '.Sj tlio theatres of New York City, and for general deportment, good behavijr and intelligence, I will back them iigainsl any fire hundred children that win be selected ffom the Sunday schools of Brooklyn or New York. 311. (Jerry and his society.hare.done excellent work for *bich wo feel duly-grateful, but on the question of children talking pterf in a theatrical perfor • mance they ntd philrtnthropically mad. Little Joseph Hoffman, iriaking his three thousand dollars a week for playing a few pieces on the piano is considered to be in mortal danger. He had his own private physidatij a valet and a nurse, his father and his niothtf all dancing attendance on him;'he was quartered iii the most elegant suit of rooms in the finest hotel in the city, iind his carriage and horses and liveried servants, awaited hi? beck and call, but- Mr. Gerry cnmpellrd him'to break his engage ment and Manager Abbey was knocked out of a clean hundred thousand dollars, and the boy himself tubbed of a fortune that would have supported himself, li's tether and his mother for the rest of. their lives. This latest duirig1) "ri Mr. Wilson is a shameful usurpatiofi of poVer, find fiie. sooner thearbi trary law is repealed the bettef. If Mr. Gerry and his society want work to do that will repay them here and hereafter, they neeilho^seek it^ampng thejivell fed- and the welicarelrifar children in the theatres; let them go' down to nfitfsjfaper iow in the cold grey of these bitter winter worniflgs, or when, the evening papers are issued in these cold and biting afternoons go to the Brooklyn Bride or along the Bowery, where ragged misery fights fiercely for bread and shelter from*early dawn till late at night. Go there, Mr. Gorry, and contrast their wretched estate with Francis Wilson's well-paid pican niflies,- then ponder on what yon have seen, and see if you CSiii/ot find work enough in saving those poor waifdf "apparently by God and man forsaken. New Year's Day was less olwertfcd as u visiting day than it has been for many years past. There were many sociab'e events of note,-, one of the most interesting being the introduction into society of Miss B elen Gould. Tho Goulds,- as everybody knows, are not Society people and Jay Gould as far as he\s personally concerned does not care a ] pinch of snuff for McAllister and the four I hundred,- and since Mrs. Gould's death the j family have made no special effort td enter- j tain; this week, however, they broke the icfe 1 and Miss Helen was formally presented to j . society: She is a lovely girl, and some day ?tfll be one of the richest heiresses in the world, and when the time does come for her to choose a mate I only hope she maybe as fortunate as her brother George when he choose sweet Edith Kingdon, then indeed we could well wish her a Happy New Year. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 