A MYSTERY. CHICKENS AND DARKIES. Told By the Colonel. ' Spiritualism Out West. Lassooln&r; the Spirit— Cowboys and the Spiritual Combination— A Night's Catoh of Niggers. . "Do I' beliovo in spiritualism!" ropeated the Colonel. . " Well, yon wouldn't ask mo that question if you knew that I had been in the business myself. I once ran a ' Grand Spiritual Combination Show.' I had three nrst-class mediums, who did everything from knocking on a table to materialising Napoleon, or Washington, or any of your dead friends. It was a good-business while it lasted, but, unfortunately, we showed one night in a Texas town before a lot of cow boys. One of them brought his lassoo under his ooat, and when the ghost of William Penn appeared the cowboy iassooed biir., and hauled him in, hand over hand, for farther investigation. Tho language Wil liam Penn used drove all the ladies out of the place, and his want of judgment in tackling the cowboy cost him all his front teeth. I and tho other mediums, and the doorkeeper, had to take a hand in the mani festation, and tho result was that tho whole combination was locked up overnight, and the fines that we had to pay made me tired of spiritualism. > , " No, sir 1 "I don't believe in spiritualism, but for all that there are curious things in the world. Why is it that if a man's name is Charles G. Haseltine ho will loBe his right leg in a railway accident ! The police some years ago wanted a Charles G. Haseltine with a wooden right leg in ttie State of Massachusetts, and they found no less than five Charles G. Hasel- tines, and evoryono of them had lost his right leg in a railway accident. What makes, it all the more curious is that they were no relation to oua another, and not ono of them had ever heard of tho existence of the others. Then will someone tell mo what is the connection between darkies and chickens! I say 'darkies' instead of 'niggers' because I had a colored regiment on my right flank at the battle of Corinth, and that night I swore I would never Bay nigger again. However, that don't concern you. What I meant to Bay was that there is a connection between darkieB and chickens wbicii nobody has ever yet explained. Of course no darkey can resist the temptation to steal a chicken. Everybody knows that. Why, I know a colored minister who was as honest a man as the sun ever tried to tan— and failed — and I have known him to preach a sermon with a chicken that he had lifted on his way to meeting Bhoved up under his vest. Ho wouldn't have stolen a dollar bill -if he was starving, but ha would steal every chicken that he could lay his hands on, no matter if his own chicken-house was crowded with chickens. It's in the blood — or the skin— and no darkey can help it. " What was I going to say abont the con nection between darkies and chickens ! I had very nearly forgotten it. This was what I was referring to. A chicken will draw a darkey, just as a dead sheep will draw vultures in Egypt, though there may have been no vultures within 20 miles when the sheep was killed. You may be living in a town whero there isn't a single darkey within 10 miles, but if you put up a chicken- house and stock it, there will he darkies iu the town within 24 hours, and just so long as your chicken-house has a chicken in it fresh darkies will continue to arrive from all sections of the country. This beats any trick that I ever saw a spiritual medium perforin, and I can't see the expla nation of it. You may say that Bomcono carries word to tho darkies that there is a new chicken-house waiting to be visited, but the answer to thiB is that it isn't true. My own idea is that it is a matter of instinct. When you carry a cat 20 miles away from home in a bag and let her out, we all know that her instinct will show her the way home again before ypu can get there your self. Just in the samo way instinct will draw a darkey to a chicken-house he has never seen or heard of. You'll say that to talk about instinct doesn't explain the matter. That is true enough, but it makeB you feel as if you had struck the trail, which is some satisfaction at any rate. So far as I can see, that is about all that scien tific theories ever do. " If you caro to listen I'll toll you what happened within my knowlcdgo in connec tion with darkies and chickens. I was located a little after the war in the town of South Constantinople, in tho western part of Illinois, and my next door neighbor was Colonel Ephraim J. Hickox, who com manded the 95lh Rhode Island Regiment. Tho town was a growing place, and it had tho peculiarity that there wasn't a darkey in it. Tho nearest ono lived oyer at West Damascus, seven milos away, and there was only two of him — he and his wife. Another curious thing about the place was the scarcity of labor. There weren't above a dozen Irishmen in tho place, and they wouldn't touch a spade or a hoc under three dollars a day, and wouldn't work more than four days in a week. You see, a certain amount of digging and gardening had to bo done, and there wasn't anybody to do it except these Irishmen, so they naturally made a good thing of it, working half the time and holding meetings for the redemp- tion of Ireland tho rest of tho time in tho barroom of the International Hotel. " Ono day Colonel Ephraim, as I always used to call him, wanted to drain his pasture lot, and he hirod tho Irishinuu to dig a ditch about a Quarter of a mile long. They would dig for a day, and then they would knock olf and attend to suffering ireland, till Ephraim, who was a quick-tempered man, was kept in a chronic state of rage. He had no notion of going into politics, so he didn't oaro a straw what the Irishmen thought of him, and used to talk to them asireo. as if they couldn't vote. Why ho actually refused to subscribe to a dynamite fund, and for a gold crown to bo presented to Mr. Gladstone, and you can judga how popular he was in Irish circles. I used to go down to Ephraiin's pasturo every once in a while to seo how his ditch was getting along, andonoafternoonlfound the wholclotof Irish men lying on tho grnsa smoking iustead of working, and Ephraim in tho very act of discharging them, " ' Perhaps it's nacurs that yon'd be pre ferring,' said one of the men, as they picked themselves up and made ready to leave. "'You bet it is,' said Ephraim, 'and, what's more, I'll have that ditch finished by darkies before the week is out.' This seemed to amuse tho Irishmen, for tiicv went away in good spirits iu spite of the language that had been hove at them, and it amused mo too, for I knew that there were no darkieB to be had, no matter what wages a man might bo willing to pay. I said as much to Ephraim, who, instead of taking it kindly, grew madder than cvor, and said, 'Colonel ! I'll bet you 50do, that I'll have that ditch finished by duikies inside of four days, that they'll do all the digging without charging mo a dollar.' ' If you're going to send over into Kentucky and import negro labour,' said I, you can do it, and get your ditch dug, but .you'll have to pay either the darkies or tho contractor who furnishes them.' ".'I promise you not to pay a dollar to anybody, contractor or nigger. And 1 won't ask anybody to send mo a single man. What I'm betting on is that the darkies will come to my place of their owe accord, and work for nothing. Are you going to take the bet on, oraintyou!' ' ' I didn't hesitate any longer, but I took the bet, thinking that Ephraim's mind was failing, and that it was a Christian duty for his friends to see that if lie did fool away his money, it should go into their pockets, iustend of the pockets of outsideis. But, as you will see, Ephraim didn't Iobo that DO dollars. " Early the next morning Ephraim had a couple of masons employed in turning his brick smoke-house into a chiclten-housc, and he had two dozon chickens with their - logs tied lying on tho grass waiting for the chicken-house to bo finished. Tho masons broke a hole through tho side of tho house, and lined it with steel rods about 3ft. long, which Ephraim had bought to use iu somo experiments in gun-making that hp was always working at. The rods were set in a circle which was about lift, wide at ono ead, and tapered to about din, at the other end. The arrangement was just like the wiro entrance to a mouse-trap of tho sort that is meant to catcli mice alive, and never does it. It was nothing loss than a darkey-trap, although Ephraim pretended that it was a combined ventilator and front door for tho chickens, Tho maBons so far as I coaid judge, that Ephraim's mind was going fast, and I made up my mind that it would be a sin to let the man bet with anybody who would be disposed to take advantage of his infirmity. " Tho trap was finished before dark, and baited with two dozen young chickens. I came by tho place a second time about sun set, just as Ephraim was locking up his chicken-house, nnd I saw a small darkey boy leaning on the fence. I asked him whero he came from, but he only said 'Dumio.' I found out afterwards that he came from a house at least 10 miles away, and that those two dozen chickens had drawn him thcro wasn't a shadow of doubt in my mind. At that time, however, I was a little afraid that Ephraim had begun to import colored labor, and that there was somo trick about his bet that might prove that his mind was all right. Two days afterwards I went down to the pasture, aud 1G darkies digging away at that ditch, aud Ephraim superintending with a 25 cent cigar in his month. ' G'oine to pay that 00 dollars, I suppose ! ' ho said when he saw me. 'You wait till the ditch is finished, which will be some time to-day. You see I was as good as my word.' - "I asked him to explain how ho had collected his darkies, and being in unusually good spirits he told mo all about it. "Ho had made his trap just large enough to admit a good-sized darkie, who could push tho steel rods apart as ho crawled in, but who couldn't crawl out again, no matter how hard he might try. Tho morn ing after he had set the trap Ephraim took his shot-gun and wont down to his chicken- house. He found that the night's catch had been larger than he had hoped. Thoro were 16 colored men of different Bizes sitting on tho ground, or leaning up against the side of tho house. There was a good deal of wool and cloth sticking to the ends of tho steel rods, and some of the younger darkies looked as if they had been fighting with wild cats, but ,thoy didn't try to explain things. Besides the darkies there were two white tramps in tho trap, but Epht-ium just kicked them into tho street without even proposing work to them. Then ho came back and told the darkies that the Legisla ture had just passed a bill making it felony to break into a chicken-house, and that he was very much afraid that they would be hung and dissected, unless they could show him some reason for being merciful to them. "The darkies were frightened, besides being hungry and eold, and when Ephraim said that ho had a job of ditching to be clone, and that if they would do it for him he would let them off soot free, they were do- lighted, and the whole chickcn-house was lit up with their teeth. They went into that ditch a happy and contented gang, and finished it before night. Ephraim was a liberal man, and, considering that he had won 50dol., and had got his ditch finished for nothing, he was disposed to bo generous. So he gave the darkieB a lot of good advice, and informed them that, with a -view of removing tomptation from their way, ho should sell his chickens and go out of the business. The darkies went away as happy as if they had been well paid, and tho next morning thoro wasn't a darkie in the wholo town. They iiad gone back to their homos, or elso they had bocn drawn somewhere elso by orher chickens. " Do I mean to say that Epln-iam had not made arrangements with someone to send him those 1G darkies ! That is just what I do mean to say. When ho fitted up his chicken-house ho had no moro idea where his darkies would come from than I had, but he know that tho chickens would draw darkies, and that his trap would hold them, so ho felt that ho had a sure thing. I have no more doubt that those darkies were drawn to Ephriam's place by those chickens than I have that a magnet will drow a needle. I can't explain how it was done, but I beliovo it all the samo. It is what is called a mys- tcry, and the good book says that the less vou trv to oxolain mysteries the better."— The Idler. There was iv sign upon a fence ; " This is Wet Paint." And everybody that went by, . Sinner nnd saint, Put out a finger, touched the fence, And onwnrd sped ; And as ho wiped his finger tips, "It is," ho said. 