ffffl¿MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, FEB. S, 285!. EPITOME OP NEWS. I Deputation leaves Zeehan to-day to wait on PjOsunaster-Geiieral r« erection of post office pn central site there. j Surprise and regret expressed in Launces- ton at the contemplated removal of Father O'Regan to Campbell Town. H.M.S. Victoria afloat again. Injuries very slight. - > Mrs. Osborne discharged on the first count, but re-arrested for perjury. ' Influenza has affected finance as well as men, women and children. 1 Mount Morgan yielded lO.OOOoz. of gold from 6,400 tons stone last month, , t Mr. John Dunne, a prominent South Aus- tralian miller, is dead. George Giffen and his mates met with hearty reception at Adelaide on Saturday. 1 Groom named Thomas White seriously stabbed at Adelaide. Assailant arrested. Mr. W. H. Glen, well-known muBic seller in Melbourne, died yesterday. Wife-murder and attempted suicide in Sydney. Arthur Nicholson, jockey, killed at Caul- field yesterday. i Cape peaches packed in cotton wool aro selling at 2*. and 2s. Cd, in London. English and Australian Mortgage Bank holds excellent credit in London. Impeachment of a Portugese Minister of Finance proposed to tho Cortes. Sir Gee. Trevelyan is stirring up the Liberals in London. The Ponsonby tenants purpose purchasing their holdings under the Ashbourne Act. Sir Saul Samuel has replied to the Statist's comments on Australian borrowing. Nellie Stewart bas met with great success in London in Blue-Eyed Susan. Meetings of unemployed' at Melbourne. Minister of Labour and labour bureau wanted. Woman found in Sydney University grounds tt ith bcr throat cut] murder sus- pected. Frauds connected with the issue of Silver- ton tramway shares reported; warrant out for the perpeti ator. Mr. Dashwood, M.P., likely to be ap Ïiointed Got ernmentresident for the Noi them erritory of South Australia, Lora Kintore denies the rumour as to tho probability of his appointment to the Gover- norship of New Zealand. Mr. Howell, manager of the Proprietary mine, has no fears about the water supply at Broken Hill. , / Prominent English fruit merchants say Tasmania will supply the finest, fruit for the London market. , ¡ Cardinal Manning's tt ill upon examination shows that the eminent prelate left only £100, the bulk of his income during his life, having been dispensed in charity. , -, i THE world js still deceived by' omar nient," says SHAKXBFEAHE, on which' point there will be no #reat diffeience of .opinion. But, the world is greatly deceived by much that is not in the nature.of ornament, in the seDse in which the word is used by SHAKES- PEARE, but by what we may- call the mere force of assertion. We have had some notable illustrations of this of late, both in the colonies and in EuTope, by the pandering of writers in the Press to the piejudices aud igno- rance of the people, when it should have been alike their pleasure and their duty to show the sources whence the errors sprang. We need ¿eil nobody, we suppose, that the world in general does not know what evidence is. At all events, we need not tell lawyers, judges, or logicians that what the public, and not tiiè public only, takes for evidence is generally not evidence ^t all, and often not even anything which bears resemblance to it. ?' Select-committees, for example, as we have had occasion (to point out several times, report that the evidence which they have taken proves certain things set forth in their reports, the fact being, that in a host of cases there is actually no evidence at all to uphold what is reported. Still, the world goes on believing, select-committees report, and wil) con- tinue to report, and a host of failures will not in the least affect the causes which will lead to failures in the time to come. As COBREIDCJE says -experience is like the stern lights of a ship, which only illuminate the track we have passed. As a rule, what has been does not at all alter the case in the present, and men make the sameerrors day after day.iiiitil they finally are laid in their graves to blunder in this world no more. In- credible as it may seem to the inex- perienced in «uch matters, though there will be no incredulity on the part of newspaper edirore.there are persons who make the game mistake in writing, and I liave it corrected week after ;week' for ' years- together, ¡aid at the end are no further advanced than in the beginning. After all that bas been said and written,^ we should not a priori have supposed that it~would be a popular move to publish a collec- tion of 'ghost stones, yet it has proved to be so, and tho editor of the Review of JRevt'eivs has got up another of his sensations. To those who have read the stories published in the Christmas number of that paper, the whole thing appears supremely foolish, siuce there is hardly a story which will bear the least critical examination. They aro full of palpable contradictions, gross assumptions, con- clusions are jumped at aud ^ inferences drawn which have not the faintest war- rant in fact or reason.and yet they have made a sort of sensation. We are} not much concerned with them. Those who can accept them »ill accept tbem, and no reference to their want, of evidence, that is, of real i evidence, will have the slightest i effect. DICKENS used to constantly ¡visit haunted houses, so-called, and wait for the ghosts that never carno, but the people who thought that their .houses were haunted did not in the 'least alter their opinion. In truth, i (great deal of belief is not dependent on evidence at all, is not to be shaken by a demonstration that there is a I want of evidence, but remains I in spite of all that can be 1 sorid on the subject. There aro points on which a whole people at times cannot reason, as every one knows who has tried to convince a crowd in a state of political excite- ment, even with the clearest de- monstrations and the most undoubted facts. We notice this matter, not to dis- cuss the subject of ' ghosts, but to point out the curious reliance there is on the want of reason in the mind of the general public. The editor of the Review of Reviews says : -" It is idle to say that this science of ghosts should be left for experts." " Science of-ghosts " is good, very good, and might be supplemented by the science of fairies, witches, wood nymphs, and satyrs, and all the imaginary beings with which the anoients, in the exuberance of their fancy, peopled the world. There was a time when the woods, the streams, every glade and glen, every mountain and every moor, had its guardian faun, or nymph, or god, who, truly, did not always behave them- selves with strict propriety, but who were as real to the ancient mind as the material things which it saw around. DIANA bathed, and she caused the dogs of the rash hunter who saw her to tear him to pieceB, though she developed a weakness for ENDYMION. We need not, however, in these days repeat the thousand and one fables of mythology, learned by British youth often with much pain, but we desire only to call attention to the cool declaration that it is proposed to "democratise" the work of scientific investigation. A lot of men and women giving their so-called experience, is said to be a scientific investigation, and we are asked to believe on the strength of such assertions. There is no royal road to mathematics, but there is a democratic one to science, so that you have only to get a crowd together to settle the most abstruse and difficult questions. A mob called together by a bell to decide a matter of science or evidence, is superior to all the lawyers and all the philosophers combined, i We may well wonder that in these dajs this sort of îubhish should be written, and still more that it is bought when written, but our wonder grows apace when we come to learn the sort of argument by which it is supported. We have but room for example. Mr. STEAD asks, "how many have seen the microbe that kills ?" and yet we believe them to exist. We must take the testimony of others. If we take the testimony of others for a microbe, why not for a ghost ? ~ Such is the argument used to satisfy the public. None of us has seen a unicorn, a basilisk, a griffin, or any one of the fabulous animals of antiquity, and yet we do not believe them to exist. And why ? For the simple reason that nobody can i show us one, or bring evidence io prove that there ever wab one. But the microbes, like the poor, are always with us. One scientific enquirer can showthem to another, and does show {hem,'or'if lie cannot then we do not believe that he has seen them himself. This ' is the essential différence be- tween the two cases, between what is probable and what is not probable, be- tween what is capable of demonstration and 'what, cannot be demonstrated. In one case there is proof, in the other theie is none. A ghost is a vanishing quantity. It is incapable of demon- stration, so that to compare with the things which science demonstrates is to make such a jumble of logical de- duction as fairly make us wonder that any one can write and sober people have'the patience to lead such stuff. Truly, the world can be deceived, even without ornament. SOUTH AUB-HULIAN journals refer with pur donablcpridoundcongratulation to thesuccess of the otli,bit of wines from that colony at the Tasmanian Exhibition, and anticipate that when the awards of the jurors are made known the South Australian wine- growers ti ill not only obtain a premier posi- tion, but will Cod an immediate and perma- nent improvement in tho demaud for their products The establishment of a united Australian wine 'bar, 'where wines from New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia are ¡ sold in frieudly rivalry, tends to increase the popularity of all classes of colonial wine while bringing prominently to the fiont those of .exceptional merit. Earnest hopes are expressed that the pro- posed reciprocity treaty'under which South Australian wines will be admitted into Tas- mania freed from the present almost pro- hibitive impost will be duly signed, scaled, and delivered, and that a wholesome bever- age will be within the means of all. To Tasmanians wine as a beverage comes almost within the category of things for- bidden, lu Melbourne the visitor from this is and finds he can get a glass of sound white wine, or red, drawn ftom the wood, for thre-pence, or lie can carry awoy a bottle full, six to the gallon, for uinepence-a sixth part of the price charged here for stuff of very doubiful vintage. South Australia supplies wines-pure juice of the grape winch are competing iu the English market with the best wines of the world. " Double Diamond port," good as that made famous in Nicholas Nidleby, champion c1 a lets, bock, ohabl'B, Madeira, Constantin, Tokay, Frontignac, Reisling, Virdeilbo, and a score of others rhany new to Tasmania, are all obtainable at very j moderate prices If retaliatory tariff« did not block the way. Even champagne, the expcnsivo and mysterious compound of froth, fizzle, and disappointment, is being made, pure and unsophisticated, and at a price which compared with tho usual tarift for gold top, is marvellously cheap. Mr. Alfred M. Simon, of London, who roicnlly in- spected the Australian vineyards expresses opinion, based uu twenty years' cxpornrico of the «ino trade, that the soil and climate of Australia aro against the production of % sparkling wine equal to the uno " Cuvées *' of France. Perhaps so, but M. Simon is the mouthpiece, of ohauipagno producers in France, and he docs not say that Australia cannot produce an infinitely mare palatable and wholeBomo wine than tho fearful compounds in which the skill of tho j i chemist is more in evidence than the blood of the vine. Tho value of this expert opinion is about being put to practical test. M. Foureur, a vigneron, of Hindmarsh, South Australia, lus been at work for soyeral years to show that Austral lian champagne is not an impossibility. A few days ago be invited a patty of skilled judges to taste the wine he has perfected, and which they declarod to be a genuine Australian chstnpagno " of natural effervescence, clear, and acooptablo to the palate, and in no way heady." M. Foureur says he can placo his wine on the market at half the cost of tho imported article, and he has so far oontincoi business men in Adelaide of luccoss that they Save formed| a syndicate to lay down 250,000 dozen of his champagne as a first supply for an anticipated eager market. The financial success of this venture Beems well assured. Pure wine, honestly made, will carry its own recommendation. Pure wine, cheaply vended, should be subject to co moro fiscal restrictions than cider is in England or vin ordinaire among the peasantry of Franco. THE condition of affairs in Canada Ins not, it seems, been complicated by the racial and other extraneous matters which it was sought on some hands to introduce into the lato Government scandals. The action of Lieut.-Govornor Angier, in his dismissal of M. Mercier and his colleagues from their offices, may have, and is indeed admitted to have been by tile former gentleman's groatcst supporters, somewhat precipitate. But of its justness and necessity as an ultimate resort there can be no doubt, and this socms to have been in the main appreciated by the people of Quebto. The Cbalencrs Bay scandals admit of no doubt of iho complicity of the ex-Premier and his colleagues iu the illegal transactions between the Government and some of the contracting firms, and the swiftness « ith which the fiat of condemna- tion and dismissal went forth is supported by the weight of public opinion. The new Ministry ÍB admittedly one of expediency it is principally intended however as a direct discountenance by the Dominion Government of the evils which had crept into the provincial administration under the Mercier , reign, and neither his hold on the French residents nor his power with tho Catholic Church authorities have been able to extricate tho fallen chieftain from the quicksands into which his worse than follies have precipitated bim. The last cards which it seems his party andits Press organs are about to play (according to The 1ima' correspondent), are to liol ti M. Mercior up to pity as a victim of Federal jealousy. But one would think the stern irony of facts would be too great even for this favourite trap for catching the electors. BOTHWELL.-February 17, Cup Day, will be a bink holiday at Bothwell. VICTORIA AND THE CUICAOO EXHIBITION. -Tho Premier (Hon. P. 0. FyMi), has re ceited tho following Iel ter from Hon. Jame B Munro, Premier of Victoria :-" With regard to your letter of the 13th August last and my reply of the 21st idem, I have the honour to inform you that this Govern- ment has now decided to take part in the Chicago Exhibition upon the following con- ditions :-1st. That the expense of this colony do not exceed £20,000, and that of this the Government protide £15,000 and the exhibrors £5,000 2nd. That this Government so far agrees with the Adelaide lettt-r of the 26th October tnat it prefers au Australian Court, but is not prepared to decide upon matters of detail at present. The suggestion oontained in your letter cannot ut present therefore be dealt with." JUPITER AND VENDS -Captain Short, BN., reports that Saturday evening could not have been more unfatourab'e for observ- ing the conjunction of Venus aud Jupiter. But at Sli. 25miu , a eiuartcr of an hour before the setting of Venus, there was a break in the clouds, low down towards the horizon to the westward of Mount Welling- ton, when Mr. Duffy, head signalman at Mount Nelson, had a view of the planets for 24 mil utes Venus had then passed Jupiter several minuten. RAINFALL REGISTRATION.-Capt.- Shortt, R.N , Meteorological Obsert cr, reportB the rainfall for the week ending February C: At Southport, 38 points ; Mount Kelson, 40 ; Hobart, 31 ; Hamilton, 13 ; Sorell, 33 ; Carnarvon, 14; Euglehawk Neck, 39 ; Swan- sea, 5 ; Falmouth, 5 ; and Zcehao, 19 points. TENDERS ACCEITED.-The following ten- dera hate been accepted for public works : - Bridge and approaches near Muuce's , (on road Deloraine to Reedy Marsh), H. J. Knott, £170 ; four plan presses for the' survey department, malling and delivery of, J McLoUfchlm, £5910s. for the til ole. The tender of \V. Cannon, for contract 4, roads, parish of Narrawa, road, branch to selec- tions of MOBSIS Nolan, Geale, and oth'rs, is cancelled. The tender of Close auej GreigB, for contract 4, road, Histings to Recherche, is transferred to Jeihti Cleise. HOBART TECHNICAL. SOU OL.-The Hobart Technical School exhibits-the work of the students during 1891-consUtinj« of model- ling, machine construction, building con- struction, and art, took the first award at the JLuuuccBton Exhibition. Great credit is due to the students and to their instructors, Mr. J R Fryer (art) and Mr W. Middleton (machine construction). The miniature model boiler, made by R V. Kemp, a student, during his leisure, was awarded first hnnouis. YACHTING.- An unusually large number of spectators assembled on the Esplanade, Domain, Battery and other coigns of van- tage to view the yacht races last Saturday. At 2.42 the 21ft. yachts were got away to a good start, followed by the 28ft. 10 minutes ufterwards, and their movements were watched with much interest from the Bhore I aud from the s.s. Huon which had a large number of passengers on board. The Gitana was the first to cross the line of the 28ft. y "elite, followed by the Clyde and Volant respectively, the Daisy retiring before the race was nuisbed. Of the 21 ft. yachts the Imp secured first place, followed by the Inez, Olga, and Hebe. The strong south-easterly breeze favoured the .yachts, aud a very pretty sight occurred on the first run to Smelting Works Bay when the bouts rounded the buoy in altuont a cluster. Messis. 0 Counur and M. MeArthur had control of tin- raceB and gave much satisfaction. > MARINE EXCURSION».- The Taranna goes to Brown's River to-day at 2.30 p.m., > land- ing passengers a', the jetty. The Nubeena, under charter to the City > Band, makes a moonlight excursion to the same place on Tuesday night, > startlog at 7 30p.m., when with good music there should be a most on joj > able trip. On Welnesdoy the Nubeena goes to Port Arthur, and on Sunday to > New Norfolk -under charter to the City Band; The Taranna will make two excursions to Brown's River on Wednesday, starting at 10 30 a.m. and2pm. ' EXCURSION TO PEPPERMINT BAY. Weatheripermltting the Huon will go on a pleasure excursion to Peppermint Bay on Wednesday, leaving ßi-ooke-street pier,at 9 a.m. ' Hhe will call at Oyster Cove going and coming if required. TRIP TO NEW NORFOLK.-On Wednesday the favourite steamer Monarch will make a trip to New Norfolk, leaving Franklin Wharf at 9.15 a.m., and returning from New Nbrfu]kat3 30p.m. GVMNASTIO AND StviMMiso.-Miss Mac- kenzie will attend at tho gymnasium, Barrack-square, to-day and to-morrow, be- tween 11 a.m. and 12.30 p.m., to enrol pupils for her gymnastic and swimming ' classes. I UNCLAIMED ^TELEGRAMS.,- Messages aailreBted Truscott, caro Hamilton ; Colin 'McDonald,'Telegraph Office; await,claim-, ants at the Telegraph'Office. , ', J ' uU \- JIonABT CITY COUNCIL.-A meeting of the Hobart City Council takes place at 4 o'clock this afternoon, when soveral mattera of im- portance «ill bo considered. CITY P. LICKCOURT.-Messrs. W. Torloton, P.M., and J. Blundstono, J. P., occupied tho Bonah nt the Cay Police Court last Saturday morning. William Ford and James La Scene were charged with feloniously breaking into the shop of Jamos Sargeant, Murruy. street, and stealing therefrom jewellery to the value of 1.50. The particulars of tho affair hate already been published. They were remanded unt 1 tho 12th inst. Thomas Warren waa remanded until the samo elate under a charge of larcony of two suitt of black clothci, remotod iiom tho shop of J. F. Crisp, Liverpool-htrcot, on tho 4th inst The vatua of the clothes «as sia'ed tobo £4 10a. It is thought that there ia a connect ion between the two robberies, which the police will doubtless have cleared up before tho prisoners aro tried. Thomas Rowell, for throning stones in tho Domain, was arrested by the New Town police, and fined 10s. G 1., or in default aoven days in gtol. Bernard lîalcomb, a lad who was »ummoncd on suspicion of being one of the I boy« conncclod with tho disturbance at the I Springs on tho 20th Novombor last, proved I an alibi and was discharged. RAHIUT DESTRUCTION.-The case Flttchtr j ti. Cameron was heard at the Evandale Police Court on February 4 by the Warden (Mr. Alfred Youl), Messrs C. Youl and J. L. Smith, J's.P. Mr. R. Byron Miller ap oeared for the prosecution, and Mr. O. G. Douglas for the défonce. In opening tho caso Mr. Miller urged tho necessity for land- owner rocognising t' cir responsibility under tho law which, like the much abusfä Scab Aot, was for the benefit of the country as a whole. If the goree, briars, and other rubbish were swept away and'good rabbit proof fences erected, there would not be the same chance for the spread of the post. Inspector Fletcher stated that the whole of Cap'ain Cameron's properties, about 27,000 acres, were more or less infestod with rabbits, and that so long as the gorae Was allowed ti 'grow wild, and o'd dead wood fences re- mained, at least six men would bo required to keep the post in subjection! Moreotcr these men would have to be kept at work destroying rabbits all the year round. Since October lost, with the exception of a little poi-on laid in a few places, the witness was of opinion that nothing had been done to comply with Boot'on 11 of the Rabbit De- struction Act. Thomas Hall, ov.rsccrfor Capain Cmicron (absent), admitted that the rabbits had increased since November, tho roison being that previous to that time the active measures taken by Captain Cameron had driven the rabbits on to Mr» Vinoy's property, where they had increased anil subBCiiuently re- infosted Captain Cameron's. The Bench considered the chargo c'onrly proved, fined defendant £10 and costa, and also allowed £5 5s. professional fee?. CAMBRIDGE AND BRIGHTON.-A Court of Revision for the electoral districts oi Cum bridge and Brighton will bo held at the Courthouse, Pontville, on Ki-bruary 20. NOT ME.-Mr. M. A. Fraser writes to say that he waa not the defendant in an action in the Supreme Court last week, Davits v. Fraser, against whom a verdict was returned. Y. M C. A. POPULAR SERVicrs. -The second of the series of services conducted by the "Y.M.C.A. was held in the Towu Hall last night. There was an excellent attendance. The Y.M.C.A. Band performed a few I musical selections on the Bteps 'of the hall bef re the services commenced. Mr. John Micfarlane was in the chair. The Rev. Enoch Turner, of Mel- bourne, delivered a telli"g address, and Mr. C. B. Birnett ami Rev. R McCullougb also spoke. Several of the young men gave personal testimonies and experiences. The meeting was charae-terised throughout by a zealousearnoetnessw hieb augurs well for their future BucceBs. It is anticipated that these services, specially urrangod lor the bouefit of the people, will be continued for some time to come. Sankey's songi and solos wore sweetly sunn by the clio r and heartily joined in by the audience. Bright and livoly selec- tions were also rendered on the organ which added much to the enjoyment of the meeting REV. G. C. Gnuim.-TIIÍB reverend gontleman is about to hold a series of evan- gelistic m etings in Hobart. Recognising the importance of t' e occasion, the Minis- ters' Association huvo resolved that a united prayer meeting should be held in tho Mechanics' Institute to night to supplicate the Divine blessing on Rev, Mr. Grubb's contemplated work. CLERICAL CHANGES. - We hear that several changes are about to take place lu the Roman Catholic Diocese, one of which is likely to causo great dissatisfaction. Father Grant, at present assistant priest at St. Mary's Cathedral, is to go to Launceston as assistant to Dean Bcechinor; Father O'Reilly, of Campbell Town, succeeding bim at the Cathedral ; Father O'Regin, vi the Church of Apostles, is to take charge of the Campbell Town Mission Father Grant bus made himself very popular in St. Muty's parish, and it is moro than likely that a deputation from the congregation will wait upon Archbishop Murphy with a view to his being retained ST JosBi-n's BAZAAR.-St. Joseph's bazaar has come to an cud, and the result is very satisfactory. In suoh times as thoeo, when it is customary to talk of financial depression, it seems somewhat strange to bear that when Satui day's recuipta (£30) were added to tho.e ontainod on the ntho days thero was a total for tho week of £310. Good business was done right up to the last, and as the hall was needed for occupation on Sunday eterything had to bo cleared away the same night. This WHS effected by half-past 11, and the weary ones tt era not sorry lo seek their rest. Ou the Friday evening the Rev. Father Hennehry thanked all who were present in the hall and all kind friends who were not there that even- ing for the cenerous assistance they had re- ceived, aud at both services in the chuieh yeoterdoy i efcreuco was mado to tho success of the lair, ProtestuntB especially being credited with having contributed, very largely to the hippy reBult, Amongst the winners in the ruffles was Mrs. htokdl, whose prize, a handsome altar, made and presented by Mr. P. Sheehy, Mrs. Sheehy veryj kindly presented to the ladies of the Presentation Convent. Mrs. St. Claii's handsome screen was won by Mfss Smith, and by her presented to Father Henuebry. Mr. George Kelly and Dr. Giblin were al o fortunate winner«. A considerable amount, of goods still remain on hand, and a supple- mentary bu/,'ar will be hold at Faster to dispise of them. MUSICAL.-Mr. William Mackenzie re- sumes tuition in voice production and sing- ing at the Academy of Music, Macquarie, street, on Friday. THEATRICAL -Tho Myra Kemb'e'Comedy Company tt ill play a short season at the Thca'ie Royal, .commencing on March 3. We understand amongst tho pieces to bo produced are those most umuting comedies, Dr. ¡iúL and Jane. THE BLAND HOLT COMPANY - This popular dramatic company left Hobart yesterday for Launceston, tv hera tiny will perform for a short season in the Academy of Music1. Trey will return to this city at the end of the \vo;k, and next Monday night will put ou the Theatre Royal the lutest Diury-lane succoiB, A Sailor's Knot. This will bo the first oi casion on which that powerful drama bas been staged in the Australiau colonies, and i-hould prove a grcnt attraction during the last week of Bland Holt's season in Hobart. MR \V. H. JUDE.-Mr. Judo,"the eminent composer, organist, and song writer, will occupy the Town Hall this evening, The entertainment with which Mr. Jude has de- lighted so many crowded audiences in the 0 _traita is something quite fresh and novel, ' and portrays, as its title , indicates, "* the sunny side of life." Mr. Jude is making a tour of the world, and it is safe to predict that be will be received here 'with such en tliusiasm as will justify him in remembering Hobart with warm affeetion The Press, notices from all parts of the world ar3 com- plimentary in the extreme, i Mr. Jude generally begins hi« evening by-first estab- lishing the most pleasant understanding be- tween himself and his audience, aud dis- courses in u style peculiarly his own on the ' items on the programme which he is about to render., Be sings and playa in th« most artistic style, and usually opens the evening with one of Dibdin's famous nautical songs or a composition of his own, by which Mr. Jude's hearers will be perhaps startled' by the originality and expressiveness of his intorpretation. Tren comes one of the 'orchestral organ fantasias upon which Mr. Judo is recognised as the first performer in the world. An original humourous skotch is then brought forward, entitled Jir*. Iiobimo'n's at Home which 'shows the difficulties an'l trials of Miss Harriet Robinson in bec pré- paration for the local musical examination. Tho first part of the progtamme concludes with that magnificent soug of Heniy Russell, " Tile ship on' fire." Mr. Jude will then show us a little of his skill on the great organ for which he is BO juBtly celebrated. Then we bave descriptive songs aud original mubic with humoiouB anecdotes, and another i laughable sketch called Uncle Jack's Xmas I Party. The performances are under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor > aüd Lady Hamilton, . ., WiRTn's GMSAT Snows. - On Siturday last the Messrs. Wirth Bros, did something that showmen do not often do-tlioy playou in opposition to thomsolvcs. Many requests vvoro mudo for a matinee in the tent for tho benefit of cbildicn, and in cimplying with them they, to a cortain extent, detracted from D10 open air show. The nttcmlanoo in tho tent was nn enormous one, and the youngsters saw- ami beard enough to last them for some considerable timo. At Risdon tliorc was ilso II very largo mustor, but unfortunately for f-o proprietors there were too many on the outsido of the fences. The open a'r exhibitions oontiined EOIIIO items that were worth going milos to see. Hendéis of Captain Mayne Reid'a talcs of prairio life liavo often ro fleeted on them suspiciously, and the ido-i of a lusso being thrown so ns to catch a bul- lock by one horn whon both horse and bul- lock «ero travelling a top speed has often boen ifoutod as inipossiblo lint tlicio isa cowboy in tho Wirth troupe who can do it. Ho cm catch a horse or bulloak when riding at full gallop just whenever ho ploasos. Io seo him and another lasso a bulloak by tho horn» and by the bind logs, one taking cm li end of the biast and stretching him out on tliegrouud in position for biauuing or what- ever a herdsman may want to do with hil», is something tiiat only thoso who have ever had anything to do with cattlo know how to approciato thoroughly. In a «ord, thoso mou ate expert as horsemen and expert with the lusso. The riding w as very good in every instance, and tho way in which ono of tho cowboys throw his horso was excellent Miss Madclino Wirth, on tho haodsomo black stallion, Bannockburn, rode like au nrtiite, and her daring per formanco in the liomin chariot race was decidedly interesting. At night there was a 'Capital performance ia tho tent similar to others that had picceded it, but none the lew pleasing. The riding exhibitions were of the first order of merit, and the tumbling very good iudced. The Komiin games are probibly as much likod as anything that is dono without the horses,thegrouping boing so well arranged that the costumes blend artisticaily, and the draperies have a re- markably pleasing effect. The performances aro to conclude on Wednesday evening, as the company leave for New Zealand on Thursday next. On Wednesday they assist tho Eight Hours Dtinonst ration Committeo on tho upper cricket giound, where they will givo exhibitions with the lateo, ana make tho day more interesting than it otherwise would be. The prices of admis- sion have 1)01 n reduced for the remainder of their stay in Hobart to 3s., 2s., and Is. FiHE.-A slight outbreak of fiio occurred on Saturday afternoon at the ironworks cf Messrs Kennedy and Sons, founders. It is supposed that sparks from a blast furnuce, which was in opcrat'on that day, fell upon tbo shinglo roof of the moulding shed. The tire was discovered in time and prompt measures wero taken to extinguish it. 'lite brigade were quickly on the scene. 1 SUDDKÎT DEATHS -Ellen Monteith, age 15 y ars, died suddenly yesterday morning at 22, Patrick-i-trret. hhe had just arrived from Sydney. Shebasbeouavictim to phthisis for some yesrs, and was discharged ai incur ab ofrom the Prioce Alfred Ho'pital, 8) dney. The infant son of Peter, Dilgrin, Albert Clarence Eric Dalgrin, died early yesterday morning from convulsions. Dr. Crowther, was sent for, but gave a certificate of death. No inquest will be held in either case. B'.tT.-On Siturday afternoon a boy named Hut-on was riding a horse in Liver- pool-street, when the auimal bolted, its rider jumping off and falling heavily to the ground. He was picked up by t'ie polieo und taken to the boipital warre be was detain d for treatment. HiBKi'.Ni.N SociEiv. -In consequence of the Kight-hour Demcnstration taking place on Wednesday the usual fortnightly meet- ing of the Hibernian Society will bo held to night. ' ïar. BHITISH BAKK.- 7ho British Bunk of Australia was referred to in tho Practice Court last Thursday (writes the ArgtuJ whuu Mr. Justice Hood stated that an ap plicat on had been made to him on the previous day, asking that the approval of the Court should bo given to the liquidators of the bank to borrow a sum of £10,000 from the City of Melbourne Bank, in order to 11 ko up a promissory- note now overdue, which was givtn IIB part payment for a city property situated at the corner of Elizabeth ami Littlo Collins streets. According to the affidavit of one of the liquidators, if this note were lakm up the balance of the pur chase-inoucy, some £G9,000, would not bo pa} able u til March, 1896, and in the mean- time the bunk hoped to dispose of the property ut an advantage. His Honor intimated that he did not consider that the application was one in which lie could make au order, though he thought that it would perhaps be oxpedioot to tako up the note. THE Evoi.fc.it AND AUSTKAMAN MOKT OAOK BAKK -The Age of Friday, writing of this institution mentioned in our telegram« lust week, slate0 :-The English and Aus- tralian Mo tj'iige Bunk, whose office is in Queen-street, deci led yesterday, In view of the heavy drain upon its resources, ciused by the withdrawal of deposits, to issue a cir- cular to the d positors, requesting thom ti agree in writlug to an extension of their deposits for three yiars from due date, bear- ing mteicst at the rate of 0 per cent por annum, other« iae the bank would be obliged togo into liquidation. Die company «as incorporated early in the year 1884, and made etealy progress each year in deposits. A London branch was es1 ubi shed, and out of a total of £930,178 deposited with the bank on ,'iOth September last £503,000 was lodged by Knglish depositors. At tho last genet ul meeting, held on Novemb rl9,1891, a Idividcud of 10 per cent., absorbing £15 000, was declared, and besides the re- serve fund was augmented by * sum of £2,500, i making , a total of £227,500, and carrying foi ward a balance of £14,(545 From that time a continual drain upon the de- posits was experienced, mid in four months a »um of £103,825 vvaB withdrawn. A cabio mcisage was yesterday »out to the London office anuounung the courso that the direc- tors bad adopted. The management states that the financial position of the institution is such that if the depositors consent to take the sfep suggested there is not the slightest doubt but that the institution will be nursed through its troubles without any difficulty or loss. A HOT COIINER. -Tito passengers by the up train from Port Fairy, Victoria, lait Fndiy, had a hot oxperionco at Camperdown station. During the coal strike some 3,000 tons of firewood wci o Btaóked between the station aud tho engine- house.. One of,tho stack', containing »bj.ut DOO, ton«/.cuui'l)t fire ou Friday. In the absence of the water supply the lire burnt fiercely, the llames íisiiig to a height of 50ft. Tliostalioninuster Btopped the Port Fairy train and had all the window s closed. Then it ran tho gauntlet of the fire to the station without damage.) What water vi as available liad to be played on the sleepers and the wooden sui round- ing* of the mgiuo-shrd to save thom. fui: KALSKTIQ VOICE.-Mr. E. Davidson Palmer, Mua Bac Oxui , calls the attention of scientific men to an apparently unknown fact in connection with voice production, this fact^s*y»the ISntilish Mechanic) has to do with the so called " fahetto" voice. The general opinion about this kind of voice is that it is something altogether unnatura1, end that it onghtnever to be used. Accord- ing to modern scientific thoor/cs, however, it is one of two or more registers, and is supposed to be intended by nature to bo used only at tbn upper extremity of the vocal compass^ But it is quite possible to produce this kind of voice at a much lower pitch (at leaH an octave lower) than that at which singers1 are ever taught to use it Produced in this way, it may be so weak and feeble da to bo practically useloss. I Still it i« possible so to produce' it, as men' aud singers well know.1 What they do not know, and what scientific men appear to boJ tjotally unaware of, is fiat it may be de- veloped at this low pitch, and not only developed, but completely transformed. When thus transformed, it losé« entirely its unnatural aud effeminate character; and heroines a, strong, manly voice, which Is easily mistaken for what is oomraonly called 'f chest voice," but which, unlike that kind of voioe, is «apable of bearing throughout its whole compass any strain that may be put upon it. 1 ) PATBOI. WAOOONS VOR DnoHitABps -The head constable of Liverpool hus recommended the adop'ton of a summary mode of dealing with drunken aud disorderly people in the street), which is in use in America. It con- sists in the organisation of a system of what aro called "patrol waggons, driven and guarded by policemen, and having a well in the centre fitted with a stretcher. The effect, it i« said, will re the quick quelling > of many noisy and often dangerous brawl« and disturbances, the safe aud speedy conveyance of violent prisoners, tho relief of the streets from the constant scandals caused by tbo dragging along of such prisoners, and the saving of the police from tho great difficulty and fré- quent assaults they experience in the dis- charge of this most disagreeable and trying duty. A handcart and stout leather straps 1 er vea the purpose in colonial cities. ¡A« a hair droning and renovator, Ayer1« Hair Vigor ii universally commended. It eradicates dandruff, eons eruptions of the scalp, Invigorates and beautifies tbo hair, and preTCnU Its iading or ta moi Vf- . ; ' 1/ j i i 