SMOKE HO To theieaders of the Australian Labour MoveiBent.~---TieyHihat make Ao£/ revo lutions only dig gmves for themselves.' The Wobkbb has received from -its solicitor in Brisbane (Mr. A. J. Thynne) notice of the disoonturaanoe of the Heaslop libel suit. ? The S. A. Legislative Council has passed the second reading of the Govern ment Conciliation Bill by 10 to 9 though it was Drevinualv reiaetad. Paper teeth are being manufactured in Germany. In Australia we have long been accustomed to the paper tusk in the form of Acts of Parliament' Dibbs hasn't yet-issued instructions to uuppreu public meetings at the ^ueenV statue in Sydney ; but will do so as soon as the Employers' Union gives the order. West Australia -Legislative Council has thrown out the Constitution Bill which went for one man-one-vote on a six months residence and abolished the £500 qualifica tion for members. BQWRAL (N.S.W.) gasworks on the first months' working under .municipal con trol Dhow a PU*fU uf £!M 12s. after paying' fcoo interest amh-all working expenses. There is no reason why all other monopo lies shouldn't be municipalised. Bishahch's brilliancy has been con-, siderably overrated, but his theory of evolution is not half so bad. He says : 'First theiB was the Creator, then germs; next Germans.' And— he should have added — 'lastly Bismarck.' M'Il wraith has been unloaded at Madras—' All well' His huge land grab jaws and capacious syndicate binjie were a source of wonderment to the natives. To the coolies he is a cheap labour monster from which they must fly for their lives. The captain Ot'the Port Glasgow was fined at Sydney £3 and £3 7s. for assaulting one of the crew, | Mo imprisonment for anything like t|»afc. What would have been done had it been the other wav about? The use of the Sydney Town Hall for holding a meeting to demand the release of the Broken Hill prisoners has been refused by the City Council. This kind of thing will continue bo long as the workers 'persist in electing moneybag aldermen. Traveller^ who call at Dateel station (Q.) for a meal or even a drink of water are sent to the homestead for a ticket for the ' soup kitchen.' Also when men are paid off on Saturday night they are re quested to leave the station on Sunday morning. AWATTSut Clermont and right along the main artery of Queensland workers are wearily humping Matilda with gossamer ration bags and not a ghost of a show of a job. But that state of things doesn't con pern the bank shareholders who run the Government A correspondent writes: 'After losing their last copper on a horse, gamblers generally pull up iu tho Divorce Court or get fished out of the Yarra. ' Out of the Yarra, certainly, but it is hard to see what there is in a stone-broke man for a pretty woman to fall in love with. Maut officers in the N.S.W. Army have leBs feeling for their men than they have for their dogs. If capitalism ever turns the military on the people there will be nnmoroiiB paw nf malign military tyrants perforated from the rear. This may be taken two ways. .T. MamvAV Day, teditor of the new Radical paper in Adelaide, says : I am a Freetraclar. But so long as we have Brirate rropertj i- land there can be no true free trade. And whilst it is permitted the workers receive lio permanent benefit either from Bo-ciill.'d Fre ? Trade or Protection. The la-idhola. r gets the advantage in either case. Sec. Toomey, Young branch A.S.U., co?oe.s ulonpf with another cooperative sch«m^. This time, to open a fimH tn ho 4^4—fol M.m|.t; l,illg Min urorjfHiggofjc heiiiK, it any -wm u;.-. He is sanguine mioush to «ay fiat if £2000 is subscribed 10,000 m.jn cm 1 « employed in the next 12 months. Gladstone is, fittingly enough, being asked by the managing committee of the World's Fair at Chicago to deliver an owning ceremony oration in May next. The-Q.O.M. never did got. beyond the ethics of buying everything, labour in cluded, in the cheapest market and pocket ing the profits. ~' The Voice— the voice of one crying in the cause of humanity— has struck a good note in AHttlniHg; hnt-iln li,!,, HJJ] fift,t to shut down on some of his long-winded correspondents and devote a great deal more space to short and pithy news pars if the average worker is to whet his appetite for social study on it. xto9«pitalist ^udSe ?°8ter returns to N.S.W., and the first thing he says is, that the people in England looked upon the monstrous sentences on Sleath and his mates as the verdict of an upright judge. According to Foster, the l'_people_pf England' are the 'three Jew moneylenders of Threadneedle- street. and— Exeter Hall. A usury company at Deniliquin (KS.W.) has reduced the art of farmer fleecing to an exact science. It keeps a regular battalion t)f bum-bailiffs always on hand for 'emergencies,' and pays a divi dend of 22£ per cent. As a general thing farmers up that way sow the seed, but 'the Co.' auctions the harvest). The times are pregnant with meaning To the man that «almly reflects. Remember the French Revolution^ ? Like causes product* like effects. Remember that, erejiow, the people On the necks of oppressors have trod ; Remember the voice of the people, When in wrath, is the voice of God ! W. E. P. French. The country in the Winton-Boulia (Q.) district is now as hot as Hades and the waterholes as empty as the Treasury. The Oloncurry to Winton mail man last week came on the track of a unionist) and his mate who were doing a dry -10 mile stage. He struck their swags and one article after another every few miles, till he came on tho poor young fellows some five miles from their proposed destination half-naked and quite dead. The progress of the world depends 'upon the men who walk iu the fresh fur rows, and through the rustling corn ; upon those wh_o__8ow__and reap; upon those whose faces are radiant with the glare of furnace fires; upon the delvers in mines and the workers in shops ; upon those who give to the winter air the ringing music of the axe ; upon those who battle with the boisterous billows of the sea: upon the inventors and discoverers ; and the taave thiukerB.— iNQBBliOM-i The postman has loft * Christmas card at the Wor^ek office with these words on the back : ------ -- — — Mr. E. Blackwett and Staff, ? : Comrades, ? Cordial greetinffs to ail and brighter hopes. ? Fraternally yourt, ? ? The Union JPrisonert.^ 18tk December, LS92. It is needless to say that greetings from their imprisoned mates are highly valued by the Worker staff who return the good wishes with added sympathy. Brisbane Courier says : The Commissioner of Police has obtained a number of adjustable steel handcuffs of an im provBd Pattern, a gang chain. Steveral police wbi&ties;, ancTbull's-eye lanterns. Civilisation is assuredly progressing. E. T. M'Dermott, a member of the G.L.tTj, who wrote in the N.S.W. edition of the Worker condemning the New Aus tralia movement, says that he has since Sot more light on the subject and now ighly approves of it. ? ? The Eucalyptus Oil Company that cut .WBgPR of nborigjnftls euipluy^d aupplviug gum leaves and sent the blackfellows out on strike, is the onlv comnanv ex hibiting at Chicago under the direct super vision of the Government. It would be ^interesting to see the list of shareholders. Chaffey Brothers are willing to settle with the Mildura jrrigatore on condition that they will submit to being skinned bare to the bones — in other words, if the irrigators who have their harvests cropped by the Chaffeys will agree to a law by which the syndicators can levy and enforce rates without appeal. Queensland was indeed fortunate in keeping the vampires out of the colony. Satb the Brisbane Obteryer : The many friends of the Rev. G. D.Buchanan will be pleased to laarn that he has commenced iiis mission i-y delivering three~lecturee in In vernese.jas well as preaching three times in three different churches in that burgh. What Buchanan's mission beyond notoriety and raking in the dollars is it might be of some slight interest to know. ; A $Cynuna (Q.) correspondent isays : The township is as the bottom of a dead sea, the droQghc is suokinft everything up in its soorahife ambraofi. Man tw rpnhl«s«fy drinlr. ing, squandering their hard earnings. They aVe desperate, hot knowing .which way - to go, no grass, no water' anywhere. Down the Djaman tina «U the cattle have been 'let rip,' the stockmen are all paid off, and, ere the new year, if rain does not oome, 200,000 head of cattle will have perished. A special agent of the U.S. National Bureau of Labour statistics sent to Pennsyl vania to report on the benefits, accruing to labour through the reign of 'Triumphant Democracy ' puts it so : Show me a place in Russia where the people are miserable and starving, and I will match it in Pennsylvania. Show me a community in Europe where the people have lost hope and are only waiting for death to release them from their ?ufferinge and I will match it In Pennsyl vania. Sir Wm Macgregor says that in New Guinea there is great want of a number of men with 'ome capital and a sufficient knowledge of the different branches of tropical agriculture to introduce new industries ar.d to show to the natives die results of. steady application under the peace and order of civilisation. ' As the result of ' steady application under the peace and order of civilisation ' is about the most damnable thing any punpiq can know the natives are wise if they let it alone. An engineer from England detects on the South Australian coast the stone from which Portland Cement 4s made'; a flock of syndicators swoop down upon in and secure the right to work it as a monopoly ; parliament, without any knowledge of its durability, decides that in the oonstruefeinn of the new reservoir- none but the local product. sha^J be used; and still not satis fied the cormorants whose ' industry ' is flilroady — |j1uUxUh1^ lu tun Hxtwnt nt its, a, 'cs«k'aTe~howIingTor yet heavier- duties with which to increase their divs. The Worker libelled Ovide Musin. and hastens to apologise. The Sydney Bulletin went crank about the same man, too, and must now likewise lift its hat to insulted genius. For, after all, it was not Musin who, in passing through the Darling Downs exclaimed irritably to his com panion ' Oh, nev«r mind ^e wenery, look after de tickets.' It was the showman who trotted Musin round, and whose business -of course it was to 'look after de tickets,' and the remark was made to the pianist, in whose soul one naturally would expect to 1 Cud u bpark of -enthusiasm for a landscape. A three volume novel could not end better. Says the Bankers' Magazine : ' Bond holders may be shocked to learn that foreign loans are simply debts of honour, but in practice that is what they resolve themselves into. When a State defaults it is master of the situation.' When a State does not default then the holy British usurer is boss of the situation. At present he has an 'army of occupation' in every Australian State. He^runs Legislatures, 'T-eTehce'T-orces (what a satire), and also the Imperial Navy. The latter may be used some day to enforce payment of his interest. Parkes makes at least one good point in his book when he says : Tho English Tory is, as a rule, an educated man who honestly believes that he knowa what is good for the people better than the people know themselves, and w'ho openly professeB what he believes, while the Australian Tory, with no claim, as a rule, to education or any other elevating quality, seeks to carry out his own will in public affairs, and to shelter himself under the cloak of democracy. Perhaps in his next book Sir Henry will tell us how far the second description applies to himself. Gympie workers will be glad to hear that as a result of the sweat they put into the now played out Great Eastern gold mine the modest sum of £139,000 has gone into the pockets of loafing shareholders and that the company itself has nearly £20,000 in hand. Managerial expenses, too, have been contracted on a most liberal scale. Commenting upon that fact the Financial Standard says : Messrs. Weld-Blundell, Romilly and Taylor have invested £105 iu the company between them, and they draw, or arp pnt.ifrW t0 diw, no lees than £800 per annum in the way of fees— truly a magnificent investment, each director holding, say, £85 in shares, and recouping him self to the extent of over £266 per annum. In peruBing the baiance^sheet we-come upom, ^ery^xtraofaTnary item. The shareholders are charged £600 for ' salaries' of consulting en gineers, Beor-itaryr clerks, and rent of offices. We know not if Messrs. Taylor charge all the companies to which they give office room £600 per annum for theBe salaries, but if they do we oan understand the origin of their wealth. 