. — ? r ? ? T ? _ THE THREE CROSSES. AST AUSTBAUAN STOKY. Specially Written foe the' Evening News.' ? £All Eights Eeseevted.J Commenced in the ' Evening News' on Saturday, Feb. 6.) CHAPTER XIX. — (Continued.) ~ She took the knife lie handed her and examined it. ' Oh, that will never do. It ?would take 10 minutes to kill her with that.' Going to her room she returned . with her flesh knife. 'Here,' said she, ' this will cut her head ofil at a stroke almost ; and when you cut, do it strong, it is merciful — thus!' (illustrating). An hour before the time, appointed for the )peration, one by one the members of the Eamily went to eee Graeie and kiss her, in ;ase they might never again see her alive. ' Now, you boys,' said Alice to each one ib he entered, ' if you dare to look miserable I will half kill you. Smile and took bright and cheerful j ' and they did their best to do so. It was a hard struggle for Sire. Owen to Eace the possibility of death, and yet look ;alm and happy, when the life of her only laughter was in jeopardy. It was doubly liard because her husband was so helpless and entirely incapable of sympathising with her, or even entering into the subject ndth any degree of reason, and Mrs. Owen was'- not a woman who had made many Eriends, chiefly on her husband's account, lest they should learn the secret she had guarded so . long. She mastered her jniotion, and managed her facial expres 3ion so well, that Graeie never suspected how her mother's heart was throbbing, ind how difficult it was to keep the tears in their cisterns, and not let them over Q.OW. ** Oh. ! mother dear, are you not glad that the time has come ?' whispered Grace ex-, citedly, as if afraid to raise her voice too high in case it ? should rouse her, and she should find it was but a dream. *?' When I am well, quite well, and that will soon be now, then I will not let you work any more, and make your ejes dim with that stitching.' ' May God grant it, my Grace,' said her mother reverently. ' The good God will, for I never did him any harm that he should have made my legs powerless, although Yarriih says it was Beaumanah who charmed me. They will be here in a few minutes now. Ah I I hear footsteps j I know that is Dr. Doutche. Kiss me once for my father dear mother ; there, and kiss him for me, poor dad.' After Alice had cut up her subject in the dissecting room, a thought had come to her that perhaps this spear point might be so embedded that to get it out it would be necessary to saw the bone in a wedge shape, not going too deep. When Profes 501 Cutmore came she explained her fear to him, at the same time telling him that if it was so she intended, cutting out the decay, and substituting a similarly cut piece from the backbone of -the -goat. . . _ . . . ' So do not express the least surprise if you. see me operate in that way. 1 shall liubstitute the bone while it is still alive, and it will graft in and become a part of Grace, just as a new piece from one live tree iitted into the stem of a growing tree will join and heal up. ' Dr. Doutehe will attend to the chloroform, and you will aid me,' she continued pointedly. ' Very well ; but really I think you are very experimentive. I should not be in clined to do so risky a thing. I think to cut out the abscess, and leave the bone as it is, if there is anything difficult about it, the -wisest thing.' \- Grace was an easy subject for chloroform, and was soon lying as helpless as a clod of earth, and might have been dead, bat that ever and anon she murmured words in which the name of her mother, Alice, and her lost brother Edmund, and Belle Bro m ley were all mixed up. ' She loves Edmund,' whispered she in a 'broken sentence. ' They quarrelled — andr— Ted — drowned' caught Alice's ear, and a new light fell upon JBeJle's conduct in choosing medicine aB a profession. The point of metal was embedded in such a way that to get it out, and the decayed bone with it, the cut had to be made just as Alice had surmised. Ephy waited in the sitting- room, and when Alice gave him the -word he flew to the outhouse, knife in hand, to dispatch the poor goat. But he found Jim there before him, who on hearing Ephy's footstep caught the creature by the throat. ' There, Eph,' said he, ' cut.' Ephy's heart sickened, and for a second or so his hand shook so that he could not grasp the knife firmly enough to do the deed. Before he could recover himself Jim had the knife out of his hand, and the head almost severed from the body. ' There, Ephy, it is done ; now hurry in with it,' Jim said. Excitement glowed in his big eyes, and he looked wistfully at the creature dying so hard, for it was young, and life was strong within it, as if lie would like to carry it in himself. Ephy gathered the sack around the creature, and carried it into 'the sitting room, as Alice had directed. She was just coming out of the door to go to the shed. ' Oh, I am so glad you are here with it,' said she, with a sigh of relief, ' I do not want Graeie to be too long under the in fluence.' Mrs. Owen, who since the operation began had spent her time -walking between her husband's zoom and the window of Grade's zoom, 'where she listened fox sounds of Grade's moaning or crying, but heard none, tried to stop Ephy and inter rogate him, but Jim came to Ms aid ae usual. « Don't keep Ephy, mother,' said he. *' they are waiting.' ' And what have they killed that goal for ?' Jim had no more idea than his mother but he thought of an old woman's yarn. ' They are going to skin it and wraj Graeie in the warm skin. You knovs people breathe and take in nourishment with the pores of the skin, for I read it ii one of Alice's ' books, and there is a lot oi food in a goat's skin. They -nrrap the fleshj side round;thfe persovf you imosK^motheiv' said he, quite with the air of a professor. Airs. . Owen sighed, and resumed her marching to and fro. 'God grant hew life to my crippled child,' prayed she .; ' she has borne her cross thus far on the road without a murmur, and surely a constant, petition cannot for ever remain un answered.' ? ? - Meantime Alice had dexterously cut from the animal the wedge of l-one neces sary, with such exactness that it iitted into, the gap where the diseased bone had been cut out. Dr. Doutche had uttered a protest -when he first fully understood Alice's in tention, but' the professor siding with Alice silenced him, although he mentally averred that it never could succeed, and considered Grace as 'sacrificed to the ex perimentive cuifpsity. of a woman. ,'. ' It 18 a wonderful operation,' said the professor, afters Graeie Had come out of the chloroform}^ and they were in the sitting- room together. ,*' Just look at that,' handing the pigje of fejpne with, the spear point embedded. ; . 'Now, did I overrate her ability as aiSurgeon ?' The doctor '^t6wled '«ome half coherent words as he to^k; the piece of bone in his hand.; It might have, been assent or dissent. . ? ' : ?. CHAPTER XX. ' Not so many button holes, if you please, Miss Bromley ; make your incisions less deep. I want you to skin this forearm neatly, and dissect it with great precision. You have been delayed so long |ta-t it is necessary for you to apply yoursenSclosely to your dissecting, otherwise I fear you will have no cnance of passing your first year. The flesh iB hard and firm, is it not ?' asked Professor Cutmore, squeezing the dead flesh between his finger and thumb. ' I — I — think so,' stammered Belle with out raising her eyes. ' Then skin carefully from the elbow down. I wish you to make special studies of both, the supinator and pronator, 'with all the minor veins and iine fibre between the ulna and radius.' It -was just six months since first we saw Belle Bromley in her caboose, urging her father to give his consent to her adopting medicine as a profession, and this was her first real lesson in dissecting. Notwith standing her great eagerness to begin with the dissecting knife, she did not do so .until after the summer vacation. A kind of low fever had kept her a prisoner fer some time, and the professor would not admit her to the dissecting-room until her health was re-eBtablished. And this was her first attempt at cutting tip a limb. Although she -was supposed to have quite recovered, she was still feeble from the enervating fever, and it was quite an effort to brace her nerves to make the first cut, especially as the professor was an onlooker. Her hand shook, and that caused the repri mand about button- holing the flesh. Alice had given her many.-a lesson in the mode of nerve bracing, but a first plunge of the knife into the cold dead flesh made the blood forsake her face, -and rush back to her heart in a flood. Professor Cutmore saw the grey hue stealing over her face and spoke encouragingly to her. He was accustomed to fainting among the male students, but such a thing had never hap pened among the females. . ' Nay, .do not be nervous ; cut just a little less deeply, and you will do very well. Just. glance occasionally at Miss Slattern, she can instruct you just as well as I can.' As Belle made no answer or effort at continuing, he took the knife out of her hand and skinned a portion of the arm. ' There,' said he, laying the skin back and returning the. knife, ' that is the -way j you will do very welL' Suddenly he remembered that Belle and Alice were not on the best of terms. Belle bad resented the operation being performed on Graeie Owen without her knowledge and presence. Alice had justified the course pursued on the score of Belle's ill health, but she failed to see it in that light. Professor Cutmore went to a table where two young women were finger deep in a diseased heart; after a few words of advice he passed on among the different groups of dissecting students until he had completed the circuit of the room and came to Alice Slattern, who had been covertly watching Belle for some minutes. A smile stole over her face as she saw Belle shrink as her hand e&me; in contact with the cold dead flesh. Thinking Belle about to faint, she hurried over to her and hastily said in a whieper — ' For heaven's sake bear up. All the boys are looking this way ; the impu dent young cubs have a twinkle in their eyes, which I know well of old — they think you are going to faint, and are just on the qui vive of expectation. So, for mercy's sake, brace yourself up, for if you did it would furnish food for ridicule for the remainder of the term, and it would be an unprecedented disgrace. Men students have shown the -white feather, but girls never.' Belle's table was at the extreme end of the dissecting-room, and Aliee placed her self in such a way that to look at her Belle . must turn her back towards the students. ? This would hide her face from the quizzing ; Bcrutiny of the male students and give her time to recover somewhat. »- Be courageous Belle.' ' Ugh ! but the odor, it is fearful,' shud dered Belle. ' I feel as if I shall die.' ?? Psha ! nonsense. And you made a i fuss because you were not a witness of the operation on Graeie the other day. How 1 xrould you have felt to see her back cut i open, if the mere fact of puncturing, a dead ; arm makes you ' squeamish ? A pretty surgeon you will make, truly. You had '? better come* over to the cottage and help l Jim to dissect his cats and 'possums j but \- it is only disinfectant you smell after all, ? so do not be chicken- hearted j the bodies ; are too well cured to smell rank.' ' But the blood,' shuddered Belle, for i getting to be angry with Alice, as sheliad been ever since the ooeratioa on Graeie. » «« Nonsense,' replied .Alice, content thai Belle was over her ' pet,' as she called - it. t ' What is that drop of blood ? No more than one would get- if they lopped off the \- shoulder of a dead carcass of mutton in tended for family use. There, smell my i , camphor. . Have you not brought some oi r your own ? You should never be without b it, especially in tk& dissecting-room. You l will soon get over the creepy; feeling, every E one suffers from it at first. All I the pro t f essor is At my table, so I must go over. I want to ask him a question about my sub ject ; somehow or other I don't like him. It is quite a new feeling to me, but some how when I touch him I feel as if a stream of lee water were running down my spine. I hope I am not getting your complaint.' ' My complaint ?' inquired Belle. ' Yes, fear o£. dead people, ghosts, goblins, anything. I will hear what the professor says.' ' Good morning, Miss Alice,' said he brightly. ' How is the little patient pro gressing?' alluding to Grace. . ' Oh, splendidly,' answered Alice ; ' yesterday was the ninth day, and every thing is going on beautifully. She is .so bright and cheerful, and her hopes are so high, that I often hesitate to converse with her on the subject of her recovery. Poor 1 little maid ; she expects to be able to use her legs almost immediately, and you know, of course, that such a thing cannot be. It will be j ust like training a little child in the first steps, and it will be a year at least before she is steady enough.' ' Yes,' said the professor ; ' if in a year she waits it will be one of the most won derful performances that has fever taken place, and quite worthy to find a place in the Lancet. Does Dr. Doutche' examine the wound every day ?' ' Yes, every morning,now, 'before I leave 5 but I must get on. There is only three months more before I have to face the tribunal again,. and you know it will be' a fiery ordeal ; for they say Plang will never allow me to pass. Do you think he will?' ' Professor Flang is a conservative in every sense of the word ; but he is an honorable gentleman, and would never sanction an unjust action, however much against his own inclination your success might be ; so I think on that score you need not fear.' ' I am so glad to hear you speak so con fidently on the Bubject, for, to tell you truly, if I fail now, I cannot go on another year. ? My means are almost exhausted. Now for my subject,' said she hastily ; did they not say this man died in a fit — a drunken fit ?' ' I am not sure.' ' Well, he cannot have been a laboring man, or one worked hard. He has no muscle and never had I should say — an idler, I suppose. I have now to saw the top of£ his skull, f cr Ellen Robb will dissect the other portion of the trunk. You see we are neither of us rich, and so have to econo mise, and this one trunk does for both. This is the last dissecting I am to do — the brain of this man who died in a fit. I wonder if this saw is sharp ?' — touching it with her fingers — ' I hate blunt instru ments, that hack instead of cutting.' ' How is the recruit doing ?' — -nodding his head in the direction of Belle, who was holding the skin of the forearm -with one hand whilst she made feints at cutting with the other. ' Oh, she will do by-and- bye. Will you ?watch me cut this off please, lest I go too deep ? What nice silky hair ; -I should think he must have been a young man. and handsome. I mean to unbandage the face and have a look at him when I have cut off his brain cap. I just want to see what kind of nose, mouth, and chin he has, to be sure if he has the dipsomaniac face — * round fat nose, weak wavering sensual mouth, chin without a point.' I often look at Mr. Owen's face, and wonder how it was that he became a stimulant craver — his face does not indicate the proclivity.' ' I don't know. 1 think it is hard to read a face ?with, correctness. There may be pages and pages hidden under the brightest cover.' Alice had been sawing away at the Lead, and the skull-cap fell on the table with a thud. Belle, unconsciously, as it seemed, found her way to the table where Alice was sawing, and, regardless of the blood stains on her hands and frock, stood breath lessly watching Alice perform. Alice held up the saw covered with matter. ' I did it pretty clean after all. I was afraid I had gone a little too deep.' ' Beautifully. You are a born surgeon,' said the professor. ' Now, -when you can use the saw like that,' — turning to Belle, but siie had gone back to her own table. ' Will you ever carry out your purpose, I -wonder,' said he, reverting to Alice's surgery, ' and become a public doctor?' Alice looked up from her work. ' Why of course I will* else why should I have -studied so hard all these years ? There is no other resource but to finish and go into practice. You do not think my becoming a medical student was a mere freak, do you?' 'No — oh, no ; and yet, I have often wondered why you chose it, you are so delightful in your domestic character ; but I Buppose that kind of life would not be sufficiently exciting for you ? Quiet home life -would have no charm for you?' said h» questioningly, with a wistful look in his eyes. Such a look of intense longing as he had never before seen . on any face illumined , Alice's pale visage and seemed for the moment to glorify it into beauty. (to be conxtsued.) A second B-osa BorLheur is Mdlle. Louisa Abbema, one of the best-known^ French lady artists of the day. Not that Mdlle. Abbema has as yet reached the eminence ot Eosa Bonheur,or even perhaps given proof of the genius requisite to attain that position. She resembles, however, Eosa Bonheur in that she dresses in masculine , attire, smokes when at her easel, and covets the , honor of the Bed Ribbon already possessed by her famous rival. How much, trouble he avoids who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or \- thinks, but only what he does himself, that it may be just and true. Men of character are the conscience of the society to which they belong. 