THAT DREADFUL THING. t ' Really, you know, I think you look q«iite well in your new position.' Thus itaily and facetiously I addressed a •>knil upon which I had bestowed much ••ft .rt. ' Your coloring is vastly improved' by your ether bath. If only your teeth had not besn lost. T supoose if rd refrained from putting them into that pill box marked, ' Take one morning and evening,' Williams would We paid them the compliment of being teeth, instead of strangling*pills, and packed them with you when he sent you on. * But never you mind, old chappie, I have thought of a way to; get some f ore teeth. I'll ask my dentist to slave me all he pulls—if he doesn't want them—and we'll rig you out in a Bub new set, and they won't he false ones. ; * Wherever you have a vacant lot in your j&ws; you shall have a nice little roofie. You could eves adopt the reprehensible habit of chewing gum, if vjou wished, though I'd rather you wouldn't i for—-a word in the hole where your ear used to be—you are ni»w too tough a ekull, chappie mine, for that sort of thing. You've a velvet cushion to ait on and ' functus officio' painted on your cranium, not to speak of having your lower maxillary articu lated with a wire spring. Suppose we nut you*" j*w out ot joint, my child. You have such a fetching expression when it's twisted to one side.' ' Then a terrible, thing happened: The skull spoke. It snid,' Be good enough to k^ep your bauds off me,' and said it s owly and firmly- Then there was a silence of upwards of five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position on my head, so inconvenient to lha working cap perched t here that it yielded to the persuasions of gravity* and sought the floor, My knees evinced a' fondness for each other's company, and my eyes -felt enlarged. t hadn't a smile during the day ; this was clenrly a ghastly reality. The old chappie continued to stare me in the face without winking, and the stillness gre w embarrassing. Finally e I jsaid, * Csaaar's ghost 1' > There was no reply. I waited some time, and silence still reigning, I began to - think tiiy ears must have de ceived me. I determined not to act rashly, hbwever; so feeling myself a dre& tful dolt l sajgl in a whisper : ' I beg jour pardon, but is it customary for skulls to speak ? 'When they are spoken to,' dame back promptly. My hair, which had just begun to seek a recumbent position, again assumed the perpendicular- I stepped beWd the table,and regretted that my pistol"was in a drawer of the. desk, on which the skoll stood. \- Nothing would have induced me to get it: the thing might have Jumped t at my head or bitten off my noise witb its articulated jaws. . . , . < So I . gazed at old chappie with feeling anything but affectionate, and mentally deuouunated him ' Old Devil.' 1 Bat after this internal ebullition of anger I broke into a cold perspirattoc. For all 1 knew he might be able to read my thoughts. If it was the man who WAS now making night hideous in this manner, why shouldn't he be able to step inside one's anatomy and read one's thoughts as fast as the *hinkiag machine produced them. Grood heavens ! I braced mi self for eternity, but the minutes went by and I still breathed the tn\indane air pulled myself together, Here I was six feet tall and a football player; was I to be brow-beaten-by that bony old thing ? I had always wished to see H ffhost if there were sueli affairs. There was evid«ntly a strong supernatural atmosphere rampant now. Why not make the most of it! Bo I reopened the conversation by timidly remarking, ' Well, I never knew skulls'.to speak b«tore, so why should v«»u ?' ^ Why shouldn't 1 ?' was the instant replv. He had such an easy assurance, did that skull, and his answers were so ready that though I knew that this time he was jus* copying from " Alice in Wonderland," still I was staggered. But I soim arew rnyselt up and remarked with dignity : 1 That is merely avoiding the question. * Then pray avoid questioning me.' Was he trying to wake a pun ? Instantly I lost some of the awe with which he had inspired me. I stepped out i'rem the table, put one hand on my; hip and assumed a slightly domineering attitudp.* I said : Considering that you come to me a greasy old skull, that I soaked you iH hot water and soda .far an hour,' scrubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out -of your ears with an hairpin , considering 1 bathed you in ether and benzine and suiined you on the conservatory root for months, with your lower maxillary tied to you by a pink tape and your teeth in a cigar box by your side ; considering the close intercourse all this entailed, and that during that time you never gave a sign of li^e, vou must acknowledge that it is strange you should suddenly develop the cower of speech * I acknowledge nothing. 5 replied the sententious little fool. 4 Ob, I wouldn't, 5 3 said, 'you might show some sense if you did that.' 4 Young man,' said the skull with an insulting drawl (1 ground my teeih) ' do not imagine that I enjoy talking to you, for I do not. I have merely protected myself from indignity - _ by so oing. . Should you ever again attempt o dislocate my" jaw I will work harm o one who you love.' ' Who,' I gasped. * Your fiarcee ' ' s * What do you know about her ?' * She was once my financee.' 4 Yours r •« Why not!,' ' You lie I I cried. No answer. * Didn't you lie V I asked, backing down. No answer. ««I'll go out and throw dust and ashes on my head if you wish, and will only forgive me. But wasn't it a—ex— mistake ?" What's somtimes called a «r—er—lie ?" « No,' replied the skull. ' I could not tell a lie.'. 'But how old is Marie thenl' my heart leaping into my mouth at the thought of my dear little love. ' Methnsaleh was an infant in arms compared to her.' «Great heavens ?' I cricd, 'look at her cheeks ; tbey are like rose leaves, and her chin is ais smoeth as a child You lie you know you do." No answer. « Didn't you He' Iffo answer. < Please excuse me, air, I only meant how can Marie look so young if she is so—if she isn't young f * The dead who'still live learn secrets, One is about a face paste containing no lend, bismuth, arsenic, or any other injurious ingredient, and superior to all other washes. The secret 19 to make sure of the trade-mark when asking for it. ' What is the trade mark?' I asked * I da not know. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater just to wear bones.' 'I don't believe yon even knew Marie. You lie—I mean couldn't you be mistaken' He gave a blood curdling chukle. ' That little broken tooth on the left side Of her mouth—I broke it' threw my skull at her after I was dead because she forgot me. There is small scar on her lip over the tooth—I made that too. Garoo 1 Garoo 1 Then my reason left me, for I had kisse > that star. I got down on my knees and my voice trembled. 1 Oh wonderful being, did—did Marie love - you. too?* 4 Madly, wildly, passionately, and devotedly*' « Did she ever say to you ' I feel that death, that eternity can never change our love; it will always be the same f f H< r exact words.' i* And yet she has changed. Will she also change toward me T ? Yes* One hundred years frem now year skull will be a bit of bric-a-brac in her drawing-room, and you will hear her say those very words to another man. Then in your anger you will discharge yourself at her head, as I did and she will have another little broken tooth, and another tiny .scar. We will then both belong to the order of' Catapult-skulls." * * Oh heavens!' I groaned, ' I cannot bear it.' I put my hand to my head to see if it still felt firm; then the room- grew dark. I heard a ringing sound, a devilish laugh. I knew no more* When I woke up I was lying on my bed—how came I there ? The sun was srreamiog into the room, the skull seemed to grin at m«, witb toothless j*ws and hollow eyes. I sduddered and felt so faint, "that I took a pu'l of brandy I had a etern task before me. > I got a wooden box and placed open beneath the edge ot the de Then I poked the skull off the shelf with, an umbrella He fell into the box with a crash ; it made me think a catapult's. I did not look to s»e the beast was broken. lfLmg the lid on and jumped upon it. Then I nailed down. It was still early morning. I cr«»»t down to t!»e rivfr-r and flung in the box. For weeks I was miserably ill- Then I. went to the Azores on a sailing vessel jand was aw*»y two montht. After my return mother s-iid to me one day : t4 . By the way, did you know that, vour brother has be-^n studying ventriloquism tor three or four mouths 1 He has become very proficient at it.' I am still trying to earn Mari<-\s forgiveness tor two months' silence and^ absence, and lor being a gullible io-beifc For my brother I ftiu layiag low.— Detrvot Free, Press- 