I GENERAL NEWS. I THE CHIEF SECBETARY.-The Hon. G. C. Kingston is Btill confined to hie house suffering from rheumatism. THE EXPLOSIVES CONFEBENCE. - Mr. C. Napier Hake, the Government Inspector of Explosives in Victoria, arrived in Adelaide on Friday morning for the purpose of conferring with Professor Rennie on the subject of creat ing separate magazines for the storage of ex plosives. It has been arranged that, accom panied by Professor Rennie, Mr. C. E. Owen Smyth, and Mr. Searcy, of the Customs De partment, Mr. Hake shall inspect the maga zines to-day, and also visit different localities for the purpose of coming to a conclusion as to the best site for a new magazine. THELABOUB BUREAU.-In accordance with the promise made by the Commissioner of Public Works on Thursday to a deputation representing the unemployed, the Labour Bureau was reopened on Friday morning at the back of the new Government Offices. Mr. Hood was in charge, and a considerable num ber of names were registered. Up to 1 o'clock Mr. Hood had taken the names of 160 men, about 45 of whom are single. The period during whioh they had been out of employ ment varied from two davB to two years. MoBt of the men described themselves as labourers, but there were brickmakers, miners, carpen ters, masons, an enginedriver, pipe moulder, i toreman, tinBmitb, fitter, and a confectioner. INDIAN RESIDENTS IN BOOTH AUSTRALIA. On Thursday the Minister of Agriculture (Hon. W. Copley) made arrangements for the visit of Mr. Christie to the Clare district. Mr. Christie represents a number of ex Indian Civil servants, who are anxious to settle in South Australia and engage in fruit growing, and he is travelling through the coun try to see the land and judge of the best localities. He left on Thursday afternoon for Farrell's Flat, where he was met by Mr. Gillen and driven to Clare. Mr. Christie will visit the Tanunda and Angaston district before going to the South-East to see the land on which Mr. G. Riddoch is anxiouB to es tablish a fruit-growing colony of people. BLYTH AND GLADSTONE RAILWAY.-On Thursday afternoon the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin presented a petition to the Commissioner of Publio Works from a large number of residents in the districts of Snowtown, Magpie Creek, and Gulnare, who asked that the junction of the Bly th and Gladstone Railway should be at the junction of the five roads on the boundary of the Hundreds of Boucaut and Hart. Mr. Jenkins mentioned that another petition had been presented in favour of another locality being chosen, and both requests would be con sidered and reported upon by the Railway Commissioners. COUNTRY INSOLVENCY COURTS.-A statement in this week's Government Gazette shows that during 1891 three estates in insolvency came before the Port Augusta Insolvency Cpurt. The total liabilities were £1,121 14s. 2d., and the assets £1,069 5s. 3d. At Moonta in thir teen estates the liabilities were £4,849 and the assets £2,712. MB. H. M. STANLEY.-The public interest in Mr. H. M. Stanley in Melbourne (writes a correspondent) is aB great as ever. This week, on his return from New Zealand, he haa been giving his third series of lectures, and crowded audiences have assembled every night. The whole colonial tour being limited to four monthB, the great explorer has only been able to visit two or three of the large country towns in Victoria, so that a goad many visitors by the farmers'excursion trains which are being run to Melbourne this week have availed themselves of the opportunity for seeing the man who found Livingston. Mr. Stanley will apparently travel overland to Adelaide, for he is announced to give a fare well lecture in Ballarat on March 8, and he gives his opening lecture in Adelaide on the 10th. TESTING LEIGH'S CREEK COAL.-On Friday morning the Directors of the Leigh's Creek Coal Company interviewed the Railway Com missioners on the subject of practically testing the coal from the Company's property on the railways. The Directors offered to comply with the custom of supplying free of cost 20 tons of coal for trial, and the Commissioners agreed to send trucks to Leigh's Creek to bring the coal down to Quorn and Port Augusta between which two stations trials will be made in about a week. Between 30 and 40 tons o the coal has been raised, and it is ready for tracking. MUTUAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY OP VICTOBIA. -Mr. J. H. D. Davidson has been appointed Secretary to the South Australian Branch of this Society, the local Board of Directors being Mr. Caleb Peacock (Chairman), Mr. M. P. F. Basedow, the Hon. Jenkin Coles, and Mr. John Darling, jun. BEOEEN HILL WATEB SUPPLY.-The water trains from Mingary. are still running to Broken Hill at intervals. A regular Bervioe is not necessary now, because the late rains partially filled the tanks and other receptacles belonging to the residents. At the same time the supply thus obtained was only small, and it is imperative that water trainB should be sent occasionally. They will be continued until the residents intimate to the Commis sioners that the service is not required. A DINNER TO MAJOR GOBDON.-A farewell dinner was given at the Adelaide Club on Thursday evening by the members of that in stitution to Major Gordon, who left yesterday on a month's leave of absence for Melbourne, where he iB to be married. A number of appropriate speeches were made, and the Major was heartily congratulated, numerous wishes being expressed for his future happi ness. The marriage ceremony will be per formed by the Archbishop of Melbourne on Monday. CHINESE IN WESTERN AOSTBALIA.-A recent visitor from Western Australia states that in consequence of the action taken by the South Australian Government the Premier of Western Australia (Sir John Forrest) has adopted stringent measures for preventing an influx of Chinese on the mining fields, and that the Government of the western colony will not allow Chinese any mining rights whatever in that colony. HOMESTEADS LEAGUE.-The meeting of the executive was held on Thursday, Mr. T. H. Brooker, MP., in the chair. It was reported that the Hon.,D. M. Charleston had, as re* quested by the committee, Visited Kapunda, where he found that the obstructions alleged had all been placed in the way of the settle mentof the Police Reserve as working men's blocks. The League, however, hope that before long these may be overcome. In reply to enquiries, the survey of the land at Gawler was stated to be nearly completed, and it is promised that allotment shall take place as early as possible, that the approaching season may be availed of. The Mootooroo blocks are also being pushed forward by the Government. It was stated that applications for the blooks at Petersburg are coming forward freely, allotment to take place in about three weeks. The Chairman reported on behalf of the party that visited Goodwood that they were much pleased with the work done and progress indi cated on the eleven five- acre blocks there. The meeting approved the plan adopted by the Government in British India for advances to small holders oi land, as related by the Hon. Mr. Deakin, of Victoria, viz.-" Improvements are defined to include any work which adds to the letting value of land." The meeting desired that a start with loans to blockers should be made without keeping the whole number of applicants in a state of suspense. The committee, while regretting that it was too late for the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society to combine a blocker's Show with their own next month, were pleased with the result of the efforts made by Mr. Brooker, and of the Sec retary, and with the concession of the Society that they " hoped to be able to display their exhibits at the next Show." It was resolved that the next exhibition of blockers' produce should be in the Town Hall Exchange room as heretofore at the end of March, when it is expected that with the attraction of a revised prize-list, and the advantage of longer time upon the land by many of the settlers, there will be a good display of various kinds of produce. A committee was appointed to make required arrangements. TBCST ESTATES.-According to a long re turn in this week's Gazette the balance in the trust estates in charge of the Public Trustee on December 31,1891, was £101,576 17s. Od. THE ECHONGA GOLDFIELD.-Fairly good reports still come from some of the " stickets" at the Eohunga goldfield. About 100 men are at work. Mr. Bulman and hiB partner have an average of about 4 oz. a week, and another couple are washing an aver age of 18s. worth a day. Of course there are some diggers whese enterprise is not being rewarded as they would like, but it is believed | that a large proportion of them are getting I at least enough to encourage them to continue working. EXCHANGE OF ZOOLOGICAL SPECIMENS.-The Sells Brothers have while in Adelaide negoti ated with Mr. R. E. Minchin, Director of the Zoological Gardens, for the exchange of a tiger for a lioness. The firm have also pro cured a number of Australian birds and snakes and a few monkeys. The reptiles in cluded two boa-constrictors and a carpet snake, which will be used by Madame Delamaginta in her snake-charming performances. We understand that during her sojourn in Ade laide Madame Delamaginta has been unfortu nate in losing some of the reptiles through death. Mr. Minchin informed us that Messrs. Sells Brothers had told him that they had never seen a finer collection of animals in Europe or anywhere else than that of the Ade laide Society. POET GEBMEIN AND ORROROO RAILWAY COMMISSION.-The first meeting of this Com mission was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. | L. Grayson, M.P., was appointed Chairman, and Messrs. T. Harry and L. L. Furner joint Secretaries. A DISTINGUISHED Visrron.-The Rev. H. W. Horwill, M.A., who has been travelling from England in company with His Honor Chief Justice Way, and who expects to reach Adelaide this morning, is the son of a well known English Bible Christian minister. He was educated at Viotoria College (Jersey) and Shibbear College (Devon). Having won the Dyke Scholarship Mr. Horwill went to Oxford, where he had a most successful career. In hiB second year he obtained a first class in classical moderations. He also gained a "good second" in his B.A. (red-ribbon) exam. Shortly after leaving Oxford he com peted for the B.A. exam, in the London University, and came out next to the medalist. Not >satisfied with this brilliant achievement, he attacked the London M. A. classical exami nation, and outstripped all comers, winning the gold medal. He is well known as a ready and racy writer, his contributions to the Brilith Weekly, the Theological Review, and the Contemporary Review having marked him as One of the leading writers for the English Press. Mr. Horwill is announced to preach to-morrow in the Bible Christian Church, Franklin-street. SHALL FIRE AT NORTH ADELAIDE.-The Fire Brigade Station received an alarm from Buxton-street, North Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, and immediately the two reels went tothescene. It was found that the fire was at Mr. J. Miller Anderson's house. The flames were confined to one of the bedrooms, and the furniture and window blinds were damaged. It is supposed that the fire was caused through the accidental ignition of matches. A LANDLORDS' AND AGENTS' ASSOCIATION FOE POET ADELAIDE.-On Friday afternoon a meeting of gentlemen interested in house property was held at Sir. Denton's Board room, Port Adelaide. After some disoussion it was decided to form a Landlords and Agents' Association, and a committee was appointed to draw up rules, &c.; The idea of the Association is to protect property-holdprs from being imposed upon. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Oflicednring the week ended Saturday.February SO, 1892, were:-Births, 107males, 97 females; deaths, 55 males, 33 females; total, 204 births, 88_ deaths. Excess of births, 116. The District of Adelaide.-Births, 1G males, 20 females; deaths, 24 males, 16 females; total, 36 births, 40 deaths. Excess of deaths, 4. THE TBEASUBEH.-'The Bon. W. B. Roam Revell (Treasurer) left for Melbourne oil Wednesday for a holiday. He is not certain how long he will be away. The Hon. C. C Kingston win act as Treasurer during Mr. Rounsevell'a absence. JUDGE BOUCAUT. - His Honor Judge Boncaut was at Wednesday's Executive Council meeting, granted twelve months' leave of absence- on full pay, and he will leave for England on Maroh 16. He will stay in India for a time, and will be joined there by his daughter. LANCE-CORPORAL WATEBS.-On Wednesday Lance-Corporal Waters, of the Northern Terri tory, who brought down the aboriginal con vict Tommy Dodd a fortnight ago, was granted three^months' leave of absence. DEATH FROM THE BITE OF A FLY.-An ex traordinary death ooourred yesterday at Ascot Vale {says the Melbourne Standard of Feb ruary 23). It appears that a youth, nineteen years of age, named Thomas Rose, who resided with his parents in the Parade, was on Thursday last bitten on the eyelid by a fly. The bite soon caused the eye to swell to such an extent that Drs. Dickinson and Anderson were called in, but although everything possible was done the swelling extended to tho neck, which became twice. its ordinary size, and yesterday death occurred from blood poisoning. The deceased was a nephew of Mr. Rose, J.P., of Ascot Vale, ana was very popular amongst his associates. A FAST RUN.-Messrs. George Wills and Co. received on Wednesday cable advice from London that the s.s. Culgoa (belonging to Lund's Line of steamers) arrived in London on Monday morning last, February 22, having made the run tome in the exceedingly fast time of forty days. A CHILD SCALPED.-A painful accident (says our correspondent) happened to a little boy, aged about three years, son of Mr. I. S. Evans, butcher,' of Brighton, on Tuesday, February 23. Mrs. Evans had placed a'pot of boiling fat within reach of the child, and while her back was turned he pulled the pot over, the contents badly scalding his right hand and arm, his clothes saving his body. Dr. Finniss, of Glenelg, was sent for to relieve the little sufferer. THE NEW SCHOOL DISTRICTS.-The Minister of Education (Hon. W. Copley) has given directions for the preparation of the new schedule of school districts, and on Wednes day Mr. Copley devoted some time to the divi sion of the North with which he is acquainted. When the new districts are ready a proclama tion will appear in the Government and Education Gazettes. The names of the Returning Officers will be given, and notices will be exhibited in the sohools, post- offices, and police stations of the colony. The eleo tion of the Boards will take place on the last Saturday in April. RESOLTS OP FREE EDUCATION. - Upon enquiry at the office of the Inspector- General of Schools on Wednesday we learned from Mr. Hartley that compared with January of last year the attendance at the publio schools during January, 1892, represented an increase of nearly 3,500. In January, 1891, there were 258 public schools open, and the average attendance was 22,949. Last month there wTre 266 publio sohools open, and the average attendance was 26,583. Many returns from the provisional school teachers are not yet to hand, so that it is impossible to give the average attendance for the whole colony. It IB not expected that there will be any great increase in the provisional schools. THE HOSPITAL WOBK STOPPED.-Mr. Rogers, the contractor for the erection of the eastern wing of the new Hospital, has been compelled to discharge all of the masons em ployed on the work owing to want of building stone. Tarlee stone is being used in the build ing, but the supply has been interfered with, and the consequence is that the work is practi cally at a standstill. The contractor for the supply of the stone blameB the railway authori ties for not supplying trucks, but this oharge is repudiated by the offioiala, who say that trucks were available, and, therefore, that stone could have been sent down. PERSONAL.-We taks the following from Ti-uth and Progreet:-The Rev. A. Metters has resigned the pastorate of the Churches at Laura and Appila to take the oversight of the Churches at Georgetown, Cloverhill, and Jamestown. Rev. Charles Bright; who is at present preaching at Norwood, is the minister of Bathurat-street Church, Sydney, which recently celebrated its fifty-fifth anniversary. The Rev. W. Stott has declined the oall to the Baptist Church, Christohurch, New Zealand, believing he can do more and better work among the Churches in England. Fifty- five years ago, February 14, 1837, Pastors Abbott and Finlayson, sen., anchored in Holdfast Bay. These venerable and venerated brethren met for "breakingof bread"at Zion Chapellast Sunday. There, to a large company of Christian friends, tbey recounted all the way that God had leathern. The narrative of their trials and joys was moBt touching, and many were deeply affected. The Rev. W. Clark, who recently supplied the pulpit of the Norwood Baptist Church, has accepted a call to the pastorate of the Baptist Church at North Carlton. The Rev. C. Frisby Smith, in con junction with the Rev. W. Gilmour, has just concluded a successful mission at Beryl-street Church, Broken Hill. Rev. Archibald G. Brown, who ia spoken of as Mr. Spurgeon's sucoessor at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, cele brated the jubilee of bis present pastorate on January 3, when a cheque for £600 was pre sented to him by hiB people. The East London Tabernacle, where Mr. Brown preaches, cost £13,000, and there is a member ship of 2,255 persons. SOUTH VTOTBAIIAN V. SOUTH AFBICAN WATTLE-BARK.-A South Australian firm of merchants recently received from London a Bampleof the wattle-bark from South Africa, whioh is now entering largely into the home market. They sent it to the Director-General of ForestB in Sydney for a report, and the fol lowing has been received"I have analyzed the sample of powdered or rather ground bark, stated to be wattle-bark from South Africa. It contains 29'95 per cent, of tannic acid, and 53*5 per cent, of extraot. It ia, therefore, far inferior to the best broadleaf South Australian bark, and inferior even to the Bargo thinnings." THE NEW FIBE BBIQADE STATION. - The tender of Mr. N. W. Trudgeon for the erec tion of the new Fire Brigade Station in Wake field-street has been accepted, and the building will be ready for oooupation in five months. The contract price is £3,290. MOUNT BARKBB SHOW.-The Governor has Sromised to attend the annual Show of the ^fount Barker Agricultural Society on March SIB JOHN BEAT.-On Monday morning the Treasurer received a cablegram from Mr. Deering, the Assistant Agent-General, stating that Sir John Bray and family had arrived at Brindisi, and expected to reach Plymouth on February 26. CAPTAIN HENNIEEB.-On Wednesday the Executive Oounoil appointed Captain Henni ker Clerk of the Council in succession to Mr. Colin Campbell. RUSSIAN FAMINE RELIEF FUND.-Daphine, 5s.; Mrs. E. Garrett (Port Lincoln), £1. DB. BABKABDO'S HOMES.-Mrs. E. Garrett (Port Lincoln), CI; J. V. L., 2s. (id. SottTHEBN ITEMS.-We take the following from the Mount Barker Courier of Februaiy 19:-The amount of flux and firewood aenb away from the Mount Barker Railway Station last week wasIronstone and marble flux, 150 tons; firewood, 23 tonB. Last Saturday's - Begitter oontained a paragraph aoout May Scott, about fourteen years -of age, a daughter of Mrs. Scott, of Carey's Gully, who had been missing einoe last Tuesday. On the daythe S'rl was reported as missing she turned up at bunt Barker, having walked from Carey's Gully with the determination to seek a situa tion here as servant. She obtained an engage ment almost immediately, and since then has communicated with her mother. The girl gave as her reason for leaving home the poor circumstances of her parents.-A bush fire broke out on Sunday morning in Vernon Park, about two miles from Woodside (the property of the late Mr. John Martin), and spread with great rapidity in the scrub landt the hot, diy atmosphere favouring its extension. A large number of volunteers a o cmoe jutned out, and aided by a ohange of wind, managed to confine the fire to the scrub. On Monday the fire kept extending southwards, but the workers did not cease their efforts and prevented much* damage being done. Having got a good hold of the heavy timber the fire will take a long time to burn out, but so far very little damage has been done, with the exception of some fencing being destroyed. THE TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY SCHEME. -The Melbourne ffera'd of February 18 dis cusses in its leading columns Mr. Price-Wil liams's Transcontinental Railway scheme, introduced to public notice by the Observer, ana! remarks:-"A transcontinental railway system: iB, indeed, an indispensable factor of the pro blem of defence, and it would therefore pay the Australian Governments well to take the whole matter into careful consideration, and to support to the best of tbeir power any just and tangible scheme, reserving, of oourse, such powers to Parliament as will prevent the people from being robbed as they are by American Railway Rings." -The Melbourne Standard observes: - " All the eastern colonies of the Australasian group will be benefited by the scheme. Queensland will need to shoot out a feeder to tap the branch from Barrow's Creek, and New South Wales from Hergott. There are certain difficulties in the way, no doubt, but they can and will be brushed away. The propositions of the English Syndicate have yet to be studied, but there is much of promise in them." COHPLIHENTABY.-On Friday week the em ployes cf Mr. J. T. Fitch, of Rundle- street, met at the York Hotel to bid farewell to Mr. S. Bioxsidge, who, after being in Mr. Fitch's employment for twelve years, is going to Western Australia to occupy a new position. There was a large attendance presided over by Mr. W. B. Dorman. Mr. Bloxsidge's health was enthusiastically toasted, and Mr. W. G. Welsh, on behalf of the gathering, presented him with a handsome album, and along with Mr. Bjrae bore testimony to the deserved popularity of the reoipient. Mr. Bioxsidge gracefully returned thanks, and spoke of the excellent terms that bad always subsisted1 between the employes and Messrs. Fitch, and of the honourable reputation which, the firm had earned in the colony, a sentiment which was heartily applauded. THE VIOTOBIOOS IBISH TEAM.-A meeting to consider the best means of reoognising the viotory of the Irish team in the recent tug-of war was held in St. Franois Xavier's Hall oil' Friday week. Mr. P. McM. Glynn, B.A., LL.B., presided over a large and enthusiastic attendance. The Chairman, in explaining the objeots of the meeting, remarked that the Irish race were remarkable for their prowess in any thing that called for brilliancy. Their reputa tion had been well sustained in the recent oon test. Though perhaps not so well trained as other teams, their physique and the honour of tbeir country stimulated them* on to victory. Councillor Whelan moved - "That in the opinion of this meeting a subscription-list be now opened for tbe purpose of presenting a gold medal and a photo of the team to the vic torious team." He was sure that every Irishman' and Irishwoman throughout rejoiced at the dis play made by their countrymen. Their victory had raised up a great spirit of enthusiasm, and it was only fitting that some lasting memento should be presented. He suggested that the presentation Bhould be made on St. Patrick's Wight. Tbe resolution was carried amid great applause. A committee, consisting of the Chairman, Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, M.L.C.* Messrs. J. Bradley, M. Mannion, P. Whelan,. F. Duignan, P. MoCabe, C. C. Hanlon, E. McHugh, P. Dooley, J.P., P. Sheedy, J. J. Holohan, J. B. Broderick, J. Healy, M. J. Stapleton, J. Ryan, and J. J. Clarke, was appointed to reoeive subscriptions. Mr. J. Murphy was appointed Hon. Treasurer, andi Mr. F. B. Keogh Hon. Secretary. A subscrip tion-list was opened, and about £30 reoeived. GOOD TEMFLABS.-The annual Grand Lodge Sessions in connection with the Independent Order of Good Templars were inaugurated on Sunday afternoon, when a service was held in the Adelaide Town Hall. The members of tbe Order, together with membersof the various TentB of tbe South Australian and Albert Dis tricts of the Independent Order of Rechabites, the Sons of Temperance, and members of the W.C.T.U. met at the Rechabite Hall and formed a procession, tbe participants in which were all attired in regalia. The procession was headed by the City Volunteer Band, who dis coursed appropriate musio. At the Town Hall, where there was a good attendance, Mr. M. Wood Green presided, and after Mr. J. J. Green bad read the lesson Brother the Rev. F. Hastings delivered an address. He took as a motto "Oh men of God there is death in the pot." He referred, to the evils of drink, and the necessity of everything being done to stem the tide of drunkenness and its effects. During the afternoon Miss Stevens sang a solo, and a number of hyms were sung. IiATKtt LETTER FEOM MB. SPUBGEON.-Oa Sunday, January 10, tbe usual letter from Mr. Spurgeon was read to tbe people assembled at the Tabernacle. After referring in a hopeful strain to the improved Btate of his health Mr. Spurgeon wrote, and the words oome to us now (says Truth and Progrett) as a voice from the Great Unseen:-"On looking back upon the Valley of the Shadow of Death through which I passed so short a time ago, I feel my mind grasping with firmer grip than ever that everlasting Gospel whioh for so many yean I have preached to you. We have not been deceived. Jesus does give rest to those who come to Him, He does save those who trust Him, He does photograph His image on. those who learn of Him. I hate tbe Chris tianized infidelity of the modern school more than ever, as I see how it rends away from sinful man his last and only hope. Cling to the Gospel of forgiveness through the sub stitutionary sacrifice, and spread it with all your might, each one of you, for it is tbe only cure for bleeding hearts. Peace be unto you as a whole, and peaoe be to each one. I greet with wholehearted gratitude my brother, Dr. Pierson, and, with unfeigned love, each ; deacon, elder, and member and worker. My | own dear brother in the flesh is also ever watching over tbe conoeniB of our great work. May the Lord Himself keep watch over all. To Mr. Stott I wish a long and prosperous ministry where the Lord shall direot him. Yours ever lovingly, C. H, SPDEGEON." "POISONING RABBITS.-Messrs. A. M. Biok tord & Sons, chemists, of Adelaide, have pre pared the following directions for the nee of poisons in the destruction of. rabbits: "Phosphorus-1To phosphorize *heat you require a mixing maohine, carbon, bifiulph., phosphorous, flour, and sugar. Take 10 lb. flour, 10 lb. sugar, mix well together, then .gradually add two gallons water so that it is not lumpy, put into eight gallons boiling water, and boil fifteen minutes, continually stirring that makes the paste. To dissolve phosphorus 'Use one quart. carbon, bisulph., two quarts water, 6 lb, phosphorus put together, The phosphorus soon dissolves, and the water prevents the evaporation of carbon, bxsmph. Put 60 lb. wheat into the maohine. Mix 8 oz. ?dissolved phosphorous with two quarts paste, stirring with a stick. When mixed add to wheat, turn the handle, for ? three minutes, when all the wheat will be pbosphorised. Strychnine-'Take 4 lb. flour, 4 lb. sugar, mix well, then add gradually 4 . gallons of water, 2 oz. soluble strychnine, boil for half an hour, stirring continuously-this paste will keep any reasonable time without turning sour. Dip the sandalwood twigs into . the paste, and put out for the rabbits to eat. Arsenic is used in a water solution. Take 1 oz. arsenic, 1 oz. washing soda, 1 pint -water, boil two or three minutes. This can be added to one gallon of water for rabbits to ? drink, or it can be used by dipping the twigs into the solution, letting them remain some time in the solution to absorb as muoh arsenic . as possible, then put out for the rabbits to ? eat." THE NOABLUNGA VAOANCIT.-The Speaker of the House of Assembly (Hon. Jenkin Coles) . on Thursday issued a wnt;deolaring vaoant the seat in the House of Assembly for Noarlunga ? oooupied lately by Mr. O. J. Dashwood. The ?date for receiving nominations has been fixed for March 19, and the election for the follow- | ing Saturday, March 26. THB PBIVATE SKOBETABJ.-Captain Hen niker is to be appointed Private Seoretary to His Excellency the Governor, and _ Lieutenant ! Milner will take the position of Aide-de-cainp j when he arrives from England. j THB RAILWAY RECEIPTS.-Although the .railway revenue has been seriously reduoed by . the failure of the harvest, the Commissioners -.are in the happy position of being able to -state that they are £26,000 better off than they were at this time last year, and there are only four months to go of the finanoial year. For the first seven weeks of the year - the revenue \- amounted to £173,170, the receipts daring the same period of last year being £186,383. The J second week in January has been the best for ] the railways this year, the revenue amounting to £25,920, or only £128 less than was received . during the same week of 1891. COLONIAL MANUFACTURES.-A pleasing in stance of the excellence attained by our local. ? manufacturers is shown by the fact that Messrs. Thomas Barlow & Sons, of Hindmarsh-. square, are now packing a wagonette for trans mission to England. The carriage was built a few months ago to tht order of a gentleman who intended to settle in the colony for some years, but on his plans being altered, and returning to England, he decided to take the vehicle with him, remarking that " English < coaohmakers do not know how to turn out a wagonette like that." Our manu acturers have had a lot of experience concerning the impor tation of carriages, but this is, we believe, the first instance of an exportation to England. DEATH OP AN OLD PRESSMAN.-We regret ? having to record the death, at the age of sixty . one, of Mr. James Sutherland, at his residence, -Gilberton, on Thursday morning. _ The deceased, who arrived in the colony in 1877, was a native of Edinburgh, where he served an apprenticeship to the printing business at one of the leading establishments. After a three years' engagement in W. & It. -Chambers's, Mr. Sutherland proceeded to \- Glasgow, and was for nineteen years employed on the reading staff of the Qlasgoio Ecrald, and subsequently for three years in the same capacity on the Olasgow News. On his arrival in Adelaide the deoeased gentleman joined the staff of the Register, and has -continued his connection with this offioe. He was a fine specimen of the old school of Press men-well read and a keen observer, most painstaking in whatever he undertook, whether . -SB reader for the Press or as compositor, a man who never made an enemy, and who was much respected and esteemed by all who made his -acquaintance. His death, which was some what unexpected, was the result of a ohill . caughn only a few days ago, and which ter minated in pleurisy. The deoeased gentleman, who was twice married, leaves a widow and a "family of five sons and four daughters, one of the latter being married. QUARANTINE.-In consequence of the pre valence of smallpox at Bombay the Central Board of Health hasnotified the Health Officer (Dr. Toll) to exercise additional oaution before .-awarding pratique to vessels from that port. A SALT LEASE.-Mr. H. Winton (Govern most Auctioneer) sold on Thursday the lease \- of a salt lagoon comprising 493 aores Bituated in the Hundred of Haines (Kangaroo Island), -Section 25, to Mr. A. Tocohi, at £50 per ? annum. The upset price was £5. CEMENT FBOM BROKEN HILL.-On Thursday -afternoon, at the invitation of Mr. G. Asoione, -several gentlemen, inoluding the Hon. Dr. .Campbell, M.L.C., and the Chairman of the .Stock Exchange of Adelaide (Mr. G. S. Aldridge), witnessed some experimental tests ~of cement from Broken Hill by Mr. Ji. Negus, Manager of the Hewer's Yards at Mile-End. "The lias which composes the cement comes -from Marble Mountain, about fourteen miles -from Broken Hill, and the samples tested were wade and moulded by Mr. Negus , a week ago. Before trying the Broken Hill cement Mr. !Negua tested a specimen of the imported -artiole (Alsen's), which had been made up three months. This broke at a pressors of 655 lb. to the square inch. The machine which was used for testing was one designed by Mr. Oswald Brown and made by Mr. C. A. , Smith, of. Adelaide. In' this machine were then placed seven samples of the Broken Hill -cement, which gave the following results, the ligurea indicating at what pressure the cement broke. The times were not taken in the first two tests, but in the others we show how long it took for the samples to yield to the pressure .of the machine :-No. 1, 550 lb.; No. 2, 550 lb.j No. 3, 580 lb., 78 sec.; No. 4, 510 lb" ?83 sec.; No. 5, 545 lb., 2 min. 40 see.; No. 6, 4351b., 45 seo.; No. 7, 500 lb., 47 sea The average pressure at which the cement broke i was therefore 524? lb., and thiB is a very satis factory result, as the New South Wales Go vernment test is 300 lb, and the South Aus tralian Government 400 lb. The result of the ?experiment is likely to prove valuable owing to the projected waterworks at Broken HilL THE AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.-It is pro liable that Mr. D. A. Criohton, the Victorian Government Horticultural Lecturer, will accompany the membere of the Central Agri cultural Bureau who intend visiting the Clare and Riverton district early in March. LADY ONSLOW.-Lady Onslow, the wife of the ex-Governor of New Zealand, will sail for England by the Oroya on Maroh 9. She will, -with ber children, spend a few days at Marble Hill before embarking. WINNERS or THE AGRICULTURAL SCHOLAR SHIPS.-Last yearprovision was mode on the Estimatesforsix agricultural scholarships of the value of £30 eaoh, and tenable ioi tiro years at the Roeeworthy College.?, Six dis^riots were formed, but competitors from only three en tered for the examination, which has Just con cluded. Professor Lowrie and Dr. Earp, of the College, Mr. J. A. Hartley, Mr. A. ScottJ and Mr. C. A. Reynolds, of the Education Department, were the examiners, and the successful candidates were L N. Salter, of Augaston, C. F. Heyne, of Norwood, and W. Wheaton, of Koolunga. The subjects were oral examination, written examination, elementary chemistry,elementary mathematics, and drawing. Candidates had; to be between the Ages of fifteen and eighteen. IMPORT AND EXPORT OP LIVE ? STOCK. Annual return of the number of live stook im ported into and exported from South Austra lia (overland) during the year ended Decem ber 31, 1891, is as followsImported from New South Wales-Sheep 194,834, cattle 1,045, horses 91; Queensland-Sheep 15,795, oattle 17,088, horses 7; Victoria-Sheep 65,855, cattle 147, horses 1,222; total imports-Sheep 276,484, cattle 18,280, horses 1,320. Exported to New South Wales-Sheep 19,031, cattle 162, horses 675; Queensland-Sheep 3,294, cattle 126, horses 6; Victoria-Sheep 84,908, cattle 1,793, horses 6G1; total exported-Sheep 107,233, cattle 2,081, horses 1,342. Excess of imports-Sheep 169,251, cattle 16,199; excess of exports-Horses 22. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. - By a return published in this week's Government Gazette it appears that 5,767 passengers arrived in the colony and 5,998 left it during the month of January by sea.| GLANVILLB SUGAR REFINERY.-On Thurs day afternoon about fifteen members of the Cbamberof Manufactures, headed by the Chair man, Mr. J.. J. Green, visited the Colonial Sugar Refinery Company's works at Glanville. The visitors were oonducted around by the Manager of the works, Mr. Staples, who explained the various processes. Much plea sure was expressed at the condition of the industry. The works are at present busy, giving employment direotly to about eighty hands. The output varies, but iB about 40 tons per day. RED RCST CONFERENCE.-A conference of intercolonial delegates to consider the red rust question, which is of such vital importance to South Australia particularly, will be opened in Adelaide on Maroh 8. It is the third con ference of the kind which has been held. The first took place in Melbourne, while the eeoond was held in Melbourne last year. The Hon. W. Copley (Minister of Agriculture and Edu cation) "wul preside over the deliberations of the Conference, South Australia's represen tatives will be Professor Lowrie, of the Agri cultural College, and Mr. G. Inglis. It is ex pected that all the other colonies, with the ex ception of Western Australia, will send dele gates. Viotoria, Queensland, and Tasmania ave already promised to do so, and New South Wales has asked the date but has not yet officially notified the names of delegates. MAJOR JOHN ADAM FERGUSSON.-'We learn that Major J. A. Fergusson, brother of Sir James Fergusson, formerly Governor of South Australia, and who himself lived for some years in this colony, has, after spending many years in military duty in Ceylon and India, been posted Major to the 3rd Battalion of the Rifle Brigade in Ireland, and will proceed to take up his duties there at once. It was stated in our English telegrams some time ago that Major Fergusson hod been ap pointed Aide-de-Camp to Lieutenant-General Sir John Ross, K.O.B., Officer Commanding H.M. Forces at Halifax. We understand that there was a mistake in the message, the gen tleman appointed being Major Fergusson, a relative to Mr. John Adam Fergusson, and also connected with the Rifle Brigade. Theappoint ment is that of Military Beoretary, and not Aide-de- Camp, to the Governor referred to. CAPSIZE OF THE BRIGHTON TBAMOAB.-Our Brighton correspondent wired on Wednesday evening:-As the 5.30 p.m. car was going to Glenelg the horses shied at a perambulator, and capsized the car on the acacia hedge. Fortunately there were only three passengers in the car. A lady who was on top jumped off, hurting ber leg. Two ladies who were inside were pretty severely shaken, but not otherwise injured. Hod the car been return ing with the usual load doubtless the results would have been serious. The oar was scarcely damaged. The passengers had a remarkable escape. THE CHIEF SECRETARY.-'The Hon. C. C. Kingston (Chief Secretary) has been indisposed for some days, and on Wednesday he was too unwell to leave his home. He is suffering from rheumatism. NEW GUINEA.-Sir Samuel Griffith, the Premier of Queensland, has forwarded to the Victorian Government (says the Argus) a oopy of a report which he has submitted to His Excellency Sir Henry Norman with refe rence to a recent visit made by him to British New Guinea. Sir Samuel Griffith states that he was afforded a good opportunity of seeing the natives in their villages, and observing their present attitude to the officers of the Government. He was muoh impressed with the influence exercised by Sir William Mao gregor throughout the possession. He was present at the trial of a native, who was sen tenced to death for the murder of a Chinese, and it was rendered quite plain to him that the prisoner fully understood what was going on. Similar trials have been held at several places, and as the intercourse between the tribes has been muoh extended under the influence of the Government the nature of British justice is becoming widely known, and the patience and firmness whioh characterize it are becoming appreciated. What .most impressed the Queensland Premier was the enormous amount of work to be done in administeringthe government of the possession, and the extremely small means available for doing it. He strongly urges the necessity of the Administrator having the use for the future of such a steamer as the Merrie Eng land. THE PREMIER IN INDIA.-Roaoh Brothers, of this city, on Saturday morning received from Mr. J. Roach, senior member of the firm, who is travelling with the Premier, a telegram dated Lucknow, February 19, stating that the Hon. T. Playford, Mrs. Playford, and himself were all well. THE VICTORIAN RAILWAYS,-The traffic re ceipts on the Victorian Railways for the week ending February 11 (says the Age) total £66,314. against £71,059 14a. 6d. for the cor responding week in 1891. The aggregate re ceipts to date from July 1,1891, amount to £1,978,277, or a weekly average for thirty-two weeks of £61,821, against a weekly average of £64,739 during the corresponding period in 1890-L The length of railways now open for traffic is 2,857 miles, against 2,703 at the same date last year. METAL MARKET. - The Smelting Com pany at the Dry Greek Smelting Works have received the following cable advioe from their London agents, dated February 19 - "Standard silver, 3s. 5ftd. per oz.; soft Spanish lead, £1013s. per ton." THEGOVEBNOB'6 PBIVATE SECRETARY.-Mr. Colin Campbell, who came out from England with the Governor as tutor to his eons, and has held the position of Private Seers taiy since the departure of the late Mr. Lempriere, left for 'England on Wednesday by the Cuzoo, accompanied by His Excellency's younger son,, the Hon. Arthur -George Keith- Falconer, who will join his brother, Lord In verurie, at Eton. Mr. Campbell intends, to. engage in a course of theological study preparatory to entering the ranks of the .clergy. He will be much missed in Adelaide, where he has .uk&eti; the liveliest interest in movements of a philanthropies oharaoter, and: has worked on various committees which hare been formed in the interests of the poor and suffering. His Excellency aooompanied his son and Mr. Campbell to the mau steamer. ! Captain Henniker will act as Private Secretary: but no definite appointment will be made until Lieutenant Milner, of the Soots Guards, arrives, lieutenant Milner has accepted a position on the viceregal staff. The Cuzoo had a good list of passengers, inoluding several from Adelaide. A special carriage attached to Wednesday morning's mail train con veyed the viceregal party, comprising the Governor and Lady Kin tore, the Ladies Hilda and Ethel Keith-Falconer, and Captain Henniker, to Largs Bay to bid fare well to Mr. Colin Campbell, who during his residence in South Australia has aoted as Pri vate Secretary to the Earl of Kintore, and who with the Governor's son left for England by the Cuzco. The former intends pursuing theological studies, while the latter goes to Eton. A special launch oonveyed the party to the steamer, where they stayed till 11.45. Sir John and Lady Downer were also on board bidding good by to their son. A large party of gentle men, among whom were the Railway Commis sioners andDrs. Toll and Morris, also assembled on the boat to wish ban voyage to the Locomo tive Engineer (Mr. Roberts), who is going to England for a holiday. A number of ap propriate speeches were made. THE BEDOUIN ARABS.-On Wednesday a re presentative of the Observer had a chat with Hadj Tabar, the Manager of the troupe of Arabs who daily perform in connection with Sells' Circus. Hadj Tabar has quite a different object in view in conducting the Arabs through foreign countries to that which it would naturally be supposed he had. He is a native of Sus, a country to the north- west of Moroooo, and the inhabitants are anything but an enlightened people. They have good land and flowing rivers, yet they know of the dis tress caused by drought. Having no ideas as to how irrigation should be conducted their rivers run to waste and the land is parched. They have gold and other metals which want onlji the taking out to prove of value. These Sus Arabs know gold when they see it, but have not the faintest idea as to how it should be taken out of the ground and treated. With such crass igno rance it is not surprising that they are not progressive in their ideas. They say, "Let us do as our fathers did before us," and remain content. No Christian is allowed to cross their borders, for they regard him as a man having no God. Consequently the country is kept to themselves, they remain an ignorant people, and the good lands which they possess are not properly utilized. During the last few years Hadj Tabar has periodically taken away troupes of these Bedouin Arabs, as they are called, with an ulterior object to that which they imagine. His idea is Jthat they shall see the world, and thus by judicious instruction, which he undertakes to give them, learn of the arts and manufactures in the cities and of the proper cultivation of the soil. In their native state they would regard the electrio light as a miracle of God or as magic, but when they have travelled they gradually come to an understanding that it is the invention and work of man. After gaining such useful knowledge he takes the troupe back to their native country with the view of making them use their influence to enlighten their fellow-countrymen. Then he takes away another troupe, and while ostensibly employ ing them to amuBe the people of various countries he is giving them a valuable educa tion. So in time Hadj Tabar hopes to bring about a healthier state of affairs in Sus. .Following upon the knowledge imparted to his countrymen he hopes that they will over come their objections to Christians entering their country, and that they will become a civilized nation. THE LOSSES AND GAINS OP AMERICAN STRIKES.-The contention of Trades Unionists that strikes improve the position of the strikers (a Scocth exchange says) seems to receive considerable support from a report just issued by the Bureau of Labour Statistics of New York State. The report does not afford | conclusive evidence of the correctness of this I contention, as it only shows the direct cost that is to say, the loss or gain in wages-and does not take into account such indirect, but nevertheless real, IOBB as is involved in the banishment from a district of a particular { industry, or its being supplanted by another, a process we recently referred to in connection with the dispute in the London buildingtrades. Taking, however, only the figures ascertainable bya computation of the numberof men idle for a specified period at the average rate of wages for a year, with the gain realized by the in creased rate of wages eeoured by the cessation of labour, it appears that during the past year there were reported to the Bureau G,358 strikes, of whioh 5,566 were successful, and only 465 were unsuccessful. In 1,941 establishments the strikes resulted in an increase of wages; in 3,74G no change was effected, while in 441 an actual decrease had to be chronicled. The total gain resulting from the strikes is reported at $3,122,883, against a loss of $1,389,164. Adding to the loss in wages the amount paid in relief-S131.B19-there is still a clear gain of Srofit over loss. Trade Unionists should not, owever, suppose that this represents the ultimate result of strikes, for the misery caused by ill-considered strikes is not calculable in pounds, shillings, and penoe THE SOUTH-EASIEKN DRAINAGE COMMISSION. -The Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the drainage of the South-East with a view to its extension will leave Adelaide for the South-East by the first train on Tuesday morning next. They go first to Kingston, ana on the Wednesday travel fifty miles to Salt Creek, where they camp. The route is then to Tilley's Swamp on to Blachford and Kingston. On the Saturday the members propose to examine the country in the neighbourhood of Bowaka, thence proceeding to Robe, Luoin dale, Furner, Millicent, Mount Gambier, and Penola, which the Commission will endeavour to reach on the soond Friday. It is scarcely to be expected that if there is a large amount of evidence to be taken the journey will be got over so expeditiously as it is at pre sent anticipated. The Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. W. Copley) will in all probability join the Commission at Kingston on Friday night, and the Hon. W. Haslam will join the party at Millicent, both these gentlemen being prevented from accompanying their fellow-members at the outset. RAILWAY REVENUE.-The railway revenue for the week ending February 20 was £24,477, that for the corresponding week of 1891 being £29,382, showing a decrease of £4,905. CANON WHITINGTON AND MISSION WOBK. It having been reported that Canon Whiting ton, at present one of the mission chaplains of the Bishop of Brisbane, and formerly clergy man of this colony, had received a new ap pointment, -a representative from this office waited on that gentleman and ascertained the following particulars:-At the last) General Synod of Australia and Tasmania, held in Sydney in September last year, an ordinance was passed tor the reorganization of the foreign mission work of the Australian. Church. The Bench of Bishops, with the Primate as President, form what is known as the Board of Missions, who have an Executive Council in Sydney and cor responding committees throughout Aus tralia and Tasmania. The General Synod, at the request of the Bishops, deoided to oreate a new office in the form of a General Secre taryship, the clergyman holding that position to be nominated by the Bishops without appli cation and appointed by and subjeot) to the authority of the Primate. His duties will be to organize missionary enterprise, which will involve his spending a large portion of his time in travelling through the different dioceses, probably also visiting the missionary fields of the Church in Melanesia and New Guinea. He is also to direct his atten tion to stimulating interest in Church work among the aborigines of Aus tralia and the Chinese and South Sea Islanders, who are settled therein. The head- quarters of *he General Secretary are to be in Svdney. At the beginning of the present year Canon Whitington reoeived from the Primate notification that the majority of the Bishops desired his appointment, and after an interview with the Primate the nomination has been confirmed, and Canon Whitington will enter upon his new duties at the beginning of the ensuing month. During his residence in Brisbane part of his duties has been in connection with the Christianised Chinese and Kanakas of that oity, and during the recent visit of Sir William MacGregor, the Administrator in New Guinea, lo Brisbane Canon Whitington had the advantage of a long interview, in which the Administrator spoke warmly of his interest in the missionary work now being carried on in New Guinea by the London Missionary Society, WeBleyans, Roman Catholics, and more recently by the Church of England. The Administrator said he welcomed the mis sionaries as distinctly valuable agents in promoting the civilization of the islanders. The missionary labours in New Guinea have been wisely divided as to locality, by eaoh branch of the Christian Church having assigned a defined area of operations so as to minimise all danger of overlapping. The Church of England Mission is, of course, at present much depressed by the recent death of the missionary in charge, the Rev. Albert MacLaren, but energetic steps are now being taken to place the mission onoe more on a working basis. But while the New Guinea mission is at present absorbing a large share of the missionary efforts of the Anglioan Church in Australia, it is hoped under the new organi zation, witli which Canon Whitington will now be associated, that a greater interest will be kindled in attempts to Christianise and civilize Australian aborigines and the other races, such as the Kanakas and the Chinese who have temporarily or permanently taken up their home in Australia. Largely increased funds will be needed if this is to be done, and it will be an important part of the General Secretary's duty to establish local organiza tions for increasing the financial resources of the Anglican Board of missions for Australia and Tasmania. THE DYING PROPHET.-" The Dying Pro phet" is (says an exchange) just now the sensa tion in Russia. Certainly he is a most extra ordinary being. If he be what is claimed, a more wonderful personage does not exist. If be be an impostor, then he is the most mar vellous imirastor of the age. The audaoity of bis pretensions, the skill with which they are maintained, and, above all, the profound effect produced upon all who come in contact with him have no parallel in modern history. So Btrongly, indeed, is the impression created by his doings that the Procurator of the Holy Synod and other high ecclesiastical officers of the Empire dare not interfere. This strange person is named Tagarelli, and is of French or Italian extraction. He was, however, born at Tiflis, in the Caucasus, where he has lived since childhood. He has been bedridden, and utterly helpless. A few monthB ago a ourious change was observed. In brief, he died, to all appearances.. According to the ordi nary tests, he was certainly dead. That was on the Saturday. They pre pared his body for burial. The corpse lay in its coffin until Monday, when the funeral was to take place. At the very hour set for the obsequies, however, the young man suddenly returned to life. Ever since the same event has ocourred every week. He declares that he really does die, and that his spirit, departing from his body, passes into the other world. What manner of world it iB he will not divulge, nor will he tell anything of his doings there save one. i'hat is that be has access to the book kept by the recording angel, in which are set down all the sins of humanity. There is scarcely a person in Tiflis who has not visited him. They"all plead guilty to the charges he reports against them, and tearfully beseech him to intercede with the powers of the other world in their behalf. Thousands of people from all parts of the Empire daily throng about his cottage, seeking to know from him the story of their own illdeeds. Many of them go in idle curiosity or in . sceptical spirit, but all who are admitted to hi> presence come away convinced of his powers. , j TBE PBISONS.-It is many years since the Stockade roll contained so few names as at present, the number of prisoners being only 103\. Recently the Sheriff prepared a return relating to the number of persons who had been incarcerated during the last five years. On Monday Mr. Boothby informed a member of our staff that in 1887 there were 174 prisoners in the Yatala Labour Prison. During the same year 1,29S prisoners passed through the Adelaide Gaol, and last year the number was only 1,216, BO that there was an improvement in that place too. The same gratifying results are shown in the figures from some of the pro vincial gaolkeepers. The Port Augusta Gaol roll for 188? was 111, but last year it was only 67, and the Mount Gambier Gaol books show that the prisoners who passed through that institution were reduced from 57 in 1887 to 28 in 189L In 1887 there were 119 on the Gladstone books for the year, and unfoi tunately the number for 1891 WOB 196, the actual number at present being 64. At Wallaroo and'Red ruth there were increases. The officials of the former had to deal with 26 prisoners in 1887 and 53 in 1891, and at Redruth there was a slight jump from 17 five years ago to 22 last year. A few months ago attention was directed in Parliament to the Gladstone Gaol, the establishment being regarded by some members as unnecessary, but during 1838 and the three following years G75 prisoners served sentences there, and the warders have so much to do, there being 54 inmates, that the appoint ment of an extra officer is contemplated. T BIBLE CITBISTIAN CONFERENCE.-In oonneo tion with the annual conference of the Bible Christian Church a Sunday-school demonstra tion was held in the .Franklin-street Churoh on Tuesday evening. The Rev. J. Dingle(Fresi dent of the Conference) presided over a large attendance. Upon the platform mere thg RBVS. W. T. Penrise (General Secretary), T. MoNeil, and J. Collings, and Messrs. J. Harry and M. M. Maughan, all of whomaddresaed the meeting. Hymns were sungby children from the various Sunday-schools in. and around..the city under the leadership of Mr. B. Gould, MP., Mr. E. Gratton, jun.,- presiding at the organ. The General Secretary read the annual report, which stated that there were 107 schools of the denomination in South Aus tralia, having 874 teachers and 6,562 soholars, while , the books in the libraries , numbered 15,288. One hundred and fifty- five soholars had joined the Churoh during the year, being the largest number returned lor the past eight) years and thirty-eight above the average of the last ten years. The net income bad been £1,377 16s. 9d., increase of £1514s. 7d.; expen diture, £1,108, increase of £80 lGs. A net surplus of £21914s. would be carried forward to next year's account. SEBIOCB ACCIDENT.-On Monday afternoon Mr. Alfred Morrison, of Upper Mitcham, was carting sand from the River Torrens at New Thebarton in company with Mr. C. G. Lugg, a grazier, when in coming along the road the reins got entangled with the harness, and Morrison, in trying to get them clear, slipped and fell under the wheels. He was dragged some distance, and had the horses nob been quiet he woidd probably have been killed. The sufferer was taken to his home, and Dr. H. H. Wigg, of Unley, who was sent for, after attending to his injuries, ordered the man's removal to the Hospital. An ambulanoe-van was sent from Adelaide, and he was taken to the Hospital on Tuesday morning. Morrison's right thigh is fractured, and a long time must elapse before the poor fellow oan get about again. For many years Morrison worked as a driver on the Mitoham tramline,, and he is well known and much respeoted. He has a wife and six young children dependent upon him. THE LATE COMMERCIAL BANK.-We are in formed that the liquidators of this institution have heard nothing fresh touohing the petition of a large number of contributories for the prompt and final settlement of affairs. The petition, it will be recoUeoted, was made to the Supreme Court, and His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut called upon the liquidators for a report. .That report, which was sent by the Judge to the Committee of Contributories, : pointed out that signatures were improperly appended to the petition in respect to 9,600 shares, and that nothing had to their know ledge transpired sinoe His Honor had directed them to proceed at law against the Directors to justify the stopping of the action. A move ment is now talked of to'get a meeting of con tributories in order to further discuss the situation, and procure a statement of accounts from the liquidators to date. Mr. A. Adamson, sen., a member of the Committee of Contributories of this Bank, informs ua that B sub-committee lately waited on Mr. Jusbioe Boucautrespecting thepetition foraprompt and final settlement of affairs; and that His Honor suggested to the committee they could prepare a petition in legal form to establish to the Supreme Court the fact of the wish of the contributories in the matter. It would then be open to the committee to take out a sum mons calling on the parties interested to show cause why the wish of the contributories should not be given effect to. As Mr. Justice Boucaut will be shortly leaving the oolony on an extended holiday, it is thought probable that the Bank's affairs judicially will be rele gated to the oontrol of His Honor the Chief Justice. We understand that the liquidators advised the Court that they considered the choses of action which the petition proposed to sell the most valuable asset left to the institution. Mr, Wadey, on behalf of Mr. George Soarfe, the Chairman of 'the meeting of shareholders held on Decem ber 21 last, applied and obtained on Thurs day an order from Mr. Justice Boucaut, refer ring to summons taken out to fix a day for the hearing of the petition to the Full Court to oe heard on such a day as the Court shall fix. The contributories who signed the petition in ques tion are very anxious to be heard in explana tion as regards the statement made by the liquidators with respect to certain signatures to the petition, representing 9,600 shares, and which the liquidators allege were improperly signed. The contributories say that they have a complete answer to the statement. DEATH FBOM DYNAMITE FCMES. - Our Nnirne correspondent wrote on February 19: -" A sad oocurrenoe took plaoe on the farm of Mr. John Mullins, of Springfield, about eight miles from here, whereby Mr. Mullins's eldest son Patrick, aged twenty, lost his life. It appears Mr. Mullins had engaged a miner-a young man named William Paull-to deepen a well which had become dry, and yesterday morning, assisted by the deoeased, Paull had successfully fired a charge of dynamite. After waiting a short time the young men desoended the well, whioh is about 18 ft. deep, but finding the fumes too strong for them they came to the surface. After waiting some timo they again descended, but could not remain below. They felt rather neer, but thought the effects would soon pass off. Both gradually grew worse. Dr. Morier, of Nairne, was summoned during the night, and he at once saw that the oase of Patrick Mullins was hopeless. The young fellow passed away about 8 o'clock this morning. Paull is still alive, and hopeB are entertained of his re coveiy. Great sympathy is felt fcr Mr. Mullins and family in their sad bereavement, as the deoeased was a fine, useful young man." A NEW EXTRACTION PROOBSS We have been shown by Mr. T. Coward a specimen of silver weighing about 9 oz. which was extracted from sulphide ore obtained from mines on the Barrier by means of a new leaohing prooess. The silver is muoh purer than , the ordinary product, and is valued, we are informed, at 6a. per ounce mere than that Bmelted in the. usual way. The process has been patented, and a trial was recently held in Melbourne, when there were present a large number of' gentle men interested in mining. The inventor (Mr. Nicholas) is very Banguine as to the value of the discovery, and all who saw the atrial were greatly pleased. Mr. Nicholas leaves almost immediately for America, where be intends to also patent the process, which; is,'., by-the- way, by no means an expensive one. This should be encouraging newB for those interested in the Barrier. THE LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER.-On Saturday evening about 300 of the employes engaged in the departments under Mr. T. Roberts, Loco motive Engineer, met at the Selborne Hotel to bid fareweD to Mr. Roberts, who will leave for England on Wednesday on six months'leave of absence. The gathering took the form of a social, but it was somewhat formal in charac ter. Mr. J. Bowbear, on behalf of the employes, presented Mr. Roberts with an illuminated address, which had been prepared by Mr. Wallace Baker, of the Accountants office. The audienoe was thoroughly represen tative, and the evening was most pleasantly spent. Mr. Latimer, the Locomotive Superin tendent, will act as Looomotire Engineer during the absence of his chief. LOCAL OPTION.-A return published in the Melbourne Daily Telegraph (fives results whioh have attended the local option eyetem from the time of inception early in 1886. The state ment will doubtleaa {trove a surprise to many who have pinned their faith to local option as the best method of dealing with the liquor traffic. Altogether 68 pollshave been taken, resulting in 32 being declared void, 15 for in crease in the number of hotels, 12 for decrease, and 9 in favour of the existing number. The total amount of compensation paid up to date is £24,159 lis. 8d., but it will be considerably augmented as soon as valuations have been determined of houses yet to be closed in com pliance with several of the polls. The Goelong district has secured the largest sum for com pensation, viz., £17,69G for 18 houses, Gipps land coming next with £3,616, Broadford being third on the list with £1,220. RELIGIOUS TEACHING IN SCHOOLS.-An im portant decision has (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) been given by Mr. Shiels as At torney-General upon the question of religious instruction being imparted by State sohool teachers in their residences. The opinion is as follows:-" I am of opinion that a teacher is not precluded from giving religious instruction in his residence, whether detached from, or attached to a State school building." This opinion has caused Borne concern amongst the heads of the department, and they will pro bably urge the Minister to prevent teaohers from acting under it. Mr. Peacock, however, Enid that the opinion is a correct interpreta tion of the law, and cannot therefore be sub verted. He also recognises that any other rendering of the law upon the subject would bring about the extraordinary result that parents who happen to be employed by the State as teachers would be debarred from giving religious instruction to their children in their own homes. A CABB OF DISTBESS.-A correspondent has drawn our attention to what is clearly a very distressing case of destitution, and has for warded Cs. as a contribution towards its relief. We learn that on Saturday night a woman with four children applied at the Adelaide Police Station for food and shelter. She stated that, with her husband and family, she had recently returned to this colony from Vic toria, and was awaiting news from her husband, who had gone into the country seeking work. Meanwhile she and her children had nuthing. to eat and no place to lodge in. The police believe her statements to be true, and on Sunday morning made arrangements for her admission into the Destitute Asylum. The case iB one which appeals to the sympathy of the charitable, and we trust that others will follow the example of our correspondent. S.A. WINES.-Mr. Scott, who went to Tas mania to take charge of the exhibits of South Australian wines at the Tasmanian Exhibition, returned to Adelaide at the latter end of last week. While in the island colony he was eminently successful in his management of the S.A. Show, and took some good prizes for wines. In the course of an interview with one of our reporters he mentioned that the Premier of Tasmania (Mr. P. O. Fysh) would be ex pected to discuss with the Premier (Hon. T. Playford) the proposed] reciprocity treaty with Tasmania. THE BROKEN HILL WATKB SUPPLY.-On Monday morning sixty-four of the leading resi dents of Broken Hill arrived in Adelaide cn route to Sydney, where, with a number of Mel bourne and Sydney business men who are interested in Broken Hill, they will inter view the Government, and strongly urge that the Stephens Creek (Darling) Water Supply Bill shonld be passed at once. The deputation will number about 100, and a petition representing 24,000 people will be presented to the Government. The members of the deputation will pay their own expenses, and they are taking samples of water from the different sources of supply to show the Govern ment. It will take two or three days to do all qhe business in Sydney, and the members of the deputation do not know how long they will be away from Broken Hill. THE CHINESE EMFBBOE.-The North China, Herald in the daily issue of December 17 notes and comments upon a very interesting item of news:-A well-informed correspondent writes that he heard on December 16 from two different sources that the young Emperor of China commenced the study of the English language at the beginning of this month, two students from the Tang Wen Kuan, the Imperial College at Peking, being his in structors. The news seems too startling, and at the same time too good to be true; and yet truth is often stranger than fiction. We know that the tide of progress is irresistible ; that not even the walls of the Forbidden City can keep it out, nor can the stolid conservatism of old China, intensified as it seems to us to be in the statesmen that surround tho throne, check it permanently; but we are not pre fiared to hear that the Emperor himself is earning a western language. His advisers anuat be wiBer than we thought. He and they <must honestly desire that China shall take her .full place in the circle of civilized nations. Perhaps, after all, he intends to govern as .well as reign, and sees the importance of know ing the language of the Power that is China's natural ally in Asia, the language that bids fair to be the commanding, as it is now the leading tongue of the world. If the news is true, it means the opening of a gate that has been closed for thirty centuries; the letting in .of a flood, beneficent not destructive, on which ?China will rise to a level she has never yet \--attained, with the young Emperor controlling -and directing it. Asa political step it would <be one of incalculable value to China, for nothing could better conciliate the friendship of the EngliBh-spealdng peoples; and its con sequences would be almost too vast toconoeive. TBS ELDER EXPEDITION. -Mr. J. Dreyer, -who has been engaged surveying in Western Australia, and who u now visiting South Aus tralia, has a few words to say about the Elder Scientific Exploration Expedition. Mr. Dreyer .was on the Yilgarn Goldfielda when Mr. Lindsay emerged with the expedition from the interior.' The explorers remained some days at the Southern Cross. Their advent was fully anticipated, for, according to Mr. Dreyer, it was the only route they could pos sibly takewith safety from Fraser's Range to get to the MurchiBon. " We all ext>ected that the expedition would fail to find water at . Hampton Plains. The camels showed that .tiie expedition must bave had a very rough time of it, and the people on_ the fields wondered at so many beasts coming through .o well. I think the way in which Mr. Lind say brought) the expedition through olearly proves his fitness as leader. He had good season from the reports of Giles and othera to expect to find water at Queen Victoria Springs, but, notwithstanding that, Mr. Lindsay thought it was wise to put the members of the expedition on short Allowances of water, and I believe that that course had a great deal to do with their coming out safely. If they had used their usual supply of water what a state they would have been in on reaching Queen Victoria Springs, which was dry." Mr. Dreyer days that Mr. Streieh and other late members of the expedition camped with nim while at Southern CropB, He heard of not the slightest hint of disaffection among tho party at that time, and was surprised to learn of the turn of events which resulted in the resignation of the scientific officers. LEIGH'S Cbbbk COAL.-A fine' block of coal of superior quality, weighing about half a i nundredweight, has just been received at the office of the Company, Melvin Chambers. It was raised from the drive at the depth of 160 ft., and not far from the shaft, near to the first fault met with in driving. The miners are now at work breaking out coal from this 1 Spot. i Genebal Empiotebs' Union OF -S.A. I meeting of the executive was held at the offices of the Federated Employers' Council on i Thursday last, when Mr. John Darling, jun., took the chair. Amongst other matters it was ' . reported by the Secretary that a statement had gained currency in certain quarters that one of the rules of the Union prevented any member from engaging an employe whilst in the service of a fellow-member. The Secre tary was directed to give this statement an unqualified denial, as no such ruld has ever exiBtedI in connection with the Union, and to forward copies of the rules to the daily papers in proof of the fact. BAPTIZED in THE TOEBENS.-A rather unusual religious service was performed in the Ton-ens Stream near the end of St. Peters road on Sunday afternoon. About 100 persons assembled to witness the ceremony, which was that of immersing seventeen people belonging . to the Seventh Day Advent seot. A clear ? about three feet deep was selected at the back of Mr. Gilbert's house. The candidates, who varied in age from about nine years to aboutthirty years, walked from the house of .Mr. Gilbert, and on the bank of the river a short service _ was held, Elder Daniels, of America, officiating. At the conclusion of the prayer the company moved towards the river, iilaer Daniels walked into the pool first, and then the candidates, who were all dressed in their ordinary costumes, were escorted to him. Standing in about three feet of water the Elder _ proclaimed as each convert came to his side-"In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost I baptise thee," I and immediately he or she was completely im I merged. Just before and after the baptism the choir sang the verse of on appropriate . hymn. "here were one man and one woman among the candidates, the balance of fifteen being composed of eight boya and seven ' £be cerelnony lasted about an nour. THE DAMAGED DYNAMITE.-On Saturday the damaged dynamite-about sixty-two cases, each originally containing GO lb.-was destroyed at I Tfl*a .a. distance from the Port) Adelaide r *, was destroyed in the presence j ^urner (Professor fiennie's assistant) and Mr. Halsej; (the Magazine- keeper). Pro fessor Rennie did not superintend its aestrno ! tion, because he considered it of more impor tance to witness the repacking of the undamaged material, of which there was eighty-three or eighty-lour cases. There were but twenty-three or twenty-four new cases . available on Saturday, and these were oarefully filled, Professor Rennie examining each packet personally before allowing it to go in. Providing he has the cases ready, Pro feasor Rennie will repack the remainder on Monday morning. It is intended to burn the damaged cases. The oiroumstances attending the accident to the lighter Derwent will form the subject of a special enquiry by the Marine Board. Professor Rennie lias sent bis report to the Marine Board, who have considered it and forwarded the following minute to the Treasurer on Tuesday afternoon : - " The Board held a special meeting to consider this most important matter, and after going through the various reports and examining several witnesses, decided to forward the fol lowing resolution to the Government) for early ' consideration, namely'That in the opinion of this Board Mr. C. Napier Hake, Chief In-1 spector of Explosives for Victoria, be asked to visit Adelaide to confer with Professor Rennie as to the advisability of erecting separate maga zines for the storage of explosives, and generally to advise on the subject.' The Board also decided in connection with the question to detain the lighter Derwent, and to refuse per mission for her to carry explosives again until a certificate is received from Dr. Bennie that she is again safe, also that for the present the heaa-keeper attend at the transhipments of ex &l;°BIT.e8 aS "le an°horage or at powder buoys. The Board also agree to warn licensed lighter men of the imperative necessity of using every care and of reporting without delay the slightest damage by water, &c.; On the re commendation of Dr. Rennie, it was agreed that the damaged gelignite be allowed to be dried on the deck of a lighter under the head keeper'6 supervision." Personal.-The current number of the C/m-mWian Weekly has the followingThe Kev. S. Wilkinson's work as MethodiBt Chap lain to the ships of war in Sydney Harbour is now recognised by the Army and Navy Com mittee of the British Conference. There are about 300 declared Wesleyan Methodists on the vessels of the Australian Squadron.-Mr. J. H. Munger, M.L.C., of York, one of the prominent members of our Church in the western province, left hero with Mrs. Munger for Albany on Wednesday. Mr. Munger has just returned from Melbourne, where he has been for medioal advice, and, we regret to say, is in a very weak and critical condition of health.-The Rev. F. W. Macdonald has been approached with a view to settlement in the oolony of South Australia. An English minister of distinction would be of great ser vice to Australian Methodism at this time. We need ecarcely say that Mr. Macdonald has not the slightest intention of entertaining the pro posal-thuB comments the Methodist Recorder. -The Rev. Joseph Spenoe. the sole representa tive of New South Wales to the Washington Conference, is returning to Australia by the Ormuz, which reaches Adelaide in about a month's time. Mr. Spence has laid Aus tralian Methodism under no little obliga tion by the able and really interesting lettere be has written to the Sydney Advocate. - Mr. Samuel Bray, of Spring Farm, one of the ! noble band of Methodist pioneers in South Australia, has recently passed away. Mr. Bray, over forty years ago, was & local preaoher j when the whole colony was but one Circuit, | Mid subsequently was one of the founders of 1 the Clare Circuit, in which locality his name has been a household word. | Found IN A BOAT.-Early in tho month a man named Morris Higeins, aged about eeventy-seven years, was found drifting in a boat on the Murray. Ae he appeared to be I dying he was taken to Murray Bridge for medical attention, being subsequently sent to ft £;? e.Hospital. He arrived thereon tne 6th, and it was found that he was ft former inmate of the institution, having received treatment for chronio heart disease. He is [ now considered to be much better. A MiLANG ARTIST.-The Mount Barker Conner of February 19 states that Mr. Edwin a «>n of Mr. A. H. Land i seer, M.F., has succeeded in putting some excellent work into a painting which he has recently executed. The work, representing a female bust, shows some exceedingly delicate ! t°u.°?es. combined with a good idea of shading, which is well carried out. Altogether the painting reflects much credit on the young 1 . artist, whose work gives promise of better | things in the future. The famous Sir Edwin Lands eerwas a first cousin of the juniormember for Mount Barker, whose son isnowdispl&yingf; the artiBtic taste to be expected in a namesake [ of the great painter. 