Love will Findout the Way. A Thrilling Love Story. CHAPTER XXII (continued.) Taking the mug from her with affected eagerness, I raised it hastily to my lips ; but no sooner did I taste its contents than, with a look of dis gust and a total disregard of conven tionalities, I turned my head away, spat the liquid out upon the ground, and, with a stimulated shudder of re pugnance, forced the mug back into Caroline's hand. " Well, I'm sure!" she said, in astonishment. " I never saw her do such a thine before-she's generally as nice in her ways as the wisest among m But there-you never know where to have these mad folks 1 I suppose ahe didn't'like the taste of the rum; jwell, tlifen, she^ll have to go thirsty till wo get^ to DiihstaU. - It's an ill winil $hat Mow« nobody good; there'll be*more for me-that s a com fort." Saying this, she filled up the mug, which held exactly balf-a-pint, the quantity contained in the bottle. Then, trembling with anxiety, I saw the unconscious woman draw a deep breath, and, placing the mug to her lips, slowly rise it higher and higher, until she bad at one draught emptied it to the very dregs. At last it was done! dome what would, be the consequences what they might, there was no drawing back for me now-the thing was done I With these thoughts rushing through ray brain, I sat and gazsd in afingnt upon my victim, upon whom as yet thedrnghad no time to work. .. Lor," she said, looking at me andi laughinggood-naturedly, "onewould think .you hid seen a ghost-you So stare and open your eyes 1 Did you j never see a thirsty woman drink be fore ? Agood draught is abltesini she continued, as sho repacked the basket "But you were pot alto gether wrong. The stuff wasn't as good «s it ought to have been; there's a queer Utter sort of flavour about it. I expect the' milk's just on the turn." I saw a heavy, weary expression struggling into her eyes, anda sickly feeling ofdread crept over me which even pn that balmy, sultry uutjiinn. aftbmooncaused mean inward shiver. She : passed her band languidly across her forehead, and then she murmured " After all, I think a rest makes you feel more tired than you were be fore. I wish I was there and back and that's the ttuth. I'm that heavy and'tired and drowsy, I don't know how to hold my head up. But there -it won't do to give way 1 I shall be nrorae if, I sit here any longer,. Come, Miss Madge-we must be stimng.my dear," I lobkea. at her; her eyes were dim and.the lids were drooping. < I saw that in another five minutes, if Bhe remained quiet, she would en tirely succumb to the influence of the narcotic; but I could not tall whtit power the action cf walking might not ha veto dfcpel the eftect of the drug, having no heed to her re peated orders to .rise, I murmured a few unintelligible words, and then, as if completely overcome by fatigue, I gradually drooped and drooped unfil my lead lay in her lap. With my eyes closed, but with every sense alert, I felt ber shake me gentry once or twice and call me by tahy name, the voice and hand growing each time feebler; and then I heard her mutter . "Poor soul, she's tired out, like me t She shall have_a few minutes-I'll wake her in time to get to the bank before four. But I mustn't sleep no, that would never do. I mustn't sleep-" There was a momentary pause, then her head fell forward suddenly, and she awoke with a start. .' My word," she murmured thickly, " I was almost off then! That won't do-that won't do-that won't-" With a sirange gasp her voice died away; then there was complete silence. Caroline slept, and I lay trembling guiltily, hope and fear struggling for the mastery. Although every moment was pre cious to me, it was iully (en minutes before I summoned courage to raise my head and look upon my handi work. I was haunted with a hor rible fear lest, in my excitement and trepidation the ni^ht before, my shaking hand might have played me false. I remembered that Caroline had said that two teaspoonfuls of the drug bad been sufficient on another occasion to plunge her into a heavy sleep for hours; but I had decided on administering a larger quantity than this, deeming it probable that she might not be so improssiouableto its influence in the daytime as she had been when worn out by sleepless ness and pain. Now suppose that I had over-stepped the boundsof safety, and that the dose I bad given might prove fatal in its effects I " Great heavens," I thought at last, in a paroxysm of nervous horror, .* what if, when I raise my head, I should look on the face of a corpse! I cannot feel her breathing; even now, as I lie with my head upon her knees, she may be dead! Oh, merci ful Heaven, if I should find, in gain ing my freedom, that I have lest my immortal soul I" Unable to bear the terrible sus pense any longer, I .forced myself to tfie from my recumbent attitude and to turn my reluctant eyes on the motionless lorn at my feet. At the first glance a cry of thankfulness broke from me, for I saw at once that, although her Bleep was unnatu rally heavy and profound, in other respects her face presented no un usual appearance. Her head was resting comfortably in a little follow in the sheaf behind her; she drew l^er breath faintly but regularly; and, laying my fingers gently on her ptilse, I discovered no failure in its action. 4 Now, Mudgb," I murmured, my old habit reasserting itself as the load of anxietyand terror was lifted from me," cast your fears behind you, tod act swiftly and promptly. Three or four hours is the longest start you can reckon Upon, and even that may be curtailed if Caroline is discovered and awakened from her sleep. In the first place the money I" Kneeling down by the unconscious women, who did not stir under my touch, I lifted her outer shirt, and, placing my hand iit the huge pocket which bung by her aide, hastily ab stracted the canvas bag, and, sitting down, with many ft terrified glance around, lest I should be discovered apparently in the act of robbing my I helpltas companion, I emptied the contents of the bag upon my lap; Six sovereigns I took from the heap of mixed coins before met and then, with scrupulous exactness, I began to count the silver. Six and sixpence I knew the turn to a fraction, which paroline owed me. I wasaetermined to take no more than my just due, but at the same time I felt that I could not afford to abate one farthing of that. Almost immediately how ever, I perceived that here a difficulty presented itself. To my surprise, Caroline's silver was composed entirely of shilling and two-shilling pieces; to lake the exact sum was impossible-I must eitherpresent her) with sixpence or deprive her of the f same amount. What should I do ? Every penny was of such vital con sequcnce to me! Fur a minute-but only for a minute, I am glad to re member-I hesitated; and then, taking three florins, I thrust the re mainder of the money back into the bag, and, drawing the string tightly, I knotted it again and again. Re placing the bag in her pocket, I next drew from it a little clasped book with a pencil attached to it, in which Caroline kept her private accounts, and, tearing out ono of its pages, I wrote "Dear Oaroline-I write these words to exonerate you from all blame on my account, for I should be sorry that you lost your situation, hateful i though it seems to me, through any action of mine. The rum and milk that you have drunk was drugged by me, and the means I obtaiued my self, while you slept, from the little cupboard which bangs above your bed. I must beg your forgiveness for this trick, and ask you to pardon any inconvenience the dose may oc casion you. I would not have adopted this course bad I seen any other postibilty of escaping your watchful care. By the time yon are awake iBhail be, I trust, very many miles beyond your reach. You will see, on counting your money, that I have taken the six pounds six shil lings yoo had in keeping for me. You owe me no thanks for the odd sixpence, for, if X could honestly have taken that also, I should have done so. Hoping ihatyon will soon re cover from the efiects of the fright | I have given you. " I am, yours sinceraly, MADGE HUMPHREYS." Folding this note, with a grim sense of humour obtruding itself upon my anxieties, with a pin I Attached it to the front of her dress; and then, drawing her watch from its pooketi I found that the hands pointed to half-past three. The afternoon was passing away quickly, and I had so tar togo before I could hope to find a friend I Nevertheless, florried and worried though 1 was, my mind wu clear, and' I neglected no precaution which might hinder my pursuit. Caroline's dress wai a dark one, and I saw lhat the shifting SOD would soon withdraw the the shadow in the obscurity of which she lay; then, should anyone enter the field, she would become startingly conipicioni. Swiftly I arrived at the conoJusion that to make sore of even a few minutes' start I must render heir to some extent invisible from a distance. With tbe perspiration pouring down my face with tbe exertions I made, I tore Ksat handfuls of corn from tbe neigh uring sheaves, and, scattering them lightly but thickly over her prostrate figure, piling ft up round her, leaving merely an aperture through which she could breath, I sopn obliterated all signs of her presence. Satisfied tbat I had done everything in my power to baffle my enemies, I lookup the little hand-basket-this theft Z reconciled to my conscience, for when I had a minute to spare I mast eat, or I should break altogether, and the danger of doing any unnecessary shopping in Dunstall was obvious. Then, with a last look to anure myself that Gasoline was still sleeping securely and healthy, I turned my back upon her, and pulling my broad-brimmed hat well over my brow, I lowered my head, and Bed swiftly from her, and from all the horrible life with which [she was associated. 