8ThA_ GB E REMEDIES. Thero in an interesting paper in chsember' Journal upon " Strange Di)ioeare nnd Strango ltomedies" na otberved and practised in Ire land. WVo metieo ono or two extracts : A 1'0WcI:ILTU! CIrAReI. Credulity and asperstition are not confincd to the lower elosess alone in Irelanri. A story told nm as an actual fact by an educated lady, the daughter and seltor oE a clergy man, might very well be clonsed nC an inotance of both. ,Ve woro diecueieing ths subject of chiurn , and I wan siurprised to oee that cllo believed in tlhdm hr:self, no did ulso her reverend brother. " I cannot doubt what I know to be trno myself," ushe said; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words :-" Thero was a man in our village, n respectable shopkeeper, who was nfllicted with an onormous tumour in his cheek. I well remember the feelings of awo and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. Ito oat a few pews in front of us, and I could not res!at the tenmptation of watching him all through the eorvico, and looking for the grotlequooffocts of hleuorrmously oxa ggcrated check. His infirmity seemed to irnrea-o with youro, and the poor man wae a frightful object. One day not long ago I passed a marn in the villago street whose fac.o I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his namo. It oudhlenly dawned upon me it was Mr. - without his awol!en cheek I could hardly believe my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to ace if it really could be the m in I lhad seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changod in such a shorttirne. Yes, it certainly was Mr. \- le. 1 addressed mo first, maying, ' I suppose you hardly recogniso mo ;' and then he told me how ie was cured. It was by a charm ! Ifo was advised to go out the first night the now moon was visible, and, alter saying, 'In the namo of theo ather, Sou, and holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner plate round his head nine times towards the now moon. IIo did so, and in the morning his tumour had comiplotely disappeared!" Such was the tale told to me and implicitly belioved in by an educated Iribh lady. The lower orders of the Irish are, as a rule, rathor hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trling peculiar ro medics for their aillernts. A favourite poultice for wounds is a parafina candlo ecraped and same cabbage, all boiled to gether. A simplo but ratlher unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man-it was to sit with his leg in a bog hole all night. 'This he tried with perfect succes. His leg got quite well ; but, as he died of bronchitis ia few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his " perfect core." A. carpenter, who in chopping wood hlid cut a slice off his uhsinbone with the hatchet, first applied a noullice of nottles and salt. This not haolinr it irnmediately, he put on a band ago eoak::l in Venico turpenine. As tlhe wound rersained oblitinsto, and ev.eu got weoro unodlr hlis gentlo treatment, he deter mined to be iran with it and bhovC it lhe would ,tand no more non!cnsoe; co he burned it with blue stone ! ite did not loe thehe log; but it did not recover until less heroic renme dies were ueed. A poor uman sulfering from inflammation of the eye can:sed by a thorn, Ihad blue-stono blown in. I1o did lo:a the A 'ILcr.o' TP..eGI:DY. A feavourito remey for every kind of in ternal pain is hot vinegar punch; indeed, vinegar, taken either cold or lhot it is coesidc.ed almost a nprcifie for every thing. It mrut be comforting in somn caves ! It il mruch usted for a "i lqueerin' on tihe h:rt," which is the corn. mnonent complaint of all. They are a i indly nr:d ytnmptletie ra:ce, always ready to levlp each otlh:r in cases of eickn:ess, either writih nurnine or good advice; but I fear in most caaeo tlhe remedies prescribed are f -r worse than the di cave. A villayo tragedy occurrcd in mlly own knowledge. A yoaung ble'ckamith, whoe;o wife had pre:s?nted hism with their frat baby, was horrileed to find th'at the infant hadl bIee born itlh tee.h. So uonuual an event musiit b uniuie-ky; no the- poor b:aby'o teeth were drawiln byl the uln eskiliclt hand of the bi.:k :-mith. The b'itey die!t: .nd the mothur, te h,:c ed sad Grieved by the rccus , ie d I .o e afc trw.erd!l. *' I3ut I:re, he'd :ever at'e hod le Ick or gr:c-'C if thie uIucey tt lcadn't b:, ihre;." ThIe f'ullo:.i",' epI'-re:nm tite eea i x " ::i D : , it:, :n b y :: b tti h c ! r 1 o e t hn a L +ly "' :: lb ; t j ?i ? , r ',, + 't 'f :z r " . ': : , r l . i i:t'k?~ .::iu nL~l 'l Lv-h +''r':7 