THE WOMAN'S W O U L D Tnr. Librarian of the London University savr thai ever since women wore admitted to the exicjiuati.-us he prepares for examination days extra. botli'->"f water. This is because the gentle sex to persi£i'i't:s over-work themselves and get nervous and cxi-ir. i! that sftme of thein always faint, or at least frti -C nnwell that they have to give up the examination. The men and boys, on the contrarv, take ereijttjii!; very cooUr.smd never hare to be resuscitated ia librarian's ofSce. Arxsnins of the moment is to give " coloured " dinners or luncheons. Pink, or yellow, for in--tn; c the u-hol® of the table decorations beinj carrii-d <.ut in vario"-' shades of the selected colonr. ev, i: ' lie sauces, ices, ±nd ereains being tinted to cnrri»;«,ii<i. The newest menu-card is a liar Louis XV. Ei-rii u, with ei.borately gilded sides and" top. able to make Auld thirds loolamai.-! !! eelsU,e ° ew , used to be cr.nfiJen-d high pr.ii- •- ls o lady decorators t " are er way—at successful least in propnrticn, witli furniture, as tlsi 1 r can imitate old Chippendale, old oak, or old Sher:it.iii furniture. Sometimes the old habit is too ttmn- f.T th< ro, however; for instance, when a qir.int I spinett is converted ir.ti a prosiac sideboard, an J instead of the ghosts of old-world romances, odours of dinner and black-coated waiters hover rotmd ir. Such are the mistakes that over-zealous lady decorators sometimes make. Now that the whooping cough season is at hand, and the east wind introduces other disagreral.'.a forms of catarrh into the land of the Lilliputs, the subject of the little ones' dress (remarks an authorit v on children's cluthing, writing in the Duly Kews) is worth a thought or two. They have all been having new raiment, both boys and girls, and aftur the trials of standing st ill to be fitted and trim on, and the proximity of cold steel in the form of scissors when the " neck was sloped," they are eager to eiperience the pleasantsideofnewclothesandwearthem as soon as possible. The children associate light tints and thin fabrics with summer joys, and vaguely hope to enjoy the latter when they don ths former. But the judicious mother knowB too well that the east wind is much more treacherous and dangerous tlian the hard frosts we have so recently experienced. Warm winter garments are not to be lightly relinquished, or, if any change be made in the upper strata, the thickness of those beneath must rather be increased than diminished. It is difficult to obtain sensible undergarments for the little onei. They generally stop short just where warmth is needed. Small petticoatbodices are cut away round tlie shoulders, leaving 11 <s upper part of the chest and back without the protection they afford to the rest of the body. Tin* really sensible petticoat comes up as high as the dres;:, < with the exception of tbe collar of the latter. Many experienced mothers choose this dnn^, r.ius &e.iso;:i "f eariy spring for putting new flannelson the youngsterj. They know that often a cough and cold is thuj averted. But too frequently the old traditions arc followed. The nursery folk are invested with new, warm flannels in autnmn, when they are not half so badly needed as now. In fonn, the small garments retain the impress of the " good old times,"" when children wore low bodies and short sleeves all day long, and Lhe underwear had to be planned consistently with this custom. Strong and hardy man and women were, it is true, sometimes reared under this system, but modern physicians are unanimous in condemning it. The climate may have changed. The characteristics and habits of our race may have altered. Certain it ia that the children of this generat ion are stranger, healthier, and happier when neck and arms are clothed than when the vanity of mothers causes the pretty little chest and arms to be displayed. Short socks are now seldom seen on any but babies in arms. Long, warm stockings of pure wool are the rule in winter and spring, substituted by a mixture of wool and cotton or Lisle thread in summer. IT is quite possible to dress children hygienieally without making frights of them, though eome parents do not seem to think so. They turn out their girls such objects that the sensitive little souls are exposed to the ridicule of their small world, with disastrous effect npon tbe tender, gentle spirit. A favourite fad is that of keeping the hair cropped short, like a boy's. It is true that undue length o£ locks is burdensome to the youthful bead and injurious in more ways than one. But there is a happy medium which avoida this, and at the same time permits the hair to be the ornament which it is evidently meant by Xature to be. Another ugly item in the programme of the hygienic school is tbe loose blouse bodice, which has absolutely nothing to recommend it. It makes the small wearers look round- shouldered ; and though its reason for existing is based on the theory that it averts tightness round tbe waist, every mother knows j that the tendenev of nureemaida is to tighten its fastenings in order to get rid of some of ita untidy effect. Another good argument against it is its chilliness. It bulges out from tbe figure and is not half so warm as a garment that fits more closely. Perhaps the very best form of house-dress for children is that which originated some seasons ago in the jersey costume for adults. It consists of a loDgwaisted bodice, to which a short skirt ia attached, the whole being made of warm stockinette,or woollen material. The bodice comes down well over the hips, and has either a wrong side of warm woolliness or a lining of some pure wool fabric. The ordinary dress linings of the grown-up wearer are all wron^, especially forchildren. Theyinterfere with the benefits conveyed by the wool. Daring the severities of the past memorable winter some sensible mothers had their little girls dressed in gowns of the above description, worn over warm woollen knicfcerbockexs to match, with but one comfortable knitted petticoat between. This was, like the woollen underwear, made to come np well in the neck. The outer dress could be modified to differences of temperature. Eibbed woollen stockings of the closest and most protective make, cover the lees, and most, on no account, be short. They should cover the limbs well up beneath the knickerbockers. In cttire of this order many a happy little girl has felt as independent as her brother during the long dark months, and has escaped the chills and conghs that so easily be?et the voung in our English wii,ter. Kosliing" bettei could be devised for their wear throughout the next few weeks, "till May is out." However bright and balmy a day may shine upon us here and there daring the next two months, there is certain to oe a return of the chill east wind. During the last few years, with the one brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, we have had hardly any warm weather till the end of June. 