| CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. On Monday evening the third session of the I first triennial Synod of the Churcb of England in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened at bt. Peter's Cathedral, when full choral service was held, and the Bishop of Adelaide (Right Rev. Dr. Kennion) delivered his pastoral address, which was listened to with marked attention by the large number o£ clergy and laity present. He eaid- _ .. _ Many changes hive taken place affecting our Church life in this Diocese during the past year. But for the most part these will be spoken of in the statistical report I shall have to lay before Synod to-morrow. Some losses to the Church at large I must, however, at least allude to this evening. In the death of the lamented Duke of Clarence the whole Empire has suffered a loss, and the whole Empire mourns with our Queen a,nd with the afflicted parents, and with the bright and good Princess whom the Prince was about to | lead to the altar. It has become increasingly evident that the loss to the nation is a realone, and that the character that was somewhat slowly shaping itself promised a very noble I maturity. Much, to my mind, unnecessary umbrage was taken by some persons at the character of the solemn memorial service held i in this Cathedral Church. That fault should be found because the Queens representative attended in a marked manner a memorial ser vice held in the Church of which the Prince was a zealous member, and to which the <^ueen herself belongs, is an affectation of zeal for I liberty which could only have been justified by that liberty of which the colonies boasb ' being in any way infringed upon. J±aa tne I Prince belonged to some other denomination it would have possibly been right for the Queen's representative to have attended a memorial service at a Church of .that denomi nation; but to say that the Governor of the colony in which there is no Established Church is not to be permitted as the Queen s represen 1 tative to attend a memorial service for one ol the Royal Princes, held in the Church of_ which the Prince was a member, and held, as m this ease, in the very building in Adelaide in which the lamented Prince worshipped when on his visit to the colonies, is in itself an attempt to restrict liberty which comes with Ul grace from those who profess to be acting with a view to guard it from encroachments. _ Only last year I was speaking to you of the translation from the Bishopric of 1 eterborough to the Archbishopric of York of the bruuant, sagacious, and able Dr. Magee. This year we have to mark our sense of the very deep loss the Churoh has sustained in his death. iie was but a few months Archbishop. Like a meteor he swept across the northern sky, as it was well said, bat no sooner had men caught the vision of brightness than it passed from them. No more eloquent son of the Church or, I believe I may say, of the State, has been known in our generation. ThiB has at least been said of him by one of England s foremost statesmen. It was my privilege to hear m 1869 bis magnificent speech in the House ot Lords on the disestablishment of the Irish Church. The scene was remarkable, lbe House was crowded. Friend and foe sat alike entranced with the extraordinary elo quence. At the close of the speech the whole House rose and cheered him, and it was some time before the House could settle againJto business. He has been succeeded in the Archbishopric by the well-known and much beloved Bishop of Lichficld, whose adminiBtra tion of his Diocese has been post wise and energetic, and whose rule as Archbishop wul be, we trust, much blessed to th© whole Church. in the late Bishop of Carlisle, beat known as Harvey Goodwin, the Church and Chris tianity generally have lost a notable cham pion. As a wise counsellor, a faithful friend, an earnest Churchman he has left many mourners. Ae one of the foremost mathema ticians of the day he had made his mark in winning the highest prizes Cambridge offered and in turning hiB knowledge to good account in the apsistance of others. His me waa a valuable evident of the true harmony between religion and scienoe. That he should be specially invited to preach the funeral sermon of Francis Darwin is an illustration worth the remembering of the fact that faith and scienoe are not so in opposition as some would regard them. Bishop Goodwin conse crated all his gifts to his Master's service, and by wise reasoning built up many souls in tne faith, and both in his administration of his DiooeBe and his work for the Church at large he has left a gap not easily filled. The Church house in Westminster which he originated will ever be assocated with his name. _ For the loss of Cardinal Manning and Mr. Spurgeon the whole Church is the poorer; buti the former has left us a noble example of the service of God in the servioe of man, and the latter has made many a mind all over the world stop and think about a future beyond the grave, and many a heart glow with the love ot the Saviour whom he loved to preaob. 1 am glad that at home at any rate a growing and true religious tolerance makes it possible to speak warmly of persons from whoin religious differences may separate us. Such religious tolerance is in no sense to be mistaken for m differentism, or to be confounded with ^ un denominationalism. In opposition, indee>., to the latter, so far from " sinking religious dif ferences," as the phrase goes, it implies the holding firmly to one's own principles while learning to respect other people for hold ing theirs; whereas the undenoimnational i&m; of whioh one hears so much said, and which seems to have its re presentation in certain rather considerable modes of Christian work out here, is a very one-sided arrangement so far as Episcopalians are concerned. For the whole theory ^ or the majority of non-Episcopalian denomina tions can be practically satisfied with the teaching given, say, in the Young Mens Christian Association; whereas, to speak only of ourselves, such teaching means the whole surrender of those principles of the Divine Sooiety which constitute the essence ol our churehmonehip and the practical acceptance of a new basis of religion in the place of that to whioh we bold. Bishop Philips Brooks once preached a very valuable sermon on religious tolerance, in which he vindicated its true posi tion. pointing out that although the first firm religiouBConvictionsinamaumightbeevidenced by intolerance, yet as his spirituality deepened and the grip on truth grew firmer he would become more toleranfi of others whose view of truth was different. Let us trust .that this stage may speedily be reached m South AGenerS Synod.-The vear just ended was marked by the Quinquennial Session of the General Synod. If to us who live at a distant* from Sydney the loss of time from our work here and the cost involved in ita attendance eeemB considerable, yet undoubtedly the Church as a whole in Australia and Tasmania gains through the Synod being held. It helps us to realize our coherence together, it enables us to strengthen one another s hands for our common work, it brings to the front our most capable men, and it emphasizes the fact that the true unit in all Church work is the Diocese and not the parish. It was a remark of the late Mr. Gilmore (a man whom I could not but admire, though he said many. things with which I oould not agree) that the Church of England out here seemed to busy itself only with its own organizations. X have oiten pondered over it and I think he was right, bat I do sot upon the whole think we are wrong. For our organization carrieB with it far more than one outeideitwould suppose. It involves the harmonious working of our ecclesiastical machinery and the continuous extension of our work. It means the provision wherever . our funds admit of (what we regard as) a duly qualified ministry, and therewith all the spiritual work and care for the sick and suffer ing, which undoubtedly accompany it. It thus tells more upon the real settlement of the country districts than is commonly recognised. In South Australia the Church of England may not be go much in possession as elsewhere, but yet from the lowest point of view her influence is of distinct value to the State ic assisting to attach her people to the locality which forms their home. It is probably true that the Church of England is not to the fore in social movements in this colony. But I do not know that her work is the less valuable in - consequence, and probably, on the principle ne sutor ultra crcpidam her duty and her wisdom is to be concerned with her own especial work. Should occasion arise for a new departure in her work, her present efforts will not have been found an unfitting preparation. So the fact that the General Synod occupied itself chiefly with matters of organization is from our point of view not to be regretted. A noble sermon on the boundless possibilities before us if we are only true to our mission was preached by the Bishop of Tasmania. The Primate, too, rose to the occasion in his opening address. Other Determinations.-Determination IV., which you will be asked to accept, provides rules for the appointment of Assistant Bishops. It will be in your recollection that last year in my Synodal address I brought under your notice a proposed canon of the Ameri can Church dealing with this sub ject, and our determination is practically based upon that canon. Two or three only of our number were aware of my object in bring ing this subject before you last year. I then had hopes, which it has pleased God should not be fulfilled, that my dear friend, Bishop Selwvn, forbidden as he was by medical advice to continue his noble work in Mela nesia, would have been able, as he was most willing to live in the climate of South Aus tralia and share my work. Six months ago, however, I heard from him that this was con sidered by Sir James Paget impossible. To many of you who now learn how nearly we were gaining the invaluable assistance of one whom you all so rightly hold in high estima tion this will be a disappointment, though vou will be thankful to know that improvement in Bishop Selwvn's health has taken place. Some criticism has been occasionally made upon this determination. Why not divide the over large Dioceses, and thus have an increase of Diocesan Bishops? Surely with new oentres of administration there would come a quickening of the spiritual life, both in the part newly separated off and also, through the greater concentration of the Bishop's work, in the part which remains. This is undoubtedly on enticing argument. But I bear in mind some wise words o[ counsel given by the Archbishop of Canterbury in a sermon preached before the Lambeth Con ference in 1SS8 againFt multiplying weak centres. And I fear it is just in these very DioceEes, which are most unwieldy in size, that the difficulty would be found of creating weak and not strong centres were the suggested divisions of Sees to be made. There would be, for instanw, a great difficulty in retaining the clergy in such new Dioceses. There would be a continuous gravitation of them after a few years'service towards the larger and stronger centres of work, and thus upon the poorer Diocese would be thrown the burden of oontinually having to provide new men, and that without the hope of ulti mately retaining them. The arrangement in this determination would give all the op portunity of more thorough Episcopal oversight of any one or more portions of the Diocese and would lessen the frequent distant journeys of the Diocesan, and so set him more free for work in the most thickly populated districts; while at the same time the various DioceBan funds would be as much available as beforehand for the clergy in the whole Diocese, and the power of moving them from work under very severe conditions to pleasanter Bpheres of duty would not be terminated. I do not know that at present the provision of an Assistant Bishop for this Diocese lies within the range of practical politics. But I think I may sav that the work a Bishop of this Diocese could do would be more than doubled in value were such an Assistant Bishop found to work with him. A resolution was passed by which a select committee was appointed to carefully consider and report to the next session on the subject of Church unity, or, to use a better known name, home reunion. I am becoming increasingly convinced that the less this movement is forced on the more sure it is to come about, and that, too, upon the lines laid down by the last Lambeth Conference, of which you have fre quently heard. _ Undoubtedly to those who belong to bodies of Christians that have separated from the Church the crux in the pro gramme is the necessary acceptance of the his toric Episcopate. On the ether three points -the creeds, the two sacraments instituted by our Blessed Lord, and the canon of Holy Scripture, there does not appear to be any insurmountable diffi culty. Nor will there be eventually (so I believe), however long a period may be required before the'point is fully understood, any so great difficulty as is now supposed on the momentous question of the Episcopate. Talce, for instance, these words of the most prominent of modern Wesleyan Methodists, the Rev. Pi ice Hughes" Personally I have no objection to an Episcopalian system. On thB contary, I believe that history lias demon strated that it is the best. I hold with Bishop Lightfoot that some form of Espisco pacy was probably established before the death of the Apostle John,.and all through the ages the Episcopal system has proved its effi ciency, especially for aggressive^ purposes." Or study, for instance, an article in the Westminster Review, a prominent Noncon formist quarterly serial, on Bishop Lightfoot's great work on the Ignatian Epistles, and you cannot help noticing the changed, tone which is to be observed among the less preju diced and more thoughtful non- Episcopalians since that remarkable book was published. I do not, of course, venture to say that all de nominations will everywhere come to regard the question in the same manner as we do, or even to accept the moBt modified form of Episcopacy. But as time goes on these will realize more and more the truth of the fact that "unity" and "catholicity" must form two of the notes of the true Church, and they will be led to see how of old these "notes" were guarded, and to seek how they may now be recovered. I humbly venture to think that this must have been the reason why Bishop Lightfoot-undoubtedly the chief of the Biblical commentators of our age-was induced to Bpend so many years of hiB life in eluci dating the true case as to the Ignatian Epistles. But while those that have been vindicated as genuine establish beyond doubt the recognised position of the Bishop in the sub-apostolic age, it is well to bear in mind the aspect of the Episcopacy which they present. It is as the guarantee of unity and ordei>-thab the Episcopate is insisted upon. It is not Episcopacy with twelfth-century ideas react into it; it is not Episcopacy with all the entourage of palatial residences. Still less is it the Episcopacy of the four horses and powdered tootmen character of a lately bygone age; but it is as the harp with the strings vibrating with the resonance of common prayer, common praise, and common counsel that the Bishop and his Presbyters and Deacons are represented; and who can say how great would be the victories of faith were such a unity to exist among English-speaking Christians? There are those who, oombat *;ng any statement of Episoopaoy being "the historic ;baokbone of the Churoh, love rather to dwell on the fact that there are gaps in the historical accounts especially in parts of the second cen tury, in which they say any theory of a oontinuous apostolic succession breaks down. But if (to borrow a metaphor whioh some on» once used) I can see a railway track of given gauge enter a tunnel's mouth, and find the same gauge continued at the other end of it, it is a fair presumption that the rails have been oontinuouB and the gauge uniform even where unseen in the tunnel-and the more does it appear a fair ground of reasoning if I can see a train enter the tunnel and oontinue to travel on the rails when emerging at the other end. The illustration points its own moral, and I need not press it further, lime under God's grace can alone heal the wounds which divi sions and separations have caused the Churoh. I deprecate haste, and above all I deprecate newspaper correspondence. Meanwhile prayer and study of the question, and, when the time is ripe, counsel, are our proper resort. Leaving now matters whioh came Wore the General Synod, I address myself to subjeota which peouliarly concern ourselves. The first of these is the claim that has been made for the representation in Synod of mission incumbencies. I am sorry to gather from a memorandum whioh has been sent to me from one ot the Northern townships, and which waB I see also published in the daily Press, that considerable soreness of feeling Prevails because some arrangement had nob Ben made which would have given this and other townships the representation they de sired. But the fact is that provision is made in olir fundamental provisions for the forma tion of any of our mission distriots into settled incumbencies and for their representa tion in Synod, only this has to be done in a certain prescribed mode. Whether it would be better to alter that mode or not is a question open to argument, and I would gladly encourage argument upon a motion duly brought forward. Last year, you will remem ber, we were placed in a somewhat awkward position by the pressure put upon us to accept a report, somewhat hastily drawn up, in order that a gentleman for whom I have the very highest regard and respect might take his seat as a duly qualified representative. The rejiort was not oocepted, for the proper re quirements had not been fulfilled, and hence the feeling of soreneBs, whioh has been intensi fied by the Standing Committee subsequently expressing itself unable to accept a report (perhaps the same one) whioh was'drawn up at a later period of the proceedings of the last session. Now it has to ba remembered that our districts or parishes fall into two or more groups.. There is first of all the mission dis trict, which is the most rudimentary stage of our work, in which the clergy working are mainly dependent upon the grants of the Bishops' Borne Mission Society. Then, se condly, as the work in the district takes a more permanent shape( and the places in it are served with regulanty and are able to con tribute a fixed amount to the stipend of their prieBt, a mission incumbency is formed and the looal contributions are supplemented by the Bishops' Home Mission Sooiety. Up to this point the district is not entitled to representation in Synod, and the patronage in virtue of the distriot being still in the mission stage rests with the Bishop Bolely. But the third stage marks a change. When tbe members of the Churoh in the mission incumbency are able to provide a sufficient stipend for their clergyman, so that they need be no longer dependent upon the Home Mission Society's funds, tuey can then apply to the Synod for due recognition, and if tbe amount of stipend is considered satis factory they can place themselves under the model truBt deed, elect, if they desire it, their own Patronage Committee, and send their representatives to Synod. They will then for fifteen years be placed upon the grant in-aid list, and be thus enabled to accumulate tor themselveB an endowment whioh would be perpetually secured to their parish. We are naturally anxious to see our incumbenoiea reach the third stage, and almost the only in ducement to pass into it which we can offer them is the promise of representation in Synod. If this is conceded at an earlier period I fear we shall have some inoumbencies still lingering in the mission condition who ought to advance to a more permanent position. I hope I have made tbe matter clear. But it is quite possible you may see faults in the existing arrangement and desire to have them altered. By all means let us make till the im provements we can. But it is scarcely fair to find fault with the administration of the regu lations, because the regulations themsalres do not in every case meet with approval. I have often thought, apropot to this subject, that a completely new division of our cures and a new nomenclature would be advisable, both with a view to simplifying arrangements and to holding out prospect of preferment to our clergy. Borrowing the name from America, and not fiom England, where it connotes different ideas, I should like to see the term, rectory employed for our most important cures, taking care that the term should be need only for such cures as have one and not more than one oonseorated parish Church, and are provided with parsonage (or reotory) and schools, and the income of which should exceed a defined figure; then, next, all those oures which have passed from the mission stage, but v/hish either from their being formed of a group of Churches, or from their being unable to raise the amount of required income, cannot be termed rectories, should have the name of incumbency restricted to them. The name of incumbent, although hardly euphonious, iB at least honourable. Qui tncumbit opcri is I suppose its meaning. Perhaps the use of tbe words vioar and vioarages might be preferred. Then mission districts, Berved by mission priests, and assisted by theB.H.M.S., would be a third clear division of work, and from these the mission priests would look for promotion to the incumbency or vicarage, and subse quently to the reotory. I would also gladly see, if it commends itself to you, a change in < cur Bystem of patronage. Perhaps it must necessarily remain with the Bishop to appoint to any work which iB in the mission stage- but for all ordinary cures of souls, excepting suoh as are under some trust deed' wbich is unalterable, I should gladly see a Patronage Committee formed of tbe fol lowing pattern (I learned the principle of it in Ireland):-That at eaob Synod: a small Board of PatronB not exceeding say five should be elected, and that at every Easter "Vestry a similar number should be elected for each parish to be brought under the operation of tbe Board; and that in the case of a vacancy that the ten persons ait together, or an equivalent number representing each interest, and the Bishop to preside* I think in this way yon would nave a guarantee that the most suitable T«i would be appointed, and not merely the man who happens to lie looally known but by no means the bebfc to appoint. Akin to these last-named subjeots is that of our Church of England Endowment Society. It has been discussed in previous sessions of Synod almost ad nauseam. Now the loncr talked-of Act of Parliament has been obtained, and it rests with us Churohmen by our aotions rather than by our words to give this valuable Society an impetus and a vitality that shall make its usefulness felt everywhere. I think its principles of operation are admirable. It helps extremely liberally those parishes whioh help themselves. But you know that by the Act there must be at least thirty subscribing members to enable the subscribers to elect their Director on the Board, and that a meeting should be held in May each year to promote and make publio the work of the Board. I sinoerely trust you will endeavour to support the Board at this important era in its history with Bome zeal. It will make all the difference, I believe, to its future success if at the pre sent time it receives general support. Our Board of Education will lay before you a highly satisfactory report of its work in the last year. Its expected fall through the intro duction of free eduoation has been turned into its very (by some) unexpected rise. There can be little doubt, I think, that we have now an opportunity if we have the courage to Beize it, of making a distinct advance in the number and wellbeing of our Church of England day schools. As time has passed by I must confess I had become less and less hopeful about the introduction of religious teaching into our State schools; and still less hopeful that our State school teachers would receive any suitable training for imparting religious knowledge, or that there would be any guarantee of their being the right persons to impart it. The analogy of the English Board School system breaks down in two im portant particulars. It has to be remembered that side by side with the Board schools stands a more important factor in the primary educa tion in England. For while in the year 1890 (the last for which I have returns) there were on the registers of the Board sohools 1,892,317 scholars; there were on the register of the Church of England or National schools 2,171,120; besides these there are also in the British and Foreign Societies' schools 330,640 soholars, in the Wesleyan 174,959, in the Roman Catholic 256,594, all of whom were reoeiving regular religious education. To compete with these (a striking evidence of the real desire of the majority of the parents) the School Boards are practically obliged to give such religious! instruction as tne Eduoa tion Aot permits. Close the Church and other voluntary dayschools in Eng land, and I believe the result would be much the same as it has been here, viz., that the Board sohools having no competitors would cease to be places where any religious instruc tion would oe given. Here, by the formation of our Church sohools- heavily handioapped as we are by the Free Education Act and our receiving no grant in aid of our work-we are still doing something to prove that the parents desire religious eduoation; but until our system is very largely developed we oannot expect it to have any effect on the State system. The other point in which the analogy fails is that nearly all the Training Colleges for teachers in England have been founded by religious bodies, mostly ly the Church of England. As the Board school teachers in nearly every case have passed through these, in whioh religious instruction and the art of giving it form a most important part of the curricu lum, they are as a rule proper per sons to be entrusted with the saored duty of giving religious teaching to children. Here, of course, at present there is no such preparation for State school teachers. It is plain enough, therefore, that if we want our children taught upon a religious basis of education we must do the work for ourselves. The Roman Catholics-all honour to them for it-do this, and we ought to be ready to make equal personal sacrifices. Most ear nestly, therefore, do I call upon my fellow Churchmen to stand together with me at this important juncture, and do their best to pro mote our Church dayschools, and thus secure religiouB education for some, at any rate, of our children. I have received, I dare say in common with many of you, a circular inviting me to become a member of an Anti-gambling League. I am quite at one with those who desire to cheok the vastly increased spirit of gambling. A valu able report upon the subject presented by the Northern Convocation cf England, based upon evidence gathered from the clergy, the Mayors of large towns, the chief constables, and Governors of gaols, shows that in England it is increasing to a somewhat alarming extent. It is clear that in a very large number of cases it has become a source of orime, and it is equally clear that it produces a serious loss of moral tone. In England it is said to be the ruin of many English sports.. From what I am in formed here I am inclined to believe that since the introduction of the totalizator the habit of gambling among both men and boys has largely inoreased. But I am by no means with the promoters of this League in thinking that they are taking a wise step in forming it. Gambling is not the only serious evil, and picture to yourselves tbe misery of life if a League were to be formed for the suppression of each form of vice that one would gladly see suppressed. Tbe multitude of Leagues to which one would have to be attached in order to be regarded as a respected member of society would be BO great that there would be a positive risk, of some hypocrite (who could hardly be suppressed by even an Anti-hynocritioal League) joining in all save the ' one that hindered him from his favourite indulgenoe, and compounding for his neglect to join that one by exhibiting the nnmber of badges of the Leagues to whioh he belonged. No, surely the right way to overcome tbe evil is to teach and to do the good. Teaoh men their property is a trust from God, and they have no right to squander it when so much needs to be done with it. Teach men more of the Eoval law-" to love their neighbours as themselves," and that to get the advantage of your neighbours by sharp dealing, whether on the racecourse, the stock exchange, or behind the counter of a country store, is equally a breach of that law. Teach men that a nobler exoitement than that of the hope of gain through the "purchase of chances" may be found in the unselfish desire to do some good for those who need it. Teach boys and men that in manly sports the honour of the old laurel wreath, or even the modern medal, is more to be desired than the stakes or the gate-money. Teach men above all, whether they work or whether they play, or whatsoever they do, to do all to the glory of God, and you will have done far more to check the evil spirit of gambling than by the forma tion of anj[ Y.M.O.A. League, which wqnld, I fear, only include those who have no disposi tion towards the evil it is formed to check. I have too long trespassed on your time. I close with but a remark or two on the progress of the building of the Cathedral. If this were to be considered as lees than a Diocesan object I should not mention it, but you all have, or should have, your interest in it. That funds are needed for the completion goes without Baying. There have been 110 great additions to our Building Fund this year, and we are very" far from having enough promised. to us to enable the roof to be reached. It wonld not be 9 suitable time to ask for very large contribu tions, but I am inviting a golden offering from as many persons as possible to be made on, or in the octave of, St. Peter's Day, June 29. I think I may fairly ask that such an offering may be sent - from every parish. Indeed, it would not be much to ask tbe same from every township and Church Sunday-school. I venture to make this request, I hope you will give effect to it. The Cathedral of the Diocese should be the model and the evidence of our worship. Its ereotion is valueless if it be not for the glory of God, but if it be to Bet forth His name and praise; if it be tbe outward ex pression of tbe genuine homage of our hearts j if it be the centre and sphere of our united worship, then surely it is due from us that we each give of our best, content to make a sacrifice that thereby _ we .may the better glorify our Father which is in Heaven. To-night, however, our offertory is for another purpose. You are asked to look wider afield. You are asked to assist our brother church men in Brisbane in their great undertaking of establishing another Diocese in Australia. Let us cheer their hearts by some tangible proof of our sympathy. We shall ourselves be twice blessed by giving-blessed in the fact that we are doing what is most practicable in the extension of the work of the Church, and bleBBed in the increased interest with which, when taking a larger outlook into the growth of the Church outside our colony, we shall addresB ourselves to our own work in the Synod, and on behalf of our own Diocese. In that work may God grant us each and all the guidanoe of the Holy Ghost. May He grant us patience, diligence, and an unfailing faith; and so far as it may tend to the increase of His glory may He prosper our handiwork. An offertory was afterwards made, which will be devoted to the Endowment Fund of the new Bishopric of Bockhampton, Queensland. On Tuesday afternoon the Synod of the Church of England in the Diooese of Adelaide met in the schoolroom of Holy Trinity Church, North-terrace; for the dispatch of business. Bishop Kenmon, as its President, occupied the chair. The following gentlemen were present: Clergy. - Bishop Kennion, Revs. Canon Andrews, C. S. Beaumont, T. Blackburn, M.A., G. S. Bowyear, B.A., T. M. Boyer, M.A., H. A. Brooksb&nk;, B.A., W. J. Bussell, W. A. Campbell, M.A., A. W. Clampett, M.A., W. Cooke, A. B. Corner, M.A., J. H. Corvan, B.A., B. T. Craig, D.D., J. C. Davies, B.A., L. Durno, M.A., Ven. Archdeacon Parr, M.A., IiL. D., Revs. T. Field, M.A., Canon Frenoh, M.A., G. E. Gibbes, Canon Green, C. W. Hawkins, A. Honner, W. S. Hopcraft, R. Kenny-M.A., A. G. King, J. Lumsdon, J. G. K. MacKenzie, M.A., the very Kev. the Dean of Adelaide, Bevs. R. T. MathewB, B.A., E. K. Miller, W. S. Milne, B.D., W. S. Moore, S. S. Moncrieff, Ven. Archdeacon Morse, M.A., Revs. W. H. Mudie, W. G. M. Murphy, K. M. Pitt, M.A., J. G. Pitcher, H. M. Pollitt, Canon Poole, M.A., R. Reid, F. W. Samwell, B. C. Stephenson, B.A., F. H. Stokes, J. Sunter, B.A., W. A. Swan, J. Warren, J. S. Wayland, R. B. Webb, M.A., F. Williams, M.A., M. Williams, B.A., F. H. Wilkinson, B. A.., T. Wood, M. C. Wood, M.A., E. K. Yeatoaan, M.A., and G. E. Young. Laity. - Messrs. VV. Shakspeare, W. H. Holmes, G. G. Mayo, W. Barlow, LL.D., J. Barker, D. Garlick, W. G. Randall, J. H. Cunningham, W. Chambers, F. J. Blades, W. C. Crawley, F. R. White, S. Dixon, Dr. A. A. Hamilton, Messrs. S. Best, T. C. Paltridge, M. Attenborough, Captain A. Inglis, Messrs. F. Doswell, C. Lyons, J. C. B. Moncrieff, T. Hardy, G. A. Parker, G. A. Connor, T. A. Parkhouse, O. H. T. Connor, G. H. Dean, Hon. J. Bosworth, M.L.C., Messrs. H. M. Hawkes, J. H. Wiles, J. N. Taylor, W. D. Clare, F. A. Grant, J. H. Luxmoore, W. B. Sells, W. S. Douglas, C. T. Hargrave, W. B. Webb, W. Bowermg, J. H, Packard, H. Kerr, jun., Messrs. J. W. Croft, W. H. Benham, A. P. Wyly, J. J. Sangster, G. H. Catchlove, T. W. Lyons, J. H. Thomley, C. J. Horrocks, Louis Giles, W. Pope, E. G. Blackmore, G. W. Hawkes, G. F. Wyatt, E. Bevthein, J. W. Castine, M.P., H. Lawrence, E. C. Rix, T. Stalley, G. Gill, R. Butler, Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., Messrs. J. R. Legoe, F. W. Penne father, LL.D., Dr. E. Elphick, Messrs. A. Short, E. L. Hamilton, E. B. Young, Dr. Curtis, Messrs. T. W. Vaudrey, S. T. Hipwell, J. Henderson, Hon. S. Tomkinson, M.L.C., Messrs. A. G. Pendleton, T. Pope, and J. Harvey. CHANGES IN THK DIOOESE. His LORDSHIP reported as follows:-The vacancy in the Incumbency of St. Cuthbert's, Prospect, caused by the death of the Rev. Canon Dendy, has been filled by the appointmentof the Rev. J. W. Owen. The Rev. A. W. Clampetthas been appointed to the united parishes of Glad stone, Laura, and Georgetown, and hiB place on Yorke's Peninsula haB been filled by the Rev. C. W. Hawkins. The Rev. L. Durno has been appointed to the Incumbency of Port Pirie, which was rendered vacant by the accep tance of the Incumbency of Kapunda by the Rev. G. E. Young. The Rev. T. M. Boyce has been appointed to the Parish of Port Eliiot; the Rev. J. H. Williams has suc ceeded him at Koolunga. The Rev. H. Wylie has been appointed to Renmark, the Rev. J. C. Davies to Orroroo, tbe Rev. A. G. King to the Buna, the Rev. J. Lumsdon to the charge of the South- Eastern Mission, the Rev. A. E. Corner to tbe Mission Incumbency of Qnorn, the Rev. W. Cooke to Port Linooln, the Rev. F. H. Stokes to Willunga, the Rev. W. A. Campbell to the Semaphore, the Rev. St. George H. W. Caulfield to MelroBe, and the Rev. J. G. K. Mackenzie to the River Murray Mission. During the past yfear the suburban missions have ceased to exist as such, and the various districts have been pro vided for as follows .--West Adelaide has been placed under the care of the Rev. H. M. Pollitt, with the Rev. J G. Pitcher working under liiin as curate in charge. Parkside was formed into a separate cure under tbe charge of the Rev. C. L. Marson, who, however, owing to ill-health, has unfortunately been obliged to resign and to return to England, Bow den and Enfield have been left in the charge of the Rev. B. C. Stephenson; the Rev. T. Field has accepted the care of St. Cyprian's, Lower North Adelaide, and of Islington. Kangaroo bland has at last obtained the services of a resident clergyman, the Rev. F. D. Maguire. The following clergy have left the Diocese during the past yearThe Rev. W. Ward, the Rev. W. M. Peape, the Rev. J. Orchard, and the Rev. C. L. Marson. The Rev. J. S. Wayland has resigned the Incumbency of the Burra, and has since been working as the Bishop's Missionary Chaplain. The Rev. E. K. Miller, after many years of work, has resigned the charge of the Parish of Willunga. I have ordained the following gentlemen during the year to the priesthood: The Rev. Tj. Durno, now Incumbent of Port Pirie; to the Deaconate, the Rev. W. G. M. Murphy, now licensed as Assistant Curate in tbe Qnorn and Hawker Mission; the Bey. J. Warren, lioenaed as Assistant Curate of Gawler; the Rev. F. W. Wilkinson, licensed as Assistant Curate of St. Paul's, Fort Ade laide; and tbe Rev. J. G. Pitcher, as Curate in charge of St. James', West Adelaide. The Rev. A. Wheeler, who is also in Deaoon's Orders, has been licensed as Assistant Curate in the South-East Mission. The number of clergy now holding the Bishop's licence iB seventy-two. The uoeosed lay readers now number 164. It is impossible to overrate the valne of the service'done to the Church by these and other voluntary lay helpers. The number of communicants returned for this year is 6,425. This is not so large as the number returned last year, which was 6,917. The explanation of the apparent falling-oS I think iB that last year's numbers muBt have been formed upon a somewhat different method of calculation. I say this because I find that tbe recorded acts of communion reach this year the number of 46,930, against 44,061 last year, or an increase of only 100 less than 3,000. The proportion of communicants to the whole population thuB shows as a little better than 1 in every 49; and when we remember that in 1883 it was 1 in every 98, and in 1887 1 in eveiy 57, we have much to be thankful for. The confirmation candidates last year were 695, as against 589. This is by no means a satisfactory number, and I earnestly hope that next year-as we are now better manned than before-we may see in this most important matters real improvement. The number of baptisms is 2,320, a slight improvement upon last year's return, which was 2,231. The number of churchings was 462, as againBt 645 in the previous year. This, I am informed, is in some part due to the omission of the clergy to enter in the record bookB the services of churchings which they have performed, but it is a matter which muBt be attended to. The marriages are about the same, 380, as against 378. The burials I am sorry to say snow a slight increase-680 as against 578. In the number of Sunday scholars and teachers there is a satisfactory increase. The Sunday scholars have increased from 10,461 last year to 11,221 this year, and the teachers from 958 to 1,012. Our Church day schools are specially reported upon in the report of the DioceBan Board of Education. You will listen with pleasure to the statements the Board are able to make. You will be glad to know that the numbers^ of the boys at St. Peter's College has also slightly increased." ELECTION COMMITTEE'S BEFOBT. From the report of the Election Committee for 1892 we extract the following:-The com mittee regret the decease of Messrs. J. E. Moulden, who represented St. Peter's, Robe, and C. B. Mitchell, who represented St. Jude's, Port Elliot. "The resignations of the following members of Synod have been accepted by the Lord Bishop:-Messrs. G-. W. Sillifant, A. Boult, S. Toms, J. Styles, A. C. Harley, T. O. Jones, J. C. Wharton, and F. Halcomb. Mr. F. W. Wilkinson was admitted to Holy Orders on September 13, 1891, and, in consequence, his seat as a lay representative for St. John's, Macclesfield, became vacant. Certificates of the election of the following gentlemen to fill vacancies have been received: -Messrs. W. Shakespeare, C. E. Sabine, J. W. B. Croft, T. C. Paltridge, T. W. Lyons. J. H. Grundy, and Captain Inglis. Mr. E. Lovelock, whose seat was in April last declared vacant in consequence of his having been absent from a whole session of Synod without the Bishop's consent, has been re elected to represent Christ Church, Yankalilla. The following Churches entitled to representa tion in Synod have not exercised their privi lege of electing SynodsmenSt. Mary's, Echunga; St. Margaret's, Green's Plains; Holy Cross, Mount Gambier; St). Alban'e, Gladstone. The committee would point out that no exist ing regulations provide for the case of Churches which having been admitted to representation in Synod on the ground that they provide a reasonable income or a reason proportion of an income for the Incumbent, do not now provide that income, and should not, therefore, retain the benefit of representation. Your committee would suggest that some regulation should be made to meet such cases, as they have reason to believe that some of the Churches which now send representatives do not provide this reasonable income." The report was received. SCSrENTATION FTOTD. The Sustentation Fund Committee ap pointed by Synod in May, 1891, reported as follows " The committee drew up rules for the management of a Sustentation Fund to increase the stipends of_ the Incumbent clergy in the Diocese of Adelaide, especially those in county districts, and submitted them to the Standing Committee, who amended them in several points, and finally approved them on August 12,1891. The committee beg further to report that they have used personal solicita tions to Churchmen, as far as was in their power, to obtain subscribers to the fund, but were only successful to alimited extent. They also issued circulars explaining the objects of tbe fund, together with copies of the rules, to all the clergy of the Diocese, requesting their assistance in obtaining subscribers, but that the response to their appeal has been by no means in accordance with the warm reception given to the proposal in Synod. Out of £165 Is. 6d. received for income up to December 21, 1891, only £6 5s. has been received in answer to the circular. After payment of preliminary expenses they were able to hand over £152 10s. 7d. of income and £20 of capital to the committee of subscribers formed in accordance with the rules of management. Since December 21,1891, the sum of £50 15s. has been received by the Subscribers' Com mittee by way of further subscribers. The sum of £120 has been granted to Incumbents by that committee, and such committee has now in hand the sum of £103 5s. 7d. A copy of the rules, the balance- sheet, and list of sub scribers is hereto annexed. The committee have not met to consider the second matter referred to them by Synod, viz., to look into the state of the finances of the older parishes of this Diocese, and to collect information from other DioceseB &b; to the formation of a Central Fund, from which local contributions might be subsidized. With regard to the formation of a Central Fund Archdeacon Morse has ob tained a large amount of information as to the practice of other Dioceses; this he has sum marized and submitted to the committee; but the committee not having had time to deal with it, beg to forward it to the Synod, toge gether with the letter of enquiry addressed Dy the Archdeacon to the Bishops of the various Dioceses." FINANCIAL BOARD'S EEPOBT. _ From the third annual report of the Finan cial Board we extraot the following: " Audit.-The new system of continuous audit introduced on July 1,1891, has been found to work very satisfactorily. The Auditors ap Eointed by the Board are-Mr. J. H. Cunning am and Mr. J. Henderson. These gentlemen receive a remuneration of £40 per annum each, which is provided for by a pro raid charge on the several Church funds. Church Office Banking.-In order to save interest on over drafts the Board, with the consent of Standing Committee and other governing bodies con cerned, decided instead of keeping the Bank ing account of each Church Office Fund separately ns heretofore, to include them in two accounts. The Church Office income account is kept at the Union Bank of Austra lia, and the Church Office capital account at the National Bank of Australasia. Seeof Ade laide.-Theleaseofthe Victoria-square acre was mortgaged for £3,500. The repayment *>y the attorneys of the 3.P.G. of a portion of the See capital deposited with them enabled the Dean and Chapter, the freeholders, to pay off this mortgage, and the property iB now unencum bered, the lease having merged in the freehold. Through the agency of tne committee ap pointed by the last Synod a long standing income account overdraft has been paid off. The Board has estimated the Episcopal income for 1892 at £1,000. Synodial Assessment The whole of the assessments for the year have been paid with the exception of Carrieton, 10B.; Millicent, 19s. 8d.; Port Wakefield, £1 Is.; Woodside, 10s.; Yorketown, £1 Is : total, £4 Is. 3d. The receipts for the year from all sources have amounted to £40714s. 2d., which, with the balance of £13 0s. 5d. from the pre vious year, make a total of £42014s. 7d. The expenditure has amounted to £400 8s. 7d., leaving a surplus of £20 6s. _ A reference to the Synou accounts will show that the Financial Board granted, with the ap proval of the Standing Committee, from the sum received by them for fees and commis sions the sum of £105, charged to _ the various funds on investments of capital. The promise of a grant of £100 by the Finan cial Board, with the approval of Standing Committee, has permitted of the rate of assess ment of Churches being again calculated at 3d. in the pound. The undermentioned Churches failed to make returns, as required by the regulations, and their assessment was therefore fixed bjr the Standing Committee: St. Paul's, Adelaide, Bowden, Mallala, Mount Torrens, Quorn, Redhili, and Woodside. Appeals against the assessments mado by the Standing Committee have been received from St. Paul's (Adelaide), St. Peter's (Petersburg), St. Peter's (Robe), and St. Michael's (M'lli cent). In the cases of Petersburg and Milli cent the appellants asked that their assessments might be reduced from £2 5s. 6d. and £13s. 3d. respectively to nothing. Synod is rcoom mended to decline to alter the assessment. In the case of St. Paul's, Adelaide, it is recom mended that the assessment be reduced from £10 to £6 17s. 6d., the amount at whioh the Church would have been assessed had the return been made in proper time. At St. Peter's, Kobe, the assessable amount includes £30 raised by special effort towards the stipend of the clergyman. It is recommended, that this £30 be excluded from the calculation, and the assessment reduced from £119a. 9d. to £1 12s. 3d. accordingly. Tots! co?t of year book to Synod, £43 lis. lOd. _ Price Bequest. This bequeBt of £250, which is held in trust for the benefit of the Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, is invested on mortgage at 6J per cent, per annum. The interest received fcr the year ending December 31,1891, amounting to £3 Is. 2d., Jtias been paid to the Incumbent. It should be mentioned that for some period last year the principal was uninvested, and portion of the accrued income was not received till after the close of the year. Collection Table. -The following is a comparative statement of the annual collections during the past three years Home Mission Fund, £25319s. 8d., £230 5s. 9d., £278 10s. lid.; missions to heathen, £14414s. 4d., £105 lCs. 2d., £149 8s.; Clergy Superannuation Fund, £121 2s., £124 12s. 2d., £147 Is.; Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, £140 4s. Id., £13810s. 5d.,£1391s. 7d. Allen Pastoral Aid Fund.-The income for the year amounted to £51219s. 9d. Out of this sum the Lord Bishop granted £425 12s. Id. to the Synod in aid of clerical incomes. A special grant of £10 was made, and the ex penees of management were £45 19s. Id. The capital of the fund is invested on satisfactory securities; the average rate of interest is 6 per cent. Endowment of Churches Fund.-The income actually received for the year, in cluding £54 13s., granted by the attorneys of the S.P.G., amounted to £1,483 19s. 5d. The interest on endowments paid to Incumbents was £1,428 3s. 4d.; the minimum rate was G percent. The attorneys of the S.P.G. also granted £100 towards the endowment of poorer Churches. As was the case last year, the distribution of this grant was made by Standing Committee on the recommendation of a sub-committee consisting of the Lord Bishop, the Dean, and the Archdeacons. The following Churches received £20 each towards their capital endowment:-St. Mary's, Wallaroo; Christ Church, Mount Barker; St. Ann's, Aldinga; St. Mary's, Echunga; Christ Church, Strathalbyn; St. John's, Auburn; St. Matthias', Myponga; and St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln. The amount contributed parochially towards the endowment of Churches was £5016s. lid., and the sum granted by the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society was £240, thus increasing the capital of the General Synodal Endowment of Churches Fund by £901 6s. lid. Clergy Widow and Orphans Fund.-The total income for the year was £1,013 178. 4d., and the expenditure £01718s. 5d., including £406 14s. 9d. paid in annuities, £31 repaid to two clergymen who removed from the Diocese, and £62 18s. 2d. paid for rates, repairs, insurance, &e.; The saving of income for the year was £39518s. lid. Clergy Superannuation Fund.-The income for tne year was £684 lis. 3d., and the expenditure, including £110 paid in annuities, and £13 4s. repaid "to a clergyman who with drew from the fund, was £19!) 16s. 4d. The Rev. E. K. Miller, who resigned the cure of Willunga with Aldinga and Noarlunga on January 1, 1892, has been placed on the list of annuitants, the amount of his annuity being £215, or at the rate of £5 for each of the forty three years during which he had held the Bishop's licence. There are now two annui tants, whose joint annuities amount to £325. Out of seventy-three clergymen licensed in the DioceEe fifty-five are members of this fund. Thirteen new clergymen, who have been licensed by the Bishop since last Synod, have joined the fund in accordance with the regula tions. Gerrard Bequest.-The trustees paid the sum of £11 Os. 6d. to each of the following fundsClergy Widow and Orphan Fund, Clergy Annuity Fund, Home Mission Fund, and Melanesian Mission. The LC.E.E.S.-The account of receipts and expenditure for the year ending December 31, 1891, was forwarded to Standing Com mittee by Mr. C. A. Oldham, the Secretary. Theaudited balance-sheet was received from the Board of Directors. Missions to Heathen. -The total amount collected in Churches for the year was £149 8s., £13 17s. of which bas been paid to the New Guinea Mission at the request of the Churches contributing, and £135 lis. has been paid to the Melanesian Mission in accordance with resolution of Synod." SYNODAL OFFICEBS. The following officers were appointed: Clerical Secretary, Rev. Canon Green; Lay Secretary, Mr. G. W. Hawkes; Reporter, Rev. F. W. Samwell. LATE DTIKE OF CLARENCE. Bishop KENNION moved-" That this 3ynod desires to record its dee]) sense of the loss the whole empire has sustained in the death of His Royal Highness the late Duke of Clarence, and appoints the Dean, the Rev. H. M. Pollitt, and Professor Pennefather to be a committee to prepare humble addresses of con dolence for presentation to Her Majesty the [ Queen and their Royal Highnesses the Prino©' and Prmeeas of Wales, and that such committee be directed to have the addresses executed, wider the seal of Synod, sad to respectfully request His Excellency the Governor to for ward them." Mr. G. W. HAWSES seoonded. Carried unanimously. BISHOP KENHlON's PASTORAL, A vote of thanks was passed to the Bishop for his pastoral address on'the'motion of DEAK MABBYAT, eeoonded by Mr. G. W. HAWSES. BEFBE8ENTATIVES TO .OENEBAL SYNOD. The following gentlemen were appointed as representatives to the General Synod for the ensuing yearClerical-The Dean, Canons Andrews, Green, Poole, and French, and Key. H. M. Pollitt; to supply emergencies, Arch deacon Morse and Rev. T. Field. Lay Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, J. C. B. Monorieff, C. B. Young-, J. H. Paokard, Professor Penne father, and C. Lyons : to supply emergencies, Mr. H. hi. Downer, M.P., and Mr. J. Barker, SYNODAL ASSESSMENT. Mr. J. H. THOBNLEY moved and Mr. O. LYONS seconded-"That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by Standing Committee." Standing Committee proposed a late of 3d. in the pound. Carried. SPECIAL MEETING. Canon GBEEN moved-" That a special meet ing of Synod be convened for Thursday, the 19th inst., at 3 o'clock, for the purpose of ' accepting the determinations passed at the late General Synod." Canon POOL® seoonded. Carried. MELANESIAN MISSION. Mr. G. W. HAWKES moved and Mr. W POPE seconded-"That unless otherwise directed by the Church contributing, the col lections for missions to the heathen for the year ending Easter, 1893, be devoted to the Melanesia.n Mission." As an amendment - Dean MABBYAT moved and Canon Andeews seoonded-"That subscriptions - be divided equally between the Melanesian and New Guinea Missions." The DEAN con sidered the New Guinea Mission should not be neglected. Canon FBENOH said if the amend ment were carried it would mean a slap on the face for the Melanesian Mission, He would oppose iti. The amendment was lost, and the - motion carried. . STANDING COMMITTEE OP SYNOD. Canon FBENCH moved and Archdeacon MOBSE seconded-"That leave be given to introduce a measure to amend fundamental provision 14 by the substitution of the words ' The Standing Committee of Synod' for the words ' The Synod* in line 9." The alteration would empower the Standing Committee to place congregations on the list of parishes to be represented without waiting for a meeting of Synod. Several Synodsmen thought the change undesirable. Synod went into com mittee and adopted the measure, which was agreed to by the Synod as a whole. It was decided to call Synod together on June 2 to ratify the measure. REPRESENTATION OF MISSION INCUMBENCIES. Canon ITRENCH then moved-"That leave be given to introduce a measure to amend fundamental provision 14A by omitting the words after 'or' in lines 4-5, I 'in the case of a united _ parish."' HiB object was to allow Mission In cumbencies to send representatives to Synod, especially those of the North. Arch deacon MOBSE seconded. The Rev. R, M. PITT, of Petersburg, in supporting, stated'' that the Orroroo Vestry had passed a con demnatory resolution as to the adverse manner in which the Churches in the North were ? treated by the Synod. As this subject bad been referred to in the Bishop's Pastoral .1 Address, he would like to say that the clergy in the North at the ruridiaoonal meeting' passed a motion in opposition to tbe resolution passed at Orroroo, as no ill-feeling existed in the North towards the Church authorities in Adelaide. The motion, Canon GBEEN thought would not effect what Canon French wished The motion was withdrawn. BEPBBSENTATION AND CHUBOH INCOME. Canon POOLE moved and Mr. Q. LYONS seconded-" That leave be given to introduce i a measure for the purpose of amending funda mental provision 14A by the addition of the following words :-'Before the third session of every Synod the Election Committee shall review the incomes received by all olergy from Churches represented in Synod and shall report to Synod all oases where in their opinion such income or portion of income is. not reasonable within the meaning of this fundamental provision, and shall recommend' Synod, if it think fit, to deprive such Church or Churches of the benefit of representation."' It was pointed out that there was no provision. io achieve the purpose which the mover had in view. There should be no representa tion in Synod in case where a Churoh did nob. provide a reasonable income for the clergy- - man. The motion was withdrawn on the sug gestion of Bishop Kjcnnion, because it would. hamper the work of the committee which, would be appointed to deal with the question. Archdeacon MOBSE moved and the Rev. A. W. Cla&IPETT; seoonded-"That a oommittee> be appointed to consider the whole question of - representation in Synod, and to report to a. special meeting of Synod, to be called at Buch. time as the Bishop and Standing Committee, shall deem expedient." The BISHOP felt that the financial basis of representation at pre-* sent in vogue was unsatisfactory, and he pre-, ferred that the representation to Synod ahould. be based upon the number of communicants in, each parish. The motion was carried. The following gentlemen were appointed as a com mittee :-TheBishop, the Dean, Canons French and Green, Eevs. W. S. Hopcroft, Messrs. W-. Pope, C. Lyons, and E. G. Blackmore, and. the Tens. Archdeacons Farr, Dove, and Morse. FUNDAMENTAL pbovisions COMMITTEE. Dean MABBYAT moved and Canon GBEEN. seconded-"That the report of the Fonda mental Provisions Committee, as recommended by Standing Committee for adoption by this. Synod, be so adopted." The various clauses, of the report were discussed at length. Ulti mately the discussion was adjourned until Wednesday. The following resolution was passed:-That the Fundamental Provisions and Regulations not fundamental now stand as rearranged in chapters in the form of Schedule A. NOBTH-BOAD cemetebt. Dean MABBYAT moved-"That the report, on the North-road Churoh of England Ceme tery be adopted, and thatthiB Synod authorize the increase of the Snstentation Fund from, moneys now in band from £500 to £900." Mr. C. B. YOUNG seoonded. Carried. CLERGY SUBTENTATION FUND. Mr. M. Attenbobough moved and Canon POOLE seconded the adoption of the report of the Clergy SuBtentation Fund. The object of the fund was to increase the stipends of the incumbent clergy of the DioceBe of Adelaide* more especially those in the country districts. Carried. On" Wednesday the Synod resumed' its sitting ' at Holy Trinity Church schoolroom, when Bishop Kennion oocupied the chair. Among (other matters dealt with were resolutions to allow of women of any Churches in future, coming under the model trust deed, power to vote in Vestries as well as men. They were carried, and leave was given to have the general laws of Synod altered so as: to allow of this being done. Canon French^ criticised '-the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund report, and moved an adverse motion to its ?adoption.' Consideration of the matter was ipostponed. - An earnest committee asked the Synod to adopt a new bode of regulations relating to the discipline of the clergy. After some discussion the committee was reap pointed, and Bishop Xennion was requested to \- obtain the opinions of the .clergy in the rori deconal chapters on the regulationa as early as . posaitilel 