By the Lotta Fountain. Three unknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from the old iron of Lotta's Fountain "This town is no place for me," said the first. "Although I am the Original altri monial Iureau, my fame is overcast. Mayer ' Bureau for Private transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my goose forever." "Look at me," whispered a second. "I was portly and rich: now I am only a ghost of myself. I was an Endowment Association, and a party named Tobin -coposed my little game of Assurance." " Foolish ones r" said a third. "You have made bad breaks, and must lie low for a while. But you, my dear Matrimonial, will still find Country Flats and City Dudes. You, my respected Endowment Association can pull up stakes and go to Seattle. But I have no such relource. Iam Completely Dished." He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay. "You are right," they said, speaking to gether. "We cannot associate with you any longer. A Life-Saving service that does not Save Life is somewhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself in a sand.hil." BE?zoasa Franklin was once travelling in cold weather and saw no vacant place at the tavern-fire where he could warm himself. He cried out the order: "Half a peck of oysters in the shell for my horse." Upon this, all the fire-place crowd rushed out to, see a horse eat oysters. Very soon the hustler returned. and said: "Why, sir, your horse won't eat the oysters." " Wont he I" said Franklin, now comfort. fortably seated by the fireside; " well, then, bring them in and cook them and I'll eat them myself." A nouosnornzE discovered that a spark from a neighboring oonflagration had fallen upon his own slightly slanting roof, andhed set fire to the shingles. All the buckets and tubs had gone to the big fire, and there was no one to send after them, even had there been time for such a measure; but the man was equal to the emergency; 'He rushed to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down .in the water. To run upstairs and out upon the roof was the work of a moment; and then he" sat on" the' fire in more senses than one, and saved the house. IT is eharacteristi of seome good.natured men alwayato agree with those with whom they converse. It is with them a point of politeness never to differ, which. sort of politeness is dertainly a very amiable kind of tact. We have a capital instance of thevalue of this policy in the sensible speech of the man who, during one of the Belfast riots, was asked by a mob what his religion was. He did not know whether his interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, but he looked at their weapons, their bludgeons, and their firearms, surveyed all carefully and answered: ." Gentlemen, I am of the same opinion as that gentleman there with the big axe." A coLO.'L in the French army who had a great eye for neatness, but not much of an ear for music, took occasion one day to com pliment his band.master on the appearance of his men. "Their aniforms are neat," said the colonel, "and their instruments are nicely polished and kept in order, but there is one improvement: that I must' insist' upon," "What is it, colonel, -" ,! You must train you men, when they per. form, to lift their fingers all at exactly the same time and at regular intervals on their inetrumenits, s--one, two I one, two I" Tnz eel lays its eggs, or brings forth its young alive. in the sea, where no one has a chance to observe the process. Other fishes, like the shad, leave the ocean to spawn in fresh-water streams, but this curious and slippery customer does precisely the reverse. The young eels, newly born or hatched, leave the salt water, and make their way in armies u: the rivers inland, 