CHINA AND THE EAST. {From Papers to 22nd December.) SERIOUS GAOL OUTBREAK AT BANG- KOK. The Bangkok Times states that about 4 p.m. on 4th December a serious outbreak oocurred at the gaol, which was only repressed by the military guard with some difficulty. Twelve Sikh guards were engaged by tho Government early in the week, and eleven of these were on duty at the time referred to. The prisoners, in batches of about 300 each, were in separate sheds, having their suppers, and one of the Sikhs ordered a number of them to sit closer. They did not obey, and he used force to compel them, whereupon the whole of the gang of 300 men attacked him and the other Indians, using as missiles the brickbats which com- posed the pathways. The Sikhs, who were only armed with long bamboos, ran towards the gate, receiving many wounds from the missiles hurled after them by the pur- suing mob. At the wall they were brought to bay, and within a few seconds would probably have been killed, when a guard of twenty-four soldiers, who had hurried round from the adjoining guardroom, appeared on the broad parapet above, and were ordered to fire. They did so once or twice without causing the mob to retreat, but a succeeding volley was more effective, one prisoner being shot dead, another receiving a bullet in the chest, with probably fatal results, and three others being wounded in the lower parts of the body. The rest fled at once, and were soon secured, reinforcements of military and police having arrived. One of the Sikhs was ap- parently seriously injured internally, and all were bleeding considerably. Fortunately Dr. Willis, the visiting surgeon, was in the gaol at the timo, so that aid was at hand. The Governor, Phra Apai, Luang Anumat Manookit, Chief Inspector of the City Police, and many leading officials, arrived in a few minutes, ana order was promptly restored. Rifles had already been provided for the Sikhs, we under- stand, and would have been served out in a day or two, in which case, probably, the emeute would not have reached such serious propor- tions. As it was, only the close proximity of the strong military guard, and the alacrity with which they turned out, saved the men's lives. MURDER OF A CAVALRY OFFICER. At 3 o'clock a.m. on the 7th December a dreadful murder was committed on the Koningsplein Weltevreden (says the Java Bode). A cavalry officer who was trespassing in one of the houses was brutally butchered whilst he was defenceless and almost without clothing by native servants armed with sword set on by their master under the pretence that it was thought there was a thief in the house Although so helpless the officer fled to the Koningsplein, where he appears to have fallen and was then hacked and cut about as he lay upon the ground. The right hand was cut off at the wrist and the left wrist half cut through. The tendon achilles of one foot was cut through, and there were other fearful wounds on the chest, stomach, and thigh, nineteen wounds in all, and yet he was alive and con- scious. He was lying within eighty yards of the Resident's house, within sixty yards of the Resident's native guard, and the guard was aware of the occurrence. There were two public night watchmen within 300 yards. Notwithstanding this the poor fellow was lying weltering in his blood for nearly two hours, and finally the schout and an ambulance were fetched by one of the householders on the Koningsplein. The officer died at 4 p.m. the same day. There was of course the usual creature at the bottom of the abominable crime. A number of troopers, two of them carrying revolvers, having heard of their officer's death, went to take summary vengeance on the master of the house where the murder was committed, but he was not at home. They smashed a pair of mirrors, and would have done further damage had not the Resident placed a guard on the house and had the men confined in barracks. The funeral took place with military honours on the 9th. A SINGAPORE SNAKE STORY. The Shenpao, a vernacular newspaper pub- lished in North China, gives currency to the following snake story:— A Singapore Chinaman, with an assistant, kept a grocery store in one of the Straits Settlements. Lately, after a heavy night's rain, the Chinaman, finding the morning air to be damp and cold, attempted to pull the bed covering over him, but felt it to be un- usually weighty. Tugging at it with much force it did not yield, and on taking a look at it to his great horror he perceived a great snake coiled on it at the foot of the quilt. The reptile did not stir, and in a loud whisper the assistant was summoned, and together they made a running noose with a piece of pliant rattan and safely slipped it around the snake's neck. Then attaching two stout ropes to the two ends of the noose the two began to haul away, tightening the noose at every pull. The struggle, though unequal, was a severe one. Crockery utensils, packages of teas, ginger preserves, barrels of flour, and all other articles within reach of the snake's tail were smashed or sent flying about the room; but the snake gave up the ghost. The monster measured 12ft. in length and over 2ft. in circumference. The Chinaman, as far as his store is concerned, is utterly bankrupt, and the last we have heard of him was his intention to go into the snake- catching business. THE MASSACRE OF CHRISTIANS IN NORTH CHINA. The Shanghai Mercury published the sub- joined extracts of letters, relating to the massacre of Christians in Mongolia, on the 2nd November:— "Peking, November 25.—300 Christians of both sexes, young any old, have been killed, and the Chinese priest Ling has been cut to pieces at San-che-t'ian- fang-za, in Eastern Mongolia. The Tsai-li bands are savage, and march on other missions to the northward. The soldiers are in pursuit; the bands will probably not pass the Great Wall." November 27.—Yesterday we received further news of the doings of the band of fanatics who have made such a disastrous raid in Mongolia. The name of the place San-chi-chia-tsen means "the thirty families." It is situated in the neighbourhood of Jehol. From Pakeou, where the Tsai-li made many victims and burned the houses of the Christians, they went at noon on 19th November to Chatao-tze, where some forty Christian families have their houses, and there renewed their de- predations. On the evening of 20th November a horde burnt Niemen-tze, a place where eighty Christians reside, about sixty-five li to the south-west of Pa-keou. Next day, 21st November, they proceeded to Pien-kin- tze, some twenty-five li west of Jehol, and there massacred the Christians and burnt their houses. One Christian, who managed to escape, succeeded in reaching here yesterday with a letter from Pére van Dick, which gives many horrible details of the movement, and assures us that all the children in the orphanage at Tong-tze-ho were roasted alive by the Tsai-li, and that not one Christian escaped with his life from that place. A courier, who was sent from Pa-keou to warn Bishop Rutjes and the missionaries living in Pe-tze-shao, was caught by the Tsai-li and murdered and muti- lated by them in a horrible manner. No news has as yet reached Pekin from that region, but as the inhabitants, who all profess the Christian creed, are hardy mountaineers and hunters, it may be expected they will offer a vigorous re- sistance to the barbarous Tsai-li. The chief of the Tsai-li belong to the pro- vince of Shantung. The sect is especially strong in Peking, were both Manchus and Chinese are enrolled among its members, some of whom are to be found even in the palace itself. The towns and villages whose inhabi- tants are willing to pay a certain amount of blackmail to the leaders of this dread organi- sation are safe from attack by the sect. The present movement has, of course, nothing in common with the recent Kolao-hwei campaign. The Tsai-li hold meetings at regular periods, when a large banquet is provided for the members, and the chief makes exciting speeches from a raised seat at the upper end of the apartment. Every member has to contri- bute a certain sum towards these banquets, at which a plan of campaign is sketched out to be followed until the next reunion. The members communicate with one another by means of secret signs and passwords, but their system is not so elaborate as that of the "Heaven and Earth League." || There died recently at Wiesbaden, at the age of 80 years, a much-esteemed German authoress, Amely Bölte, who began her literary career when living in London as a governess, by writing essays on English literature and English manners for German papers. She received encouragement from Carlyle and Varn- hagen, returned to Germany in 1851, and wrote for Gutzkow's periodical. She then began to publish novels, among those relating to England being "A German Palette in London, and "The Note-book of a German Physician in London," perhaps the best liked of her works. These works were, however, still in the style of sketches, but she afterwards devoted herself to romance, and produced more than 400 works, of which most were in two or three volumes. In these she strove for the improvement of the social position of women. 