THE RIGHT SORT- BOIIANCE of THE BRIBE. B ' MSB. EDWARD KEN'NAJiD. CHAT'ER XX.— Puf.i'ahiw! vou itibLukbs' STtKI'L.KCl£ASE. Thai v&ned; by hunting, heartburnings, eport,mtly jealousies, aud gossip, time glided by, utiil at length the eventful day arrived on whiclithat source of infinitely more mixed pas sions, he ladies' steeplechase, was to he decided. JtbKheeu settled for a Tuesday, and though suopoed to be a profound secret. the knowledge ofitsakingplacebadeomehowleakcd out. The compratively early hour of one o'clock was defiattly fixed for the start, several far-seeing xndivduals declaring that in suy attempt to fcrinjthe joekeyessea to tlio post a considerable dela; was sure to arise, partly through their jnexnrience, out eiui more torougn tne dini- coins of the fair competitors in arranging the axtaQCies of toilette to tbeir satisfaction . The kinvtld Earl, who had thoroughly entered into the eirit of the thing from first to last, bad ignled hia i intention of entetiaiuing the riders andheir friends, when the race was over, to a sumtuous lunch, immediately after which the up would be )resented to the fortunate wider amid all the formal pomposity of cp&h-maldng; and health-drinking. %e morning lucidly broke lair and still. Sol grey clouds filled the sky, swept gently onkrdB by a mild south-westerly breeze. It hairatned fast during the night, leaving each blse of grass and faded russet leaf trembling xtnir the silvery weight of the crystal burden impsed on it, every one of which 'shone like a spwing gem as the pale face of the suu strgcled bravely out from amougst the misty shfua encircling it, while those hardy birds wb scorned to foraakdtheir storm-swept home totoilder climes, lured by the geuial atmo- Optra, strutted about the moist roads, head on Unhide, seokingfaero and tberea precarious live- lilrid with acheerfuloeesaud an activity which seeed to e&y;, " After all. there's no place like ol (England. Our companions are fools to fly any. i oor ii.uo crsaiures, wdqd uibj sat ahrering and shaking undvr the cold, crufel saw, perhaps tbey toM a differeul t tle ; but to ds, at least, thoy were hapjiy. Kate felt very jpong and pleasantly excited as she and Mary witbread drove out to the rendezvous. She Jif arranged with Colonel Clinker to be on the yt early, in order that they might walk round tl course together, and they found bim, atomponied by Mr. M'Gratb and Mr, Gshame. already awaitiug iheir nrrival. A oosiderahle nuinWr of spectators had as- afembled, making it clear the much-talked-of pvacy could not possibly be maintained infoce cthe interest evidently aroused on all sides. Tie sporting element was, of course, present in |11, scarcely a man or a woman from amongst i ranks being missing, while the Voxiugton tadespeople, accompanied l»y their wives and Anghters, who appeared much iuteresced. had trned out in force. Even the itiueraut g>l>sy tas represented by a stout party iu & blue kirt aud tartan shawl, who went about einging 4xociou8 songs in a still more atrocious voice, misting on telling fortunes to people whohsd AO anxiety to hear them. Colonel Cliuker nud Mb companion were victims noJ likely to escape |heir most favourable predictions. 44 Cross my hand, pretty lady, with a silver taxpence," the womnu said to Kate with whin ing insistence. 44 It will bring yerluek, noth ing but luck." "Get away, my good don't you sec you're bothering the lady." smd Colonel Clinker, fearing she might annoy the girl. 41 Not I," answered she, with iuetrusive con fidence. 44 The lady has a good kind heart of bar own behind that sweet ia<e, hut the .poor gipsy can see what's in it. There are clouds, and darknesses, and crossings, but the fair gentleman with tho blue eyes stands out clear among them all. The end will he marriage. Oh, yes, the poor gipsy woman knows. "For heaven's sake let us come," said Kate +imin<r suddenly scarlet, and snatching her , ( r.ny rate." r. ;rriby V iri-.ra' U.csr p'-opiv ,v Kate feriiug oppressed emotion. Loi.Tu.iL., y. . be annoyed at her forecasts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or you mill be running out of the course, which would She felt grateful to him for covering her con fusion, and incensed with bereelf for having luplayed any. What a poor weak fool ehe was, jo be sure ! Had Mr. M'Gralh been her com- |anion, the woman's prophecies would have poduced no further impression than the ordi- zary dap-trap jargon of the profession. All sic could hope was thut Colonel Clinker did lot attribute her vexation to its right cause. ; They started together ou a tour of inspection, iillowed by Mary Wnitbre&d; and Mt. Gra- lame. Colonel Cliuker, on whose shoulders tie entire management had fallen, had spared neither time uor trouble in rendering the course as perfect as possible. It was beautifully marked out with rows of little white flags, placed at such close distances that it looked mxt to impossible for the vidcro to make any wrong detour, while the run in was corded on oiiher side with stout ropes, leading in a direct line to the winning-post, which elood up, tall and unmistakable, close to the judge's ira- pravieed box. Starting at the farthest end of a large grasB- M full view of the assembled company, the course first led 6omc«rUat uphill over very severe ridge-and-furrow, at the top of which a good honest fence with a ditch and low guard rail on the take off side barred the entry into the opposite field, which, though bigger in dimensions, was far morn level and very sound going. After this it ran across a sticky ploughed enclosure, which Colonel Cliuker had not Been able to avoid ; then over a small double, leading once more into grass, and later on, in and out a road carefully laid with tan. A rather sudden turn to the right here re- wealed the water-jump. This was & small nataral brook, or rather — so steep and crumbling were its bunks— a species ol gully, with bushed-up hurdles, ret in a slanting direc tion leaning over it, and the whole width could not have measured much more than some ten to twelve feet across. Any ordinary hunter ought with ease to clear such an obstacle in his tride; but Colonel Clinker had purposely re frained from making it larger, actuated by all orts of visions of dripping female forms and broken hacks. After the water jump earns three or four more frir flying fences that each required a hit of doing without being very for midable. Thtsc completed & good-sized ring, and the last obstruction would land the com petitors in the same field up whose slope" they .uou cuui«u, Aitugciuer u juuteo a goou iair course, such as no animal used to following hounds should find difiicult f o encompsss. Kate and Colonel Cliuker carefully critised each fence, choosing beforehand tho best spot for jumping, and this was the verdict they unani mously pronounced. The ground also was in beautiful order, neither to hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round together Colonel Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of rul- wiceas to what she should not do in the forth- coming race, alt of which sbe listened to most Attentively, and deteimiued on following to ihe best of her obflity, " Directly the flag drops, Miss Browser," aid he, 44 be sureand lee your horse bsve his bead. A good start in n.thret-niileraoe is not of such paramount importance as in u five fur- ' long scramble, still it is by no meaus to be deft- jnsed. There's uothiug like beginning writ. It | gives ahorse confidence in hie rider, and tells ; him be means going. But directly you get on 1 to the ridge-and-furrow, tako a good pull I and make King Ulaf go well within himself. ; Never mind being hi«t o( the whole lot, j especially if you only feel yourself to be so on ; sufferance, and can regain your frit position at any momentyou please. Nothiug takes so much out of a horse as pushing him rust up uu incline at starting, before he has warmed to bis work and got his pipes all clear. Steady him at ihe first fence ; the chances are he will want to nub, and overjump himself in his eager ness. Very probably you may find by th<m anat you nave tne legs r-i most ot your com panions, but dou't on any account force the running so early iu the day. Don't hustle King Olaf until you get fairly through the plough. If after that Ue is still going strong and well, and pulling tolerably hard, you may begin to forge abced a bit. Remember up to this point yon have to nde a waiting race. ;rod let any one else lead the way who likes. Drop your hands when you como'to the double, nud whatever you do, (fru't i»o at it. Give King Olaf a full opportunity nf understanding what is before him. It'a the nastiest fence of the lot, and the ouly one I am at hL nfratd of, especially with tm impotuous horte. The same wnie applies equally to the jumps at the road; take them steadily. Hirse ofteu jump the fence out carelessly, to l»e on your puaTO. So far wo hsve brought you along capitsllr. Take a good hold of hie head, and set Kin Olaf m last as you please at the water jump. He'll clear it by yards, I know beforehand, but if vou can remember, keep cioso totbu white flag" on pnbltiaw by arrangement w)Lb Ward. Lock wad Co. 247) : Hi. banks themare batli wiri'awcr ""I1 j,"n" tban in ony other place; besides. l" p':t.tbe «"!a h>rn, auS mil gain aororui lengths by so doing And now send your horse along in downright earnest. Xiae-tentlis of amateur rid era throw away the race by waiting too long, ana not coming soon euougli. Then they get flurried, lose their beads, and all is orer with tbeir chance of winning. Br tbi. tune the riff-raff will either have tidied off or came to grief; anyhow, you will know pretty well winch are your most dangerous remaining opponents. It yon And you have them fairly aetued, cotne straight away oyer the two lust fences and paat the post, hands down, but if it comes to a contest, keep cool and collectM and do tho best yon can. I foretell a. perfect triumph to our party," concluded the Colonel, drawing a deep breath of eatisfactiou iu sntici- pation of thie desired result. After a momen tary pause lie apjieared, howeyer, to recollect it was just possible there might exist a reverse lila I.. :_i s V ? .1 . . —.v ou sua Miiiiiuc, auu a« aaaea in calmer accents; 44 On toe other band, should any nusbap occur— though I devoutly trust not— or should you by any chance find King Olaf is blown, for God's sake pull him up there and then. \ ou have ridden a taaten horse once too often as it is. aud there's no use in struggling on to the end under such circumBtances. And now I have given you enough, instructions to fill a small volume. I don't suppose when the time comes you will remember one-third of them." 44 Oh yes, I hope so," auswered Kate confi dently. 44 But when I listen to Bucb excellent advice it really makes me feel as if I were obtaining a mean advantage over my neigh bours, aud us if they, too, ought to "have the opportunity of profiting by it. It hardly appears fair my accepting eo raauy valuable hints." "Most of them don't require any aid. There's Mis. Forrester, who knows quite as much, if not more, than I do myself; Mrs. Paget, who would never understand what one wished to convey; ami Miss Palliser, who would he mortally offeuded by any advice. No, I am perfectly satisfied, aud shall be quite content if only my pupil will promise to obey the orders nf hor fattier. Tho atnoafirm is " 1rt/\lrinir of her somewhat anxiously, for though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke down hopoleasly under the strain of the possible chapter of accidents which this race exposed ' Kate Browser to, 44 will she promise?" 44 Of course she will," she answered readily. "That is to say, unless circumstances orer which she has no control decide otherwise, I shall ride implicitly to orders, like a six-stone uothiug boy. Does that satisfy you 44 1 shan't he really satisfied," said he ner vously, " uuiil I see you and Kinc Olaf cauter- i\»g in ahead of everything else," 44 You dreadfully ambitious man! And what if your pupil disappoints your expectations after all?" " 61ie will nor. I have every confidence in the ability of herself aud horse. Nevertheless, I wish to goodness the thing was well over." She had never seeu biru so anxious and rest less, ot- his or Ira manner eo disturbed. Could it be possible that he was a coward at heart? But no, she kuew better. 44 What's the matter with you r" she ssid ; 44 are vou trying to make «w afraid V" 44 God forbid! Bull can't help it. I'm horribly afraid myself." ' Aud so am I," chimed in poor Mary Whit- bread, who in spite of the pleasure oi Mr. Graharoe's society was white as a sheet and trembling fiora lop to toe. ' What nonsense !" said Kate lightly. "You two talk as if you expected me to be brought back ou a stretcher. I beg leave to state I Ijhvo not the smallest intention of departing this life." " Please don't hint at such a horrible possi bility, Kate," said Mary fearfullv. " I, shall turn up again, never fear. I'm uot a bit ufra'd, aud I won't he frightened. So there!" She said these word with such de termination as to silence her companions, while her tightly -set lips and the resolute expression of her countenance betokened a firm resolution not easily shaken. ".me wxb progressing, so they ad- .he paddock, where King Olaf had i n appe&nnce.; Old Stirrup walked ' . of (he horse, and led him proudly . round, while ever and again his e lit up with a smile of triumph, such admiring remark as, 44 'Ee's & 'se is." 41 There goes the winner," 11 upon liis ear. And indeed King ... i deserved the flattering encomiums \- . -on him by the public at large, for in me irt.iv arec weeks Colonel Clinker had taken great pains with his conditioning, and short as the time had been, had effected a considerable improvement iu his appearance. As Kuie OUf walked jauntily by, swinging his toil from side to- side, moving with that light springy step peculiar to him, he looked a perfect beauty, and so 6)eek, gentle, aud docile, few would h&ve; given him credit for possessing such hich courage aud daring. His mono bad been care fully plaited that morning by Kate's own white and nimble little fingers, and his whole appear ance was that of a racehorse. True he seemed a trifle lighter in the barrel than he bad doue a month aeo, but then what flesh he now carried was hard aud firm aa a board, while the muscles on hi? strong arms and thighs could almost have been couotod. Colonel Clinker had given him his last gallop, and knew the horse to be not only fit ana well in himself, but also iu all probability f though still of course but imperfectly trained; in a far better state of condition than any adversary he would he called upon to meet. He entertained email feare of King Olaf, liis chief anxiety being on Kate's account. He culled up till sorts of imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quite miserable in their contemplation. She might fall, she might be cannoned against, she might be jumped upou, she might not he able to hold King Olaf, ehe might even b« dragged and killed outright. There were no end to nis anxieties, which grew ininteusitv ns the hour 1 drew nigh, until they became almost unbear able. 44 Swear lo take care of yourself," he whis pored in Kate's ear as she disappeared in the dressing-room. The colour hid almost for. saken bis cheeks and his voice trembled with 44 Dear me, hew timid we are to be euro!" she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist the | impression he produced, but the evident interest he took in her welfare touched her in spite of herself, and prompted her almost invol- , uutarily to hold out ber band. He grasped it warmly, and she added with b little re&sBuriog; nod — i 44 Au revoir, my revered psstor and roaster. ; Cast away all fear as unworthy both of us. ) 1 tell you everything will be right. Your pupil hne cot the smallest intention of disgracing either herself or you." And then ehe vanished behind the heavy f olde of the red curtain concealing the doorway, and left him to think what an idiot he was, and yet bow impossible it was to help keiug one where she tv as concerned. \- >iueo f vurnauie a H.itu, an enchatitreEB, and I am her slave !" reflected Jack Cliuker, as he wound his Way to the paddock in order to superintend the saddling of iviug Olaf. 44 1 wish to God I were a rich tnnn, I'd ask her to marry roe to-morrow, not that 1 expect I should h&ve; the ghost of a chance. There are some women one feels euro of, but she is full of coutradictione — charming oue minute, cold the next, made up of variety ; tantalising, s&rcistic;, lovable, and delightful by turns, but not the sort of girl to let a fellow think fhe earn IwotJiaws About him. whether he dove or not. Well, for mv psrt I like such woman. Easy conquests lack piqutucy, and nothing good in this world it to be obtiincd I without trouble, delay, and striving. AU thv 1 same, I wish she wore uut so damnably rich. It | makes a man look like & forfuue hunter, and ; no oi;«i pivs him credit for disinterested affec- ; lion. If I proposed to Miss Uiewser, kind ; friends would say I cared only for her money. I Heigh-ho! It's "uncommon hard lines, in more wayB than on»>, being a pauper, or next do<rr to ; il. A drop's obliged to stick to his bachelor habits when all the income he possesses barely puftiees to pay hiscigai and flower hills, and yet, upon my soul, I'm getting awfully sick of single blessedness While awaiting Kate's reappearance ho pur chased a card, aud looking over it fouud there were but six horses coloured, namely. Lady Anno Birkett's brown gelding, Hastings, aged, pedigree unknown : yellow and black stripes, yellow cap. Mrs. rorreiter Mngmg iiira. by Musician 0l't of Lighlbeart: scarlet, scarlet- end-black c.i p. Mrs. Paget' grey gelding, I Duncan Giey, as;ed. pedigree unknown ; choo- late. pink sleeves and cap. Miss Browser's chestnut gelding, King Olaf, by Norseman out of Ice Maiden, six vears old; sky V.uo nufl gold. Mrs. Phipp's black liarn«, Black Am»(rr, a god, by HibtorUu. dam unknown ; cherry,, yellow baud : and Miss PaUiser'e bar mate, "fo.ntefie., five ye.irs, by tho Bc.iu out ot 44 H'ru." said Co'nnel Cliuker, when Kate re- entered tJio pitddnck in all the glories of her racing kit. "Out of that lot wo may miss two — Hastings and Duncan Grey — straight away. Poor eld Hastings Is a long sight too< far gone initio forelegs to toka to stcoplecUaemg as an amusement in his declining years. I should not be at all surprised if he did not even get round the caurce. As for Duncan Grey, h<>'« a flow, lumbering brute, who can't gallop faster than you can kick a hat along. He's no more use than a headache, and though a fairly good fencer will not prove very formidable. Hinging Bird tea well-bred animal, aud the befit of Mrs. Forrester's lot, but with that lady'6 mania for purchasing cheap oats and mixing tbom with4 all sorts of experimental articles of food, I very much doubt her Ability to stiy. Nevertheless, though not in the same Mrcot- with King Olaf, it won't do to estimate Siugiug Bird's chaucc too lightly. To begin with, as a four-year-old she takes the ulloawnce, aud, secondly, /he ser vices ol so experienced a sportswoman as Mrs. Forrester will add many pounds more in her favour, so that altogether we must regard tiro pair as decided adversaries, Mrs. Forrester will tide & waiting voce throughout, in order that if the hare comes to grief, she, as a tortoise, may profit ty the occurrence, She will take ad vantage of the smallest error any of you commit, and won't go over a yard of unneces sary ground. In fact, so highly do I estimate Mrs. Forrester's chance, that were there any betting on the traa6ation 6he should certainly cany all my place money. Having disposed of uer, we next arrive at Black Anster I know him well of old as a rate good hunter, hue alas 1 pofiBesscd with that not infrequent infirmity— shortness of breath. At the first symptom of a tussle this little defect in his respiratory organs will interfere with his powers of winning, aud , in ray opmiou annihilate them altogether. And , now we come to Miss Palliser's Coquette— a dark animal, of whom neither I nor anyone else , know_ anything — purchased, I fancy, purposely for this occasion, and pretty sure to he danger ous; so much eo, indeed, that I hear sheaaa backed herself to win for fifty pounds. All I can say is, I devoutly hope she may lose. How ever, I advise you to keep a sharp look out on that objectiouable female's movements, for she is capable of anything, and if I mistake not already owes you a grudge." 44 Me?" exclaimed Kate, innocently. 44 What have /done to offend her, pray?" 44 Youmay well ask that question. Nothing, unless it be you have ridden a trifle too hard iu the huntiug-flold to pfense her majesty,' 4 Oh ! she's that aort of woman, is she r" 44 Very much that sort of womau, So be extremely careful how you give her a chance of ' cannoning or knocking you out of the coarse." 44 Really ! I always looked upon Miss P-tllieavsb > sr..M k..Jl«. II 'OHW. uo <V lSljr UCUUJIU3B (KHBtJUOge. "And thereby displayed your intenseigno- rance. She's auythiug but harmless. On the contrary, she's exceedingly mischievous and exceedingly jealous. However, forewarned is forearmed.' 44 If you inveigh in such strong terms against the lady, I ehull begin to smpsct that you are ; a dieappointedswora," said K&te; saucily. 44 A_Asappointed swain, indeed t echoed he, laughing heartily. 44 That is capital, hut your euraiiecs are by no means correct. For many as have been the passages of arms between myself and Miss Pailisev, any interchanges af a tenderer nature have been left out to the cold altogether. It will have to be a very long bow, shot by ties ancient hand, that succesds in sending adart into m>j heart. 44 Thnt with Au eiripbasis on the word, 44 has been reserved for someone else to do." He sent a swift in juiriug glance at Kate, and those clear eyes produced so much confusion that eho turned her head Bride, before, after a uauro. Answering coldly : 4 You nre enigmatical, tmd metaphorical language is always difficult to understand. I object to Cupid's" weapon, and also to Cupid bimsrif. as a young gentleman of erratic and unsatisfactory manners. But here comes Mrs. Forrester ; let us go and heat her ideas on things in general." Decidedly Jack Clinker's tender insinuations were not amiably received, and fell harmless to the ground, lite a poor wouuded, fluttering bird, who strives to take wing and Eoar on high, and yet who at each endeuvoor recog nises wore and more its utter powerlessnesa. He was beginning to find it better to etick to generalities, aid not attempt a forward policy that was prettr sure to meet with rebuff. He gave no outwird e&preesion.; however, to his feelings of discomfiture, but advanced to meet Mrs. Forrester with All good grace. Neither be nor Kate could refrain from a broad smile when they viewed the old lady, who, arrayed in a rusty brownskirt, adorued with a huge leather patch at tie knee, and a loose scarlet Garibaldi, indeed loiked as if she despised all those effects produad by persobal adornment. Her ebarp eyes imnediately detected an ex pression of amusenent on her companions' lacei, ' Ah !" she eaid, "you are laughing at my gel-up, 1 can see. &ver; mind, I'm uncom monly proud of my rming colours. They cost me the large sum of thiee and threeepnee half penny, including the crcketing cap. 1 bought a remnant of red flame! at tenpeuce a yard, aud consider I did the tling very economically. Now if X tumble about he dirt I shan't have an v fine clothes tn mtnil like some nf von smart young people," with a £ood-humoured glance at K&te.; 44 My garments will wash, which is more than can be said of yours." 44 Ah, ray dear lady, you resemble the in estimable Mrs, Gilpin, who, though on plea sure bentj possessed a frugal mind," said Colonel Clinker gallonfiy. 44 It's a pity for sone people they don't re joice in a similar virme, retorted Mrs. For rester, "If you weto to practise economy, Master Jack, for instance, there would be no great harm done." 44 And perhaps no rent good cither. There must he some oxtravegaot people in the world, if only for the sake of promoting trade. Are you going to win, Mrs. Forrester V " I rcish I could answer that question. I mean to try." 4> I was just telling Miss Browser that you and Mia Palliser were the only two com petitors she need realty fear." " / dou't count for much, I'm afraid, but 1 hear Miss Palltier has set her heart on win ning, and scoured all over the country after a horse to her mind. That's Coquette going by now. Do you see the big mare next to Miss ikeweer'e chesuut ? Looks like speed." But further conversation was cut short by the mouuting of the cquestricnueB and the marshalling them torth in proper array. Time bad loug emce beeu up, ana people were getting a trifle impatieot at the delay, though had they hut realised the difficulties of starting six fair ladies, pulling up their girths, shortening tbeir stirrups, adjusting their habits, aua taking in their curb chains, they might have displayed a greater leniency. However, at length all wag ready for a start, and the h&li-; dozeu Ann/one, rounawliom much interest was ceutred, emerged from the paddock iu Indian file. King Olaf and Coquette certainly carried off the honours in point of looks. Thie latter itroved a great big fine upstanding thorough- ired mare, showing a lot of quality, and as far as appearances went seemed likely to he the cheenut's most formidable opponcut. Singing Bird came next in fhe public estimation, but she looked light and iu poor condition. The competitors now went for tour preliminary canter, which called forth many comments among the multitude, who freely criticised the ladies' seats and hands. Good-natured Lady Autre, on her dilapidated steed, beamed with fun aud merriment, as if impelled to impart her onpeared decidedly nervous and ill at ease, Mrs. rhipps was exceedingly solemn aud some what out of her elemeut/Mre. Forrester re presented real bu.riuese, while Miss Palliser looked grim yet excited, and Kate resolute. CHAPTER XXL— THE RACK ITCELF. After a little more delay, during which last words df caution and advice were being wliiipcretl into fair ears, the s:x horses were , got together pretty evenly, and the flag dropped to a rcallv excellent start. In another minute the whole halt-dozen came swoepiugbv the spectators at a fair pace, all iu a cluster, but tbev had not gone more than a couple of hundred yards or so before it was curious to watch low first one. and then another, begun to struggle, while ilie horses' tails bobbef up aud doxm like thore of ducks in a pend, ae toey lataured uphill over the trying ridgoand- furrow, poor Duncan Grey lolled about like a (hip in a gale of wiud, aud lost ground at every stride ; while the unfortunate Mrs. Patted, who was inclined to embonpoint, bumped painfully to aud fro in the saddle. Old Hastings also plodded on with manifest exertiou, aud did uot uppear to be able to go tire pace. Mcautimc Kate, bearing in mind Colonel Clinkei's last abonionitions, pulled King Olaf to tiro rear, much against tbo fMlhnitchesnut's will, for he was as keeu as niUft&rd;, utid, tbauks to hia muscular and com pact conformation, glided lightly oo and off the top of encn ridge witn tne ncuvsiyora young chamois clambering amidst if native rocks. Billing Bird and Black An&ter; were both a- head, while Miss Palliser, untouched by any prudent considerations, and animated by the gole desire of distancing her opponent, was foioiog tho running, and already held a dear st\ length' lend. In thin order th«y arrived at ihe first lonco. over which they flew without uy greater ro ship than Uartiuge juoiping short aud bringing his hind legs down with a crash entire tup id tire tiimlera, making a big gap by which Dun- >» Grey profited, as ho bwervod half way acn- .he ouree towards it, and tow ebv so displaced f > Mr;. Paget' 's contte of gravity that she was witimi an ace of cutting a voluutu.tr, and was so long before Ehe recovered her < quilibriuui us to occasion h'.r partisans the greatest anxiety. They galloped ou bravely enough, the Indies really acquitting themselves mo?t creaitably without anv material change taking piece in their respective positions urtil they came to the next obstacle, another flying fence, only with the ditch ibij time cn the far tile, And here Hastings, whose temper had probably been up- set by the feel of the thorns at the last one, whipped round to the left, and to the tateuse annoyance of their respective owners, induced Duncan Grey, very nervously ridden by Mrs. Paget, to do the same. Tho other four horsea got well over, and entered (ho plough with nearly a hundred yards' advance of the two miscreants. Coquette by this time had still further increased her lead, Singing Bird, Black Anster, and King Olaf, close together, being a good way behind, hut when they got into the deep ground it became evident that , Miss Palliser hod been making too much use of the mare, for she gradually came hack to her horses, and allowed the distance between them to diminish to such a considerable extent that when they reached the fences in and out of the road King Olaf was almost abreast, with the other two in immediate attendance. Mfo Palliser, irritated at seeing the trio so near, instead of steadying Coquette, as she ought to have done, raised ber whip-hand ana gave the mare a smart switch, in consequence of which ehe landed too far into the road, and blundered badly on jumping out, almost coming down on her knees, and throwing Miss Palliser well forwards; while Kate, remembering what she had been tola, kept King Olaf firmly in hand, and negotiated the double obstacle beautifully. This little episode left her the advantage, and enabled her not only to have first shy at the water, but &1bo to choose the particular spot , Colonel Clinker had advised. She gave King . Olaf a little cheer of encouragement, which she | knew well of old, a slight shake of the bridle, 1 and then set the good horse resolutely at the hrook close to where the white flag stood on the right-band side. But l'aBiser's jealously was now more than aroused, and in deed had rapidly become so overmastering as | to dispel any lost lingering remnants of pru dence. She called upon poor Coquette, aua at the very moment King Oiaf took off, came with , a tremendous rush at the identical place selected by her rival. The consequence was u violent collision occurred in the air, which very nearly i upset both horses, and knocked them all to pieces for the time being. Old Stirrup, with that mysterious affinity wiucif ujub U6 luirujuvcjy woe pjnipainy istooe found, had crept up to Colonel Clinker's side, and was watching the race with alternote feel ings of pleasure, hope, anxiety, and pride. The latter sentiment was gaining a decided pre dominance when the event above alluded to took place. 44 Dash my buttons ! Did you see that he exclaimed, trembling with indignation and escitemedt. "She did it o'purpus, I seed her with my own ejes, and a more deliberate or disgraceful foul I never witnessed." Colonel Clinker put down his glasses for oue secoud, rubbed them hastily with toe corner of his silk pocket- handirercbief, and muttered between his Bet teeth : "Damn that beast of a woman! She'6 a bigger brute even than I thought.4 (Stirrup overheard the words and knew that one pereon at least shared bis virtuous wrath. Ho had thought well of the Colonel from tho first, but now he went up greatly in his estima tion as au assumed well- wither of his beloved roistrega, aud one whe would stick to her through thick and thin. By what, however, appeared little short of a miracle. King Olaf ani Coquette managed to regain their legs, after a scramble, without any wor-c catastrophe arising from the encounter than loss of position. Both Singing Bird and Black Anster passed them. Nevertheless, King Olaf decidedly escaped the best of the two, for thanks to having started first, he received the brunt of the toock on bis hind quarters, while Coquette, whose impetus had been greater, tumbled right down on her head, and sprawled several yards before recovering himself. Kate could not help feeling angry. Perhaps most people would have done o under the circumstances. 44 What do you mean by riding like that?' she asked severely. 44 Nothing. I shall ride as 1 choose," came the sullen rejoinder. She saw then that there was no generosity, no friendly competition, to be expected in thie quarter, and Colonel Clinker had been right when he warned her against Mies Palliser as against a dangerous enemy. If she could do her a bad turn and prevent her winning it was quite evident she would do so. Kate's courage, 1 however, was of the kind which rises with an emergency, and which opposition only rouses into a doubly firm determination to succeed. S! « resolved to best Mi be Palliser at ai y rate. i " Certainly," she replied, with chilling polite ness ; 44 that is what I imagine you have hitherto done. Take care, however, your mare does not turn the tables upon you before long," There was no time for any further Inter- change of civilities between the i&aiee;, for Singing Bird and Black Anster were still in advance. Kate set King Olaf going again &s; quickly as possible. She had. ridden with great patience and judgment, and obeyed orders implicitly, but the momeut had now arrived to ascertain of what mettle her horse was really made. It she allowed herself to get too for behind she might never regain the ground lost through that most provoking foul. Thank goodness, King Olaf felt strong as a lion under ber, while Coquette, owing to the ruthless way in which her mistress had used, or rather .mIi- used her powers, not ouly lathered freely, but already began to hold out unm stakable signals of distrees. Still a very few more strides were sufficient to show that either had the speed of Singing Bird and Black Anster, both of whom they passed with ease, and both of whom seemed pretty well cooked, (ride- by side the two lea ters now galloped on, taking fence for 'ciice, JViiJi; vwi wwbjb » iu .a-iiut, but with Coquette running very gamely, and showing under different guidance what area) good marc she might have proved. Never theless, as thoy n eared the last few fences, KiugOlaf'e superior condition told more and more. The further they went, too. the greater became Kate's presence of mind. She had re- ' covered from the first flurry of a natural ex- citemeut, and now brought all her judgment and intelligence to bear on the task in band ; wbile Mis? ralliser, on the contrary, flushed and tremulous, seemed hardly to know what she was about. Kin« Olaf bad never extended him self even, and galloped gaily and freely. Ic this manner they reached the l&rt; fence p£ all, case, but just as he landed a shrill scream rent the air, and looking round in alarm Kate be held Miss Palliser's form, shoot from the saddle, apparently without any assignable reason, and come with a fierce bump to the ground, where it lay like a helpless bundle, proetrateon mother earth, leaving Coquette, who mast have felt re sulted by this apparent vagary on the part of ber rider, to canter away with loosely flapping wins, Kate knew now that she had the race in hand, hut Singing Bird and Black Anster were only a few lengths in toe rear, eo she wisely did not risk a finish, but came on at a good steady pac3 aud won exactly as ehe pleased, wbile the public, whose sympathies, after the conl rcte.ups at the water- jump, had been entirely on her side, applauded her to the echo. The victory appeared, in fact, a most pcpulai one, for, to tell truth, Miss Palliser's iriende were few and fal between. It was a picture to see old .Stirrup's: face ; in deed, the expression of it would have formed quite a physiological study when he saw King Olaf come cantering in. It literally rippled over with delight. 44 1 lcnowed 'eo'd do it ; I knowed fee'd beat em ail to fits," wore the only words he could find at lira! to express too height of a joy eo iu- toxicatingly overpowering. Meanwhile >oor Mies Palliser was lying on the liat of her back with her herle up in the air. vowing aud declaring she was killed. A crowd quick ;y gathered round the unfortunate horsowuiijan, who before many minutes dis covered tin's statement to be highly ex aggerated, inasmuch as, with the excep tion of the wiud having been knocked out of her body by the exceeding velocity of bor downfall, he remained unharmed in aught except iu spirit, which latter appeared terribly mortified. "If it had not been for my stirrup-leather breaking just when it did," she Explained to her auditors, ill.ms.t have won. Was there ever such luck in this world r Really it is fro, too cracl." 14 Was that, why you tumbled off. Miss Pal!it>er ?" Asked Captain Fuller, in his cool. ' sarcastic way. 1 44 Ah, of coarse," retorted she in a stste of high exoneration, 44 i knew tiiat's execUy i what people will say. They will ebv 1 cot \ | voluntary— I who have never done euc.ba thing iu ray life. I shall lie greatly obliged to you. Captjtin Fuller, if vou will contradict the state ment, and allow tho public to kuow the ttuc state of tlic ca<e. The 6 tirrup- leather Alone was to blame." 44 I'm glnd lohiMr it," responded ho with »u impenetrable vontenance. 44 That's satte- Uctory atar.y rsito. One always likins to find some good eicusi for these uulortuuale little casualties." As lo? Kate, tbo very flirt person she met when she loflf bark into the paddock was Colonel Clinker. He cenue towards her with a fmile of pleasure and ralibf brightening all his face, 44 Bravo! bravo!" ho cried. 44 You rode awfully well. No one could have ridden better, not even a professional jockey. There waa not a single thing I told ycu to do that you dtd not do, n&d; thut exactly right. I feel indeed proud of my pupil." IHe took her hand in his and shook it warmly. A sudden impulse seized him. " Ob, Kate I" he added in a softened voice, "you dou't know bow thankful I aui to get you back again. My beat t stood etill with frighr when I saw tbo oolliekm «t the brook, nud thought you were in for a fall. I never felt eo queer in my life." The flush of victory glowed in her veins. She was too happy, too foil of the pleasures of that proud moment to remark (he use he made of her Christian name. It was not till afterwords, uot till the warm blood had cooled and her mind resumed its normal condition, she remembered how he had held her hand in hie and called her Kste in tones that seemed as if as if they could only possess one meaning, one interpretation. At the time she merely realised the subtle joy of feeling bare was a person who sympathised end rejoiced at her triumph as if it Ji&d; been bis very own, end whose evident interest was not alone flattering to her vanity, but acceptable to some warmer , and deeper emotion that now and again began to stir toe pulsations oi her heart. 44 Thanks for your congratulations," she eaid; 44bat don't praise me, for I did nothing but stick on. Praise Kiog Olaf instead. My suc cess is entirely owing to him end— and to you, beaming down on the open countenance »r- near herown. 41 Without your help J should hive! been nowhere. Yoa ep w how Coqueitv. stopped, purely through want cf coiiditioh. Well, Krag Olaf 's superiority was solely aud entirely owing to your exceeding kindneee"" K&te;, assisted by her compauioas, now dis - I mounted, whereupon King Olaf stretched out his forelegs and shook himself heartily, just like a dog when be emerges from the water, while > she, regardless of au onlodfere, put her two arms round his neck and rubbed her soft cheek against the animal's velvety nose. 44 Oh, Stirrap !" she cried artlessly, <( isn't he a darling ? Didn't be behave beautifully. We must have bis picture painted. ) shall get an artist down from town to do him. at once." They were a pretty pair as they stood thus— (he horse, with his miia blue eyes filled with an intelligence almost human, hie swelling veius, his slender limbs, and tapering head ; she with figure Bet off to lull advantage by her perfectly fitting colours, and a stray lock of hair just fluttering in the gentle breeze. Colonel Clinker felt all nt once as if he bated King Olaf. A fierce and sudden longing seized him to have those sweet lipe pressed to his in stead of to that light tan muzzle, to feel the coveted clasp of those encircling arms about his neck instead of seeing them placed so lovingly round Kiug Olaf 'e. He wanted to take her to ; himself and speak to her of his love— bis deep, ! overmastering passion. It cost hira no small 1 effort to preserve silence and turn away, but the time had not yet come, and he preferred suspense for a while longer to a cruel certainty that might rob him of all pleasure in life. Bcsidefc, what had he to offer her ? He had no money, no profession, no particular brains, not even settled habits. He had been accustomed to a round of perpetual excitement, -gambling, betting, racing, late hours. Ev«« if she would take him, was he fit to lie tnarri«-d'r Might not his old bachelor habile riing to line still : Might no;ttie Fame rcFlltt pirii break forth afresh? He was inclined to think not. He was inclined to think he could make any sacri fices for her sake, inclined to think ibat with her by his side frcsli possibilities, higher aims, higher ambitions might open themselves out to him in the future; but as yet be was like a man who sees 44 through a gloss darkly." He doubted his own powers of forbearance, of steadfastness, end perseverance; a glimmering light had commenced to brighten the pathway of uncertainty, casting flickering rays of sun shine upon it, buttbey were not assured. The light might be put out altogether by too hasty, too rudea breath, and so long as he could still retain a certain amount of self-command he would run no risks. Therefore Jack Clinker, when he looked at Kate by King OUf's side, turned suddenly away, ea that she wondered where he had gone, and why he had forsaken her thus early instead of assisting ber to drink the sweet, intoxicating cup of success to it very dregs. Others crowded round lo offertheir congratulations, hut etie felt hurt at his prompt defection, torturing herself with self -commu nings as to whether ehe could have eaid or done anything that might have offended him, so true is it that even in our most joyous moments ' some little tiny sting robs them of full fruition, : rendering them satisfactory only in part. (to coxTtxxnro.l 