EARLY A USTRALIAS DA YS. SOUPS FROM AK OLD MS. (Br TUE SPECTRE IN THE Sydney Morning Herald.) [ IB IB not often that one gets hold of a genuine convict manuscript nowadays. They were never very plentiful, for convicts as a rulo were not given to literary work, and even if they possessed the necessary qualifications, had not, during their period of servitude, at any rate, the time or opportunity to pour forth their soul iu hooks. This remark applies more particularly to the earlier con- vict days, to the times of harsh discipline and rigorous treatment. Later on, when the century was well advanced, and the sternness of the system initiated by Phillip had some- what relaxed, men found time to record their impressions of past events. Many who liad been prisoners were now free. Life was possible for them, aud look- ing back over the past miseries they and their comrades hod endured, they wrote. To such a class belongs the yet unpublished manuscript which I nave before rae. The manner of its discovery was acci- dental, and easy to tell. I happened a week or so ago to meet a gentleman whose wife's father, an old colonist, had held the position of. clerk of works to Sir Thomas Mitchell, to whom wc are indebted for many of our main roods, and especially for the route over the Blue Mountains. While engagod in this capacity be made thc acquaintance of a most eccentric genius, who had boen transported for forgery. The convict, an architect by profession, and learned man withal, was employed upon many buildings in thc city, ana was specially occupied over the construc- tion of the old St. Mary's Cathedral. Though his dissipated habits rendered his work somewhat intermittent, his services were eagerly Bought for, and those in- terested took much pains to keep him sober. His spare moments were occupied in literary work, and thus it was that thc present, as well as muny other manuscripts, came to be written. When dying thc author bequeathed his works to thc gentleman above mentioned, und in this way they passed into the possession of my friend. The nook with which I purpose at present to deal contains an elaborate uccount of colonial life as it existed during thc days of Governor Darling. Tho date on thc title-page is 1845, but internal evidence shows that the incidents de- scribed occurred in 1825 and the few follow- ing years. I do not think there can be any doubt as to thc authenticity of the manu- script, nor as to the reality of tho incidents with which its pages ure crowded. There are about 200 sheets of foolscap, discoloured with age and closely written upon in a cramped semi-commercial hand. Thc book hus seen rough usage iu thc past. Someone has spilt ink over many of the pages, and there are lacuna: herc and there. But on the whole with patience aud a good light, the matter is fairly legible, and thc difficulty only gives added interest to the perusal. It will be better perhaps to refrain from touching upon the more revolting of the criminal incidents with which thc work abounds. It was a time of brutality, of harsh taskmasters and debased servants. There were men, and one meets plenty of them in these pages, whose souls had been entirely crushed out, whose hearts were os the hearts of thc savage brutes, and whose vices were worse than those of thc most degraded abori- ginal. And they kill and murder and commit outrage through all these long pages, until at Inst one's soul grows weary of such unstinted gruesomeness, and one turns with relief to the itest shilling shocker, a class of work which, in comparison with this biography, is but i as food for babes and Buckliugs, Not i that the hero of the narrativo is cn- i ¡rely bad. He is, in fact, an angel by i entrait with 'his comrades. True, he has i ommittcd one crime-that of housebreaking, c jr which he was transported-but with this c is sinful capacity seems to have ended. He j loves throughout the history amongst f riininals of the most villainous character : he i renke out of prison, sud is even pressed into he service of a bushrangfug gaug who hold j lim their prisoner for many weeks whilst they i re carrying fire and outrage through tue j and. For this he nearly gets hanged, but I tis good luck, whioh never deserts him, comes i n his rescue, and he is reprieved at the last I noinont, He journeys on foot northward ] rom the Hunter River to Cape York, follow- 1 ng the coast line all thc way ; he fights ] iborigincs hy thousauds, and afterwards joins ] i tribe of blacks ; he sees murders committed i ly the hundred, and is brutally treated inevery 1 wssible way ; yet he lives through it all. It i s not, however, with tho latter and more idventurouR part of the narrative that I have bo deal. It is, perhaps, too high spiced to bo true; and has no doubt been introduced to give iost lo the somewhat monotonous sketch of everyday life in those times. Il is tho iesuriptive portion of the work which will be Looked to with most interest by the Austra- lians of to-day. Wc have in thc first pince n letailed account of the life on board a convict ship. This is a subject which bas been dealt with over and over again, and as the voyage lid not differ materially from others of thc same day, I need not enlarge upon it. The anly remarkable incident was a mutiny of the couvicts, which was soon subdued. The men, on thc whole, seem lo have been fairly well treated, and wc miss entirely the lurid brutality which Marcus Clarke hus shnddcr ingly painted in "His Natural Life." It is only when we reach Australia that the real colonial interest of the story begins. Let us Bee what the .Sydney of those days, a tiny village by contrast to the modern city, was like. AB to our beautiful harbour, thc author is pleased to write inadcprccalory mood. "The shores of Port Jackson," ho remarks, " then presented few charms, either natural or ac- quired ; sandy bays, opening to great dis- tances inland, bordered apparently by stunted trees ; rocky headlands iietwecn each inlet ; crowned with Bimilar foliage, and far away thc background, on either hand, displayed dense forests of sombre green-there were then none of those elegant mansions, or beauti- ful villis, with their verdant and ever blooming gardens, which now BO plentifully meet tiie eye of the new colonist, affording abundant proofs of thc wonted energy of the Anglo-Saxon race, who speedily rescue the most untamed soils from the barbarism of nature, and bid thc busy science of industry and art awaken the silent echoes of every Srimteval forest in which they are placed, 'ot a single patch of cultivated soil appeared in those days to refresh thc sight of the wearied voyager with evidences that here the foot of civilised mau had ever trod prior to the arrival." I wonder what our author, who is rather too much given to lengthy poetical reflections of this kind, would have «aid about thc Sydney of to-day. A whole volume of blank verse would probably have been insufficient for the outpourings of his delighted soul. However, when Garden Island is roached, he grows more practical. One of the passengers meutioned the name of this miscalled spot, and the writer expresses his unmitigated dis- gust in the fallowing terms:-"Alas! the so-called Garden Island presented nothing to view but a doubly sterile mass of rugged grey rocks, rising from the bosom of one of the numerous bays, and crowned with the same unvarying livery of russet green." The Bhip was soon after brought to an anchor in Sydney Cove, opposite a neck of land on which stood a slaughter-house, and from here the greater part of the town could be seen. " The dwellings appeared to be ohiefly of one story ; tn fact, most of them deserved no better name than huts. ' The streets were narro«' and straggling, nor did there seem to be more than half-a-dozen good or convenient private buildings in the town. There was no cultivated land to be seen from their station, and but a very few miserable cottages, peeping here and there out of thc trees, stood upon the north shore of the harbour, in various parts of which there were then about six other large vessels at anchor ; and a good number of small cutters and boats, which were passing to and fro con- tinually." The prisoners were assigned as servants to private individuals in thc manner common at that time. The lot of some fell easily, they obtained light positions, whilst others were sent to labour in the fields with thc hoe, a primitive instrument of agri- culture then in general use throughout thc colony. Our convict, who had had a good education, obtained a situation as assis- tant schoolmaster, and seems for a while to have been fairly well oft". But Sydney life offered loo many temptations for him. He joined a debating society, where speeches of a seditious character were delivered, and thus came into contact with thc authorities. Thc result was his transference to thc settlement at Emu Plains, a kind of penitentiary, where tho more dangerous of the convicts were kept et hard work in thc fields. Of the character of the early settlers in thc Nepean district at this time we learn a good deal. If their manners were rough and their dwellings primitive, their hospitality was profuse, and thc stranger, be he bond or free, was always welcome to the best they had. In accordance with a custom of the time the convicts, during the harvesting period, were allowed leave for two or three days at the end of thc week, in order to help the settlers with their work. The smallness of tbe popu- lation rendered such a regulation necessary, for even then farms were numerous along the banks of thc Nepean. In one way the agri- culturists of those days, though their methods were but primitive, showed their good sense. They did most of their work at night, after the manner clearly indicated in the follow- ing passage;-"It was a. favourite as well as beneficial practice with the Australian farmers of that day to perform the greater part of their agricultural labours either at night or early each morning, so that during the middle hoars af the day, when the sun was at its greatest altitude, they slept, or amused themselves in their dwellings. To do this with the greater advantage, they carefully studied the plisses of thc moon, heine; rather guided in their hoars of labour, during thc summer, by that luminary, than the too ardent god of day." Wages were high, for even the prisoners out on leave could command a pound a day and their keep for cutting wheat, so it must he presumed that a still higher rate was paid to the free men. Women, and even children, were employed in the fields, and one instance is mentioned where a mau and his five, daughters of varying ages were found reaping together. As to the dwellings of these people, they were Blab huts, differing but little from thc poorer class af settlers' houses to-day. Thc only modification in the structure was caused through thc scarcity of nails, cords or wooden pegs ticing used instead for fastening the different parts of the hut together. Outside of Sydney there were hardly any towns worthy of thc name in thc colony at that time. Liverpool was perhaps one of the most important ol the inland settlements, and the present residents of this place will hardly feel fluttered at thc unfavourable, if prophetic, description which our author gives. " Liver- pool is a town about tweuty miles from Syd- ney , on thc great Southern road of the colony. It was founded by Governor Muoquario, who, in selecting that name for it, seems to have expected il would become an important mart of manufacturing industry or commercial enterprise. Willi this viow he built au ex- cellent hospital of great extent, a gool, a barrack, and many other publia buildings ; but, alas ! his Excellency could neither im- prove thc quality of the soil around it, nor Hupply tho deficiency of water ; for, although a stream called George's River, navigable for shcllboats quite up to the town, runs in from Botany Bay to tho interior, passing very near Liverpool, yet it flows with salt water ; and the only method the inhabitants fouud iu after times to obviate this pressing de iciency was by building a dani across thc river's bcd, and thus repressing the influence )f tile tides." At this time, as we learn later in, there were no less thou 1.100 convicts em- . ployed there, a new church was being erected, i ind altogether the place presented a hustling t upset. I Though the life of the settlers was rough, I Food seems to have been fairly plentiful, and 1 rum oven too abundant. lu describing a . lourney along tho Southern road undertaken by two travellers, the author gives thc follow- ing account of the evening meal set forth at the humble cabin of un Irish settler. As a preliminary, several applications were made to the rum keg, and then :-" The whole party sat down to supper, which consisted of pork fried, damper bread, sud tea, with ' abundance of eggs, und a very small piece of butter. Tho meat, us usual, was all put into . a dish which stood in thc centre of thc table. Plates, knives, forks, or tablecloth ' were apparently superfluous encumbrances, 1 which were utterly unknown to these good 1 folks, each of whom, however, was provided with a pocket knife, with which he, or ' she, first cut a slice of the cake, then, select iug a morsel of pork to their fancy, placed thc 1 meat on the broad, and sawed away as hard as they liked." The only thing missing to complete thc happiness of these Irish folk was thc humble potato, a vegetable which thc people of this nationality regard almost ns a necessary of life. According to thc author, a belief was prevalent that potatoes would not grow Ul Australia. " \\\ bother," he remarks, "it was owing to their want of proper culture or suitable seed or some other cause, il waB exceedingly rare to see those well-known roots in any part of New South Wales, or when they were found after many trials to grow, they scarcely attained thc size of hens' eggs, even thc largest of them, while far thc greater portion were only about as large as musket millets." This sounds strange reading in the present day, wheu thc tuber is so abundant, but probably it may bc accounted for ou thc supposition that thc potato had not yet had time to become acclimatised in this Southern land. So the story runs on through varied phases, nearly every feature of colonial life being included in its many pages. It is not alf racefal and domestic, as in the few passages have quoted above. Thc bushrangers break loose on the quiet inhabitants of thc Nepean district, and cruelties of an indescribable character arc committed. In another place the authorised but no less terrible cruelties perpetrated at the Co»! River settlement, now known as Newcastle, are related with a sickeniug minuteness of detail. There ls an exciting account of an escape from this settle- ment in a boat which chance had placed in the hands of the convicts, and then we get among the aborigines. There was but little peace here either. The weapon of the blackfellow was, as a rule, turned against the white man, and the convict wno es- caped into the bush had to chose between two fates-death from a native spear or from the hangman's noose. Tho aboriginal super- stitions, then untinged by contact with the white man, led them, however, at times, to moke curious exceptions. Thoy looked upon Europeans os rc-incarnated beings, into whom the ghost of some dead and gone member of their own race hod entered for the purpose of returning once more to earth. Consequently, when they met a white man for the first time they would always bestow upon him the name of one of their dead comrades. Sometimes, inconsistently enough, they would kill him ; at other times they would treat him with the utmost respect, make him a member of their tribe, and supply him with a help- meet, or "djin," to forage and cook for him. Thus it happeued with the hero of this tale, who, falling one day into the hands of the aborigines, was rescued from sudden death by the " carandjio " or medicine man of the tribe, who saw in him the likeness of a dead sou. Four years' residence amongst the blacks makes the escaped prisoner thoroughly familiar with their habits and oustoms, und he has much to tell us that is interesting and instructive. However, if I were once to begin quoting from this part of the manuscript there would be no end toit. The narrative travels on through many wondrous adventures by sea and land, shipwrecks sud rescues, until at last it finished in Sydney. I would like to tell more, and regtet that in this brief sketch I have only been able to outline the leading features of this curious old manuscript. If the author's style, as the quotations given above clearly show, is somewhat pedantic and involved, he at least commands attention by his fidelity and fullness of detail. 