VICTORIA. AEOHJDIOOESE OF MELBOTTENE BKQUIBH OFFICE AND MASS. Requiem Office and Mass were oele* }>ratea for the repose of the soul of the Mrs. Ourran, Hospital, Co.Limeriok, in St. Paul's Churoh, Coburg, on Tuesday, 9th inst. The Rev. M. P. Curran, son of the deoeased lady, celebrated the Mass; the Rev. J. J. Gusack, Drysdale, and Rev, D. Koran, Bacchus Marsh, acted as deacon and sub-deaoon respectively; and the Rev. J. Nowis, Williamstowo, was master of ceremonies; the Revs. P. J. Avlward, P.P., Hotham, and the Rev. M. P. Carroll, Hotham, were the chanters. The following priests also took part IK the service:—Revs. J. Barry, Brunswick ; Oerald Byrne, Williamstown; James Carroll, South Melbourne; R.Collins, Clifton Hill; Thds. Fehey, Clifton Hill; J. Gleeson, Brunswick ; M. C. Gough, Dayleaford; Matthew Hayes, Coburg; JSneas Hennessy, Lily dale; J. Healy, St Kilda ; P. Kernan, Collingwood J. Manly, St. Francis'; J. Malone, St. Francis'; J. M'Carter, Elsternwiok; Denis Nealan, Essendon; Wm. O'Brien, Northoote; P. Phelan, Essendon ; Miohaol Quinn, Woodend; C. Sheehan, Flemington, and P. B. Walshe, St. Francis', Melbourne. A large number of people were present at the Office and Mass, Fr, Ourran received from Revs. Dr. Graber, P.P., South Melbourne; P. M'Gee, Surrey Hills; W. Quilter, South Melbourne; W. O'Hagan, Dandenong; and F. Walsh, Kilmoro, letters of sympathy with ex* pressioas of regret that they were prevented by parochial duties from attending the obsequies. Mr. Charles Sykes played on the organ Bome compositions appropriate to the occasion. IiEAOUB OF THE CBOB8. The sixteenth monthly ooncert in connection with St. Francis' branch of the League of the Cross WSB held in the Hibernian Hall on Monday evening, and was very suooessful, both as regards and attendance. Gymnastics, dog 'and jig dancing again figured upon the programme, and the songs and recitations were up to the usual standard. THE BONNY SOUTH BAZAAB. The Rev. Dr. Graber has a big attraction for visitors to the Sunny South Basaar to-night. The Irish team at the late tug-of-war tournament are to pull against a picked team of South Melbourne men. The fair has, we are glad to say, been very successful up to date. CHUBCH OF OUB LADY OF MOUNT CAKMEL, ALBERT PAKE. The Carmelite Fathers are exhibiting their usual seal and enerey in the interests of the newly- formed congregation of the beautiful little church just completed in this district. The various services are being well attended, showing that the Catholios residing in this suburb fully appreciate the privilege of having a church so conveniently situated in their midst On Friday, 5th inBt., Fr. Greaven, O.C.C., the pastor in 6harge, formed a branch of the So-, dality of the Sacred Heart for the men and women of the congregation, a large number of persons being enrolled. On Sunday the first monthly communion of the sodality took place at the eight o'clock Mass. A number of children also made their "first Holy Communion at the same Mass. Fr. Greaven delivered a suitable address to the children, and expressed his pleasure at seeing such large numbers of the congregation approaching the altar that morning. Fr. Greaven preached again at the ten o'clock Mass, and delivered a practical eermon on the gospel of the day, pointing out the great privileges Catholics enjoyed in being called to the one true faith, and the great responsibility resting upon them ot corresponding to the many graces vouchsafed to them in their vocation aa members ol the one Holy Catholic Church. During the week a new baptismal font, of very neat design in wbite freeatone, has been placed in the baptistry of the church. N. XOBV% wmoota, «ISV USKBOUSKB. The annual distribution of prises to the pupils attending $t- John's Schools, East; t Melbourne, took plsee on Monday evening, in the upper schoolroom. In oonstouenoe of the death ot the Very Rev. Daw Docaghy, the annual display was not made at the end ol the yoar; bat the «ateriaintttcot did not tuirer on that aeeouist, |ar the children were as jMfetfc in mir Tarions parts «• if no happy holiday season had intervened since their last rehearsals. There was a very large attendance of the parents and friends of the ohtldren, and a number of priests* among , whom were the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna and the Rev. F. Keating, who has control of the schools. The pupils, , as well as their parentB, were pleased also to have amongst them once more, even if only for an hour or two, the Rev. J. Stephens, C.S.Sp., who founded, built, and paid for St John's. Fr. Stephens, who, with the other Fathers of the Holy Ghost, is returning to Europe, evidently could not bid farewell to Australia until he bad satisfied himself that St. John's schools, over which he had spent so much anxious thought and hard work, were keeping to the fore. After Monday's display, however, the rev. gentleman oan return to the old land satisfied that nothing less than a revolution could cheok the ever-increasing good which the Sisters of Charity are able to accomplish through St. John's sohools. The sisters had not a less warm welcome for their old friend than their pupils, and he was accommodated with the place of honour during the performance. Precisely at three the entertainment commenced, and here, at the very beginning let us mention that it possessed one quality . which the superiors of other convents and schools might profitably imitate—viz., that it was confined within reasonable time. The whole affair, including speeches and all, lasted Only , one hour and thirty minutes. Add to this the fact that the pupils were perfeot in whatever they attempted, and it will be readily understood that the visitors went away really pleased with the display. roceedings commenoed with a pretty antata, which, as there were no programmes, we must desoribe as the rowning of the Queon of Autumn. And a very charming young lady, indeed, was lior majesty, and charming, too, were the songs she sung. Two other young adies who arrived early, hoping, peraps, to have the choosing of any available titles their new sovereign might ave at her disposal, also sang well, heir solos being quite a feature of the ieoe. A number of fairy-like little mbassadors, bearing specimens of all the gifts that autumn briugs to nearly erery and under the sun, also sang some pretty horuses, and helped to make a very pretty picture on the stage. The excellent vocalisation of the children was Bpoken of on every side, and it is evident that this department of a girl's education is well attended to by the nuns. A nursery story, told in an irresistibly humorous manner by a umber of the youngest children attending the school, was applauded loudly, and had encores been allowed the little ones would have had to make second appearance. Ah exhibition of a science which is much favoured by the Sisters of Charity, and which must have a most beneficial effect on the pupils, came next. About forty girls with hoops, poles, dumb-bells, and other appliances of a oalisthefcic olass went through a whole ohapter of exercises with a grace and precision that was little short of marvellous. The prizes were then dis-, tributed to the girls as follows. It will be seen that Fr. Keating has beon a most generous donor of prises. All the mfedals, several of them of exceptional value, have been, presented by him. PRIZE LIST. The following medals, presented by the Rev. Fr. Keating, have been awarded to:— Bertha M'Gauran, gold medal for aggregate merit sixth class. Emma Smith, eilver medal for aggregate merit fifth olass. Alice Boorke, silver medal for aggregate merit fourth class. Nellie M'Namarra, silver medal for aggregate merit .third class. SIXTH STANDARD— Prizes have been awarded to— Bertha M'Gauran, first prize, gold medal. General Proficiency— Annie Ivers. Drawing— Lizzie M'Gorlick. General Proficiency— Hilda Walters. Arithmetic— Edith M'Cartney. History— Clara Davis. Writing and Home Exercise— Annie Ivers. FIFTH STANDARD— Emma Smith, first prise, silver medal. Esther Davis, second prize. Nellie Hogan, third prize. Grammar aud Drawing—Daisy Nolan, fitotee Lessons and Arithmetic—Maggie Gnunell. Beading —Maggie M Annie Tully. Spelling—Maggie, Pattyfoojt. Geography—Agnes Voges. General Improvement—Lily M'Keleon. Christian Doctrine—Kate Battery. Arithmetic — Kate Charleston. Spelling—Susan Feely. JfojasH StANDUSD—Alice Bourke, first pri«e,, silver medal. Iteila . Davis, second wise. Composition — Maggie Ooakley. Christian Doctrine—Katie CuUen. General Proficiency—EEe Keaya. History—Maggie Oompton. Needlework — Ellen Downey. Geography—Kate Connellan. General Im- Movement—Maty Beddin, Ellen M'Natnam. Beading—Sabine Tully. Second prise, Geogrsjihy—Margaret Coal on. Hone Exercise and Mapping—Beatrioa Houghton. Arithmetic—Annie Smith. General Proficiency- Johanna Walsh. Home Lessons—Befisi< 0*Connel. Drawing—Ida Houghton. Im teovement Home Exercise—Antaie Grennell. Borne Exacioe Jemima Heatty. ^petting —Julia Falvey. Grammar and Drawing-. Helena Bilston. Home Lessons—Maggie Waters. THIRD STANHABD.—Nellie M'Uamarra, first prize, Bilver medal. Mary Cooney, Beoond prieo. First prize, Grammar—Anetta Armloff. General Improvement—Nellie O'Shannessv, Geography—Annie Roaohe. General Improvemen t—Mary Walsh. CateohiBm—Nellia Tighe. Beading—Marlon 8holl, Tables- Ada Sweeney. Arithmetic—Boise Hosting. Writing and Home Exeroise—Annie Byfcn. Writing—Katie Oahill. General Improvement—Alioe Houghton, Grammar—Lizzie Braoken. Arithmetic—Frances ' Sweeny. Grammar—Essie Hogan. Writing—MaUd Hogan. Grammar—May Smith. . .. SPECIAL PRKES. — Speoial gold , medal awarded to Clara Davis for good oonduct and application to studies. Annie Iveis, silver medal for musio. Singing—Lizzie M'Gorlick. Writing—Esther Davis. Grammar- Nellie Hogan. Music—Leila Davis. All the prizes having been handed to their rightful owners, Fr. Seating insisted upon a speech from Fr. Stephens. Fr. Stephens, who was received withlond applause, said—My friends, the prizes having been given to the children, I suppose I am expeoted to make a speech on the ocoasion. The first part of my speech must be devoted to Fr. Seating. I have to complain that he has taken me in. When I promised him that I would be present at the distribution of prizes here to-day I expected that we should have a very quiet gathering, composed of the school children and the devoted teaohers. Instead of such a meeting, here I find myself surrounded by this magnifioent assembly. Had I foreseen that there would be so many persons present, my natural bashfulness would have compelled me to beg to be excused. No doubt Fr. Keating bad his own object in asking me to bo present. He would, perhaps, show me how very different things are at St. John's nowadays from what they were when I had charge of the school. To-day the children have got gold and silver medals and valuable book prizes. In my time they were not so fortunate. All our resources were invested in lime and mortar. Many atime I had to explain to theohildrenwhy we had no distribution of prizes. On one occasion I told them: that there were exactly 47 reasons for ;the fact. When they heard that the first of these reasons was that I had no prizes and no means of procuring any, the children generously made me a present of the 46 other reasons that remained to explain the absence of the distribution. I am not in the least jealous of the grand position which St. John's sohool now occupies under the direction of Fr. Keating, aided by the zealous efforts of the saintly Sisters of Charity. I remember the old St. John's, and the inconveniences that the children and- their teachers were subject to. All that, thank God, IB a thing of .the past I feel a great pride in the fact that I was in some. way instrumental in bringing about the change. Many of you, no doubt, know that at present I am about to return to the old country. The future is in the hands of God; but should it please Providence to call me back again to this country, I need hardly eay that £ shall visit St. John's school, ', when, I have no doubt, I shall find it. talring a leading position among the many good Catholio sohools of this fair land. Fr. Keating followed, and in the conn* of his remarks spoke highly of the progress the children were making under the Siaters of Charity. A vote of thanks to Fr. Stephens was proposed by Mr. JSFugent, and seconded by Mr. Davis. Fr. Stephens replied as follows:—-In coming here I little expected 'thkt I should be asked to make a Bpeech, 'much, less did I 1 anticipate that I should'be oalled upon to make two. T realiy do not .think that my, ppor, servicesi "were so valuable as to deserve the vpry flattering speeches of my friend&. Mr. Nugent and Mr. Davis. However. I ain not much surprised at receiving fresh proofs of friendship on ihieir pirt in 1 my regard.. They and others who'art 'now before my mind have T»en the real builders of St. John's. They gavjs their money freely, and their time and labour in season and out of season. They sent their children to St. Joh&*8*ohool when they, had reason to believe it was ,not in the efficient state it is toid&y.; They did this on principle, ^believing firmly that the Catholic Bohools should be enppMtgl, and that, together with secular .^MUtcation, their children should'' lw> fiuipfct that there is a God and a future ItnSttf bliss and joy for those who Ibv^ ind serve Him. Thanking Vou very' Hittoh for having, patiently li«»ned to me, I beg now to hay M * (Applmge). The awards to the boys were presented in the forenoon by Fr. Keating, u follows :— SODS STUROINN— Thomas Ooakley. General William Pinkertoh. FIFTH SriS&Uo-;^-Bnglith—Hn»h (MKI. Arithmetic—John floghUn, ^TJig™* Sheehy, 2. Regular Attendance—Maurice ^Fotbth Stasdabd—Aggregate Merit- Willie M'Mahon. Arithmetio—Arthur Oarr Eegular Attendance—Herman Davis. Beading—Richard Grattidge. Neat Exercises— Fred. Harding. Catechism—Thomas Mee, Third Standabd — Aggregate Merit-John Kavanagh. Reading —James O'Connor. Begnlar Attendance—Bertie Herriok. Neat Exercises—Henry M'Namara. Oateohism— Robert Smith. Arithmetio—Daniel Coak- ^boohd Standard — Beading—Michael Walsh. Arithmetic—Willie O'Brien. Writ- Jng—Willie Goulding. English—Willie Oonnellan. Oateohism — Joseph VogeB Geography—Arthur Young. Regular At tendance—Alfred Walters. Good Conduct— Michael Hanley. We may mention that the Sisters of Charity intend having a concert at an early date, the proceeds of which will be devoted to the prize fund. EICHMOWD. The quarterly Communion breakfast of the Richmond Catholic Young Men's Society was held in the schoolroom, Vaucluse, on the 7th inst., when there was an excellent attendance of members, the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J. (president), presiding. The breakfast was, as usual, arranged by ladies from the Children of Mary s Society, and was of a very inviting character. Much taste was displayed in the laying out of the tables After justice had been done to the roast a number of toasts were proposed. pai Mi ~r. W. J. Hegarty gave that of " The Pope," and instanced the present Pontiff's many acts of wisdom, piety, and statesmanship. " The Archbishop" was proposed by Mr. J. B. Hoare, who paid a just compliment to his Grace for his successful labours in all directions of religious and civil life, and for his unassuming piety and kind disposition. Mr. G-. Douglas, vicepresident, proposed " The Spiritual Director and Rev. President," and stated that Fr. Moore was the right man in the right place. Fr. Mulhall's services to the members in the matter of good advice was too well known to require repeating. Mr. Douglas asked the members to assist the fathers in every way. Fr. Moore responded, and thanked Mr. Douglas and the members for the reception given to the toast. He also addressed some eloquent words of encouragement and instruction to * those present. The toast of " Catholic Toung Men's Societies" was in the hands of Mr. A. Nolan, who welcomed the visitors, and expressed the opinion that interchange of visits would greatly facilitate federation. Messrs. V. Kelly (St. Hilda), Briggs (Essendon), Reardon (Hawthorn), Wright (North Melbourne), and Clarihan (CoUingwood) replied. All the speakers warmly advocated federation, and an enthusiasm was manifested all round which augurs well for the success of the new union. The ladies of the Children of Mary's Society who assisted (Misses Cassidy, M'Inerney, O'Loughlin, and Fidgeon) were warmly thanked by Mr. Mullarkey, who stated that the members of the Young Men's Society always received kindness and attention at their hands. Mr. Slattery replied on behalf of the ladies. During the proceedings Fr. Moore referred in feeling and complimentary terms to Mr. W. O'Connor. (an old and respected resident of Richmond, and father of Mr. P. O'Connor, one of the pioneers of the society), who died suddenly on Satur- day night. IIITDAIE. The lAlydale Express refers as follows to, the departure from that town of the Rev. T. Lynch, who has recently been appointed to St. Brigid's, Fitsroy s—Fr. Lynch, during his residence here, extending somewhat over two years, won the respect and esteem of all he came in contact with for his genial affability, generous hospitality, and unobtrusive earnestness. Even those whose religious conviotions did not coincide with his, admired him for his simple and exemplary life, and the very evident sincerity of Ms religious work. As showing the marvellous amount of energy he displayed during his short term here it may be stated that although an accident-which he sustained shortly after his artival here left him for a considerable time in anything bnt Tobust health, he succeeded in erecting a handsomepresbytery at Lilydale and a commodiouB cnurcn at Yarra Glen, costing in all,. soma - two. thousand pounds. On Tiesdky" evening, 2nd inst., a special meeting of the local branch of the H.A.O.B.S. Was held to take leave of the rev. gentleman, who had been president of the branch from its inception until the end of last year, when he retired through effluxion of time. The secretary, Mr. T. £. Kinsella, in a brief speech, regretted. the departure of their reverend and worthy put president, and said th&tit; was mainly owing to him that they now occuie d a position which, ell things con- rfderg they had every reason to be proud t J ^ t A a voided b'e very hard to fill. He then read the following farewell address :— To ins Rev. Fb. Ltoor, P.P. Bev. and Dear Sir,—We, the undersigned offioMB of St. Patriok's Branch, No. 848, of the Hibernian.Australasian Catholic Benefit Booietv, Lilydale, beg respeotfully, on behalf of thejbrothers of this branch, to|tender to your Beverenoe on the oooasion of your approaching and regretted departnre from amongst us our most earnest wishes for your future health and welfare. We also beg to oonvey to your Beverenoe our sinoereat expressions of respect and regard, and to thank you very heartily for th6 genuine and practical sympathy shown by your Reverence in connection with the affairs of our branch. We feel satisfied that we cannot adequately convey in words our sorrow at your departure, but we beg to assure yon that we will always look back with the greatest possible pleasure to the beauty and harmony of those meetings that were held under your mild and happy presidency. In conclusion, we heartily pray that God will bless and proteot you in your new sphere of labour, and that He will long spare your Reverence to oarry on your holy work with the_ devotion and earnestness which characterised your mission in Lilydale. We are, Bey. and Dear Sir, Your faithful and obliged servants, and grateful children, Signed on behalf|of' St. Patrick's, No. 343, Lilydale. T. Cotter, B.P. J. Sdppis, V.P. T. E. EmsBiitiA, S. Fr. Lynch replied very feelingly, and at some length. He thanked the brethren cordially for their generous thoughtfulneBS in presenting this kind address, and for the deep respect and affection invariably exhibited towards him as president of the branch. He assured them that he would always entertain a lively interest in the affairs of their branch, and look back with the greatest ileasure to his connection with them, le said that although he was leaving the district he would still continue a member of the branch. After giving kindly and valuable advice, relative to branch business, Fr. Lynch resumed his Beat amidst applause. Speeches were then made by several of the brothers indicative of the regret felt at the loss of the past president, and deprecating his departure, after which the proceedings terminated. It has been decided by the branch to present Fr. Lynch with a P.P. certificate and a souvenir, to testify to the esteem in which he was held. A testimonial from the congregation in general is also in course of preparation. Fr. Lynch left by the evening train on Wednesday, rd inst., for his new home, and his eparture was witnessed by a very large number of friends. GEELONG. {From our own Correspondent.) On the 1st inst. the committee of St. Mary's Hall building fund met for the last time, and they may well be congratulated upon the splendid results of their six months' labour—a magnificent Catholic hall, paid for even before completely finished. The Very Eev. Dr. Slattery, Vicar-General, presided, and was, of course, delighted with the pleasing state of affairs. After the business was concluded an adjournment was made to the resbytery, where the hospitality of the icar-General was duly appreciated. ongratulatory speeches were made, some of Moore's melodies were rendered, nd a very pleasant evening spent. The cost of the building, I may again menion, was £6000. The Vicar-General esires to thank moBt sincerely all those hose " unexampled generosity" has nabled him to complete the new hall ree of debt. Much pleasure is expressed at the ood results obtained by the children of ur schools at the late examination for xhibitions and scholarships. 