BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,3' 'Aunt Rachel/' 'Eainbow Gold,' &c;, &c;, &e.; ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTEB L A pair of lovers were strolling along an English country lane, the sun had fallen half an. hour before, but its beams were still re flected in the zenith, so that through the over arching boughs of lofty hedgerows, and the trees studded about them, there fell a radiance -which, though soft and ghost- like, still gave light enough for the man and maid to read ?each other's faces. The male, as was natural, took ardent advantage of bis opportunity and ?walking with drooping head and side long face kept his eyes fixed upon the girl's half ' averted features. She, for her part, stole only an occasional glance at him, each time swiftly -withdrawn. She was not pre-eminently pretty, ?except to a lover's eyes, but her face was full ?of a vivacious tenderness, and at every fugitive glance she gave *?'' her companion's heart yearned over her. 'You are quite sure you love me?' said the young man, puttingthe question for the twen tieth time that evening. The girl's shy glance met his for a moment; and drooped again. She gave him no further response but for a while at least he seemed satisfied, and they walked on slowly in the gathering dusk, until at a corner of the lane he put his arm about her -waist and drawing her gently to him arrested her footsteps. She laid her head upon his breast with no pretence of ?coyness as he stood with his arms folded about J»pp slimVMerH- Thev were as hnnnviislnvfi and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have a right to be. But whilst they stood thus in silence the noise of a figure crashing through the hedgerow startled them apart, and an intruder landed in the roadway almost at the lovers' feet. Of the three the newcomer seemed themost disturbed. He peered through the gloom first at one and then at the other of the pair upon whose soli tude he had unwittingly broken, 'and once or twice his lips moved as if he would willingly have framed some sort of apology, but never a ?word he spake. With each second that went by the silence bad^ fairtobeiaoreembarrassing, but the girl recovering her equanimity some what tardily broke the awkward spelL 'Good evening, Mr. Hetheridge.' The intruder made shift to pluck oS his hat and to stammer a response, of which no word sras audible. With that he moved away leav ing the lovers aloue in a considerable mo mentary embarrassment. They had scarce recovered themselves when the intruder was back again, and even in the: deepening dost it was plainly to be seen that he had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside bis confusion. He carried bis shoulders in de cidedly truculent fashion and grasped his -walking-stick by the middle with the air of a man who means business. _L uont wane uj uiwriupu juu jusouuur, Sir. Redwood,' he began, and there paused to moisten his lips with his tongue. 'But if its -convenient to you I should like a word with you before the nighf s out.' ' Very good,' returned the lover, catching a shade of the intruder's manner. ' Name your time,3-«aid the intruder. ' Will 10 o'clock suit you f ' Perfectly, Pll call on you at that time.' With that he swung upon his heel and marched rapidly away, his footsteps sounding on Jthe sun-baked road whilst he walked a hundred yards or so and then falling suddenly into silence as he vaulted a stile and took us way through the deep grass of a hay meadow. 'George,' said the girl, laying an imploring hand on her companion's arm. 'You won't quarrel, will you?' ' My darling,' George responded, passing an arm about her waist, ' I've nothing to quarrel About so far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a quarrelsome turn of mind.' ' You have nothing to quarrel about,' the firl answered, 'bub he has, or at least he dinks he has.' 'Oh,' George answered laughing, 'that's an old story, and I should think by this time lie's had the sense to forget all about it. We fought about it in our school days, but -we're grown men now, the pair of us, and it would be ?a. pity if a pair of sensible people should fall to loggerheads over a dead and buried old yarn like that.' ' It isn't dead and buried for John Hethe ridge,' the girl responded. ' He believes it to this day ; he was speaking to Sir Eustace about it only this morning. He was speaking angrily and noiBily as he does sometimes, and the .gardener overheard them. Aunt Mary told me .at teatime this evening. She was afraid that there would always be black blood between them.' ' Well, my dear,' the young man answered ?easily, 'it takes two to make a quarrel. My father used to say that anger was as catching as the measles, but I've never found it so. If Jack Hetheridge likes to be a fool he must take his way singly. I promise you he shan't tempt xne to keep nun company/5 They began to walk on slowly once more, the young man fondling his companion's ungloved hand and now and then stooping to kiss it. It ?was almost dark by this time and each saw the . -other's face only as a pale featureless blot on i ' the background of the gloom. The girl paused suddenly in her walk and throwing both arms about her lover clung to him tightly, and he '\ raising his hand to her face found it was wet -with tears. j 'Why, Elliee darling,' he demanded : tenderly. ' what's the matter? You don't use fceing like this. There's no danger in the -world. Fm not afraid of Jack Hetheridge of all men in the world and you shan't be if I can help it. Now don't worry, my darling, dry your eyes and think no more about it.' 'There's something else, George,' the girl -whispered, etill clinging to him. At this George started with a sudden divina tion. 'Oh, that3 s it, is it?' he asked with a cer tain dryness in his tone, ' he's had the cheek to bave it out at last, has he ?' 'You know about it ?'VEIliee asked him ina whisper which barely reached his ears. 'Why, my dear,' George answered, 'it stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl as much as I do you ? i He paused there to emphasise his speech by a hug and a kiss. ' When a man loves a girl as much as I do you it makes him pretty keen to see -when anybody else is hanging about after her. I could always be snre that you never liked the fellow and that if I went single id wouldn't be for his sake. When did you send him about his business, darling V 'He spoke to me yesterday,' she answered, in a shame-stricken whisper as if she had baen confessing a guilty secret. 'So late as that,' said George. 'I can understand his being a bit rusty lighting on us in that sudden way a while ago ; if I'd come on him in the same way I should have been like enough to break his head for him. But then of course it would have been different, for I should have known the beggar wasn't there by your good wilL But don't let's think of him any more, my dear ; he shall have bis talk to night, and I'll tell you all about it in the morn ing. In the meantime .there are lots of pleasanter things in the world than Jack Hetheridge for you and me to think about, and here's one of them. When's the day to be, my darling? When are you going to make me the happiest man in Worcestershire? ' SEe put these queries by, and he grew tenderly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. He grew more ardent still and frightened her deliciously with his kisses, pro testations, and embraces, until at last she gave him an answer. They would be married that day three months, and on that delightful understanding he conducted her to her own garden gate, bade her a lover-like good night there, and swung off homeward to meet the in truder of an hour and a half before. His mother, a quiet, grey-haired old woman, sat knitting in the parlor by the light of a pair of tall candles. 'I:ve done it at last, mother,' he said, as he stooped to kiss her. ''XShathas't done, lad?' the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. 'I doubt,' the young fellow answered laughingly, ' that you'll want a bit of practice, but you'll have to stand up for one dancs at least this day three months.' 'Oh, oh!' said the old lady. 'You've spoke to Ellice?' 'Yes, mother,' the young man responded, ' I've spoken to Elliee. and we're to be married this day three months.' The mother rose and kissed him and cried over him a little, as tender mothers will some times in such a case. 'Who'd ha' thought of little Ellie Green away and you a growin' up to be man and wife together? Well, welL she's a pretty gell, George, and a good gell, nd I think she'll make you happy. And 11 you're as good a husband as you've been a son to. me she's got a prize in ten thousand. xGtve got your mother's blessin', George, my lad. This affectionate colloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door. ' There's Jack Hetheridge,' said George, ' I met him in Barstoe-lane a while ago, and he said he wanted a 'word with me. He's come for it now, I guess.' 'It's private business, George?' his mother asked. 'Yes,' said George. 'I suppose it's private business. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry for it, too. What are the maids about f The knocking at the front door was renewed more loudly than before, and George himself answered the summons. 'There's nobody hard of hearing in this house, Jack,' he said, as he opened the door. 'Come in. We'll have our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there.' He led the way through the pitch dark hall with the assured foot of custom. The visitor followed him gropingly for a yard or two, and then coming into collision with some unseen piece of furniture cursed quietly to himself and waited. By-and-bye George appeared in a door way with a candle and beckoned to the self invited guest. 'Now, Jack,' he asked, when they were seated together, with the light between them, ' what' s the word about ?' They were a strongly and even strangely as sorted pair to look sat. There was scarcely a difference of a month in their ages, Jbufc Hetheridge might easily have been^taken for George's senior by half a score of years. His features were thin and puckered, his forehead was prematurely bald, his thin lips ruled a hard, straight line, which dipped suddenly at the corners, and his pale grey eyes were rest less and angry looking as they wandered hither and thither in their shiftiness, as if their owner were seeking something to revenge a spite upon. His hair, his eyebrows, and bis little bits of side whiskers were all of the same no-color, but unusually crisp and wiry. A mere rime of closely-shaven beard sparkled in the candlelight upon his cheeks and chin. He had a nervous knack of lengthening the jaw and scraping with thumb and finger over this close-trimmed stubble in such a way as to elicit a faintly audible sound. In stature he was slight, but inclined to be talL The man who faced him, waiting for the opening of the conversation, was a well-built aeep-cnestea ieuow, wicn a xresn, unwruuaea face, a kindly aspect, and large, blueish grey eyes that looked as open and honest as the day. ' Now, Jack,' he asked a second time, as Hetheridge sat scraping furtively at his lean jaw and sending his vexed glance everywhere but in the direction of his companion — ' Now, Jack, what is it ?' Hetheridge seemed at firsb in no hurry_ to answer, but suddenly he banged the walking stick he carried on the unclothed table and leaning forward looked his rival for the first time in the face. 'You're in my way, George Redwood,' he began, with a directness for which an observer ?would have been unlikely to give, him credit. 'Oh,' said George, /with a tranquil lifting of the eyebrows, 'perhaps you'll tell me how?' ' Your father was in my father's way,' said Hetheridge, dropping his glance and clutching his stout walking-stick in both ha.Tnfa as though he strove to break it. 'Your father was in my father's way, and you're in mine.' 'Now, look here, Jack,' returned Redwood, 'Fmsick of that ridiculous old story. If you've come here to talk about that you might as well save your breath to cool your porridge.' ' Your father,' said Hetheridge, 'robbed my father of 350 acres lying between the brook and Bristol-lane. The world knows that. You know it as well as I do.' 'Yes,' George answered, 'just as well as you do. If s {a foolish lie, and there's an end of it. Your father wasn't a careful man ; mine was. One wasted money and the other made it. Your father drank and racketed his lands away, and my father bought 'em with honest money made in honest business. Go where you like, ask anybody who knows the story, and they'll tell you the same thing.' ' Your father robbed my father,' persisted Hetheridge sullenly. 'I shouldn't be aggrieved,' Redwood an swered with a cool contempt, 'at anything you might say, even if I supposed that you believed it. Nobody but a born fool could be lieve that yarn of yours in face of the evidence, and you're not a born fool, Jack Hetheridge.' 'Your father robbed my father,' Hethe ridge said again, 'and you've robbed me.' ' Is that so ?' Redwood asked in the same tone or cool contempt, now will you be so good as to tell me how f ' You know how well enough,' Hetheridge returned. He set his stick across his knee and tugged at with all his force. 'Well, no,' drawled George with an irri tating unconcern. 'I cannot precisely say I do. J? erhaps you'll be good enough to explain the matter. 'Who ? ' began Hetheridge. He stopped, choking at the word. 'Well,' demanded Redwood. 'Who — Who— what?' ' Who came in between me and Ellice Green away ?' Hetheridge flashed at him, lifting his wrathful eyes suddenly and glaring at George across the table. 'I can answer that question in a minute,' George responded, 'it was X and Miss Greenaway that came in between you and Miss Greenaway. If you'd been another man and she'd been another woman you might have hit it off to perfection.' Hetheridge's face was pale and his voice shook a little as he spoke. 'You came between us, George Redwood. I've cared for her ever since I was a lad. Fve cared about her and I've let her see it.' He spoke as if he had to lay a desperate compul sion on himself to speak at all, and what with the reality of his rage and the tenseness of the hold with which he clutched the walking stick across his knee his whole figure vibrated. ' I've been her follower and her servant these 15 years, since she was a little thing run ning about in short frocks, and up till now I never cast a thought on any other girl aud never shall. I've always meant to marry her and I mean to marry her, and as sure as God's alive, George, the man that crosses me has got to fight me for her.' The man epoke with an anguish so easily to be seen that the successful rival felt a touch of pity. 'Look here, Jack,' he said, ' what's the use of talking. Suppose we two should fight — suppose you make an end of me, do you think youd be any nearer marrying Ellice for that? I n'ver heard it was the way to a girl's heart to kill the man she honored with her liking.' ' You came m between us, Hetheridge said again in a dull, tired way this time, 'aud you'll have to suffer for it. If I can't marry her no ? bodv else shall.' 'Man alive,' cried the other, with a half contemptuous, half-angered laugh, 'man alive, you're mad ; you got your answer yesterday.' 'She told you that, did she?' cried Hethe ridge wrathfuHy. ' Yes,' said George, 'she told me. She had a right to tell me. We shall be married, please God. this day three months.' ' Youthinkso,' Hetberidge answered. 'We shall see.' 'Of course we shall,' George answered dryly. 'And now, Jack, if you've no more good sense to lavish on me I'll say 'Good night.'_ I should suppose that you'd be very satisfying even to a craving stomach, and Fve had no appetite for you at any time. Take the dish away, John.' With this touch of rustic irony Redwood rose, opened the door, and indicated the way to his rival by a careless wave of the hand. 'Forewarned's forearmed, they say,' sai Hetheridge. 'Never say I didn't caution you.' ' Here, Jack, my lad,' said Redwood, slam ming the door and setting his broad back against it. ' What's all this point to ? What are you going to do?' 'I'll tell you what Fm not going to do,' eaid!Hetheridge, sitting motionless in his chair. ' I'm not going to stand by whilst any man steps in between me and Ellice Greenaway. Take warning, George.' 'What do you mean to do?' George asked him. ' Do you think I'm a baby to be frightened by the first ugly chap that comes along and pulls faces at me? Come now, what do you mean ?' * 'Mean?' cried Hetheridge, suddenly rising to his feet and confronting his adversary, 'I'll have the life of any man that marries Elliee. Nowyou've got it straight.' 'Yes,' said Redwood, with an air of weary resignation, ' we've got it straight at last, and now get out of my house.' Hetheridge obeyed the cool gesture of dis missal, but turned in the doorway for a final word. 'Don't forget, George. Think of what I've told you.' ' 1 shan't burden my mind with any such sickly nonsense,' Redwood answered, and so saying he took the candle from the table and conducted his rival to the door. Chapter IL Hetheridge walked out into the darkness in a mood sullenly bitter. He swung rapidly along by the garden path, and mistaking by a yard or two the position of the gate walked full tilt against it, abrasing wrists and knees. The unexpected pain, slight as it was, turned his sullenness to a sudden fury, and wheeling round towards the house he cursed it and its inmates aloud with both smarting hands quivering in the air. He found the exercise for the moment so congenial and absorbing that he was quite blind and deaf to hfs surroundings, until he was awakened to theni by the crook of a walking-stick upon his shoulder and the sound of a voice almost at his ear. 'Come, come, Hetheridge,' said the yoiee, ' this is a poor sort of work for a Christian man ; what5 s the matter with you ?' Hetheridge knew the speaker almost at the first word and stayed the torrent of his objurgations. 'You'd better get away from here,' said the new- comer in a tone of authority. 'Look here, Sir Eustace,' Hetheridge began -with propitiative expostulatory whine, in comic contrast with his late full- throated anathema. ' But I won't look there,' said the authori tative one, and fixing the crook of his walking stick in Hetheridge's collar he drewhim calmly outside the gate and with a mere injunction to him to follow led the 'way along the lane for 100 yards or so. By this time the wrathful man's eyes -were accustomed to the darkness and when Sir Eustace stopped Hetheridge arrested his own footsteps also, aud the two facing each other could dimly read each the expression of the other's countenance. ' Now !' said the baronet, who was a mighty man in those parts and accustomed to having his own way with all and sundry, ' I told you this morning you were making an ass of your self and that Fd stand no more of it. I dare undertake to say that there isn't a grown man or woman within 5 miles who doesn't know the rights and wrongs of your case, and there isn't one of them who, being asked, wouldn't tell you that you are a fooL Old Redwood no more [robbed your father than I did, or you did, or the man in the moon did.' ' I know better, Sir ^Eustace,' said Hethe ridge doggedly. 'Ah,' said Sir Eustace, ' you're a man with a crank. You're laboring under a delusion, and if you don't take care it may lead you into mischief. I don't know after what I heard to night that I shouldn't be justified in advising young Redwood to lay an information against! you. March home now and led me see you in the morning. Fll bave none of this dangerous madness in my neighborhood if I can help it.' 'Goodnight, Sir Eustace,' said the young man humbly. | i' Good night,' said the baronet, and stood watching the retreating figure until it melted into the shadows and was lost. Then he too set out for- home, and coming in a little while to the lodge gates of his own park bade the lodgekeeper fasten up for the night, and, light ing a cigar, strolled slowly along the drive, well pleased with himself as a man who had justly asserted his own importance and arrested a dangerous agent. He went to bed in the same calm complaisancy and in the morning awaited Hetheridge's arrival. The morning wore away and the young man failed to pub in an appearance. Luncheon time came, but still no Hetheridge. This was at 1 o'clock, aud at 3 o'clock Sir Eustace ordered his horse and rode out in quest of the reclusent. He found him at his own homestead, a mile or there abouts from the hall, a rambling gabled thatched old tenement, -which had been in the course of so many generations so rebuilt in E laces and so added to that it looked as if the ouses of a hamlet had been heaped and squeezed together. Hetheridge stood in the porch leggened and spurred as if fresh from the saddle. He carried a riding switch in one hand and at sight of the approaching magnate hung his head and whipped at his corduroy legs with an air of dogged abstraction. Sir Eustace came riding down the path as if he would ride into the house and checking his horse suddenly looked wrathfully dowiij at the yeoman. ' Here you are,' he said curtly. 'Yes,' Hetheridge answered, 'here I am, as you say, Sir Eustace.' He lifted his dogged face as he spoke and the baronet guessed by the flush upon his fore head and a certain gloomy film of anger in his eyes that he had been drinking. 'I told you,' he said, 'that I expected to see you this morning.' 'I am aware of that, Sir Eustace,' the young man answered, 'but Fve had other work on hand. There's no such thing as justice in this part of the world for me and I've made up my mind to clear .out of it. I rode over to Worcester this morning and Fve put the land on the market. This old bundle of bricks and mortar' — he struck the lintel with riding whip as he spoke. ' This old bundle of bricks and mortar goes with it. I'm going to Australia. I can't stand this ? old country any longer and I'm off.' ** Well,' said Sir Eustace, ' it's about the best tiling you could do, Hetheridge. I hope we shall have no folly or violence on your part in the meantime. As for the land you've re solved to part with ? ' 'Oh, Fve quite made up my mind about that, Sir Eustace,' Hetheridge answered, flog ging at his legs with angry emphasis. 'Fll make you a bid for it,' the baronet pursued ; 'it lies up close to my own all along. You'd better see Raymond or get your solicitor to see him and arrange a price with him.' 'Very well, Sir Eustace,' the young man answered in a voice slightly husky and un steady, 'it's no care of mine who has it so long as it doesn't go into George Redwood's hands.' ' Do you mean to stay on here iu the mean time?' Sir Eustace asked him. 'No,' said the young fellow defiantly, 'Fm going up to London. Fm going to have a look at The Smoke. I can't breathe down here. I want to go somewhere where I can get fair play.' 'Well, well,' said the baronet, forbearing to argue with him ; ' I dare say you're doing the wisest thing. You'll call and see me before you go?' ' I don't know about that, Sir Eustace,' the other answered. 'There's nobody who'll be any the better for my good-byes or any the worse for going without 'em. Fve neither wife nor kin, nor chick nor child, and where I go or what becomes of me matters to nobody.' It the young man had paid fewer visits to the bottle in the course of the day the bitter ness of his heart might have been less out spoken-; but even as things stood it was ob vious that he felt keenly, and the baronet, who though a bit of an autocrat, was a kindly man enough in the main, was sorry for him. He stooped down from his saddle and laid a friendly hand upon the youngster's shoulder. 'Come, come,' he said, 'you'll find plenty of friends if you look for them, or even if you let them come without looking for them- The -world's wide, my lad, and there are lots of good men and pretty girls in it.' Whether from a fear of breaking down or in resentment of the friendly voice and hand Hetheridge turned and -walked straight into the house without a word. Sir Eustace being thus left alone saw nothing for it but to turn his horse's head homeward and leave the un happy young fellow to his own devices. On the whole he was inclined to think that things were turning out well. He had often thought, and had cause enough for thinking, that Hetheridge was likely to be dangerous. Always inclined to be an ill-conditioned fellow, the young man bad of late shown so menacing a disposition that Sir Eustace had more than onee felt nervous about him. The baronet regarded himself as the divinely-appointed caretaker of that country side, and not being a man who sought for trouble was glad to know that the one disturbing element he had to deal with was withdrawing from his sphere. As for the yeoman, whose own wrong headedness and jealousy uprooted him from his native soil, he felt as wrathful, as injured, and as desolate'as if every one of his mad and bitter fancies had been absolutely true in fact. It gave an added pang to the sting of his injuries to know that not a living soul but him self believed in them. The whole world was in a conspiracy against him. People laughed or jeered or turned away in fatigue when he talked of the family wrongs the Redwoods had inflicted on his house. : {To be continued. J 