"Jack and the Beanstalk" was repeated at • -the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday night by the \ D'Arcy Stanfield Pantomime Company in the presence of a large audience. A number of ; new songs and local hits were introduced, and •with the exception of a slight hesitation in on© or two of the performer?, the pantomime went * very smoothly from start to finish. Good ■ business has since been the order of the day. There were two performances of "Robinson Crusoe*1 at the Opera House, on Saturday, one a matinee in the afternoon, and the other a re vised version of the entertainment which has filled the bills 9incc Boxing night. The children of the Diamantina and St. Vincent's Orphanages had been invited to the matinee, ana all those old enough to appreciate the per formance were present and rigntliearty wastnc-ii enjoyment. Tne house was fairly well filled, and the pantomime which had been somewhat curtailed went merrily. The evening per formance was not so largely patronised as the efforts of the company, which has during the past fortnight contributed successfully to the amusement of the Brisbane public, deserved. Owing to a series of unfortunate circumstances the performance on Monday night proved to be ' the last of the pantomime season. The business done with Mr. Mus grove's pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, is , mud to bo the best on record for that theatre. Mr. J. C. "Williamson will probably send out a second comic opera company shortly. Having an extenave repertoire of the best works in this and a big staff of people,- Mr. Williamson, the Sydney Telfgraph thinks, should be able to cover tbe colonies profitably with two com panies. The Sydney Doibj TtUgrtph reports that Mr. Walter Bratlev op:ned his New Zealand tour at the Hew Tear, beginning his tour, most appropriately, at Scotch Dancdin. "Hamlet" was the first play, with Mr. Bentley in tbe name parr, Mr. Clifton Alderson as the Ghost, Mr. C. Holloway as the lung, Mr. Greenaway as Icertes, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowau as Polouius, .. Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia, and Miss Alice ; : Deonvyn ay the Queen. From Melbourne we learn that the "Merry • Monarch" is having a good run at the Prin cess Theatre. The two pantomimes, "Jack the Giant-killer" at the Alexandria and "Dick Whirtingtou and hi? Cat" at the Theatre Royal, are drawing full house*?. "Much Ado About Nothing" at the Bijou is pro vine; a marked, success. "Sclls's shows at Friendly Societies' Gardens are performing twice daily, and drawing large crowds. News from Sydney states that the "Mikado" was revived by the William son Juvenile Opera Company at the Criterion Theatre on Saturday night. Two Sydney boys, Robert dough and Harry Leader, made their debut in prominent characters. At Her Majesty's the "Babes in the "Wood" continue to attract large audiences. The "Fortr Thieves" still continues to draw ciowdetl houses at the Royal. The Cogill Bros, are doing good business at the Garrick. Madame Fanny Simonsen's Opera Com pany have closed their season in Ade laide (says the Sydney Teltyravh). The original intention was to proceed to Brisbane from Adelaide, but in view of the great cost involved in the transference of so large n com pany and the extreme depression of business in the Queensland capital at the present time, it has been decided to abandon the vidt to that i city. Arrangements arc now pending for a j theatre in Sydney, and it is probable that in the ! meantime a short series of operatic representa-. I rims will be given in Melbourne. ! Theatres are most common in the United States, -where there are about Co to every 1 1,030,003 inhabitants. . . , . Sir Arthur Sullivan's opera "Ivanlioe " -will be first given in German at the Imperial Opera House, Berlin, on January 27, by command, of the Emperor. The choice of his Majesty's birthday for such a production must be regarded as a special compliment to the British composer. The brief autumnal season of opera at Covcnt Garden closed on November 21, when "Car men" was once more given in French, with Madame Deschamp3 as the gipsy heroine, the rest of the cast remaining as before. At the end of the performance Sir A. Harris came before the curtain, and, being called upon for a'speech, announced that in consequence of the success already achieved he intended to bring the vocalists of the Paris Opera Coxnique again to London nest year. Messrs. Gilbert and Cellier's new comic opera "The Mountebanks," was, as already announced by cable, produced at the Lyric Theatre on December 19. The plot, in which it is understood an automatic man on the " put a-penny-in-ihe- slot" principle figures, is of an uproaringly fanny character, and tlie principal parts were played by Misses Geraldine Ulmsr, Lucille Saunders, Ada Jeuoure, and Eva Moore; Messrs. Lionel Brough, MonVnou.se, Arthur Playfair, F. Wyatt, Charles Gilbert, Cecil Burt, Furneaux Cook, and Jolui Hobert Eon. It has been reported that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan will again collaborate for the production of yet another comic opera. The statement is declared to be extremely safe, but no details have been given. What, is much more definite is the fact that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. 'George Grossmith are engaged upon a comic opera. The book ia in the hands of Mr. Grossmitb, and the music by the "Society clown " is well nndcr weigh. What it is about, . or where it will be produced, are among those ' things not generally known. Mr. Grossmitb will undertake a farewell tour in the provinces; beginning in January and finishing during the , full season in London. Ho will then rest for • a few weeks, previous to his departure for America in the autumn. ! Mr. Bland Holt has been doing' immense 1 business at Hobart during' tho holiday season. An American' theatrical manager who has paid Madamo Modjeska 500,000 dollars for lier services on the stage is in the Bankruptcy Court in England. Mi*. Fred. Leslie, burlesque actor and writer, rebels against the managerial blue pencil as earnestly as Mr. H. A. Jones. In his latest interview in Sydney, Mr. Leslio (says a London writer) incidentally remarked that one reason for testing the merits of " Cinder-Ellen" at the Antipodes was that London managers in- , sis ted at rehearsal "on shaping a burlesque solely with a view to the funniments." Now we 'know who is responsible for ruthlessly destroying the literary features of Gaiety bur lesques, eliminating all traces of consecutive story, and practically converting them into variety entertainments. "When Mr. Leslie re turns a few weeks hence he should take a theatre for himself, and show how a burlesque ought to be produced. Worshippers of Wagner are exultant over the accounts of tho Barreuth " Feb- tspiel" of this year—"the crowning success of a long series of triumphs." "The Meister" states that mom than 3,000 seats were sold in London alone, or twice as many as in 1889. Many an applicant to Messrs. Chappell was sent empty away, whilst Ilerr Gross, the Bayreuth " Ver waltungaratli," was besieged with letters, averaging 200 a-day, from would-be ticket holders, long after the whole stock of scats had been absorbed; and outside tho official sales, tho coveted tickets were changing hands at a premium of from 100 to 400 per cent. It is . further stated that though the expenses of production were enormous, amounting to £27,000 or £2S,000, thero was still a profit of from £2,000 or £3,000 upon these 20 perform ances. Various rumours hare been current in regard to a season of German opera in London; but tbe Daily Xtick says that preliminary arrange ments hare now been made by which it is hoped that a series of performances, in which some of the leading artists of the Bayreuth Festival will take part, will be given in Lon don in May and June next. ♦ In addition to the Wagnerian operas it is proposed to include ; the repertory Peter Cornelius's "Barber of Bagdad," Marschner's " Hans Heiling" (ori ginally produced at Hanover as far back as I 1S33, but recently revived in Germany with great success), and other popular works. Several eminent artists, with Irau Sucher and Herr Alvary at their head, are mentioned as likely to be members of tho troupe. German opera has been strangely neglected in London for somevears past, hut that it is to be tried again under adequate conditions will bo a source of satisfaction to many music lovers. Bald-headed gentleman in pit (to lady in dress circle): Madam, I respect your emotion, but yon are weeping on my head. 