^teftis-of 3uteiest. : ONE nf tiie Easily uses to which paper •now put that of making gas 'pipes. Manilla paper is cub in strips equalling in width' the length of the pipe to be made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly .round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected^ to powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with sand and the whole cooled.in water. The core is then removed, and the'outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gastight, and are said to be much cheaper than iron pipes. Some Gerr-i?n scientists have recently furnished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 years an the maximum, 425 years to the silver fir, 27-3 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to tho ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to tho elm. The heart of the oak begius to rot at aboub the age of about 300 years. The holly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence near Aschaflenburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind which has attained the age of 410 years. There is a cnurch in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. Careful scientific, investigations show bhat the average speed of the transmission of earthquake shocks ia nearly 16,000 feet per second. The following warning to suicides is exhibited in the province of Montenegro :—"All persons who take their lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses are to be strung to gallowo, in view of the public, for twauty-four hours.. Suicide is unworthy of a Montenegrin. Cod alone lias power, over a man'.:- life, which dare be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of his country." The Chinese iiave an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by a god or deril they regard' as extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see the gods moving aboub is considered lucky. To'dreaui of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description 1 of a week's work at Leeds:—" Indescribable times ; united consecration ; six souls. Victory ! " Seals, wbeu basking, place one of their number on guard to give the alarm iu case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of the flippers .GU a rock. Wild rabbits signal I with their foreoaws, and have regular signalsand calls. An artesian well was some years ago sunk on the beach at San Buenaventura, California, five feet from high-water mark. At a depth of aboub one- hundred aud. fortythree feet r„ strong flow of water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above the ground. Some fish were observed in the waste water,.and an examination of the well revealed the fact that it was filled with young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes and all, aud measured about two inches in length. Thousands of them were thrown out by each jet. The temperature of the well water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed bhab the fish may have come from the head- waters of the Santa Clara River by some subterranean outlet; that stream itself is several miles distant from the. well. In Turkey, twenty years ago, men were hanged for trifles; tradesmen who sold short weight might be nailed by the ear to their own doorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who w-ere impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the soles of the feet. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient was accustomed to go barefoot or to spend his life in barouches. The water-carriers, porters, street fruit- sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were like a. horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital punishment, exceptfor brigandage and for attempts at assassinating-high officials. While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,0001b. in 1S91, the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by no less than 16,700,0001b., or 4S per cent. In England and Wales S,979 miles of railway out of 9,044 miles ot double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals and 253 cubs.. The amount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for afull-prown animal and £1 12s. for a cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3J yards long, and is gilded and richly ornamented. The outside of the parasol is of bright, green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, while the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. I Voman asserts that one of .the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late cofl'ee-liouse. where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg,the composer, was celebrated recently at his home near Bergen, Norway. - After dinner Grieg played his famous " Wedding Procession," and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her husband's son is. In Russia blacu is never used for covering coffins, the cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young person, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salary has been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the •26th day of every month the Treasurer of the United States sends to the Wbite House •x cheque for 4,166 dollars. M. Jules Leljgndy, the great Paris sugar reUner, has left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever made in France. "His wealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs £14,400,000). How much of that euormous mm was extracted from the French taxpayer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. Signor Rota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria, which was organised in 1857 by Baron Nicotera and Count Pisacc-Mie in the 'i (,f overthrowing tho Bourbun (iovornestablished at Naples. Baron Xioolera, •ii..- Mim-ter of the Interior in the Ixst Gov. n.o.v.-ut, ,vas present at the patriot's bedside. [ Some ingenious contrivances are used bv j thieves. The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, but is so ananged that, by ' pressing si spring at the handle, the ferrule a ill spread ,apari, and form a sort of spring clip that will take hold of anything that- is within preach. The thing is called " the Continental lifting stick,"and is used to take ! goods froifi behind counters when the shopman's back is turned. As mosb people are aware, the barometer exhibits daily variations. In the tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day may be ascertained from the height of the mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two maxima, occurring from 9 toll a.m. and from 9 to 11 p m;, the two minima being timed from 3 to 5 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m But, after examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum and one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar continents there are also .-i. single maximum and minimum, though these occur at different times of the day from the ocean 'maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of variations gives c, variation like that ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening copper." A GLACIER THAT MOVES 47FEETA YEAR.— A glacier has beeu found in Southern California, of which there has been a tradition for many years. The Los Angeles Herald sent an expedition to investigate, and the tradition was verified, for upon the upper levels of Grayback Mountain, the greatest of. the San Bernardino range, a glacier one mile long and on the average 200 feet iu depth was found. The icy mass, according to computations made, moves downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value. It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £8,000. The cup derives most of its interest and value from the fact that it was given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards into the possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VI. to James II., who gave it, in 1605, to Don Juan Selasco, Constable of Castile. All hopes of recovering Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, which, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht is sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The new dining-room which the Queen has had built at Osborue cost £20,000. This sum does not come from the nation but out of Her Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of his elder brothers, Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to enter .the British Army. The princes are lUi'Wio;' of the cheeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meer, being fine, n.anly, and true types of Englishmen One of the most curious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occurs in many places. It is a natural barometer.Rnd actually foretells probable changes in the weather. It is called seinakuir, and turns black shortiy before an approaching rain, while in fine weather it is mottled with spots of white. It in said that gas-light was first, exhibited as a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Boston, in 1815. In 1915 there were 180 lamp: in the Lown, and in 1880 it had 10,139 gas and 2,276 oil lamps. Electric lighting is now taking.the place of gas in many locali ties iii the city. Boston is now lighted by 1,447 electric lights, S,U07 gas, and 2,878 of other descriptions. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off, and, not being able to raise the £500 (Turkish) demanded as their ransom, the family have been massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated taswa of black glass, enamelled in various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be more than eight hundred years old ; and it is assumed that this very piece ol glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a strict inquiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure paniters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape pain ting,-«atrThat, w ith one or tw o exceptions, the great landscape painters have always been able to paint figures extremely well.—isptaker. Scientists have estimated that everv year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the'entire surface of all oceans and other waters is taken up with the atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to fall as rain aud again flow back into the sea. The Empress of Austria is the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls, which are considered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de Rothschild's collar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valued at. £40,000. The most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one which the French traveller, M. Tovernier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of tlie rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,000fr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats ; it is quite transparent, and is valued at l,000.0tK!;r. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Inssupoff, and which is famous for its unique colour. In the year 1620 this pearl was sold by Georgibus from Calais to Philip IV. of Spain for 80,000 ducats ; its value is now considered l,125,000fr. Pope Leo XIII. has a pearl which is valued at 5tM),000tr. ; and the Empress Frederick's collier of thirty-two pearls is valued at 87o,OOOfr. • THE VALUE OF TEA.—The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Burker, has given the members the result of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial value of black -tea is directly proportioned to tlie amount of theine it contains ; but in the case of green tea, he says the commercial value must be estimated'by the quantity of of tannin. One would have thought that, from the point of view of the connoisseur of tea, those samples which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred.— Eiujlkh Mechanic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20,000 acres to his shooting preserves, has now 125 square miles of land reserved^for sport. There is this difference, at least, between a politician and a statesman. "A statesman '' is the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the head of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with " Mr. Speaker." " A politician " is his defeated opponent. A man who hires another at 20s. a week to de work which brings in only 21s. a week is a philanthropist. But if he hires 2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week and becomes " a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. An engine-driver say. t men in his busine:-* can always ji'•• i he eondil ion of rh.-ii engines by i: • i' ::ive* out while running. Ever-. i_.ne, whether stationary or locomotive, has a particular tone of its own. The engineer "becomes accustomed to that, and any departure fr<fn it at once exciles a suspicion that all ubt right. The engineer may not know ^vhatas the matter, he may have no ear for :uusic, but the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, and will start hiin on an immediate investigation. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made abja a prison near Berlin. t The largest artificial stone in the world forms the base of the Bartholdi Statue of Liberty on Bedloe's Island, New York Harbour. This immense stone was made from broken trap rock, sand, and American cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 20,000 barrels of cement were used in manufacturing the monster. f. Amongst the members of the preset House ot Commons are 55 merchants, 157 manufacturers, 18 brewers and distillers medical men, and 53 Army and Naval officers Those who can be rightly termed land owners number about SO. A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 530 lemons in two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious condition. Quite a craze—and a very interesting''one —has comeover the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all.,their energies to the creation of new flcrwervind the acclimatisation of such as hav& before been cultivated in France. Among the latter is a flower from Central America (as yet unamed in France) which changesits colour three times a day. It is white in the morning, gets pink at noon, and,turps a lovely blue when the sun is setting. // 