PRETTY DAFFODIL'S PINKERTON LOVER, OR BLACK DONALDS REVENGE. A ROMANCE OF THE STRIKE AT HOMESTEAD. CHAPTER XXXIII. (continued). BY EMMA GARRISON JONES. What the Pinkerton lacked in strength and muscle he made up in a measure in clever foresight and adroit man[?]uvereing, and for some minutes he managed to hold bit own. Then tho you »g striker’* herculean ■treogih began to toll, while the Pinker ton showed signs of weakening. His limbi relaxed, he struck out ; blindly and at random, and at last sunk vbjdplessly to hi< knees with Black Donald's iron grip on his throat. “Got enough, have you f* said the latter, coolly. “Keep quiet then and answer ray questions. What hafre you dona with Diff>dU Lomax?” “ Married her. She's my wife 1 ” gasped tho Pinkerton. “ You lie. She refused to marry you and sought the protection of her friends, and you followed her and carried her oil' again. I know the whole slpry, you see. Now, what have you done with the girl ? Where is shot Speak, quick, or I’ll not leave breath in your body." “ Let me up first." " No, I’ll not let you up.” “ Then I shall not speak.” “ Yes, you will speak, I saytell me what you’ve done with Daffodil Lomax." As he spoke the young strike leader gave the prostrate man a shake that, made every bone in his body quako and shake, and loft him qnito breathless for; the moment. “ She’s dead !" he gasped at last. “ Yon lie f ’’ thundered Donald; “ she’s not dead. Toll me what you’ve done with her." “ She’s dead, I tell you. She ran away and was drowned in the river. Let me up, and PH prove to you that I’m telling the truth." A spasm of awfu 1 agony shot like a knife through Donald Bayne’s heart, and bis dark face paled to an ashen grey: Slowly and almost unconsciously he re laxed his hold .on the Pinkerton’s throat, and the latter, after a few ineffectual attempts, staggered to his feet. “Read that," ho gasped, pulling the crumpled Inlf of the Morning Despatch from his pocket. Donald, watching his rival in the fheantime, took the half-sheer, smoothed it out, and by the light of the bull's-eye lantern took in the meaning of the staring, black headlines : “ POUND DBOWNED. The body of Daffodil Lonux, daugh ter of Dan Lomax, the famous Home stead striker, was found at tho foot of tho lower bridge this morning." Donald Bayne could not have read another syllable if his life had depended . on it A strange, buzzing sound filled his ears, a fiery mist swam before his eyes, the paper flattered from his .grasp, and for an instant he reeled uncertainly like one on the verge of unconsciousness. The Pinkerton, watching him intently, made a cautious movement toward the door. “No, you don’t!” thundered Donald, recovering himself iustanfcan<;ou>ly. “ You’ve murdered your innocent victim, and your worthless liie shall pay. (he forfeit!" Leaping forward as he spoke he seized hold of the terrified Pinkerton, who realised too late whit, a terrible mis'alee be had made, and crush’ and him down with the strength of a giant, caught up the re volver which lay at hand and pressed the muzzle against his temple. “ Now, you murderer, prepare to die !’’ he cried in a terrible voice. “ I swore to take vengeance on you months ago, and I’ll make good my oath. Hold your tongue, I won’t hear a word. No pow.*r ( on ektth can save your life. You’ve mur dered tier, my poor, pretty little Daffodil, you deceived and lied. so her and drove her to bsr untimely death, if you didn’t take her life with your own hand*.. The Jsw would hang you if your crime was made public, but 1 don’t intend to wait for the law, I’ll take my vengeance at once, Pll not even give you time to say your prayers, you shall die, die! die like the cowardly cur you are;” The Pinkerton, white, speechless, quak ing in every limb with abjeqt terror, real ising that bis time had come, made not the slightest effort at resistance. Booh in effort would have be -n futile, to say the leasts for the young striker seemed to be possessed of sup-ir-human strength. I Crushing his quivering vicim down to j the very earth, be planted one knee upon his prostrate body, and held, the revolver at his head. “You shall die, you coward, you mur derer I" he hijsed through his shut teeth; “you didn't spare for in her innocence and beauty, neither will I spare yon," The, cold steel of . the revolver, held firmly in Black Donald’s hand, cut dacp into the Pinkerton’s temple. A single movement of thejsteady finger that, pressed the trigger, and a . bullet would have gone crashing through the / Dutrson|6?ipng over and above bis own ’ Will ateyediDbnald Bayne’s hand. pretty feurdertd sweetheart’s cruel wrongs jclamdripg in’his ears, the strong man hesitated, ana unconsciously his lips gave V nttcrßtrcs£|&> the old Bible command before, when he knelt, a liHjg his. mother’s knees : “TEuSnshalt do no murder," At the same moment, in the dead silence of the room, broken only Jby the hoarse breathing of the prostrate roan at his feet, a strange sound came (o bis ear, hunt ani far away, hko music from heaven. The young striker stood listening, his knee pressing heavily on the Pinkerton's breast, his finger on the trigger of the te volver. />■: The strange, sweet sound did not but swelled higher and clearer, till his ear caught the familiar- words : “I need thy presence every passing hour. ’■ ..V- -. ■ Wbat but thy gcaoe can foil £he tempter’s power ■ > Who, like thyself, my guide and stay can be! Through cloud and sunshine, Lord abide with me,” Was it the voir© of his dead mother I Times without number, sitting at twi light hour beside his little bed, be bad heard her lips, now silent in the vgrav>*, breathe forth in accents sweet and - tender those self- same words. Had she come down from.her heavenly home to save the sen she idoliz’d from staining his soul with the crime of mur dert | The young man stood irresolute, and I again in his ears sounded the old Bible command, “ Thou shalfe do no murder and following in swift succession! another fanulwr saying, “Vengeance is mine, aaUh the Lord, I will repty." fhe young stnkij-1 eider's iron nerves quivered, and the color faded from bis dark f*cj. “ It is oty mother’s voice,” ho said to himself. “She told mo when she died that her spirit would come back and be my guardian ang l j she is speaking to mo now. I b m’c do it I can’t stain my hands with blood, not- oven' for poor little Daffodil’s sake. My revenge must go,” W ith the unspoken words on his Ups, and. that faint far- away sound in his eaw, he threw tho revolver across the room, a id removed his knee from tm Pinker ton’s breist. Go!” ha said as the astonished man scrambled to his fee* ; “ I can’t take your life, { leave you in the bands of Almighty G >d, and may Ho deal with you as you’re done by that poor, innocent child.” Awe-stricken, bewildered, scarcely con scious of what he was doing, pretty Daff-i-. dil’s lover scrambled to his foot, and made his way out of the room, and down the 1 stairs, never daring to look back. Mean while, D nali Bay.jo stood breathless, straining his ears to catch the faint, sweet sound which had seemed, to bis ovor wrought fancy, his dead mother’s voice, but something else, even more startling and unexpoced, came to bis oars. A woman’s cry for help. “ Help, help, for God's sake !” The young man listened iu wondering silence, until the entreating cry was re posted, and then it dawned on him that it was a human cry, from some poor soul in distress. No such cry ever fell un heeded on his ears. Despite his terrible f grievances, with the crumpled half of the morning paper, announcing the untimely .end of the girl he held dealer than his own life, clutched in his hand, he stood ready to respond, “ All right, where are you ?” \- The trumpet tones made the silent old house'ring and reverberate from bavement to attic, and reached Lettie- Leith’s ears, os she sat on the damp floor of the under ground prison with her dying lover’s head on a voice from Heaven. thank God ! Jack, crying 1 Hero we are, miles saddles p, help, help !” Ktanald |&ya;&Iw;[toned to the piteous bated linjith and hashed heait thrcta& Offald tliejvoice be Daffodil's 1 HWiQgtrfc'UpT™ lantern, and arming thrown aside whpn hVfletierrpHiod after all to give Up his revenge rather than stain his soul with murder, started forward on a tour of discovery. To locate the voice that begged so pite ously for help, to find the b|ack damp vault from which it ascended, was a diffi cult task, but the young strike-leader was not a man to tarn aside because of obstacles in his way, so ho accomplished it at last. “ Help, help, for the love of ho iven 1” The cry sounded at his very feet, and an awful sight met his gaze—Lettie Leith, white as a ghost, sitting on the reeking floor with a dead man’s bead on her bosom ! 