ANGLO-COLONUL GOSSIP. [From our own Correspondent.] London. Julv 28. Sir John Bray haa advised the Colonial Office to wait for the mail version of the Ministerial propoeal in reference to the Governorship. The Asrent-Genei-al takes the view that all Mr. Kingston means is that Chief Justice Way shall till up the time of Lord Kintore's remaining term of office, and then that things shall proceed in the usual constitutional way. I hear that Dr. Anderson, of Trinidad, is over here again — he who fought so fiercely Sir John Gorrie — backed with funds to carry on an agitation for the appointment of a Parlia mentary Committee to enquire into the work ing of the Colonial Office. A writer in Vanity Fair says : — 'I am sold that at Lady Tryon'a party, given on the even ing of the fatal collision between the Victoria and the Camperdown, a well-known lady saw the figure of Sir George Tryon on the stairs, and watched it pass down into the refresh ment-room. Lady ? was surprised, and, coming across a friend told her what she had seen, adding, ' I must so and tell Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all : and I mwst find Sir George to speak to him.1 Upon thia the stcond lady, who ia also well known in society, said, ' Do not say anything to Lady Tryon. I saw Sir George, too ; and I spoke to har, and she seemed annoyed. She says that Sir George is not here. He is with his ship.' We are bound to Bay this haa rather a familiar look. We know that ghost on she stairs.' Over 300 Fellows were elected this week to the Imperial Institute. During the last fort jaizhk there have been 111,067 visitors to th9 Imperial Institute, and of this number 34,895 were free admissions. The number of British emigrants who went to the United States and Australia during Jane amounted to 14,221 and 770, as ajjainsc 15,006 and !)8G during the previous June, while the number who went to Canada is returned at 3,201, and compares with 2,601 so returned last year. Captain Angel haa a big new thing on hand, but be is not too hopeful. He is thinking of chartering the Torrens, and taking her, if he can geb a suitable number of passengers, for a pleasure trip round the South American coast. Mr. Leslie White, who ia not unknown in Adelaide, is here from Chicago. He reports indifferently of the great Exhibition as a finan cial success, but gays that admittedly it is 'the greatest Show on earth.' Mr. J. G. Kihlman has arrived, and is bu*-y looking up members of the South Australian colony in London. Mr. Jude, wife, and family are off to the Continent for a month, before returning home by way of Japan. Mr. J. Ware, the Adelaide brewer, who has been much about with tha cricketers, goes with Mr. Jude and party to the Continent. Mr. Ware had a bis of a duck ing the other day, when he and Mr. Coning ham jumped overboard up the Thames to save a stoker from a steamlaunch who was drown ing. Mr. Ware assures me that the poor fellow was nearly done for when he wad rescued. A sad fatality occurred at South ampton one day this week. John McCole, a prosperous New Zealand farmer, had sold his holding at the Antipodes and was proceeding to the United States, where he intended finishing hia days with his only sister. A short time, however, before his going on board the American liner Berlin ha was found in an exhausted state &t; his hotel, and died from syncope within a few hours. Mr. John Rus3ell Rogers, the Theatrical Manager, has filed a divorce petition icaiast his wife, known as 'Minnie Palmer,' of ' My Sweetheart' fame. The co-respondent, who is a wealthy Baronet and will not again see fifty, will aave to pay £10,000 damages if Mr. Rogers gats all he claims. The alleged misconduct is stated to have occurred at Hull at a house in Pall Mall- place, and at an hotel at Nottingham. Mr. Guy Boothby writes that he is down at Salisbury still, with his Secretary, up to his eyes in work on his book, which, if finished, will see the light early in the autumn publishing season. He is not At liberty, he says, to reveal the name of the work. Mr. Boothby says he has made arrangements to speak before the British Association at Nottingham during their annual conference on September 14, and before the Anthropological Society a day or two later, also before the Geographical Society at the commencement of their next session. Mr. Boothby further writes that his new farctocd comedy has just been accepted by one of the bigpe?c Mmiagera in London, who pro poses to bring 16 out in September. The English people, he further says, have really beea most kind, and, thanks to the enterprise of his agents, he has disposed of all his literary wares. Messrs. Macmillan have purchased two stories from hia pen, as also has Sir Douglas Straight, of the Fall Mall Magazine, while the American publishers are beginning to nibble. Henry Irving, Mr. Boo*hbv con clude*, haa written him a charming letter, and he haa had so many letters from 'my friend' Kudyard Kipling that Mr. Boothby is think ing of running across to see him at the end of the year. Mr. J. T. Turnbull is now trying electric baths for his health, and 13 off to Scotland as soon as the doctors let him ont of their hand*. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Rymill snd family, who have been staying at the Grand Hotel since their arrival, have now gone to Bailey's Hotel at Kensington. They intend to visit Scotland. Mr. Mewburn, tbe London Manager of the Union Bank of Australia, says thaS throughout the whole crisis they have never been in so strong a position aa they are today. Their gold reserve in Australia is £4,900,000, and all their recent cables show that their incomings exceed outgoings. In fact Mr. Mewburn is '?perfectly satisfied' with the position of the Bank. Bishop Kennion and Mrs. Kennion are still visiting friends and relatives. The Bishop says he is in no hurry to make a selection for St. Peter's College. Sir John Bray and family go for thoir summer holiday to North Wales. Sir Edwin and Lady Smith are touring through Rhineland. When last heard of they were at Bonn, in good health, and intended doing the tour thoroughly. Mr. and airs. Leonard Harrold have been staying for some time past at Folkestone. The Anglo- Australian Assets Company has been registered with a capital of £105,000 in £10 shares. The first Directors are : — Messrs. V. Morgan, H. White, H. Rainloch, H. Wil kinson, and D. J. Mackay. Mr. R. S. Smythe, the much-travelled, is now staying with the Rev. Charles Clark in his Devonshire home, Mr. Smythe is trying hard to get a big gun. He haa asked John Burns, the Rev. Stopford Brook, and others, bat he ha3 not received a definite promise from any cne yet. If Mrs. Besant, on theosophy bent, is going: to Australia after her visit to Chicago is will be a good thing for both parties. Mr. C. Abraham Scots Watson has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Colonial Insti tute. The boxing kangaroo has had a bit of an adventure, and in consequence of it ia eating off his head at the goods department of the Railway Company. It appears that the kangaroo has been on a tour through the French provinces, where he ao knocked his human antagonist about than that gentleman retired disgu-sted. He therefore went off for a holiday to the seaside, where he might recrn:t, having first of all packed up the kangaroo in a cage addressed to himself at Paris. Tbe Railway Company, however, re fused to deliver tbe kangaroo without tht personal eignature of tbe owner, and there fore he has to be kept until his returp. Mr. Michael Davitfi is likely to embark for Australia before long, as the chief figure in a tour on behalf of the NationaiiBt cause. The Sawmilleks' Banner. — Now ia the appointed time for the Trade Societies to un furl their flags that all may 6ee the emblems of their trades. On Tuesday evening the United Sawmills and Timber Yards' Em ployes unfolded their new banner, whiih has been painted lor them by Mr. K. H. March. It is a tine uiece of work, and should attrtuct attention even among tho many beautiful banners which will wave in the breeze on Sep tember 1. It is well painted and nicely finished. Mounted on maroon silk the paint ing ha3 a ground of blue, while most of tb-e ornamentation is done in gold and other suitable tints, and a rich gold frinse sets it oil. Across the top and bottom written in a scroll is the name of the Society. The centre pitca of one side 13 a repre sentation of a modern sawmill, with the employes busily engaged plying their voca tion. Underneath is printed the motto ' United to protect, not combined to in jure.' On the right side of this is depicted ??. man working a moulding machine, and on the other side is painted a band-saw at work. The reverse side of the banner illustrates the progress of civilization and the advance of machinery. In the centre is a picture of the old order of things — the cutting of huge logs in the forest into timber by means of a pit-saw; and to show tbe difference of the machinery of the present day a circular saw is worked into the border. This side of the fiag also contains the name of the Societv. 