THE WOMAN IN BLACK. "iV.'tVclling recently from Chicago to New £ork, I found in the morning, upon crawl ing out of my berth, that the train was stand ing stockstill. The po'rler told me it had been standing tlnis for an hour and a half while I had been sleeping the sleep of tho just. IdreasSci and peeped out, and saw that '.vc Were alougside tho platform of a "CiAiVi'try station. I took a good breakfast iu ? the dining-car,and then wentout to stroll up .and down the platform. In the cab sat the engineer alone, waiting. I stopped and gossiped with him a moment atiuut the engine. Then I offered him a cigar, which ho took with thanks, and asked me to come in. I by,"Jtig myself into his cab. The engineer-a bright, pleasant-faced man about forty years old--explained to me. the Uses of the numerous valves and levers fthout him. They were all as bright and shining as polish could make them, for an engineer is as proud of his engine as any housewife is of the neatness of her dwelling. I glanced at tho two shining steam gauges with the clock between them, and then I noticed what seemed to be ati ordinary white itYOth, mounted in a gilt frame, hanging against the wall of tho cab. 'Is that for ornament ?' I asked, pointing at the moth. The engineer smiled. ' Well, partly for ornament,' he Said, ' but a good deal more for Sentiment. I put that moth there because it saved my life and the live3 of two hundred and fifty people as wall.' 'How in the world could n*. inseib save human lives V I a^ked. ' Well, I'll tell you.-, it you want to hear the story. J. reckon there's time enough be fore w© able to get out of this.' I settled myself in the absent fireman's seat alid prepared to listen. ' It wasn't such a long time ago,' 'said the engineer; 'only a year ago last spring. ?! was running this very train., had this very engine--old 449. iiremnn was Jim Mcmo-samu feitaW I've got now. You can *ee him sV'e'r there, loaning up against the t<sl®fi£&"ph office. l.)im's a good boy, but ha, is very super stitious; believes in ghosts, dreams, and warnings. I used to laugh at his fancies, but I don't make so much fun of him as I did-not since wo saw the Woman iti Black.' ' We were scheduled to leave M--about one o'clock in the morning, and to arrive in S at about sii. On the night when the thing took place a fearful storm of wind and rain had been raging since early evening,and was as the height of its fury when I started from the roundhouse. ' It was about midnight and the wind seemed to sweep clear around and through the building. It was terribly di^mfil. 'i iiii was th.&re;, and the engine , <-As ai'feady, so, nicer getting my fro'i^dh'g clothes on, I ran the engine to the station. Our train, th'o Nresti'iiuie Limited, was an hour late. I £iive the engine a through oiling, and mad(j sure that all was in good order. ' As we sat in the cab we could hear the storm raging outside, while the rai». 'iti'ven by the gusts of wind, beat fiervreij- against the windows.' '' It's Roin' to be a. bad run, Frank,' Jim said. ' I wisJt We were in S safe and sound.' I laughed. ' What makes you ao terribly glum, Jim?'I asked. ' Oh,' said he,' T juat feel creepy somehow. Seems like thero's something terrible going to happen. I cau feel it in my bones.' I laughed again. 'You got a little wet coming over, I guess Jim,' said I. 'And the sound of the wind isn't very eucouraging, that's a fact.' To tell the truth, I was a little netvotts toy- i self, notwithstanding my easy 'treating Jim's notions. 'Presently out tit,? n t'sme in, longand heavy, consisting raiuuiy of sleepers. It used to make Vile nervous to know that the lives of hundreds of my fellow men were in my keep ing, but now I think nothing of it. That night I was nervous. What if the frightful storm had made a switchman careless, or if a rail had been loosened, by the settling of the track somewhere 1 On these fast trains A ftiah must rely on. che vigilance of tfeo employes; for in order to make schedule time he must run at such a speed that often he cannot see . a signal before he is upon it. j ' But £ IfcAiglied at myself for my fears as I | backed 'down and coupled on to the train. I | se'fc the brakes and found everything in good I order. ' By-and by the little gong above my htSfc'd clanged sharply, and with a pufi £h\i hiss of escaping steam wo were 'oft' into tho night and storm, rattling oYer switches, past signarl lights, and between long lines «f caw, till, with a rosr and rumble, we rushed over a long iron bridge and away through tho hills, waking their slumbering echoes with our shrill whistle. 'Then T pulled the throttle 'open, and the clank and roar eooft se'ttled into a hum, for old 449 was ttoing her best, and we wore making fifty miles an hour. ' The darkness was intense, savo where the headlight, au electrie device, cast its funnel of fight into the gloom. Jim had a big fire snd kept steam up to a high pressure, so that we fairly flew past sleeping hamlets hnd still farm-houses. At our first ?watering station I made sure that all was wording smoothly, while Jim inspected thfi lieadlight. "The _ opftratot handed o';.c the orders, which shoHVe'eL that the r"jad was clear as far-as'oVYrtiextstopping P.ace. On we went-. ' The dnrkivc3"s grew more intense, if p03 ! si'olev v.-feiic the wind shrieked by. The rain ! be ram e more blinding, till nothing could be ' distinguished in the grey murk which en veloped us. ' Suddenly through the mist and rain I saw looming right before us the gigantic figure of a woman wrapped in a long black mantle, which seemed to flutter in the wind. She waved great spectral arms about in swift, twisting movements. As I stood, looking in horror, the figure vanished with a final wavo of her arms. ' I was too intoch'astonished and stupefied even to mako a movement of my hand towards the throttle. At that moment Jim had been bonding over the fire. As he looked up he ex,<J:iiinca 'Halloa, Frank, what s up 1 You look as though yau had seen a ghost ?' ' I did not answer. My mind was too full of the strange figure I had seen. ' We were now nearing Rock Creek, where there is a trestle over a deep stream. I felt tnore nervous than ever. We dashed around the curve and whizzed by Rock Creek station, which is only a mile from the trestle. As we passed I glanced at the steam gauge for an instant. A cry from Jim caused me to turn quickly towards him. He sat rigid, his eyes large and staring, his jaw dropped, the very picture of terror. He pointed with a shaking finger out into the darkness. I turned and looked, and then I began to shake myself. There on the track was the same hideous figure of a woman, outlined on the background of light from the engine, uoiv motionless, now whirling in a witch dance, but all the time motioning us bask. '' Frank,' gasped Jim, but scarcely above a .whisper, ' don't go over that trestle ! Don't go, for heaven's sake ! Don't go till you're sure it's safe !' 11 suppose I was pretty badly scared. At any rate, I put on the air-brake for all I was worth. I couldn't have resisted the impulse to stop the train. ' As we came to a stop I could hoar the roar of the water in Rosk Creek right ahead, r I stepped out of the cab and met the con. j ductor eoming up. . ! .; j '' What's the matter? What's the matter?' he asked, impatiently. lI felt decidedly foalish. There was no fgigantie woman to bo seen now. Nothing could be'made out more than a few feet away in the blinding storm. '' Well,' said I, . We've seen something. I don't know what it is-seemed like it was a great black ghost that was waving its arms and warning us not to go forward.' 'The conductor looked at me curiously. ' Are you crazy, Frank V he said. ' I should think you were. But we're so near the trestle we'll take a look at it.' ' We took our lanterns and went ahead, leaving Jim with the engine; he looked scared all over. But I tell you we hadn't gone five rods befr-ro wc stoppod in horror. ' There at our feet lay a black chasm, filled with the roar of the river, as, swollen with the spring rains, it dashed down towards the lake. The bridge was washed away ! ' Only a fe\y splinters of wood and twisted iron clung to the abutment, while now, far out over the blackness, that awful black figure of a woman danced again on the thin afr, relieved ay.iinst the shaft of light that ; the headlight threw. ' It was flinging its arms about as if in wild glee.' The conductor stared at the chasm and then at me. '1 Was that the thing you saw when you stopped the train V he asked. 1 ' Yes.' ' ' Well, it's something iltore than luck that saved us to-ni«ht, Frank.' ' We went back slowly to the train; feeling very queer and thankful, too, I can assure you. Several of the passengers hud come running forward by this timo. Among them was a young follow from Chicago,, about eighteen years old, who was smarter than the whole of us, as it turned out. ' When this boy saw the Woman in Black, he turned and looked at the locombtive head light. Then ho ran up towards it. Hooked at it as ho did so, and I saw a peculiar spot on the glass. '' There's your Woman in Black!' said the Chicago boy. ' And there it was, sure enough - that same moth miller that you s'ee there in the fraViie. tie Was clinging to the inside'of the glass. As I tapped on the glass the creature flew back and lighted on the reflector. 'That's the whole story, sir. The moth, by fluttering on the glass just in front of the electric illuminator, had produced a great ! black shadow, like that of a cloaked woman, on the darkness in front of us, and whenhs flopped his wings in his vain attenipt to sail out through tho glass, he gave his mysterious shadow the look of waving the arms wildly. ' Then when he flew back out of the direct shine of the light, the figure disappeared, of course. :' We never knew just how he got in there, but no doubt it happened when "Jim went to fix the light at the pumping station. 'Anyhow, he saved our lives by scaring us with that Woman in Black. ' So you see why I keep the moth in the frame. It's to remind me of the way we were saved that night. Yes, you may well call it accidental, but I call it providential.' ' All aboard !' called the conductor of the limited, roming out of the telegraph office with a paper in his hand. Jim the fireman tt»n and jumped into the cab as I stepped down to go back to my car. 