MILLBANK IN THE SPRING. (BY M. Camebok.) Miilbank estate consists of some miles square of the most beautifully undulating country to be found between Wagga and Temora, and a drive of something like 20 miles over green knollB and sloping uplands, level meads and grassy glades, in the sweet spring season of the year is a pleasure to be remembered by one newly arrived from the dusty and smoke be* grimed city. Starting north from Junee, and driving some distance through epleudid grazing territory, where the bleached trunks of long since ringbarked trees show silver white against the delicate green of the waving grasses, we gradually ascended to the highest point of a lofty rounded hill clothed to the Bumrnit with a coat of the finest verdure, and crowned with boary granite bauldets. Here we obtained a magnificent panoramic view of a series of cultivated farms which almost encircle the base of the mount upon which we stood, the d&Tk; green stretches of wheat just coming into ear, alternating with the belts of light timber, as yet uncleared from the uplands, The harmonious scene is like a gigantic outspread carpet patterned in varying Bhades of emerald and olive green, stretching away to a carved line of blue at the bOrieon. The iftect of this natural picture is charming in detail, and soft in outline. In the near distance we ea ch glimpses of the cottage houses of the tenant farmers dotted about amongst the fields. Ihe cool morning breeze blowing across the wide expanse of undulations below our vantage ground, skims over the surface of the silken grasses at our feet, causing shimmering, wavy lines like ripples on a suniit sea. V<.ry beautiful is the tasselled grass waviog in the wind, lovely the sapphire sky above, ia which masseg of white cumuli slowly move athwart the face Of the sun like stately ships at sea j and enchanting is tbe picture lying before us as the cloud shadows moving elowiy across the expanse give to the growing wheat a deeper, darker green> and then departing leave a golden glory behind. Even the grey granite boulders on the summit of the hill help to make the picture more perfect, so akin do they seem to their surroundings Everything in the scene appeals to our sympathies ; it is~ 1 " A from canning glen hsrmonv and height. ol words and music caught And lucid colors born of woodland light." We proceed to an adjoining eminence, Hurrajong Hill, so named from the fact of several fin, Kurrajong trees growiDg on its crown, one especially large spedmeb of this handsome evergreen standing proudly on its summit, and in the heat of summer yielding » gracious shade to the cattle grazing arcund. From this point we obtained an equally lovely view of the fine prospect, and miles away, through the openings amongst the trees, we could discern Millbsnk homestead. Facing this view, we gain an idea of the extent of this fine estate, for it stretches several miles in every direction from where we stand. Lookiog away to the right we find that its boundary adjoins that of its owner's other splendid property known as Clear Hills, which is some 13 miles distant, and beyond that point we see the Bethungra hills outlined in purplish blue agains the sky. Turning to the left, fields of green 4 crops alternate with wooded ridges, until lost in the distance, while away beyond we can distinctly trace the outlines of the Hanging Bock many miles beyond Wagga Wagga, in the direction of Albnry. Contained within the boundaries of Millbsnk Estate are considerably more than a score of farms, all of which are laid down in wheat, and the territory comprises also some splendid grazing areas, aB yet undespoiled of the light sprinkling of box trees scattered over the green expanse. Many families have recently settled npon tbe lands, which have been leased out in large or small areas to snit the means of those occupying them, and when the whole of the estate is tenanted a considerable population will be maintained within its borders. Only four years ago this property was used for grazing purposes alone, a ring fence and one or two subdividing lines of wire being all the improvements made upon it, if we except the homestead buildings, yards, &c.; When the estate changed hands the present proprietor (Mr. Patrick HefEerman) determined to experiment in wheat culture, and immediately some hundreds of acres in the vicinity of the homestead were cleared and laid under wheat with such success that the following year saw the area doubly increased. Seeing the facilities for clearing the land, owing to the sparaeness of the timber upon it, and also the easy access to market, as tbe laud is situated close to both the main Southern and the South-Western lines of railway, applications came in to the manager of Miilbank (Mr. C. L. Bourke) for leaseholds, selectors in the back country preferring to let their land lie idle, while thsy with their families removed nearer tj civilisation These gladly availed themselves of the opportunity of settling upon tbe Mllibank estate, finding it more remuneraUv? to cultivate gi^n on | rented farm in close proximity to a railroad than on freehold at a long distance from it. Driving across the estate we passed along the margin of a fine level crop of wheat, just coming into ear. 1 his farm bad been leased the previous year to a gentleman, a scholarly man hailing from one of the Scottish universities, a widower, and a braw laddie over 6ft. in his Stockings. A small board house with iron roof in the centre of the farm was pointed out to me as his temporary residence. Stopping at the open door of a small but neat Cottage occupied by another tenant farmer, we were cordially invited to alight and partake of tbe customary bush hospitality, "a cup of tea." We found the farmer and his wife to be quite a young couple, not very loDg wedded, and upon admiring the pretty tea aervioe were bluBhiagly informed that it waB a wedding present, as were most of the nick nacks around the room. It was their first year upon the land, and, " Of course," said the young wif confidingly, " I cannot expect to have everything nice yet awhile, it takes a long time to make a home comfortable in the bush, but I must have a fljwer garden next year." And I heartily re-echoed the little woman's wish, and trust that she will have a happy home for many years to Come. During our pleasant and interesting drive we passed through the leasehold of a couple of young men who togethef bad undertaken to cultivate the land and otherwise imprdfe it, and found them engaged in the work of scooping out a dam for the purpose of conserving water for their f»rm stock, A team of bullocks were hitched tc. the iron scoop, and while " Jim" drove them, " Harry" held the adjustable wooden handles of the implement, which be manipulated so cleverly and ingeniously tbat it appeared to tbe uninitiated eye a mere circumstance to fill the scoop, steady it cut of the cavity, and with a dexterous hoist of the handles to jerk tbe load clean out on the embankment. Another firm not far from this was leased by fire brothers, aDd iointly worked (on cooperative principles I suppose) <tith much success, Nearing tbe homestead, we passed a superb field, many hundreds of acres in extent, which comprised a level sweep (where the high waving wheat looked like the bosom of a placid lake) and a beautiful sloping upland, upon which the sun's beams glittered, tinging the green with gold, Dotted over this field at rare intervals were pretty shade trees, which a tastefel manager had contrived to have spared from tbe woodman's axe wbea clearing was in progress. This splendid area, previously cultivated for tbe estate, was now leased out to a tenant who would doubtless realise a considerable profit from the fine crop now nearing the harvest time, Arriving at the hou.estead we found a roomy houf« with wide verandahs, over which westeria and passion vines clambered at their own sweet will, and roses blushed through tangled mazes of unkempt wildwood. Through the French casements, which opened on the verandah, we strolled in a garden, where the bordering* of rosemary were as high and dense aB ordinary hedges, and we sympathised deeply with a dear old-fashioned cabbage roBe tree that struggled into fragrant bloom amid the weeds and grasses which were choking it to death. Acacia trees bent nearly to the earth with their weight of creamy bloom, and blue and white flenr de lys held high their delicate heads above the rank herbage that almost smothered them. A stately aloe, which had reached maturity (and death at the same time), tottered to its fall, in close proximity to a fine almond tree loaded with its fruit. To stroll along the deserted paths of this once beautiful garden, amid the hedges of rosemary, was to me like walking in a cemetery, for every neglected flower within it was a childhood's friend, and it made my heart ache to see them struggling for dear life amongst the gluttonous weeds that were trying to crush them out of existence. It was easy to see that these were bachelor's quarters—no woman could have lived in sight of these suffering flowers without trying to help, them out of their miserable and forlorn plight— only a couple of rooms being occupied by the manager of the estate, the rest held the dim ghosts of former occupants, whose garments I fancied I heard rustling in the closed up chambers as the wind crept stealthily under the rattling Venetian shutters on the verandah. But a truce to ghostly reminiscences, which fled incontinently as the Chinese cook brought iu a substantial luncheon, after the discussion Of which our return drive was undertaken along a terra-colts, colored road that wound between forest giants, and rose and dipped with the uu dulations of the ground as we drove merrily along, cherishing pleasant thoughts of Miilbank iu the spring, 