IMPROVEMENTS TO\ ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CHURCH, GERALDTON. (From the Victorian Express.) The decoration of the East wall of the Catholic Church is now complete, and Gerald ton can boast of baying the finest piece of church decoration in YV. A. Indeed, we may say " the only" unurcn aecoranon. i ne wan nas neen divided into three spaces, in accordance with the views of the leading authorities on such matters. The upper partis grounded a warm buff. A Gothic arch forniB a centre, while on either side are figures of angels swinging censers with incense. A spandril ornament occupies the two upper corners, and serves to break up the harshness of outline so noticeable before, and adding to the ornament. On each of ithe spandrila are trefoils with emblems of the passion in gold upon them. Enclosed in the upper portion of the arch is the dove with gilded nimbus, on an azure ground /emblematic of the Holy. Ghost. On the broad band of the arcb is the incription : " We adore Thee and bless Thee 0 Lord." Beneath the figures and forming a base, from whioh the arch springs, are several lines in gold and , colors enclosing tablets . bsaring the Latin word " Sanctus " on each. The .principal feature of the whole is a large painting of the Crucifixion, three- quarter life size, the figure of our Saviour being foiur feet ini height. Mr. G. A. Green informs us that this is the largest figure study he has yet attempted. This painting is particularly effective at nigbt when the figure of Our Saviour stands boldly out from the background. Be low the picture is a tablet with the words: "Because by Thy Holy Cross Thou hast redeemed the world." On either side of the picture the wall spaces comprising the. central division, are painted with a most elaborate design, consisting of shields, alternately buff . and ibis red. On the buff shields a .conventional rose pattern is painted, while on the red, the sacred monogram surmounted with a crown, is finished in gold with black outline. The spaces between the shields are grounded a dull green, aindover the whole is on elabor ate diaper design in black. The entire design, though rich in color and elegant, is thoroughly ecclesiastic in character. The lower division of the . wall; has been painted a deep ibis red, this while affording a solid base for the /richly ornamented upper part, is at once the most effective background for the pure white of the altar aud statues. The work, has been done by Mr. G. A. Green, of Messrs. Keeley & Co., \- ' and Geraldton may well feel proud of having such an artist. We would advise all who wish to gain an idea of the genius of this painter to visit the church, and inspect the work upon which his skill has been exercised. 