THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — The aocount of the visit of Mr. Hartley to the schools of New South Wales is of special value at the present time, in view of the.8trenuous efforts that are being made to make the subject of Bible-reading in public schools a question for the coming elections in this province. In regard to the oft-repeated statements as to the extent and efficiency of the so-called religious teaching carried out in the sister oolonv it will ha riHfifnl tn review— First, what the expressed intentions of the New South Wales Education Department are in this direction ; secondly, how these inten tions are interpreted by the teachers; and, lastly, what benefit the people of this oolony would be likely to derive from the framing of similar regulations. It is shown in the first place that ' secular instruction shall be held to include religious teaching as dis tinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology.' En passant, the doctrines of the incarnation and vicarious atonement are dogmas, and the teaching of these either directly or by inference is a distinct infringe ment of suoh regulations. Nevertheless, these regulations further on provide, in defining the course of secular instruction, that children shall receive lessons on the Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles. If the teachers under the New South Wales Education Department are able to give lessons from these books of the Bible and at the same time avoid 'dogmatical theology' they are truly a most ingenious body of people, quite capable of solving the problem of performing the play of 'Hamlet' with Hamlet left out. How far they are successful is shown by some specimens of the lessons given in Mr. Hartley's presence; one by a young girl who, in a naive endeavor to steer clear of a reference to circumcision, tumbles - up againBt infant baptism; and another by a teacher who by an 'easy transition' passed from the Feast of Pentecost to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the apostles with a reference j to the gift of tongues, omitting, presumably, I to illustrate how easily such a gift may induce a 'bias,' as Herbert Spencer calls it, in favor of current theology. Mr. Hartley says he does not consider these lessons are religious. They are not religious, but they are dogmatic, and his experience proves the utter impossibility of giving oral lessons from the Bible — as it now stands — without teaching dogma at every step. . Under the head of special religious instruction 'clergymen or approved teachers' (not the ordinary school teachers) may give not more than one hour each day to this subject. A similar nrivilnim aimanv fi-srista in Snnfih AnH. tralia. But the Bible in schools league demands Bible reading in the schools by the ordinary teachers — a thing that is not allowed under the New * South Wales regulations. What this colony would gain then is merely this — the school course would include under the head of secular instruction the telling of stories from the Bible with the view not of inculcating a deeper religious feeling in the children — which feeling would rather be deadened by pert familiarities with the name of the Deity— but of relieving the so-called religious instructors of tbe burden of certain historical and geogra phical teaching which would appear to be anindispensable factor in theinoulcatsion of their special dogmas, but is certainly valueless in itself from an educational point of view. It therefore remains to be seen whether the public of South Australia will sanction an innovation that, while falsely arrogating to itself the title of religious instruction, merely seekB to play into the hands of the professional teachers of dogma, but which would, at the same time, kill what reverence for sacred snbjeots may at present exist in the minds of the children by pert references to the Deity, and dangerously prudish avoidances of physiological and sooial pruriencies that are alike unfitted for the notice of either the children or nineteen twentieths of the publio school teachers. — I am, &c;, ANTI-DOGMA. 