^Lhz gtorg-ldler* IN THE SEANCE ROOM. Br L. Galbbaith, Author o£ "The Case of Lady Lukes tan," and other Ghosti Stories. Dr. Valentine Burke sat alone by the fire. He had finished his rounds, and no patient had disturbed his post-prandial reflections. The house was very quiet, for the servants had gone to bed, and only the occasional rattle of a passing cab and the light patter of the rain on the window-panes broke the silence of the night. The cheerful glow of the tiie, and the soft light from the yellow- shaded lamp contrasted pleasantly with the dreary fog which filled the street outside. There were spirit decanters on the table, flanked by a eyphon and a box of choice cigars. Valentine Burke liked his creature comforts. The world and the flesh held full measure of attraction for him, but he did not oare about working for his menu* plaistrt. The ordinary routine of his profession bored him. That he might eventually succeed as a ladies' dootor was tolerably certain. For a young man with little influence and less money he was doing remarkably well: but Burke was ambitious, and he had a line of his own. He dabbled in psychics, and had written an article on the future of hypnotism, which bad attracted considerable attention. He was a Btrong magnetiser, and offered no objection to Benu-private exhibitions of his powers. In many drawing-rooms he was already regarded as the apostle of the coming revolution which is tp substitute disintegration of matter and cerebral precipitation for the present system of the parcels mail and telegraphic communication. In that section of society which interests itself in occultism Burke saw his way to making a big Buocess. Meanwhile, m man cannot live on adulation alone, the dootor had a living to get, and he had no intention whatever of gettmg it by the labour of his hands. He was an astute youDg man, who knew how to invest his capital to the bean advantage. His good looks were his capital,, and he Was about to invest thenn in a wealthy marriage. The fates had certainly been propitious when they brought Miss Elma Lang into the charmed circle of the Society for the Revival of Eastern Mysticism. Miss Lang was an orphan. She had full oontrol of her fortune of thirty thousand pounds. She was young, sufficiently pretty, and extremely susceptible. Burke saw his chance, and went for it to such ood purpose that before a month had passed fis engagement to the heiress was announced, and the wedding-aay within measurable distance. There were several other candidates for Miss Lang's band, but it soon became evident that the doctor was first favourite. The gentlemen who devoted themsslves to occultism for the most part despised physical attractions; their garments were fearfully and wonderfully made. They were careless as to the arrangement of their hair. Beside them Valentine Burke, handsome, well set-up, and admirably turned out, showed to the very greatest advantage. Elma Lang adored him. (She was never tired of admiring him.' She was lavish of pretty tokens of her regard. Her photographs, in costly frames, were scattered about bis room. Mid on his hand glittered the single stone diamond ring which had been her betrothal gift. He smiled pleasantly as he watched the firelight glinting from the many-coloured facets. "I have "been lucky," be said aloud; " I pulled that through very neatly. Just in time, too, for my credit would not stand another year. I ought to be all right now if"——. He broke oS abruptly, and the smile died away. " If it were not for that other unfortunate affair I What a fool—what a fool I was not to let that girl alone, and what a fool she was to trusj; me! Why oould she not have taken better caTe of herself? Why could not the old man have looked after her? He made row enough over •hutting the stable door when the horse was gone. It was cleverly managed though. I think pven ce cher papa exonerates me from assy participation Jj, her disappearance; and fate seems to be playing into my hand, too. The body turning up just now is a stroke of look.' I wonder who the poor devil really is ?',' He felt for his pocket-book, and took out a newspaper catting. If w*s headed in large type, ' Mysterious Disappearance of a Young lady.—'The body found yesterday by the police in Muddlesham Harbour is believed to be that of Miss Katharine Greaves, whose mysterious disappearance in January last created so great a sensation. It will be remembered that Miss Greaves, who was a daughter of a well-known physician at Templeford, Worcestershire^ had gone to Muddle- Bham on a visit to her married sister, from Whose house she suddenly disappeared. ...fiaMlita-jthe most strenuous efforts on the p*rt> of her distracted family, booked by tba -asnatanoe of »V.i. Jutuotives, her fate has up to the present remained enshrouded in mystery. On the recovery of the body yesterday the Mnddlesham police at onoe oommunioated with the relations of Miss Greaves, by whom the clothing was identified. It is now supposed that the unhappy girl threw herself into the harbour during a fit of tern, porary insanity, resulting, it is believed, from aa unfortunate love affair." Valentine Bnrke read the paragraph through oarefully, and rsplaoed it in the pooket-book with a cynical smile. " How exquisitely credulous are the polioe, aqd the relatives, and the noble British public. Poor Kitty is praotically dead to the world. What a pity" He hesitated, and stared into the biasing ooals. " It would save eo orach trouble," he went cm after a pause, "and I hate troubje." His finders were playing absently with a letter from which he had taken the slip of printed paper—an untidy letter, blotted and smeared, and hastily written on poor, thin paper. He looked at it once or twice and towed it into the fire. The note-sheet shrivelled and curled over, dropping on to the hearth, where it lay smouldering. A hot cinder had fallen oat of the grate, and the dootor, stretching out his foot, kicked the letter closer to the live ooaL Little red sparks crept like glowworms along the scorched edges, flickered and died out. The paper would not ignite; it was damp—damp with a woman's tears. ' I was a fool," he murmured, with conviction. "It was not good enough, and it might have ruined me." He turned to the spiritstand and replenished bis glass, measuring the brandy carefully. "I dont know that X am out of the wood yet," lie went ob, aa he filled up the tumbler with sodawater. " The money is running short, and women are ao inconsiderate. If Kitty were to take it into her head to turn np here it would be the" The sentence remained unfinished, cut short by a sound from below. Some one had rung the night-belL Burke set down the glass and bent forward, listening intently. The ring, timid, almost deprecating, was utterly unlike the usual imperative summons for medical aid. Following immediately on his outspoken thoughts it created an uncomfortable impression of coming danger. He felt certain that it was not a patient; and if it were not a patient, who was xt? There was a balcony to the window. He •tapped quietly out and leaned over theiailing. By the irregular flicker of the street-lamp he could make out the dark figure of a woman on the steps beneath, and through the patter of the falling rain he fanoied he caught the sonnd of a suppressed sob. With a quick glance, to assure himself that no one was in sight, the doctor ran downstairs and opened the door. A swirl of run blew into the lighted hall. The woman was leaning against one of the pillars apparently unconscious. Burke touched her shoulder. "What are you doing here?" he asked sharply. At the sound of his voice she uttered a little ory and made a sudden step forward, stumbling over the threshold, and falling heavily against him. "Val, Val," she cried despairingly, "I thought I should never find yon. Take me home, take me home. I am so tired—and, oh, ao frightened !" The last word died away in a wailing sob, then her hands relaxed their clinging hold and drop nervelessly at their side. In an emergency Dr. Burke aoted promptly. He shut the outer door, and gathering op the fainting girl in his arms, carried her into the consulting - room, and laid her on the sofa. There was no touch of tenderness in his handling of the unconsoious form. He had never oared much about her, when at her best, dainty in figure and fair of face; he bad made love to her, jxmr pauer It temps, m the dulnesa of a small country town. She bad met him more than half way, and almost before his caprice was gratified he was weary of hsr. Her very devotion aauseated him. He looked at her now with a shudder of repulsion. The gaslight flared coldly on the white face, drawn by pain and misery. All its pretty youthfulness had vanished. The short hair, uncurled by the damp night air, straggled over the thin lorehead. There werelines about theclosed eyes and the drooping corners of the mouth. The skin was' strained tightly over the cheekbones and looked yellow, like discoloured wax. His eyes noted every defect of face and figure : as be stood wondering what he shodid do with her. He knew, no one better, how quickly the breath of scandal can injure a professional man. Once let the real story of his relations with Katherine Greaves feet wind and his career would be Practically ruined. He began to .realize the gravity of the situation. Two futures lay befoi. aim. The one, bright with the sunshine of love and prosperity, the other darkened by poverty and disgrace. He pictured himself the husband of Elma Lapg, with all the advantages accruing to the possessor of a charming wife and a large fortune, and be cursed fate which sent this wreck of womanhood to stand between him and happiness. By this time she had partially recover, d, and her eyes opened with the painful upward roll common to nervous patients when regaining consciousness. Wirh her dishevelled hair and rain-soaked garments, shehad all the appearance of a dead body. The sight, horrible as it was, fascinated Burke. He turned up the gas, twisting the. chandelier so as to throw a full light on the girl's face. " She looks as though she wer6 drowned," he thought. " When she is really dead she will look like that." The idea took possession of bis mind. "If Bhe were dead; if only she were really dead!" Who can truBt the discretion of a wronged and forsaken woman, but—the dead tell no tales. If only she w6re dead ! The words repeated themselves again and again, beating into his brain like the heavy strokes of a hammer. Why should she not die? Her life was over, a spoiled, ruined thing. There was nothing before her but shame and misery. She would be better dead. Why (he laughed suddenly a hard, mirthless laugh), she was dead already. Her body had been found by the police, identified by her own relations. She was supposed to be drowned, why not make, the supposition a reality ? A curiouB light flashed into the dootor's handsome face, A woman seeing him at that moment would have hesitated before trusting her life in his hands. He looked at his unweloome visitor with an evil smile. She had come round now and was crouched in the oorner of the sofa sobbing and shivering. " Don't be angry with me, Val, please, don't be angry* I waited till I had only just enough money for my ticket, and I dare not Btay there any longer. It is so lonely, and you never come to see me now. It is ten weeks sinoe you were down, and yon won't answer my letters. I was so frightened all alone. I began to think you were getting tired of me. Of course I kpow it is all nonsense. You love me aa much as you ever did. It is only that you are so busy and hate writing letters." She paused waiting for some reassuring words, bub he did not answer, only watohed her with cold, steady eyes. " Did you see the papers." she went on, with ohattering teeth. " They think I am dead. Ever since I read it I have had suoh dreadful thoughts. I keep seeing myself drowned; I believe I am going to die, Val—and I don't want to die. I am so—so frightened. I thought you would take me in your arms and comfort me like you used to do, and I should feel safe. Oh, why don't you speak to me? Why do you look at me like that? Val, dear, don't do it, don't do it; I cannot bear it." Her great terrified eyes were fixed on his, fascinated by his steady, unflinching gaze. .She was trembling violently. Her words came with difficulty, in short gasps. " You have never said you were glad to see ma It is trua then, that you don't love me any more. You are tired of me. and you will not marry me now. What shall I do ? what shall I do?. No one cares for me, no one wants me, and there it nothing left for me but to die." Still no answer. There was a long silence while their eyes met in that fixed stare—his cold, steady, dominating, hers flinching and striving vainly to withstand the power of the stronger will. In a few moments the unequal struggle had ended. The girl sat stiff and erect, her band grasping the arm of the sofa, The light of consciousness had died ont of the blue eyes, leaving them fixed and glassy, Burke crossed the floor and stood in front of her. " Where is your luggage?" he asked authoritatively. She answered in a dull, meohamcal way "At he station." " Have you kept anything marked with your own name—any of my letters?" " No, nothing there." " You have kept some of my letters. Where are they!" " Sere." Her hand sought vaguely for her pocket. " Give them to me—all of them!" Mechanically she obeyed him, holding out three envelopes after separating them carefully from her purse and handkerchief. "Give me the other things!" He opened the purse. Besides a few shillings it contained only a visiting-card, on whioh an address had been written in pencil. The dootor tore the card across and toaaed it into the fireplace: then his eyes fastened on those of the girl before him. Very slowly he bent forward and whispered a few words in her ear, repeating them again and again. The abject terror visible in her faoe would have touohed any heart but that of the man in whose path she Btood. No living eoul save the "sensitive" on whom he was experimenting heard those words, but they were registered by a higher power than that of the Griminal Court —damning evidence to be produced one day against the man who had prostituted his spiri. tual gift to mean and selfish ends. In the grey light of the chilly November morning a park-keeper, near the Regent's Oanal, Iras startled by a sudden, piercing shriek. Hurrying in the direotion of the sound, he saw through the leaflets branohes a figure struggling in the black water. The park-keeper was a plucky fellow, whose oourage had Mined more than one reoocrnition from the Humane Society; and he began to run towards the spot where that dark form had been seen, but before he had covered ten yards of ground rapid footsteps gained on his, and » man shot past him. "Some one in the oanal 1" he shouted as he ran; "I think it is a woman. You had better get help." "He was a good-plucked one," the parkkeeper averred when a few days later he retailed the story to a seleot circle of friends at the bar of the "Regent's Arms," where the inquest had been held; " not that I'd have been behindhand, but my wind ain't what it was, and he might have been shot out of a catapult. He was off with his coat and into the water before you oould say Jack Robinson. Twice I thought he had her safe enough, and twice she pnlled him under; the third time blest if I thought they were coming up any more at alL Then the dootor ohap, he comes to the surface dead beat with the girl in his arms. •I'm afraid she's gone,' he says, when I took her from him; 'but we won't lice time,' and he set to and carried out all the instructions for recovering the apparently drowned, while I went for some brandy. It wasn't a bit of uBe; the young woman were as dead as a doornail. ' If she'd only kept quiet I might have saved her,'he saysqnite sorrowful-like; ' but she struggled so,' and sure enough his hands were regularly torn and bruised where she'd gripped him." Dr. Burke and the park-keeper ware the chief witnesses at the inquest. There were no means of identifying the dead woman. The jury returned a verdict of felo de se, and the Coroner complimented the dootor on his courageous attempt to rescue the poor outcast. The newspapers, too, gave him a nice little paragraph, headed "Determined Suicide in Regent's Park. Gallant conduct of a wellknown physician;" aqd Elma Jiang's dark eyes filled with fond and happy tears as she read her lover's praifes. "You atp so brave, Val, so good," she cried, "and I am so proud of you; but you ran a horrible risk." "Yes," he answered, gravely, "I thought once it was all up with me. That poor girl nearly succeeded in drowning the pair of us. Still, there wasn't muoh ih it, you know; any other fellow would have done the same." " No, they would not. It is no use trying to pretend you are not a hero, Val, because you are. How awful it must have been when she olung to you so desperately. It might have cost you your life." "It cost me my ring," he replied, ruefully. " It is lying at the bottom of the canal at tins moment, unless some adventurous fish has swallowed it—your first gift." "What does it matter," she answered, impulsively, " I can give you another to-morrow. What does anything matter since you are safe?" Burke took her in his arms, and kissed the pretty upturned face. She was his now, bought with the price of another woman's life. Bah! he wanted to forget the (dutch of those stiffening fingers and the glazed awful stare of the dead t>yes through the water. "Let us drop the subject," he said, gently. "It is not a pleasant one, and, as you say, nothing matters since I am safe"—he added under his breath, " quite safe now." The carriage stood at the door. In the drawing-room Mrs. Burke was waiting for her husband. She had often waited for the doctor during the four yeare whioh had elapeed sinoe their marriage, l'hose four years had seen to a great extent the fulfilment of Burke's ambition. He had money. He was popular, Bought after, an acknowledged leader of the new school of philosophy, an authority on psychic phenomena, and. the idol of the " smart" women who played with the fashionable theories and talked glibly on subjects the very A B O of which was far beyond their feeble comprehension. Socially Dr. Burke was an immense success. If, as a husband, he fell short of Elma's expectations, she never admitted the faot. She made an admirable wife, interesting herself in his studies, and assisting him materially in hiB literary work. Outwardly they were a devoted couple. The world knew nothing of the indefinable barrier whioh held husband and wife apart; of a certain va&ue; distrust which had crept into the woman's heart, bred of an instinctive feeling that her husband wss not what he seemed to be. Something, she knew not what, lay between them. Her quick perceptions told her that he was always aoting a part. She held in her hand a little sheaf of papers, notes that she had prepared for him on the series of seances, which for a month past had been the talk of the town. A medium of extraordinary power had flashed like a meteor into the firmament of London sooiety. Phenomena of the most startling kind had baffled alike the explanations of both scientist and occulist. Spiritualism was triumphant. _ A test committee had been formed, of whioh Dr. Burke was unanimously elected President, but eo far the attempts to expose the alleged frauds had not been attended with any success. It wan to Madame Delphine's house that the Burkes were going to-night. The e£anoe commenced at 10, and the band* of the clock already pointed to a quarter to that hour when the doctor hurried into the room. "Ready?" be said. "Oome along then. Where are the notes?" He glanced hastily through them as he went down stairs. "Falconer and I have been there all the afternoon,"he explained as they drove off. " I had only just time to get something to e&t; at the Club before I dressed. We have taken the moat elaborate precautions. If something cannot be proved to-night " He paused. " We'l ?" she said anxiously. " We shall be the laughing-stock of London," he ooncluded, emphatically. " What do you really think of it ?" "Humbug, of course; but the difficulty is to prove it." "Mrs. Thirlwall declares that the fifth ap' pearance last night was undoubtedly her hus' band. I saw her to-day ; she was quite over, come." "Mrs. Thirlwall is an hysterical fooL" " But your theory admitted the possibility of materializing the intense mental—-" Burke leaned back in the carriage, laughing softy. " My dear child, I had to say something." "Valentine," she cried, sorrowfully, " there no truth in anything you say or'write? Do you believe in nothing ?" " Certainly. I believe in matter and myself t also that the many fools exist for the benefit of a minority with brains. When I see any reason to alter my belief I shall not hesitate to do so. If, for instance, I am convinced that I see with my material eyes a person whom I know to be dead, I will become a convert to Spiritualism. But I shall never see it." The drawing-room was filled when they arrived it Madame Delphine's. Beats had been kept for the doctor and his wife. There was a shi rt whispered consultation between Burke anc his colleagues, the usual warning from the c .edium that the audience must conform to th i rules of the seance, and the business of the evening oegan in the customary Btyle. Musical instruments sounded in different parts of the room, light Gngprs touohed the faoes of the sitters. Questions written on slips of paper and placed in a sealed oabinet received answers from the spirit 'world, whioh the enquirers admitted to be correct. The medium's assistant handed one of these blank slips to Burke, requesting him to fiU it up. It struck the doctor that if he were to ask some question the answer to which he did not himself know, but oould afterwards verify, he would guard against the possibility of playing into the hands of an adroit thought-reader. He accordingly wrote on the paper—" What was I doing this time four years ago? Give the initials of my companions, if any. He had not the vaguest idea as to where exaotly he had been on the date in question, but a reference to the rough diary he always kept would verify or disprove the answer. The folded slip was sealed and placed in the oabinet. In due time the medium declared the replies were ready. The cabinet ' was opened, and the slips, numbered in the order in whioh they had been given in, were returned to their owners. Burke noticed that there were no fresh folds in his paper, and the seal was of course unbroken. He opened it, and as his eye fell on the writing he gave a slight start, and glanced sharply at the medium. Beneath his queiy was written in ink that was scaroely yet dry, " On Wednesday, November 17, 1885, you were at No. 63, Abbey-road. I only was with you. You hypnotised me.—K.G." The hand writing was that of Katharine Greaves. The dootor was staggered. In the multiplyed interests and distractions of his daily life he had completely forgotten the date of that tragic visit. He tried to recall the exact day of the month and week. He remembered now that it was on a Wednesday, and this was Monday. Calculating the odd days for the leap year, 1888, that would bring it to Monday—Monday, the 17th. Four years ago to-night Kitty had been alive. She was dead now, and yet here before him was a paper written in her hand. He sat staring at the characters, lost in thought. The familiar writing brought back With irresistible force the memory of that painful interview. It suggested another and very serious danger. Burke did not believe for a moment that the answer to his question had been dictated by the disembodied spirit of his viotim. He was racking his brains to discover how his secret might possibly have leaked out, who this woman could be who knew and traded on her knowledge of that dark passage in his life whioh he had believed to be hidden from all the world. Was it merely a bow drawn at a venture, whioh had ohaaoed to strike the one weak place in his armour, or was it deliberately planned with a view to extorting money? So deeply was he wrapped in bis reflections, that the manifestations went on around him unheeded. The dark curtain which screened off a portion of the room divided, and a whiterobed ohild stopped out. It was instantly reoognised by one of the sitters—a nervous, highly-strung woman, whose passionate entreaties that Iter dead darling would return to earth fairly harrowed the feelings of the listeners. Other manifestations followed. The audience were becoming greatly exoited. Burke sat indifferent to it all, his eyes fixed on the writing before him, till his wife touched him gently. " What is the matter, Val?" she whispered, trying to read the paper over his shoulder. " Is your answer correct ?" He turned on her sharply, crashing the message in his hand. "No," he said audibly, "It is a grots imposture. There was no suoh parson." " Hush." She laid a restraining hand on his arm. "Do not speak so loudly. That is a poii int in our favour, anyway. Mr. Falooner naB a proposed a fresh test. He.has asked if a material object, something that had been lost at any time, you know, can be restored by the spirits. Madame returned a favourable answer. Mr. Falconer oould not think of anything at the moment, but I had a brilliant inspiration. I told him to ask for your diamond ring—the ring you lost when you tried to save that poor girl a life." Bnrke rose to bis feet, then recollecting himself, sat down again and tried to pull himself together. There was nothing in it. If this Madame Delphine was really acquainted with the facts of his relations with Katharine Greaves she oould not know its ghastly termination. He tried to reassure himself, but vainly. His nerve was deserting him, and his eyes roved vacantly round the semi- darkened room as if in search of something. A sudden silence had fallen on the audience. A oold chill, like a draught of ioy air swept through the seance chamber. Mrs. Burke shivered from head to foot, and drew closer to her huBbaiuL Suddenly the stillness was broken by a shriek of horror. It issued from the lips of the medium, who, like a second Witch of Endor, saw more than she expected, and crouched terror-stricken in the chair to which she was secured by cords adjusted by the test committee. The presence which had appeared before the black curtain was no white-clad denizen of "summerland," but a woman in dark, clinging garments—garments, to all appearance, dripping with water—a woman with wide-opened, glassy eyes fixed in an unalterable stony stare. It was a ghastly sight. All the concentrated agony of a violent death was stamped on that awful face. Of the twenty people who looked upon it not one had power to move or speak. Slowly the terrible thing glided forward, hardly touohing the ground, one hand ontstretohed, and on the open palm a small, glittering object—a diamond ring. It moved very slowly, and the second or so during whioh it traversed the spaoe between the curtain and the seats of the audience seemed hours to the man who knew for whom it came. Valentine Burke sat rigid. He was oblivious of the ptesenoe of spectators, hardly oonsdouB of his own existence. Everything was swallowed up in a suspense too agonising for words, the fearful expectancy of what was about to happen. Nearer and nearer " it" came. Now it was close to him. He could feel the deathly dampness of its breath, those awful eyes were looking into his. The distorted lips parted— fanned a single word. Was it the voioe of a guilty oonscienoe, or did that word really ring through and through the room, "Murderer." For a full minute the agony lasted, then something fell with a sharp click on the carpetless floor. The sound recalled the petrified audience to a consciousness of mundane tnings. They beoame awar^that " it" was gone. They moved furtively, glanced at eaoh other —at last some one spoke. It was Mrs. Burke. She had vainly tried to attract her husband's attention, and now turned to Falconer, who sat next to her. " Help me to get him away," she said. The doctor alone bad not stirred. His eyes were fixed as though he were still confronted by that unearthly presence. Some one had turned up the gas. Two of the committee were releasing the medium, who was half dead with fright. Falooner unfastened the door, and sent a servant whom he met in the hall for a hansom. When he returned to theseance room the doctor was Btill in the same position. It was some moments before he oonld be roused, bail when onoe they succeeded in their efforts Burke's senses seemed to return. He rose directly and prepared to acoomoany his wife. As they' quitted their seats Falconer's eyes fell on the diamond ring, which lay unnotioed on the ground. He was going to pick it up, but some one caught his hand and stopped him. "Leave it alone," said Mrs. Burke, in a horrified whisper. " For God's sake, don't touob it!" Husband and wife drove home in silence. Silently the doctor dismissed the cab and opened the hall door. The gas was burning brightly in the study. The Bervant had left on the side-table a tray with sandwiches, wine, and spirits. Burke poured out some brandy and tensed it off neat. His face was still rather white, otherwise he had quite recovered his usual composure. Mrs. Burke loosened her cloak and dropped wearily into a chair by the fire. A hopeless despondency was visible in every line of her attitude. Onoe or twice the dootor looked at her, and opened his lip to speak. Then he thought better of it, and kept silence. Half an hour passed in this way. At last Burke lighted a candle and left the room. When he returned he carried in bis hand a small bottle. He bad completely regained his self-possession as he came over to hia wife and scrutinized her troubled faoe. " Have some wine," he said, " and then you had better go to bed. You look thoroughly done up!" " What is that ?" She pointed to the bottle in his band. "A sleeping draught. Merely a little morphiu and bromide. I should advise you to take one too. Frankly, to-night's performance was enough to try the strongest nerves. Mine require steadying by a good night's rest, and I do not intend risking an attack of insomnia !" Sherose suddenly from her chair and olasped her hands on his arm. "Val,"she cried, piteously, "don't try to deceive me. Dear, I can bear anything if you will only truBt me, and tell me the truth. What is this thing which standB between us ? What was the meaning of that awful sight?" For a moment he hesitated ; then he pulled himBelf together and answered lightly— " My dear girl, you are unnerved, and I do not wonder at it. Let us forget it." " I cannot, I cannot,"she interrupted wildly. " I must know what: it meant. I have always felt there was something. Valentine, I beseech you, by everything you hold saored, tell me the truth now before it is too late. 1 could forgive you almost—almost anything, if you will tell me bravely; but do not leave me to find it out far myself." " You will not trust me ?" " I tell you there is nothing." " That is your final answer?" "Yes." Without a word she left the room and went upstairs. Burke soon followed her. His nerves had been sufficiently shaken to make solitude undesirable. He smoked a cigar in his dressing - room, and took the sleeping draught before going to bed. The effeotsof the opiate lasted for several hours. It was broad daylight when the doctor awoke. He felt weak and used up, and his head was splitting. He lay for a short time in that drowsy condition whioh iB the boider-land between Bleeping and waking. Then he became conscious that his wife was not in the room. He looked at his watch, and saw that it was half-past 9. He waited a few minutes, expecting her to return, but Bhe did not come. Presently he got up and drew baok the window curtains. As the full light _ streamed in, he was struck by a certain change in the appearance of the room. At first he was uncertain in what the change consisted, but gradually he realized that it lay in the absence of the usual feminine impedimenta. The dressing-table was shorn of its silver toilet accessories. One or two drawers were open and emptied of their contents. The writing-table was cleared, and his wife's dressing-case had disappeared from its usual place. Burke's first impulse was to ring for a servant and make enquiries, but as he stretohed out his hand to the bell his eyes fell on a letter, conspicuously placed on the centre of a small table. It was addressed in Etica's handwriting. From that moment Burke knew that something had happened, and he was prepared for the worst. The letter was not long. It was written firmly, though pale blue stains here and there indicated where the wet ink had been splashed by falling tears. " When you read this," she wrote, " I shall have left you for ever. The only reparation in your power is to refrain from any attempt to follow me ; indeed, you will hardly desire to do so, when I tell you that I know all. I said last night I oould not endure the torture of uncertainty. My fears were so terrible that I felt I must know the truth or die. I implored you to trust me. You put me off with a lie. Was I to blame if I used against yon a power which you yourself had taught me ? In the last four hours I have heard from your own lips the whole story of Katherine Greaves. Every detail of that horrible tragedy you confessed unconsciously in your sleep, and I who loved you—Heaven knows how dearly !—have to endure the agony of knowing my husband to be a murderer, and that my wretched fortune supplied the motive for the crime Thank God that I have no child to bear the curse of your sin, to inherit its father's nature! I hardly know what I am writing. The very ground seems to be cut away from under my feet. On every side I can see nothing but densest darknesa, and the only thing that is left to oa is death.—YQUT wretched wife, Eraa." From the moment he opened the letter, Burke's decision was made. He possessed the exact admixture of physical courage and moral cowardice which induces a man worsted in the battle of life to end the conflict by removing himself from the arena. He bad taken the best of the world's gifts, and there was nothing left worth having. His belief in a future life was too vague to cause him any uneasiness, and physically fear was a word be did not understand. He quietly lighted his wife's letter with a match and threw it into the fireless grate. He smoked a cigarette while he watohed it burn, and carefully hid the charred ashes among the oindera. Then he fetched from his dressingroom a small polished box, unlocked it. and took ont the revolver. It was loaded in all six chambers. Burke leisurely finished his oigarette, aud tossed the end away. He never hesitated a moment. He had no regret for the life he was leaving. As Elma had said, there was only oqe thing left for him to do, and—he did it. 