G E r u n i b s . Fine. Clear. Lalla Miranda. Fabian tactics. " Little'.Em'ly." Treasury bills to-day. Mind your P's and Q'e. . r"> The naturalist loves life. Brisbane floods continue. Good cricket on the Oval. A new Patriotic Association. No cause to rush Glen Taggart. Barometer at noon to day,29 61. Interesting rowing on Saturday. Sass made a manly old Peggotty. Sydney politics still much mixed. Vermin Commission meet to-day. WiUunga means to have a big Show. Have we any Uriah Heeps among us? Some of our MLP.'e are like Micawber. Excellent acting at tbe Theatre Royal. Meeting re Brisbane floods this afternoon. Mrs. Micawber, something has turned up. Boyt>' Field Club to have nine days in oamp. Does anybody look after the Public Park now? Manager Neill acted from a high sense of duty. Cathedral Choir concert at Henley Beach tonight. To say that religion has opposed progress is absurd. "Morality" has his ears pained at street corners. Goodwood has now a pretty Anglican Church. " Colonies must approve of Imperial peDBJ postage." Sir John Forrest picking up a few wcinUeB in Sydney. G.O.M. objects to being taunted about his great age. "The nephew" apologized to the G.O.M. for jesting. "Dairying is to be the staple support of this colony." Sir Charles Dilke again heard in the House of Commons. Khedive has been touring among his admiring subjects. Australians rallying round tbe half-drowned. Queenslanders. Mr. Micawber was entertaining, but a wee bit exaggerated. Australian butter ousting Danish from the English market. The Port Victorites will be looking up Rumbelow's now. South Australia does not yet appreciate her medicinal springs. Victorian Railway^Commissioners emulated South Australian. Nine diys in camp for a total cost of 17s. Cd., paterfamilias. British depositors favour voluntary winding up of Federal Bank. A well-deserved tribute to the worth of tbe Rev. C. Manthorpe. Rev. B. Smith, of Leichardt, disappeared. Foul play suspeoced. After all, there is a federation of sympathy ' amongst Australians. Wanted more confidence in South Australia by South Australians. Who are the typical fisher lads at Rumbelow's, Encounter Bay ? Do the Directors of Block 11 propose to reduce their own fees ? A Glenelg resident pays a graceful tribute to Archdeacon French. Handover again disqualified for six months, . with his trainer, Smith. Last year's imports £7,395,178; exports, £7,819,539. Went Blow. Chief Secretary's anxiety about the influx of -Tews was a bit previous. Long⊤ wants a final stop put to Com- - mercial Bank liquidation. Unley and Mitcham Tramway Company t Mting their own trumpet Bible ChristianlDiBtrict meetings Lave had ! good cause for thankfulness. South train delayed this morning owing - to lataness of Murray train. Kobbery with vialenoe in Melbourne punished by the flaggelator. Licensed Victuallers' Association had a grievance againBt the police. Arrived this morning—Paramatta and Burwah. Sailed—Frifct Reuter. The New Patriotio Association aims at exercising steadying influence. Manager Lane refuses to be retrenched to the extent of £500 per annum. Rev. G. E. Rowe will" orate to-night about his late trip to the old.'oountty. The Labour party are building their platform very cautiously and slowly. Glenelg is losing two pillars in Archdeaoon French and Rev. C. Manthorpe. Great day in the English Parliament- Home Rule Bill to be introduced. Mr. J. A. Ellery complimented by the Licensed Victuallers' Association. A man for begging was eent by Adelaide Bench to a month's imprisonment Railway Commissioners did fit up a locomotive, but they won't do it again. Bar and Bench in Victoria appear to be well pleased with the new Chief Jnstioe. Boys' Field Club to make things lively for Balhannah and Oakbank at Easter. Freethought people must give freedom of thought to differ with their conclusions. A lot of growling in the Civil Service over the holidays granted to crack cricketers. Sun rose at 5.34 a.m.; sets at ti.54 p.m. Moon rose at 1,32 a.m.; sets at 4.53 p.m. Mayor Smith when he heard the serenaders asked himself—" Do I sleep or do I dreamt" The Field Club will be at home at Balhannah. That's where the President was raised. The dramatic critic looked round for the ambulance for Little Emly on 'Saturday night. There r-« ill be an illustrated lecture on " The English Martyrs" at the Albert Hall tonight. G.O.M. should have told jesting Balfour of what happened to the boye^who cried after Elisha. C. Sabine hopes that nothing will "prevent the departure of those colonists to„New Australia. Burnside District Council notify that they will net stand any more nonsense over arrears of rater. Perennial bill of lading question before the London Chamber of Commerce. No decision as usual. Mr. Lane, of Block 14, is able to show a good case why his Balary should not be reduced. Figgi who rode Handover on Saturday at Noarlunga, will have to stand down for three months. When these two Civil eervanta laaTe to play cricket in England will their salaries run an all tbe same ? Is it not about time the Premier said something at out his policy, or is he waiting for the labour platform ? Paris papers clamour for the pardon of Baron de Lesseps. Sentence equivalent to capital punishment. Mr. W. S. Bickford posed as a financial ! refoimer make some last big night alterations. A wise autocratic might Mr. Barr Smith gave £100 to the BegUler I Queensland Relief Fund. Room for many ! more subscriptions, large and small. North Adelaide, School Board gracefully noted its satisfaction in the work done by the teaching staffs at the various sohcols. OBIT.—Among the many notables who in the illimitable past " shuffled off this mortal coil" on February 13 were the following :— Andronicus IL, Emperor of the East, gave np the ghost in a cloister, 1333. He sucoeedea Michac-1 VIII. in 1283. Yon may perhaps remember that this said Michael was Regent during the minority of John Lascaris, whom he deprived of his throne and hiB eyes in 1861, and that he himself waa excommunicated by Pope Martin IV. for encouraging hereby schism. As for Andronicus he in hiB turn iwa deprived of his throne by a revolt headed by his grandson, Andronicus the younger. Kioe doings in those days. Catharine HowaM, daughter of Edmond Howard, learnt tgw bard it was to please her Royal husband. ._ married to Henry Vllt in lM3, and was deprived of her head bv that head of the Chnioh in 1545. Cellini, the 'JnBteons 1 artist, made his exit in 1570, ased169. a notorious scamp in his youtK buthw iscriptures are the^dmirataon ofthe wc^dflVOT unto this day. Elizabeth Stuart, Qne» tf Bohemia, daughter of Jamee VLof .^oo^, and I- of England, wife of Frederick. KM* of Bohemia, departed this life ~ having given birth to -thutfen^ including the Prinsess Sop " our gracious <iueen Victoria! 