SO-CALLED SCHISM. ?m the cniTnn ?*5ir — It would be well for the Rev. Mr. Stokes, of the Anglican Church, to write tempe rately. It is useless to sling foolish worcb and ing ignorance of the Bible,' or of using ' half truthe,' or of making many ' misleading state ments. ;; I Ieav9 others to judge. Tho one glaring example he quotes from my aeraion is that of Matthias. I .said it cannot be proven that he v» appointed by the laying on of hands. Mr. Stokes, to provti that Matthias had special apostolic authority, says that it came upon him ' by the visible descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of I'eutecoat.' Why did he not say that that descent was upon 'all who were with ono accord in one ph^o.' Tho 'all' doubtless included the 120 mentioned ia the preceding chapter. Women were among tho number. Peter said that it was the fulfilment of a prophecy. That lie speaks of 'sons and daughters' shows that it waa not special to a Matthias. Ah, the case of Matthias is still a trouble to Mr. Stok--s. He does not care to think that he may after all only trace his own supposed priestly authority to a Matthias. He may also be perplexed to prove that Ananias, who went to 3poak words of life to Paul, had himsc-lf been appointed by ' laying on of hands.' And he may be still further perplexed about those four daughters of tbe evangelist Philip who prophesied or preached. Were they ordained by the laying on of hands ? Come, Mr. Stokes, answer ; but next time avoid accusing mo of ''using half-truths.''' I really seek truth, ami if I could be assured from the holy word that only thuse who are in the Anglican priesthood have authority to preach I would seek that authority. But there is a loftier authority than that given by any Bishop. It is the inward voice of God in tha soul. As Mr. Stokes admits that it cannot bo proved that the Ajiostiw themselves were appointed by the laying on of hands, it ia probable that whenever they practised it they did so in harmony with a prevailing Jewish custom. Thus is not absolutely necessary for authority to preach or declare the willingness of God to forgive sins under the Christian dispensation. It is a very weak position that euoli as Mr. Stoker occupies. If it were a sure one be ought logically to tcake haste to secure reconciliation totheKomaa communion. Alas, however, he and others will persist in regarding all teacheM who differ from them as being unauthorized, or as the Precentor of the Cathedral in hi3 sermon of last Sunday evening would class us as re ligious rebels. I am. Sir. «ta. FRED HASTINGS. Xorth Adelaide, February 4. 