THE SALVATION ARMY. THE SOCIAL ANNUAL. Meetings in connection with the social an-<*> nual of the Salvation army were held on Sun-<*> day. The gatherings, which were led by Commissioner Coombs, of Victoria, assisted by Majors Jeffries and Hoskin, and Staff Captain? Bennett, of Gawler, and Gallant, of Broken Hill, took [dace at North Adelaide in the morning, Bowden in the afternoon, and Morphett-street in the evening, all bsing well attended. The holineaa service held in the North Ade laide Barracks was largely attended. Com missioner Coombs, who has done much plat form work, is quite at ease in expounding Bible truth. He chose for his mornicg lesson the sth chapter of Ephesians and the 20th and 2?th verses — "That' he might sanctify and cleanse the church with the washing of water by the word, that He might present it to Himself a glorious church Dot taring spat or wrinkle or any such thing, bat that it should be holy and without blemish." The Salvation Army, ha said, did no appreciate their history enough. More than any other organisation they had been the means of reviving the power of personal testi mony in a present Balvation, and they had also been largely used in spreading the doctrine of holy living promulgated by such men as Retcher, Bramwell, and others, and bearing testimony to its power .in theii lives as an accomplished fact. Holiness did cob mean angelic perfection, but it meant Christian perfection. There was no necessity for there being any remnants of sin left in the eouL God could deliver completely from the power of an. Holines? did not mean bein^ eared from infirmity of body, though the possession of a pure heart would greatly help the body. Sanctification wonld enable one the better to bear his infirmities with gladness and magnify the grace of God. What was wanted was that the soul ehonld be master of the body and dominate the flesh. Sanctified people were not caved from making mistakes, they were men still, but rilled with the Holy Ghost and doing die will of Ood from a pore heart. Christ loved the church that He might eanctifj and cleanse it, and it was very easy to believe that one could be holy when be got tc heaven. Many believed that they were going to be holy when they died, but the Bible taught, and the experience ol many confirmed the truth of it, that holiness was attainable now by renouncing every false way and submitting entirely to the will of God. The address was of an inspiriting character. This evening a "Great rescue demonstration" will be held in the Town Hall, over which his Honor Chief Justice Way will preside and will also deliver an address. Commissioner Coombs and Majors Jeffries and Hoskin will also speak on th? social work of the army. Goods manufactured at the Rescue Homes will be on sale at the meeting. Prior to tha gathering a "Huge variety march" will take place, Btarting from North- terrace at 7 o'clock. All the Adelaide and suburban corps will take part in this, and as there are 20,000 adherents of the army in this colony the procession should be a long one. 