\- LXTEKATUBJS. Heralds of Australian Litera ture.* By Rolf Boldeewood. ' ii. I may be pardoned for baring' mmel primarily those writers who, either by birlh cr rearing, were .connected with New South Wales. But it t'wiU be seen that the children of the mother colony must necessarily, in order of seniority, take precedence of those of Tasmania, New Zea land, ani Victoria. In Sydney my boyhood's days ^ were passed, and the men whom I have mentioned were personally known to me, the : majority, indeed, being schoolmates. The dates given will prove how short a time elapsed after the dreary — and, in some respects, discouraging — foundation of the colony before the irrepressible emanations 'from the eons of song commented to . irradiate the primeval forests. If I dwell upon this circumstance, it is for the purpose of ? repeating the proposition that, given the omih&py; environments of civilisation, any ' JJritish community will exhibit the same personal differentiation of type, and evolve the same average of intellectual development, . Of a later . day than those last mentioned came Henry Clarence Kendall, a true-born Australian, the child of the southern sea-woods, intensely patriotic in feeling, and permeated with every poetic senti ment which an ardent imagination evolved from that 'waste land wliero no one comes or hath come since the making' of the world.' He displays iin his poetns, perhaps, more of the characteristic flavour of Outre Mev than any other writer. To him was given to interpret the whispers of the rills trickling through the fern-ahaded glens of O.rara, to behold the dread shape'of the 'Fever Sprite of Famine' who ' ? . sits all the year time through ? Reyqnd the rainless Barwon, beyond the red Barcoi. He it was who listened in' the summer midnight under the burning stars of the South to the sad strange murmur of the forest oak, who mourned, .. weeping, in the deep despair of the poet's heart, a broken heart ! ' for that lost chord, that vanished dream, the song 1 cannot sing.' Ere a few short years bad passed, alias, ' the lyre was broken, the minstrel gone !' . Taking a chronological view of .early Australian writers, we may, for convenience': 6ake, class them as the pre auriferous section. They arose when iAtustrglia was strictly pastoral or agricultural, l^efore the wondrous golden era which was to change a colony into a nation, and to proclaim to Hie world a trans-Pacific treasure-house of bound less wealth. This division is of importance, inas much. as among the thronging thousands of adventurers who crossed the main, and dared Hib dangers of an unknowii land, and a popula tion presumably lawless, were four men whose npineS are, in consequence of their literary work inspired of Australian conditions,, known , Wherever the English language is spoken. I refer J:o Henry Kiugsley, Marcus Clarke, Brcnton fiitephgns, and Adam Lindsay/ Gordon. 'The gjoldeu lure attracted these strong spirits. They came to dig — they remained to write. An ironic ' fate refused them the treasure so bountifully bestowed upon . the labourer, the idler, even the cfimtpa], in the great gold lottery. Fortunately for ns, for all posterity, hard necessity compelled them !io transmute the undreamed of mental riches into ,^ermanent and negotiable wealth. And the individual withers. , ; ' And the world is more and more, fiterallv, faithfully exemplified in the case of threo:ont off cur of the giftea quartet. Kingsley ' slbep| with his great kinsman in the old ? home of bis race, which they both had so lovingly painted ; but abjve Clarke's and Gordon's graves'buwm the wild flowers cf that far south land in which they, doubtless, confidently trusted to gather easily won wealjh, and to quit with but scant regret. - To . each was it denied One day to standby the grey old grange ' - ? While the chi'dren would gather all sby and strange : As lie cnU'red the well- known dual'. Still, as long as Australians forget not the language of their forefathers, as long as Milton ' \- and ? Shakespeare are among the echoes of a * ' Heralds of Australian Literature,' by T. A.- Browne (.Bolf Boldrewoodl, read befure the -AuFtrala;iuu Associa tion for the Advancement of Science, Hobart, Tasmania. bygone glorious day, so long will the memory of these men be left green amid Australian wastes by wood and wold. 'While the stock are slowly stringing And ' Clancy rides behind thetn singing,' be sure that ' How We Beat the Favourite,' 'The Lay of Britomarte,' 'The Ride from the Wreck,' or ' The Sick Stockrider ' will be among the chants. Long years will pass before more critical students will cease to measure the force and beauty of err tain verses of the 'Rhyme of Joyous Guard' with the Arthurian ballads of England's greatest poet. And from generation to generation, so long as in tale or in tradition lives the sombre legend of the historic prison house of Port Arthur, so long as the storm waves of the moaning main beat against the rock wails of the Isle of the Dead, Tasmania will Bhuddtr over the horrors of those mouldering dungeons, and pilgrims mourn over the hapless fate of Rufus Dawes as they read that terribly relentless lurid record, ' His Natural L;fe.' Mr. John Lang (not related to the distinguished clergyman of that name) was one of the Sydney Grammar Si hool pupils as far 1 ack as 1834. At an., early age he began to exhibit exceptional ability. He was fortunate in being able to go 'home' ( ong may it he ere Ibis gocd oid synonym for Britain be discarded by Australians), and to be entered at an English university. The-ie he took his degree, was admitted to the bar, and returned to Sidney wilh the intention of entering the political arena under the aegis of Mr. Went worth. After a short experience he decided to try his fortune at the Indian bar. An admirable linguist and admittedly brilliant advocate, he there acquired both fame and fortune, more than one of the latter, it is said, but unfortunately dispersed almost as soon as made. He was con nected at the time with one of the leading news papers (The Englishmen) . He amused his leisure by writing novels, and a volume of sketches called ' Wanderings in India.' This last: is now out of print ; but I well remember several of the sketches . It resembles, in originality and picturesque effect, nothing eo much, in my opinion, as tLose won derful creations of tie grandest artist of to-day in that school of design, the splendidly meteoric, Rudyard Kipling. His more completed produc tions, the ' Ex-Wife,' ' York, you're wanted,' ' Will he m'rry her? ' and others, were in their day highly succes.-ful, being admirably true to the state of society which tliey purposed to describe. These a'l dealt with the- men and manners of our eastern empire. But in hi6 most popular novel, 'The Forger's Wife,' the scene is laid in Sydney in the old old days of transportation. It is a powc:fu), if occasionally painful, book. Ic sells even now in all the colonies and in England by the thousand, and, as is not uncommon in the -history of authors and their best productions, no relative of the late Mr. Lang has beneficial interests in the copyright. The Hon. William Forster, ex- Agent-General for New South Wales, though to all intents and . .purposes an Australian, was one of those English men who in their infancy eame to Australia. Like his great contemporary Wentwortb, he was the son of an Irish army surgeon, belonging on the mother's side to a race of Kentish squires. He adopted the. fashionable pastoral profession in attaining manhood, and had his 'share of-lbe dangers of the wilderness, , though such were Lis strong literary proclivities, combined with so combative and critical a bent, that no circum stances would have estoppel him from intellectual conflict. His earlier literary efforts were directed against the ruling policy of the day, and a jcu d( esprit published in the Atlas newspaper, entitled 'The Devil and the Governor,' is still remembered. Another satire, 'The Genie and the Ghost,' followed. In a later day he wrote poems, which, though of high order, were hardly cilcnlatrd to suit the popular taste. He ..' deserted the domain of poetry in Lis later years for the more absorbing triumphs of party politics, where he obtained fn 1 recognition, alike by friend and foe, as In c'o e tight a e'lamplcn firm, In camps a leader t age. Of unchallenged integrity, of exact and pitiless logic, faultless iu diction, elegant in versification, the name of William Foisler, as author and rritic, whl always be £6.-ocialtd with the literary move ment i f bis day ; while his steadfast adherence to principle, Lis stubborn championship of abriiaut justice in every form, public or prirate, should serve as an exemplar and beacon-light to latter day politicians. William Betie Dalley was born in Sydney in 1*831 . He was chiefly, indeed almost entirely, educated at the Grammar School, then known as the Sydney College. I shall always consider Dalley, whom I had the honour of knowing inti mately, one of the most surprising instances of the uprising of genius amid circumstances not par ticularly favourable, which this century has pro duced. Like Carlyle, his parents were of hiimble birth and station, neither having any pro nounced tendency towards the pursuits in which their gifted son was destined so prominently to excel. Wonderful indeed must have been the ' natural capacity from which the sound, but not ^exceptional, method of education which he re ceived, produced such astonishing results. As an orator, a poet, an essayist, a -debater, a sueces de salon, he was indeed almost unequalled ; as a barrister he took high rank. Poetical and imagi native, he yet filled the high office of Attorney General without failure of the good 6ense and practical knowledge in which the eons of genius are held to be deficient. The most charming of conversationalists, with a winning manner, re fined, persuasive, delicately deferential, dignified by turns, there was no society, European or Aus tralian, of which he was not fitted to be a dis tinguished member. His range of reading was widely comprehensive, his memory accurate and tenacious. He was an exceptionally good lin guist, as well as an advanced classical scholar. As p, Minister he will always be remembered in association with thememorable Soudan expedition, through which, for the first time, Australia was enabled to repay in kind a portion of the lavish expenditure by which our infant nation had been fostered by their august motherland. (7o b: continued.) 