! Was it a Ghost they Saw? Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at 211, Main-st., Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in ,the houso. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. ' At about half past eleven they returned, and entered .tne h°u.so. laughing and talking. But .as they went ; into the parlour the , merry humour died out of them in a second. Sight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyelet holes in it. His shirt sleeves' were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned p'istol.'v Tho women fled ^screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors _ and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? , ^ During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed the calling of my name. ; and at the foot of my bed stood the image of my mother, just as_ she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a railway journey, on which journey she was killed m a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was . foolish enough to tell of it, and the llocal ^oid women gossips said it was a sum mons' and I would never get well. Yet. I did, and ani in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, ior I've never seen it: since,' and it?s more thai three years ago.' : .r. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks .the nerves, will play; ;ofE on you when your system is out of condition. In;March, 1890, jit was that' Mrs. ? Jarid « Eos- ter, of Darracott Boad, Pokesdown, Hants., wrote us as follows: — ' 1 was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not want them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for haying gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in ; the' : head and1 over the eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow^ and, the stomach and , bowels ;.felt cold , and ;deiad. .By-and-bye I had .to! /lie helpless in bed. Tlie doctor said he did not know what my. .complaint was. I toak nothing but liquid food, and could not retain \- even that on ,my stomach. By this time I was nothing but SKin and bon e. . My memory completely failed, i ., My head alclied so dread fully I thought I should lose my senses, and .my friends' agreed; that I would - never- get better. . . . ' $i I: had giVen up aB hope whien one ' day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was al)le to walkTacross] -the room, and by the end of the, week Iv went downstairs. Now X am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my 4oodjtjand all, ;my nervousness has-leffr'me;' . _ Tlie malady Mrs. Poster, saffered fr,om ,was indigestion- 'and. dyspepsia' and neryoiis pros- ? tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband's accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the di gestion and thas fed and toned the nerves.. r Whatovei\f inay |be 'iyo'ur .opinion^ off f-tihe /Bridgeport ighost, lit- r ehirians; true.-tWt^m4t uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing ,m.oi e :0r less . than a' set of , nerves all. upset \- Ghosts, come from the mside of the person' who sees ' tKem and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural . and .wholesome . To Stock-owners. — The attention of stock-owners is directed to the following important, letter, a copy of which has beau '.sent tojthe Stock:Iu'spectorkJ throughout the colony :.r-u Department of Mines and Agri c.Wre/ Stock Branch, Sydnev, 23rd October, 1893\. Sir,— I have to inform you that the crown solicitor has advised that the portions of the regulations of 6th February, 1S8S issued under the Diseases in Sheep Acts whish, provide for taking bonds on account of travelling charges on sheep for which a ' new permit is required, are ultra vires x and that there is no power to appeal to the board and no right to apply, to the minister for a remission of the whole or part of these charges under the law as it stands. The Secretary for Mines and Agriculture has therefore decided that until the law is amended the charges due under Section 14 of the Diseases in Sheap Act Amendment Act of 1888 for any renewed permit, must b'& Pal(Va; Gasll- an-d you will therefore dis 'contmue^to take bonds from the date of the receipt a$ this intimation, which ploase ac knowledge by return post.— (Signed) Wm b. Toner,- Acting Chief Inspector of Stock J* 