WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW. Mas. H. H. JEXNIKCS lives at No 211, Main street, Bridgeport and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking, But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming throngh the eyeholes in it His shirtsleeves were rolled mx and- in one hand hi earned a long,- oldgfaamoned pistoL The women fled screammgiroii the mom, and when Mr. Jennings came- in five minutes latabe found no one in the paiiour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What wa it the women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health, writes an American friend. "I had slept badly for several successive nights. - On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly * aroused from a doze by what seemed like tbei calling -of my name; and at the.footof tho bed stood the image of rmy mother jnst as she looked five years before, as! she- was leaving home to (go on a journey, on which journey, she had been killed in a reoent nil way disaster. I screamed and fainted. I vas foolish enough enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was A summons and I would never cet welL - Yeft'J.did, and am now in perfect health now.- -1 Relieve that vision came to my weak nerves; TorYve' never seen it'since, ana it's more' than three years' ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks tbe nerves' will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, • of Darrmcott Road,- PdkHidown, Hants, wrote ns as followsV—"I was dreadfully nervous, I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did.jiot ^wjsh ±hem far away in case 1 should call ont for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having pone to bed. There was often a severe pain m my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most-of the time. My skin 'was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold amd dead. By-and-by I.had to -lie heipless in bed. The doctor said he didnt know wi at my complaint was. J took nothing but liquid food, and cnnld not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I wa*taothine but skin and bone. Myineiuory completely failed. My hea&ached; so dreadfully I thought il should losemysenses, awl rny'friends tt&t;\I would never est better. "I Ml given up aJl hope, when one day Mis. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was talking. She told me she was herself once just as boldly off, and was cored by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she &ecmed; to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went dow-nrtairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me. The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestrr,ii and dyspepsia and nervous. proRtra- -tion. Th« original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of h«r husband, by aecident, and tht system "rallied only when the Syrup bad-given new vigour to . the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visjoDB.and sound* mean nothing more or lens -than a Set.of nerves aHmpset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts -come from the insjde-of the person who sees them, and when > Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 