AN EPISCOPAL CEREMONIAL. BALLAUAT, SUNDAY. The consecration of D'r. Delanoy as coadjutor bishop of Hobart took place to- day at the 11 o'olook.msss at St. Patrick's Cathedral, whioti was thronged in all parts, many boing unable to .obtain admission. Among the congre gation was a largo number of representatives of l'rotestaut denominations, who took considerable interest in tlie proceeding". Tho churoh dignn- tarie.s in attendance included Dr. Carr, Arch bishop of Molbounio; Dr. Murphy, Archbishop' of Hobart; Dr. Heville, Bishop of Bendigo; Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale; Dean Beeohnoir, of Launocsten; Archdeacon Hogan, of Tas mania ; Father Heniioberry, of llohnrt ; Father .T. H. O'Connell, of Carlton ; and Father AVnlslie, of St. Francis's Church, Mel bourne. There was a numerous assemblage also of the olorgy of tho Baliarat diocese, to- gethor with Messrs. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O.; — Archer, ex-Registrar-General ; D. Brophy and J. Coglilan, knights of tho order of Gregory tlio Groat. The Papal Bull, authorising and appointing the consecration of' Dr. Delaney as coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, with tho right of aucccssiou to tho archbishopric, wns rend by Monsignor Hoyno, Y.G., after which tlio consecration ceremony was performed by Archbishop Can-, nssisted by Bishops Moore and Corbett, In- purtibus inlidcliuni, Dr. Delaney is also Bishop of Larnndn, in Lycnonia, in' Asia. - During- the sci-vico Haydn's Imperial No. -3 Mass was sung by a powerful ehoir, under the leadership of Mr. John Lake, valuable assistance in the rendition of tho great work being given by momber-s of the Church of England . and othor Protestant choirs. The consecration sermon was preached by. tlio Itov. J. F. Rogers, who took. for his toxt tlie 28th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles ".Tako heed nnto yourselves, unto all tho flook over which the Holy Ghost liath appointed you bishops to rulo tlio churoh of God." The consooration sermon, which occupied one hour in delivery, was soiieidei-ed todio one of tlio most oloquont jusCC -.powerful Addresses over hoard in St. PatripkV.Caehedral. Iq'j \ Dr. Doianoy is the' y5nngc.it bishop cvei1 con secrated in tlie Roman, CathnliqaGhqrplgMn this quarter, of tho world, 'boing 4nlyi42-ybnrsbf age. For a long whilo paLdie-hns been acting as- prt, vate secretary to Bisfmp-AJooro. As-asoiliplhr be has few, if any, "eqiftliC J'CtfeEjitiMh'fn -Australia, and as a Iroturar-L-uniF" con versationalist, ho is both convincing nnd plensiug in iiis style. Born in Galwny, in the west of Ireland, he received his primaiy education from the Jesuits in his nativo parish, subsequently entering All Hallows College as a .student of theology. Later on bo proceeded to Ft. Supine College, in France, and attended lactases at tho Catholic University, finally taking tlie degree of . haohelor of tlioo- logy. Dr. Delaney continued his general studios nbroad, travelling through Italy, Spain, Russia and other countries, acquiring a know- ledgo of their respective languages. Ill one of the colleges' ho held tliu position of professor, but a few years ago, on Iiis falling into bad health, he relinquished tlie appoint ment niul came to tlie colony, subse quently locating himself in tlio dioeose of Baliarat, at tlio invitation of Dr. Moore. Bishop Delaney', who urged the authorities at Rome not to oonfer episcopal honors upon him, it being his wish to remain in Bailamt as an ordinary working priest, lias during his resi dence ill Victoria taken considerable interost in political and other a (lairs. He lias boon a frequent contributor to to tlie periodical press, and at times ho gave expression to bis opinions on iutoresting topics in the columns of tho daily nowspapers. One of iiis ablest efforts as a journalist wus perhaps the letter published in The Age somo months ago on land monopoly and the alleged withdrawal of the Sir Samuel Wilson subscriptions to various societies ill tho colony. 