BOOK If.—PREPARING FOR WORK. HIS CHAPTER VHL "FAK FROM TKB MADDING CROWD." Dear lovely bowers of ianocence and ease, Seats nun unetrlraTe of uir yontli. 1 anwicafferiujr when ever? sport conld . please! - Where bumble happiness endeared e«h soene! How often have I paused on ev«ry charm— Tbe sheltered cot, the cultivated farm, The neverfullag brook, the busy mill, Tbe decent Church that topped the neighbouring hill: The hawthorn buh, with seats beneath tbe shade, For tslkiog age and whisp'ring Livors made. • OLIVER GOLDSMITH. The next day Andrew found his way to Mr. Adolphus Vellum. "I am come to tell you that I shall not be able to write any more for you, "he said. " Why, what's the row now V asked Mr. Vellum. , "There is no row," replied Andrew. "I have simply come to tell you I must cease to be one of your contributors." Mr. Vellum turned bis chair around. " I know what it is," he said. " Ypu think you are underpaid; so you are. I was saying to myself last night, says I, 'Young Fair- fax's ability has not been recognised. Fourpence a page is not enough for him. Ill put on another penny." Andrew could scarcely keep from laughing. "I believe in paying men," continued Mr. Vellum;and although a penny a page'11 make a difference to the profits I'll do it. I want to reoognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page '11 mean eighteenpence a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if you work on Sundays, ten and sixpenoe." " I assurcfyou that has no weight with me whatever," said Andrew. My mind is" "Come, now; I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand; but you've got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what — if youll stick to me, of course—you may become as popular as even the author of ' The Battle with a Ghost.' Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll be the making of you, I will, and"—here Mr. Vellum beoame confidential—" I'm thinking of starting a new firm of publishers, and you might—I don't say you will, because suoh a thing only happens tu the few—but I might make you an editor in time, and then youll Have an office of your own, like me," and he swelled with the dignity of bie office and the greatness of his offer. "No," said Andrew; "my mind is made up." " Then you've been bought np," cried Mr. Vellum. " I've brought yoi out, and now the editor of a tuppeny or threppeny whocan afford it have seen your stuff, and have bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shame. Where wonld you have bin but for me? Who know'd you? NobodybutPinns. And nowyouaregettin' useful you throw np the sponge and coolly walk away. It's a hard blow. I'veagoodmindneverto bring another man out. It gives no encouragement to a man of letters like me to encourage such tyros as you. Co^ne, now ; what do you want? How much do you want me to give?" "You quite mistake me," said Andrew; " I am not going to write for another editor, at any rate for a long time. I'm leaving London." " Laavin' London !" Mr. Vellum generally got wrong in bis pronunciation when lie became exoited. " Leavin' London! Why, yau must be mad 1 Just as your career was openin' up. Just when I could do something for you. Why, man, in time you could make as much as three pound ten a week, and be as widely known as Dead wood Diok." "Nevertheless, I am going to leave London." " Where are going?" " fnto the country." " But not for long ?" " For a year at least." Mr. Vellum looked at him steadily, as tl-ough he doubted his senses. " Leave London, when he's got such chances!" he said slowly. " Give up a reputation which he might make almost equal to my own ; give up the idea of being admitted into the " Daring Dick Club'—well, I'm blowed! It's enough to make a man forget bis grandmother ;" and Mr. Vellum looked out of the hole iu the box as though he at last had seen a miracle. Andrew found bis way baok to the den in which he had lived for several months, but which he was now about to vacate. He had said " good-by" to Mr. Pinns, and beyond him there was no one who cared what became of him—at least, so he believed. "Bless yer," said the landlady, to whom he eaid good- by, "I shall soon see yer baok again A youuc gent tike you can't live inthe country. What you want is a mother, sir, and that youll never git in tlie country. You'll soon feel the want o' me, sir. Wheu you are tired ov J a night you'll say, * I wisU Mrs. Liggina was 'ore,' that you will, And, sir, I shall surely miss you. that I shall." There was no doubt that Mrs. Liggina would mies Andrew in more ways than one. Indeed, there were many ways in whioh she interested hereelf in him. Andrew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs. Liggins always assured him that he used*tnore than half a pound a week. Then she assured him that he at five pounds ot bacon every week, although he only had two small slices each morning. Besides this, Mrs. Lipgins had a remarkable thief of a cat. Sometimes Andrew would treat himself to a pork pie, or some such luxury, eating only a part or it at one meal, however, leaving tbe remainder for another time. " But whenever he enquired after it he was assured that the oat had taken it, together with some wondenully valuable artiole belonging to Mrs. Liggins. It was a remarkable oat. Half a chicken was nothing to him; and what was more wonderful still, he was as lean as a o»t could be. An ordinary observer would liave Eaid that the oat was starved, but Mrs. Liggins would take a solemn oath before Mr. Fairfax and a whole Bench of Magistrates that "Shah eat more'n a Sn. Bamum's dog a terrible deal, and was enough to drag a poor woman to the grave." So, of course, Andrew oould only believe and wonder. He could not help giving Mrs. Liggins a sly hint, however, by way of a rejoinder, that he hoped Shah would not feel his absence as much as Mrs. Liggins did. . By midday he had found his way to the station, and was soon rushing throngh beautiful country fields and woods towards the soene of his birthplaoe, with a feeling of wonder in his heart. What should he do ? What were the first steps that he must take? He was entering npon a life of whioh he absolutely knew nothing, and he must be carefuL At best the idea of his taking this step would be called Quixotic by all well-balanced minds. But he did not oare for that. Strange as the proceeding^ was, he knew he was doing right. It was true he oould not eketoh out any plan of action, but he had no doubt he would manage someho w. He had, on the reoommendation of Mr. Pinns, got a rough suit of clothes — quite nnlike what farm labourers usually wear, it is true, but nevertheless suitable for the life he sought to lead. A part of his old attire he had left in Mr. Pinna's care, while he had brought just enough to remind him of the days when the world was different. Morgan Cross, he found, was a little roadside station. It bad been oalled Morgan Cross owing to the fact that close by .were four orosswayB, while on the hedge near by was an ancient cross, supposed ta be put there in a far-off age, when a convent, by tbe name of Morgan Convent, flourished in that part of the country. Andrew was the only passenger who alighted there, and he could not help being oppressed by the wondrous stillness that reigned. The silence was so great that it seemed to make a noise, and as after the train had swept out of «ght the porter oame to take his ticket 'a sort of awe crept over him, for he felt he was entering, to him, ah unknown world. "This is Morgan Oroia?" he said to the portPt. . • The porter nodded his head. *' There is no inn of any kind here ?" "Youmain puUio- ouse? No." " Whioh is the nearest?" "There's wawn, the Oss and Waggon, 'bout a mile on. Than thenfe two in St. Naot" " St. Neot you mean?" " That's wot I zed." "How far is it?" "'Bout vower mile — p'raps ha'af a mile mooer." " There's no conveyance here ?" "No. Verrell's van do call wanoe a week, goin' ta St. Lerrick, that's oaL" " I want to go to St Neot to-night. How am I to get my bag there ?" "Git'n there? why, oar'on ytuelf. Aw l aw t aw." Andrew found he had been making a mistake. If he would get on, he must conform to the custom of the people. " Luk 'ere," said the porter. 'Ere's a bit 'o rope. Ther' now, zee that? Tak' hould o' that end an* leek nn ower yer shonlder. Ther' now, you can oar'n to St. Naot .now like winkin'. Gor, your 'ands be fine I Yon never done muoh work I know. Yon ca'ant miss the way. There's telegraph boasts all the way to St. Naot. Good night." Andrew's first impulse was to pnt his hiuida in his pocket to find some coppers, bnt he reflected that suoh a prooeeding would not do. Aooordingly lie trudged along the quiet lane carrying his bag on his back. " Only two or three passed him on the way, and tbey took but little notioe of him. It was not uncommon for yonng fellows to be seeking service, most of whom carried their eoanty luggage with them. Before he had gone halfway to St. Neot, night was npon him, but it was by iio means dark. There was a strange charm in everything, too. The air was aoented by a thousand flowers that grew on the hedgssiae, while ever and anon sounds greeted his ear that made him think of fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in the branches of the trees, and again a nightcrow would tell out its mournful tale, seeming ever to be near him, yet all the time far away. Again the wind would play among the leafy boughs, while the little river rippled its mueio over its stony bed. " Every prospsot pleases," thought Andrew. " Surely the people who live here will be contented and happy! Still"—— He heard a sobbing noise, and then a sound of voices. " You'll go 'way. Jack, an' never oome 'ome no more," he heara a girl's voioe eay, —- — • • sbmewhare where I c'n git a pound a week. Then well git married." "But Bill Teague bev got married on less than that. He've only got ten shillin'." "I'knaw that, bnt they'm starvih*. Her zaith to me onnly on Tuesday night, "If I'd knaw'd I wudd'n a got married,' faer smith. Why, they'm in debt to the Johnny fortnight now, and what they'll do cum winter they doan knaw." " Bnt, Jade, I ca'ant bearV " Twan't be long, Jaaney. Thar' now, doant cry." "Bnt, bnt" Andrew felt that he ought not to tear any more, so he gave a alight cough, and ptaaed fay the oouple, wlio stood by a gateway, evidently belonging to Bome farmhotee near. The evening was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave an oooasional chirp as they nestled on the ' twin, the nightcrow' still chattered, the wind still played with leaf and flower, the air was still laden with perfnme, and yet all was different. The yonng girl'e tears had made every thing different. The old story of sadness and disappointment robbed the night of its beauty. Still he tramped on until he saw a grey old tower lift its head into the sky, and presently two or three tiny lights flickered. This will be St. Neot, I expect," he said; "and here I must manage to stay for the night." Hts heart beat rather quickly, for everything was strange. He had never been in tho country alone before, and now the sense of desolation was heavy npon him. Passing by {he churchyard gates he caught sight -of a group of yonths lolling about, -who, when they saw bim, stood and gaped as though he were a curiosity. "Who'sthat?"said one. "Dunnaw," replied another; "never zeed 'ee avore. Tallphap, ed'na.', " I'm goin' to zee wher' a's goin , eaid a third, and then all the group started to follow Andrew. Evidently a new face was a wonder to them, especially if he were a little out of the common. Evidently they had nothing to do and nowhere to go, so they had grouped themselves together in order to find something to interest them. The young man turned around on them. "There's a public-house here, is there not?" "Ther's two." "Which is the best?" " Beat! Why, there's no difierenoe in 'em. Lan'Iord Tommus do kip wan, and Bill Best th' other. There, tha's the Queen's 'Bad." Open-mouthed they followed him until he entered in, then two or three bad the boldness to follow him. Probably the bold ones had a copper or two, and eo could drink; the others having no money would not dare to enter. He found his way into the taproom, and saw the landlord. "Can I have a bed here to-night?" he said. The landlord looked at bim from as if unable to make him out. The rough clothes which Andrew wore did not at all accord with bis fine face and general appearance. " Who be you? 1 he said. "I am come here to look for work," replied Andrew, colouring, " and I want to stay here for the night." " But you ba'ant no farm sarvent, be ee? "No, but I want to be now." The landlord eyed him from head to foot as though in great doubt. Presently his face cleared, and his eyes brightened. " Ah, you've been a sodger I spect, and yer time's up." . . . . Andrew did sob speak, bnt the landlord took his silence for assent. " Thot S3," continued the landlord knowingly, as though he were prond of bis penetration. " I cud see you wad'n a farm labbut. Where ded'ee cum from now ?" " London." " Wha's yer name, un ?" " Andrew Fairfax." He thought it best to give his rea\ name, because thereby he wonld be able to olaim a certain friendliness with tbe people; especially if people remembered his father. "Andrew Fairfax! Be you from this way, then ?" " My father was." " Ah 1" "Heused to farm Trevadlook Farm. Did you know him ?' „ "Knaw'd nn, I ehud think I- ded. But you'll want to go somewhere, want ee? I 'ardly knaw where to put ee. In with the farmers in the parlour, or with the men in the kitohen. You see, yer father was & farmer, and you bain't like the rest of the" " IU go into the kitchen if you dou't mind," said Andrew. "You see, I'll have to work among them." Meanwhile, the news that a sodger" was come to stay the night had spread among those in the kitohen. The servant who bad oome to fetch beer had heard the landlord's question, and as a oonsequence they were on the tiptoe of expectation. A place was made for him on the.settle when he entered, and he was greeted with becoming reverence. In a purely agrioultural district like St. Neot, where there is little or no intercourse with the great towns, * soldier is a great curiosity. On all phytic*) feats he is an oracle, while for knowledge of the world he is better than a newspaper. A soldier can manufacture the most unlikely yarns, bnt the rustics will listen open-mouthed, and the more wonderful the stones the better are thev pleased. A policeman occupies a very high position in their esteem, and they eye his oudgel with wondrous reverence; but a soldier, a man who has handled a sword, he is several stages higher than a policeman, especially if understands the dignity of his position. " Whot'll 'ee 'ave to drink?,' asked one as Andrew took bis seat. "A bottle of gingerbeer, thank yon." " Be'ant teetotaller, be 'ee ?" "For the present, yes." " Oa, I thot yon sodgers was beggars ~ to drink. Where was 'ee last, now 7" "London." "That's a long way?" " Yes, it's a good way, but I wanted to oome here to get work, because my father used to have a farm not far from here.*' "Oa." " Yes, the farm was called Trevadlook. My father's name was Andrew Fairfax." " I knawd un," said an old labourer. " He farmed Trevadlock well, he ded. But he died early; poor chap. An* yqu'ffi the little boy *e« "Yes." "But people zed how that Squire Bernard ded take Andrew's oheeld, and 'dopted un." " He did put me to sohool." * "Oa, I thot so much. And then when you got big enough you went for a sodger?' Andrew did not reply, bnt asked a question instead. " Who farms Trevadlook Farm now?" " Sim Cundy; but tes purty farmin' ov it." "How far is it from here?" " Oa, two mile and a haalf, I spoase. Tei the nearest farm to Ash water." " What's Ashwater ?" " Ath water 1 Why, that's the name of the mansion, ya knaw. Tha's where Mr. Bernard nsed to come sometimes. He oaned the estate when yer pore father was lirin'." " An! and has he sold it?" "What, ded'na tell 'ee? Why, he sould it to a ter'ble rioh ould chap as oumed from India, or some sich plaoe. This man Wt the mansion and oal the land, and oal the farms in wi' it. And dreckly after he bo't it he died, and left it oal to a little maid. That'aaev'l year agone now, and do you know she've nevei bin aid down 'ere." " Indeed! Who lives at the mansion f " Nobody, 'cept the steward, an 1 there's two or three earvants to kip it dean." " And who manages the estate I" " Oa, tV mill Beans, the steward, da do everything. An' he's a skinflint. I tell 'ee. AUays riiin' the tent ha es; while as lor reapers, nobody can't git nuan!" " And what's this yonng lady's name?" " Aw, she's called Miss Lezant, die es." " You've never seen her t you say?" " No; nobody ain't a seed her. All this time tbe half-doun youths and men sitting around had listened open- mouthed to tbe conversation. 'Only one spoke, anil he with a look of YdTBFNftOtf towards the old labourer who had been taHring with Andrew eaid that "Th'oull Tommj wud be a matah fur'n if he twr a sodger." Not long after Andrew went to bed. He remembered that he had sude up hia mind to be np betimes in the mormsg, when he mutt try and get work if poesibU at Trevadlock, the old farm where his father worked, and where his own babyhood had bee& passed. He did not think then o? tbe future that lay before him; he did not jnsam that oountry life wonld be such A ISKMUM. Hapmly • knowledge of the future is kept from us all. 