Ijrmrowtttt THE AUTUMN SESSION, THH tenacity and earnestness of purpose Mr. Gladstone is exhibiting is nothing less than phenomenal in a man of his age. It is evidence of a strength of body and mind that might with some effect be quoted as proof that mankind hare not degenerated from the standard of the ancients. The labour of his constant attendance in the House of Commons, and the wear and tear he goes through there in defending his position! would try the endurance of a much younger man, and little more than half his duties as Prime Minister and leader of a great political party is in that arena. The dignity and calmness with which he performs his great task is not less remarkable. Facing angry opponents who put no restraint whatever on their tongues, who occasionally attack him in terms bitterly vindictive, his demeanour is composed and unruffled. He relies upon the character he has won, the purity of his motives, and the verdict of his country, and imperturbably allows his defamers to rail away at him to their hearts' con- tent. And his judgment as to the result is confirmed by circumstOTes. His assailants have made as little impression on public opinion as they have on the man himself. While serenely observing the vehemence and anger of hie opponents he remains master of the situation, and from that position they are unable to force him by any tactics to which they may resort. Falsehood and obstruction have both alike failed in their purpose. He has beaten down both these weapons, and has come out victor. The Unionists have exhausted their resources in the House of Commons, and Mr. Gladstone has still the ball at his foot. They have obstructed and delayed him in his course, but he has overcome the difficulties, and they cannot now prevent him from pursuing it to the appointed end. He will do this in the autumn session aB effectually as though Mr. Balfour and Mr. Chamberlain had never threatened to prevent him. He may pity them, but he has no occasion to fear them; and even pity would be lost on crass and hardened political sinners of their kind, for they have only themselves to blame that an autumn session has become necessary. They were long since warned that it would be necessary for Parliament to .meet'again towards the end of the year if they persisted in their vain and factious opposition to the will of the country and the wish of the House, and they stupidly ignored the warning till it was proved by the logic of facts that they were no match for the great tactician who so calmly watched their silly efforts to defeat his purpose, and with consummate skill foiled them in every move of the game. Even now they are not taught by experience that a Minister with a majority behind him can always fall back upon the forms and usages of the House with far more effect than an Opposition in a minority. This is one of the first lessons to be gained from Parliamentary history, and yet the Unionists fatuously tarn their back upon it, under the delusion that they can successfully reverse the experience of the past. Under that delusion they threatened a renewal of obstruction if Mr. Gladstone would not take supply, abandon the autumn session and dissolve, and he has replied to their threats by announcing that in- the coming session no motion the object of which is to cause delay will be permitted. He has borne with the obstructionists sufficiently long to satisfy the country that obstruction was their only motive, and consequently he is now in a position in which with, perfect safety he may refuse to any longer tolerate their factious proceedings. He haB now the whip hand of them in every way, and, withproval of the country, ^rwill uie hft powers to carry thjtfmjh i : the~ Houfce' within reasonable timer/the legi for which the couftey( is ft v g <&one; face the constituenbies/witL record, and claim a renewal fidenceof which, despite of extfatffflinary difficulties, he had already proved himself worthy. IF people who give their AMPLIFYING, thoughts to tiie world in prose have not the license allowed the poet they very often take it. Even preachers occasionally : amplify on their text to an extent which takes them far. beyond it, and* journalists inwhom the imagination is well developed and the moral consciousness is kept under convenient control allow themselres considerable license in that way. Headers of tl*? Advocate, least of all, need proofs to jtiiit itffeiet, $s theyhave been set before them in great abundance, these resulting from a lively exercise of a very lively fancy on the part of the Unionists in this quarter of the world. But the subject is one in which the interest never flags, as it has some connection with the evolution theory, on which the minds of men are still unsettled. Its revival in any form' is favourable to the study of mental phenomena, and helps one to understand how the one black crow first seen became three black , oiows, and the sign of ill-luck.-'-wliett. 4he Isolations traveller had . "fallen' iirto »-ver^ X' rt y ditch. In tins plight the genfienf&of; the Press vjbfy r offeft <finfl (jfomsd&s; when they hivtf given'EMe' reitf toMthtir imagination and jmpllfied on J^ejE ^xt the London ^bi^sp^nideiit: W the Argus did when he thwMfefcote-*— The Nationalists, who were so ready to call the attention of Parliament to the incidents at Belfast, had, of oourse, nothing to say to the ontbreak of the Nationalists in certain towns of the south, where the houses of Protestants were stoned—all the windows being smashed—and other damage was done by way of rejoioing over the second reading of the Bill. We contradicted that statement at the time, and our denial is now verified by a writer in United Ireland, who says, in reference to the invention:— Might I suggest to Mr. Hogan and the new "Australian party" that a subject they might profitably turn their attention to is the Australian London 'correspondence ? Tipperary, I am inolined to think, would take more pleasure in seeing mendacities like the above exposed in the House of Commons than in the sucoess of the Austrailian-Honolulu-Canadian Steamship subsidy. We may leave it to Mr. Hogan himself to settle matters with the Insh journal which thus sneers at him and the Australian party. That does not much concern us, as the sneer will not hurt Mr. Hogan. We only wish to show the danger which attends an amplification of the text or a deliberate departure from it. Another illustration of it occurred recently, when the Argus reported that the CatholioB made an attack on the Protestants in the "County" Conne mara. And here is one more from the Age of Monday:— LONDON, 3rd September. The bitter feeling between Irish Catholios and Orangemen has beenipoatly intensified by the actual passing pf iheHMne RuljB^ill by the House of CominQns, Yesterday there 'tfere a number of titniniltuous demonstration/] of (kt&rjtjD; fi&Qng; i in Ireland, and senoi^s. riote~bbfctirrt«Hn HpuntieB of Clare ahd ^own. At Gi; the Biver Bann, in Down,2h? the upper hand, and oompl.<H<MiM&4a the Orangemen's hall and thepriTMeiioases of five prominent Orangemen. We do not suppose that Clare has been carried out of Monster into Ulster, and if there has been no such big landslip up a hill and over all the intervening counties, it would be just as reasonable to expect a collision between Orangemen and Catholics in a Catholic church as in Clare. It might happen from an importation of Salisbury-Balfour pets into the fine county that led the way to emancipation, but only by the landslip process, or by transplantation, could it be brought about, and with the pen only are Unionist journalists capable of per forming wonders or miracles. MB. SIBIS is a dis- THE BOYAL satisfied man. Since HONEYMOON, it became plain to him that he could not succeed—and more is the pity—in keeping Sir Charles Dilke out of public life, or force the discredited baronet to bring him into court for libel, he has not been himself at all. His dabbling in the occult sciences has brought him no peace of mind. The extensive acquaintance he has made with ghosts, and the Inowledge he has obtained from .spirit land, have in no way conduced to his contentment, and the gloomy nature of his mystic stndies generally $npears to have soured hisviewsonxnost 'mundane questions. :lfot even a royal uGuriage, with all its suggestive national M? domestic reflections, sufficed to raise spirits. Be viewed the whole thing through coloured glasses, and, after finding,fault with the arrangements for the public spectacle, he looked to a most nlik<" unlikely quarter for some, oonsolation by kindly turning his attention to Ire-, land, where the fruition of a coming hope is still but a promise,' and wherpthe people are not.asyet in a mood to accept a small act of royal favour as a reparation for long years of .royal neglect. ".Then again,'"Mr; Stead asks, " why could the young couple not have been induced to anend'their hoiieymoonin Ireland ? , Thejr could have beenj as private afe they phased. The. mefce' factthat the young: couple hadb^en .induced to tejjiti thfclr ' inarried life on Irish:«b11 wonld liajre pleased everyone, t jBpt, obvious thing to do, it is not to be done, and [Royalty once more throws away one of its trump cards." This is very much a matter of opinion. To us it seems that, strong otherwise as the hand of royalty may have been, it held no snch trump as Mr. Stead supposed. There is something much more important than a royal visit to be done for Ireland before her people will be at all disposed to forget as well as forgive the past, or at all inclined to throw up theircaps in thanks giving for very small mercies. IT is a somewhat CATHOLIC striking fact that, at a SCHOLARSHIPS, time when the State has had to give up all its richly-endowed scholarships, the Catholics of Victoria are still providing out of their poverty for!no fewer than fifteen scholarships of £40 for pupils in Catholic primary schools. The Catholic Young Men's Society has this year to provide for two of these, owing to one of their scholarship pupils having matriculated. An edifying incident in this connection has to be recorded. It is found to be a very hard task to the young men to provide £80 in this year of stress and depression, when so many of their number are out of work, and it is not wonderful, therefore, that the ordinary means ^have failed. In this emergency, at a meeting of the Federal Council held on Sunday last in St. Patrick's Hall it was unanimously resolved by the Council that all the members of all the federal branches be invited to observe " A Week of Self-denial," and to pay to their respective branches the small coins thus saved as a contribution to the funds of the Catholic Young Men's Scholarship. It is urged that if every member who drinks and smokes will abstain for one week and give the week's average expenditure to the Scholarship Fund, it will relieve the Federal Executive of embarrassment. The members of the council have adopted the idea with zeal, and promised to urge it on all the branches. IN his " History of Our THE COST Own Times," Mr. Justin OF M'Carthy says of the EOYALTY. Duke of Clarence before he ascended the throne :— "He had again and again disregarded or disobeyed orders, and at last it had been found convenient to, withdraw him from active service altogether, and allow him to rise through the ranks of his profession by a merely formal and technical process of promotion." And this, with only slight variations, is the way in which the scions' of royalty are raised in the army or the navy, from the lowest step in the ladder to the highest. With little variation the practice is all the same wherever monarchy exists. If the child be a prince he is gazetted to some regiment while yet in swaddling clothes, and his promotion is then rapid till he becomes a general, or possibly a field-marshal, or commander of the forces. When the little farce is played abroad, and he has been taken out of long clothes, he is put on special occasions into a uniform, and he is so presented to a delighted populace with a string of orders on his breast, the said populace overlooking the fact that theyoung soldier's payis regularly drawn according to rank from the public treasury, and is so paid out of the taxes of the country. That may seem a small thing, but when the olive branches of a royal house can be counted by the score, and from their boyhood they are all quartered on army and navy, and their promotion to the fattest sinecures is rapid, to the injury of veterans in the service who have won their spurs by long and hard service, the caBe is veiy different. As a question of some interest the cost of royalty is then concerned and it may turn out in time of trial that the cost is not merely a question of pounds, shillings, and pence. Where there is promotion iu army or navy regardless of merit, the consequences in time of war might be disastrous, and that merit is not one of the claims to promotion where royalty is concerned every one knows. Unly lately the Duke of Connaught was promoted to an army post above his seniors in the service. Mr. Campbell- Bannerman, Secretary for Warf admitted that there were several officers in the army senior in standing to the Dnke. and eligible for the command in question, and that their claims had been in a manner superseded by the appointment of the Duke. And all he could imy in defence of the order was that it would have been difficult to rearrange the military commands, as w^uld have been necessary had the officer^ Senior to , his Royal Highness not been jpasspd flyer. .This, of course, was a^ere empty «*cuse for the preference, ^which. deceives no, ono. The acffrievedT officers, ?Momei ' whom/unlikethe^dke' of have seen active service, and won bv personal bravery the medals they wear, will have " to suffer injustice nip the silence one ich they could obtain for j u*"., vuoj uuuiu uuiom no reareas if it occurred to them to look for The scandal was mentioned in the House of Commons, where " some of the members objected to the appointment and referred slightingly to the Dnke's services in the campaign in Egypt in XS84 tor which he received the thanks of Parliament." The Daily News, as we further learn,'condemned the appoint, ment, and spoke deprecatingly of the princes of the Royal Family monopolising public posts of honour and emolu< ment. But it will be all to no purpose in this generation. Even if Mr. Labouchere got a return of the moneys paid by the Horse Guards or Admiralty to the princes of the- Eoyal 'blbod,^ and to foreign leeches, of ..that rank foisted on the nation, Aufcthe amount were, as we believe it ifofala be,«tMtling,4own-tti;the fifth generation, if "Hfcr- 'Majesty should' survive to Bee*ii, the drain will g6 on, and the country Wii}' .g^tT little more for it than a display *ofigoi$feoas" "uniforms and empty decorations. What the cost of royalty is, wherever it exists, the unfortunate taxpayer has but little idea. SOCBATES had his MB, STEAD AND familar spirit, and IBELAND. why should not Mr. Stead, of the Review of Seviern, have his also P Why, indeed, for Mr. Stead has quite as good an opinion of himself as others had of the Grecian philosopher. Anyhow, Mr. Stead has settled the matter for himself, as he has linked to himself in spiritual bonds a departed soul named Julia, who does all sorts of wonderful things for him, even to writing articles for him by guiding his hand unconsciously to himself. When Professor Huxley discovered that morality was nothing but a product of atoms, we gaped a little at the impenetrable profundity of his knowledge; but what is it, after all, to the experience of Mr. Stead, who has his Julia to in- spire his thoughts on ordinary occasions, and in extraordinary circumstances to even spare him the trouble of thinking P This world evidently is played out, and mankind is about to enter in its common life into quite a different sphere of existence. Mr. Stead is the first to experience the change, and it iB only natural in that case that a change in the man himself should accompany the change in his state of existence. And so it happens. Before Julia attached herself to him he was a staunch Home Suler, and loyally supported Mr. Gladstone. Since he renewed, on more intimate terms, the acquaintance he formed with Julia in the flesh he has been a constant fault-finder with Mr. Gladstone and his policy. He has not altogetherthrownover Home Rule, but he had better for the cause have done so, for by his captious criticism he is doing it more injury than good. If all his objections had been met, not much of the scheme would have remained, and then he would have had the little that was left refined down to the irreducible minimum before it was sent up to the House of Lords. A skeleton, and that one wanting some of its most important parts, would have best pleased him, and we cannot but suspect that Julia has prompted the - 'effr&sculation.; It is doubtful^th'at.'^ocsra^s^'^got his wisdom/tjriHn" his familiar/^nothing to thai •'•' pftec^ (having., cpmej down to us, I Igit itA y©fc ; bej questioned thap^hat Mr. Stead : has^ot from Julia is notVyrMtp^"^^ among his frifendg^s Vetjr^sirbng that she is leading him theo^Cer way, and there is some fear that the end of the journey will not-be an abode of sages. THE great work Catholic INDIA. missionariesin India have already accomplished, and the infinitely larger work that still lies before them, makes everything that deeply concerns that empire within an empire a matter of importance to all Catholics. And just now there is likely once again to be some change of rather a decided character in Indian policy. This conquered country is held by the sword, and only by the sword can it be defended from foes within, or without. There is no great question Of policy involved in the ifrst case; there is in the second, some military authorities advocating what is known as a forward j>olicy; others contending that the frontier should be the first, as well as the chief, line of defence. Lord [Roberts voices the former contention, and Lord Unejmsford the latter, his view of the case .bemgihat, desirable though it is that the friendship of the Ameer should be preserved, and Afghanistan remain a of buffer State, an English army should p° ne - 8tep^ Afghanistan, even if the Russians had advanced upon Herat s»d threatened Candabar. He contends that there would be no' danger whatever to India even if Bussia occupied Afghanistan, and that the Ameer should accordingly be made to understand that he should be prepared to defend his own territory without looking to England for assistance. On the question at issue we would not presume to offer an opinion. What we wish to point out is the significance which attaches to the appointment of Sir Henry Norman as Governor- General of India. He was for years identified with the Government of India either in a civil or military capacity. He is thoroughly well acquainted with the country and all that pertains to the administration of affairs there, and he favours the policy of which Lord Chelmsford is a chief advocate. More larger participation in the <g<Wterniftferit the country thariyhftd; been previously allowed them. LoM Ripp^T^Bsrffkea that it would be more gene«aifuJad-«ven safer, to win the allegiance of the natives than to command it, or, taking another view of the case, to purchase it by services condescendingly and imperiously performed. This again is a very debateable question, the opposite side to which has been very strongly taken up by Lord Roberts. However the question in dispute may be regarded, it is clear that Sir Henry Norman has been selected for the high post conferred on him because his sympathies are with thoBG of the Liberal Party in relation to the government of India; and remembering the deep hold Lord Ripon secured upon the affections of the natives, it may be anticipated that the policy the new Governor-General is certain to revive in a short time will be no less successful. The garrison advanced to Quetta may not be recalled, but British soldiers are not likely to be sent forward to repress unruly tribes in the direction of the inhospitable Pamir plateau at a cost in life, health, and money for which no adequate compensation can be foreseen. China and Afghanistan will be-left to deal with Russia at this point, if they think it worth their while to do so; and if not, then let Russia determine for herself whether the game is worth the candle. 