TRAPPE] BY HIhIIELF5 t TOLD BT AN EXSDETECTIVR. Some ten years since the newspapers re ported a daring attempted bank Robbery and the singular capture of the burglar, and the illustrated weeklies gave portraits of all the actors in the drama, inoluding that of " Nip," a bulldog that played an important partin the matter. As the story is of an interesting if not exciting nature, it will bear being told again; and who can better tell it than the detective engaged in the case? S"Mr Bonsor," said Mr Davey, the chair anrn of the Britannia Bank. one afternoon to the manager, "I am obliged to go into Cornwall to look up some of the mining property that we are interested in there. I shall leave town to-night, and shall probably be gone for a month. "Next Thursday we have, at you know, to settle with the heirs of old Mr Clarke, and you had better get the watchman to let you into the vault some night before the day of settlement, so that you can look over the securities and compare them with the inven tory. "I ask you to undertake this duty because it is a matter of great importance, involving !, ?.~.a-!E:.I,~·.d because you are fully acquainted with the names and values of the various stocks and other effects. In'fact, although it will take three or four hours to examine all the securities, I do not feel justified in entrusting this task to anyone but yourself." "All right, sir," said Mr Bonsor. "I'll attend to the matter, and speak to Donovan, the watchman, to-night. so that he can be prepared to let me in. Good-bye, and a safe and prosperous journey." " Thank you," said the chairman, and went his way. As he went out he noticed a man, very quietly dressed, who was getting a note chaaged into gold. The man seemed to be deeply engaged in counting the coins the teller had given him; but in passing, Mr Davey saw him raise his head and throw a sharp glance at the manager, who was standing at the entrance to the bank parlor. There was something in the stranger's face that reminded Mr Davey very strongly of the manager, and the likeness so impressed him that lie turned his head two or three times on his way to the door to get another view of the man. The stranger, meanwhile, had finished counting his money, and placed it in a large purse. which he thrust into an inner pocket. As he did so he took more careful note of Mir Bonsor's features; then he walked out of the bank. On his way home that day, after the close of business, the manager stopped at the house of the bank's night watchman, Michael Donovan. Donovan was the solo support of his mother and a young brother and *ister. hlis home was a neat and tidy one, although its ap ointments were the rever'e of luxurious. He was ano old soldier, having served in the Inniskillen Dragoons for fifteen years. He was now forty years old, and had served the tank for seven years. • His honesty, fidelity, and general good character were un questioned. He and Mr Bonsor were great friends, not withstanding the disparity in social position, the bondof sympathy between them being a mutual fondness for bulldogs, of which the manager had several and the watchman one -Nip by name-which was particularly savage and belligerent. In answer to the manager's knock, the watchman himself came to the door. At sight of his friend his face brightened. "Sure, an' is it you, Mr Bonsor?" lie said, cheerily. "Come in, sir. I'm just making ready to go down to the bank." "Thank you, said Bonsor. "But I'm anxious to get home to dinner, and only came to tell you that on next Wednesday night I'll be down to the bank at eight o'clock, and I want you to be ready to let me in at oncewhen I ring. I have been in structed by Mr Davey to do certain work which.will probahbly detain me in the vault for several hours." "AlUright, sir: I will let you in," said D)onovan. "How are the dogs?" " Going on all right," was the answer. "And Nip ?" " He's first rate-as lively and as fierce as ever. I'll bring him up to the bank on Wednesday night." " I wish you would : I'd like to see him. Di you think he'll be friendly and remember me ?" " Indeed he will, sir. Nip never forgets a friend-or a toe, for that matter. He'd know you if you was painted up like a red Indian." " Very well; remember Wednesday night," said Bonsor : and he walked away. Itobert Bonsor was a batchelor, and re sided in very comfortable lodgings. Ha was not only careful in business matters, but methodical in his manner of living also. He generally drank a single glass of whisky and water at one particular tavern before dinner, and a glass of brandy and water afterwards, when he smoked a single good nr'consequened of his. visit to the watch. man's house, he had to go a little out of his way to reach this hostelry to-night, and he walked briskly, so as to reach bome in time for dinner. A pedestrian on the other side of the street kept pace with him until they came to a main thoroughfare, when he crossed, and kept close to the manager's heels. When Bonsor reached the tavern where he was accustomod to stop, he pushed open the door; the man followed him, and was the firsttoreach the bar. " Ah, Mr Bonoor," he said, turningto face the manager, "just in time ! Will you join me " " T'hank ?on," said Bonsor, not recog. nising the man as an acquaiutmane, but ima. gining him to be one of the bank's uonstomers, " if you will take a cigar with meafterwards. Iconfine myself to oe drink before dinner and one glass after that meal, and I have not yet dined." "So do I,'" said the stranger, cheerily. " find that it helps mte after a day's work, andas Inever abuse it, it does me no harm. ])id Mr Davey get away to-day? He told me yesterday that lie was going down to Cornwall."' " ie leaves to- night," was the answer. And then, when the barmaid had served the whisky, the two men drank it. After this they had cigars, and walked up the street together. The next night they met again at the same place, and the night following, and the night after that. They became quite friendly, in fact; and Bontor was not at all surprised when, upon leaving his Indgings at about half- past 7 o'cloc?k on the night that be was to examine~the securities, he came face to face-with kih flew~made friend, turninr a corner a short distance from his home. They greeted each b~her, and stopped for a few minutes to talk. " Iy the way," said the man, finally, "a business friend of mine sent me a case of rare champagne to-day. It is simply unap proachable. I should like you to taste it, and if you are not too much pressed for time, you might come with me now. I have quar ters a few doors down the street." " I have only a minute or two to spare," said gonser, lookling at his watch. "I'm due at the bank at 8 o'clock, and I always like to be punctual." "That is my way also. I always like to keep an appointment to the minute. But I won't keep you long," said his interlocutor. They walked half way down the street halting at last in front of a nice-looking hlouse. The man opened the door with a latch-key, and isherel Bonsor into a room on the econd floor in whichl the gas was burning dimly. When the light was turned up, the stranger noticed that the apartment was faurnished ltxuriously, yet in good tste, and was separated from anotlher room, probably a bodchamber, by heavy velvet ourtains. " Excuse me a moment," said the owner of the apartment; and he disappeared into the inner room, while Bonsor turned to ex amine some choi-e engravings that hung on the walls. So engrossed was he that he did not hear a light footfall; hobut auddenly his arms were pinioned to his. sides, and a shawl of some dark, thick material was thrown over his head and made fast round hIis neck. Ho struggled to eacape, and endeavored to cry for help, but when he opened his moutlh he was nearly suffocated by thie fumes of the chloroform with which the cloth around his head was saturated. He was of slender make, and no match, physically, for the man, who held him as in His senses began to leave him, and his I struggles grow fainter. Finally his head dropped to one side, and the man laid him upon the floor, removed the .ahawl, and placed a gag in his mouth. Then, after emptying the manager's pockets, he bound him securely hand and a foot, and lifting him in his arms, bore him y into the inner room and laid him upon the bed. a '!That trick was neatly played." he t chuckled to himself, as he came out into the sitting- room, and, aftcr lighting a reading- ' lamp, gathered up the articles taken from Bonsor's pockets and proceeded to examine them. There was a bunch of keys, several letters s and cards, a purse containing several pounds I in gold and silver, a gold watch and pencil- ` case, and a note-book. He slipped the keys and the money into his I pocket, a~It exchanged his own timepiece for Bonsor's . stch and chain. Then he, .erefully scanned the pages of the note- book. It was arranged in diary form, with a page for ,.ery day in the year. On the top line of . ".h there was a cabalistio t arrangement of . ". rs and numbers. He turned to the la-' . rtry-the entry of that day, the 23rd oat ovember-and an ex clamation of satiste, ion escaped him. " It is as I thought," he said. " This is the vaultlock combination. It is changed every day. The safes inside are of ordinary t make, and my skill will soon open them. He opened the note-book in his pocket and returned to the room where the insensible manager lay. Lighting the gas, and sitting down by the bedside, he carefully studied the features of his prisoner. Then, with a box, auch ass used by actors for holding the pigments and other requisites necessary in 1 making.up their faces, in his lap, and with a t small mirror before him, he skilfully touched up his own features until they were the 1 counterpart of Bonsor's. " Good !" he said, finally, lying back in in his chair and looking at himself in the a glass. "I think I am sufficiently like Mr Robert Bonsor to deceive his own mother." t He turned his head for a last glance at the manager's face, and found that the latter's Seyes were open. e " a, ha !" he said, with a chuckling laugh. "You find yourself in rather an un comfortable position. I'm sorry to leave ; you, but I have urgent business at the bank. a You'll rest here very securely, if not very e comfortably, until the chambermaid comes e to-morrow morning to attend to the room. You'll probably feel a little weak and in need a of a drink when you are discovered, so I'll e leave the promised bottle of champagne out n on the table for you. Help yourself; n don't wait for me ! Ta-ta, old man ?" f And with another chuckling laugh, he turned out the gas and left the room. Patting on the manager's hat, and taking e up a stout leather bag, which was evidently heavy, the fellow left the room, looking the if door behind him, end hurried to the bank. i Meanwhile, Donovan, the watchman, with Nip, the baulldoc, in leash and closely muzzled e -for the animal had an unfortunate habit of e nipping at the legs of passers-by, hence its il name-had arrived at the Britannia Bank, relieved the day watchman, and made him in self comfortable for the night. is A little nook in one corner of the vault room was fitted up for the watchmen's use, with a table, chair and grate, in which n fire was brightly burning. Puttin oilff his own 0 coat and batt, he donned a uniform coat and 0 cap; then, lighting his pipe, he sat down for f. a quietsmoke. I- Nip, who had been released from leash and muzzle, lay down at his master's feet, and to t the dogr Donovan thus addressed himself : iI "Nip. old fellow, if we had the ten a thousandth part of what's in this here vault, te we'd he fixed for life. But we'll never have e it. If I had, say, a hundred pounds now, Y Nip, I'd marry NNellie Tibbits to-morrow, take a little shop in a good neighborhood, e and between that and the bank we'll all get et along splendidly, and "I- Bunt his spoken thoughts were interrupted I, by a sharp whirr of a bell in the banking g room up stairs. At the sound, he sprang to his feet and laid down his pipe. m " It's Mr Bonsor," he said. " Lie down ly there, Nip ;" and he hurried up the stairs to Y admit the manager. it "Is it you, Mr Bonsor F" he asked, 'e cautiously, through the big keyhole in the I- massive front door. " Yes, Donovan," came the answer ; It and thewatchman at once swung the door open. i" You're a little late, sir," he said, glancing at the electric clock in the banking room. "I was detained," answered the pre 's tended Bonsor, placing his bag on the n table in the hall and thrusting his hands into his pockets. ! As Donovan turned to relock the door, d the man's hands were quickly withdrawn, upraised and suddenly descended. ` A weapon that had been provided for just d this emergency-the professional " skull. d cracker"-fell with a dull thud upon the watchman's head, and without a groan the y poor fellow sank to the floor. "Ah, thatdisposes of you for the time," gleefully ejaculated the burglar. to Taking a stout cord from his bag. he it bound Donovan as he had previously bound Bonsor, and placed in his mouth a duplicate d of the gag that had prevented the manager a from crying out for help. Then, dragging 1r the man's unconscious body to one side, he d descended the stairs that led to the vault. room. A few seconds' manipulation of the knob if onthe doorof thevault, guidedby thecabalistio d letters and figures in the manager's note u book, which he held open in one hand, caused the look to respond, and the ponderous door it slowly swung open. n He stepped into the vault and cast an eager it glance around. Before he had time to do more there came a muffled growl from the 0 depths of the strong room, and Nip, with a gleaminr fangs and flashing eyes, bounded e towards him. " Curse the brute !" snarled the man. e And to protect himself from this unex n pected foe-he had left his revolver in the bar--he pulled the bigdoor to. As it swung iinto place he heard something give an ominous click, and a cry of horror escaped , him. For a moment he was overcome, and then d the instinot of self-preservation asserted t itself, and he ceutiously pushed against the door. It did not yield to the presesure, and be pushed harder. It remained as firm as adamant, and horriblecursee and imprecations Sfell fromnt the trapped man's lips. " Caged, trapped. done for by my own act, like the fool that 1 am," he cried, "and my tools are all outside! The bolts tell into 1 position when the door closed. May the r devil take the dog!" t And then, with a howl of anguish, he threw his body violently again and again upon the unyielding barrier. He cursed, shouted and prayed by turns, but toe sound of his voice wentno further I than the steel walls of his prison. I Finally, in sheer desperation, he threw himself upon the floor, exhausted with his vain efforts to regain hisliberty. In the meantime, Donovan had returned to consoioasness, and, reallsing that he had been duped, and that the treasurethathe was paid to guard was in jeopardy, he struigled desperalcly to break the bonds that bound him. He writhed and twisted, and pulled and tugged, and at length, after what seemed hours of exertion, succeeded in loosing one of his hands. To completely releasehimself aid remove the gag from his mouth wasnow an eaesymatrticr. He got upon his feet with difilnulty, for a horriblopain wasracking his head. He felt faint and dizzy, and his limnbs were stilT and Cocking his revolver, he creptdown the stairs into the vault-renm. Nip, who lhad beeo crouched before the door, bounded forward to meet him, and then t ran back with a savtge griwl. The watchman saw the, burlar's leather hag lyinig open on the floor, and then the I situation nwas plain to him. "Tlhank Heaven I" he exclaimed. " The t fool has trapped himself, and the funds of the bank are safe." He pounded on the door of the vault, and the burglar, hearing the sound, epranu up and beguon to hatmuier vigorously on his side of the barrier. "Open, open !" he shouted. Iut Donovan heeded him nrot. Leaving the dog on guard, thie watchman iurried I1 heck up stairs, intending to go in search of a i policeman. u Sutddenly thore was theioharp whirr of the c electrio bell, and, revolver in hand--for his a late experience had taught him caution- n )onovcn opened the street door. Instantly Mr lIotor sprang in. 'the watclihman ro. coiled from him as though confronted by ghost. "What ! Mr Bonsor!" he mjaoulated. c "I thought-I thought-. Who, then i And then, in his joy ot finding that the real Mr Boneor was not the villain appear A ances laid himnt to believe, he broke down completely, and begun to sob. "The burglar?-- tho burglar F" gasped P Bonsor, unable to sty more in his excite ment. I "Safdly locked up in the vault, with Nip on guard over him. Thank Heaven it's not you, sir !"' answeredDounovan. Then he explained how he had been de ceived, and showed the manacer the weapon with which he had been knocked down. Talking thus, they reached the street, where they soon discovered a constable, to whom Mr Bonsor, in a few words, explained why his services were required. The manager's timely appearance upon the I scene was brought about in this way: After I the burglar's departure he had managed to wriggle from the bed to the floor, bound ashe was, and rolling over and over, had at last reached the door of the outer room. On its panels he kicked vigorously until the noise attracted the attention of one of the servants who was passing on her way to the kitchen. It so happened that this servant was none other than Nellie Tibbits, the watchman's sweetheart, and, being a courageous girl, she unlocked the door. When she saw the manager's plight, she screamed for help. Two of the lodgers and the landlady-the place was a private lodging- house of a 1 superior kind-at once came to his assistance r and released Mr Bonsor. Stammering out his story, and borrowing I a hat from one of his deliverers, he hurried with what speed he could to thebank, though dazed and faint from the effects of the a burglar's rough treatment. He could not imagine how the fellow -had a been so foolish as to lock himself in the vault,1 a but Donovan explained the matter. - " It was all Nip's doings, I think, air," he i said. "The fellow deceived me-for I am 0 ashamed to say that I thought it was you, sir, and the likeness is very great- but he could a not deceive Nip. Good old dog !" e The constables-another one had arrived r the watchman, and the manager now went down to the vault in a body, and Mr Bonsor, wholuckily had a duplicate list of the com binations, anlocked the door. - The..burtlar made no resistance, and, handcuffed securely, was taken to the nearest police station. After his remand from the police.court I was instructed to find out whether he was s" known" as a former criminal. I recognised . him as an old offender, just out of prison, d whose acquaintance I had more than once 11 made officially. For this latest exploit he was sentenced to a long term of penal servi Stude. The bank directors rewarded the dog's master with a present of a hundred pounds, 15 and Mr Daveoy, the chairman, out of his pri vate pocket, completely furnished a neat lg house in a new neighbourhood, on the y ground-floor of which the watchman opened 30 a groeer's-hop, which Miss Nellie Tibbits th or, rather, Mrs Donovan- assisted by Dono van's mother, looked after. of Mr ennser still smokes his after-dinner cigar and drinks hiapost-prandialbrandy and water : but remembering what serious conse. quences might have resclted from his indul S ence in the other habit, he has completely eichewed the before-dinner drink of whisky. And in this he is wise, for theobvious moral e, to be drawn from his experience is : Never re drink with strangers, whether before or after \- dinner.-" Weekly Budget." 