THE ESSAYIST, YASTNE88 ASD LITTLE1JE8S. One proof of the Progress of Peoples is thai nil are expanding in their ideas. Like our houses, our wants, and our designs, they get bigger and bigger. But ideas of vastness are not ideas of exactness. Man bang finite himself bounded by the narrow niorgin allowed to his senses and his intellect, somewhat resembles the frog in the fable when he seeks to go beyond his narrow limits and aspires at vastness. To quote from Artemus Ward, a man who attempts too much generally "slops over." All vast designs in man " slop over," occasioning a great deal of mis chief pain, tronble, and misery. Alex ander, wbo sought to conquer the whole world; Caesar, who did the same. Charles the Twelfth ; everyone indeed, as Johnson has it in his " Vanity of Human Wishes," from the Macedonian madman to the Swede, and from the Swede to Napoleon Bonaparte, all " slop over." They try to do too much, and they hardly succeed in doing even the little good that they were born for; nevertheless, mankind stands by and applauds. Let yonr designs be vast, and what will not mankind forgive you ? In scholarship, learning, painting, and indeed in all the Arts vastness is generally fatal. We have an old proverb, " Jack of all trades, master of none." The great men are content to know one thing well; the little ones attempt too much. Thus Lord Bacon, content with his Natural Philosophy, did not attempt to excel in the minute learning of law, and in bis own sphere he is a king. Bnlwer Lytton had a restless genins and a vast imagination. For, as Lamb said of Defoe, we may say of Bnlwer, only Bulwer bad more! ambition and less purpose than Defoe :— His was a various pen, that freely roved Into all subjects, was in most approved. Whate'er the theme, his ready muse obey'd • Love, Courtship, Politics, Religion, Trade. Gifted alike to shine in every sphere, Novelist, Historian, Poet, Pamphleteer. Truly, Admirable Crichton, who could : do everything, from fencing, jomping, j riding, running, swimming, singing, playing, to painting a picture or writing a sonnet, would not do for this age. Many men have that universal hind of talent which will fit them for many offices, but the true genius succeeds only well in one, for Art is long and time very short. In theology vastness seems to us to have been subversive of much truei piety ; it has turned many to atheism. ! When we know that what we see iB only an infinitesimal part of what is, that aronnd us and above us System into system runB, And other planets circle other suns, surely we are puzzled. Can God regard man under these circumstances ? Some infidels have asked this question and have sadly said, " No. Alas! the world moves on, God-forsaken ; in His vast, immeasurable designs, shut up in the Golden Palace of the Sun, He regards not our misery. We are so small, so weak, that God forgets us or only lets us live in the general design of His work." But these men are sadly silly or sillily sad. God is not a queen, nor a general, nor a duke. He has nothing to do with a " general super intendence ;" He does all. It would be to limit the intelligence of our Lord and God in a ridiculous degree to suppose" ihftt tko cob of cbild or the 'whispered prayer of the widow Is not heard and noted by the Father of alL We have no need to " cry alond" to Him; a whisper or a silent wish will do. And as to local vastness. Here we are hung'in infinite space. Let ns try to comprehend the vastness of the Sun and the years upon years that light from some distant planets, with all its rapidity, has taken to travel to ns. Let 9s add up the many tons of coal that are consumed to keep up the furnace of a 50-gun frigate, and then think by what miracle that perpetual combustion of a globe, which is 95,611,097 miles away from us, -is sustained, the mass of which globe is transcendency greater than that of the earth, the moon, and all the known planets put together, and which has a diameter of nine hundred thousand miles ! Had we not better remain silent and not speculate into which quarter we shall go ? Here is the sun, for which we may be fitted, one million four hundred times bigger than our earth—which, by the way, is neither fully populated nor exhausted yet; and then, as if the world of the dead was not wide enough, some philosophers believe that our ghosts will be but miniature copies of our bodies floating abont in countless numbers—like motes and midges that people the sunbeam. So wonderfully vast is God's work; so small the brain of man, active and brilliant as it is, that we are more puzzled as we go further. But vastness does not consist in big ness only ; should we master that, there is the infinitely little. Let us imagine, if we can, that the very dust of rare beauty on a butterfly's wing is, to say the truth, feathers. Let us know, as the microscope will tell us, that in every drop of water we take up we shall find life, and that in the putrid or stagnant pond-water are millions npou millions of living creatures, rapacious, cruel, every instant of their little lives of war, peace, and joyance. A .boy of 15, who keeps water in a phial until it is putrid —and oat of nothing Nature, which Is but the agency of God, has bred thou sands—knows more now than Plato ever knew, more perhaps than even the patriarchs dreamed of. But what he knows he is equally unable to grasp. He can tell in the jargon of the schools the how and the when ; he can misname the facile reason of man Science, but he cannot tell why and wherefore. The truth is that Man is a very weak animal, limited in his capacities, although almost infinite in his ambition. Too much light blinds him, too much noise deafens him ; at too great a height he turns sick and giddy. The infinitely great he is unable to understand ; the infinitely little is equally beyond his comprehension. " For him safely to know a matter it should be of th'e middle kind, neither too big nor too little. Yastness is truly uusuited to man. Big ships like the Great Eastern arc all very grand, Eat they are not snccessfal; vast fortancs may be acquired, bnt by them the possessor is rendered miserable and indeed often mad ; great farms are not so well worked as moderate-sized ones ; great kingdoms and states have very happily a general tendency to split up and fall to pieces. In fact, that dream of many ambitions people, centralization, is foreign in principle to man. When all the power is centred in one head, that head need never sleep. It is better to have compact, homogeneous, and concentred States, where people for the most part think and feel alike, and therein they t»n act, to a certain extent, On an . identity of interest, la theology, in politics, in traded even .in natural philosophy, the brain of man1 can grasp but a certain quantity safely ; bis power is limited ; and he had best abandon all dreams of the illimitable. and the vast, and keep himself safely .within the bounds of the hnowable. / 