WHY HE NEVER MARRIED The water party was over, and the long summer day was drawing to its lingering close. The wings of the chickens had flown away to join the legs and breasts of all the birds that have been eaten since man first dis covered the fact that cold fowl is good to eat; the pink flesh of the avenging lobster, half- hidden in its leafy retreat, like the rosy limbs of a bashful nymph taking refuge from indiscreet eyes in a riverside thicket, had been dragged forth and devoured, and was now beginning to fulfil its dreadful mission; the champagne and the claret cup and the whisky and the soda water, were all drunk, and one of the youngest of | the guests was in something like the same condition, though his mother persisted in attributing his symptoms solely to the fatigues of the day. The laughing girls, in their serge dresses and silk shirt fronts, and the bronzed, athletic la3s in their flannels and tan shoes, had distributed them selves in the different boats and the flotilla was drifting down the long reaeh in straggling procession. In the leading boat a musical person with a banjo was performing a rudimentary version of a too popular song, and begging the oarsmen to " throw their weight ou it when be came to the .boom."' A soft wind that rose with the setting sun blew gently up the river and ruffled the surface into tiny waves, the shadows of the tall poplars that stood here and there on the margin lav right across the stream, the moon was climbing higher and higher in the opal sky, and the ghostly bats, waking from their long sleep, were beginning to flit about like scraps of paper in a high wind. A hundred yards behind the boat which contained the servants and empty hampers a punt dropped slowly down the stream, its two occupants seeming to avoid the noisy gaiety and | rather pronounced flirtations of the j younger members of the party. She, j a charming matron, whose girls (still j in the schoolroom) and boys (not yet approaching manhood) left her plenty j of time to take an interest in the affairs of her neighbors ; and he, a j middle-a^ed man, whose careful dress ; and well-preserved attractions seemed to show that his chief, if not his only, eare in life was that interesting per- | sonality-hiuiself. "It was very clever of you to capture that punt, Major Singleton," the lady remarked, settling herself more luxuriously among the cushions. " I know Mrs. Luxmore wanted that eldest girl of hers to have it. She was trying so hard, poor thing, to get Mr. Willis to offer to take her. He looked fo relieved when he saw you get in. In another minute I believe she d have asked him." Major Singleton laughed compla cently as he straightened the craft, and then let himself down on the floor till his long legs stretched halfway down the length of it. " I should have left him to his fate though," he said, " if I hadn't seen your imploring glance. Who knows what might have happened if I'd trusted myself alone with that deter- : inined-lookiiig young woman ? She : looks capable of any thing-from punt- j ing to proposing marriage." i " She is," Mrs. Farquhar, with con- i viction. " She's verving on the des peration of nine-and-twenty, aud 110 man under"-she made an almost imperceptible pause, and looked under her eyelashes at her companion " under forty-six is safe from her.'"' " I believe six-and-forty's a very susceptible age," he said, stroking his moustache, and wondering whether she had noticed how grey it was. " In i a year or two I shall have to begin to look out very carefully for my own safety." " What humbugs men are," thought Mrs. Farquhar to herself. " And yet they talk of the vanity of women ! He's fifty if he's a day. How was it you never married ?" she asked aloud. " Because I never met Mrs. Far quhar till it was too late," said Single ton, gallantly, but insincerely. The lady blushed a little, and smiled a little gratified smile. Then she thought of her long-legged girls at home, and she frowned austerely. " Major Singleton !" she said with dignity. " Well, Mrs. Farquhar ?" " I asked you a question-perhaps an indiscreet one." " And I gave you an answer-per haps of equal indiscretion. She saw by his eyes that he was laughing at her, though his lips were concealed by the tell-tale moustache. For a moment she would have liked to box his ears for having made her think he was in earnest, and then she laughed too. " No - but seriously ?"said Mrs. Farquhar. " Seriously, what ?" " Why did you never get married ?" At this moment there came a violent hump on the side of the punt, and Mrs. Farquliar's Japanese umbrella and Major Singleton's straw hat flew over the side into the river. The lady screamed-not so prettily as she woi/d have done had she had time to think about it-and the. man was on his feet and grasping his hole in a second. A boat containing a party of belated 'Arries had shot suddenly out of a backwater, and the coxswain being more occupied with a concertina than with his rudder-lines) had caught the punt right midships, and as nearly as possible put her over! " Confound you, you clnmsy " began the Major, indignantly, glaring at the offending crew ; then, remem bering who it was that he had in charge, he dropped bis voice. "Beally, I wish you'd be more careful, sir; you can't expect to have the whole river to yourself at this time of the year." The young men, relieved to find that they had not run into a bridge or gone over a weir, were apologetic, and expressed their sorrow in suitable terms. They rescued the hat and umbrella-both rather the worse for their wetting-and rowed off as fast as they could, before it should be dis covered that a plank in the punt had been 6tarted. Mrs. Farquhar smoothed her ruffled feathers, and condescended j to smile again. As for the major, he lighted a cigarette and sat down in his old place* I " You asked me a question just I now," he said, after a pause, blowing away a cloud of smoke, and watching it as it melted away to leeward, " and that bump gave you the true answer." " I asked you why you had never married." " Exactly. It was because of an accident that happened when I was in a boat with a lady." He spoke in a low, serious tone, and a dreamy sort of look came into his eyes, as if at the recollection of an old sorrow. Mrs. Farquhar was touched by his manner and half put out her hand to him. " I-I am so sorry," slie murmured. " Was-was she drowned ? Pray for give me. I never beard of it." "It was a long time ago," said Singleton looking not at her, but at the distant woods, still with the same gleam of recollection in his eyes. " Fifteen - twenty years. Heavens, how old we're all getting-I'm sneak ing for myself." Could it have been an echo that murmured, " Speak for yourself?" '* But I have never forgotten it, nor never shall. I've been a good deal i among women at different times, and -well I've generally managed to ina&e; myself as agreeable to them as other men. More than once-more than twice-I have been on the verge of forgetting the promise I made " | To her ?" " No, to myself. Shall I tell you about it ? Do you care to hear a story of what happened twenty years ago, when you were in the nursery." " If it's not a very painful story," murmured Airs. Farquhar, looking curiously at Singleton, and wondering whether he was going to cry; for the corners of his lips twitched and his eyes avoided hers. '* It was, as I said, nearly twenty years ago," he said, slowly. " I was little more than a boy then-a perfect boy stiil in some things. I was at home on leave-my first leave-from Malta, and I was enjoying myself immensely. I had plenty of money, 1 knew heaps of people of all kinds, and no day was long enough for me that that summer. And then I met Vera -Vera-never mind her other liamp ; 1 never think of her as anything but Vera. Ah! what a pretty girl she was ! I can see now as I first saw her at a crush in Dennox Gardens-no, Queen's Gate-standing against a mass of tropical plants that made a background for her tall, graceful figure. She was dressed all in white, like a bride, and the absence of color in her toilette enhanced the brilliancy of her complexion and the metallic gleam of her copper-colored hair, wbieh was piled in heavy masses-you remember I'm speaking of twenty years ago-on her small head. I never was so struck by a woman before or since that night. I simply stood and stared at her . and the man who had brought me told me afterwards that I looked as if I'd seen a ghost. " He pulled me gently away in the direction of the room where the cham pagne cup was-for he was a thirsty beggar-and foreed a tumbler into my hand. I drank off the wine mechani cally, and he patted tne kindly on the ; back. * Feel better now, don't you ?' i he said. 4 Who was it old chappie your tailor ?' " The word recalled me to my senses, and I shuddered, I remember. "'My tailor-what -where?1 I stammered. " 11 don't know. I only asked if you'd seen him,' he said. " ' My tailor ? What do you mean ?' " * Well, you never know whom you may meet at this house, and lie's pro bably a good deal more presentable than some of the men.' _" * Bubbish !' I said. ' It was that girl in white standing against the ferns -that girl with the glorious hair. Didn't you see her, or are you blind ?' " * Oh I' he said, ' you mean Miss Hill-Parker.* " I thought you'd let out her name before long," Mrs. Farquhar said smiling slyly. ^ Singleton went on without heeding " Well, he told me all about her. Sa»d she was the daughter of a man of very good family, but as poor as a I church mouse; that she was expected to marry a man with money, but that she was getting a little bit'off color that was his brutal expression-and that this would be her last season in town, because there were three other daughters behind. She's been rather unlucky,' he said. * She's been very ill all the spring, and this is her first apoearance this year. She'll have to look sharp if she means to do any good before Goodwood.' I thought of all this afterwards, though I hardly noticed his words at the time, and only asked him to introduce me io the beaut p. I wondered whether her father would consider me 'a man with money,' ideas vary fo on the poiivc." " That they do," assented Mrs. Farquhar, thinking, perhaps, that her own had varied a good deal since she was seventeen. "Well, I was introduced. And I won't bore you with what followed. These things always run the same course, and the more they change the more they're the same thing. 1 fell in love with her, as they say, at first sight; and I dare say I made myself a great spectacle to my friends. For a month I followed her everywhere; found out where she was going, and moved heaven and earth to get invita tions to those houses; waited hours in the park on the chance of seeing her, and behaved altogether as lovers always do." "And she-?" asked Mrs. Far quhar. " And she-well, she didn't dislike me from the first, and I could soon see that her mother didn't dislike me either, and I began to be very happy. In a month after I met her first I made up my mind to ask her to marry me. Just then her mother asked me to a picnic up the river-quite a small affair given for the benefit of a set of children, nephews and nieces, home from school. This was my last chance -for they were to go back to the country two days after-and I meant to take it. That was, I think the happiest day in my life. I devoted mvself to her from morning till night, and she seeinpd as happy as I was. Poor Vera! We neither of us thought how the day was going to end. Well it came to an end at last, and I was to row her back in a little boat that only held two. It was a most perfect evening, and as we drifted down the river I was too full of happi ness to talk. She made such a pretty picture, sitting under an umbrella as ! you are doing now, with her hat and gloves off, making believe to steer, that I simply sat and looked into her eyes, and she sat and smiled at me. I think now that she must have been rather a stupid girl, for it seems to me that it was I who always talked-and if I happened not to talk, there was gener ally silence. I was a little nervous, too, for I didn't quite know what I was going to say. At last, she roused herself and said, looking up at the sky, and sighing: " ' Oh, what a pleasant day this has been! How long will it be before I have such another, I wonder ?' " My heart sprang into my mouth and I said: "Has it been a pleasant day, Vera?" " It was the first time that I had called her Vera, and. she looked quickly at me, and then cast down her eyes. " ' Very,' she whispered ; and then she sighed again." " Yes," said Mrs. Farquhar approv ingly. "I know that sigh. It's very effective when it's done properly ; but it wants practice." " I said: ' Why do you say it will be so long before you have another so happy?' "' We are going hack to Devon shire lo-morrow, you know,' she said. " She was knotting the ends of the rudder-lines together all the time, and looking at them intently. " Then,' I said nervously,' lias your happiness anything to do with-with being near'-I was going to say me, but I changed my mind at the last minute and said, ' near town ?" " She smiled a little, and shook her head very slowly. Then she raised her eyes, and looked at me, still smil ing. The next moment I shipped my sculls carefully, and leaned forward till I could take her hand. "' Vera," I said,' my own love !' " The words had scarcely passed my lips when I heard a loud hideous laugh close to as, and I saw a boatful of hideous-looking men moored under a large tree that threw its branches over the river, who were grinning at us like so many monkeys. I forgot where I was, and jumped up in a passion. The boat gave a, violent lurch and Vera a loud scream, and I slipped. I tried to fall overboard cleanly to save her, but it was too late. I fell right across the gumvhale, and capsized the boat in the middle of the river in ten feet of water." " Couldn't you swim ?" said Mrs. Farquhar breathlessly. " Oh, yes, like a duck: but Vera couldn't. When I'd eleared the water out of my eyes I saw her clinging to the boat, which was only just above water-sunk to its bearings, as the sailors call it. I shouted to her to keep still, and went to her help as fast as I could. But I had dropped a few yards down the stream ; and, having all my clothes on, I couldn't swim fast. She screamed and struggled, and tried to climb into the boat-which was, of course, the worst thins she could do. Just as I reached her it sank altogether, and she went down with it. I plunged forward, and just as she was disappearing I caught her by the only thiug I could see-her "beautiful bronze hair. And the whole thing came away in my hand ! " Poor thing !" cried Mrs. Farquhar, with real sympathy in her tone. " And she was drowned, I suppose ?" . Xfo, the next minute her head came up again-such a funny head, all covered with short red fur, like a fox \- and I managed to take hold of her under the arms, and got her to the bank; and there she sat down and began to cry." " Ye-es,"suid Mrs. Farquhar, criti cally, " I suppose this was her onlv i chance. And what did you do ?" " ; " I'll tell you what I did not do," said Singleton; " I didu't finish the sentence beginning, ' Vera, my own love.' " " And that was the reason you never married ?" " Yes," said Singleton. And he added, sotto voce, " That and a few others." Mrs, Farquhar pondered for a few moments, and then asked suddenly: " And what became of the wig?" "I don't know," said Major Single ton. Vanity Fair. 