protection of the british flag. There was very little of pomp and circum stance in the annexation of the Solomon Islands (says the Bundabcrg Mail). A naked savage handed the proclamation to the com mander of the labor schooner Lochicl, and the flag that had braved the battle and the breeze floating proudly aloft explained the rest. By and by the flag was not allowed to float proudly continuously, for when one of the officials belonging to tho Lochicl went on shore one evening lie found tho flag lowered. On inquiring of tho chiet where it was, that worthy took him into a hut, where it was seen that the Hag had been- converted into a coverlet, being used to enwrap the slumber ing forms of two ehieftaincsscs. Titk Divorce Sittings.— The August sittings of the Divorce Court, which origin ally contained about 100 cases on the list, are being conducted by Air. Justice Windeycr with tho usual dispatch. Only two days have elapsed since the sittings commenced, but about 30 eases have been determined, nono of which have, however, been defended. When both parties come to tho court to tell the judge their stories the progress will not be as rapid. An Alleged Haunted House.— The belief in haunted houses is apparently "not yet ex tinct. In a Supreme Court cast yesterday some depositions taken in one of the lower courts were read. One of the statements was that a particular house at Bondi had not been tenanted for six years. " It is haunted, it has ghost in it," was tho explanation on the depositions. The Warships.— H. M.S. Orlando, tho flagship on the Australian station, arrived at Moreton Bay (Q.) yesterday from Auck land en route to Sydney. A telegram from Albany yesterday stated that II. M.S. Ringa- rooma had left that port for Fremuutle. The Wallaroo en route from Melbourne to Sydney was still at anchor in Jervis Bay yesterday. II.MjS. Goldfinch left Towns- villc on Monday for British New Guinea. ' The Ciiukou Society.— A meeting of the collectors of the Church Society was held at the Chapter-house yesterday. The Dean occupied the chair at the tea meeting, which was held at 3 o'clock, and at tho public meet ing held later in the afternoon Canon King presided. There were about 60 persons pre sent, the majority being ladies. Addresses were delivered by tho chairman, the Revs. J . D. Langlcy, It. Hills, S. S. Tovey, and others on tho urgent need for increased sub scriptions in order to bring the income up to tho amount estimated for the year. It was stated that in order to do this it would be necessary to obtain the sum of £2165 I6s Id. The following resolution was carried ; — " That this conference of collectors heartily endorses the decision of the committee of the Church »Socicty to rely on sustained and generous efforts being made in the society's behalf during the remainder of the year rather than to reduce the grants promised, and would urge upon its fcllow-collcetors throughout the diocese the pressing necessity which exists for activity and enthusiasm and for extended interest in tho society's operations." City Mission. — Tho annual tea and con cert of No. 3 District Sydney City Mission was held at tho Temperance-hall on Tues day evening. There was a large company. Mr. T. W. Craven presided at tho public meeting, which was addressed by Messrs. R. Bennetts, J .P., G. E. Wigzell, tho Rev. K. Moore, and Dr. Craig Dixson. The latter, who is honorary medical officer, stated that the physical strain upon a city missionary was severe. He bore testimony to the fidelity and usefulness of the missionaries. Mr. John Hague, who has charge of No. 3 District, extending from Market-street to railway and to Brisbane-street, reported having spent 1633 hours among the very poor, in all 3551 visits. His work hud been re tarded through personal sickness. He had visited 406 sick peoplo, for whom lie had been able to obtain medical attendance, etc.; had relieved 230 families, or about 1150 indi viduals, with food, at a cost of £26 19s 3d lo tho mission. This was temporary help re quired at once, and lator tho Benevolent Asylum and other societies had quickly rclioved most of these eases to a larger extent. One hundred and ninety-thrco meet ings had been held in the Brisbano-strcot ragged school, beside many open-air meet ings. These were of gospel, temperance, anil social ciiaractcr, aim were well attended. The musical portion of tho evening was well directed by Miss Hague and Mr. T. W, Graven, jun. Accidental Death.— An inquest was hold yesterday on the body of John Murray (56), shopkeeper, No. 20 King-street, who died suddenly on Tuesday. From the evidence given it appeared that the deceased fell on the stairs while going to bed on Monday night, and sustained a concussion of tho brain, which caused death. A verdiotjof ac cidental death was returned. Drowning Fatality at Wort's Dock.— Alexander Vaxtren, a seamen from tiio steamer Namoi, was drownod at Mort's Dock last night. It is stated that in company with two shipmates lie was proceeding to tho steamer about. 8 o'clock, but, as he was under tiio influence of liquor, the otlior men went on board to get some assistance to take him on board. On their return they saw him struggling in tho water, and before they could get to him he sank and was lost. The police were informed, and made a search for the body. They did not succeed last night in recovering it. The Rookwood Special Audit.— At last Slight's meeting of tho Rookwood Council the report of the special auditors, Messrs. Hazlcwood and Godson, was received and considered in committee. At the conclusion of tho consideration of the report tho Mayor (Alderman Allan Gee) announced that the report had been rccoivcd and adopted by the council As tiio boi'ough auditors (Messrs. Knox and Menzics) at a meeting recently held in Rookwood signified their willingness to proceed with the duties that devolved upon them whan elected, the only difficulty that remains to be overcome is that relating to tho endowment for the last half-year, which in accordance with the Act was lost owing to the necessary documents not having been sent in within the specified time, but the council has every hop6 that the Govern ment will sec its way clear to pay the money, which is urgently needed in the borough. Royal Society. — The monthly meeting of the Royal Society was held last evening, Tho Rev. J. Milne-Curran, F.G.S., read a paper off " The Bingara Diamond Field." As to the matrix of tho diamond, he was confi dent it was not formed in tho drifts where found. The conditions under which the king of gems was formed could be paralleled hero without straining accepted geological facts, and lie believed the Australian dia mond had a similar origin to that of the African gem. Diagrams showed the peculiar form of . tho Australian diamonds, 11 wash, and a varied collection of gem stones asso ciated with the diamond. Tiio deep ground in tho Biiigara district had not yet been touched, Air. Curran said, and until enter prise had cut tho deeper beds of tho mighty river that rolled west from tho mountains of New Fngland no one would be able lo say. that our country would not yet glory in her gems as she had gloried in the mines of gold and silver that constituted her rich inheri tance. Professor Anderson Stuart and Pro- fessor .Livcrsuigo made compiiineni«u> iciu- rcnccs to tho interesting nature of tho paper. The following papers were read by Professor T. W. E. David, F.G.S. ' " Oil the Occur rence of a Ohromitc-bearing Rock, from the Pennant- hills Quarry, near ParranmUa " Note on tho Occurrence of Burytos at tho Five Dock Sandstone Quarry and at the Pcn- nant-hills Basalt Quarry;" "Note on the Occurrence of Calcareous Sandstone, allied lo Fonlaincblcau Sandstoue, from Rock Lily near Piltwator." Sudden Death at Rbdpern.— Joseph Westmiilikin (06), a working jeweller resid ing at 20 Vine-street, Rcdfem, was about 7 o'clock yesterday morning found dead in his bed. liis housekeeper slates that she left him in his u&Ual; health on the previous even ing. A report has bean made to the Coroner. Messrs. Dixson nnd Sons desire us to state that the minio-of Lite Adelaide tobacco firm who have a dispute with their employes is R. Dixson and Co., a distinct and scparato firm altogether. Messrs. Dixson and Bona havo had no dispute with their men for 20 years or more. The committee of St. Andrew's, Parra- inabla, have recommended Dev. R. Jackson, of Granville, to tho Presbytery, to perform ministerial duties, in connection with the church pending tho appointment of a suc cessor to the late Rev. J. \V. Inglis. Air. Cook, ALP., writes Referring lo the telegraphic report of my speech at Lithgow, under the heading of 'Political Points,' in Tuesday's issue, you say : — When payment of members is at stake, there Ja some excuse for mixed metaphor.' I readily admit that tho metaphors, as jumbled up in your report, are decidedly mixed. The 1 mixture,' howevor, is your correspondent's, and not mine. If the context were produced the appropriateness of the metaphors would bo apparent. Moreover, the.y were not used in the remotest connection with the subject of payment of members." A number of gentlemen took advanlagoof tho departure of Air. Percy G. Hallmore from Sydney, to manage tlie Dunedin branch of Messrs. Cook's Tourists' Bureau, to present him last night with an address, which was prepared by John Bands, George-street. The chair was taken by Mr. .Sydney Al. Quinlan, and there were present Dr. F. G. Stephens, Dr. George Sutherland, Air. K. Hollway, Mr. F.Terry, Mr. A. Usher, Air. Naylor, Mr. Jones, Mr. Ernest Needs, Air. Rdwurds, Mr. Oscar Rowo, and many others. The gathering took place at the residence of Dr. F. C. Stephens, No. 167 Liverpool-street, ami passed off very pleasantly. Among the toasts proposed was that of tho health of the guest, which was duly honored. 