ijlliAli umJ oIuxulmil . When phenomena pertaining to the unseen world, or when anything of an occult or mysterious nature is referred to, we often hear the words of Shakspearo quoted in proof of the possibility of such things— ' There are more tilings in heaven ana earth, Horatio, than aro dreamt of in your philo sophy." While these words are well known an d often quoted, yet comparatively few know the peculiar circumstances in which they wore spoken. They occur in that master piece of Shakespeare, viz., "Hamlet,1' which both Goethe and Carlyle said might engage tho life study of any man. As many who may read this may never have seen it, 1 will give the briefest outline of that wonder ful play. Hamlet's father, who had been King of Denmark, wa3 dead, and his brother, the prince's uncle, was not only reigning in his stead, but, to the shame and disgust of Hamlet, was married to his mother. Hamlet bewailed exceedingly his father's untimely death, which seemed to be shrouded in mystery, when the ghost cf his father ap peared to him on several occasions and revealed all. On one occasion when Hamlet and hi3 friend Horatio were together, the ghost was also present, and spoke from " beneath," when Horatio exclaimed—"Oh! day and night, but this is wondrous ctrange," whereupon Hamlet uttered the remarkable words bo often auoted. No doubt thero is. and has always been, a great deal of super stition in the world, and in any things have been magnified into the supernatural which did hot belong thereto at all. Yet things have taken place which havo been attested and proved beyond doubt, which cannot be explained on any natural principles with which we are acquainted. As things pertain ing to the supernatural are always interest- | in?, I propose relating some which I havo read in books, to which the ordinary reader may not have had access, and others which have never been printed. About 30 years ago a book was pub lished with a somewhat strange title. It was called 'Footfalls on the Boundaries of Another World.' Its author was Robert Dale Owen, Eon of the celebrated Socialist, Hubert Owen, who was well known City years ago. The author of the book was a man of some distinction, being American plenipotentiary to Denmark. In certain circles that book created considerable sen sation at the timo, from the strangeness of some of the things related in it. It was ably reviewed in the"Glascow Herald'' at the time. Many interesting things mightbecalled from this book, but I only give -one. from memory, for I lent and lost the book. It is as follows :— Once thcro was a ship at sea, she had been on a long outward voyage, and had been at sea for two months. The chief mate's name was Bruce, and he belonged to and old and highly respectable Scottish family of that name. He had been below taking log, and having made hi3 entry, sung out to the cap tain, whom he supposed to be in his cabin, ' Latitude so and so, longitude so and so. Does that agree with you,sir"' He got no answer, and supposing that the captain had not heard him, he repeated the same thing, I but again he got no answer. He turned and looked into the captain's cabin, and to his surprise saw a gentleman whom he had not seen on board before. The gentleman save him a strange look, but never spoke ; ho had the captain's 3late in his hand, and seemed to be writing something upon it. Meanwhile Mr. Bruce asked who ho was, and what he was j doing there, and in a moment, what seemed j to be the gentleman, vanished. The mate then rushed up to the deck, and in a state of considerable oscitement Slid—'Good heavens captain, I saw a gentleman below in your cabin, and when I made to speak to him he suddenly vanished.' The captain said, 'Come come, Mr. Bruce, don't make a fool of your self before the whole crew, and \llow your imagination to get the better of you ; you must be dreaming.' Xo, captain, I am not dreaming ; I never wa3 more awake in my life, and may I never see my family, may I never find salvation, if I did not see a man in your cabin. He had a mournful cast of coun tenance, and Trore a ■wine-colored coat, with light vest. I took ir. the whole at a glancc.' Tho captain replied ' Can any lubber have stowed himself away, and concealed himsrlf all this time? Let us go below and search fore and aft;' they did so, but they found no one. From the mate's terrible earnestness tlso captain got to think that there must have been something in it, and got somewhat in terested, and remarked—' Tou say the stranger appeared to be writing something on my slate; look and see.' They did so and found the words—' Steer to the nor' west' written in a peculiar cranky hand. The captain said—' Mr. Bruce, die you not writo these words ?' Ho answ c-red—' No, captain, I could nob write like that if you was to make mo owner of this ship.' They did not know what to make of it, so the mate said—'"We have had a prosperous voyage hitherto, we might alter our courso for twenty-four hours and steer to the nor'-west and seo what will come out of it.' They did so, and early next day sighted a ship in the last stage of distress ; they bore down upon her, and in doing so, forgot all about the mysterious affair. There was only one pas senger on board the ship in distress, and, whenever Mr. Bruce saw him, he said, in a verv excited manner. ' finnrl t mn. tain ; that is the very man I saw in your cabin yesterday.' After the crew and this one passenger were taken safely on board, the captain of the sinking ship thanked the other captain for his kindness in coming to their rescue, when he bluffly said, ' No thanks are due ; it is only what one British sailor should do to another.' He further said, ' I see you have one person on board, who evidently does not belong ''to your crew.' ' Yes, sir,' said the other ; ' he is a gentleman who had been in poor health, and was recommended by his medical advisers to take a voyage.' The cap tain then said, 'I have a. small favor to ask of him,' and, producing the slate with the writing made upon it, and turning up the reverse side, on which nothing was^ written, asked him if he would write the words, ' Steer to the nor'-west,' upon it. He smiled at the request, but did so. The captain and the mate then retired, and on comparing the two, found them almost identically the same. They then went back, and, showing the gentleman on that side of the slate on which the words had been written the day before, asked him if he wrote these words. He, thinking that the words were those written a moment or so before, replied, with some degree of surprise, ' Why do you a3k mo 1 did you not see me write them ?' They then turned tip the other side, and asked if he also wrote these words. For a moment or two the gentleman wss in perfect quandary ; then his countenance lighted up, and putting his hand to his head, as if trying to recall thought, be said, ' Oh, I see it all now. Yesterday about 2 o'clock noon (the time when Mr. Bruce saw the apparition), I fell asleep and had a pleasant dream, and in my dream I thought I was on board a barque in appear ance in every way like this, and while in the captain's cabin I wrote upon the captain's slate— 'Steer to the nor'-west. ' Tho cap tain of the rescued crew corroborated this testimony, and said that the gentleman 'came on deck after his sleep, and bade them all be of good cheer, for ho had seen in a dream a barque coming to their relief!' The captain of that ship and his mate, Mr Bruce, vouched for the accuracy of that story in every particular. 'Yes, there are more things in heaven and earth than we dream of in our philosophy.'—J W., in " Scottish ymerican." 