Port Arthur Twenty Years Ago. By RIEGEL I cannot do better than conclude with a true but unpublished ghost story, which I will entitle ' The Haunted Parsonage.' I say that this is to be a true ghost story, and such is the case, as the incidents I am about to relate actually took place. Some short time before my first visit to Port Arthur the Rev. Mr. H-- and family had been on a visit to Melbourne. Returning to Hobart Mr. H made all haste to Port Arthur, leaving the others to come down in the Government schooner some days after. The schooner for some reason went into Norfolk Bay instead of going direct to Port Arthur. On the evening of the same day the doctor — McCarthy by name I believe — seeing the lights shining from the various up-stair rooms in the parsonage concluded that Mrs. H and family had arrived from Hobart. He accordingly paid a visit to welcome them on their return, and rang the front bell for admission. Mr. H opened the door and the doctor made known the cause of his visit. Mr. H- in formed the doctor that they had not arrived yet, but were still at Norfolk Bay. 'Not arrived!' said the doctor ; ' I made sure they had come, and seeing the lights upstairs con- cluded Mrs. H __ was busy putting things in order.' Mr. H __ stared at him in astonishment, and assured the doctor he must be mistaken, as there were only the servant and him- self in the house, and they were both in the kitchen at the back, and had not ever been upstairs, therefore there could have been no lights. The doctor being positive they both made an in spection of the rooms, but found them all in darkness. As others in the settlement below had seen the lights they were a subject of speculation during the following day. Time passed on. One evening Mr. and Mrs. H __ were sitting in the drawingroom upstairs. The door was open. Suddenly they were struck by the appearance of a most intense light, which streamed from under the door of a room on the opposite side of the landing. The room was used as a study. Creeping cautiously up Mr. H ? peeped through the key hole, and to his astonishment could see the interior as though brilliantly lighted up with gas. He turned the handle and opened the door, when lo ! and behold ! all was in sudden dark- ness again. Months passed by. Sir Valentine and Lady Flemming were staying at the parsonage. The sub- ject of the mysterious lights was broached and discussed. Judge Flemming was too old a stager and too matter-of-fact to believe there could be anything ' mysterious ' or ' uncanny ' in their appearances aud rather laughed at the whole affair. But an evening or two afterwards he received his ' conversion.' The lights appeared again exactly as on the pre- vious occasion. They peeped through the keyhole ; they opened the door ; but to no purpose — the result was the same as before. Sir Valentine gravely shook bis head and suggested a thorough examination of the premises by daylight. Accordingly with the doctor's assistance an investigation took place, but nothing would account for the lights. Nothing more occurred for a few years when the Roman Catholic chaplain was summoned away from Port Arthur by his superior. He left his sister behind him, aud Mr. Hi ? thinking it would be very lonely for her to be in the house by herself, invited this lady to become a guest at the parson- age. The invitation was gladly accepted. The guest chamber was on the ground floor, a front room on the right of the main entrance to the house. She had not been at the parsonage many days when in the middle of the night both Mr. and Mrs. H ? , who slept upstairs, heard a loud knocking and banging in the house below. They listened but could make nothing of it. Presently they heard a piercing scream, and a moment afterwards their lady friend rushed up the stairs in the greatest terror and burst into their bedroom. Having struck a light and pacified her to some extent, they learned that she was awakened by a knocking sound in her room. Thinking it to be rats in the skirting she reached out and shied her boots about without effect. Presently it seemed to be all over the floor and under the bed, as though lids of boxes were being banged upon the floor. She was so worked up that she could stand it no longer, and letting out a scream rushed up into Mrs. H ? 's bedroom as narrated above. She declared she heard the patter of feet following her upstairs. As their visitor could not return to her room a shakedown was made for her in the study, the room in which the lights had appeared. Whether Mr. H thought the noise below had been caused by some ' gentle spirit ' wrapping for a com- munication I cannot tell. He did not go down to see, but contented himself by looking over the banisters before again retiring into his room. He of course saw nothing so went to his room and closed the door. This was no sooner done than ' rap, rap ' was heard upon the same on the outside. Heat once opened it and found dark- ness ; only that and nothing more. The next '' manifestation ' was somewhat startling. The guest cham- ber had been unoccupied for some time. One Saturday it had been washed but and a fire was lit to dry and air the room. After dark the servant went in to see that the fire was safe. She had no sooner reached the centre of the floor than she let out a terrific shriek and fell senseless on the boards. The H ? s rushed in, and endeavored by all the means in their power — smelling salts, cold water, burnt feathers, etc. — to restore her to consciousness, but in vain. As a last resource Mr. H ? placed her head between his knees and soundly boxed her ears. This brought her round, but it was some time before the girl was sufficiently calm to ex- plain what had happened. At last she did, when she declared that on entering the room she distinctly saw the figure of a man in a peculiar gar- ment, looking at her through the window, and grasping in his hand a knife or dagger, which he held as though about to strike. Nothing ever afterwards would induce her to enter that room again after dark. On one occasion while was staying there I had to lead the way so that she might obtain some- thing she needed from the room. The ' haunted room,' as it was then called, was placed at my disposal during one of my visits, but I never was disturbed by any of the ' mid- night apparitions.' (Concluded in our next.) 