A0ORILAID 110! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. ?--.-.4-- A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BZ" ,T;lz', if ESi"'UI'. Cl1 l\l',lt I l.-Coa rtt'i:t,. Liftin_ the utnforttunate aired ,f pap1r main, loitwe saawt that lthe pott't tlU rnI lway was that Ie lainnllll: the' advertise tieu tlerint the reward of .£50.. I It wt na 'urt that he should seek to tiestroy i," tlhlughtl lniewo. Ti'hIn he reuteitlthted Vane's. tsillatr me iatcholy, his lot reverita, those broken dreams and sud:len excla.ltations. Tily were all explained lnow. What had he di:ne 7 Of what crime had he boeen gtuilty a Was it nImurder? The thou'iht was lhorribly, to lbe the bostim friend of a tman who, pIrchantie, ha:d the stamp of Cain ulonl him. To live in the ameI tlent, to eat. talk at Ihe asant hIard itolether as if that secret had tiot been i The doubt was int itself molre thanl lnmre pain tlo the mind of the cultured votntg .t,,.tshlattt.tt. ohtt tllt talto a, l: he di? (Cive him s,--scud inflormtation to Melbouarne ? "Ni!"' Felenton lay lback in his chair, a light glaring in his -yes. + Not tiuo the finger to le lpointed att lahim," Ihe said. " Of whatever he be guilty, T cannott for get i.hat t'wis he who tiutsed nail :Iback front the threshold of death to life. Juldge not. So b, it." Onlte day wilen the young it ,iaglishltan had grawn well anld atrit, tand while the Tatori Valley rang with the sound of hI:lillam'er and pic andll cralle, Vanle ca.ie into tie tent cteire his citIradI was ipre raring the mid-day mIeal, with a pale face and a 8tageroitg gait. "You are ill, dear V\ane," cried his friend. "Ni,. Let teo rest quietly a 'mtontrot." and when lhe had rested lie uaid, "shake hands, Hlowe. iForttune hias miiletl upon us at last." Tihe young digger stares at his mate inll ervous excitelaent without a word ill reply, but there ca.'lno :an idea intol his lmind that Vane is isln one of his Iliods again. For loll: anld weary mlnths these two meln have fought a stern light wilth fair taun for a slice of liher favor.;. With that feverish hope, which gives ua loth .trentgth and couragte to iiild-lsekers, they had ailled anid e:iulred privation of .to ordiinary indl. It g?grs each side of them, and ritund and abolt theitl had foilnd the precious tre atnost: withmit all effort. lut tol tlheul, worl; as they mnighlt, sulccess steemed lto lnllck at thelm. Fortune lhad comie alt ltgth, hliowever. as arue lhad said, :tld, aiorever, had alhowcered her favors in such ar.ut:itble quantiiy and liuality til olr tiiwo friewlli that fruo heniceforth tlhey nccd til and lolil land starve tno more,. TI'iaei Vani told ltag lii ha1] founlida plroligioIu. nugge.t-flild ii at the pntll lof his pick whtnit a!bout ito leacve work fior dinner-a huge llmp of shiinig glold, which tax"d all his strengtlh toll relave from its lbedt . NS . onl e ,,n tie ticld klolw that uchi a trea:urel hail le aunearthed until :to liank of A.tltklanli hail it safe in their latasuesie. Nll er ais this all ; the cltaitn whicli had yieldl d such a deposit iof the hprciin I ':al taut at 'ritrei' hea valuable one, a.nd so it was sold at a good figure, tliica added to swel l tit I itunes of lucky Vtine acil is cotiur.ltdo. Within a iamith they had decided to leave tle dittiu:s, autil returll maain to a eivilizedl tlit at t'ii iltenle. lilotht were quitte atisfiel with their experincea oil tile Titeri \Clluy. "' \ h'iat a huii all hiveia it is," sail l: en tilto , glt 'ii, rl lind at the setChin criiwi. "' T l, to:l, tlodI , withalt respite, at if goild alone could a cure haltpi ' l iatit is a fine thing ti turn 1hihlso phter whii ti e ltnl- is f, lll." r, spnd; 'lrt', llauc hil . " ttl ter all llniy is the greatl fetih i this iaguc, wiUl thertIe aiit vtery go1,; e st' a t, i' r tho e r r ah'o iot d wnil tlad worhilp it. 1V'at -Ili bi done with o u t Iil io i ! Y\ o : i a it d , Iol w e , w ith o u t gold were suij;,l 'ct to llh priva:tion andll u cntleriii. To -l y thd cuse is rerersed. Ergo! we are pluh,l,,,ihcrs, :ind 1;te lifted nut of the Slouighl f liesplnd becautse wet hlave s nl i tiuu -s?aani' of lioUlils t our itnltaers." " ttentle, cy.ie," cries the othlter. W'as it your love of wealhh which kept you here herding with thlese wretchet, matny of iwhom lo ay inilld are scarcely superllior to duib brutes.' "I No," :itawer Teutllt Vane in a sitb dlued tnlle. ien oif lly temperament mtst di ct?le kind of iourk fr their soul's miake ; the harder the better for ile. I do ad driftini back again to thie idle ex istence which rules in tinhe fa'ichabtle world. Work, workit illsy salvationl." liowo snilta. "i 'it afraid the fashion ablh world would not lie lpleased if it heard yall, niy frieli. lIt has used yoea very curvttily, nilt dt iubt." " Wontig., tr ! 'rJy tgain,"rtied Vane, .good lnumttouredlyt. "Tho wortld, faslionl able or ttheratie, ustea a tilai neitlier abet ter nitr worse than he ascs hliitmolf. In icedl, tl grat teachelir Itas likenead laatkild to a looking gl,?s. Suilo, aind they give back atrtile ; frown, asd ait frown is re lturled tia ytil witah itereast. Tithey left the valley trld took ap their ibodlo at 'lauranrtal thirty tiles distant, purthased what they required fur the aonte iota the way of elotltiag, then called ts the taid otf a solicitor to arrange their josint itonetary atltirs. Tauranga, on t lt Iay of Pieity, it one af the chief beauity S1,ts; it, the whole of Pdltaorilanld, and here the tw, friendt pent LntllO weeks, slhtOUitin?, lishing, iand loatt ing. ft had appeared a autuat Itiitit between taheia that mtttitioit should notl lae Itde t of partiutg. ltterto, lack ,if aatieoy had beena the atroitg lituk wich bouid Vatue and Fentou IHiowe togethier. Ntw they were wealthly. Vanto, at least, expected thait his comralle totall hastei his returan hoto aiall, hbut enton ilowe eemnetd in nto lhurry to depart. On a certaiti lovely night tafter dinner, and while the pair enjoyedl their cigara, Tmnple Vatan broke ailence oa the sub jeet. " When do you intend going hiore, tay dear lHoevc " liae said, Dear ftweo takes the cheroot from be tween his teeth attl laughs. " You want it be rid of me, Vatne" hs answers, presently, with just tle ghost of reproach it his voice. ,T~, not u o ; only you have notitng now to detain you in New Zcaalad." " Hlvei'th I, though. Dii pato frirget woppromased 'T.eo Ihnitta,the friedaly chief, to pig htnt with htim on Thursday oit the tanges; lieside,, I have really totmathing to do are I leave this land of peaks and DAWarPD any 1113 Vano.t" "' A, -oing to lake some IMari curioh to your friends in Yorkshire, I suppose," witih a sigh. "Perhaps." responded Howe, after a pause. "By the way. did I ever mentionl tI. you having brought with Ime a couple of Ictters of ntlroduction to one or two fainili, s hereabouts when I arrived from England ?" N ?i. I ai not aware of it." " Well, such is the fact 7mn nli; only I confess I felt s:luwlllat constrained to presnt them while - while-" " While you were pooar, eh ?" suggests Viane. " Just so. I could not go en deal.ab;le to the ipeople who110 lltnll 111 have Imen tioned." " You have not mentioned ally nlanles yet," clies0 Vane, ieterrup.tl:. "True, old fellow. let mCe see," and IllHwe fuumbles in the recesnses of hlis pIcket book, and draws forth two very talttered missives. " You have heard of 3I'jr Weldon, of I'inefall ," Ihesys. 'emple Vanel stares, and his face be comes very grave as lie reldli' ill a low tone, " yes, I h1ave heard theo Ilnalle. The Major is too owwlIr of Pinefalls Sta tion, I behlove." "iExactly. Toe Iinnna tells 1me that the homestead is not more than a day's ride from Tonga's IPeak yonder, and t1lnt Pine falls is a lovely place, and well worth a visit." Vllane does not relly immedi:ately, utI: sita pulling at his cigar and 'taring away seaward, for it is a moonllight night par c.recilc,:e, thle soft clear canopy overhead no cle:,r almost as day. " Who are your friends lentioned in the other letter, ltowe ?" lie asks, pre sently. "Major General Sir Geore Ashford, of "Glenceourt" oni the l'atea liver. Th'l estatl almuost adjoins "lPiefallsa," ald there IRa --" lFoentn Hlowe breaks off slldenly, for lie sces;ll a awful pallor comao quickly into thle face of hlis frierl. "Vane,, you are ill ? \hat is it, dear frind i'" he crica, rising. " It is nothing," mutters Vane, tossing his cigar away. " 1 an ,: Slilluch of a smoiker, anl d that weed is a very bid olle, that? aill. You were sad.ing-" "Loo1k here, Vane," sald t1he youlng Eliglihman, 11 abruptly, laying his hand on the others arm, an:d :which causes his frielld to l,oo tt attentively at him. "See here. old fellow, w1e have sillered much together, you and 1. and I feel 1 have ionie right to know what makes you sn :noodly betimres without any apparent cause. ~0ouollt you t list ime? I am a gelntlemanl, Sland, ioteover. I do lnot re qullet you to confide ill tile, out of mere idle ciuioaity. I must remind you that you saved sly life, and I aml lolging to ply my' det with interest." T..,ple Vanie laulglis. "iMy lear Hlowe, oult arie full of erocilets to-night. LBe lieve 1me. there's nothig the matter bo ye'd a tit of imldistionl. Melancholy uoually manrk ile for her own, after din iner. I feel I an: not mluch of a com piauion for you ia any timle, but I have done my1 best not to ohre you altogether when thes,: fits ar upon mein. If, as youl i:y I hI:ve done you a service, you carl repay ulo by having compassion on an unllfortunlatel dyspeptic by altogethor ignor iog his oddities." " I will try, Vane," replies Ilowve, with anl i:platient gesture '" Bat answer mel onle luestill -were you ver in doubt 1" '" About wlhoim "" " Any of your friends, for instance." "Make the u- stion a personall one, and say Fentoln lvwe." " \ery well. FIr exalmple --aoy you had a doubt respectinl Fuolll Iloweo till hIle was inot what lite seenied-a scoundrel for ilnstalnce, or may be somo tllhill waloe." " It is not possiile I could fancy my frientd scoundrel." '" Iat if yo7u had a tormenting doubt that he was l" cries the otlherin persistent Temple Yano turns his pale face to ward the slpeaker witl a shade; of suir prise ill his grave eoes. "Doubl)t has slain s0onn of thie nllh'st of mnkindl," he says, softly. " The glorious intellect of thle :llmlllntl !.hakeslpeare gathered all the forces if its otlelnt power to creite a Iladens'iuna. Why? l' show0 that 1dold ill the pleral) o f lthe noble Moor. cruelly nulrdereld her. Daubt is too of tile miost terrile weapllllons ill his arllmory of tihe p1rinciple of evil. It do, s lnot kill in fair and ope n c:ldluct, but crawls like a llidnigllt thl-if to its victimn. lad I a ditoiht iespiaetiutg ly friend, his iiti;rs shouI Il b le both judge and jury, and lihe lohiod stand or fall on tlese alone with lle.'" ' "'li n are right, V.ane, give me your land," and Fentoln llowe's eyos are moist withl emotion. Ti::t night Vane lay awake tormonted with troubled thoughts, but the young Englislhlan slept well, and dreamsed of the pig hIunt on the llrrow. 