Stageland Studies (Chiefly Australian). BY GARNET WALCH. No. 8. Rehearsals. (SlSUOND PAl'Kll.) Diui.1iXnu Til 13 •' SuiviiiiH."—Mubic anu Muhumjujss. Til li OlTOK'J'U N10 Sa N OWICII.—SoKNKS AN U PftorS." DllKBS lilill HAHSAtiK. BlON ANU " Buouy."—" T1110 Ghost/'—"A 1.0 Hpiauy to Bkuin!" In pieces where supernumeraries, usually stylocl "supers" lout court, are to figure, their "business" is now being taught them by the " super-master," who takes liis instructions from the stage-manager, and acts as a homely buffer- between that ollioial and the rough material that has some times to bo wrought, not to say "liolcod," into shape. An .apt illustration of the value of painstaking drill in this direction is to be found in the manipulation of the mob in Marie Antoinette, Many who road these lines will remember the deep and abiding impression made on their minds during the Jtistori season, when the distant tramp of feet and low grumb ling roar of myriad voices graduallys welled in strength and volume as the mob approached the balcony of the palace in Versailles, in the great scene whore the devoted tjueen holds up the little-.Dauphin in freiixied appeal to the populauo. They will recall how, as the tumult grew upon the ear, the imagin ation pictured the elements uf that huge, combing wave of humanity, drawing nearer and*nearer still, until it burst and spread upon the terrace beneath the balcony. One could sympathetically fool the mental-'condition uf the half-frantic mother, standing there at bay and looking down upon that sea of up turned faces, the only signs of whose presence consisted in the shouts, accompanied by the wav ings of a. few Jjiberty caps, thrust upwards on the ends uf pikes. A thousand, ten thousand, how many were there in that pack of human wolves ¥ And yet the whole of this unsurpassed piece of stage glamour was affected by some forty or fifty supers, trained to advance sIoavIv, uttoriug suitable cries and making other souuds, from the stage door ♦ Specially writ,Ion for Taiim; Tali,.—All rig-hta ruaorvoil. of the Opera House, iu Little Collins-street, along it, passage loading to the stage ; so forward on to the stage itself. The sub sot [uont actual appearance of a portion of the iuob was as nothing to tlie imuffUMri/ presence of the general mass. Australian stage-managers learned a .lesson from this highly realistic scene which they Have found u&oful; on many occasions since. ...... /The supers being in full training and ready to bo imported into the " situations"1 already arrnugad for | thrift, j the next matter to be attended to is the 111 us.ic/ and this, in the case of melodrama especially, ds^W/very important item. Apart from the music Li Vitally performed at the rise and fall of the curtain, "or act-drop, most of the principal people have to be allotted a few bars of characteristic airs to herald and accompany their entrance. Then there are the " hurries" for struggles, the crcscondo movements for culminating points, tlie plaintive strains for pathetic passages, and so forth. These have all to be selected, fitted into their proper places, and arranged for the various instruments in the orchestra. To this end the Conductor, or failing such an exalted personage, the Leader, attends one of the complete rehearsals— complete so far as words are concerned—and, con sulting here and there with the stage-manager, takes clown a list of " music-cues," which lie'numbers iu consecutive order, and to fit music to which becomes his task at his own home. As soon as the band-parts for those selected or specially composed snatches of melody are ready —being prepared either by the Conductor or Leader or by an expert engaged for the purpose—the members of the orchestra are called together to try over the music and 'subse quently to attend a " rehearsal witli full band," whereat this important feature of the forthcoming production is fitted into its place. AVI 1011 .1 state that in many melodramas I have known upwards of one hundred music-cues to occur, while in panto mimes this number is frequently nearly doubled, it will be seen wliau an important part is played by the orchestra oven when their contribution passes almost uuuoticed by voasou of its very suitableness. At this point of preparation the rehearsals frequently stretch out to a length that proves both tiring and irksome to those who are in the nightly programme of the theatre, extending sometimes from ton or eleven in the morning until three or four in the afternoon, and this without any fixed interval for refreshment. The knowing ones who foresee this may provide tneiuselves by establishing a temporary larder iu their pockets, and for the men so inclined theru is always the handy hotel with its counter luncheon and glass of ale,?,but the ladies may fare but meagrely unless their haud-bags contain a little something suited to their require ments, or an itinerant sandwich-boy lias boSu cute enough to " grasp the skirts of happy chance" aud put in an appearance somewhere between the hours of twelve and two. We now approach another important point on our hopeful pilgrimage towards fame and fortune, namely, the rehearsals "with scenes and props." Long since, in fact fairly at the outset of the rehearsals, the cunning magician who transforms the huge " cloths "—presenting a surface of, say, 700 or 800 square feet apiece—into palaces or hovels, castles or cottages, fairy dells or caves of gloom by the rapid strokes of his omnipotent brush, has been fur nished with a " scene-plot," giving a verbal outline of what is required from his department. In like manner the mechanist and stage-carpenters have . received their instructions, and the gentleman who manufactures with equal ease a monarch's sceptre or a beggar's staff has been handed a " property plot," in which he finds particulars of all the requisites lying within his domain. The prompter has also occasionally relieved the stage manager in "holding the book," which will be eventually confided nightly to his own (the pronqiter's) care, and has gained suSL cient familiarity with the piece to mark the said volume—now technically known as the "prompt book"—with such notes as will enable him, during the performance, to give the necessary signals by electric bells, .either to the " fly-men" above to raise or lower the curtain, act-drop, cloths and sky-borders "—the latter, of course, in pre-arranged sequence—or to the " cellar-men" below who look after,the "rises and sinks," and traps, where re quired. The gas, electric and lime-light men re ceive their instructions now or a little later on, and the wardrobe mistress, where the piece is a " dressy" one, has long been superintending her little army of sewiiig-machine women in the preparation of all costumes save those to be worn by the principals, the latter usually having to find their own. The rehearsal " with scenes and props" is now called, and incomplete as many of the "properties" may yet be, they are expected to be forthcoming even in an embryonic state, so that the actors may handle them and become familiar with their use. The " setting" of the scenes—these also often in an unfinished though not incohate state—in the places they are to occupy, enables the stage- manager to make a final revision of entrances, exits, groupings, and what is generally known as "stage-dressing," if needful. The supers are brought into their places; the mechanical effects, if any, are worked; songs, dances and introductions of all kinds—previously practised apart—are rehearsed as they are to be delivered, and there remains but one more kind of a vepdLiLiu>i which can be added to the many gone before—the dress rehearsal. Where the time can be spared, or even in impera tive cases whore the theatre has to bo closed for the purpose, a dross rehearsal usually takes placo at night, but. although all the subordinates are ex pected to appear in the costumes they are to wear in the piece, tue principals seldom, if ever, don their new attire, nor are they pressed to do so. The public who, .1. havu noticed, are given to regarding a dress rehearsal with considerable curiosity would be surprised to find how very tame and tiresome much of the affair is. ,'h.o is mainly owing to the numerous mtoiios w mcb otill occur and have to be .surmounted. Sucii a nitch presented itself in a drama 1 had to do with, ancl in which some of the . best points wore to i.e- made through the agency of a dog. Wo advertised for " the ugdioat dog in Mel bourne," and at the hour fixed for applicants to present themselves at thu stage door the hideous canine muzzles in waiting wore only equalled by the villanoiis countenances of their masters. Tutting the matter to the vote amongst the chief members of the company, a selection was at length made; and the chosen annual—a bull-dog of low breed and wonderfully truculent expression—was handed over to the-care of Bon kleeoham, as whose dog he was to figure in the piece, and whom, it was therefore necessary, he should learn to follow. Ben undertook the charge with some misgivings—it seemed that ho had enjoyed previous -experience of this nature in connection with a goat which had given no end of trouble—but he led the brute away by the chain which had to bo purchased with it, and everybody felt, as they viowed Bon's ''sturdy figure disappearing with the new purchase, that if anybody could manage " Bully," Ben was the man. And, indeed, although the brute displayed a desire to make light lunches oil' the calves of Ben's fellow-lodgers, it was in a fair state of Bub;jootion by the time the final rehearsal was called. Ben loft the dog in his dressing - room > unchained, bo as to be quickly, available when wanted, but by some mischance Bully got out before the otto and wandered round of his own sweet will. The first wo knew of it wus a sonos of slirioks from tlio heroine of the drama, with whom his " business" had nothing whatever to do, and who ivus in blissful Ignorance, of his very existence. Bully was sniiling in a con fidential manner at the lady's ankles, which not she Incontinently construed into a desire to sample her as a comestible, and hence her cries, which were verging into hysterica as wo gathered round with otters ox assistance. But tlio assistance remained in the olionug stago, for no sooner did any ono, Ben included, approach the animal, than Bully bared his '/fangs anu gruwimgly offered battle. The hour had acme and witli it the-clog. iJ'or fully ten minutes chu tnat sublimated essence of canine ugliness and ferocity hold a whole stage-fall ol' people at defiance, aha it-was only'when somebody happily suggested saiiaw.iohea, and an offering of these dainties enticed ' h+m stop oy stop into tyie dressing room whw.ro he was^iiuauy sue urea, that ho gave way iu the slightest degree. A. combined protest from tlio ladies, headed by the heroine, resulted in .Bully's part being cut out of the piece, wlule Bully himself, was disposed of gratuitously to a weary wayfarer without, on the condition, promptly fulfilled, of immediate removal. An experience, similar to the foregoing in so far that a dog was the central figure involved, was related to ine by an actor-friend whose ambition led him into the path already so successfully followed by Mr. Charles Arnold. In the pursuance of his design my friend became the possessor of a huge half-grown Newfoundland dog, Avhicli lie temporarily christened Ghost, in order, as he explained, to have him constantly " walking" by his side, though he intended, later on, to give the animal a more euphonious stage name. But Ghost, like his impalp able god-father, did not always " walk" as desired. When not employed in chasing cats, which he would follow even, into hotel bars and so amongst the bottles, where he played sad havoc and caused his master to bo mulcted. in damages, he would be leaping into water troughs in the vain hope of getting a swim, shaking himself dry, of course, where pedestrians most did congregate, or purloin ing (and sirloining) meat from butchers' sliojjs. His crowning exploit was to snatch a duck out of the oven where it was just beginning to brown— the oven-door being open for a moment—and then, as the superheated delicacy burnt his mouth, yet the flavour sank into his canine soul, inducing him to retain his hold, careering wildly around the hotel kitchen, upsetting everything breakable, and two cooks who proved to be only bruisable, giving vent to excruciating howls, muffled only by the duck, until he found an outlet and rushed forth into the Great Hereafter per favour of the wheels of a passing cab, giving' up the duck and his own name simultaneously. To return to our dress rehearsal, which takes place, as a rule, on the night before the new piece is produced. It affords an unrivalled opportunity for testing tlie gas, electric, and limelight effects; it enables the detection of any faults m the general run of costumes, and it gives that exalted functionary Avhoin I have elsewhere styled the Supremo Boss, a sort of coup d'aiil of what he is getting for his outlay,. enabling him, further, to form his own idea of the chances of suc cess. Members of the Press may or may not be present, as the powers that bo have decided, and there is often a sprinkling in the stalls of thoso of the performers who are not actually wanted in any particular scone then being represented, and who thus obtain their only glimpse from beyond the footlights of the xhouo in which they will bo here-. al ter nightly engaged. • ■ In this description of a properly conducted series of rehearsals I have pictured the case of an entirely new and hitherto untried play, where all the prin cipals who so choose can be of more or loss use in helping forward the jn'oduotion, bubthurO are varia tions to be allowed., If' the melodrama, say, lias been imported from London with all the stage clireo • us, out and dried, cardboard models made to ....le for the scenery, and other holps, down to the very posters for,the Avails, thoso concerned are saved from much racking of their Avilling brains. Other departures from the type of rehearsals I have pru senuca are seen AYlien the impending production is a Shaksperian or"legitimate" drama,or whore opera, grand or cornio, modorn comedy or burlesque is in question 5 but the picture I have drawn will at least, I trust,. convince the public that the actor's life is as busy, and liiB duties as onerous in tjpj...day time as they are while lie "struts amPi r etavhis hour upon the stage,"—" Shakspere—l£}i- y [Nexti week's instalment will be/^""'jA>"'Suujj.LMi3 fuAuisu v," an original play a citable, far Ghristuh'tCb representation.] ' . \ \ i V*>**u'•»'1 Ma. John Henry Ooghill lias ooumieu in the Supremo Court of Victoria for ailugtSt oluiwiug AoOO alleged damages from Mr. John Byrne, of• Minders-street, Melbourne, .importer, T;uis Union Company's s.s. lYaihava, 2U0U tons, Captain J, Anderson, loft M olbourue for Now Zealand ports, via Hobart, on December 9. Passengers.—■ Salooni—Mesdamos Wallace, J. Grico, Grieve, Sivift, Benjamin, Gardner, Johuson and child, Stuplotori and child, Baylis, Duncoombe and child, Von Seudon, Ward, Brougli, Buchanan, Sanderson, Borland, Crouch, Liston, Wliitcoombe, Swift, Good, McadoAv cruft, Swift, Herbert aud child, VVhyto, Swift, Hill and child, Windsor,, Terry, Butcher Grace] Misses Bonier, Gibson, Temple, Noble, Major,-Collins, Koch fort, Crooks, Philoox, Howard; Ward, 'Dumwoll, six Sisters of the Mission, * Syuionds, Ji'arris,. Green, Devenish, Gray, Philoox, Buchanan, McFarlane, Lindsay, Bird, Holliok, Mathias, Murray, Armstrong, Capper, Barclay, McGrae, Clark j Messrs. Von Senclon,r .Rev, Maophuil, T'omviolc, Trousselot, Bruce, Johnson and child, Bonn Grieve, Moles worth (a), Wait, Ward, JBrough, Kov. Thomas, Patterson, Aitlcen, . Brett, Parsons, Windsor, Harris unci son, Cliarlosworbh, Terry, Molntyro, 'Hards, Hopkins,1 'Dunsoombo, Gardner (2), Diedriohsen, fWhyto,/ Craytpn, Oaroy, Chichester, Titheradgo, Bouoiaau.lt, Benjamin, Bell, .Booaoy, Lucy, Wallace, Glass, Good, Coiobroolc, Liuimou, Signer CatanJ, Whitoly, Marks, OroAvtlior, Daly, _ Mnohara, Ground, Slattoriclge, MathoAvs, Giauwiu, Cornell j Masters Grico (2), Gardiner.—125 saloon j 7A ateovage. , yc. c " > 