T1IE MYSTERIOUS MESSAGE. A TALE OF THE SEA. By U. P. Davkil. l'liia atoky Noik. — Tlie main incident of tliu following story was told to the writer as an actual expciicncc of tlie individual who narrated it. The present writer lias every reason to credit the veracity of his informant, having heard the main facts uf the ease from more than one person. Names and dates have been allercil, and the plain facts some what dilated — otherwise ihe tale is true. To the incredulous I would say, in the words of a very hackneyed quotation, ' There arc more llnn^s in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' U. P. V. ' True ! I should think it was true,' said Edward Gunning, master mariner. ' Why, 1 was the man who took her in to Riu.' ' Well,' said 1. ' I've heard a good many versions of the story, and I suppose I will now be able to ascertain what really did happen.' We were sitting in the chart-room of the four- in as ted barque Lady Hold ing. The vessel was '? running down the forties,' with a big sea running after /»?/ ; but she had every available stitch of canvas set. She was a new vessel, J on her maiden trip, and her commander, the aforesaid Edward dunning, had determined to, if pos sible, ' break the record.' It was a cold afternoon, and J had sought the shelter of the chart-room and the warmth of the lire, which shed a cozy glow oil the carefully covered settees. The ' Captain' (as lie was, by courtesy, styled) entered shortly after me, and suggested a ' pipe and a whisky' — a bottle of which last was produced from a mysterious recess beneath one of the cushioned seats. As the afternoon wore, on the captain grew discursive, and told stories of famous mux, including the wonderful voyage of the Thermopylae. Gunning himself --or rather his ship — was making splendid progress, and conse quently ihe commander was in the best of tempers — a rather unusual thing for him, as his moods were., in general, somewhat savage. 1 was the only passenger, and was consequently a gootl ileal tlirown into tlie skipper s company. 1 had heard from many different persons, at many different times, many different versions of a certain weird story of the sea, and 1 had on this afternoon mentioned the matter to Gunning, and expressed some doubt as to the actual occurrence of the events which I had been speaking of. My companion was silent for some moments, apparently occupied in thought. At last he jumped np, and said (as already recorded), ' True ! I should think it was true. Why 1 was the man who look her in to liio ! ' Before proceeding any further I should mention that Captain Edward (i mining had little about him beyond the tan on his face to suggest to a casual observer the merchant seaman. He was a man of considerable reading, and something of a scientist, lie was about thirty-Jive years of age, lall, well built, with handsome aquiline features ; blue eyes, which, when their owner was excited, Hashed most menacingly ; fair, silky, close-cropped hair peeped from beneath the smoking cap which (at sea) was his usual liead dr ess, and a long drooping moustache incolour similar to the hair of his head, veiled his upper lip. In appear ance lie was certainly tbe last person one would cursorily credit with a be lief in the supernatural, lint to get on with my story. In answer to my reply enquiring for his version of the story, Captain Gunning narrated as follows : — ' The Esmeralda, as you arc aware, loaded coals at Card ill' for Iquique about the beginning of '81. She was an iron ship of nearly thirteen hundred tons register, well found in every respect, and on the highest class at Lloyd's. She was owned bv 1 ? , II ? , and Com pany, of London. A man named fiinton — poor fellow ! he's drowned now — lost in the Cato last year — had been master from the time the vessel had been launched, He had worked his way upwards in the firm, having entered their service as apprentice when a lad of 11. Well, on the occasion in question lie shipped at Cardiff the usual mixed crew of English, ' white washed ' Yankees, Dutchmen, and French. The men, taken as a body, were rather a good set. There were only two mates — the chief, whose name I think was Harrison, had been in the ship for over a year; the second, a youngster, just passed, was named Braile. The vessel was towed down channel as far as Limdy Island. She had capital luck. Crossed the Bay with rovals set, and nicked up the north-east trades in twelve days. They carried her right over the Line. She was in about latitude Gdeg. south — about the latitude of Cape St. Roque — having just picked up the south-east trades. The .yards had been braceil up, and the vessel was heading a de gree or so to the westward of south south- west, when one night Harrison, the mate, during the middle watch, roused the captain and said, ' I can't make it out, sir ; but for the past three nights someone has been med dling with the log-slate. I have kept a particularly good look-out and I could see no one going into the cabin. It's really most extraordinary, every night the same words — Don't proceed any further than fiOdcg. south — I can tell you, sir, I'm beginning to feel very uncomfortable about tho matter.' 'Stuff and nonsense!' cried Fiin ton, ' have you rubbed out what was on the slate to-night?' ' ' No, sir,' replied Harrison. ' ' Then fetch it here.' ' Tbe mate went to his room, aud in a few minutes returned ?white and trembling. ?'Good God 1 sir,' said he, 'some thing's wrong. It was here plain as plain could be not Jive minutes ago, and the slate's perfectly clean now.' ' Fiinton began to think that the man had been drinking, and said, ? Did you bring any grog aboard, Harrison ' ' Oh ! you fancy I've been drink ing — why 1 havn't touched anything since two days before 1 left Cardii'l ! You needn't think I'm crazy either. Tlie writing was on tne siaie x\ neu j called you — that I am positive of.' ' ' I suppose, said Fiinton, ' some of those young monkeys have been up to some of their tricks. If 1 catch tbe young dug, I'll ropes-end the back oil him !' ' 1 should have said that the ' Es meralda ' carried four apprentices. ''Oh !' said tlie mate, ' It's not been done by either of the boy.-; in my watch, for I've made them wall; tbe lee side of the poop ever since leaving iim-f =? ' ' Well,' said the skipper, pouring out some spirits ' you'd better have a nip now aud then go on deck again. We'll ferret out the aJi'air in the morning.' ' Harrison then went on deck. ' jiefore breakfast Fiinton and the mate had another talk over the nuttier J and the former inquired where the log j slale was kept. Harrison replied that during his watch on deck he always put it under the blankets in his bunk. The skipper then went to Braile and asked him if he'd noticed anything wrong about the slate. 'No,' he at once answered. Fiinton then asked the steward if ho had meddled with it. The astonished negative given by the latter was sufficient evidence of the truth of the assertion. The boys were then called to the cabin, one by one, and told to write on the slate the words, ' Don't proceed any further than oOdeg. south ' — together with their names. The lads speaking of the matter over their breakfast (such as it was) arrived at the conclusion that, 'the old man was on the drunk.' Harrison then examined the hand writings and emphatically asserted that nunc of them in the slightest degree corresponded with that which he had discovered on the slate. ?' Fiinton then told tbe mate to ' ' order all hands aft.' Harrison was about to leave the cabin to do so when the steward went to him and said, ' I f you please, sir, the men's all a, it, | and want's to speak to the skipper.' 'Harrison opened the cabin door and on the quarter-deck the sixteen 1 hands ' comprising the crew, were bUUKUJi^ m it jjjuujj. ' ' Well, boys,' said the chief. ' What do you want '? ' ' Ye wants to zee tie skipper,' said a big Norwegian, who appeared to have been elected spokesman of the party. I may remark that 1 have frequently noticed that on hoard a British vessel a foreigner generally acts as spokesman fur the crew. ' Fiinton then came on deck' and said, 'Now then, men, what's up? Anything wrong with the tucker?' ' ' Pat is all right,' returned Olson (such was the name of the Norwegian sailor), ' but vc wants you to put back !' ' ' The devil you do ! Clear to ? , for'rard out of this '.' roared Fiinton. ''Ye shall not do lioding of de kind,' doggedly replied the man. ' ' Mr. Harrison,' said the captain, ' bring up the irons and put them on that man.' ' ' Pudding de irons on me von'fc do much good,' the fellow remarked respectfully. ''That's so, Dutchie,' remarked the other men, ' not one of us 'ill work in the ship, except to shorten sail, ' unless he puts back.' ' ' What tlie ? should I put back for ?' fairly screamed Fiinton. ' ' Veil, sir, de ship is got ghosts ill I it.' j ' ' Your grandmother's got ghosts in her !' ironically remarked the I skipper. ''Never you mind mine grand - mudder, sir,' menacingly said the spokesman, ' dis ship has got ghosts and put back you'll have to — for vc '11 make you.' ' ' Put that man in irons at once,' roared the skipper. ' Harrison, who had been into the cabin for tho handcuffs and was then unlocking a pair, made a step forward to obey the order. ' ' I'll be d ? if you do,' said half a dozen voices — and the next moment the mate was lying on the deck with a couple of men standing over him with their knives drawn, threatening to cut his throat if lie attempted to ' stir. ' ' Look here, sir,' ' said another of tbe crew, ' we don't intend any thing disrespectful, but there's sonnnat wrong about this 'ere ship. For the last three nights ther's been writ up on the bulkhead in tho foc'sle — Don't let them take the ship below 30 deg. south.' ' ' Strange ! ' unconsciously re marked Fiinton. I ' 'Strange,' returned the man, 'I should think it was strange. No mortal man never wrote them words. I was lying awake just afore six bells this morning, and I saw the letters a comin', one by one, as plain as if someone was standing there with a bit o' chalk in his 'and. I'm telling you the truth, s'elp me Gawd 1 Put back the ship you'll 'avc to.' ' ' Look here, men,' replied the captain, ' of course I'm in your power. 1 can't proceed with the ship if you won't work ; but, so sure as God is ill heaven above, I'll clap the whole lot of you in gaol fur refusing duty, aud I'll try niv best to get you sent up for mutiny.' ' ' We don't care a d ? u if you do,' muttered one or two of the men, ' all we want to do is to get out of this ? y rattletrap.' ' Well, to make a long story short, Fiinton put back to Cardiff and run-in all the crowd for refusing duty, and got the sack from his owners on the following day, as also did the two officers.' (To be continued.) 