NOTES OF THE i)A£ (BY OUTIS.) Afircafc sensation has just been caused in England by evidence given at a murder trial to the effect that " an expert" had been em ployed to shoot a number of corpses in presence ot doctors, wno were tncrcuyenuuieu to judge whether such woundaqus were found upon the victim could have been accidentally self-inflicted. The result of the bombard ment, it appears, was to satisfy them that the injuries could not have resulted from accident. This is what Mr. Body- snatcher Cruncher, of the " Tale of Two Cities," would call " a blazing strange busi ness" all through. Wiiatarc thespccial qualificationsof doctors which enable tUem to decide whether a gun that caused a certain wound was bred by accident or design ? Wherever a man could shoot himself purposely ho could shoot him self inadvertently. And it is the same with rcard to wherever anyone else could shoot him. The converse, though, is hardly true. For as truth is clearer than fiction, even at fiction's own trade, so accident can always go one better than design. The agreement of the doctors that the wound could not have been caused by accident is therefore dmply a ponderous harmony of ignorant pretension, and the jury which would convict even a nigger of robbing a ben- roost, or a politician telling a falsehood ousuch evidence, ought to be immediately drafted out of the box into a lunatic asylum. Next comes the question as to the rights of the corpses which the " expert" with his gun operated upon. The public mind of England is said to be shocked at the dis closure that bullets were fired into dead men's bodies, and tho whole proceeding is denounced as a ghastly injustice. I don't know why it should be. People think nothing of a body being cut up for the instruction of an anatomy class. Where is the intrinsic or even sentimental difference between that and perforating it with bullets for the purpose of eliciting evidence in a capital ease. If any purpose were served on behalf of the living, and no objection was raised by the dead, the "expert" corpse-stalker 'would ply just as legitimate a trade as the anatomical demon strator. The only thing shocking in the case is the ghoulish idiocy which appears to be connected with it. This is as clear from the "side" put on by the man who, because bo could shoot a dead body at threl yards, set up as an expert, as from the smug cock- Burcness of the doctors in agreeing that cer tain wounds could not have been caused by accident. It is an ill wind that blows good to no body. The Franco-Russian alliance, dan gerous as it is to the world's peace, has given a lift to the Tory party in England, mid nerved them to make another desperate dash for ofiico on the strength of it. While the smouldering embers of Jingoism are being assiduously blown upon by worked-up public meetings, Lord Guorgc Hamilton has put a motion on the business paper of the House of Commons practically censuring tho Government for not having enough warships to ensure supremacy over the combined fleets of Erauec and Russia. The "old Parliamentary hand," however, is equal to the occasion, and displays a cun- ningness of fence which promises to knock the weapon out of his assailant's hand at the first bout. He lias already promised to invest in another £8,000,000 worth of lighting tools, and now meets Hamilton's motion with an amendment to tho elleet that " the House relies upon Her Majesty's Ministers submitting fitting proposals witli reference to the navy in due time." How would it have been if, when Mr. .Leo's direct censure vote in reference to tho taking of the unti- Statc briefs by Ministers first saw the light, the Government, instead of trying to dodge it, and thereby bringing down a fatal ad. juurnmenf motion, bad promptly confronted it with an amendment declaring that the House relied upon tliem to take fitting measures for preventing any repetition of the abuse. Wo may be able to teach England how to play cricket; and propel outriggers, but there arc, nevertheless, somo games in which her champions can still give points to our beat men. Even the splendidly-acting Tom ia not in it with the grand old miuici'uvrer wiion a really knotty problem in political strategy has to be solved. The cheerful bacteriologist continues to flourish like the green bay tree, and it is a cold day when he does not extort from mother Nature the secret of at least one bran-new terror. Everything,- from ocean brine to bank notes, has now been pressed into the essence of the microbe, so that go where wo will, that vindictive animalculo ia on our track. The latest discovery is that disease germs can bo transmitted by bullets, ami that if you shoot a man you expose him to the risk of typhoid, or perhaps tuberculosis. Whether this will tend to render war repugnant to human feeling and hasten the international disarmament has now to be scon. There is a story told of General Changarnier that; once while the bullets were raining round him during a battle with Arabs lie was reminded of the foollmvdiness of exposing himself in such a dangerous position. "Quite true," said tho general, who bad a morbid dread of rheu matics, as he hastily buttoned up his coat, " I forgot that wo wore lighting in a gorge." If the scien tists can induce the nations to similarly femcmber that they run tho risk of trans fitting microbes when they declare war, and on that ground give up shooting as danger ous to health, bacteriology will not have been discovered in vain. Bub it is long odds against them all tho same. As an illustration of the pathetic horrors of the great life battle of the nineteenth century it would ho difficult to find any thing mora graphic than a case of juvenile suicide recently reported from Dublin. A well-to-do man with a wife and four young children went under in tho crush of business never to riso again. Ho ended his despair by ending his life, leaving his widow and family destitute. The eldest boy, K years old, attempted t;o tako up the light for bread on behalf of the rest, in which his father had been worsted, but without success. Then ho determined to oiler his own life as their ransom from starva tion. Here is how the simple-minded little martyr went about it. Mustering up HI the money he could ho expended it in ; articles which are sold along with accident assurance cot pi. a, and with these in his pocket ho deliberately drowned himself, Laving the following letter : — " Dear Mother,— I spent tho four and sixpence half penny for your benefit, and I hope tho money it will bring you will help you to forgive my rash act. Tell tho polico to search in tho ( 'mrboratPortobello, and when they have found me get them to write a description of my clothes and what I have in my pockets. They Mil iiiul a cap that cost 6d, and will entitle you to £200 insurance money ; pair of sua- pcntlery, 4.U1, with a coupon on them for £300: a belt, 6d, for £100 ; and papers, one entitling you to £1000, and the others to £500 each— in all £3500. Don't spend too much on my funeral, and mind the money, Miieh will make you rich. — Your loving son, rtiinixann dk Fkkvnk Rucx/.i j>k Couhuv. LS.— Goodbye, " Ho didnotknowthatthis in. validated tho insurance policies, and rendered Jus martyrdom a vain sacrifice to relentless lute. P.S.— Goodbye, Ferdinand, and may your poor little ghost, wherever it may be, never find out. 