MARVELS OP ELECTRICITY. GRAND DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. [By our Special Correspondent 1 Chicago, July 17, 1893. The moment) one begins to write about modern developments of electricity all tho ad jectives in the dictionary expressive of astonishment and admiration eeem to muster themselves ready for immediate use. After studying the wonders ee.t forth in the Electrical Building of the World's Columbian Exposition one finds it a hard task to write calmly ana eedateiy of the marvellous dispi&y.; To the general observer the infinite variety of the UEFfl to which electricity is pat comes as a revelation. To the specialist theoretical or practical, there is presented an almost be wildering aggregation of the most delicate apparatus and beautiful machinery. It has to be remembered that the Exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative cf tbe re cent advances made by the youngest and greatest of the practical sciences. When the Paris Exposition hung out 1,100 arc lights and arrayed 9,000 incaadt¢ lamps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts that tifort com pletely in the ehada, literally as well as metaphorically, for here there are 5,000 arc lights and no tevpfer than 110,000 incandescent lauipa. The exquisite lovtiliiibss of tho night scene when the Court of Honor is lit up with myriads of electric lamp?, dotting out every line in the beautiful facades of the Agricultural, Machinery, Electricity, aud Manufacture Buildings, tracing with linee of lire thtt Grecian-like peristyle with its noble column and magcifioecS surmounting statuary, out lining in the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Bui'dingr, tho architectural pens by universal consent of all the World's Fair palaces, running around the marble balus trades thit encircle tue gleaming ivatem of tbe lagoon, shedding over lake aud verdant turf and Enow-white colonnades alike a soft effulgence that pales the moonlight, and ie more grateful to the eye than the garish fflitre of the midday eon — this is e, fcene that words cannot paint. Ic if, moreover, a scene that electricity alone renders possible. A beautiful accessory is the electric fountains, throwing np coiun'Hp of taiobow-hat-ri wzux, from which break clunks of spray, gleaming uon- like rabies, and & mumma hence like e&eralds; or sapphire*. Skimming over the lagoon, and dartinp- underneath the bridges, are silently gliding tfc-=tric launches, which (side by side with the picturesque gondolas and paily-clad gondoliers bring the o!d and the new so vividly topether. Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole, range of the park like eo many ghost lights, eending cones of effulgence across tho broad busom of Lake Michigan, cauait'g the distant domesaud minarets of the Midway Ploisacca templis and palaces to glisten like carven pillars of enowt penetrating to the silent prairie a score of miles beyond the roaring city, are the gigantic search limits which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious speutacla to contemplate witb the eye, but a yet more wonderful picture to iiunress upon the mind, for so impressed it will afford for lone days to come food lor medi tatioa on the boundless poEsibihcies of electri cal fcienee. Within the four walls of the building specially devoted to electricity it is almost needless to s&j; is t!ie largest and mo=t com plete display of electrical machinery and appliances the wo»!-1 has ever seen. Indetsd no department of tho whole Exhibition is so j thoroughly up to date as the electrical, for the simple reason tbab the history of the modern applications of electricity is pretty well coai paseed by half a century of years. To realise the extreme youth of the science it is merely necessary to look at the dynamos which were shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1870, and are now at Chicago placed side by aide with the rco»t n*iut machines aa arehtcoloKical curiosities. The historical aspectbof toe display are indeed among its oiGst intensely iatem/tiag feature. The firet telephone, the first phonograph, the first arc lamp, the first electric motor, are all things ot yesterday, but one looks upon them and examinee their partis with rou-li the same feelings as one Rtands within th» pyramids of the Nile and iucales the musty atmosphere impregnated with thcdtiat of mummies 5,000 years old. Let me take my readers nn-t of all »o Edison's phonoerapb pavil'on, and let them mark the progress of one brief decade. In an honored place stands the firs: pbonoenph of the great invtjntor, a marVE-iIouft'y delicate appliance, but with its tinfoil barrel a crude machine in deed side by Bide witb the delicately fa-hioned inetrament of to-day, whose waxen cylinder prF»erve« for ail time with the moat minnte fidelity the fa:nte*s waves of siund. Now note a few of tbf recent applications of the phonograph. First is its domt-^tic use — a FmaU table with r.u abundant eu;-ply of tubes is the centre from which orchestral and vocal mnsic, recitations, &c.; sr« euf, -plied to all the household whenever desired. Nest is the com mercial application, economising labor and time in the othces of merchants, bankers, and other business men. One exemplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the type-writer's desk, at whi.-b, withmir the medium of shorthand. letters are transcribed that have bmw spoken into the machine an anytime, and n-ichouc awraitincr the attendance of the etcnoirrapher. Thirdly^ th« phonograph is applied to educational pur poses ; you take your French, German, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lesson-book, but you not merely master with the eye the vocabulary, declension*, and rules of evntai, but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and ag∈ with infinite patience, and «- pives you complete facilities for acquiring the tutwt perfect socenfc of Paris or Berlin, Rome or Madrid. These are or.lv a few out of scores of applications to which the phonograph is to bi put ia tho home, ia the oUiew, and in the study. It is within the rie«r fu'.ure tlmt thy disadvantages of deafness will be obviated by the uee of the instrument, and it is not too much to say that standing in Editon's pavilion ax Chicago we are on the very threshold of numberless wonder? from which tbe curtain will be drawn before tbe bells ruig out the old and rin? in the new centurv. The therapeutical applications of electricity have come t - be so numerous and important that electro-therapeutics may be considered to be a special department ot medical and .surgical science. Batteries for the use of physicians and a va-'t number of electrical instruments ench aa exploring needles', electrodes, syrings', &c;, are displayed. The subject is too technical for a general article, butepecialistemiy have the assurance that if they come to Chicago they will find provided for them an exhibition of every known application of electricity to medical treatment. In dentistry, also, there are important developments to be noted. Most important of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or arc light circuit as the motive power for the deli cate drills, hammers, &c.;, which form the equi pment of every modern dentist's operating room. Beyond the medical section is exhibited one of tbe most) recent and most marvellous de velopments of electricity— the telautograph or long distance writing machine. This system in destined to revolutionise tele graphy, for the operator at one end of the circuit writes the measage, and at the other end an automatic pen working in response to the electrical stimulation traces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity. The problem of fac-simd* telegraph vis by no means a. new one, but its solution by Professor Elisha Gray, the famous Amerinan inventor in tbe iielus of telegraphy and telephony, is a triumph of the past few months. By the machine be has designed for tbe pur]X-se the physician may write his prescription ia the chemist's shop in another pare of the city, the broker may make a contract from his office on the Btock exchange in his own fac-simile writing that fciands as a 'permanent and exact record of the transaction, the banker can £)gn his cheque a thousand miles away, and the newspaper artist can instantaneously transmit his picture of the scene of an accident right from the spot tc the engraving-room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of whet may be, for the World's Fair visitor has tbe chance of Booing the marvellous opsrationa actually performed. Older, but infinitely interesting, is the system of ocean telegraphy which tbe M&cJray-; Bennett Company fully illustrates. The sending and receiving or messages are par formed by the identical instruments used far the work and under almost precisely einiilar conditions, tho mere fact of the cable being only a few score of yards instead of a few thousand miles loug counting as absolutely nothing so far as tbe electricity that performs tha service is concerned. Most people have the iaua that cablegrams are received by clentrio iiahhes of ii^iit. But thin is not so. The recording system U really not unlike the pnncitjleof the telautograph, for a glass syphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a stream of ink from & reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a unilorm speed, and the ir.ky trail ko left, many times increased in sizs from tha electric cull by a simple mechanical process, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate, movements of the coil under the influence of the currents from the cable. Tbe wary picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can read at a glance. It wiil surprise no one who has spent a eingle halt hour in the. pallary where the exhibits I have just d*-ssribi-d are placed to tind a tailor's cutter who is busy cutting cut 'if) overcoats at one nud the kuuio instant by rii^uri* -:f an electricalty- operatod knife making ?J .'-'--! htrokvis p--r minute ; to eucouuter an fertidQ totobitg heuutuul designs on gl»s3 by means of an incandescent wire ; to witness a avsteai of teil-tale eltctrio clocks which record the exact whereabouts of each watchman all night long, or the patrols of several hundreds of policemen ; or to come across chickens and ducklings being hatched out in an incubator where temperature is supplied and automatically regulated by electricity. These phenomena' come to be looked upon as mere trifles by tbe visitor sur feited with marvels. But the electric cooking kitchen is a spot where n at merely every house wife loves do Linger, bat; every man is charmed and amazed. It ia a paragon of cleanliness aud efficiency. ' Yon push the button ; we do the rest,' is the motto of tbe firm exhibiting tbe apparatus, and the advantages of cooking by electricity are gummed up under the following heads -.— 'The economy of the electric current U found in the rule — turn it off when you ctaae to need it. ' As this role is observed, it ia cheaper or dearer than coaL 'PiJinu on fuel is tho last act on leaving a coal stove, that there may be a. fire when you renrn. ' Th» electric current may be turned off — certain of immediate heat as Boon as turned on. 'The curreut, as fuel, requires no storage bin, no kindling, no delay ie obtaining teat. ' You buy current at a fixed rate, as needed. Yon pay for ooal in advance and at varying prices. ''No carrying of coal or ashes, no kindling of fires, renders miserable the jives of those who use the eleatric current for fueL 'A range requirss as much coal to boil a pot of tea as it does to cook a dinner. ' The electric current need is just sufficient to accomplish the purpose desired; no more— hence the economy. ' in summer directly the meal is cooked the current miy be turned off. Coal may take hours to burn itr*lf out, roasting you while making you pay for wbac you do not need. ' Meat roasted in aa electric oven will retain to a much greater extent its juices, and will weigh 15 per cent, more than if cooked in a coal range. ' There is absolutely no odor or foreign taste in meats broiled or roasted by electric energy. 'As compared with coal thecurreat eaves to the careful money, time, room, and labor, as veil as much wear and tear of mind. 'Tho electric stove is never late ; water boils in four minutes ; a cup of coffea is quickly made ; economy takes the place of waste, and housekeeping becomes a luxury. ' If Bridget leaves we still existjr' Inspection of .the various cooking ap pliances an work will speedily convince tbe enquirer that die advantages thus claimed Are really obtained and are not overstated. Coffee, egga, pancakes, 4c, are actually cooked at the breakfast table be pimply turning on the current. The turkey or joiiitin theoven needE no basting for the reason that the temperature at the top and beoeaib ie absolutely uniform. This equal distribution of heat enablts the nancakes aoove mentioned to be cooked without lard, butter, or fat, so that t'aere is perfect deanlicest and no uEtm bive odor frcni the cookicz. The oven can for that matter be in the parlor juBt &3 well as in the kitchen, for the insulation ie fco perfect that while tbe inside registers a temperature of 3S0° the outside is eo cold that a jar of water can stand on it without heating. Similarly tbe fryinc-pan on which a cake is cooking ie quite cold oelow and can be carried about upon the baud. This wonderful adaption of electricity is per fectly free from danger. I handled the wires, and by actual contact at two points experienced the full shock of tbe current, which was nothing more serio-js than might have been caused by the slight prescure of a pin point. The coolriae apparatus can be brought into u=e whtrever there is a circuit, arc or incandescent. A low voitage curri-ut is to be preferred, but trans muting appjienefs adapt the moro powerful cu-rbnt for domestic use in the kitchen. The ordinary light fittings are utilised ; thus, if you wish to iron clothes you simply unscrew the g!obe of an incandeso-nt lamp, bitch on the wire connected to your flat-iron, and the latter is hot in a few seconds and can he used con tinuously for hours, there being no nted to carry it away to a lire for reheating. I tried to ascertain the cost of cooking by electricity. and was informed that electric heat for the cooking, wa-hin£, and ironing of a family of fix (wreouK can be supplied in most American towns for 5 dollars, or under, per uioi.th, thut is £1 per inontb --r £12 per year. If this figure U correct it ia safe to predict that gas stores and coal ovens will be knocked out ol existence for domestic cooking in 10 ye.-irs' time. No coal, no wood, not even a match for kindlii.g ; no &*he?, no smoke, no dutt, nu labor, bo odor, no danger ; no heat but what is actually utilised, and conf-oueutlv nowaate. These an a category of negative uoints of advantage that cannot be approached by sny other form of cooking apparatus. The univeiea! application of the tjfctem is therefore only a question of time. Fire alarms and police telegraph boxes whence requests for assistance, tne patrol wac;»DD, the amhulkuoe, »i!d ot.b*r things can be instantly sipialled, and are well enough kno«n to nued no particularised nitotion. An auto matic telephone exchange, however, is quite new and very important. This invention en tirely eliminates the central exchange; an automatic switch takes its p!aoe, aud does not require the attendance of operators night or day. At the battery box of the telephone of tt&ch; subscriber there is placed a email key board, comprising three, four, or five keys, according to tbe total number of eubscrihx-rs. Suppose you with to ring up number 54,876, j you press the nr»t key nve times, tbe second four Pme, the third eight times, the fourth seren tiroes, and the fif r,h e.ix times ; the connection with the desiderated number !.' then automatically complete. This is perhaps a. cumbrous process, aud the ordinary exchange s-ystem is not likely to be eaperseded in big cities. But in email town* with vniy a few hundred Mib^cribert. or in a large factory or business bouse, the automatic switch board ie bound to prove useful. All the appliance* above described are in the gallery of the building. On the main f.oor are the national exhibit!* of Oreat Hritain, France, Germany, and the United States, all replete with interest and crowded with material for study by the expert and the exjxjrimenttr. Historical apparatus will be found in' every court, and the early machines of only a few years ago form intensely interesting contract to the appliances of to-day. The British exhibit illustrating the complete history of telepraphy is particularly valuable. Host of the machines and appliances shown in the several courts are far too delicate, and would require too technical a description for a general newspaper article. Prominent features, howeve', may be indicated. Railway and tramway motors, cars, and truckn, are exhibited in great variety. Beautiful arc and incandescent fixtures mark a great advance in the practical utilisation of electric lighting for halls, churches, and the home. Miaing ma chinery of all kinds, drills, ore cutters, pumps, hoiits, &c.; point to the general utilisation of the n-:w power in underground workings in the very near future, for the 6ase with which the tools can bo shifted from one place to the other, and the absence of rock or coal dust (so largely created by the use of compressed air) constitute, among several others, advantages of immense importanceover all rival systems. .Electrical forging and weld ing form one of the wonders of the exhibition. Matsea of rpetal are brought to a white heat in a few minutes and rivets are almost instantly melted out of boiler plates. Fur the welding of email pieces, it is — incredible dictu — merely necessary to plunge the iron into a bucket of electrically-charged water, and the portion in the water almost instantly becomes red hot, while the part held by the hand remains quite cold. This wonderful phenomenon is caused by the decomposition of the water creat ing a film of hydrogen around the sub merged metal, the high resistance thus set np engendering tbe heat. Another beauti ful and extremely eimple apparatus is a derriok provided with an electro magnet, which picks up pieces of metal and machinery weigh ing2,O0U pounds without hookor mate rialatt&eh-; ment of any kind. An application of the over head system of wires for electric tramway cars is shown, adapted to canal boats by means of a side boom to tap the current. Search-lights and lighthouse apparatus constitute two inte resting displays. Electric elevators are at work, acd ehowthao for this lite the new power already disputes the place held by steam end water. The wonderful Japanese are to the fore with delicate electrical appa ratus for measuring seismic disturbances. The lens-distance telephone has a pavilion to itself, where concerts can be beard from tbe centre of the' city ten miles away, and also from Milwaukee and other towns over 100 miles miles distant. The marvellously rapid develop ment in the use of the ordinary telephone is told by the following wall inscription : — Telephone* in tfce U.S. on Dee. 20, 1£~_ 6.TS7 ' ' ' lk»l.. fi52.7£0 There are over 500,000 miles of telephone wire in use in the United States, and laet year more than 000,000,000 conversa tions were held by their medium. At night time the wizard effects produced by the electric light currents are amazing and euperb. There a-re several illuminated yigns composed of hundreds of incandescent lamps, which, variously colored, shew out with all the beau tiful effects of stained glass. There are. towers of varying liphfi throwing forth with quick changes from thousands of priems all the hues of the rainbow. Tliore aro theatrical effects of ftashuig forked lightning that fairly daz:.le tha eye. These are but a few amoijg many devices for spectacular illumination shown in this veritable Aliadin's palace of beauties and of wonders. __^___^^^_^__ 