OUR NOVEL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ALL ALONG THE RIVER, BY MISS ME. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians : or, All in Honpar," *. Aurora Floyd," The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," ; Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," Etc, No. (Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER XXVII. (Continued.) " Though Love and Life and Death should Come and Go." There were only men on board. There was no woman to whose compassion she could appeal, no woman to lend her clothes to cover her. She saw herself once again in the Venetian glass, in her long trained petticoat of muslin and lace, so daintily fresh when she dressed for the ball maslin and lace soddened by the sea, torn to shreds where her feet had caught in the delicate flounces as she stumbled down the companion during last night's storm. A fitting costume in which to travel from Arcachon to London, as verily I She opened a door leading to an inner cabin, which contained bed and bath, and all toilet appliances. Hanging against the wall there were three dressing gowns, the lightest and least masculine of the three being a robe of Indian camera hair, embroidered with dull, brown silk-a neutral tinted shapeless garment with loose sleeves and a girdle. Here, within locked doors, she made her hurried toilet, with much cold water. She brushed her long, ragged hair with one of the humblest of the brushes. She would not take so much as a few drops from the great crystal bottle of eau-de- Cologne which was held in a silver frame suspended from the ceiling. Nothing of his would she touch, nothing belonging to the man who wanted to pour his fortune into her lap, to make his life her life, his estate her estate, his name her name, could she but survive the ordeal of the divorce court, and free herself from old ties. She rolled her hair in a large coil at the back of her head. She put on the camel's hair dressing gown, and tied the girdle round her long, slim waist, and having done this she looked altogether a different creature from that vision of haggard shame which she had seen just now with loathing. She had a curious puritan hair in her sad coloured raiment and braided hair, s Scarcely had she finished when she heard the dip of oars, and looking out in an agony of horror at the apprehension of Lostwithiel's return, she saw a boat laden , with two big milliner's baskets, and with a woman sitting in the stern. The men who were rowing this boat were not of the crew of the Vendetta. She had not long to wonder. She unlocked her door, and went into the adjoining cabin, while the boat - came along side, and women and baskets were hauled f upon the deck. Three minutes afterwards the cabin boy knocked at her door, and (told her that there was a person from Arcachon to see her, a dressmaker with things that had been ordered for her. She unlocked the door, for the first time since she locked it last night, and found herself face to face with a smiling young person, whose black eyes and olive complexion were ^ warm with the glow of the south, golden in the eyes, carnation on the plump oval cheeks. This young person had the honour to bring the trousseau which Monsieur had sent for Madame's inspection. Monsieur had told her how sadly inconvenienced Madame had been by the accident by which all her luggage had been left upon the quay at the moment of sailing. In truth it must have been distressing for Madame, as it had evidently been dis- tressing for Monsieur in his profound sympathy with Madame, his wife, In the meantime she, the young person, had complied with Monsieur's orders, and had brought all that there was of the best and most Parisian for Madame's gracious inspection. The cabin boy brought in the two baskets, which the milliner opened with an air, taking out the delicate lingerie, the soft silk and softer cashmere- peignoirs, frilled petticoats, a fluff-and flutter of creamy lace and pale satin ribbons, trans- forming simplest garments into things of beauty. She spread out her wares, chattering all the while, and then looked at ( Madame for approval. Isola scarcely glanced at all the finery. She pointed to the only plain walking gown among all the delicate prettinesses, the silk and cashmere and lace grey tweed tailor gown, with no adornment * except a little narrow black braid. " I will keep that," she said, and one set of under linen, the plainest. You can make all the rest of the things back to your shop. Please help me to dress as quickly as you can I want to go on shore in the boat that carries you back' " But, Madame, Monsieur insisted that I should bring a complete trousseau. He wished Madame to supply herself with all things needful for a long cruise in the south." "He was mistaken. My luggage is safe enough. I shall have it again in a few days. I only want clothes to wear for a day or two. Kindly do what I ask." Her tone was so authoritative that the milliner complied, reluctantly, and murmuring persuasive little speeches while she assisted Madame to dress. All that she had brought were of the most new expressly arrived from Paris, from one of most distinguished establishments in the Rue de la Paix. Fashions change so quickly and the present fashion was so enchanting, so original. She must be pardoned if she suggested that nothing in Madam's wardrobe could be so new or so elegant as these last triumphs of an artistic faiseur. Madame took no heed of her eloquence, but hurried through the simple toilet, insisted upon all the finery being replaced in the two baskets, and then went upon the deck with the milliner. [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the West Australian. "I am going on shore to his lordship," she said, with quiet authority to the captain. It was a deliberate lie the first she had told, but not the last she would have to tell. She landed on the beach at Arcachon penniless, but with a diamond ring on her wedding finger-her engagement ring which she knew by a careless admission of Martin Disney to have cost fifty pounds. She left the milliner and went into the little town, dreading to meet Lostwithiel at every step. She found a complacent jeweller who was willing to advance twenty-five Napoleons upon the ring, and who promised to return it to her on the receipt of that sum with a bagatelle of twenty francs for interest, since Madame would redeem it almost immediately. Furnished with this money she drove straight to the station, and waited there in the most obscure corner she could find till the first train left for Bordeaux. At Bordeaux she had a long time to wait, still in hiding, before the express left for Paris and then came the long, lonely journey-from Bordeaux- from Paris to London from London to Tresco it seemed an endless pilgrimage, a night- mare dream of dark night and wintry day, made hideous by the ceaseless throb of the engine, the perpetual odour and smoke. She reached Trelasco somehow, and sank exhausted in Tabitha's arms. " What day is it ?" she asked faintly, looking round the familiar room as if she had never seen it before. Thursday, ma'am. You have been away over a week," the old servant and swered, coldly. It was the next day that Tabitha told her mistress she must leave her "There is no need to talk about what has happened," she said. "I have kept your secret. I have let no one knew that you were away. I packed Susan off for a holiday the morning after the ball. I don't believe anyone knows anything about you unless you were seen yesterday on your way home." Then came stern words of renunciation, a good woman's protest against sin. CHAPTER XXVII. I, Your, and God, can comprehend EACH OTHER. It was two months after Allegra's wedding day, and Martin Dorney had been warned that the closing hour of the young life he had watched tenderly was not far off. It might come to-morrow ; or it might not come for a week ; or the linger- ing flame might go flickering on, fainting and reviving in the socket, for another month. He must hold himself prepared for the worst. Death might come suddenly at the last, like a thief in the night ; or by stealth, gradual steps and slowest progress from life to day. He sat beside Isola's sofa in the Roman lodging as he had sat beside her bed in that long illness at Trelasco, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. He watched as faithfully as he had watched then, but this time without hope. Father Rodwell had been with her at seven o'clock upon the last three mornings, and had administered the sacrament to her husband, and to the faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the last ; but she rallied a little as the day wore on, and lived till sunset ; lived through the long painful night, and another day dawned, and he found her waiting for him in the morning, ready to greet him with her pale smile when he appeared upon the threshold of her room, after going up the staircase in saddest apprehension, dreading to hear that all was over except the funeral service and the funeral bell. She insisted upon getting up and going into the drawing-room, feeble as she was. Tabitha was so handy and so helpful that the fatigue of an invalid's toilet was lightened to the uttermost. Tabitha and the Colonel carried her from the bed-room to the drawing room upon her couch, and carried the couch back in the evening. Before noon she was lying in the sunlit salon, surrounded with flowers and photographs and books and newspapers, and all things that lighten the monotonous hours of sickness. Nor was companionship ever wanting. Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing patience. Upon no pretence would he leave her for more than half an hour at a time-just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via de' Condotti and the Corso ; just the space of a cigar in the loggia. He read to her, he talked to her, he waited upon her. Tabitha and he were her only nurses; for Letcher was a young woman of profound concentration of motive, and had early taken unto herself the motto, One baby, one nurse. She conscientiously performed her duty to her infant charge; but she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was drawing towards the end of July; the weather had been lovely hitherto hot, and very hot, but not in- supportable for those who could afford to dawdle and sleep away their midday and afternoon existence-who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings, and a carriage to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. In the suburbs of the great city, across the arid Campagna yonder, at Tripoli, and Frascati, and Albany, and Castel Gandolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under Love's broad roof, with dancing and sports, and music and feasting, and rustic, innocent kisses, snatched amidst the darkness of groves whose only lamps are fireflies deep woods of flex, where the nightingale sings long and late, and the grasshopper trills his good night through the perfumed herbage Here, in Rome, the heat was more oppressive, and the splashing of the city's many fountains was the only relief from the glare and dazzle of the piazzas, the vivid whiteness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boulevards. Blinds were lowered, and shops were shut, in the blinding noontide heat, and through the early afternoon the eternal city was almost as silent and reposeful as the sleeping beauty-to awaken at sun- down to moved, and life, and music, and singing, in lighted streets and crowded cafes. Suddenly, in the dim gray of the morning, the slumberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain-torronted rain, that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter and splashed from every housetop, and ran in wild cascades from every alley on the steep hillsides. The Campagna was one vast lake, illumined with vivid flashes of lightning, and the thunder pealed and reveller ated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aqueducts. The tall cypresses in the Pin- dan Gardens bent like saplings before that mighty wind, which seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as it came tearing down from the hill to whistle and rave among the housetops in the Piazza de Spagna. " One would think the ghost of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the temp- est," said Isola, as she listened to the fit- ful sobbing of the wind late in the dull grey afternoon, while her husband and Father Rodwell sat near her coach, keeping up that sad and pretence of cheerful nest which love struggles to maintain upon the very edge of the grave-the broken-hearted make-believe of those who know that death waits at the door. 'Hark she cried. "There comes a shrill cry every now and then like the scream of a wicked spirit in pain." " Rome is full of ghosts' answered the priest, " but there are the shadows of the good and the great as well as of the wick- ed. Walking alone in the twilight on the Aventine, I should hardly be surprised to meet the spirit of Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scenes of his saintly life ; nor do I ever go into the Pantheon at dusk without half expecting to see the shade of Raff aelle. And there are others some I knew in the flesh-Wiseman and Antonelli, Gibson, the sculptor, con- summate artist and gentlest of men yes, Rome is full of the shadows of the good and the wise. One can afford to put up with Nero." " You don't mean me to think that you believe in ghosts?" asked Isola, deeply interested. It was only five o'clock, yet the sky was S ey with the greyness of late evening, ere in this land of light and sunshine there had been all day long the brooding gloom of storm clouds, and a sky that was dark as winter. " I won't analyse my own feelings on the subject ; I will quote the words of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sit sometimes when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley had not shrunk from facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world-of an invisible alter existence upon the earth when the body is dust under the sod. ' Is the mother of our Lord now existing ?" he asks, and answers, ' Yes. I believe that all fathers, mothers, sons and daughters are now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodies as far as we can trace her work; but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Virgil and in the agNew Testament.' This existence I am permitted to believe is a conscious and active existence Canon Mozley, the man who wrote those words and much more in the same strain, was not an idle visionary. If he could afford to believe in the presence of the dead among us, why so can I. And I believe that Gregory the Great has whispered at the ear of many a Holy Father in the long line of his successors, and has influenced many a Cardinal's vote, and has been an invisible power in many a council." " I like to believe in ghosts," said Isola, gently. " But I thank God those that I love are still in this life." She held out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it tenderly, bending his lips to kiss the pale, thin fingers. Oh, Death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false. She had wronged him and dishonoured herself, cruelly, cruelly, most cruelly; but she had suffered and repented, and she was passing away from him. Let the broken spirit pass in peace let the fainting soul depart in an almost thereof love. That day wore itself out in storm and tempest, and the night came on like a fierce death-struggle and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night and again next day there were gloom and darkness, and a sky heaped up with great lead-coloured clouds; and again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and played in the streets below ; a dreary day to be endured even by the healthy and the happiest day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to the lowest depth and for the first time since Allegra's marriage she talked hopelessly of their separation. " If I could only see her once more before I die," she sighed. "My beloved, you shall see her as soon as the railway can bring her here. Remember, it is you who have forbidden me to send for her. You know how dearly she loves you-how willingly she would come to you. I'll telegraph to her within half an hour." " No, no, no," Isola protested, hurriedly. " No. we can never meet again in this world. I took my farewell of her in the church. I meant it to be farewell. I was very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. It was a selfish repining that made me ask for her just now. I would not have her summoned here for worlds. She is so happy at- Venice - happy in her honeymoon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin noth- ing till yon can tell her that my days have ended peacefully. She has borne her burden for me in the past. I want her to be free from all care about me but not to forget me." " She will not forget, Isola. She loves you fondly and truly." " Yes, I am sure of that. She was dearer to me than my own sister cared for me much more than Gwendoline ever cared, though Gwen and I were always good friends. Poor, frivolous Gwen ! She writes me affectionate letters, hoping she may get to Italy in the autumn, though it is impossible for her to come just now. And mother and father write to me just in the same way-mother regretting that her health won't allow her to leave Dinan; father hoping to see me in the autumn. Their letters are full of hopefulness." Her husband read to her for the greater part of the long, gloomy day. He read St. Thomas a Kempis for some part of the time. The book had been on the little table by her side throughout her illness. He read two or three of Frederick Robertson's sermons, and for occasional respite from too serious thought he read her favourite poems- Adonais, Alastor, and some of Shelley's lovely lines and those passages in Childe Harold which had acquired a new charm for her since she had grown familiar with Rome. " Read to me about peace' she said, "and let me think of Alleffrn and Captain Hulbert. I love to fancy they gliding along those narrow, picturesque streets in the great, graceful, ponderous gondola I know so well. It is so nice to know of their happiness and that they will never be parted." So the long summer day without the glow and glory of summer wore on, and except for her excessive languor and feebleness there were no indications that the patient's state was any worse than it had been for some weeks. The doctor ( came late in the afternoon, and felt her pulse, and talked to her a little, but it was easy to see that his visit was only a formula, and that he had no hope of doing her any good. "You have such an excellent nurse, Mrs. Disney, that I consider my position almost a sinecure," he said, smiling at the faithful Tabitha, who stood waiting for his instructions, and who never forgot the minutest detail. Tabitha came in from the adjoining bedroom every now and then, and adjusted the pillows on the sofa, and sprinkled eau-de-Cologne, or fanned the invalid with a large Japanese fan or arranged the silken coverlet over her feet or brought her some small refreshment in the way of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and assisted her to take it, talking just as much or as little as seemed prudent, always careful neither to fatigue not excite her charge. (To be concluded on Saturday.) 