i TUE CULT OF UHLAN CHOMA, Tno century oppoars to be dying oí » kind ol monti dyspepsia, A* it* jew» of llio grow fewer, lu miad becomes moro and moro a prey to every specie« oí morbid influence. Liko Mac beti, lt ia supping fall of borrón Lettre departing to ito final nat ; »ad ibo diet it» which it so rcckJcsaly revel» in extremo old og o ls producing na e licet upon tho misguided uonaginsrian tbat ia nothing short of disastrous. LiUJe did tho eheery and optiwiltio creator of ibo Fat Dey dream tbst that ghoulish youth would Ixcome, before tho century *=* » «7P0 exemplar Ol' tho average Brilon. But so it is. Wo ore all Fat Boys nowadays. owl, " T cuss our varied courses of horrifie furo, we becomo mere and moro conscious of tho increase vi syp* ti to that grow* by what it feeds on. Surer, surely, waa such an era of ru ¡sc elenco us ?' diemal* " aa this. Who» wo aro not committing suicido our- selves or defending iU tommiwion by our neigh- bours, we oro meetly erifc-agid in seein; spooks," sampling pcssimiilío plays, and wrestling willi uaturalistio novel*. To bo o Knight-or Darno of thu Burful Counteaaaco is ealy t. put -oneself in touch with the prevailing spirit of the century end. Unless ene is prepared M *a*"ociaf virtue? ondto líoíd'wierd intérieur» with disagreeable ntamiU devoid cf the faintest sons* of humour, ono feels just a trifle lest io tho days tia at pass. Ch cc rf ula uri hu beceaao o vice, contentment & crime, and laughter an ou trag o amone- tho end-vus r/cd misanthropes of what wu once Merry Estland. The complaint that wo toke our pleasures sadly bas lost ¡tu meaning, fer wo have learnt to moke o pleasure of sada OM itself. miserable, tba iiarrewïujr'and tho morbid cf all the demand by velauring our fiction, our drama, and even our newspaper corrcspondcuoo, with tho ramosoaibru hue. Years age Mr. Toole need to delight Adelphi audiencia with a certain " Ilor rilileTnle," which dcocribud tho varying methods of (iuitting tho world adapted Ly the several memUnra af 0 deprooaed and despairing family circle. If the once familiar diUy were ruvi*ed to-day, it would stand a very fair chane* of aeriell* acceptance as o faithful picture by Colonel Sinnett und Mrf Stead for tho melancholy purposes of their uncanny pro explanation of tho fact (hut tho wituiaa of asserted misery that has lately overhung us Ls* ls wared with peculiar density over tin columns of the eveuiug papen. Though tho duty of lhviruTcutfc' Jpidoraic^of^orc ctur. Drunken wives, ill-used hospital nurses have chased tho " comíort°owÍ* b^ucsa-mun! hil boatuwordwav, must hare ired et his dcsirnblo villa rai hare been penarles* to induce, Tcry cosiness of his wcll-fur : havo oppressed him with u euMicea of ¡KC hil ed nnd selfish iiatontce* af tho>ji» and tho " Julias " oro shnr ng with tho purveyors of pictorial nod drnmalie ibortioiis thc reward rea erred for those who iccuretcly diagnoso and minister to the publio uto. No matter whether it ba hcrsdit/iiy disc asa t'leot-slrcot, or tho S new " Uogoydom " idapted Zelaism Loin mopal bical ly adoiinistered a sh ort-story pilulos, it is all equally liter morbid misery in nlAta brasohce, aud dos >isos nothing moro profoundly than tho light lea rt, tho evan mind, nnd tho cheerful coua eaaace.^ There ^ï* lew oxease for this s tran go axiously divided betwc iud tho prospect of necessary than that afforded by the sombre study of spectres, »ojwie», and social cesspools. But tho foot is that tho old century ho* grown so accus- tomed to tho conditio» of moral in dijo* lio» in which its mere recent years havo bron passed, that, liko many aoethcr con tinned valetudinarian, it boa begun to hug Its ccmploiat and resent any suggestion of a ourc. The greatest uesd of tho time is Hmo gifted and irrepressible Laughing Philosopher-«orno humero us genius bold enough and brilliant enough to hold tho co in pc! us lo laugh ot ourselves oud tho dismal phantoms of eur dyspeptic imagining. Wo want some suth moral mcdicino-inoo to apply tho blister af scathing ridiculo te tho fussy pretensions of the scJf-advertising ghost- rowen, püsimUtio Philoso- phen, and dabblers in toc'iel sewage, who hnvo brought ui between them to our present melon chely pass. The fact that tho present is aa ? midst. Wei fern, a Dickem cult of « i been laughed ooo tempt no asly out of court, t is, there Ulittlo probability that tho expiring \- -"i j^if together suQiciently le death of tho century hos " heart, and left us with I may ut wall nlrcody mal keep tho psychological q phieal croaker* ot on»'* upon whose threshold wo < On Saturday night, 28th October, tho Mayor af Cbicej*o was lulled in his OWD residence by ornoo named Prendergast. Mr. Harrison liad returned from tho municipal fite» at tho World'» Pair, and waa toking wat on o lounge in tho trent room whan, vants, rang the bell and, Ofter formally oBscascms; himself, wai admitted to the house. He imme- diately rushed Into the roda, and, Urins four shot* at Mr. Barrisca, Sod precipitately. Throe of the bullea tock effect, two of them ca using woonda «uffldont to result in dooth, oed the netim died la snrreadermg himself tc the authorities. He is aa office-seeker, named Prendergast, and is pronounced insane. On being convoyed to the City Hall ho narrowly escaped lynching, and the building had to bo strcogly guarded in order to pro tact him ir« m the fury of the excited moba which quickly gathered in tho adjacent streets. Mr. narr Ison simply shook bia head ot the euestkia whether ho know Prendergast. The assart!a, who is under 30 yean of age, has been a newspaper dis- tributor, lie neut tie day before the aime at the Yoong Mao's Christian Atnocktaon, and after be was io coetody ho showed no appredatiou of the gravite of his crime, nor any care regarding the results. Mi. Harrison camed out hu functions as Mover dorins th« Wald's Pair with o dignity and sunpUeity that ara calculated to efface the memory of an ure ti o poutíeol cener, and it hod been arranged that he should marry Mia* Aus vs Howard NoiUns, fasaooa foi hw wealth and benevolence. It ia a curiouB loot that during tho epidemia ot cKaxracoe and TO mri lng at Greenwich Workhouse towards tho end of October, which affected 243 perseus and caused ag ht deaths, smokers wera net affected. Only S3 mole* wore attacked, os oom pared with 100 females. Ss varal old Irish- women In the workhouse who smoked before their admission, and now, wheo they could ronooco it, all eeeaped. The tarestigatien which has been nude *j>°'r*4tbattheepWotflM nu* bu«bowctUfiby 