TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — I notice in your issue of this morning a powerful and incisive letter on the present political situation under die worn de plume 'Anti-Humbug.' I think Mr. Kidston— who rightly or wrongly I presume £s the writer — would have been more elucidative had he signed it ' AntvHombcu; The Second,' as die nom de plume he assumes is one that I formerly wrote under. As I do not pretend to the ability displayed in the letter in ques tion I disclaim the authorship. Mr. Curtis's letter and telegrams have strnck a tremor of surprise and alarm among tbe separatists of tbe Central Division, who affect not to understand why there should be a block of the movement in Parliament. But if they take into account tbe result of the late election in the Central Division, they need not feel surprised at what has happened. It is just what £ endeavoured to explain daring tbe election would happen, if die people of the I eatrai Division, returned any of the Labour Party not pledged to Separation as of the first importance in their political creed. I pointed out the necessary unity of action could not prevail, because the the Separation qaestion to that of electoral reform, and sorry am I tha.t I was not a false prophet. Bnt tbe object of the letter in to day s iasne of your paper is to shift die responsibility of the situa tion on to the shoulders of the purely Separation party, and it infers that it was their duty to accept the ultimatum of the laboar members. The above is the rift in the lute which spoils the Separation music The proposed memorial to be sent to Lord Ripon is the last resource open to Central members cpon which they can all agree. But what good will that do ? Nothing more than just keep the thing alive ; bot it will not induce Lord Ripon to grant their prayer. He has told them through bis speech to Mr. Archer, when replying to him and others of the dtpotation who vailed on bun to plead our cause, that be required Fomethinp more at their hands, than an announcement to htm that all the members of tbe Central Division were returned as Separationists. He told them that he should watch closely their action in Parlia ment : anil that he was of the same opinion a-- Mt. Arcbtr lhal it would be far better f«r their uun lejUatnre. Now ue^n.ay all dupcm! tint L-r.l P.iD-n will be well posted up w ith tbe lare^t dithcultiefe which beset the Separation cauae of the Central Division, by | Sir Thomas Ullwraith duxragh die Agent General in London ; and neither Lord Ripon or any odier Colonial Secretary will remove those difficulties. He wfll say, as Jove did to the waggoner,' Put your own shoulders to tbe wheeL' Well die Separation waggon has stuck in the mnd, and there is a jibbing horse or horses in She Separation -team, which, to set it going, muBt be taken ont or tickled into the right humour. I can not conceive any other cause than, die above for the block which has taken place in the Separation movement. The course of action of the Central members was simple enough. It was to move for Territorial Separation for Central Queensland, and to be unanimous in support of the motion. Lord Ripon's conditions for his interference would theo have been fulfilled, and we might have reasonably looked forward to some action in our favour by die Imperial Government. Bat as die case stands now everyone seems to be at sea, witii no likelihood of tbe beacon light of Separation coming into view. Evidently we are on die wrong track. Humour says — but stay, she is a lying jade, so I will not repeat what rumour says. But why do not tbe Executive of the League confront rumour with tbe troth, and allay the conjectures which like grim ghosts haunt die public mind. lam, &c;, J. W. Head. Kent-street, Rockhampton, 24th July, 1893. [Mr. Kideton was not die author of die letter signed ** Anti-Humbug.' — Ed. Gap.] 