PROGRESS i The authorities of the Bourke and Brewarrina Pastoral and Agricultural Associations with commendable proiup titiide,;har« already rough-heWn their, show schedules for the current year. Tlie}' contain one or two' features of especial interest, uot only to the general pnblic, but to this journal. It is considerable satisfaction to find one's ideas beginning to take root, and ' to see that seed sown in past years has j after all goruiinated and blossomed forth. Since its inception— and long j before that date the game opinions j were frequently enunciated by its i sponsors — this journal has been con tinually striving to impress upon the minds of the district P. anil A. Asso ciations the necessity of popularising iheir periodical shows as much as pos sible, by rendering their schedules attractive to the public. Superb sheep, densely clothed in veritable golden fleeces, delighting the heart and excit ing the enthusiasm of experts are ne cessary and desirable. A show in the west would be no show at all without them. It would be like Ha inlet with out the 'ghost. But to the general, public the sheep is a mystery of a negatively attractive land. The G. P. know little, and carei less, about'all rue excellencies cuac anre cue tneep breeder into unspeakable ecstacies or boundless admiration, that cailseiiim to hang in breathless delight over the opened whiteness of greasy fleeces, ,or handle {with Ian almost reverential re gard the stolid looking auimals that produce them. Ko ! the O. P. is ob livious to such things : although,', if the truth must be told, it is som&w;}iat of a fraud, and occasionally tries to delude itself into the belief that it both knows of and cares some thing for the subject, in which belief it permits itself to ? be led— in sections— round the sheep pens expressing its admiration the while, and wisely giving a ready assent to the authorative statements of the chaperon experts. But it is essentially to the horse and the pavilion exhibits that thie ' public turns for ; the real cause of its interest in these exhibi tions. It has been somewhat difficult to make the wool magnates look at this through the spectacles of the public. To them the sheep ^represented the show, and if the public didn't see it in that light so much the 'worse for the public. Such ideas have, however, gradually given way to a more liberal and intelligent view, and little by little the importance oE securing and retain ing public interest has been: accepted as an article of faith revealing ; itself in the popularisation of the schedulas. Progress has been latterly very rapid in this respect. It is but a few- years ago that the Brewarrina Association refused a prize offered by Mr Milieu for a jumping contest, and only ac cepted with chilling indifference a prize for a coaching class. The efforts then made, though disheartening at the time, have borne fruit in good season, a recent meeting of that Association having decided to have a dintmot sec tion for coaching stocky whilst tlie As sociation which formerly refused to ac cept a prize for a junipiug contest otters a liberal ten guineas for that purpose out of its own funds. In other directions it shows too how completely it has subscribed to the once scouted doctrine that the permanent success of its exhibitions must rest upon the - measure of their attractiveness to the j public. Much the same difliculty was ' experienced when the late secretary first mooted tlie idea of a pavilion and the industrial and, Artistic competitions which a pavilion would rendtrpossible. Mr Burton's path was, however, quickly smoothed for him by one simple fact. He was enabledto seeure theaULancc^of the ladies, whose interest was excited and? whose- amowr propi'c was shared by tlie prospect of competitions in which they could diretftly participate! With such support the end- was - assured. The Bnurke^chj^li4p ^ers^i&l;|^yi^iuce of steady progress|ui tlfc s^iue4|ippular direction,- and liere again we can -claim that the suggestions of thi=i journal have, in more than one particular, been advantageously adppted, although at tirst received with , lliatt opposition usually uieeted out to auy progressive innovations. Let it be noted, too, that these additions to the schedules have uot been made at the expense of the sheep sections?. They have taken place concurrently with au improvement in 