Driven to Suicide« June 30.-During rr y stay at the sea- side some three or four years ago I mads the acquaintance of a man whose career may be described as a flash, of religious enthusiasm, ending in a sad and terrible tragedy, in which unintentionally I had a share which has occasioned me many un- pleasant reflections. Joseph Garner was a missioner. Young, enthusiastic, well connected, and with ample means, he could have gained dis- tinction in many ways more congenial to the generality of men than the way he had chosen. He had started in life as a student of medicine ; buta disappointment in love produced a morbidity of mind ill suited to a profession which requires that the practitioner should always have his wits about him. Then he came under the influence of Moody and Sankey, the re- vivalist preachers, during one of their periodic visits to this country, with the result that he determined to devote what- ever of love, energy, piety, and wealth he possessed to the amelioration of the spiritual and physical condition of the brutal men and wretched women to be found in the slums of all large towns. He did not confine his operations to any one town, or any one part of the country, but would stay in one place a few weeks or months, and then go somewhere else. He had thus established a round of missionary labor, which he carried on entirely from his own resources, paying for any assistance he might require, and generally, during his absence, leaving some one in charge of a district who could keep up the religious engagements, conduct the services, and maintain any progress which might have been made. The place near which I was staying when I met Joseph Garner was a garrison town as well as a seaport, and consequently contained amongst its population some of the vilest and most abandoned specimens of both sexes possible to be met with. In the quarter in which Mr. Garner located himself the houses were wretched, tumble- down, vermin-haunted hovels, each con- taining three or four rooms, and each room lome half-dozen or more occupants. Half the males were thieves, burglars, or bul- lies ; all the females were devoid of de- cency in language, thought, or act. It was a veritable human hell, and yet here it waa ,that the refined, sensitive, talented, well to-do enthusiast settled himself down fox % steady three months' work. At first he was regarded with undis guised suspicion and dislike. The in- habitants could not understand anyone but a detective coming among them ; and, as the majority of them were almost con- tinually in peril of the law, they were very shy of anyone who might be an in- strument of it. They very soon found, however, that Mr. Garner was what he re- presented himself to be-a man come among them to assist and save those who seemed utterly lost. And though many of them laughed at him, and a few scoffed and derided, they allowed him to go about among them unmolested, and listened with respect to what he had to say. Among the women he worked with a eeal and earnestness worthy of better resal ts. He found in many cases that, though debased and brutalieed, they could [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] atill respond to kindness, sympathy, and love. Gradually those in whose breasts the womanly virtuea were not quite dead yielded to his influence, which meant some- what of a change for the better. Hut usually the change was very slight and intermittent. One of the women, Nelly Warren by name, had a peculiar attraction for him. I fancy, from what he afterwards told me, that she reminded him in some remote degree of the woman he had loved and lost. Drink was her strong weakness, if I may use such a term. Over and over again she promised him not to touch it, but the least temptation proved too much for her ; she forgot all about her promise, and drank as long as she could get drink or swallow it. Bit by bit Mr. Garner was able to piece her history together. She was the daughter of a solicitor, living in a happy home and surrounded by all the comforts she could wish for. In an evil moment she fell in with a sprig of the nobility, the son of one cf her father's oliente, went astray, and on the matter coming to her father's know- ledge was sent adrift. Finding that he could do nothing with her while surrounded by companions who were always placing temptation in her way, Mr. Garner succeeded, after two or three vain attempts, in persuading her to agree to leave that district and live with some people where she would be looked after and have an opportunity of recover- ing her respectability. He was perforce obliged to absent him- self from the district for two or three days in order to arrange for her reception at the country farmhouse at which he proposed tc place her. Before leaving he made her promise that she would keep from the drink and that she would not leave the neighborhood. The latter promise he be- lieved he could depend upon ; the former he feared was beyond her power to keep if temptation came in her way. On his return, three days later, having, made all necessary arrangements, he has- tened to the street in which she was living, but found the entrance to the thoroughfare blocked by a cordon of police.. " What ia the matter ?" he asked. " Woman murdered, sir," waa the stolid reply. A thrill of apprehension shot through Mr. Garner's nerves as he reiterated, " A woman murdered ! What is her name ?" " Don't rightly know, sir," said [the constable. "Nelly something, I be- lieve. Stand back, sir ; you can't pass," he added, as Mr. Garner tried to get by. " But it is very likely I know the woman. I know all the women in this neighborhood. My name is Garner, the missioner. I've been working among them for weeks." " Can't help it, sir. Orders very strict not to let anyone pass. But here's the sergeant. Ask him." " Is the name of the murdered woman Nelly Warren?" " lt ia, sir," said the sergeant, who knew Mr. Garner by sight. " Do you know her ?" and he signed to the constable to make way for the gentleman to paes. " Do I know her ?" repeated Mr. Garner, dreamily. " God help her ; I have been making arrangements for her removal where she would have had a chance to recover something of her lost position." They had by this time reached the house where the body of the murdered woman was lying. " Ah, it is a fearful neighborhood this," said the sergeant. " I wonder you have been able to stay here so long." Like a man in a dream Mr. Garner passed the constable standing at the door of one of the upstair rooms, and approached the bed on which lay, the corpse, with a horrid gash extending across the throat almost from ear to ear. He stood looking at the ghastly object with wide-open eyes ; but they had an expression in them like one looking at some far distant objeot, and he scarce seemed to hear the particulars of the crime as they were narrated in brief, curt language by the sergeant, though every detail was impressed upon his mind with photographic exactness. The mur- dered woman had been seen the day before drinking with a sailor in one of the beer- houses which abounded in the locality. Nothing more was seen of her until the people of the house, wondering at her non- appearance, entered the room and found her lying with her throat cut upon the bed. There was absolutely no clue to the perpe- trator of the crime, the sailor was a stranger to the neighborhood, no one had set eyes on him since they were seen together in tho beerhouse, and all efforts to trace him had so far proved futile. Mr. Garner was terribly cut up over the affair. I never saw a man so affected by an event in which he could have no per- sonal interest. He called upon me the day after his return with one of the strangest proposals 1 had ever had made to me. " When I was studying medicine," he said, «* I became much interested in the theory of hypnotism, and read up several works upon the subject. With its practice I have never had anything to do. Since I became acquainted with this dreadful affair I have had borne in upon me the belief, which I cannot shake off, that if I could be placed in a condition of hypnotic somnambulism I should be able to see the man who committed the crime and, possibly, ascertain where he is to be found. Have you any objection to place me in that condition P 1 took a dtvep interest in this woman, and would give anything to find her murderer." I looked at the man carefully before making any reply to so strange a request. His temperament wa« of tho orVr wbi^h in a woman would produce hysteria, hil nervous system was so finely organised as to make it susceptible to influences whioh would have no effeot upon ordinary indi- viduals, and it was still quivering from the shock sustained the previous day. I could not help thinking what a splendid medium the man would make ; there would be nothing within the range of hypnotism that could not be accomplished with his willing aid. Certainly if the perpetrator of the crime of which hapless Nelly Warren had been the | vic tim could be found by such means, Mr. Garner would be success- ful in discovering him. " Have you ever submitted yourself to the influence ?" I asked. " Never," he replied. " I should not think it right to place my will in subjec- tion to any man without some adequate motive." " As a student of medicine you are pro- bably aware that you possess an excep- tionally delicate and finely-strung nervous organisation. The consequences of hypno- tism upon such a temperament may be; more far-reaching than you are aware." ! "lt ia because I believe myself to be mora susceptible than most men that I Look for a successful result of the experi- ment. I am not likely to tamper with my susceptibility when onoe the object is accomplished." " Very weil," I said. " I thought it only riurht you should understaud your position.1 People with your temperament cannot always shake off the influence when they wish. However, if you persist in your proposal I am ready to operate when and where you please." , " I had fully made up my mind before I came," he replied. " You will possibly think rae full of morbid fancies, but I have an idea that I shall be more successful if the experiment is tried in the presence of the deud body." " Yes," Ï agreed, " it not too painful for you, the association of ideas will certainly assist your mental efforts. I suppose you can obtain the necessary permission." A few hours later we met in the room in whioh the corpse of the murdered woman was still lying, the inquest having been opened that morning and adjourned pending the result of the search the police were making. The only other person in the room was an Inspector of Police, who took a note of what passed. Seating Mr. Garner in a chair by the side of the bed I placed my hand lightly upon his head and bade him look up into my eyes. In 10 seconds he was in a state of artificial somnambulism, in which condi- tion the mental faculties are abnormally active and the imagination highly excited. It had been agreed that I should take him back to the time when Nelly Warren was seen drinking with the sailor at the beerhouse, which we had discovered to be named the Boar's Elead. «* You are at the Boar's Head beerhouse, in Turmoil-street. Bo you see itt"' J said. " Yes." " The murdered woman, Nelly Warren, is there, with a strange sailor. They are drinking together. Bo you see them ?" "Yes." 44 Watch them, and tell me what hap- pens." The unconscious man appeared to be gazing with strained intensity upon some scene taking place at a longdistance. Ilia eyes were open, but they could not see us or the room in which we were ; they saw only what took place between the woman Warren and the sailor. Two or three minutes passed ere he spoke again. " They have finished drinking," he said at length. 44 The man turns to go, says he has to join his ship in half-an-hour, and only just time to reach the dock. Nelly Warren asks him to pay for some more drink for her before he goes. The money will be of no use to him on board ship, she Bays. The man throws down a shilling and goes out." 44 And the woman ?" interposed the inspector eagerly. He had entered into the spirit of the thing, though he did not believe any good could come from such, tomfoolery. I have, however, always found that the police, like most other people, are ready enough to take advantage of anything which will help out their own stupidity or lack of cleverness, from whatever source it may come. Mr. Garner of course took no notice of the inspector's question. Being in what Borne authorities on the subject have called the elective stage, he was en rapport only with myself, and would resent any inter« ferenoe from another person. 44 Excuse me, inspeotor," I said. 44 Mr, Garner will not answer your questions un- less they are put through me. As this ia a very delicate operation and requires entire concentration of thought, I must ask you to be good enough to leave the matter in my hands for the present. You shall have an opportunity of putting any ques- tions to him, through me, before I awaken him." The inspector eyed me rather evilly foi a moment, then resumed his note- taking. 44 Tho sailor lett the house, you said. What becomes of the woman ?" 44 She is joined by Mary Bates, one of the most drunken reprobates in the district. Bates is already the worse for liquor, and wants Warren to pay for more. Warren refuses and puts the shilling into bei pocket. Then they quarrel, but not loud enough to make any disturbance. They use bad language-my God ! how dreadful it all is. Bates say Warren has been rob- bing her, and she'll make her pay for it. Then Bates goes out, and Nelly stays be- hind and has more beer, paying for it with the sailor's shilling. She keeps on d ri ok- ing till all the money is spent. Why, eh, why, will they supply drink to poor wo- men in this way ! Now she reels out of the house. It is dark, there is no one about. She passe) through a paved court, and slinks along, holding on by the window- sills and doorposts until she reaches the house in which she lives. She tumbles along the entry, orawls up the stairs, entera her room, and throws herself on the bed." 44 That seems all feasible enough," said the inspector, when a pause occurred ." But it is strange she should have been drinking in that house all that time >and then reeled here in a tipsy state, anti ¡for no one to have seen her." ? " Plenty of people may have seen her," ¡I replied, 14 without recognising her cji .taking any notice of her. I should say it is no new thing, or even unusual, to see .a drunken woman in thé streets here at ail hours of the day and night. Someone at the Boar's Head, however, will be sure to know how long she stayed there, and whether she was drunk when she left. Only I suppose it's to their interest to keep quiet, if they can." " At any rate, the sailor seems to be out of it, if this is to be relied upon," added the officer. " You may depend upon it this is tobe relied upon," I said. The scene passing before Mr. Garner's mind is an actual re- production of events as they took place. Mr. Garner's is an exceptionally sensitive organisation, and we shall know who waa the murderer before we. haye finished, depend upon it." At this moment Mr. Garner started up, and with horror-stricken look gazed in a corner of the room« i "There! there is the murderess !" he exclaimed in great excitement, pointing at an imaginary object. " See ! she holds a knife in her hand-she orawls on her hands and knees to the bedside-she rises, slowly, slowly, slowly 1 Now she stoops over the sleeping form-her face is dis- torted with rage and hate-she draws the knife across the sleeping woman's throat _once, twice ! My God ! it is too horrible. With a moan of intense agony Mr. Garner sank back into the ohair and covered his face with his hands, as though he would shut out that awful vision. The inspector and I had both been car- ried away by the vivid reality with whioh the scene had been invested. As wo fol- lowed Mr. Garner's looks and actions we could almost fancy we saw the event he BO dramatically described. " Adk him who it was," whispered the officer. " Have patience," I said. «* His nerves are overwrought. He must have time to recover." I placed my hands on the suffering man's forehead and temples, and presently the quivering which had seized his whole frame ceased, and he became calm. The perspiration stood in great beads upon his brow, and for two or three minutes his breath had come in great gasping sobB, so intense was the agony. Then 1 put the final question, for I thought it was time to awaken him. The woman-tb« murderess ; you saw her face. Who wu s it ?" He seemed instinctively to shrink from replying. Persons in this condition are by rio means automatons in the hands of the operator, and will even argue or refuse to answer for a while. " You must tell me who it was," I said, firmly. Reluctantly the answer came " Mary Bates." " Can he say where she is now ?" asked! the inspeotor. " It may save a lot oÇ time." " Where is Mary Bates ?" I asked. Mr. Garner sat for a minute or two, quite still, with a very weary look upon his pale face. Then he mentioned the name of a street in a distant quarter of the town, almost as vile a part as that in which we then were. " That will do, sir, thank you," said the inspector. " I will have the woman in custody within an hour if she is to be found. A most marvellous thing, upon my word." And he bustled out of the house, while I awoke the man who had displayed detective qualités of so superna- tural a character. lt was all perfectly true. Mary Baten, confronted with the victim and charged with the crime which she had thought hidden from all human knowledge, con- fessed that after leaving Nelly at the Boar's Head she had procured a knife and hidden herself in the victim's room, stealing from her hiding place and slaying the helpless woman in her drunken sleep. They had lona: been enemies, and Mary Bates hated her rival's comparative good looks and better manners ; hated her also for the interest taken in her by Mr. Garner. And the barman at the beerhouse, when closely questioned, remembered to have seen the two women together, though he had previ- ously stated that Warren left the house with the sailor, whom he did not see go out. Two days after the experiment which had ended in the discovery of Nelly ^Warren's murderess, Mr. Garner came to ? my hotel. He looked very pale and worn I and terribly dejected. Of course he remem x bered nothing but what had been told him [of what had transpired at that momentous i hypnotic interview. 1 "I can't get that woman out of my sight," he said, after the usual greetings. " Night and day there is ever before me the vision of the blood- stained corpse, with that horrid gash across the throat. I con- jure up all manner of scenes depicting the event, and it all seems as real as if I were an actor instead of a speotator. I shall go. mad if it goes on muon longer." " You ought not to stay in this neigh- borhood," I said. "The associations are altogether too painful for you. Apart from this terrible affair, it ÍB not a place, nor a work at all suited to a man of your temperament. Take my advice and leave at once. Take a sea trip, go abroad, get {imong scenes the novelty of which will distract your mind from this morbid dwell- ing upon the horrible." " 1 thank you for your advice," he said,: quietly. " 1 know it to be good. But I cannot go away and leave my work like that. The little good I have been able to do would be all. thrown away unless I can leave someone behind me to follow it up." " I do not think you will be any better while you remain here. Get away as soon as you can. Meanwhile, try not to think of unpleasant things, and above all force your mind away from contemplation of that murder." When Mr. Garner left he was calmer, and had promised me he would expedite his arrangements for leaving the town. But there was a brooding horror in his eye I did not like to see. I felt so uncomfort- able about him, indeed, that early in the morning of the day after his visit to me I set out to call upon him. My way took me through the disreput- able quarter in which Mr. Garner carried on his untiring self-sacrificing work. As 1 approached the street I could see that something wan wrong. People were run- ning with frightened, anxious looks ou their faces, the whole district seemed to be , in commotion. Gould it be that anything had happened to Mr. Garner, I thought, as I quickened my steps. " What is it?" 1 inquired of an artisan who seemed a tri tie more respectable than the generality of the people thereabout. ** They say it's another woman mur- dered," ne punted, as be hurried on. " They had by this time reached tl e house where the body of the murdered woman was lying." A few doors from the house ia which Mr. Garner lodged a crowd had assembled, and was noisily discussing such details as had oozed out. As the body had only been discovered within the last half-hour, these were of the most meagre description. I was passing on to acquaint Mr. Garner with the affair when I met the inspector who had assisted at the little seance a few days before. He accosted me, and made a strange grimace as he remarked " Wonder if we shall want you again over this affair?" " I hope not," I said, as I entered the house with him. ** I doubt very much, whether Mr. Garner would have the strength, even if he had the will, to go through another such experience." , The Keene in the room was an almost exact repetition of that in Nelly Warren's case. The woman, Phoebe Thomson, was lone of the class among whom Mr, Garner had labored so zealously, and, as far as I could gather, with so little result. She lay stretched at full length upon the bed, dressed as she had probably returned from a drinking bout the night before. And across the throat was a great wide gash. There was this difference between the two cases, that another lodger in the house had seen Thomson stumbling up the stairs shortly before midnight, much the worse for drink. There was certainly no one with her then. While the inspector was making his in- vestigations, I slipped away to Mr. Garner's lodgings. I found the landlady there in a state of considerable agitation, not on account of the murder, of which she had not heard, hut because of the state in which she had that morning found her lodgex. He was generally so punctual paid the woman, that when at 10 o'clock he did not make his appearance in the sitting-room to partake of the breakfast she had prepared for him she had gone upstairs. Getting no response to her knock she tried the handle, found the door was not locked, and opened it. Sitting on the side of the bed she saw Mr. Garner, dressed in the loose overcoat and soft felt hat he usually wore out of doors. 44 He looked like a ghost," she added, "and give me such a turn, specially when he sat there all dazed-like and never looked up or spoke a word, that I ran down here to think what it would be best to do. Because ho aint got no relations about these parts, as I knows on." Leaving the woman to get over her " turn " as best she could, I ran up the stairs and looked into Mr. Garner's room through the partly open door before I ventured in. He was still sitting in the position which h;d been described to me. " Mr. Garner," I said, stepping softly into the room. At the sound of my voice he lifted his head, and i saw that he had relapsed into a state of hynotic lethargy, the result of the peculiar mental condition in which he had been living the last two or three days. " Come, rouse up," I exclaimed, as 1 took the usual steps to awaken him. He started, looked at me with a puzzled Btare for nearly a minute, brushed his hand across his forehead, and generally behaved like a person emerging from a state of stupor. " Where am I-what does it all mean ?" he cried. Then, with a cry of horror I shall never forget, he started io his feet and exclaimed : " There has been another woman murdered." " There certainly has," I said, " and close by, too. But how on earth did you know of it? The body has only just been found." " I have been dreaming about it all night," he said, in a sad, weary tone which cut me to the heart. " Look here, Mr. Garner, you must get out of all this at once, whether your work suffers or not. We shall have you in a lunatic asylum very shortly if you stay here." ' He made no reply, and I went on "I'll just run down to the place and bring you what particulars there are, while you change your things aud freshen your- self a bit. You look as though you had been up all night." "Who is it this time?" he said quietly, taking no notice of anything I had said. " Her name is Phoebe Thomson," I re- plied. Waiting a moment to see how he took the announcement, and finding that it seemed to make no impression, I went out, pulling the door to after me. I had only been in the murdered woman's apartment long enough to learn from the inspector that, grasped in ber clenohed fist, he had found a black cloth covered button, such as are used on men's coate, when a woman's terrified phriek, re- sounded from the street below. Leaving a constable in charge of the room, the in- spector hastened downstairs to ascertain the cause of this fresh tumult. We found Mr. Garner's landlady in a state bordering upon ft «nz v, and learned that her lodger had out his throat. It was even so. We found Mr. Garner in his shirt sleeves, lying on his back across the bed, with the b Jad streaming on to the floor from a gash in his throat, inflicted evidently with a large clasp knife still grasped in his hand. It was impossible to save him ; by the time a surgeon arrived he was quite dead. , But the tragedy was not yet ended. There were marks of blood upon his clo- thing and upon his left hand, which from the position in which we found him, as well as from the fact that the blood was dry, could not have been caused by the wound he had inflicted upon himself. The inspector, cnancing to look at the thin black overcoat Mr. Garner had thrown off, was struck by the similarity of the buttons with that found in the murdered woman's grasp, as also by the fact that one was missing and had evidently been recently torn off with considerable force. In one of the pockets of the overcoats also were marks of blood as though a bloody hand had been thrust in. Piecing together bit by bit one link of evidence with another, we could come to no other conclusion than that Mr. Garner's mind had been thrown off its balance by the shock of the sudden discovery of Nelly Warren's murder, that he had brooded over it till the whole affair, as he had informed me, was present with him day and night, that he had seen this woman leaving a beerhouse in a similar condition and under similar circumstances to those iu the other case, and that he had tracked her to her lodgings, and then, or afterwards, out her throat. I did not believe, I do not believe now, that Mr. Garner knew what he was doing. Not that he was mad or insane as such a condition is generally understood. But the morbid susceptibility to which he was subject had predisposed him to an attack of homicidal mania, which was aggravated and started into activity by the unfor. túnate hypnotic experiment he himself had suggested. After I left him, having for the time dispelled the vapors by which his mind had been beclouded, and aroused him to a fuller consciousness of his actions, something must have occurred to lead him . to suppose that he himself was in this case the murderer j a discovery quite suffi- cient in a per PO a of such temperament to induce the suicidal act he then com- mitted. \---?-;-: She: "You may light a cigar if you wish, Mr. Trotter. I know how fond you are of smoking." He (ruefully) : " Ah, thanks, I should like to, but I haven't a match." She (aftfr a moment's silence) : " Isn't tvere-eh-some way in which we could make one ?" * * * " I don't believe in this chirography business," said Hawkins. "You can't tell anyone's fortune by looking at his hands." " I don't know about that. Take Mrs. Newrioh's hand, for instance. You can get an idea of her fortune by estimating the value of her diamond rings." * " Would you have epoken so crossly to your little wife a year ago ? " she asked, tearfully. "No," he confessed, sullenly. " Then why this chance ?" " 'Cause I only got a little wife to speak crossly to about six months ago," he ex- plained. 