Aunt Johnnie. By John Steangb Wintbb. Chapter XXVII.— THE WORM WILL TURN. More hearts are breaking in this world of ours Tlian one would -say. It is no use my pretending that Meg was in any danger of losing her life, nor yet her reason. The days wore into weeks and the weeks into months until Christmas came and went, -and the New Year brqke over the old world, but she never saw Jack. If4she could only have known that in Mr. Stonor's .desk there, Jay a pile of, letters in bey sweetheart's handwriting, how much better she would h'avebeen able to bear the dreadful, colourless life which was hers now. But that was a bit of information which ''Mr. Stonor kept absolutely to himself, and not even one of the servants knew what were the contents of the letter-hag, for it was locked at the post-office and only opened by the master of tho house. I must do Robert Stonor the justice to say that he believed sincerely that his daughter had absolutely forgotten the leading incident of her season spent in London with Mrs. Johnnie. It is true that he made assurance doubly sure by 'keeping a' very sharp lookout upon ' her — that she was no longer free to do as she had been used to do in the old days— to ride here, to drive there, to make what engagements she would as a free 'agent. But Robert Stonor told himself that that was not because he did not trust his daughter, but ! because he did not put any trust in a Bannisber'of Hedipghain; Besides, Caption Bannister had solemnly warned him that he would try his best (o persuade Meg to marry him, with or withoift her .father's consent. So that Mr. Stonor believed that it washisbbunden duty, to safely guard; his one ewer' . lamb as from a ravening wolf. The winter was an unusually mild one, but Meg did not hunt at all. She wanted to do so, oh, dear, yes, because in the freedom of the hunting field, which 'she had aforetiipe enjoyed with no other restraint , than the attendance of the head groom ^ she might ^ .have, had a, chance of seeing Captain Bannister* Her ' father, however, put his veto upon (hat. Not by saying straightforwardly that he did not wish her to -hunt, but by quietly selling the horse she had been in the habit of riding. , : And about the end of January, when things were getting almost too intolerable to be borne any longer, a note came from Mrs. Johnnie, saying that she was ?hot very well, and that 6he was coming down for a change of air to Stonor's Rest. ' I shall arrive, my dear Robert,' she wrote, 'at 5 o'clock ; don't pat yourself to the trouble of send ing a telegram to say that I am not to come. I know that you are very angry with me, but, at the same time, I am not going to quarrel with you, although you have not taken any notice of me since Meg went home. If you send me' 'twenty telegrams I shall ~ come, all (he same, so send something to the station to meet me, and do, my dear brother, receive me with the be8t grace that you can. — As ever, your aff, sister, ? ? --i.-. . . . 'Flossie.'' Mr. Stonor. was simply disgusted. He tore the letter across and threw it into (he fire, and when Meg came . down a few minutes later there was nothing.to show that he had had a letter from Mrs. Johtinie that morning. ' . She was looking very pale and to a certain extent listless, but there was; no trace of sulkiness about her and a casual obRervpr might have been forgiven for, thinking that there was nothing at all amiss with her. -!';Slie hade her.father good morniug in quite her .usual bright and charming way. -I ' Have you any news this morning, dear?' she asked. : 'V ,'; - , ' 'tVell, not exhctly news,' lie replied. ' I've had a letter from your Aunt Johnnie.'. 'Oh, really,' eagerly. ' What does she say ? ' ' 'Well, elie says that she's coming dowu fiere.' ' Oh, now Belightful !' cried Meg. v Mr. Stonor. put his arms on the table and looked straight, at his-daueliter. ' Why should it he so delightful ? ' he demanded. \- Men looked across the'-table at him quizzicall v. Well, dear.' she said, 'it hasn't been lively since I've been in prison.' ; ' In prison ? What do you mean ?' ' Mean ? — Why, exactly what I say, Dad. I've been in prison for eight months, and-Jhe introduction of anything so worldly as Aunt Johnnie will be like a breath of fresh -air to me.' 1 ' ' Your AuniiJohnhie is worldly,' said the Squire gravely, 'All .the same, -I think she might have waited for an inyitatibii .? ' ' She never lias waited for an invitation, dear,' put in Meg mildly, ' and of course she doesn't see why she should now. However, I suppose you won't put her off ?' J ^ . 'I can't put .her . off;' grumbled (he Squire; ' she won't be put 'off ; sbe won't take po fof an answer; sbe says if I send twenty telegrams warning her . off she shall come,'$.ll the ^ same, j What can you do with such a woman l'^ ' / 'No, exactly,' said Meg, who was dimpling all over at the project .of Jiaving Mrs. Johnnie's com panionship and possibly hearing news of Jack. '-'TfaeAjl shall go meet her, dear ?' . ' No; certainly not.' ; Don't you think I'd better ?' said Meg insinn atingly. j,' No; I don't.' Well, Auntie likes my little cart better than the carimgA; sbe always did.' - . ' I would rather you did not go to 'meet her,' Eaid Mr. Stonor stiffly. Meg gave a long groan. -* ?* ' Oh, dear, Dad — dy,' she said dolefully, ' I Tvonder if Purgatory will be anything like this ? ' I think ycu are very lude, Meg,' said Mr. Stonor. - ' Am I rude, dear ? I didn't meaii to be so. But _ you know, Dad, you are rather unreasonable. I promised you 1 wouldn't inarry Jack without your consent, and yon can't trust me to keep my word.' . 'I can trust you,' said the Squire. ' but I cannot trust him or any Bannister that ever lived.' ' I thought that my mother was a Bannister,' said Meg gently. ' That has nothing whatever to do with the case,' responded Mr. Stonor. 'I daresay not,' said Meg. 'But lean go to meet Aunt Johnnie, can't I ? ' ' I would rather you did not,' said Mr. Stonor. ' Well, dear, I would rather that I did.' ' Well, you can do as you like. I have expressed my wishes to you ; you can please yourself.' ' Thank you, dear,' said Meg;* 'then I shall go to meet Aunt Johnnie. Another cup of coffee, dear?' However, when 5 o'clock came Meg did not go to the station. It was raining fast, so instead of going, as she had fully meant to do, she sent the brougham, thinking that Mrs. Johnnie would have had too cold and uncomfortable a journey to wish to drive three miles in an open trap. And when Mrs. Johnnie came hustling into the house— such a contrast to the quiet, prison-like house that Stonor's Rest had come to be — her first words were. ' Bless , me, child, how frightfully ill you're looking ! Why, you're as white as a ghost. What have you been doing to her, Robert ?' Now, this little speech simply made Mr. Stouor's heart stand still. Not with fear of Meg. Oh, dear, no, but with a lively dread of what his voluble and worldly 6ister would take upon herself to do and say next. He had almost expected — although, knowing Mrs. Johnnie so well, he was rather foolish in letting his thoughts run thus — he had almost expected t at s'ne would come in with some little deference of manner— that she would show some little embarrassment — that she would, so to speak, deprecate his anger. But not a bit of it. Mrs. Johnnie, whose hair was frizzier and more golden than ever, who looked blooming and radiant beside ' her pale young slip of a niece, had no more idea of being deprecating or awed than she had of sitting on the top of the huge fire which warmed the big hall. ' She looks very ill, indeed,' she reiterated. ' Robert, you ought to give Meg a good change — really, I don't know how you can go on letting the poor child look like this. Why, she's as thin as a lath and as pale as a ghost.' ' Nod sense,' answered Mr. Stonor, shortly. . ' Are you hunting this winter, Meg ?' asked Mrs. Johnnie. ' No, not this winter,' said Meg, dolefully. ' Why not ?' asked Mrs. Johnni ?, looking at Mr. Stonor. ' Meg has not a very suitable horse just now,' said Mr. Stonor, rather lamely. ' Whose fault is (hat, Robert ?' 'Well, I suppose it's mine,' ho said quietly; ' but the fact is, I don't care about Meg hunting this winter— I would rather she did not hunt.' ' H'm !' said Mrs. Johnnie, in a tone of mnch comprehension. 'Well, all I can say, my dear brother, is that it passes my comprehension to know how you can go on year after year living in such a , place as Stonor's Rest. I know it's very beautiful, and it's very old, and it's very picturesque, and it's ancestral, and all the rest of it, but take away your hunting and take away your shooting, and take away your chief interests, in life, and what on earth have you left ? Two or three pretty views and a rambling old house that you can't get warm in for the very life :-of ;you. . It :is a good: thing tastes differ, my dear. ;? Robert,' she wound up drily. v That is so;' said MSvStonor, (nore drily still. -She accepted the cup; of tea that Meg offered her ' and then asked to be shown to her room. ' My dear child,' sbe eaid, as they left the hall, » ' I hope you've ordered me a good fire.' 'A roaring .fire,' answered Meg, with a laugh, . quite her old gay laugh, as she followed her aunt up the stairs, i . * ? Mrs. Johnnie dismissed her maid, saying, 'Go down and get tea or.ebihethuig ; I don't want you just now,' and then -she shut the door and turned the key. ? . ' Well, my dear . child,' 'she said, in a pathetic tone, 'andhow.have you been getting on? ' 'Oh, Auntie,' cried Meg, 'have you seen any thiug of him — where is he ? I haven't heard a word, all tnis time — I haven't caught even a glimpse of him. Oh, you don't know what life is like now. It has been dreadful— j ust like being in prison.' 'Poor little girl,' cried Mrs. Johnnie pitifully. 'Well, now I've brought . you a letter, and I've - brought you no end of messages and all sorts of news ; and, in fact, I've come down to see if some thing can't be done with that tiresome old father of yours.' She opened her travelling bag as she spoke and gave Meg a letter— not only a letter, but also a good-sized white packet, which, on closer examina tion, Meg found to conta'n a box of some special kind of sweetmeat, such as Bannister knew she most affected. I can't tell you how happy the girl was that, night. The letter was so long and so tender, so ' full of love, that in a few minuteB the roses bloomed up again in her cheeks, as they had been nued to do before this trouble had come upon her. But there was one sentence in the long tender letter which roused all the ire that had its existence in her good and loyal heart. It said,: ' My darling, I have written to j-ou over and over again, at least twice every week since we parted, until after Christ mas. When I found that not even a little card came on Christmas morning, I felt sure somehow that you had never had my letters.' And I must admit that Meg was very, very angry, as her eyes fell upon these words. If Robert Stonor had been a man of keen percep tion, he would have known perfectly well that the only course to take with a nature so loyal as Meg's was one of absolute loyalty and honour. But Robert Stonor was not a man of any keenness of perception. He looked up in intense surprise some three hours later when Meg entered the library where he was .-reading, and stood before him in her pretty white dinner dress. ' Dad,' she said, looking straight at him and speaking in a_perfectly calm and even tone, ' I have c 3 me to ask yon a perfectly calm and straightforward question. Have you kept any letters of mine back during the last few mouths?' Mr. Stonor gave a start as the words fell upon his ears, and his eyes drooped before hers. ' Captain Bannister lias written to me twice a - week since the time I came home, until after Christ- - mas,' she went on steadily, 'and I want to know whether yon have kept these letters hack or whether I most apply to the post-office.' '*i _ ' I have kept them hack,' said Mr. Stofibr, lean ing back in his big chair — the same chair in which he had received Captain Bannister's proposal for Meg's hand — and looking at her as steadily ashe CDuld. 'Then you will give theme letters to me now,'' - sard Meg, drawing her head us and looking very : proud. ' You have no right to ktep them, you had , no right to stop my .receiving them, and you must give them to, me now, please?!. ' I will not give them to you,' isaid he, angrily. 'Then,' said Meg, 'if you do not give them to me I will leave your houso upw, at once and for ever. I. have' given you |»y^gb?B, aiwfifcbat should be enough for you. I have not given you my word that I will not receive letters from Captain Bannister, or that I will not write to him, and I refuse any longer to he treated in this house as I have been, like a prisoner suffering punishment for a wicked crime. I was willing to give in to your wishes in not marrying without your consent, but I am not willing to be treated by you any longer as if my word is worth nothing.' Now, will you give me Captain Bannister's letters ?' ? - 'How do you know that I have them?' he asked. ? J 'Why,' said Meg, rather scornfully, 'I don't think so badly of you as to believe that you would steal them and destroy them. . Oh,. no, it's quite bad enough that you kept them baric -apd said nothing about them.' She was so- determined, she was so entirely and unmistakably of the same mould as himself, that Robert Stonor °%as positively startled -into opening the drawer where the letters were, and handing them to her. 'I won't say '.thank you' for them,' she said icily ; ' I will only say th at I sincerely hope that you will never make me think of . you again as I have been thinking of you for the last three hours.'- And with that she turned and went, quickly out.of the room. For an hour or more Mr. Stonor .paced the long room without ceasing. He was furiously angry with Meg, and yet he knew that sbe was right. He knew that her sense of honour was a sense which he had inculcated in her from the days of her earliest childhood, and he -knew that he could not fairly blame her that it stood her in good stead now, when his sense of honour had faded him. Surely not. He was furiously angry, but in his heart of hearts he knew that he- could not blame her. Aa well as if he had put his thoughts into plain language, -he knew that he had not acted honourably in keeping Captain Bannister's letters, and he knew— although .he scarcely admitted it eveu to himself — that, although for months past he had flattered himself into the belief that Meg had forgotten her fancy for the heir ot Hedingham, she was. just as much in- love with him as ever. There was no mistake about that. To see her standing ' b.ejdly up to him and demanding her letters reminded him of a timid lamb standing up to a stern sheep dog, but he knew that she was right.in everytliing that she had said. ? ' I suppose,' his angry thoughts ran, as he paced to and fro, 'that Flossie will incite her to all manner of rebellion — as if she needed any instruction of that kind. I suppose I shall have no peace in my life now, and eventually she will be turning her back upon me and going over to the side of the enemy. Of course, the easiest way would have been to give in quietly, and let Deuzil Bannister crow over me for the rest of his life. I suppose he's going round bleating to everybody about his willingness to make up the old quarrel, his anxiety to make repara ? tion, his desire to give me back my own ; and all the time the brute knows that I'm. not in a position to pay hack the twenty thousand pouuds that his father gave for the land. Bah! it's sickcniug, simply sickening!'- , Chaitee XXVIEL— AUNT JOHNNIE TO THE RESGUE. ? Flatterers are cats that lick before, anil scratch behind. . _ I can hardly describe to you the blaze of fury and righteous indiguation in which Meg Stonor went, lips well curled and head well in air, out of her father's presence. . During all . the weary months which had gone by, it had never occurred to her, even as a possibility, that her father, the soul of .'honour, whom she had le'ieved in ever since she was capable of believing in anything, could have been so false or so base, could liave been so blinded by his own evil passions, as to deliberately take posses sion of letters addressed to another person than himself. Of course, if Mr. Stonor bad been tackled on the subject by Captain Bannister, he would have said at once, ' My daughter is not of age ; and any corre spondence addressed to her which I believe to be injurious to her moral character I keep back, as her father.' But to Meg this side of the question never pre sented itself. All she'felt, as she went . through the big hall with the packet of precious letters tight clasped in her hand, was a blaze of : fury and anger that her father had played her fal=e. Bat she was not too angry to read them ; ob, dear, no. She went up to the little drawing-room, which she used as her owu sitting-room, which had been her mother's boudoir before her, where she found Mrs. Johnnie apparently occupied in her favourite occupation of emptying her brains. ' I've got them, Aunt Johnnie,' said Meg, triumphantly. Mrs. Johnnie looked up. ' Then, my dear, there is hope for you,' she said. '* I did not believe you had the smallest chance of getting them. How did you manage it ?' But Meg did not say how she had managed it. She seated heraelf comfortably on the wide fender Btbol, and slipped the elastic band off the packet of letters. He hasn't opened them,' she said, in an excusing sort of tone. . . - _ ' I should think not,','' said Mrs. Johnnie, sharply. ' Your Father is a very foolish and wilful old gentle man ; but he has some ideas of the ordinary decencies of life, I should hope.' 'Oh.1 believe, '.said Meg, lightly— I believe that Father would think anything was justified if it would bring about the discomfiture of a Bannister. How queer it is,' she went on, resting. her chin upon her pretty hand, and looking reflectively into the fire, which was half of coal and half of great chunks of applewood, which hissed 'merrily and sent, sweet savours out into the pretty room ; ' how queer it is one goes on all one's life blindly believing in due's fateer at least, I know I have — one thinks one's father can do nor wrong, that one might trust him With untold gold or . one's very life. Aud if he happens to have a feud'like Father has, one blindly believes that the other side is all wrong and that his is only quite a justifiable sort of feeling towards them. And theh, all at once, something happens — and one sees. I really don't know,' Meg Stonor went on rather ruefully, ''I really don't know whether it isn't best to remain. blind?' ' Not at all,'.', cried Mrs. Johnnie. '' After all, ?ne father is only one's father, and one'6 sweet heart is one s sweetheart. It's all nonsense to say that it would he best to remain blind, especially when doesS' Cart ^iCS suck a charming form as yours ^'ell- J®8! perhaps,.' said. Meg, with a smile and ; a blush, there's soniething in that, of course. Well. I mayliswell read-my letters.' She read theni by the dates on the post-marks, h^mmng with the earhest and ending with one written, m the j^ew. Year;. -and if - she -had not been 7^ certain, dunng the, past few miserable weeks, of Bnoinister's feelings towards her, those letters, together with the one which 'had come ip Aunt Johnme s. rtravelling-hag, were sufficient to ' , She almost wished, as she them, that she had followed her inclination and had betaken herself away to Hedingham. Wefl. no, I do not think she quite wished that : she Eaidas much to herself in her thoughts ; for, in herheart of hearts, she knew perfectly well that her nature was not one to set the Jove of nineteen years irrevocably against one of but half that number of months. ' f1® you going to do r' . asked Mrs. Johnnie, watching her changing face with a gocd. deal of curiosity. 6rtod=;y''d_Meg; ' Then 'you won't take the bull by the hornsand' your own course?' .? ' ' I don't think so,' said Mfeg, ' Jack has asked yon, I know, because he told me he was going to.' ? ' Oh, yes, he has asked me,' said Meg ; ' but then, Auutie dear, he's asked me that a great many times, and I don't think I should like Jto do it. 1 Want to be married in a proper kind of way, with a proper . dress, and a proper train, and proper wedding presents, and a cake, and rice, and treats to the tenantry, and all that. ' I don't like getting married as if I was doing something I was ashamed, of. Of course, if Father breaks my heart, wrecks my life and ruins my happiness, lie must take the consequences.' ' Tou are a silly child,' said Mrs. Johnnie ; ' I would wake him up if I was his daughter.' ? ' Yes, I know you would, dear ; you very often do as it is,' said Meg, with a laugh. ' But, besides that, I feel pretty sure that you will be able to help things a little. You're so clever, Auntie ; you've got such a way with the men — upon my word, you uo just what you like with them.' ' Well, I doj' admitted Mrs. Johnnie, with an air of much modesty ; ' but I don't flatter myself that I'm in vulnerable when the man Ja my own brother. You see, my child, one's brother is such a prosaic person ; he looks at one with such different eyes to any other man in the world. I always^eef-that uo woman was ever a real heroine to her own brother ; in the ordinary course of events it' cannot be so. Now, there was Cleopatra, who was able to turn the heads of the whole world after she was forty ; I wonder whether she had a brother or not ? Depend npon it, he thought Mark Antony an idiot if she had. One's brother never makes allowances for one, and of course there is no glamour. He knows exactly what shade one's hair was when one Was ten, and when one first began to help out nature with art. One's brother knows exactly how mnch one weighs, and he generally thinks his sister is six inches more round the waiot than she really is. If she isn't dressed in a sack, he is quite sure that she pinches ; and if she gets attention, whatever her age is, he always thinks that she is forward, and is making a show of herself.' : ' I don't think Father ever looked at you with those eyes,' said Meg, demurely. * 'Oh, didn't he?' replied Mrs. Johnnie, with a qu'zzical air. ' Then he's very much altered of late years, that's all I can say.''' ' Well, I'm very angry with Father,' said Meg ; ' I don't agree with him on any one point just now, not any one ; and I feel pretty sure that he's going to break my heart, and that I shall sink into an early grave ; hut I must do him the justice to say, joking apart, that he has, and always has had, the most in ordinate idea of your business qualities. Only the other day, he said to me, ' There are points on which your Aunt Flossie is next door to a demented lunatic ; but, at the same time, I must say that I wish I had as good a business head as she has.' ' 'Oh,' said Mrs. Johnnie, scornfully, ' thst com pliment doesn't amount to much. I always have a convenient lawyer's letter to take me out of Stonor's Rest, when it gets as dull as ditch-water, and altogether too unbearable . to endure for a single day longer ; and your father is so blind that he never sees that the letter is as great a sham as the business.' ' I think, Auntie,' said Meg, with a laugh, ' that you look upon Father very much as you imagine that Father looks upon von.' ' I think it's not unlikely,' said Mrs. Johnnie. All the same ; with the light of morning, Mrs. Johnnie returned to the attack with as much vigour as if she had not suffered defeat the previous even ing. She came down to breakfast a little late, and she had apparently entirely forgotten that her/brother was not on his usual good terms with her. ' Dear me, Robert,' she said, bustling in in her smart crimson, breakfast-gown, ' what punctual people you axe here. Dear, it's quite delightful to be here with the up-with-the- lark, earlytobed early-to-rise-system. Really and truly, I. always feel that a few days at Stonor's Rest does me as much good as a trip to the.Ehgadine.' ' H'm, do you ever go to the Engadine?' said Mr. Stonor, eyeing her distrustfully, arid thinking, if the truth be told, how utterly out of place with nature his sister must always strike the eye of all beholders. - - - ' I do sometimes, my dear brother,' said Mrs. Johnnie, with an admirable air of . indifference, ' when I feel my liver getting a little out of order, and my ideas getting stodgy and old-fashioned. Then is the time to go to the Engadine ; it pats new life into you, and that jb 'a very good tiling for everybody. Upon my word though, Robert, joking apart, the view from . that window really is prettier 'than anything I ever saw in the Engadine, it's lovely.' The assertion was a terrible story, hnt Mrs. \- Johnnie classed it as a white lie in her own -mind, and mentally uttered a little supplication for for giveness ; for, as she afterwards told Meg, the horrid dull green vista of wet tnrf and trees gave her the shivers to look at. But Robert Stonor never guessed the real state of her feelings ; he graciously admitted that the view was a fine one, and that hi ' thought it would improve as time went on. And then Mrs. Johnnie left the window and settled her self at the table. : 'Charming zoom this, Robert,' she said, 'you don't know the effect it has upon me, after my little nutshell.' ' Never can understand how you can live in such a place,' said he, still further mollified. ' Ah, well, my'dear, of course I haven't got the means to keep up a great place like this, nor a great place to keep up if I had the means,' she answered. ' If I had Stonor's Rest,' she went on meditatively, ' I fancy I should let it furnished.' 'Hey?' he demanded. ' - Mrs. Johnnie turned her eyes upon him with a look of mild inquiry. They had been very fine eyes in their day— large and blue, and utterly serene. Of late days, thby had also been what in professional circles is termed ' chucked out alittle operation which Mrs. Johnnie performed every morning aDd indeed several times daring the day, .with the aid of ' a ' hairpin and a candle- flame. It was, perhaps, as well that neither she nor Mr. Stonor could read tl e thoughts at that moment passing in the mind of the other. For Mrs. Johnnie's thoughts ran something like this : — ' Ugh, you obstinate old creature, I wonder what you'd feel like if yon 'kLew. how abhorrent it is to me to sit here praising up your draughty old barrack, and gashing over your soppy hit of a view, when I Bhould just like to tell! -yOu exactly what I think of them both, and of yon too.' 'While on his side, be was thinking, 'H'm, Flossie used to be a tolerably decent-looking woman before she took to daubing her cheeks 'dnd dabbing half an inch, of black paint nnder her eyeS. IFs. bad enough at night ; brit in the morning, it's enough to give one a fright. Bah! wish she could see herself as I see her, she'd soon wash her face and pat that top-knot in the fire.' However the two,' outwardly, got on exceedingly well. Meg sat at the other end of the table, behind the coffee-pot, a little grave and silent, hut wonder ing at the same time whether Mrs. Johnnie would have any success or nof. And when the meal was over, Mr. Stonor got up with quite an air of genial hospitality, and hovered somewhat uneasily in front of the fire, when Mrs. . Johnnie looked up, and said very sweetly, ' I wanted to have half au hour's talk with yon, Robert ; it's on a matter of business. You see I'm obliged to settle nearly everything for myself,, and I can't help bothering you a little abcut it,' in(a very apologetic , . tone. ' ? ' 1 ' Oh, certainly, certainly, Flo6Eie, I am quite at your service,' Baid be. with quite a wonderful dis . play of forced geniality. ? ' Can you spare it now ?' said Mrs. Johnnie, looking up. - ' Certainly, whenever yon please.' ' Very good. Shall I come into the. library now, or shall I come in half -an-hour's time?' ' Oh. you'd better come now; and get it over and done with.' ' Y— Y — Yes. Would it make any difference to you if I came in half -an -hour?' ' Not at all— why should it ?' ' I didn't know whether you might be gomg some where or not. You see, country ways are so different from town ways. I wonder if you would really mind if I got warm first ; I'm rather chilly this morning, Yon see, Robert, I'm not used to such a large place as the Rest.' ' Oh, to be sure— corns to the library when you like— I'm not going out till half -past 11.' ' What are you going to do, Auntie?' o3ked Meg, as he left the room. ' What am I going to do ? I'm going to ask his consent to your marriage.' ' But he won't give it to you.' ' No, perhaps he won't, but I'm going to ask his consent several times a day for the next few weeks.' 'But, Auntie, he'll never stand it.' ' My dear child,' said Mrs. Johnnie, ' what can he do? He can't take me by the shoulders and put: me out of the house, because I won't go. He cin't say. he wants my bedroom, because I should only say ''.Yon 'cannot have it.' I didn't want to come down here at' this time of year — yoh know I always like to come to Stonor's Rest in the warm autumn weather or in- the late summer, not at this biting season— but, having wrenched myself away from a very pleasant little demi-season in town, at the risk of neuralgia, rheumatism, influenza, and a d ^en equally unpleasant and unbecoming com plaints, I mean if possible to accomplish the business t'aat brought me here. At all events, I shall spare neither pleasure nor pains to do it if it can be done. If your father has not got the sense to see that he ought to be thankful to settle you with eighteen; thousand a year, I intend to make it my business to iaipress that fact upon him.' . . ' You're a wonderful womap. Auntie,' said Meg, admiringly. ,v_\ Mrs. Johnnie herself was hv no means so sure as she made out to Meg that her intention of gaining the day would prove triumphant. She knew, no one better, the extraordinary power of obstinate resistance of which the master of Stonor's Rest was possessed. Her instinct just then, however, was to keep Meg's sprits up, and not cast them down, by letting slip a single hint of her fears that the quest was more or less a hopeless one. She made as light as possible of her approaching interview with Mr- Stonor, but all the same, as a matter of fact, she was simply quaking at the prospect of it. Never did a woman iive who hated anything approaching to a quarrel or a scene more utterly than Mrs. Johnnie, yet, on occasion, Bhe could fight with the best; and she had made up her mind that, if Robert drove her to it, she would fight then and to some purpose. ' Now, dear child,' she said, settling herself into the most comfortable chair in the room, which she had pulled up to the fire, ' give me the paper, let me skim the news, and then I'll keep myself very 'quiet for hilf-an-hour, before I go into the library.'' Meg handed her the paper, and stood for a moment looking at her. ' Auntie,' she said, ' would you rather that I didn't speak at all ? ' ' Much rather,' 'Said Mrs, Johnnie. ' Well; then, I'll go and do my flowers. You won't mind my coming into the room once or twice, . will you?' ' Oh, no, dear ; but you understand I want to ?' keep myself fit for the encounter,' she replied. Meg accordingly betook herself off to the conser vatories with her basket, where she cut the flowers, as she d;d every morning, for the decoration of the dinner- table, and Mrs. Johnnie, after seeing the announcement of a royal engagement, the main details of a brilliant wedding to which she would have gone had she been in town, the death of a pleasant, acquaintance and other interesting items of news, settled her head back against the chair, shut her eyes, and did not move for half-an- hourby the tiny chimes of the skeleton clock on the chimney shelf. Then she got up, shook out the ample foldB of her smart breakfast-gown, looked at herself in the pier-glass, and settled one or two rather rebel lions-looking curls on her forehead. It was a charm- , ing top -knot that she had on that morning— her very, b3st, if the truth be told — worn to have -due effect, upon the unseeing eyes of the master of the house. ' I look very fit this morning,' her thonghts ran. But she evidently did not consider herself above im provement, for sue fished out a Bweet little powder puff, enclosed in an equally sweet little silken hag, - drawn by a silken thread ; and she touched up her face here and there, until she made herself more ob noxious in appearance in her brother's eyes than even she generally was. Then, like a ship in full sail, with all her 'charms well to the front, a smile in her eyes, pleasant words on her lips, and an awful fear quaking at her heart, Mrs. Johnnie sought the library door, and her brother's presence. ' I wanted to ask your advice about a letter that I .had this morning, Robert,' she said suavely, draw ing a chair to the table and settling herself therein.. ' You know that ever since Mr. Stuart has done my b is'ne-s I have done remarkably well with the little money with which I allow myself to speculate. I am now fifteen hundred pounds to the good, and he advises me to' put it into Los Angeles. Row, as a man of business, what would you advise me to do ? Mr. Stuart says that I am safe to doable .niv money in three months, but 1 feei rather doubtful about it. Now, tell me, Robert, as a man uf business,' what would you dp ? ' Now, Mrs. Johnnie had no more idea of puttir g fifteen hundred pounds into Los Angeles than she had of presenting it to an asylum for idiots ; in fact, o.' the two she would rather have taken the latter course. But, wily woman that she was, she knew that Robert Stonor loved -to be thought a man of business, especially by a woman of such acumen as he credited her with bring, so, when he put on an extrajudicial a:r and, pursing up his lips and raising his eyebrows, siid, were he in her place, hp should cortainly think twice over before putting fifteen hundred pounds into so shaky a concern as Los Angeles, she elaborately made . up her mind that she would without farther consideration say ' No ' to Mr. Stuart's proposal. ' My. better judgment told me that it was a risk,', she said gravely, ' and now that I have your opinion on the subject, Robert, I am quite determined, I will wrife,at once to Mr. Stuart and tell him. that I . will not follow his advice. I rather wonder that he ; gave it to me. And now, Robert,' she went on in the same bland tone, 'I want to ask you about . another matter. What are you going to do about Meg's marriage ? ' (7o le continued.) 