Among The Boxers. CORBETT an i) MITCHELL The Figlit Declared Off. H. IAING AND 31; DOOLEY MATCH!]]) FOR £100. Mnrtia Douuy Vilus. Melbourne boxing -notes. Dohorty Whips ? O'Neill ?After a Six Kouuds Rattle— Joo Coililnril '?uil His Creditors— The Seale- Vnlcntlne Contest— Dalla'rat Business— Iiunennii M'lntyro aro to Meet— M'Uovran i Clmilenges Willis— What Will tho Cumberland Club Do— Ameri- can News and Kotes— Tlio I'O'iiu-Siiiith Battle— The' Latest Melbourne Sows Ami Everything! up., to Date. (Bt ' TnK AsiATEtnt.') There is a letter hero for Tom Taylor. ? ? '? .'?' .??'?? ; :-. ' ?'.?:' ? -What aro tho odds' that Griffo does n-# return to Sydnoy by tho noxt American* .nittilboat? ??-- ? ? .'.?'?' J3oth Laiiig and Dooley aro training in Sydney, and aro working hard for their contest, which takes place on November 27 next. 9 ? » £fjVIick Dnnno was iri^tchod to; box ton .rounds with an Amert&an; named Prod Morris as a curtain raiser to the Dixon Sinith contost. ? « » Herb. Goddard is certainly better and stronger in every respect sinco ho returned to Sydney. v Ho say3 ho's had enough of America, and wouldn't return there under any consideration. ? » ? Bill Lindsay has naked mo to state that ho would like to havo a ro with any of the JOst 71b mon, oither hero or in Melbourne; ,'ao also wants another chance at Sandy jRoss, but I'm afraid he'll havo to whistle for it. ? ? ? ? » Dan Crecdon is back again in New York tfith Torn Tracoy and his manager, Col. Hopkins. Dan is trying hard to got n. fight, but up to tho prosont has mot with so success sineo ho poCshod off Groggains m bucn iv iruueamuuiinu wuiiiiur. ? « # The sports committoo in connection with tho auujial Highland Gathering, which takes place at tho Association Cricket Ground on Mew Year's Day, havo, with their usual liberality, voted a sum of .£12 for wrostling in catch-as-cntch-can Btylo. Tho contest is open to all comers, and tho stako will bo divided as follows : . -£10 to the winner and £2 to tho second man. As tho entrance fee has been fixed at tho modest sum of half-a-crown, a largo number of entries should result. * .????,? It is ovident that Messrs. Scale and Valentine aro determined to leuvo no stone unturned to get really fit and well for their twelve-round battle, which is set down for jlecision at tho Australian Gymnastic Club on Saturday, December 23. Sealo is train ing at tho club, and , even thus early is looking remarkably well. Valentino plods along n't hia work steadily, as ho always has done, and will bo real well when- ho enters tho ring. It will bo an interesting, contest, and just about an oven-money battlo. \- » ' ? Tho latest up-to-date nows in the pugi listic lino is ropleto with interest. Tho gonial Lawronco Foloy has shaved off his ''? fiidtvlovers, aud now look* so handsomo \- that his best pupils are frightened of hit ting him. That reminds mo of the fact that Foloy is working like a nigger at his pupils, and is always to. bo found hard at work instructing on every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. Despite tho cry of.bad times, thoro aro 'raoro than a few' who , afford themselves tho privilego.of his per sonal instruction, and that they benoflt from it, goes without saying, ? ? ? ? Now that tho American authorities havo prohibited tho Cocbett-Mitcholl light from .taking placo in nny part of tho United States, it remains to bo scon what tho various big clubs propose to do. . T'ko big event has been callod off, but negotiations Bro still going on between Corbolt and 'Peter Jackson regarding their proposdd contest for next June. Howover,. in their enso tho several difficulties ought t'o bo easily ovorcorae, for it. is certain that tho National Sporting Club in London will offer a big purso for a meeting between tho two champions, who would bo guaranteed tho best of fair play within the walls of this splendidly-managed institu tion. ? ? ? .' ? ? *? ?''.' As an impression scorns to bo gaining ground that boxing contests aro illegal,' I hasten to corroct tho eomo, and to stato that provided a boxing contest is carried out on proper lines, and under tho auspices of a bona title club, such contos'ts will nssuredy bo permitted to take place. It 13 tho Saturday night scrapper that has dono Buch .i lot of harm to tho sport, for tho reasoM that lio has never beon nor over tried to bo in proper condition. Two proporly trained athletes, bo tboy amateur or prof&uiional;, need foar no interruption at tho hands of our Sydnoy authorities.: * ' *. A priv.-ito athletic cntortainment is being organised by tho management of the. Australian Gymnastic Club, to take ,plnco on or about Novombor 16 noxt, for the benefit of Sir Jfobert Duff, our worthy Governor, Major-Gonoral Hutton, tho officers on his'staff, and several prominent Hportsmon in tho city. The ontortain inont, whii'h, by-th«-byu, is puroly compli mentary , iv ill include eoverol exhibitions of scientific boxing, na woll as1 other branches of sport. Tho exact dato has not yet beon fixed, but will bn definitely announced in a fow days. * * * Keferoadera road, mark, and inwardly dignJt tho following news contained in a paragraph clipped from tho'lSan Franscisco Cheokici.k : — ' Bnkei'sfudd can boost of a Celestial prize-fight--r. lie rejoices in tho n:tme of Woo Sin^;, and is connected with a CliinMo restaurant. Sing claims to be a pupil or Harry Muynr.rd. M.inagnr Dilly Woods, or the Hakernlield Athletic Club, is nniv managing tho pugilisitica/ly inolinod 2ton'riliau. He is matched to box twenty rounds with Aiisclino Herrer.i, who is credited witU being tho chntii].iinn light wuight pugilist of Kern County, l'akurs Jicld in apparently a very Bporty town, as thn sumo niglit four Kern ccunty beauties ?will (U.n tho mittens. Miss Millie Stokea in to lufnt MiM Mabel Ward, and Mis'* Chloo lfuntingtou will spur witfr Miss Kittio Smith. 'Uio entertaiiinion:!- will clo«- with a dance. Tho wealth and tcauty of Kern county is sure to bo prosont.' ' ' What price this ? Bakersflcld must be a ' rod hot' i-jf.orting town, with a decidedly ouarrolsoiuo climate at tho bead of aflnire. Tut Ryun, has relumed from HUlgrovo, and left Sydney by boat for Melbourne yostorday. }.lu tried hard for a passago in tho A lumeda, but couldn't manage to fix things uji. Ho in ready aud willing to talio ou any middle-weight ill Australia, nud is anxious to box Pheasant tho best of ton or twenty roiiuds in Sydney or nny wlivro else. ? ? ? A London sporting journal is rosponBiblo for tho- following .— ' A very singular pugilistic encounter, of which no mention is inado in Kistinnii, took placo'in tho year 1817, i-.t il spot quaintly called 'The Dead Iittd'B Grave,; a low iiiUns on tho outskirts of Wolvcrlininpton. At that time, in pedestrian circles, theto flourished an in dividual mimed .Tnek Khodea, ' who, in addition to his ability to compuss quicker than any of his contemporaries* the cou siderablu jotmioy, of ilO wiles, could uls'o porform very respectably with his Munches of fives, or rathor, it should bo said, with ono of -thoso bunches. Clmnco lnd Master Jack Khodea into a quarrol with a follow .townsman, named To'm Lowo, who cotrld icjao 'scrap' a bit, but not so woll an tlio pedoatrhCh champion, arid, tho dilTorononbc tw«b\i the couple being uuhcalod by timo, it was* at length detormUied botweon tho pair to stake a .livor oach and sotfclo the. disptito in tho old-fashioned and orthodox uuinner. Lowo, however, acknow ledging Ithodes'. superiority as' a boxor, was not willing to encounter him «pon lovel terms, and in ord'or to bring thorn together it seums'to havo occurred to some one that a good handicap could bo framed 'by allowing Rhodes tho usopfouo hand only during tho first 20 rounds of tho con 'test, nftor which timo, if neithor man had won, tfio tied up limb should bo released, and both .sail under equnl ennvns. Accord ingly, when tho day arrived, tho, men got into the ring, and in due couiio Rhodes' auctioneer was secured to hia sidb by bandagos,, o-pplied much as a surgeon fits thuse articles after, reducing a frdctmod collar-bouo. Thefighttheu comnienced.and, as had been expected, tho oho-ha'ndod competitor showed marked superiorly ov'Br his bettor-furnished antagonist, who, in tho course of tho twenty rounds, though 'ho escaped a knockout, was so mauled that ?hi3 sweutheart would never havo known him.' That boing so, almost any odds wero offered upon Rlibdoa' ultimate victory, and when his' right was roloased, ho ovon wont so far as to.adviso Lowo to ' look out for himself,' aitvjco which seemed to bo cer tainly justified. But a marvellous surprise ?was in store for all concerned, for instead of following up his early successes, it was seen that Rhodes could 'do nothing liko so woll with two hands as he had done with ono, and Lowo finiAing this ont, Boon bogan to get back something of his own. Onco having got to the front, too, ho nover looked back, and in tho end of a punishing UaifblV, Wllltll lib UI4U muju 'w ».,»*» ..ww .. ghost of a clianco of winning, lie finished off Rhodes by knocking him out of ' timo in tho forty- second round, in the last twenty two of which ho led most decisively. Thoso present, of whom sovoral are now alive to verify this singular story, could hardly believe what they had seen, as up- to the timo of tho imprisoned arm being roloased, long ? odds would httv'o been laid that Ehode3 won almost without a black eye.' 