[?] BY Ds _: i MRS. A. BIJJzJ?? ' [ [Aix Eights Reserved.] BOOK II. CHAPTER XV. — (Conttntoed.') Musing tbuB, and all abstracted, she' scarcely heeded certain sounds that floated about her, believing they came from the street, until ebe was compelled to recognise a eteuo'orian ?? Una, Uoa^irl, come down 1' from her uncle. She had left him and Mr. Laxry^p'repaiing fbr a siesta within cush ioned easy-chaira and veiled with, hand kerchiefs. 'Tea, I'm coming, uncle,' she called oat wondering why she was wanted at that hour, a*d hastening downstairs, she met her uncle at tie foot. . ?.** Go in there and see,' he said in answer to h« ' What ie it ?' and gently pushed her through the dining-room door j ust at hand. She entered and saw Roland, who rose and went forward to meet ber. Could it be Roland? Could 20 hours produce each a change? He had left her yesterday with the upright, firm carriage peculiar to him ; to-day he was bent, shrunken, broken down, it seemed ; his eyes sought here with a mute appeal in their depths, as if for her protection, her tender ness. Larry was sitting in Ma easy chair ej ing him ruefully in silence ; the Captain was standing near the door, where Una was also standing-, with Roland's cold, clammy hand trembling in her own, with her eyes full of pity and distress.' ?' Here's a nice how-do-you-do !' began the captain, with his face redder ttian usual, and his brows 'bunched severly. ' Get him something to eat, Una ; he's starving — that's what's the matter with him. Stir cook' up at once, and begin with wine and biscuit. Here, don't stand, boy. Hun, Una I Lord bless my girl ! fetch him a bite of something.' 'Starving?' exclaimed Una, as her uncle led Roland by the arm back to his seat on the sofa, and she, full of fear and astonishment, hastened to get the needed refreshment. . ? ^ ?..-,_ a. ....... - -^ When about to bring wine' -saiid biscuit on a dainty little t¥ay, her uncle came behind her and pipped her on the shoulder. ' Don't bother him with questions when ' you^take him that,' -he said. *♦ He has had. a shindy with the old woman.' ' ' Quarrelled with Mrs. Gold win, you mean?' ' Something like it. He came in a cab, and walked in here more dead than alive. Larry and me were napping; but his coming in like a broken-masted ship drove the sleep out of gis— took the wind ont of the canvas'. ~ H% jjiiBt sa#'down on the eofa, and said, witlf/bnil. ghost of a smile : ♦Captain, take me^in^tow^ior a while ! I'm -about sinking — I want food and shelter. 1 know you'll give me both. Give me food, for not another bite will 1 take inside Goolgun. I'm hungry and weak. Don't aek me any questions yet, tor I can't answer them $ only be my friend as ever !' fin rlnn'i- +o»no +.h« \\\n\r Txrit.'n nnfififinns. Something has gone wrong witn kim at home, you may be euro. I'll carry that for you,' He took the tray up, and he and she went back to the dining-room together to set it before him. Larry roue and looked at Captain Fenna cove *-o meaningly that the latter followed him outside. ' Leave them alone,' muttered Larry, on the other side of the door. ' Us two old coves will only be ia the road. She'll pull him through.' *? Aye, she'll put him in dock for repairs right enough j but wnat the devil is it all about P' ' It ain't a devil ; it's a witch, I'd swear ; the jailer-haired, witch is at the bottom of it. I know her.'' Roland (aB we must still call him from habit) was grateful for the gentle minis tering which followed j he was glad to recline full-length on th« couch, with, soft cushions at his head and shoulders, placed there expressly for him ; he sipped the wine and nibbled the biscuit languidly, with every now and again a ' Thank you,', or-** How good you are 'td:~-me,''-'-&nd; a sorrowful gaze on Una's face, where pity and interrogation were legibly written. Presently, slightly cheered by the warmth of the wine and. few mouihfuls of biscuit, he said — .' You don't ask me why I am her* — this way.' . ' - ' Because you will tell us of your own ??Alwajs thoughtful, Una. 'Sour pre sence comforts me1.' Una was distressed; his present depen dence upon her was rather hazardous to .the haven she thought to en tor. She stooped as ho spoke to pick up something that had fallen behind the coucu, so that when she rose, her color was heightened for a second, but it passed quickly away. . -J^'r ? -.-' ~ rr 'Does Jessie know^|ou feiijmf** she asked naturally, and was surprised that he made no answer; for bis head, pressed againstthecuBhion,suddenly turned, giving her a buck view of it, and- hid eyes .closed, .but his lip's never moved. . . She did not repeat the question or speak again — not knowing what -to do or say — until he faced her, and she saw tears shining in hie eyes ; then prudence and . reserve wtre considerably weakened. Full of surmise, she was, as a matter of course, far from touching on the truth ; she could only fall back on suspicion — could only guess. that some misfortune had. assailed him 5 and Mb tearfa^rung iier^ieait-^a: much that all the hitherto suppressed tenderness hurst its bonds and rushed st6 her lips— ,.._ :-'0hi Rol-^-Rpll ^bg* fellow l^how can I help you?' Her eyes-filled, too ; her voice qniveredT ''' ^ ' ?™x' ' v- ~;- r -^ '- - 'F ?*? «' By still being. the_ dean friend, the gentle sister of the past days,' he answered, with a pitiful break, Jjq. his accents, and a hand before his eyes. Then with a strange suddenness he added, ' I think I could Bleep.' - ?' So you shall,' she said, and imme diately proceeded to close the blinds and draw the curtains in the room; then — ' Nobody shall disturb you.' ' Thank you. Oh ! thank you ; you are : *so kind! \ Come back sooni the wjme is in s^y'i-ad,jrJ|e^I!eye.!''. '_- ;. ^ \- jjAjad so, -with his ^murmiiredatuanks fol lowing her to the do'orj she jSaSsed through with the softest tread and closed it care fully. ' ' ' ? And Roland, ashamed of the tears which would flow, thus secured a desired tem porary solitude, and next, giving way to drowainei-B, was lulled by the sleep denied him the night previous. He ^lept so soundly and so long that the appetising dish ordered for him especially was in danger of being spoiled — t bat the dining-room was given up to him, and the host 'and hostess with their fri«-iid Larry had. ?dinner laid elsewhere, and allowed him to sleep on undisturbed. But Roland, unaware that sleep was to overtake him, aB the coneeqaencg of food and the feeling of content at being with friends, had not told Una that he expected somebody to meet him at Unaville that afternoon or night;, and this somebody came, very much to the surprise of the Pen nacoves and the wrath of Washington Larry, when they were about finished with dinner in the drawing-room. It was no other than Theodore Lock stud, and he came abruptly on them, unaware that he should find them in the drawing-room, being t old. they Were dining, and Baying he would, wait until they were finished. So ha pushed open the door, never heeding: the servant's ' Not in there, sir,' and stood before Roland's friends. He had not met Washington Larry for over 20 years, t et they recognised each other with a malignant scowl ; and Larry eot up nnd left, the room ; but Lockstud, too intent upon another matter, did not give him a second thought as soon as he waB out of his sight. fiis manner was peculiar. Always cour teous, he was now almost boorish ; but his appearance proving that he waa really ill caused this breach of etiquette to be over looked. His hat remained on his head, and he forget to say ' Good evening.' What he did say was, ' Is Gold win here ?' when Ids eyes having searched the room,' failed to light on him. There was a note in his pocket, which, like a small electric battery, touched all his nerves and. kept them-leapii% and tiriglihg-3-stfippfrd' h¥m, too,' of Mb gal lantry and cold studied civility. How could he think of anything else r It was a pistol at bis throat — a rope round his neck. What man could think of polite 'words and e very-day 'courtesy with an invisible noose under his collar dragging him on perhaps to ignominy and destruction P Roland had hurled the lasso, and Jack had helped to fix it when he handed his father that note, which ran : ' Meet me this afternoon or to- night at Unaville. To-day I shall leave Goolgun for fVer. Jlr-'eomtjti&nd; ydif tp come and liea? thejeaeon wEy: ;Lam ilt.and dazed.' It was addressed to Theodore Lockstud, Epq,, and signed Roland Goldwin. He scarcely dared to ask himself what it meant, and put off the requested meeting as long as ho could fight against the influence 'impelling; him to obey the call. I As soon as he could leave the bank he went to Goolgun, and asked calmly if he could »ee Mrs. Goldwin, but was told she had been taken very ill in the morning — that the doctors had seen her, and given orders to aamit no visitors, ana naa pre scribed perfect rest. ' And Mr. (ioldwin ; I can see him, of course ?' ' He was awfully cut up, sir, about the misf-is, and went out this afternoon for an airincr, I suppose ; he may be back soon.' ' Well, I would like to see Mrs. Dripper. I have a message to give her particularly.' ?«* Oh! Mrs. Dripper has left Goolgun for pood, sir; and behaved most shameful just went out of the house as soon as the missis took so bad, and never went near her !' This from the parlormaid. Locketud's pulse increased; hd stood dumb on the Goolgun threshold — opened Viia mnnt.li to sneak, but said notnine : then he turned swiftly on his heel, ran down the stone steps, and left the maid j staring after him, not favorably impressed with, his good breeding. . 'H«, mitfht have given ..a civil thank you-,'o she thought. '.;:.; ??,*.: H* turned from the Goolgun doors and walked across the terrace* till he came to the fountain,, and, standing there, knew not that he covered the very sejf- Bame spot where .Terry had fallen headlong— had lain a night through to absorb from the dank dew-tilled grass hie death potion. Lockstud bared his head and put out his hands to catch the epray and threw it over his head and face ; and this being done, his teeth began to chatter, and he cursed himself for a fooL ^Anybody might know- the sudden cold would, cause a smvering, n-e aaiu. , w«i» *«3 miew *b ««» not the douche that had done it, and turned front the fountain, where the sun- . beajnswere sniping and dancing in dazzling cubfres of br%h.tn«8s as the glinting willow-liko lines of water fell gurgling musically ^fifjo^tne basin. He -would not gphome, and he shirked going to Unaville. with the lasso, at his throat, ret compelling, him to go _pr be strangled. He sought amusement at the Zoological GardenB, and thought the animals were leering at him ; ' he turned from there and visited the Cyclo rama — then on Tiew — representing th« battle of Waterloo. The. portrayal was perfect — agonizingly perfect to the sensi tive spectator, with it** smoke and fire and carnage, ita faces of the dead and dying, and hard grim realities and terrors of the gory battle field. Loekstud eickenel at it, and left after a ^mjnj&e;^tay.; aeit he -went to his ' \- '?'? a ' _i club and tried to read a- paper — tried to eat his dinner there. One or two asked him if he had been ill ; and he told them he had been having a, look at the Cyclo rama, ' It is infernally life-like/? he declared, with a frown ; ' I don't see the use of such harrowing exhibitions.' -. He made a pretence of dining, and helped himself rather freely to brandy neat, but he did not stay out all the courses, for his heck seemed to be straining in its yoke-; the drag on him was getting stronger, ^.nd there was nothing for him but to go quietly away and submit to. the attraction he could not resist. : So he stood at last ia the house to which he had been commanded to come, and asked — 'Is Goldwin here?' ' Yes,' blurted out the Captain,' '.'he's here, and all out of gear. Whatf s up P I suppose you know.' 'I don't. Is he ill?' ' Not exactly ill,' said Una, ' but worried over something which he has not told us yet. He is asleep now, and we thought it best not to waken him even for his dinner. Will jon join us? We are late, because we waited a while, thinking he might wake.' Lockstud bowed, and said he had dined, but he was glad to take a chair. There was an eagerness to hear from him whatevetihe might know, relative to. Ro- land's distress, both on the Captain's and Una's side. Locketud had never set foot in their house since he had been told of their hospitality to Larry ; his very visit at that hour, so unexpected, so brusque — - his glance round the room in search of Roland, and his question' — his blanched face and. drawn features,, all seemed to point to him as one who did know some thing. ' You must know why he is here and not at home ; why he looks like a scare crow,' said the Captain. ' I know no more -ihan voa,' answered Lockstud. ' I've been to Goolgun ; the servant told me his mother was ill, and ..that he was not at home. .. I— I thought to a'nd him at jour place, since he was not at ours, and tell him he ought not to be out when she is really bad.' ' Well, you're not looking Al yourself,' said Captain Pennacove, who, inclined to hostility, was in a relenting mood this minute - towards this unwelcome guest, airainst whom Larry had hardened him. 'Take- something.' He pushed the whisky decanter towards him and then turned to Una. ' Go and have a peep at the boy, Una ; he might be awake by this.' And as she went to do his bidding he con tinued to Lookstud : 'It strikes me there's be?n a deuce of a row at home, and that's why she's ill and he is upside down.' Lockstud, having accepted the offer of whisky, had the decanter in his hand over the glass, and it waved in his grasp as if the room were a rolling ship-saloon, so that the liquor ran down the sides of the glass and on to the snow-white cloth. Captain Pennacove watched him keenly from under his shaggy hrowe. ' That fellow does know something,' he decided in his own mind ; but he began to talk of other things, and found converse flag, and that b« was getting random replies. Quite half an hour went by before Una returned to say Roland was awake and WUU1U BOO ilUt MAJaovuUy Y» uv Afoo m' w**w and loft uncle and niece alone, the former expressing some annoyance at being left so long with ' a fellow like that.' ' I couldn't h Up it, uncle,' pleaded Una. ' I think Mr. Lockstud knows more than he wishes to tell. Roland was scarcely fit for any exciting interview, so, finding him awake, I got him. to eat his dinner first to get his strength up.' ' Oh, wise little judge !' exclaimed the and with his finders at her ear ready to pinch. ' You can't spend your wisdom or devotion on a better subject, nor can he think any other devotion so sweet.' Una reddened painfully and turned away.. He thought the blush a tell- tale, and chuckled at it audibly with a shake of his broad shoulders. He and Larry had mar ried her long ago to Roland over their pipes and the friendly glass. Then, to put her at her ease again, he asked— ' Did you see how Larry's back was up when Lockstud came in — -how he sidled out of the room ?' ' I was too much occupied with Mr. Lockstud's lookB to notice Mr. Larry, uncle, and thought he had something to tell us to explain this visit of Rol's,' she said. ' The fellow looked ill enough, and I pitied him for it; but, ITiate him all the same.' The hated one was standing at the dining-room door hesitating before he turned the handle. Daniel never faltered at the mouth of the lions' den as Lockstud faltered now ! The Due d'Enghien never quaked and whitened with qualm when marshalled before the .line of soldiery to receive that murderous 'shower o| bullets as Lockstud quaked and ?whitened, now-4 :, ~r: With. ??;'»? desparate ; determination to assume a calm exterior, he at length pushed the door and entered, not forgetting to turn the key in the lock . before advancing tn meet Roland, who stood with arms folded across his breast awaiting him, and somewhat strengthened for the encounter by the long rest and the food just con sumed. Nevertheless, Rolund was trem bling, but made no pretence of hiding his agitation, as the man who confronted him was struggling tp do, y at failing; miserably, for his voice shook and his features went awry, as he drew the note from his pocket and tossed it on the table towards the youihg man, saying quietly — .«- Explain. that. Believing you demented, I. have come, as you wished, if only to take' you baek to Goolgun. You have eet the Penaacoves's imagination running riot, Nowi what does.it mean?;' Contempt and compassion were strangely mingled on Roland's countenance. It was pitiable to him to hear the man's assump tion of reproach and innocence, and yet to see the fear' and wretchedness which could not lie* like his words. He could not answer at once, for misery, was stifling him. His own father 'was this, not know ing how much or how little his son knew of their unhappy relations, and sick with suspense so ill-concealed beneath its poor veneer of eang froid. He silently scanned him for a few seconds, and then, with a - thrilling pathos, replied— ' You ask what it means ? Can. you njot guess f You do guess — nay, guess is not the word — you know 'why I have.1 sent for youl Your -face 'betrays -you— belies your words. Why deny it? Why more -deceit ? Did you think to go down to your grave carrying the secret with you— to leave's, foul . wrong un righted? No, you shall not ! As there is a; just God in heayen, bo ehallhe mete out justice to his creatures here. . It is for me, for Cecil Lockstud, your miserable son, to, take up the burden of this duty as he wills iti' ? . The. dart sped and pierced. ..Lockstud made no movement ; he simply stared at the note, unable to look Roland in the face. He was certain now that Mrs. Dripper had been playing at Queen's evidence. Why, he knew not. To convict that other woman, Mrs. Goldwin, she bwng the only one besides in the' plot, would be absurd, knowing how much for her depended upon her secrecy. Mrs. Dripper was surely the traitor, and he might have attempted bravado, to swear her statement away, braved much to undo hf r -words, but would not stand deeper pol luted before the eon who had won his pride and affection. Love bridled his tongue and preserved his soul from further blackness. It was this well-spring o£ passionate paternity which, like a strong current, had driven him on, in spite of reluctance, to obey the command in that per emptory note, which had tightened the lasso at his throat to drag him to his eon's feet, to ultimately- capitulate. Suspense gone, pretence fled, and Theodore Locketud, the father — not the man, not the bank .manager, the polite friend — stood crest fallen and abashed. Powerless as an infant to retort or de fend his head dropped till chin lay on breast. Roland, scarcely prepared for complete surrender and .- abject remorse, felt in this supreme moment of agony as if his heart would burst. He was dis armed, unmanned, and all the epithets of scorn which were rising to his lips withered there, never finding utterance. In ? mute misery, like his father's, he turned and- laid his head against the 'wall and on his arm, and then did as Joseph, when he made himself known to his brethren ; he ' raised his voice in weeping.' If iron tears ran down Pluto's cheeks, iron tears gathered now in the elder man's eyes, but he daehed his handkerchief across them and strode to Roland's side ; he placed a hand on hia shoulder and cried in a hoarse whisper — Ci Hush ! hush ! for God's sake hush I They will hear you.' ' Let all the world hear,' moaned Roland, recklessly impulsive. tl And damn me 1' said Lockstud, alive to danger as to pain. ' Calm yourself and listen to what I have to telL' ' I am listening.' ' Not like that,' groaned Lockstud. ' How can I speak when you turn from me ? How can you heed ? Come, let us Bit down and have it all out.' Roland raised a white distorted face, and then, partly led by his father, reached a chair, and with him sat down by the dining-table ; but each averted his face from the -other, and -Roland, elbows on table, held his head in his hands, while Lockstud had thrown himself well back in his chair to aid respiration, which was painful. Then followed a dead silence, and, excepting for the thumping of each man's heart, not a movement for a minute or so, until Lockstud, struggling to master his weakness and bring forward some defence, commanded his voice. suffi- ciently to speak. Ha began with a ques tion, and but two wordB : ' Your informant ?' « What matter? I am informed ; that's the main point.' Roland spoke bitterly. (to be continued.) 