LITERATURE. THE LAND OF THE CYMRY.* " Little Switzerland," as it is sometimes called, is less known-excepting in so far as its natural beauties are concerned-to English-speaking peoples, at home and abroad, than any other part of Great Britain. The history, the literature, the folk-lore, the superstitions and traditions, the social life and national sentiment of the Scottish and Irish peoples have been copiously recorded. But those of Wales ofler an almost virgin field ; and the lady to whom we are indebted for Giimpm of il'tkh Life alid Character lias been evidently embarrassed by the abundance of the materials which she had to select from ; and each chapter might probably have been expanded into a volume with very little difficulty. The principality seems to have been the last part of the United Kingdom to under go the revolution brought about by eteam and the modern printing press ; and among its secluded valleys and lonely mountains still linger habits, and customs, and types of human character, which are the survivals ot a comparatively primitive form of civilisa tion. In the old pre-railroad days these were still more strongly accentuated. Most of the retail trade in what are now called "soft jyoods" was conducted by itinerating pack men, generally Scotch ; and when once they crossed the threshold and established a con nection, on the time-payment or tally system, they could never be shaken oft". "One old woman declared .that her family -opened an account with a packman, and for forty years they were in his clutches, having, during that time, paid more than triple the real value of the goods. In those day6 the packman was to the villages what the newspaper is to-day. lie brought the latest news about everybody und everything, and as he went from house to house he varied the news to suit the listeners." In country places the home life is described 'as being, even now, just as it was a hundred or more years ago. People are frugal but hospitable, and feelings of ccnviviality are prfltaoted by the consumption of home-made metheglin and rhubarb wine, with the addition of cream-cakes and honey. " Sheep , are still milked in Wales; and the-cheese made out of the milk is very-delicious. - Sheep's milk and cream are used by the Welsh house-mother in pastry-making, espe cially for dumplings and boiled puddings." The art of turning night into day seems to be, unknown in the rural districts of the princi-' .pality. " The people dine at 12 or 12.30.1 -They have tea at 4 o'clock and siipper about | 8, when, in Boine . parts of Wales,, the i curfew bell is still rung. In well-regulated j families everybody goes to bed at 10 o'clock, i 'and often before that hour." In bygone times Sunday sports-were almost universal. The parishioners attended divine service in the morning, and in the afternoon during the summer months interludes and bandy matches were played. - " These interludes, together with the Bports, were announced by the.pariBh _clerk at the. close of the morning: service. The clergyman and the clerk joined in the Sunday sports, and the former was generally an adept at football, bandy-quoits, and bowling." This was, of course, before Dr. Nicholas Bound had substituted the rigours of the Jewish Sabbath for the time-honoured recreations of the Christian Sunday, and bad declared that " to ring more bells than one upon tiie Lord's Day to call the people into church was as great a sin as to commit murder." In the early part of the present century organs were rarely or ever met with in Welsh places of worship, and the psalms were sung to the accompaniment of a violoncello, bassoons, clarionets, and violins. ." Crying lost goods, and making ordinary parochial announcements in church," we are told, " was a general practice as late as 5$. years ago. The clerk, in the tone .j&nd; manner of a town crier, called out aloud: ' Lost, stolen, or strayed! Three fat sheep and a very lean cow. Whoever will return the 6ame to the lower house shall be suitably rewarded.' " Fielding's Parson Trul liver found many parallels, it is to be feared, among the Welsh clergy, even as recently as the three first decades of the present century, partially justifying the old Welsh adage that " it is by the vicar's skirts that the devil climbs into the belfry." A convivial parson was generally popular with his flock, and one of'these in the west of Glamorgan used to enter church on .Sundays dressed in his every- day suit, which included white corduroys and yellow gaiters, put on his surplice, and say. alca^il to-4he. clerk. " Billy, what iday of $te m"om^4 51?) Another rector of the old/school useSt to go to church and wait for a congregating which never came. After tile sexton. bell four or five times in Succession, and' nobody had put in an appearance, tbfrrects>r_ would ask his subordinate, " ^at:stfafUwe> do?" "Leave it to the devil!" waB the' irreverent and abrupt reply; and forthwith the rector and the sexton adjourned to the Plfcigh and Harrow, where they held a meet ing more congenial to their tastes. To a much earlier period belongs a sermon preached by the Rev. David Morgan, rector ol Llanymawddy, oil the Garden of Para-, diee. it was not very edifying, but it must have been highly amusing. Here is one of its characteristic passages: "All sorts of trees did grow there-plum trees, jfdqBeberry treee, strawberry trees, pear tot^SjSnd apple trees. Talk about apple dump lings, you men of Llanymawddy, you d&^boast of your apple dumplings as if there was no apple dumplings in all the world like them, anil indeed they are very good, only theydo sugar; »bnt If yoa had pf'Paradise, you at aThe original jAfc and Character By : «6hn Hogg. Melbourne; |ppjn#M* /_ ? ? t - I manuscript of this sermon is preserved in the British Museum, as it surely deserves to be. One of the most curious customs, which are described as still prevalent in Wales, and as being particularly popular in Cardigan shire, is that of marriage by capture. " On the morning of the wedding day," it appears, " the bridegroom and his friends proceed to the residence of the bride's father, where they find the door locked, and the relatives and friends of the bride prepared to resist the bridegroom's entry." After some scuffling and an animated dialogue, chiefly in verse, the bridegroom is admitted; but where is the bride ? She sits disguised as an old crone in one corner, and, when found, is conducted to church or chapel ; but no sooner has she reached it than "she is seized by her father and brother or other relatives, who ride or drive oft" with her. A chase ensues, and when the bridegroom catches the party, the bride is delivered into his keeping; then they return to the church, and the wedding ceremony proceeds in the usual ' manner." Here we have, surviving in Great Britain, at the end of the 19th century, a practice originating among savage races, in prehistoric i times, an<l which has extensively prevailed in the four quarters of the globe. Plutarch j speaks ot it in Sparta, Apuleiua in. Home; it j was common among the aboriginal inhabi tants of India; and it is still to be. found among the native tribes on this continent, in New Zealand, and in many ot the islands of the Pacific. An old man, describing to Miss Trevelyan tlie modes of travel which obtained within his recollection, stated to ber that it was far from uncommon " to meet halt a dozen men carrying their wives pick-a-back to or from chapel, when the roads were in a yery.terrib^ condition. I have often,"he added, "seen the parson's wife going to a dinner party at the squire's. She had no carriage-not «he4rj and the roads were in some places ovefrl ankle deep with mud. So she w,erit on the back of her man-servant. And ifit.raih#*^ in the summer she would go pick-a-back -to , church for fear she might 1 dirty' herj slippers." Only seventy years ago people j who had been guilt)' of adultery were com pelled to do public penance. " The guilty woman,"covered with a white sheet, was com pelled to walk with her paramour, if known, up the nave of tlie parish church during the hours of divine service." For shrews, scolde, and immoral women, the ducking stool was called into requisition. "This stool, or chair, was fixed to the end of a long pole, arranged so as to be easily moved up and down over a inillpond, or. preferably, a pool of stagnant and noxious water. The j scold was seated in the chair, and bound i securely with c6rds, and then the men, taking hojd of the long pole, dipped or* ducked the culprit in the water." As re cently as 1845 shrews were thus-soused in mill-ponds. That the Welsh are an exceedingly musical race is a very well-known fact, and.-the language, although unpromising to the eye, owing to the redundance o? consonants, is saM to "be exceedingly melodious, and well adapted, therefore, for purposes of song. Singing, in fact, appears to be as natural to the people of the principality as to the birds that fill their woodlands. " From their cradles to theii graves," writes Miss Trevel yan, ''songs and hymns are to be heard. The Welsh mother, nursing her babe in the rock ing-chair or old- fashioned oaken cradle, sings the songs of her land as she Tocks to and fro. The Welsh-housewife sings while she works; the men sing to their horses, the lads sing to their oxen, and the milkmaids sing to the cows." Song forms an important part Of all bridal festivities, and there are " singing funerals" in Wales, on which occasions "hymns are sung from the home to the church, and from thence to the grave." "iVhat is called " perinillion" ringing is described as resenlbling buffo singing in Italian opera, but more varied in style, and the vocalist leads, while the harpist has to follow him. Every little town in Wales has its own Eisteddfod; and as many as 50,000 persons have been known to assemble at the great gatherings of these bodies in Christmas week. In primitive ages, the national Eisteddfod combined the functions of a parliament with the pleasures of a musical festival, and appears to have re sembled, in the former respect, the Swiss Referendum of our own days. Speaking of Welsh f>oetry, Miss Trevelyan states that its chief characteristic is " its wonderful alliteration, woven ' around beautiful similes and metaphors. It con- ] tains striking interrogations and fine apos ^phee,While vivid personification is blended j s^th-. grand exclamations and brilliant! that increase in dignity and lorce j &8\f*y fcdvance. It abounds with synonyms fj£nd ts^ripng autonyms, and through all the melody/is sustained.with unflagging force. <A$jMh4r great merit in Welsh poetry is die .jatudied, and I think I may safely say, the total absence of sensualism. There is nothing in it to offend the purest mind, and although ite imagery may be equalled, it remains unrivalled." And in order to show that she does not exaggerate its merits, Miss Trevelyan translates numerous passages from Taliesin, who lived in the sixth oenjtury; Llwyarch Hen, a warlike singer; Dafydd ab Gwilym,theCeltic Chaucer and Petj$rcli ;&nd; some of the later poets. One of Taliesin's mythological poems, expounding the Djruidi cal doctrine of the transmigration of souls, is almoBtas modern in expression JIB Mr. W* W. Story's " Cleopatra," which is based upon the same idea. Altogether, Miss Trevelyan has produced a -book which is full of information upon subjects that are'veiylittlc known to the gfntzal seader, and she presents it, in snoh a; way as to be no less entertaining than instructive., Her chapters on the hill people and the vale women, the parsons, squires, and country doctoif of the past, on the traditions and superstitions of Wales, on smugglers and wreckers, eccentric characters, folk-lore, aud ghost stories are especially interesting, introducing us, ns they do, to modes of civilisation that are rapidly passing away, and to usages, sentiments, and beliefs, that appear almost auachronisms on the eve of the 20th century. 