THE NEW TINE 'DISEASES BILL NE of the earliest measures introduced by the Government -after O the CbristmaB recess was the long-pro mised Vine Diseases' Act Amendment Bill. Its introduction may be a remarkably email instalment of .mercy, but smaU ae it is, let us be thankful for even -so much ! The long delay experienced in the matter has been, quite unpardonable, and the Minister for Mines and Agriculture went very near indeed to adding insult to injury, when he, in putting tho matter before the House feigned a degree of sorrow, at not having been able to pass the measure into law, prior to the lapsing of,tihe bastard Act, which has done duty-r-moBt inefficiently—for some years —in the colony. It is-simply complete bosh to talk like this. Tf 'Mr. SLATTERY, or if his predecessor, Mr. SYDNEY SMITH,, hadhad any real appreciation of his duty towards the vine industry, the bill could have been law long ago; the absolute necessity of such a course has been' urged again and again, only to be met with the meaningless statement "tbat the measure was being prepared." One would imagine that this work of preparation involved a truly herculean task: ic reality, it need not, nay, we are |bold to say, it did not oocupy a couple of weeks. When the details of the bill become known, it will be found tooonsist of many of the provisions, suggested iby the conference of fruitgrowers held in Sydney, nearly tbree years ago: only this and nothing more. : It will be found moreover, that it is proposed to ileal with this most : important question' in a thoroughly half-hearted manner only. Tine diseases are certainly not the only evils afflicting those engaged in the fruit industry. There is an equal need for legislation :in other directions.: as regards the codlin moth pest, for instance, which, if not speedily dealt with by legislative enactment, will do neither more nor less than exterminate apple cultivation. What was wanted,—what is wanted now, is a comprehensive Fruit Diseases and Pest Bill, and it is really incomprehensible, why the Department of Agriculture could not have long ago drafted such a measure. The Director of Agriciiltnre, *.he other day, extolled the many-sided virtueB of t>"> ataff under bis supervision: he ci;imed that the Department had, in the face nf the greatest difficulties, labored >.:- iduously to benefit the fruit industry and he lectured—deservedly so, we are constrained to admit—the .great body of those engaged in that , industry, upon their unpardonable apathy and lamei- jaire policy. Mr. ANDERSON'S strictures were sufficiently well-founded, but would it not be juBt .as well to look a little more severely at home—at any rate, so far as a. Fruit •Diseases Bill is concerned ? If the officers of the Department have done their duty in this regard, if they have drafted a comprehensive measure and have impressed upon the Minister the urgency of the matter, then that gentleman hus a good deal to answer for in adhering so tenaciously tohis do- nothing . policy. The Hon. " Ton" SLATTEEY knows probably as much (or as little) of agriculture as he doeB of mining : nay, there are people, presumptuous enough to assert that, however smart a lawyer he may be, be knows nothing at nil of either subject. But, if this is so, an udditional reason is furnished for his lie'.euing to the advice of hiB officers and acting promptly upon that advice. If it was not tendered, Mr. ANDERSON and bis officers have neglected their duty: if it was, then the Minister has been guilty of neglect. Of course, we <1o ni't presume to solve that question. As regards -the new Vine Diseases Act, an outline was given by Mr. FILATTKBY of its provisions, which justifies the hope that the new measure will be a considerable improvement upon the Act, which has lately died a natural death. Still, there are doubt- less many points, in which it can be, and should be improved. The machinery, for instance, by which it is proposed to arrive at the amount of compensation to be awarded in .case of the destruction of an orchard, appears to be of a complicated nature and not unlikely to fail in giving satisfaction any more than the late enactment did. Again, there seems to be some danger of the creation of a small army of officials under the new Act, unnecessary under any circumstances, and doubly unnecessary, if the officials selected do not know more about their business than those lately employed did. The action taken by Messrs. FFCRNPS, FABNBLL, GABBABD and led to the Minister consenting* to fix the seoond dreading of the bill for a date «uffioiently distent, to enaUe those more immediately interested in the matter to express an opinion on the subject, is. to be commended. Such tan opportunity .has now been afforded by the Minister, and it has become the duty of the parties concerned to study the provisions of the new 'bill carefully, to suggest recommendation* and improve-* ments, and, in short, to speak out plainly if they have anything to say. The suggestions made may sot all be acted upon: but there is reason to believe, that they will be treated with respect by, and will receive attention, at the hands of the powers tihat be, and •this is all that orchardists and vignerons have a right to expect. There is, however, need for immediate action, and that action, it appears to .us, should be taken by the only organization among growers in the country, liy the Fruitgrowers' Union of New South Wales. It is useless to truBt.to outside efforts: useless, for more than one reason, to convene public meetings to deal with the matter. On the other hand, a great deal of attention has been bestowed upon the subjeet under discussion, both by the TJnion .as a body, and by individual members thereof, and we have not the slightest doubt that valuable hints and suggestions would be forthcoming, were a systematic effort made to that end. Mr. ANDERSON spoke at the last Council meeting of the Union of the propriety of convening special meetings for the purpose of dealing with imnrtant subjects,: such a course should Ee followed now. It is just possible that the result may be as discouraging, as has been found to be the rule .on former similar occasions, but this possibility does not form a sufficient reason for omitting to follow a course which is clearly mapped out by duty. Moreover, every effort should be msde to guard against failure ; every legitimate influence should be brought to bear upon even the moBt careless among those concerned, to. arouse an interest in the matter. It would be false economy to begrudge the expenditure of a few shillings, or even of a few pounds in furtherance of the object in view : a thoroughly reliable expression of public opinion on the new bill. There iB no need to go into details as to the mode of bringing this about; the President and the Secretary of the Union have sufficient tact, energy and perseverance to enable them to take the needed steps, provided a certain amount of. carte blanehe is granted to them. Indeed, it should be taken, if there is not time to obtain the necessary authority. One suggestion only it may be desirable to make: all the members of Parliament who represent electorates, in which the industry is carried on, should be invited to attend any, meeting ^convened, not merely the members for -Central Cumberland. Anyhow, an opportunity is now offered to the Union to assert itself. Tbat body has attained a certain status, but in order to keep up that status, and if possible, to Improve its position to & potent factor in all that concerns fruitgrowing; a prompt and decided effort should be male. The neglect of others does not form an exciue for what would undoubtedly be neglect on the part of the Union's executive, were the matter permitted to rest unattended to. rilHE air is fnll of " Retrenchment" and of J rumours regarding the mode to be adopted to carry it oat. There is something thoroughly ludicrous in the attempts made by the metropolitan morning journals to arrive at some tiling like a correct solution of the prtsbleir, and in the solemn and confident manner in which our big brothers have let the public into the secret day after day since laBt week. Unfortunately, tbe matter is just about as profound a secret to tbe purveyors of all this ic formation, as it is to those who reoeive and greedily swallow it, notwithstanding tbe fact that one morning's bulletin generally contradicts the previous morning's "correct tip." Whatever the shortcomings of the present Ministers may be, they know how to keep their own ooun.el, and, in the case of Sir Grottos DIBBS especially, all attempts at pumping are no less futile than absnrd. He simply mocks at ingenious {or ingenuous) Press interviewers, who succeed in pushing into the sanctum, and chuckles at the rubbish they carry off and gravely publish as gospel truth. HE news will be known to all the world T eoon enough—(probably to-night); indeed, it will be known a good deal too soon by aome of our friends of the Barnacle family. Without desiring to follow the ridiculous example in tbe way of predicting set, we are tolerably safe.in asserting that the scheme of retrenchment to be proposed by tbe Ministry will be thorough and efficacious, and that it will aim, not so much at reducing salaries, as at reducing tbe staffs of the various department?. In other wordB, tbe course pursued will resemble that taken a year or two ago by the Railway Commissioners with generally beneficial results, although occasional instances of hardship may have followed in its train. EANWHILE, the smart mm of the M Ministry, the. honourable TOM of the Mines and Agriculture Department, has just made a huge mistake. Be has added another couple of " Inspectors" to his long list: "Tobacco Inspectors,".of all men, this lime. What these latest-created officials will have to do is not exactly known, but it is .quite certain that their appointment at this particuto juncture is a blunder. If the country has managed to get along without .a couple of tobacco inspectors for so many years, it would not have collapsed, had the fortunate appointees not been hurriedly thrust into office jtut now. It is not by any means impossible ibat the reign of the two new inspectors will be short. Let us hope that it will be merry. OT tbe " Heathen Chinee " this time, but N the Syrian hawker appears to be exercising the minds of the people of Dubbo. Owing to the objections raised by a nnmber of h'ti Beholders, tbe local Police Magistrate ha- adjourned tbe granting of a number of lioeneus to fc'yrians. Many applications for licenses, too, have been refused at the Bedfern and other police courts. Householders complain that these olive-skinned pedlars have become an intolerable nuisanoe, and that frequently when tbe n ale members of the houses are absent, the Syrians bully the women to such a degree tbat Iniy are forced to make purchases. It can hamly be denied that there are grounds for complaint, in connection with the frequent visits of vendors of all kinds of wares to houBes. and that the occupants are often unduly irritated thereby. Few householders in the city, suburbs or the country have not experienced the evil complained of in a more or ess aggravated form. However the nnfortLa Date Syrian is not solely responsible lor this. The aims of Confucius, the Bengalefe, tbe white-skinned hawkers, agents and collectors of varied descriptaonstako a hand In the round game. Scarce a domicile is free from their incursions; scarce an ap»rtm»ut "is held sacred, and their pertinacity is only equalled by tbe effrontery with which they almost force their entrance, and demand interviews at least. DO far as itbe Syrian and other coloured *J hawkers are .concerned, narvouB and; .ultra-sensitive women living in rather: isolated portions -«f the bush axe apt to be terrified, at times, by the rapid utterances and apparently passionate gestures of these sellers of wares, and there may have been instances where women have purchased articles they did not want, in order to rid themselves of the intruders. As a rule, however, the Australian housewife, in a scattered settlement, has a sufficient stock of that pluck and piesenoe of mind which characterised the early emigrants. It must be also home in mind that women have a natural love for shopping, and, deprived of that enjoyment by reason of their lonely position, the visits of pedlers and the displaying of their packs are not unpleasant episodes in the monotony of existence, Possibly there have been cases in which the good man on xstuming home from work has started a alightdomestic breeze, owing to the amonnt spent in purchases, and then the unfortunate hawker has been offered up as a sacrifice. Still there can be no question that the nuisanoe complained of is, in many places, beooming very aggravating, as are the visits of theagentsforbooks, pictures, patent;medidnes, &c.; If some means could be devised to annihilate these gentry, in common with the coloured children of the East, many a householder would heave a sigh of relief. OW ofcen are our kindliest intentions, oar H most considerate acta misunderstood! The following little veracious tale illustrates the truth of this reflection:—They were a newlymarried happy pair, and she was anxious to provide for her best beloved a pleatant surpiiee in the shape of a Christmas present: so she procured, out of her modest pocket money an elaborate eighteen-ribbed umbrella of the most costly material. Sbe placed it so tbat her spouse's eye should fall upon it, when donning biB Christmas garments, and in tbe morning she rose betimes and most - softly, and went about her household. duties: listening lor the exclamations of astonished deligY- she .expected to hear. .By and by the exclamations came; bnt there did not seem much delight abont them. Her liege lord was evidently on tbe rampage. He summoned the household in excited, stentorian tones, and announced that a burglar had visited his bed (dumber during the night, clear proof ol which event was afforded by tbe fuot of tbe intruder having left his umbrella behind. Then commenced an elaborate aearch in the house, with a view of ascertaining what valnables were missing, in the grounds for tracks of tbe supposed malefactor. Altogether, matters were in a pretty state of cwnfusion on that Chrutmas morn, and it was not antil Benedict's excitement had nearly worn ont, that he listened to his dear one's explanation. Tben he whistled and looked — well, things unutterable. HE municipal year is drawing very near T its close, and, nnoharitable as the sentiment may appear, tho sooner it gives up he ghost tbe better. It has been a year of the most complete inaction, so far as the question of questions, relating to Parramatta, the matter of sanitation, is concerned, at all events. There can be but one feeling •n regard to this matter: a fieiing of bitter disappointment, all the more aggravated, when it is remembered who, twelve months ago, promised that the year should not close without some definite action being taken in the direction referred to. No doubt, difficulties have intervened, but the time waB, when difficulties would not have stopped tbe course ;—when, they would bave served as an incentive to Mayor BTRKES to go ahead. ra HE municipal'year is in its last throes, and JL not one-word has been heard from the Council's cionitary Committee in regard to tbe all-important matter, which has engaged—or is supposed to have engaged—its attention for tbe last Jhree or four months. Which of these two contingencies is likely to have incurred, may be judged by tbe fact, that even as late as last Saturday utter negleot was shown by all tbe members of the committee, save Alderman DIXON. A visit to .the SydpeyMeat Preserving Works had been arranged to enable the members of the committee to see the working of the desicoating machinery there, but only Alderman DIXON turned np —The committee, will lapse in a couple of weeks: will its work (such of it, as may bave been accomplished) lapse also f Whoever may be the successors of the present meu on the committee will, it is to be doped, show a little more zeal and energy. 