THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLTl'HANT. CHAPTER LL— (Continued.) , It was not until her almost convulsive sobbing was over that this question could be re-opened, and in the meantime Betty having heard the sound of' the closing door caino' rushing down stairs and burst int o the room ; perhaps she was not so much disturbed or excited as Mrs. Leigh was by Bee's con dition ; she gave her sister a kiss us she lay - on the sofa where Mrs. Leigh had placed Jicr, and patted her on the shoulder. "She \vill bo bettor when she has had it out" said Betty. " She bus worked herself up into such a state about Alias Lancc. And, oh I please tell me what has happened. You are her enemy, too. Mrs. Leigh — oil! how can you misjudge her so, as if she had been the cause of any harm ? I was sent away," said Betty, i( and, of course, Bee would not speak; but I could have told you. Yes, of course, I knew ! How could I help knowine, being iicr sister? I can't tell whether she told me — I knew without telling — and, of course, she must have told mc. This is how it was " Bee pub forth her hand and caught her sister by her dress, but Betty was not so easily stopped. She turned round quickly and took tho detaining haml into her own and patted and caressed it. "It is far bettor to speak out," she said. "It must be told now, and, though I am young and you call mc little Betty, I cannot help hearing, can I? what 'people say. Airs. Leigh, this was how it was: Whatever happened about deal- Miss Lance, whom I shall stick to and believe in, what ever you say," cried Betty, by way of an interlude, with flashing' eyes, "that had nothing, nothing to do witli it. That was a story like Charlie's, I suppose, and Bee no more made a fuss about it than I should do. It was after, when Bee was standing by Aubrey, like — like Joan of Arc; yes, of course 1 shall call him Aubrey — I should like to have him for a brother ; but that has gob nothing to do with it. A lady came to call upon mamma, and she told a story about someone on the railway who had met Aubrey, on the way home 'after that scene at Cologne, after he waa engaged to Bee, and miserable because of papa's opposition." Betty spoke so fast that her words tumbled over each other, so to speak, in tho rush for utterance. " Wfcll, he was seen," she resumed, pausing for breath, " putting a young woman with children into one of the sleeping carriages — a poor young woman that had no money or right to bp there. He put her in, and when they got to London lie was sden talking t o her, and giving her money as if she be longed to him. I don't sec any harm in that, for he was always kind to poor people. But these hulics did — and I suppose, so did mamma— and Bee blazed up. That is just like her. She takes lire — she never waits to ask questions — she stops her ears. Sho thought it was something dreadful, showing that he had never cared for lior — that he had eared for oilier people, even when he was pretending — I should have done quite dif ferent. I should have said, 'Now, look here, Aubrey, what does it mean?'' — or, rather, I should never have .thought any thing but that lie was kind. He was always kind — silly, indeed, about poor poople, as so many arc. Mrs. Leigh had followed Betty's rapid narrative with as much attention as she could conccntratatc upon it ; but the speed with which tho words flew forth, the little interruptions, the expressions of Betty's matured and wise opinions, bewildered her beyond measure. " What does it all mean ?" she asked, look ing from one to another when tho story was done. " A sleeping carriage on the railway — a woman with children — as if sho belonged to him? IIow could a woman with children belong to him ?" Then she paused and grew crimson with an old woman s painful blush. " Is it vice, horrible vulgar vice, this child is attributing to my boy?" The two girls stared, confused and troubled. Bee got up from the sofa, and put her hands to her head, her eyes iixed upon Afrs. Leigh with an appalled and horrified look. She had not asked herself of what Aubrey had been accused. She bad fled from him before the dreadful thought of relation ships sho did not understand, of something which was the last insult to her, whatever it might be in itself. Vulgar vice! The girls were cowed as if some guilt had been im puted to themselves. " You are not like anything I have known, you girls of the period ! " cried the angry mother. " You arc acquainted with such tilings as I at my age had never heard of — vou make accusations ! But «ow-i — Ho shall answer for himself," she said, flaming with righteous wrath. Mrs. Leigh \ went to the bell and rang it so violently that the sound echoed all over the house. " Go and ask your master to come hero at once — directly ; I want Mm this moment," she said, stamping hor foot in her impatience. And then there was a pauso. The man went oil', and was seen from the window to cross the street on his errand. Then Bee rose, her tears hastily dried up, pushing back from her forehead her disordered hair. "I had better go. If you have sent for Air. Leigh it will bo better that I should g-" Airs. Leigh was almost incapable of speech. Sho took Bee by the shoulders and put her back almost violently on the sofa. "You shall stay there," sho said in a choked and angry voice. VVnnt a horriblo pause it was ! The girls were silent, looking at each other with wild alarm. Betty, who had blurted out the story, bub to whom tho idea of repeating It before Aubrey — before a man !— was un speakable horror, made a step towards the door. Then she said " No, I will not run away," with tremendous courage. "It is not our fault," she added, after a pause. " Boo, if I have got to say it again, give me your hand." "It is I who ought to say it," said Bee, palCfWith the horror of what was to coinc. Vulgar vice I And sho to accuse iiiin and to stand up before the world and say that was why ! It seemed a long time, bub it was really only a few minutes, before Aubrey appeared. Ho came in quickly, breatjhloss with liaste aiul suspense. He expected, from what his mother had told him. to find Alisa Lance and Colonel Kingsward there. lie came into the agitated room and found, of all people in tho world. Bee and Betty, terrified — and his mother walking about the room, sounding, asxitwcro, a metaphorical lush about their cars, in tlio frank passion of san elder woman who has the most just cause of ofl'eneo, and no reason to bate her breath. 'There "was something humorous in the tragic situation ; but to them it was wholly tragic, and Aubrey seeing, for the first time after so long a:i interval, the girl lie loved, and seeing her in such strange circumstances, was by no means disposed to see any humorous side. "Here, Aubrey!" said his mother. "I have called upon you to hear what you are accused of. You thought it was Laura Lance, but she has nothing to do with it. You arc accused of travelling from Germany, — that time when you were sent off frotjK Cologne— tlio time those Kingswurds turned upon you! " (The girls starLcd both, and recovered themselves a little at the shock of this contemptuous description) " travelling in sleeping carriages and I know not what with a woman and children — who wore be lieved to belong to you ! What have you to say ?" "That was not what I said, Airs. Leigh. " What Imvo you to say V" cried Mrs. Leigh, waving her hand to silence Betty, " tho accused has surely the right to si>euk first." "What have I to say? But lo what, mother? What is it? Was I travelling with a woman anil children 7 I suppose I was travelling — with all tho women and children that were in the same train. But otherwise, of courso, you know I was witli nobody. What does it mean ?" Boo got up from tlio sofa like a ghost, hor blue eyes wild, her face pale. "Oh let us go, let uu go! Do nob torment us," she said. "1 will acknowledge that it was not true. Now that I see him I am sure that it was not truo. I was mad. I was so stung to think . Airs. Leigh do not kill rno ! I did ium no Jiann : do not. do not go over it anv more j " Go over what?" cried Aubrey. "Bcc! she can t stand, she doesn't see where sho is going. Alother, what on earth does it matter what was against mc, if it is all over? Alother, how dare you torture my poor girl— r This was naturally all the thanks Airs. Leigh got i or her eilorts to unravel the mystorv. winch the reader knows was the moat innocent mystery, and which has never been cleared up or thought of since that day. It came clear of ltsclt the moment that Aubrey, only to support her, took Bee into his arms. CHARTER LIT. The Sorceress walked very slowly down the street. .She had the sensation of having fallen from a great height, after tiie excitement of having toiighb bravely to keep her place there : and of having anticipated every step of a combat still more severe which yet had not; come to pass after her previsions. It had been a light lasting for hours, from the moment hcllya!l, unconscious, had told her of the house in which Charlie was. That was in the morn ing, and now it was lain afternoon, and the work of the day, tho common work of the day in which all tho innocent common people about had been employed, was round ing towards its end. It seemed to her a long, long time that she had been involved first in imagination, ni severe thought, aud then in actual conflict — in this struggle, fighting for her life, .(from the beginning sho had made up her mind that sho should fail. J.t was a consoioiislv losing game that she had fought so gallantly, never giving in; and indeed she was not unaware, nor was sho without a languid satisfaction ur the fact, that she had indeed carried oil' the honors of tho field, that it would nob be said that she had been beaten. but what did that matter? Argument she knew and felt hud nothing to do witii such affairs. Sho bad known herself lo have lost from the moment sho saw Colonel Kingsward standing there against the mantelpiece iu the dtningroom. It had not been possible for hor then Lo give in : to turn and iro lorth into tho street Hinging down her arms. On the contrary, it was her nature to light to the last : aud she had carried off an apparent victory. She had marched oil' with colors Hying from tho field of battle, leaving every enemy con founded. But she herself enterLained no illusion in the matter. It was possible no doubt that her spell might yet be strong cnoiiirli upon her middle-aged captive to make him ignore and pass over everything that told against hor — but after considering the situation with a keen and close survey of every likelihood, she dismissed that hone. No, her chance was lost — again; the battle was over— again. It had been so near being successful that the shock was greater perhaps than usual ; but she had now been feeling the shock for hours; so that her actual fall was as much u relict as a pane, and her mind full resource, obstinately sanguine, was . becoming ready to pass on to the next chance, and had already sprung up to think — What now ? I am sorry that in this story I have always been placed in natural opposition Lo this woman, who was certainly a creature full of interest, full of resource, and indomitable in her way. And she had a theory ol existence, as it is my opinion wo all must have, making out to ourselves the most . plausible reasons and excuses for' ull.w&do.; Her struggle, in winch she would not have denied that she had sometimes been unscrupulous, had always been for a stand ing-ground on winch, jf once attained, she could have been good. She had ahvavs pro mised herself that alio would be good when once she had attained — oh. excellent! kind, just, true !— a model woman. And .what, after all, had been her methods ? Thero had been little harm in llieni. Here and there somebody had been injured, :is in the ease of Aubrey Leigh, of Charlie Kingsward. To the first she had indeed done considerable harm, but then she had soothed (lie hie of Amy, his little foolish wife, to whom she had been more kind than she had helm unkind to Mm. vShe had not wanted lo be tho third person between that tiresome couple. She had stayed iu Ms house from a kind of sense ol duty : and had Aubrey Lotah indeed asked her to become bis second wife she would, of course, have accepted Mm for the sake of tho position, but with a LM iinace. She was not particularly sorry for having harmed him. It served him right for — well, for being Aubrey Leigh. And as ior Lee Kingsward, she had triumphantly proved, much to her own surprise, it must be said, that it washot .she who had done Bee any harm. Lhen Charlie — poor Charlie, poor boy ! be thought, of course, that he was very miserable and badly used. Great heavens ! that a boy could have the folly to umiLMite that any thing could make him miserable at 22, a man, and with all the world before Mm. Aliss Lance at (his moment was not m the least sorry for Charlie. It would do Mm good. A young fellow who hud nothing in the world to complain ol. who had everything in his favor — it was good for Mm to bo unhappy a little, to be made to remember that ho was only ilesh ami blood after all. Thus she came to tho conclusion as she walked along that really she had (lono no harm to other people lo herself, alas: she was always doing harm, and every failure made it more and more unlikely that sho would ever succeed. >Sho did not brood over hor losses when she wan thus defeated. She' turned to the next thing that ollered with what would have beau in a bettor cause a .splendid philosophy: bub yet in moments like this she felt that it became every day more improbable that she would ever suc ceed. Instead of the large and liberal sphero in which sho always hoped to be able to ful fil all tho duties of life in an imposing and . rcinarkablo way, she would have probably to drop into — what? a gover ness's place for which she would already bo thought too old — some dreadful position about a school — some miserable place as housekeeper— alio, with all her schemes, her holies of better things, her power over others. This prospect was always before her, and came back to her mind by momenta when sho was at tiie lowest obb ; for she had no money at all. Sho had always been de pendent upon somebody. Even now her little campaign in George-street, Hanover- square, was at tho exnensu of the friend with whom she had lived in Oxford, and who believed Laura was concerting measures to establish herself permanently in some re munerative occupation. Those accounts would have to lie settled somehow, and some other expedient found by winch to try again. Well ! one tiling done with, another to como on — was not that tho course of lifo? — and there was a certain relief in tlio thought "that it was done witli. Tlio suspense ' was over ; there was no longer tiie conflict between hope and fear, which wears out the nerves and clouds the clearness of one's mental vision. One down, another come on ! Sho said this to herself with a forlorn laugh in the depths of her being; yet not so very for lorn. This woman had a kind of nloasuro in tiie new start, even when she did nob know what it was to be. There arc a great many tilings in which i avow 1 have the greatest sympathy witli her, and find her more in teresting than a great many blameless people. Boctic justice is generally in hooks awarded 'to such persons. But thai is, one is aware, not always the case in life. While Aliss Lancc went on quietly along the long, unlovely street, with those thoughts iu her mind, walking more slowly than usual, a little languid .and exhausted after hor struggle, but, as has been said frankly and without urrieic petite, giving up the battle as lost, and accepting hor de feat — sho became suddenly aware of a quick, firm footstep behind, .sounding fast and con tinuous unon the pavement. A woman like this lias, all her wits very sharply about her, the ears and sight of a savage, and an un- slumhering habit of observation, or she could never carry on her career. Sho heard the step and instinctively noted it before her mind awoke to any sense of meaning and im portance in it. Then, all at once, as it came just to that distance behind which made it ap parent that this footstep was following — some one who went before— it suddenly slackened without stopping, beeumb slow when it had been fast. At this her thoughts flow away like a mist, uud olio became all cars; but she was too wise to turn round, to display any interest. Perhaps it might be that lie was only going Ms own way, not in tending to follow, uniT that lie had slackened his pace unconsciously without ulterior motives when he saw her in front of him — though this Aliss Lancc scarcely believed. Perhaps. 1 will not ailirm it, she threw a little more of her real languor and weari ness into her attitude and movements when she made this exciting discovery. She was in reality very, tireu. She had looked so when she left the house ; porhaps she had forgotten her great fatigue a little in tlio course of her walk, but it now came back again with double force, which 13 not un usual in tho most matter of fact circum stances. As her pace grew slower tho footstep behind became slower also, but always followed on. Aliss Lanco proceeded steadily, choosing the quietest streets, pausing now and then at a shop window to rest. Tlio climax came when sho reached a window which had a rail round it, upon which sho leaned heavily, every lino of her dress expressing with a faculty which her garments specially possessed, an exhaustion which could scarcely go further. Then she raised her head to look what the place was. It was full of embroideries and needlework, a woman s shop, where she was sure of sympathy. Sho went in blindly us if her very sight wero clouded with her fatigue. " I am vory tired," she said, " I want some silk for embroidery; but that is not my chief object. M ay 1 sit down a little. I am so very tired." "Certainly, ma'am, certainly," cried tho mist ress of tlio shop, rushing round from be hind the counter to place a chair for her, to oiler a glass of water. Who sat down sous to he visible from tho door, but still with her back to it. J.he step had slopped, and there was a shadow across tlio window — the tall .shadow of a man looking in. A smile came upon Miss Lance s face — of gratitude and thanks to the kind people — also perhaps of some internal satisfaction. But shn did not act as if she were conscious of anyone waiting for her. She took tlio glass of water witli many acknowledgments : sho leant back on the chair, ' murmuring " J hanks, thanks. ' to the exhortations of the shop- voinaii not to hurry, to take "a good rest, bhedidnot hurry at all. JMnally sho was so much better as to be able to buy her silks, and declaring herself quite restored to go out again into tlio open air. She was met by the shadow that had been visible through the window, and which, as she knew very well, was Colonel Kingsward, still and embarrassed, yet with great anxiety in Ms face. " I feared you were ill," he said, with a little jerk, the words coming in spite of him. " I feared you were fainting. ' " Oh, Colonel Kingsward, you ! " " Yes — I feared you were fainting — It is— nothing. 1 hope I " Nothing but exhaustion," she said, with a faint smile. " .L was very tired, but I .have rested, and I am a little better now. " Will you let me call a cab for you? you don't seem lit to walk ?" v Oli, no cab. thanks ! I would much rather walk — the air and the alow movement docs one a little good." She was pale, and her voice was rather faint, and every line of her dress, as I have said, was tired — tired to death — and yet not ungracefully tired. ' I cannot let vou go like this alone." Iiis voice softened every moment; they went on for a stop or two together. " You hud belter — take my arm, nt least. ' he said. She took it with a little cry and sudden clasp. " I think you arc not a mere man, but an archangel of kindness and goodness, she said, witli a faint laugh that broke down, and tears in her eyes. And I think that for that moment in the extraordinary revulsion of feeling Aliss Lancc almost believed what she said. CHAPTER LTII. What more is there to say? It is better when one is able to deal poetic justice all round lo reward the good and piuush the evil. Who arc the good, and who are the evil? We have not to do with murderers, with breakers of the law. with enemies of God or man. If Aubrey Leigh bad not been exceed ingly imprudent, if Bee had not been hot headed and passionate, there would never have been that miserable broach between them. Aud the .Sorceress who destroyed for a time the peace of tho kim/sward family really never at any time meant that family any real harm. She meant them, indeed, to her own consciousness, all the good in tho world, and lo promote their welfare in every way by making them her own. And, as a matter of fact, she did so, devoting herself to their welfare. She made Colonel Kings- ward an excellent wife, and adopted Ms children into her sedulous aud unremitting care with a zeal whicii a mother could not have surpassed. Her translation from scheming poverty to abundance, and that graceful, modest, wealth which is almost the most beautiful of the conditions of life, was made in a way which was qnito exquisito as a work of art. Nobody could ever have sus pected that she had been once poor, bhe had all the habits of tlio best society. There was nowhere they could go, even into the most exalted regions, where the now Airs. Kingsward was not distinguished. Sho extended tlio Colonel's connections and interest, and mado his house popular aud delightful ; and sho was perfect for his children. Even the county people and near neighbors, who were the most critical, acknowledged this. The little girls soon learned to adore their stepmother ; tho big bovs admired and stood in awe of her. sub mitting more or less to her influence, though a little suspicious and .sometimes half hostile. As for babv who had been in a fair way ot growing up detestable and a little family tyrant, his father's new marriage was the saving of him. He scarcely knew us iiu grew up that the former Miss Lanco was not his mother, and ho was said in tho family to he her idol, hut a very well disciplined and well behaved idol, and the one ol the boys who was likely to have the finest career. Charlie, poor Charlie, 'was not ho fortunate, at least at first. J lie appointment which Colonel. Kingsward declared he hud been looking out for all along, was got us soon as Charlie was ablo to accept it. and he left England when lie was little more than con-, valcsccnt. People said it. was strange that a' man witli considerable influence and in the very centre of ailairs should have sent his eldest son away to the ends of the earth, to a dangerous climate uud a dilheult post. But it turned out very well on tlio whole, for after a few years of languor and disgust with the world (hero suddenly fell in Charlies way an opportunity of showing that there was, after all, a great ileal of English pluck and courage in him. I do not think it came to any tlung more than that — but then that, at certain moments, has been the foundation and the saving of the British Empire in various regions of the world. I here was not one of his relations who cele brated Charlie's success with so much fervor us his step-mother, who was never tsred of talking or it, nor of declaring that she had always expected as much, and known what was in Mm. Hear Charlie, sho said, had fulfilled all her expectations, and made her more glad and proud tlio.ii words could say. It was a poor return for this maternal de votion, yet a melancholy fact, that Charlie turned away iu disgust whenever he heard of her, and could not endure her name. lice, whose little troubles have been so much the subject of this story, accomplished hor fate by becoming Airs. Aubrey Leigh in the natural course of events. There was no family quarrel kept up to scandalise and nmuso society, bub there never was much intercourse nor any great cordiality between tho houses of Kingswarden- and Forest Leigh. I think, however, that it was against her father that Bee's heart revolted most. The End. 