"TAEUI UO TBUST." v BY MARY ANGELA DICKENS AND t MARGARET MOULE. i a SYNOPSTS OF PIlEVIOU'S CKAPTES. Valaitine Clinton, a beautiful Enlish girl, atthe ags of twenty-one. finds bherself the mistress of a me estatc in ertfordslire, fwhen the opening t asenesu are laid. 'Tbhe property esb?? n leftto herby :an aunt, the sister of her mother, who bad adopted 3her after the death of Valentine's father. Her mother married again, her becend husband bring one .]arkD krisme t.butshe died ayer after the weddiug, "an for seventeny?rearsValentif? had heard nothing of stefather. As the ownr of vlu ble eetat Vaentinth ad continued to etuploy her aunt's former agent, Kenneth (auntl a young man of notones but ilery eharater, honest but impasioned. Tnuegh -affectionate ?.d self-dereted in disposition, as is shown i her kind treatment of her companion., Mrs Caryl. Valentine is sene, ti e proud and rlf- willed. She frequently comes into antaogni-m with her agent, who has a certain seornful toleres-e for a *?gil mistress." Desoite their oeeasional alterea tions and wrathfull tltferenrs, they are gradu ally learning to respeet and like one another, when Valentine'so stepfather, Mark Dorrisaint, asud denly appears on hhe scene. e is i aompanied by arich young Australian, eoffmrey ary, of whom he ]has been appointed seot guardian untd he attains his wenty- flrsat year, now rapidly approaching. Ken nett raunt, without realsing it, grown intensely iealous of the new arrivals, and he openly shows "lhtino that he distrusts and dislikes them. At mparty iven in their honor hy alentine, who has oeamed a strong attachment fe; both Dorrieant and his word, he angrily isdts 'CGeoffrey by quca ioningl hi veracity. Vatenfine, to her own ntnease torture, promptly dismisses Kenneth Iroe bar house, and next. maadinr ditrharges him oM her tsrvie an agent. N?at day. in a painful oam?r in which both Valentine and Kenneth lose temper.?ennoth admisl Without regret that he ab e esintre;" ffe?ey CIsey. and hae furiously do -anres. "I know nothing of ICr Cary- I've seem asothing of him that I lkie. The only taingIde now about him is that I?ash he'd been shot before lse came here, and he'd better look out for himself -eat time I come aeroain !" Ie leaves the hoso 'im a rage. Next morning Geoffrey Cary starts out one a shing excursion alone. The day pusses with out hin return, whiob in awaited by Valentine. Mark Dorrisant, who bas been out for a stroll, jeas her, and they converse about the absent oue. A thunderstorm comes on and sMark Dorissnt shows 'increasing anxiety arbout teoffrey. Sdd?anly men appear bearing the uonoalons body of the young man, who has been found aeot, with a gin bearing senneth Gaunt'e name lying beside him. While eOo?lrey is lying between life and death, ea local Justies of the Peace areives, ant quetions Valentine Clinton about the quarrel be tween Kenneth and Geoffrey. Greatlysgitated. she is about to slate that Kenneth bad spoken to her in threatening language about Geofreoywhen Kenneth burets into the room. le declares 'hat he knows nothing about the " accident," but that ho had left i?a gun against a tree while he was "cut walking, and ead forgotten it. But the magistrate is sceptical. CHAPTER IX.- (Coryc mxn.) Thenre was a slight movement from Mark forrisant, but he did not speak. There was a moment's pause, and then a r Kenyon saold loftily : "Very unfortunate, Mr K Caunt" The light died out of Vallntine's face, and Kenneth Gaunt's lace grow rather pale and stern. "Am I to understand," he said, addressing itintelf directly to Mr Kenyon with a proud, peremptory ring in his voice, "that I am nein seoriously aeccsad ce this thing 1" "You are to.nndorstmil, Mr. Gaunt," said r ioKenyon pomipunly, "othat your tinsup ported word-happy as I should be in a pri vate apoealty to a.?cept it-does not refuto the ciroumetantial evidence afforded by the acknowledotld atrory of your- gun in this matter. You are known to have quarrolled with M or Cary evidence will be forthcoming S+ to thow thrat you, ore uttered threats gerinst him '-" "Threats!" iutetposed Kenneth hotly. " Threats l"" : He stopped'abrnptly edjo looked, almost for t'he first time, directly at Valentine. She did mot look at him, as she said in a low, almost Unnaturally steady voice: "If by ' evidence' Mr Kenyoat means any thing I may have said, it is only jnst that every one bthouid understand that I myself entirely disbhelieve that Mr Gaunt bas had any hand whatever in the matter." "Thank you," said Kenneth in a low tone. There was e moment's pGau:e, and the atmosphere seemed e to be overoharged with some kind of ten'e emotion. Thoun ,M.ark Dorrisaut broke the spall. Laying his hand S gently on his etepdaughter'e lhoulder, he turned to Mr Kinyon, andesaid in a low voice, as though urgine him to eand a peainful acene: ".What do you propose to dot " "I propose to issue a warrant against BMr eaunt on suspicion," was the prompt reply. "H' e will see, I am sure, that no other course Is open to me." Then, as Kenneth. white to the lips, his fare verycaet and proud, bent his' head in acnuiescnce. the old gentleman turned to Valentine. " My deasr young lady," he said kindly, " we won't detain you tnyrlonger. Give me nermission to w'ive your man an order, and then let Mr Dorrieant take you upstairs." Valentine did not wait for her stepfather's ascort. Before either Mark Dorrisant or Mr Kenyon had realised her movement, she had urossed the room to the door. It was opened for her by Kenneth, and she passed out, white as death, without another word. Half an hour later Kenneth hsant was in the hands of the local police, arrested on sus picion. CHAPTER X.--'n?: CiAnnao Demlsexn. Six weeks went by, and Geoffrey -Cary lay between life and death, and the oharge against Kenneth Gaunt remained in abey anne. Tne cate was brought before the magistrates on the day following his arrest, and was by them remanded "pending the production of further evidence." It was ob cious that while young Cary lived nothing could be done until he might recover con soiousnees. Bail was offered for Kienneth and was finally accepted; and he was free-to go about his burineos as he best might, a man m;nder a heavy cloud, shunned and esuspected onevery hand. For the public m-bid of Templeoombe fastened on him as the criminal from the very first, and allowed no possibility of doubt. There was, it.deed, a minority who had revecal oogent objections to offer. In the first place, these dissenters asserted that the -avidenee forthcoming against '.Kenneth Gaunt was purely cirnnmstantial. and as eoah to be treated with difidencee. eeoondly, that Kenneth Gaunt had proved ,himself during his life at Templecombe to be a man of truth and honor, and that his word, therefore, deserved eredenee. This opinion gained strength from the factthathis word wasfully borne out in one partionlar, inns. much as his dog was limping about the Willage, lamed by the teeth of a trap. They iurther otaintained that no man in his senses, laving attempted murder, would leavelhis ganeon the spot as evidence against himself. To this minortty one comprehensive question waspropounded : If Mr Gaunt was not the ?rminanl, who wan --a question to answer which wasapparently very facroseek. And as the days went on and public mntereet itthe matter was contiinally freshened by the weekly remanding of the case before -the magistrate, and the atmosphere of suspense ths. createsd?very discussion on the subjeot 4ended moereand more surely with a reference to that hoped-for recovery of nonsoiousoess by Geoffrey Gary which was beooming the-very goal of public anticipation. The weary days drirged ° themselves -slowly away as Mark Dorrisant and Valen. 'tine stood helplessly by, while Geoftry's' ieer ran its course, and neither Kenneth Gaunt nor the dayss when those alternations of dellrium and stupor should r'as" into coneciousnees" was ever mentioned between 'them That the stern patience and reserve with which Mark Dorrisant waited were theeresult of rigid self-control, no one who spoke to bi ? in those days could doubt. That he .believed in Kenneth Gaunt's guilt was equally certain, though no word to that effect ever crossed his lips. His very silence and self-re. preession on the subject gave to his conviction a weight which no words could have pro duced. And on Valentine each day as it passed seemed to leave an absolutely perceptible trace ; they seemed to be literally wearing her away, she grew so white and so slight. In nuanner she was always composed and quiet, but there was that about her that suggested the presence of a continual strain-not merely the strain of the hourly anxiety about Geoffrey -but of something beyond, of which she did not speak. To her stopfathor's tenderness she responded with an affection which seemed to grew with every hour of their common anxiety. They lived, as it were, a mutual life, in which the forthcoming report from. the sick-room was the goal of their thoughts. If each lived another and a separate life in which the goal lay further off, neither ever spoke of it. And at last that far-off goal was reached. Geodffey Cary struggled back from the gates of death, and recovered consciousness. Perhaps a blanker feeling of disappoint. went was never experienced than that which obtained at Templeeome when it was whispered about that young Mr Cary was en tirely unable to throw any light on the affair of which he was the hero. Bis evidence began and ended in thestatement that he had been walking quickly through the park at about nine o'clock in the evening, when he had heard a shot, had felt a stinging, numb. ing sensation in his side, and had lost "Firt published In connection with " All te esr lRound." consoiousness. He had seen absolutely moth. I t was three days since Geoffrey had made I this disappointing deolsratipn, a hot morn ing in the first week of August. It was abouteleven o'clock and Msark Dorrisant was alone with his ward; he was standing by his bed, and the two had evidently been I talking. The face at which Dorrisant was looking I was like the ghost of the Geoffrey of seven 1 weeks before. There was not a trace of color in it, all the boyish oulinee were sharpened and emaoiated,aand the curly, luxuriant hair was cropped close. Only his eyes were the same, honest and smiling. They were rather too bright now-the con. versation seemed to have excited him a little -as he looked us at Mark Dorrisant, and said, in a weak voice : "All right, then, Pater ; what you do is sure to be right. And somehow I shouldn't have thought that that fellow was the sort to do a thing like this." He paused a moment and then added, reflectively : " It was rathera blackguardly thing, wasn't it P I wonder awfully who it really was !" Mark Dorrisant did not answer instantly. He put out one of his hands and laid it on the boy's head. ' I wonder !" he said. There was a shadowy little smile about his lips as he spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exclaimed: " You're awfully sure it was Gant, 'Pater." This time Mark Dorrisant did not answer him at all. His face set itelf sternly. , " You're tired, my boy," be said ; " rest now and think no, more about it." He paused, and touched the boy's forehead. again affectionately as he added : " Imast ro.': On this August morning, after nearly t two months of postponement and delay, the charge against Kenneth Gauntwas to come g before the magistrates for what was tacitly e understood to be a final hearing, and the excitement through the neighborhood was at fever pitch. As mark Dorrisant came down stairs now from Geoffrey's room, the carriage e was already waiting for him and for Valen. 'h tine, summoned once more to give evidence r, as to the threatening words used to her by. It Kenneth Gaunt agaamst Geoffrey Cary. "Go to your mistress," said Dorrisant to a servant, " and ask her, if she is ready, if she will come down to me in the drawingroom." k A few moments later Valentine came down i the stairs with her hat on, and went into the d drawingroom. She was very pale and quiet, and there was an added touch of hanghtiness about her, as though she were nerved to meet a some sort of ordeal. She smiled at Dorrisant, A and as he held out his hand she put hers into it, and waited for him to speak. " Valentine," he said gravely, "I want to , tell you something before we start. I M think you will be glad to hear it. I saw Mr Kenyon yesterday, as you know, and we id came to a decision which I have 'jest been talking over with Geoffrey. The -charge i. against 15 r Gaunt will be dismissed to-day a on the plea of insufficient evidence." eo Valentine started 'lightly, and 'drew her is hand away, as if involuntarily. d "Diemissed?" she said quickly. in a low voice.. "Dismnissed! Then will 'he be t cleared?" She was looking down at thse nandle of the sunshade she held, and therefor- she did not see !gark Dorrisant's look at her. But shbe r noticed the:t there was 'a pause. and before he spoke he leid one 'hand onhers,- as a sort at of prelude. "All Ineed say," he-began gently, "is, that though the evidence against i r Gaunt at is heavy, it would 'be almost impossible to prove the case in a-court of law, and under the circumstances-as, thank :~eaven, it is not a case 'of murder-I have told Mr Ken. you that ve should greatly prefer not to .prosecute." a" Then'the only way to clear him would h be to find the real crimintal?" "k "To find the real crinminal, yes'!" assented d Mark Dorrisant drily. e Valentine's color rose. " Pater !" she said impulsively, " you i1 mean most kindly, I know, but justice is 'better thanakindness. 'Don't let this charge be withdrawn. They saytthat 'my evidence Er weighs heavily against 'Mr' Gaunt, and I know that that evidence means absolutely 3 nothing'! If the case is properly tried the to truth must come out, and 'Mr' Gaunt will be is cleared. Don't let injusticebe done !" d She was-facing him bravely, with unsbrink e ing eyes looking straight into his face. It r. was for justice, she was esying to herself. Mark Dorrisant looked at her 'keenly for a momýnt, and then a shade of pain settled ·upoe his face. "s Queen Val,"'he said gently,' " I am sorry that there should be one subject on which we d think differently. 'It is time to start." By the evening it was known all over t Templecombe the charge against Kenneth 'Gaunt'had been dismissed by the magistrate. n The stain against his name was in no wise eradicated:; the mystery was in no wise cleared-up. As far as Templecombe and the countryside went, Kenneth Gaunt was a dis graced-man. 9 CHAPTER XI.-TniE Iuo( m @rcg. S"Y'onu'recoming to live in London, too, r Val? Oh, how jolly'! Don't make it miles away from Pater and me, will you ?" "You are a silly boy,' Geoff ." S "I don't see that ! .Tell me why, or I'll throw off all these runs you've punt on me." g "And prove it conclusively.' Valentine b laughed. She was sitting on the end of a sofa in her morning-room, on which sofa Geoffrey Cary was lying. 'The room was d verybrght and sunny; about all the inani. mate things there was a-sortof reflex festival air, which curions'y enough seemed to emanate, in the first place, from the thin, white-fased figure on the sofa. This was the first day on which Geoffrey Gary had been able to leave his room. L Mrs Carryl was established in a large h wicker chair near the window, on Geoffrey's right- hand side. She seemed always to gravitate towards large chairs, as if impelled by a sense of the shelter they might possibly afford to her, mentally and physically, by Ssreening-her from the world. In her hands was a new strip of the lace she was always working.; she looked like a little automaton which.had never altered its action since the long-ago day when'Valentine had firstspoken to her of Mr Dorrisant. New people, a new atmosphere, startling and terrible incidents, all seemed to come and go cround that placid, weak little soul, withont approach ing it. On Valentine's lap lay a book, from which she had been reading aloud until the clock Sstruck twelve, when she had laid it down, and declared that Geoffrey was to be left alone, and to proceed instantly to take an hour's sleep-before luncheon. But before she could-rise to put the firstpart of this mandato e into. effect, Geoffrey had assailed her with half-a dozen questions, to which he required instant answers. . Of these she had supplied several ; and she I rose now quickly, and stood over him in a menacing attitude, thoigh a smile trembled I round her lip. . "You're very silly," she said,' "from. every point-of view. ' She bent down and4.1 tucked the rugs round hindtwith a gentle c force. " WhatI meat was this 'of:course I don't mean to be separated from you or Pater, you goose! And now I'm going; and o if you don't dto as I wish and go to sleep this moment, you can't be taken to Ventnor I on Thursday." Geoffrey turned an imploring face to the I wicker chair, with the evident intention of t appealing to .its occupant. But .Valentine r was too quick for him. r "No," she said promptly, "Marion is o neither going to sympathise with you nor n to stay with you. Come, Marion," she ii added, and as Mrs Carryl, slowly awakened h to the fact that Valentine was going, emerged g from her chair, Valentine, with a smiling nod to Geoffrey, remorselessly left him to t himself. a Only a week ihad passed since the day when the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been a finally dismissed. BIut very marked effects tl hiad been produced in that time. Geoffrey I himself had made large strides towards re covery, and the rapidity with which his con.- s valescence drew on engendered a correspond. fc tog rapidity in the maturing of plans for the P future, a, In ten days more the whole narty-Valen- tc tino, Mrs Carryl, Mark DIlorrisant and ii Geoffrey-wareo to go to Ventnor, for the at change of air ordered for the htter; and tc Templecombe was to be shut up for an in- ga definite period. Valentine had announseda determination which took no one by surprise. V She intended, she said, to take a house in bl London, and spend the winter there. - Before she finally settled this, another arrangement was entered into, not without some demur on Mark Dorrisant's part. It w was, il her eyes, the most important part of Valentine's plan, that he and Geoffrey Be Cary should live with her during the process of establishing the latter in London. Mark Dorrisant had fully intended, he said, to take for himself and the boy a sat of do chambers; and he would not hear of any other course unless Valentine agreed that the as establishment she wished to set up should be a joint householdin deed as well as in name. But when Valentine had been brought to consent to this stipulation, he yielded with a grace only enhanced by his previousa hesita tion. The change in Geoffrey, the stir and ex hilaration consequent on the anticipation of other changes to come, cleared away all heaviness of oppression in the atmosphere of the house, and brought about a reaction of cheerfulness. In the village, too, the excite ment was passing away.. .The only definite result of the whole affair was the fact that Kenneth Gaunt had Lie lite to begin anew with a millstone round his neck, and this fact was entirely undisturbing to the public mind. Only to Valentine the reaction seemed to' come rather forcedly, and to ring a little falsely when it came. She was outwardly sweet and bright as ever; tender and affectionate with both Geoffrey and her stepfather. But her eyes wore too bright; her cheeks were too pink; her voice always too excited. She turned to .Mrs Carryl now as she shut the door of Geoffrey's room, and the laugh died from her face. " Come into my room, Marion," she said in a low, imperious tone, so strikingly dis similar to the gaiety with which she had spoken in the same breath as to be almost startling. "I want to speak to you." She led the way, and as Mrs Carryl followed her into her room, she signed to her to shut the door. "Marion," she began, confronting the little woman, with something suggestive of defiance in her spirited pose, "I want you todrive to 'the Grange with Mr Dorrisant this afternoon. Mr Gaunt is coming to see me on business, and I-of course, there must be no chance of their meeting.". ."Mr Gaunt," ejaculated Mrs Carryl blankly. " Oh, Valentine-" Valentine struck her foot impatiently on the ground. " arion,'d . she said, "I have told you already that I consider Mr Gaunt has been unjustly'treated. I de not for one moment believe that he did what he was accused of doing; you know that very well." Mrs Carrvl assented with deprecating haste, and added feebly: "dEverybody believes he didit. Mr Dorri sant-" " I know," interrupted Valentine quickly, and a heavy shadow passed across her face. " We need not talk about it, Marion. I would not hurt my stepfather for the world. Don't I know what Geoffrey is to him, and how he must feel-" She broke off, and her face quivered ; but apparently she was afraid ot herself and her emotions, for 'she took refuge in an access of imperiousness, which was somewhat at variance with the nervous movements of her fingers. "Soyou see, Marion," ebe said, " though I-think it only just to see Mr ?Gaunt, and wind up the business of the estate with him in person, I do not wish the fact 'to be forced upon Mr Dorrisant." "'No, ,of course not," said Mrs Carryl meekly. "'It's rather awkward for you, isn't it, W'alentioe " Valentine did not answer. She turned away, and walking slowly to the window, stood there looking out in silente. Mrs Carry3 waited timidly. Then finding that Valentine-did-not speak, she as timidly with-' drew. At last Valentine turned sharply. " One must be just," she said under her breath in a strange, defiant tone. "It is the injustice that is so horrible-that I can I not sear." iore eyes were shining and gleaming, and a her lips trembled a little. They wers trembline again, and her .eyes looked out dark and dilated from a pale face, when, on a summons from the footman that o afternoon, shewent downstairs to the library. She laid her hand on the lock and paused for a:moment as if involuntarily. Her breath was coming quickly. Then, setting her lips, she opened the door. " I am very glad to see you, Mr Gaunt," u she said, holding out her hand with grave i dignity. But as the figure waiting for her ae dvanced to meet her, and the light fell full e nupon his lace, her lips closed again with a contraction of the muscles which Kenneth saw and misinterpreted. 'He did not -know le how nearly a horrified -exclamation had broken from those proudly curved lips. Kenneth Gaunt looked ten years older C than he had lookd when they had last stood t face to face in that room. It was not only that he was thin and worn ; it was not only that there were lines about his month and ,d eyes. All the fire, all the eager youth and enthusiasm seemed to have been, for the time at least, overwhelmed and stamped out. His e eyes had lost theirspirit; there was a strange expression in them in which bewilderment r and wistfulness were oddly blended, and th which hardly harmonised with the resolute endurance into which the rest of his features were composed. To Kenneth the events of the past few weeks had meant much more, i even, than they must inevitably have meant for any man. They had meant a rough awakening-a realisation of oandry facts about himself and his relations with his neighbors. With a hot temper and a high spirit on sa which no softening influence of home had ever been brought to bear, Kenneth Gaunt had gone through life so far in a rough-and l ready, high-banded fashion. The world had been a combination of playgrnundand batle. e field for him ever since he bad first been. tumbled into it-a jolly little motherless follow of seven, turned adrift in a public *s school. Like many another fiery, impetuous person, his faults were all on the sur. face ; all the harm that was in him Same out. But he never realised that few people stop to consider what lies below the surface, and that no amount of integrity or warm-heartedness can wholly counteract the effect of a hot e temper and a tongune regardless of conse. quenoes. He had been vaguely conscious of' o his Impetuosity add self- assertiveness; but She had looked upon them as faults easily r condoned, and at the bottom of his heart there lurked an unconscious estimate of him. self as a " good sort of fellow." To find himself seriously accused of a dastardly crime; to find that nine-tenths of the people among whom he had lived for four years found nothing preposterous and incredible in such a charge in connection with .him, had been a shock to him under which the founda tions of his world seemed to give way. And the effect upon him of the blow was a testi. mony to the real good that lay beneath the sur. Iface. Instead of raging at oiruonmstances and people, he "looked at home," as the saying goes, sobered and tamed. During those long weeks of suspense as he went about' in bitter loneliness, he had come slowly and painfully to a clearer and humbler perception on many points. If, at the end, the true criminal had been discovered and his inno oence established; beyond a doubt, the impress made by those weeks would still have remained. As it was, social shipwreck seemed only the natural result of the tern. porary shipwreck of all his old ideas. He shook hands with Valentine now very quietly; waited while she moved on to the big chair at the writing-table, and then sat down opposite her. They had esat so, often and often, discussing business details ; they had thwarted and opposed one another, so, over and over again. There was a moment's silence, and then Kenneth unfolded the papers he had brought with him in a grave, business-like manner. For nearly half an hour there was no sound in the library but the sound of their rustle, the rise and fall of his voice, and her brief responses. For nearly half an hour they sat one on either side of the table, and her eyes rested on her clasped hands, or met his for an instant as he looked up at her to be sure that he was making himself clear. Valentine grew whiter and whiter, and when the last paper was put aside and he lifted his head for the last time, she leant back in her chair, and 1 a short breath parted her lips. Kenneth glanced at her quickly. His face was flushed, and his hand was clenched as though it might have trembled had he allowed the muscles to. relax. "There is only one thing more," he said, "the contracts, estimates and so forth, for the cottages. Heroe they are." He put his hand into his pocket as he spoke, and drew out an envelope, which he handed to her. "You will see I have written in all I the necessary explanations. I"'-he paused, and added in a lower voice : " I did notexpect to have a personal interview with you until I got your note." t "There was no reason against it," said li Valentine, her eyes fixed steadily on the a blotting-pad before her. "I do not believe L -what has been said." "I can't thank you." The words were low and broken, and they were succeeded by a moment's pause. Valentine's hands were clasped tightly to. H gether. At last she said : "You are going away to.morrow." a "Yes," he answered heavily. " Will you tell me what you are going to do ?" He lifted his head wearily and looked , away. Is "I don't know," he said. " It doesn't matter muohb" " Oh, don't say that." The words came from Valentine againet her will, apparently, and as he turned to her as if surprised, with a light in his eyes, she went on quickly : " Injustice is such a horrible thing; it is a thing I cannot bear. And c it is so dreadful to think of a man's .life 1 being spoilt because of it. Some day the r truth will come out.' It maut.. I'm sure it I must." -- " He smiled faintly, and the light died out of his eyes. "It is not the injustice," lie said simply. I "Not altogether, at least.' There was I another silence, broken this time by Kenneth.. He rose. " Ineed not keep you anylonger," he said. " Only-there is one thing. I want to apologise for all the times I've be haved like a cad. If,"- he hesitated,- and then continued hurriedly, "if 1 could apologise to Mr Dorrisant and Mlr Cary I would do so. As that is not possible, I apologise to you for my conduct to them. Why you should believe in me after all that has come and gone, I don't know. It only' shows-what you are." She had risen quickly as he spoke, .and now she put out her hand impulsively as if to stop him. He accepted the gesture as his dismissal. "Good-bye," he said, simply. " I am very grateful to you for seeing me." " Good-bye," she answered coldly. He dropped her hand and turned away to the door; opened it, his face set and white, and closed it behind him. And then, as Valentine had done only a little earlier, he paused on the threshold..- He let. his fore. head fall on his clenched hands, and agreat edb shook hin'frbm head to foot. '? :7 ,:"': " " It's all over," -he muttered to himself. "It's all over, and I shall never see her again." And on the other sielde of the heavy door Valentine, herarms resting on the table and her face buried in them, was saying to her self over and over again : "It is the injustice! It is the injus tice!" CHAPTER XII.-" 317 OrG FRIEND." It was a frosty December morning, and Rotten Row presented a very cheery spec tacle. The sun was shining : the air was crisp and fresh, and a sense of exhilaration seemed to be all-pervading aeimig riders and horses alike. hAnd not one of the riders .was enjoying himself or herself more thoroughly and opouly than Geoffrey Cary as he galloped along at Valentine's side, laughing and talking in headlong, inconsequent boyish fashion, catching up her merry answers and ° retorting on them again, until at last she a reined in her horse to a walk, and turnedwith a laughing appeal to Dorrisant. , "Will you kindly forbid Geoff, Pater f" she said. "I will not have him flirting with r Miss Lorraine in my house or at my party. Geoff, you shall just go to bed before the party. '1 begins to.night !" There was a flush on Valentine'soheeks, brought there by the air and the exercise ; her 3 eyes were sparkling. She never showed to better advantage than on horseback, and it s was not wonderful that more than onepasser -t by turned to look at the tiio. \- Nearly four months had passed since Templenombe had..been loft empty, and for r two of those four months Valentine had been established in a house 'in Bruton street; and with her, as had been arranged, were established Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey a Csry. During there two months "the stop family," as Geoffrey called it, had settled itself down in the pleasant London house, to a pleasant London life. Mark Dorrisant 'had cold Valentine that it was part of his plan for Geoffrey that the boy should see something of London society. It was a bad time of year for the purpose, but the many people who had known Valentine's aunt were -ready to welcome Valentine; and Valentine's relations or friends were instantly welcomed e for her sake. But ic. was not long before both Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey Cary were 1 welcome for their own sakes; and the presence of the attractive trio made by the a "step-family" became a feature of every gathering, " smart'terinformal,thatenlivened the foggy November days. The atmosphere of the house in Bruton street was one of constant gaiety and high d spirits. Geoffrey enjoyed life with un Y ilagging zest and energy; Mark Dorrisant, d apparently well satisfied, was always ready to promote pleasant schemes. As to Valen tine herself, she was the queen of the house, ° and she reigned with a characteristic variableness. She turned to her step-father 0more and more, with that generous con. t fidence which is only possible to such a d character. She played with and tyrannised e over Geoffrey, her own youth exhilarated by . the championship of the youth at which she 'f laughed in him. The shadow of the nearly accomplished tragedy that had darkened their t life at Templecombe faded away in this new h atmosphere as completely as if it had never a -existed. Perhaps an added excitement was liven to these months by a sense that the life they o broueht was only preliminary. Geoffrey's d'-majority was to come about in February, and .t there was a tacit understanding that it would bring with it some as yet indefinite change. d Everything, all plans and arrangements, led up to the twelfth of February, and there a stopped short. Geoffrey's majority might a prove the threshold of a state of things o pleasanter even than the present, by reason of a greater permanence; but it was a threshold, and at present the door was closed. Geoffrey i himself talked little about his future life; I only a word let fall now and then in con t fidential moments with Valentine showed that a sense of responsibility was alive and grow • ing beneath his boyish light-heartedness. And yet, in spite of her gaiety and bright. ness, even now as she walked her horse between Mark Dorrisant and Geotfrey, there was something about Valentine's face that made it strangely different from the face of the girl who had reigned alone at Temple. combe nine months before. It was difficult to say what the change was, or where it lay. It would have been hard to say that she looked -older, and yet that was the definiltin to whish the difference moe readily accommodated itself. Searching from feature to feature, be change might have been disooveredin the ayes. For all their light and sparkle there was something in their depths which never altered; something which maces the differ. ence between a woman's eyes and a child's. Mrs Carryl had a vague conviction that Valentine had grown strangely uncertain, not only in her ways, but in her temper; and that she was surely more wilful and imperious than she had been before. " Why did you ask Miss Lorraine P"' said Mark Dorrisant, with a smile. "Geoff'e heart is not a mill-atone, Queen Val."-., : -She echoed his laugh merrily; and theni said: "We'll have one more canter, and then I mnst go. in. I want to see that the flowere are all right." - . - " Yori want to go andgloat over that swell frock of yours,'" returned Geoffrey, with a laugh, as he touched his horse lightly with 1 The pary in ques'Jtion was a large dance which Valentione was giving that same night, the prospect of which had greatly excited 2 Geoffrey. And his excitement was shared, though in different fashion, by Valentine. She had given no entertainment hitherto on so larges escale, andtheexhilaratio- of her C manner this morning was due to some oxtent I to her anticipation of the evening. (TO In CONTIUte.) 