BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. On Monday night the brilliant pageant at the horse show was ended, and beauty and fashion poured out into the chilly street eager for new pleasures. The loud cries for carriages were drowned in the roar of rushing wheels and the discordant shcuts of the outside mob, who crowded about the various entrances, anxious to get a sight of the splendid dresses and notable people who had graced the exhibition with their presence on the opening night. There was a mad rush for the various fashionable restaurants, hotels and cafes-where goldtn ingots and three-ply velvet seek refre mjnt after the opera, theatre or show Dalmoiiico's, which is only just across the square from, the Madison Square GardeD, was soon full to overflowing; all the public and private rooms were occupied-the clink of knives and forks, and the clink of champagne glasses, mingled with gay con versation and loud shouts of laughter, made the brilliantly-lighted saloons ring with revelry. When the revel was at its highest a scene was being enacted in one of the rooms above that will never be for gotton by those who were present; for in that chamber, John Hoey, once the presi dent of the Adams Express Company, lay struggling with the Angel of Death. His i sons and his sorrowing wife stood tearfully I awaiting the departure of the troubled spirit across the Jordan's stormy tide. At the head, of the bed stood the Rev. Father Doucey, the friend and spiritual adviser of the dying man to whom he bad just adminis tered the last rite of the Catholic church -the rite of extreme unction, the precious chrism which crossed on the brow of the faithful, is supposed to insure their trans lation into paradise. The battle had been a weary one; but at last the strong man gave up the ghost, and John Hoey was no more. It was over fifty years ago that a poor Irish boy landed in New York without a penny. Alone and friendless, if ever a boy commenced away down on the bed roek, it was he. Having no guide, but what was innately good within him, it would not have been astonishing if he had gone out of sight, like tens of thousands of others ?who, lured by temptation, dropped by the wayside, and were never heard of after; but this poor Irish boy had within him that out of which this world's demigods have been made in all the history of time. It would exceed the limits of this letter to follow the poor barefooted street Arab, from the time he ran errands and sold papers for pennies-till after long years of successful struggle he found himself at the head of one of the most famous express companies in the world, with a salary of twenty-five thousand a year. The man had grown with his opportunity, and his heart never grew old. As his wealth increased and his position in society im proved he built a beautiful home at Long Branch, called Hollywood, which became the centre of a most brilliant and generous hospitality, which was frequently shared by many of the greatest men in the nation. Mr. Hoey was fond of society; but it was a brilliant, cultivated society, and he was never so happy as when he had such a company aroundhis hospitable board. Sur rounded by famous wits and men of letters, by artists, actors and celebrated musicians, there was not a happier man alive than the Master of Hollywood. In dispensing the hospitality of his home, he was ably assisted by his talented wife, who entered into all his plans with zeal and affection which made his life one continual day of sunshine. Years glided on as smoothly as a peaceful river. Holly wood grew in beauty till its fame reached all the land. Its master and mistress loved opera and plays, and all sorts of gay, social life, and they were loved and honored by all who knew them. A little over two years ago the clouds began to lower, and then it began to be whispered abroad that all was not right with John Hoey. At first men Iwould not believe it, his name for years had been the synonym of honesty; then the community was startled with the intelligence that he had suddenly been deposed from the presi dency of the Adams Express Company at a meeting of the board of directors; then there were inquiries for the cause, and it transpired that he was accused of having defrauded the Adams Express Company out of six hundred thousand dollars. The transaction occurred in the purchase of two express routes which he was commis sioned by his company to buy; he pur chased them for $200,000, and charged the company $800,000. The shock to the com munity was terrible, and attachments were immediately issued against every bit of property he had in the world; there was wild talk of criminal prosecution, which might end his life in disgrace. His beau tiful home, Hollywood, with all of its art treasures was attached, and at one time it looked as if it might be lost. Then followed long months of bitter anxiety and peril, till at last by the sacri fice of the greater portion of his fortune he emerged from the ruins with Hollywood secure, but himself a wreck and broken hearted man. For the sake of his wife and family he strove to keep up and act and look as in his olden time, but the iron was in his heart, and he mourned day and night over his disgrace, for which there was no Lethe but death. On Monday night amid the roar of revelry from the gay saloons below his troubled and weary spirit took . its flight. On Thursday he lay in state, before the altar in St. Leo's Church, the oaken casket that contained his remains banked high with the choicest flowers. Around his bier were gathered much of the genius and intellect and wealth of this great city. The church was crowded to suffocation, and there were hundreds outside unable to gain admittance. What- | ever the misfortunes may have been that clouded the closing years of his life, there ! was no evidence of lack of respect at his funeral. They laid him to rest at Wood lawn, in the receiving vault, till a fitting grave can be procured; when in the near future a handsome monument will tell to the passing stranger: "Here lies John Hoey; Uequiescat in pace." While John Hoey was dying in Delmoni co's splendid hotel, anotherfuneral ceremony was taking place in the " Five Points" where in a plain dark case in the little mission known as the Door of Hope, lay all that was mortal of Delia the " TJlue Bird" whose history I gave a few months ago. Poor Blue Bird, she was one of those unfortunates that never had a chance she knew nothing of God, except to profane His name; she was born in sin and grew up among thieves and harlots; she was a thief and drunkard from childhood; honesty or morality she knew nothingabout-they were seldom heard of amid the terrible crew among whom she grew to womanhood. Yile as her companions were, there was nothing among them worse than herself; profanity was habitual to her and besotted drunken ness her normal condition. What hope was there for such a lost soul, here or here after ? What pure minded man or woinar was there in all the land who could sto- p low enough to reach this foi^l moral lepet' The Door of Hope stands right in the cen tre of the slums ; crime and sin grow rank in its fevered soil-death is in the air night and day; death to the bo ly, death to the soul. The night is dark and stormy, the wet ] streets swept by the cold wind, send the wandering pedestrians shivering to shelter, i A bright light streams out from the door of .the Door of Hope Mission, a beacon to the wretched waifs and apparently by God a d man forsaken-the flotsam and jetsam c f Babylon.' A sweet fac^d woman, plainly but neatly attired, peers out into the dark ness and storm; she is anxiously watching for whatever wreckage the pitiless waves miv cast upon the shore; she does not have to wait long, a band of drunkei brawl jrs pass by making the evil night more miserable by their shouts and yells Not far behind them screaming1 and shoot ing comes ones of those libels on woman hood with which this terrible neigh borhood abound ; her head has no covering, her hair streams down her back a muddy cloud; her wretched apology for a dress flies in tattered ribbons in the biting wind j her feet are shoeleras, but she seems insensible to her miserable surroundings i and sheshontsand sings as she approaches | the Door of Hope. Don't touch her, she is I foul with the mud of the streets where she fell; don't speak to her, for your only answer will be the most shocking pro j fanity, for this poor creature knows no other language. The watcher at the Door of Hope steps down and confronts her as she attempts to pass. If it had been one of her own class she would have dashed her to the earth and trampled on her, as it is she hurls on the intruder a storm oc. curses-for this is Delia the Blue Bird, the terror of the Five Points. A less courageous person than Mrs. Whittemore would have fled affrighted before the tem pest, but she was there in the performance of a vow made to Christ in the long ago, that she would devote her life to the sal vation of just such sin-scarred souls as this. The struggle was a long one sustained by God-given patience and hope. The Blue Bird had never heard words o£ kindness and love before from any hnman being; she never knew her mother; she never had a home, and she could not under stand why any mortal being should take an. interest in her. But at last love triumphed and the sin-scarred woman crossed the threshold of the Door of Hope and never turned back; her foul garments were cast aside and the work, of physical and moral purification began; her old companions in crime called in to see her; she received them all with the old- time hearty greeting, but never for a moment faltered. As I related in a letter about three months ago she completed her year of probation, and Mrs. Whittemore held a little jubilee at the mission to celebrate the event. That night the little chapel was full of thieves and drunkards who had come in to see if it was really the Blue Bird who had been, snatched as a brand from the burning. She wore a neat fitting black dress and a dainty little white cap and apron, and on her breast was a single white rose the gift of love from her friend Mrs. Whitte more. That evening, the proudest and happiest of her eventful life, she labored among her old companions, and some of them followed in her footsteps and found salvation in Christ Jesus. A few weeks ago she was taken sick, she sank rapidly and on Sunday night her troubled spirit found rest and peace. They laid her out in the little mission chapel -and many of her old companions came to bid her a last farewell; one brought a tew violets and laid them on her breast, and on Tuesday they laid her to rest. The work of the Door of Hope was finished, Christ had claimed his own. The Horse Show has been the event of the week. It is true that it was a show of very magnificent horses of all degrees, bufc an attraction fully as great as the equine wonders were the howling swells, male and female, of the 400. My, my; but they were & sight to see! It was a brilliant spectacle those tiers of boxes during the entire week. Everybody was out who was anybody, and the array of fine dresses was dazzling. The ladies turned out by thou sands to see the horses, and the gentlemen turned out to see the ladies, and I assure you they were both well worth seeing. Blue blood had the call; the royal family was in the ascendant; aristocracy and pedigree were the order of the day. On several nights Mrs. Cleveland, who will soon be the first lady of the "land, sat in Mrs. TV' hitney's box, and was the observed of all observers. Mis. Whitney is a lady who would create a sensation anywhere, and one could scarcely believe that the plainly dressed lady beside her in a few weeks would be the queen of the White House. 