AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. HE Australian aborigines have a curious jnyth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfortably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they deter mined to apply to the oldest and -wisest inhabitant as to the course to he pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived la • cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great, consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laueh-raLsinrr. The first to make the essay was the ass. Ha brayed so loud -that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against the virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cat the. most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did nob 80 much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self-satisfied airas though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his crowing and flapping of wings had no more cffectthan his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best ta raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contor tions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on "his head and his tn.il. Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of ; his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely oa his head ? Lo ? and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to tr- ckle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted | himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his bead and tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain-fide, and spreading over the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last they vrould have an abundance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, 'im5 resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in thecounti-y of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the family had taken, and all round about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks lead ing to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died he laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far wheu he heard some magpies making a great noise, aa though they saw something strange. He turned round to see what it was and to his terror saw the gKost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed to address it in these terms: " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm ? " It never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching bis back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. When he reached his friends he told them what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleed ing ; and said be had a presentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he wai speared through the heart.— -jdelgravtcu 