THE LEGEND OF THE CYCLE. Every sport lias its story (says Cycling) but hitherto tho chroniolers of oyoilng have over looked an interesting legond which deals with a pre-historio period of our universally popular sport, and which many Germans claim as the m, n ot tne yclB b? 0 countryman of theirs. The startling events wo are about to narrate occurred nearly 250 years ago, and the present 13 on appropriate time for retelling. The works of Horr Casthaus contain particulars of a remark able inventor— a namesake of the contemporary poet Herkoff— who met with a tragic end. Unfortunately, the details are too meagre to afford a reliable rcoord. However, the inoi- dent took place in tho reign of Frcdoriok tho Great, who was born at Cologne, on the Spree, in 1620, and died in 1688. Among other nota bilities in hi3 army was one Ilerkoff— a watoh maker by trade, a soldier by conscription— famed for his height, which reached the goodly alti tude of 6 feet 8inches. Unfortunately, this made him conspicuous, and in battle ho lost both feet, and returnod to his native village and original calling, pensioned by a grateful country, Re- uuceu iu oeing pusueu auout in a sort of go-cart by his wife, who was long of tongue ns she was strong of arm. ho sot about devising a vehicle in which ho could move about without her help— nnd nbnse. Naturally mechanioal his watch making skill stood him in good stead, and after long toil and many expe riments be at last produced a inacbino contain ing a series of very strong springs, which could be wound tip so as to materially assist the power generated by his legs— or rather, what remained of them— and his arms. So long had ho boon about his self imposed task that the wholo country side became interested in his soheme, and when the eventful day arrived for a public trial of his maohine an onormous audience assembled. Towards evening ho turned out, nnd after ad justing tho springs, oiling up and othor manipu lations whioh alwayB seom necessary on suoh occasions, he started down the village streot, with his better half walking in the rear. At first the cumbersome cyelo wont stiffly, but tho in ventor was confident and between turning on another spring and increased arm power his speed rapidly iuorensed and the crowd, such us were not awe struok, an easy matter in that superstitions age, cheered lustily. The old soldier was radiant ; his wife was left far behind. The speed aontinued to inorease — then, too late, he remembered he had forgotten to provide any means of stopping. Wildly did he call to the spectators to catch him, but they were either too nervous of the infernal machine, as they called it, or it was too quick. It oven outpaced the champion runner of tho village, and fire began to fly from tho iron shod wheels as they bounded ovor tho flinty road. A steop hill in front gave hope to poor Herkoff, but it was like a down grade to the demoniacal whcols. A party of country people returning from a neighboring market met him at the top of the hilL They fled terrified as ho rose into the air, and they watched him vanish into space. Fearful was the account they gave of his awful appearance— eyes of fire, hair grey (it was raven hlnok when ho mounted the fated steed an hour earlier), coat tails flying behind, with haggard, worn and unearthly expression of oountenance. On, on sped tho magical machine —nothing oould stop it— nothing check its wild course. Beports camo in from all parts of the country of peoplo being frightened by a spectre on a flying machine, rushing through space. At: tuau uuijr u ouotctuu mis mm, uiii> tuu uuuub uciu together and frantically worked the machinery, which with the lighter weight and absence of friction was seen entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From this time it was seen but seldom, though at the begin ning of this century it was often spoken of, and in some very remote parts of the Blaok Forest even now it is ranked among tho rauuy ghosts of that prolific district. . Suffice it to soy that Herkoff was never inoro heard of— ho did not even return to claim his patent— so that a oheok was given to cycle invention from which it did not recover for over two centuries, and even now a remnant of belief in the tragia fate of Herkoff is to be found in tho extra Btrong brakes fitted to Ger man made cycles — a point visitors to the Father land and manufacturers in this country . have often wondered at, and which is now explained for the first time in an English paper. 