PEJiTH, FRIDAY, JULY 14. PROTECTION y. iniEfi TRADE. At nil times and in nil countries fis cal questions, especially those connec ted with tho Customs Tariff, have been of groat interest and impor tance, and at times nlso havo become burning quostions. This promises to happen in 'Westei'n Australia, and that, too, in the very early stages of her politioal freedom. Surrounded by or adjacent to a number of pro vinces whioh we aro told should be ono in soutiment and interest, but which havo for years, with tho one oxception of New South 'Wales, adop ted 'out-throat tariffs, ' provinces whioh hnvo absolutolv uourcd their manufactures and pioduota into Wes tern Australia unlet and unhindered, there ia little reason to bo surprised afc tho backward condition of tho colony. Our Customs Tariff will alone explain our position, compared with that of the other colonios of Australia. They, of course, started with an immense advantage in regard to tho oarly development of their groat mineral 'resources, whioh in duced marked agricultural and indus trial activity. But 'Western Austra lia, despite hor all round bnokward condition, has continued to freely open hor ports and her markets to the products of the rosfc of Australia and the world, with tho result that looal industries have virtually never had so much as a ghost of a chance, We have eaten their bread and potatoos, their baoon and their oheose, indeed wo have allowed ourselves to bo vir tually swamped with their products and manufactures, and have nob moved a hand to assist mclns trios and products for which we know full well Western Australia is in all respects as well adapted as any other colony on the continent, But we aro commencing to see what a huge mis take we havo bcon making, and that a oontinuanoe of the presout policy spells ruin, that we are — as the mem ber for York recently pointed oub to Ins constituents — in the position of the spendthrift — wo are upending more than we are receiving ; and this can only have one result, Last year we imported half a million more of goods and produots of various kinds in excess of our exports, and it is impossible that we oan keep up this enormous drain, It will bo argued by someone that the oause of this ia the inability to produce a suf Money of some articles in the first instance, and in the next tho inability to produco othova economically and Mff^MffB^FHB^f8MflMBTMWffMBlB^KTiffKfflir''fc~ivff iTrlT***T*TrrirT-fr*grwimwi twit vtti ?) to sell thorn at a price which will not press hardly upon the consumer. But all this sort of assertion tho majority of pcoplo in Western Australia Icbow to be the most arrant nonsense. If local productions had not been beaten out of tho field by foreign articles brought here very often as so much ballast, Western Australia would to a great extent be feeding and clothing herself by this time, and would bo turning hor attontion to foreign mar* kets for the sale of her snrplus pro ducts. But for tho enormous leakage which has been referred to tho colony would be on the high road to commer cial prosperity. Bub with a tariff which opens wide tho door to foreign produots, including thoso whioh tho colony could produce in abundance, and of the best quality, rural and manufacturing industries are almost at a standstill, and tho colouy is being drained of the monoy which should bo devoted to its internal trade and de velopment. Tho worst of it is too the present tariff is noither froe-trado nor protection, nor is it in the least oncouraging to industries which could and should be prospering. Wo havo all the evils of free trade to cone with, with tho first cost of protection added to them. There aro still some who cannot refrain from chasing tho free taulo phantasy, and who boldly aver that it would be beneficial to tho com munity if we (parted our ports and markets for ' free enchango.' They will not reoogniso that there is no such thing nowadays as free exhange, and that those Australian oolonies, ns portions of the ono continent, find that the great bar to their federation are the questions of Customs Tariffs and border duties. This in felt in an es pecial manner oven bv those colonies whioh, unlike ourselves, possess tho onormons advantage of railway com munication one with tho other. And wo, who have no railway connection, who, to quoto the recent words of the Premier in Melbourne, might for all praotical purposes be an island in tho Indian Ocean, are asked to give oui' selves over to the enemy even more completely than we have already done ! Tho idea is absurd. It is time that wo bnokled on the same armour as our enemies and fought them with their own weapons, and wo shall be laokiug in courage and patriotism if we do not .do so, The first thing we must protect are the produots of the soil — artioles of overy-day consump tion, aud ordinary necessaries for tho production of whioh this colony is thoroughly capable, and which it only needs suffioiont encouragement and fostering care to produce ia equal abundance and of equal quality with tho other provinces of tho continent. Wo must completely shut imported flour out of the market, and wo must give tho maximum amount of en oouragement to tho production of butter, choeso and bacon, and as a consequonco as much discouragement as possible to their importation. By this means wo shall booh remove a blot and a blemish on the good name and reputation of tho colony, whioh are that, with its vast territory, fertile soil and excellent olimuto, it is still unable to feed its own people. We must stimulate manufactures by ad mitting raw materta's, tor the pro duction of which this colony is not adaptol, at low rates of duty, and heavily taxing the manufactured artioles ; and by this means wo shall make tho colony Relf-roliant and in time self- supporting, ns woll aa a largo producer and source of supply to foreign markets. There should bo no half measures : the uroteotion of thisor that industry must bo thorough and complete. The whole basis of tho argument of tho free tiade ad vooates is complete reciprocity, whioh is a thintjf unknown, as Free Trade England has found to her cost, and the non- existonce of whioh in Aus tralia has di'iven New South Wales to Protection. Is Western Australia to negleot her interests and her in« dustries in the pursuit of an exploded theory ? But it is unneceHsavy to ask snoh a question. The thing to do is to expose the IVeo Trade fallacy and to pvovp the Protectionist poBi tion ; and this we shall ondoavour to do ere the question of Customs Re form is dealt with by Parliament. 