-Mc VOÏGe GULTURE. ^ -A.-fc- ! A DANGER TO AVOID. BY ITALO CAMPANINI. jjR^RSONALLY, I do not believe in voice building. Nature must give a girl a voice or else she will never acquire one. I often htvo tho question asked if a voice can be made to do this or that. My answer is, that the natural voice can do so much and nothing more. Every singer with a modicum of com mon sense, should know just what his or her voice can do, and not recklessly strain it by attempting to sing in a large hall. Straining a voice means the beginning of the end. One pure, natural note, is a joy forever ; hut a falsetto note is tho ghost of departed swcetne.-s. I can explain what 1 mean better by making n rather trite but true comparison. If a man has an income of twenty pounds per month, and lives up to it, he never saves anyihing; but if he only spends sixteen pounds a month, he has four pounds left. That four pounds represents reserved capital. Now, if a singer has a voice of a limited compass, and she attempts to go beyond it, or keep up to it, she will inevitably break down. It is the law of compensation and nature, lt is far better for a young lady, who has a small but sweet voice, never to attempt to sing in a large hall. A man knows ji st how far he can jump, and singers know what their voices can do. Well, now, if a man who knows he can only jump eight feet tries to jump twelve feet and fails, he can only blame himself. "Oh, but why did ho no», consult friends or a professional athlete some one will a>k. That would have done no good, be cause the man knew what he could do himself. Now, young girls who are taught at home, or even in conservatoires, soon find out what stiongth and compass their voices have, and if they recklessly attempt to go on the stag." when they have voices that are inadequate, I do not know how it eau ho prevented. Voices should be well cultivated. I have heard small voices that were sweet and fresh Treatise they were natural and not strained. A young lady had better, by far, cultivate her voice, if a small one, for parlour singing and have it natural, than ruin it by straining for a greater compass. She can give her friends in her parlour at home a treat that would make no impression on an audience in a large concert hall. It is better to have a sweet voice in a room eight feet bj' ten, than to have a cracked, falsetto voice in a big concert hall. 