A, Russian Ghost - Story. When the Winter Palace was finished I'm empress appointed a 'lay for teeing posses sion of it ; and the elite o£ the guards, and a corps which wr.3 composed entirely of nob'c- men, mounted guard in the new castic. A long, dark corridor lead to tho middle door ot the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It, was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud- - denly the attention of the young men were, attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark . passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key-; hole of the throne-room. Who couid have any business 'at such annnusnal hour in a room wl-icli was designated only for the rn-: ception of foreign ambassadors ? Ono of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate tho matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as be had--, glanced through the keyhole he called; to-...-., . -.vsioR. A.W-; »: wbiipcf .tomtei flCal Ircciep ical baDk, but since that time ti ; tniental accoun t_h4 .Kflfciv amvetT,"' whisp- I ""U',,'.':".' is seated on the throne, directly . and s'oon vgWiftrfH'ffls'ro-ue a-rnct. 'fife em- press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a dotibie eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were, present, as tbe thickness of the door- lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, — " You can all now retire : the empress will not come to-night." " But her majestv is already here," " What 7 Who?" " Ifer majesty is in the throne- room." ' "Impossible 1" " You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recog nised tho empress, and said wonderinglv,— 1 "I cannot understand what the inarsha means. He has just arrived, and ordered that air the guards, be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could she have -:ome secretly ? At all events l'wiil ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do yon remain here as the em- . press may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he he?.rd of tbe mysterious report hastened to the cor- 1 ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " My God, it is the empress ! ner majesty ' herself 1 What can- it mean ?" exclaimed he. " How can tbis bo possible, when I have just left her presence ? She wa3 dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must De some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out I I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace, temporarily occupied by tho empress. " Where is the iii-ucrsiceping apartment. " The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply. — " Are you sure that the empress is here ?" " Of course ; she is preparing to retire." ' Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much xcited, was conducted into the empress' : diamber. The empress stood before 'mm in n night negligee. ui had seen a ghost. What in Heaven't ime is the matter with you 7 Is there any ,-ws from the army ?" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had en. ' It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth Ye will take a nearer look at these come !ian3. I. will go in your sleigh, Kuratin - ou can mount behind. Ilurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas- lelian was ordered to bring the key of th; li rone room ; six grenadiers were com- landed to load their gun3, and led by tin ''impress the little troop betook themselves ti he corridor. The light shone as before through the key ole. The door was cautiously opened am- ! flood of light filled the corridor. Tin tn press stepped within the room, follower y her guard who placed themselves around er. The room was brilliantly illuminated nt. empty. On the throne was seated : .'tape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arraye, : ti purple and ermine, covered will; ; iamonds, and crowned with' the royal dia . em. One instant Elizabeth gaze< readfastly at her double, then moved for -ard a few steps. Simultaneously the a;,- . irition stood up, stepped down from tin i ...,nn nn<4 tVmn rpmffinpH nt ATlf? ill C? AS fill s.ivably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 " Fire I" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six \- .lied directly at the ghostly visitant. Thr :grers snapped. At the same instant ths g?ire, clapped its hands together, and the !\m was suddenly plunged into intense .ukuess. Then followed a great commo- on and -confusion, while the emprcsr iUrd, — "Bring lights 1" Lights were speedily produced, and eacli :,irneriwas thoroughly searched, but »bsi> u tely nothing could be found to elueidatf m mystery. Every door wa3 locked and carded. The guards had seen no one leave he palaee. The empress ordered a more borough - Bearch to be made, but in vain rere all efforts made to discover ths par- jetrator of the trick, if trick it were. " The occurrence made a deeper imprcssioc .ipon Elizabeth than she wouid admit. Eigh! weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar-— A young lady wnt iitiing with her lover in a charmingly deco- .aoars An llap LtAO WAS fl diminUtlVC niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, vere the rest of the company. Says the ittle niece, in a jealous and very audible 7oice. " Auntie, kiss me, too." We leave you to imagine what had hap ruined. " You should say twice. Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar," vtfl the immediate re joinder. Clever girl. A Professional. — " Beautiful sport— beautiful," sairt the bagman. 44 Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by the band. . " Allow me to congratulate you, sir, ht said," I am a professional myself." " Professional sportsman ? " " No ; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)—" Well, sir I— " Sox (imploringly)— "Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am voung, and I have yet time to make repaiation. If a future life of honesty — " Father (angrily) — "Honesty! ha, ba! Who pr.rte3 of honesty to a retired ijps- dealer?" Baron Hans Yon Leere, now at one of ihe fashionable watering places, ia described sa nearly seven feet tall. In this respeot ho mnst compare favorably with any ot ihe hotel bills. Against the Rules. — First Hod Carrier - : " What did the Wilkin' Diligate fine ye fcr. Mike?'" Second Ditto : " For comin' down the ladder two tQB&da; at a Iina1 