CHA.PTE& IV. It was the morning following the ghost episode; Mr. (rriuiley had not put iu ail appearance at prayers, but as. that was quite a usual thing, The Tartar and his. friends were np,t at all alarmed. Master Hafald. ILpssnipre stood lounging against the gate of the. cricket field, watching- the eleven practising; a satisfied smile played about the corners of hi% mouth. He felt that now he had vindicated his honour he would behave himself properly once more, now--but no, he Wouldn't make any rash promises, after ail it was too bad of §trimley to put his good conduct dpipn to sulki : ness, and he ^G-rimley) deserved all he had got. A sixth-form bpy strolled yp and seated himself on, the gate. Hello, Jiossmorp ? you in that row last night," he enquired with an insinu ating smile. The Tartar gyinned. " To.u bet 1 was," he said. A look of satisfaction stole over the ! the sixth-form boy's face. The Tartar ca.ught sight of it, a,nd immediately saw he had been (to use his own expression) " nibbed." Peters was captain of ^be. dprni to^es, and consequently £espon§it}le for. any disturbances. " My word, you are cute yftuog aui mals; who else was there ?' inquired the boy again. Under ordinary cireumstanees this would have been accepted as a. compli ment, but the " young animal" before him was on his guard now, so he merely answered shprtly but decidedly " Dunuo." '. W asn't Dick Derwenfc there ?'.' \ iuguiied Peter's, in surprise. j " iiutmo ; I went by myself ; didn'1; 1 see nobody,'' growled the ungramx I matical Tartar, and then be strolled off j whistling shrilly, and just turning j once to say disgustedly, "Honor in ! the sixth, by jiflgo !" I I say, JHarald, heard abp.ut Mr. | Grimley ?51 inquired Dick, meeting j The Tartar, just as. he finished his last voily at Peters. "? No-o" sai^ The Tartar, extremely i startled. Something was evidently wrong, for in the first place Dick looked terribly grave, tbe second he had said Mr. Grrimley, \yhich portended a serious case. " He's ill," said Dick, solemnly. 4< When Duncan went in to speak to him last night he fpund him on the floor in a dead fain^. I dou't rightly knpvy how bad he is, but he's been removed to. the sick room, and the doptor's here. My gum, 1 hope what we did hadn't anything to dp. with it," and poop Dick looked the picture of misery. All The Tartar said was " chrikie!" It might sound laughable to the reader, hut The Tartar*s face gave it a pathos which raided the boyish expression higher than a good many sadder phr-ises; the expression was pue o£ regret, repentance, pain, and pity all | mingled together, and I have no doubt j that at that inotoeup he uouhl gladly j have given all he possessed to undo ! their last night's wprk; but that could | not be. , " What are vve to do, Dick ?" he inquired, helplessly. | " Nothing," was the quiet answer, " 5tain!t no sprt of use doing anything, we'll only get ourselves into a row and do no good by it. I'll go and find put the rights of the case." The Tartar waited auxiously for. his return. Dick came slowly back. {' Yes, he's pretty bad ; feverish and deliripus; perfect quiet is \yhat the doeipr. has ordered; it's been coming on a good while-it wasn't a sudden shock t.bat did it," said the boy, strqggling between sorrow for his teacher and relief that npne of the burden lpy oji their shoulders. This did npt satisfy !flarald Ross more. lie fplt that even if their trick bad had nothing to do with it (and he feared even now that it had) he was still to blaoie. He had worried the master in a thpusand ways, and each one rose up now and confronted him ; not one escaped his memory, and tliey worried him night and day. icir a whole week the master grew steadily \yorse, $nd The Tartar became mqre ^ud more restless, till at last he could st^nd ;t np. lpnger. " I'l| go and tell the doctor if he sends me straight o$f, it'll be better than this," he said, slp.wly pounding an almpud shell with a piece of sto,ne. " Yes, that's wha,t I'll do ; I needn't tell of Dick and Chickep, any way." He found the doctor much more lenient than he had expected. The boy'§ evident distress touched him, and so when, he had finished he said kindly, but gravely " My boy, though jour foolish trick was not the cause of your teacher's illness, I think you are right in con necting it \vith it; it was as it were the culmipating point. Practical jokes are always dangerpus-ypu never know where they lead. Mr. Grrimley is very ill (he sighed deeply, the master was to him as a favorite son). I need npt disguise the fact, bwt Qod willing, h.e may recover; while there is life there is hope ; pray fpr hi,m, my b9J-" The dpctor did not pvmisb, him; after, a serious talk he let him go" knowing well that the boy's tenjpera, ment would punish him enough. Till the master was well again he. would npt know axi hour'^ peace. Day after, day. The Tartar waylaid the doctor to inquire after his patient, and day after d^y his face became clo.uded as the "ijiot much improve ment yet, my boy," left the doctor's lip,b. Pick got so much, liberty in, these days, $hat even liis Sunday nap lost its flavor. He was quite delighted when Th.e Tartar sadly threw an almond a.t his nose, and with gravity invited hi,m to "fij^e away j" b.yt for o.nce the invitation passed unheeded;, The Tartar felt too, sad to allpw him self any such pleasure. One morning, however, Disk's term of liberty came tp an abrupt end. Th,e Tartar came bustling do"wn the step,s and laid hold pf him \>y the collar-: " Come ajong, you rogue," he said, merrily, "you'-ye been poping long enough." Poor Dick was too ijab.hergajsted even to. protest against this gross in justice. In spite of all protestations, and pleas. of " wp,vk to b.e done," the. victorious Tartar dragged hi pi o,ff tp the town and m^de him help, to carry his fresh supply of almonds. He had not bought auy since Mr. Gcritnley's illness commenced, ^ut he. made yp for. it now D.^ck at once guessed the cause pf his friend's hilarity ; Mr. James. Grim ley, M.A., had (ieen declared convales cent, and The. Tartar was to be admitted to see. him in a day or two. The eventful morning dawued at last, the doctor pronounced his patient quite well enough to see a visitor, and as. his patient had been, constantly asking for. Har&ld; Eossmpre, it was settled that he should see him after afternpon school. The Tartar caryie^ him a, la,rge bag of almonds. He thought of cracking them first, but be felt somehow that nobp(dy could, enjoy them thoroughly unless they bad had the pleasure of cracking them, so he finally resisted the temptation and took the. choice morsels just as they weye. Mr. Gri'iinley could not resist a smile at the characteristic boyish offer ing, but The Tartar did pot notice it ; he was too much taken up with remorse at the master's altered appear ance. " Well, Harald, this has been all for the best after all, I think," he said, holding The Tartar's hand * "we will understand each other, better no,w. I see the mistake I made and I will try to rectify it." You were always good to me," burst out the boy impetuously, and I was a brute; yes, that's j ust what I was-a brute. I will do better sir, really I will, if you only get well. I won't speak one word to Chic Gj-rayson all school time." *' That's right, my boy," returned tlie master, gently strpkiug the hand he held. Then, seeing the tears in the boy's eyes, he added quickly, " It has been a'series o.f errors all through. I think we will do. fetter.now, 0I4 fellow. Thank Qpd, I am gaining strength y^pidly no.yr." " Ye§. sir, we will,"- returned The Tartar earnestly; and, as he always did, he kept his word. 