ORIGINAL POETRY. THE SWAG MAN'S DEATH. [By Bushiun.] When Jack left the station at break of day, With his "bluey" strapped to his baok, We none of us thought as he went away 'Twas the last that we'd see of " Old Jaok." He always went by the double name, Though no one could tell you why, A fellow high up in a bushman's fame With a form that would strike the eye. He'd been on traok full many a year, And was known to all Euch folk; To each of his " pals" he'd a word of cheer • And could crack right many a joke. He'd not been well for a week or so, Complaining of pains in his chest, Bo, drawing his " cheque," he resolved to go To " town" for a well-earned rest. 'Twas fully a hundred miles to walk To the nearest railway line, But that won't make a bushman baulk, Be the weather foul or fine. "Old Jack" set out with a cheerful heart And a smile as he Baid " Good-bye It's always hard from a mate to part As you've loved three years well nigh. We're rough, we chaps,, to the city lad, ■ But our hearts have a kindly bead; We've not much change to make life glad, So a good pal's reckoned a treat. Jack Blept that night at the Limestone Hill, Just a little uneasy at heart; He felt his pains were sharper still, And he moaned at each pisroing dart. The tint in the ea3t had just begun To presage that the day was at hand, When Jack made a start ere the morning sun Sent his first rays over the land. But not with the merry swinging gait ■ And the smile that he usually wore; Oft racked with pain he was forced to wait Till the spasm had passed once mors. So struggling on he at last drew nigh To the end .of his painful toil, And often he heaved a weary sigh As he watched his " billy" boiL 'Twas not his wont to make complaint, So, silent as the tomb, He watched the night its shadows paint While stars stole through the gloom. He heard the distant dingo's howl Or the bound of the kangaroo ; Sometimes the flight of some waterfowl Relieved the starry blue. The "Rooky Hole" was a natural spring Begirt by gaunt-limbed trees, Whose swaying arms like ghosts would sing With every passing breeze. A lonely spot for a man to camp, With a pipe for his only cheer; The flickering fire makes a sorry lamp— All around it renders drear. " Old Jack," rolled up in his blanket blue, Belt the pains in his chest increase; No sleep could he have the whole night through, And day brought no release. Too ill by far to rise that morn, Poor " Old Jaok" felt his end draw nigh; No one to eheer his last hours forlorn, He had lain himself down to die. That day, all alone, he was torn with pain, And he prayed for the end to come; It came, but the sun was setting again When the soul of " Old Jack" went home. A station-hand from the opposite track, Ashe stopped alb the "Hole" that night, Was the first to behold the corpse of "Old Jack" In the dusk of the evening light. A few yards off stand four posts grim— The swagman's monument; Twas all that we lads could do for him, Though done with love intent. A sheltering pine grows over his grave, And the lads as they pass that way Are deeply awed by itB mournful wave As it ever seems to say— "Beneath me lies a noble heart Unblessed by priestly prayer; Bub yet in heaven, where souls ne'er parb, . Go, pray you'll meet him there." Norwood, October 9, 1893. 