THE QOLDEN SLEBEFRS. Jaok JJerry was one -of,th-Me lucky 'deals' with a good Jayifig bufflness in town, and lots of friends in the country glad to see hini -whein he felt inclined to seek another atmosphere, and bring down tbe latest town talk in exchange for a truly rural welcome. At one of these hospitable houses of call he was invariably billetted in one particular chamber, and so completely had he become, as it were a member of the family, that it was generally known as ' Jack's room.' It happened, however, that one Christmastide our friends _ arrived as usual without any formal inti mation, and, elastic as the house was, owing to the exigencies of the festive season there occurred something like a block in the dorinitorial arrange ments which provided a ludicrous, if eventually satisfactory sequel. Jack was an extra good man out side a horse, and the Stiffsliire Hounds being within half of his friend General Jolliboy'shouse — happily yclept Clover Hall — his little plan was as follows : To leave London early, got up to the liinps in correct limitm? toeeerv. having wired to his groom to meet him with his hunter at at the railway station at Stiffton, the country town, where he kept his modest stud, and quite handy to his ultimate destin ation, said groom having further orders to take his portmanteau on and wait for him at Grover Hall. Now his faithful retainer had many boon companions in Stiffton, and once he had seen Jack fairly mounted, and had duly admired the general effect of horse and man, he was in no particu lar hurry to start with the impedi ment. He knew that there was a local train in the afternoon just in time to land him, if he risked the not un likely chance that Jack would ' pur sue' to the bitter end. So it came to pass that, after hav ing a good time with his pals, he de livered his master's belongings at dusk, just as the General and Jack put in appearance at the stables, and took over the tired quadruped with a consciousness of having done his duty. A bright idea suggested itself to Jack. He communicated it without loss of time to his host. His arrival was to be kept a secret till he burst upon the assembled party at dinner-time, which lie knew well would be a reai treat to his kind old friend Mrs. Jolliboy, and not being troubled with shyness, he never gave a thought to the rest. 'All right, my dear boy,' said the General, 'you know your room's always the same.' One conspirator only was admitted to this thrilling plot, and that was old Jeroboam, the family butler, who looked upon him as his very own and loved to valet him us well as to fill up liis glass. Now Mrs. Jolliboy, with a matronly mind full of household cares and anxiety as to the arrival aud due bestowal of her numerous guests, had stayed at home all day, after having enjoined her husband not to stop out too late, as she filled him a stirrup cup with her own fat hands, and started oft' to the meet. In good time all had been set in apple-pie order, and her party had assembled early, and by tea time were as happy together as need be. Among the number was a pretty American importation, Miss Mamie Starr, with plenty of dollars to enhance her personal charms, and in connection with her the only hitch so far had occurred to mar Mrs. Jolliboy's well-considered plans. The room wliicli she was to occupy had not been used for some tim°, and the fire refused to burn up, so Mrs. Jolli boy insisted on Mamie's coming to her own quarters to rest a little before dinuer after her long journey. ' I've had a fire lighted in my spare dressing room, dear, and you will be as cosy as possible there till dressing time, when your own room will be ready for you,' said the old lady. Mamie ' guessed she cottoned to a sort of stretch after those tiresome cars. ' Mrs. J olliboy gave strict orders to the servants not to come near her room till dressing-time, as Miss Starr was tired, and so was she, and bade them especially warn the General the moment he came home, lest he should make a noise in his dressing-room and disturb tliem. Mrs. Jolliboy showed Mamie into her second dressing-room, where a blazing fire shed a comfortable light ou a decidedly bachelor apartment, with sporting pictures on the walls, a huge armchair, a portentious bootjack and a most inviting bed, with dimity hangings to match the window cur tains. ' My ! how elegant 1' said Mamie, at once shedding her neat travelling gown, and to Mrs. Jolliboy's amuse ment, standing revealed in a deshabille wliicli showed her slight figure to perfection. Another minute, and the little shoes or ' slippers,' as she called them transatlantically, were kicked off and she sprang upon the bed, curled herself up and shut her eyes. Mrs. Jolliboy threw an eiderdown over her, and taking the shoes, placed them tidily ' in the first position' by the fireside, arranged the armchair so as to keep the light off her eyes, and laid the cast-off garment neatly folded on a chair in a corner, then retreated into her own room and softly closed the door, saying as she went, ' Have a good sleep, my dear, and I will send my my maid to you when the dressing gong sounds.' Jeroboam, having delivered the caution 'as to noise in the neighbor hood of Mrs. Jolliboy, grabbed Jack'-s portmanteau, and they mounted the staircase with burglarious precaution. Jack elected to set down his traps in the passage, and there parted with his ' pink' and his muddy tops, and, con tent with a pair of slippers and a smoking jacket, crept quietly in at the familiar door, aud by the flicker of the fire which he dared uot poke, made for the chair ho knew bo well, sank con tentedly into its open arms and slept. The. General, true to his promise, made himself agreeable to the guests downstairs, but^ept' fhe seor|t eff Jack's arrival; and our Ihree sleepers slept tbe sleep of the just for a nice refreshing hour. Jack dreamt a delicious dream. He was, it was true, a bachelor, but let it not be imagined for r moment that he ignored the attractions of the fair sex. On the contrary, he was only too susceptible, and was wont to confess that he owed his safety entirely to numbers. Somehow it seemed to him he was inhaling a subtle, perfume laden air, that a light regular breath ing fell upon his listening ear, and now and again a rustle as of feminine skirts. His arm was hanging over one side of the big chair — a dainty little object was in contact with his his hand. There could be no mistake! — surely it was a little fairy shoe. If there was one thing ' Jack' went for it was pretty shoes, aud iustiuctively he held on to it with a lingering caress, and connected it vaguely, although tenautless, with the subtle perfume aud the tantilising rustle. Suddenly an uneatlily clamor per vaded the whole house — it was the dressing gong. In a moment Jack was wiae awake and sitting up, and there in his hand was the little treas ure of his dream, a dainty creation of shining golden leather, with tiny toes and taper heels and lined with golden satin. The fire flickered up and shone upon it, amid all the familiar sur roundings of his old quarters, and as it dawned upon him where he was he marvelled indeed at this strange ac cessor)- ! Then that subtle perfume of which he liad dwelt assailed his nostrils afresh, and — yes — without a doubt this time a deep sigh and a distinct ' frou-frou ' of garments unmasculine attacked his ears. Barely bad he j time to wheel round in the direction of those sweet sounds in that least likely place, and pause amazed at the vision of a golden head upon the pillow, and a pair of silk clad ankles peeping from under the eiderdown, when the door of Mrs* Jolliboy's room, which he could have sworn was locked as usual, suddenly opened and in sailed that portly dame in a red flannel dressing gown, with the compromising words on her lips, ' Now, darling you must wake up ! ' A loud scream followed, echoed by a long-drawn ' Sakes alive !' from the fair occupant of the bed, as she finished a, deliberate stare round, and, having grasped the situation, disap peared bodily under the quilt. Mrs. Jolliboy sank slowly towards the carpet in a jellylike condition, but Jack, with a bound, was just in time to catch her — stammering the while, ' I beg your pardon — how lovely — what ? ' ' when the passage door fiew open, and in rushed Bodkin, the lady's maid. ' Whatever is the matter, ma'om were the words that she said ; but wheu she saw her stout mistress in handsome Jack's arms, and in a cos tume suggesting a ballet, she, too, with an eldritch screech, collapsed. Jack was in agony. He couldn't let the old lady go ; he couldn't help the maid ; he couldn't even see the young lady ; when in hurried Jero boam with a jug of hot water and Jack's evening clothes, and fell right over the prostrate Bodkin. This was too much for Jack ; with a shout of laughter he fled from the room, going ' in aud out clever' over the butler and lady's maid, and met the General tearing along the corridor, purple with haste, and horror at the screams and laughter. 'Another of your practical jokes, Master Jack !' he began, almost angrily, ' No, sir,' roar»d Jack : ' not mine this time, I sweaav. , There's a ghost in my room, sir— the prettiest ghost 1 ever saw 1 She's in my bed ! And she must be Cinderella's ghost, Gene ral — here's one of her shoes !' and he looked fondly at the little article of which somehow he had never let go. The sound of the General's voice had galvanised Mrs. Jolliboy aud Bodkin. Mamie, too, had broken cover, and, retrieving her remaining shoe, hopped into Mrs. Jolliboy's room, dragging with her both mistress aud maid. Whispered councils of war were held in the male aud female camps, and all agreed to keep the matter dark. After a storm comes a calm. Every one dressed and came down as if nothing had happened. After dinner, oddly enough, Jack and Mamie, who had made great friends, found them selves sitting alone in a conservatory. I Mamie mode a great point of poking out her little feet one after the other, and a remarkable fact was thereby revealed. Notwithstanding that her toilette was perfect in its harmony in every other respect, she had on an odd pair of shoes — one was quite old and shabby compared with the other. ' 1 guess you are looking at mv odd slippers, Mr. Merry? Well, I cau't tell. Say ! what can have become of the fellow to this golden one?' Whereupon Jack went down upon liis bended knee and said, as he produced the missing item from his breast pocket, ' I wonder if this fits.' Aud they took so long to satisfy themselves that they were looked upon as lost, and only found their way back from fairyland when the whole of the rest of the party came trooping in, and the old General gave utterance to a thundering ' \\\'bo-o-oop !' Such a start could only lead to one finish, and among the wedding pre sents the place of honor was given to a glass case from the bride to the bridegroom, containing the identical golden slippers which served so prettily to bring them together. 