A Commonplace Daughter, [For the MINER.] BY JOHN AUGUST. CHAPTER VI. ABOUT half an hour after her fight with herself in the schoolroom, Ella stood knocking at her mother's sitting- room door, and upon bearing the usual cheery " Come in" she entered. She had been to her own room to bathe her eyes and put on a fresh collar and tie in place of the ones which had become crumpled in her grief; but still the anxious mother saw at once that she had had no easy time. Her face had lost its sullen look, but still bore traces of the struggle, she had gone through, yet the expression told clearly that her good angel had gained the victory. Her mother greeted her warmly, drawing her head down upon her breast and kissing her fondly. "My dear child,you have been in trouble. I am sorry for you. You have had a sore disappointment, I know, but you will be a brave girl and do what you can to ease your father. I am afraid, from what Madge tells me, that he has been a little harsh to you, dear, but try not to mind it ; he is so easily put out just now because he feels so keenly that in a measure he has brought this trouble upon; us. We must all try and be cheerful, dear, for his sake." "Oh, mother, if I were only good like Madge," sighed Ella sorrowfully. " Madge is a dear good girl and the greatest comfort to me, but, Ella, she has not the quick temper that you have to fight against, I do not wish to detract from her sweetness or to excuse you, but you must not be down- hearted because your fiery spirit gets the upper hand now and then. I know so well how you must feel. Oh, Ella if you only knew how rebellious I am at times at being compelled to live nearly all my time away from you all ! It is so hard at times to feel that it can be for good that the mother is almost entirely shut off from her children, but, dear, we must not question the wisdom of what is sent us—only let us try our utmost day by day to do our duty, then all will be well." Madge was busily poring over an account book, while files of bills lay on the table beside her, when Ella joined her in the morning-room. Not know- ing of her altered feeling, she did not know exactly what to say, and so con- tinued her work. Ella stood by the window toying nervously with the blind-cord for some time in in silence, then came to the table and began fin- gering the papers. Seeing she had something to say, but evidently did not know how to begin, Madge looked up with one of her sweet smiles which were showered on all alike. "What is it, Ella? Can I help you?" " Look here, Madge—but am I inter- rupting you ? Can you leave that book for a little?" " Easily," replied Madge, placing a marker and shutting the book, " Well, Madge, I wanted to have a talk about things. It is pretty evident this—this change has to be made, and so—and so I would like to have my duties settled at once." Ella was twirling a file wildly round and round on her finger in a way that irritated Madge considerably, but she managed to say nothing of it. " But, Ella, dear, there is no such tremendous hurry." "But there is, Madge. I tell you I must have something settled at once." "But I have not thought of it all yet. There has not been time to go into all the arrangements." "Well, that is just what I want you to do now—if you do not mind, that is. This is Thursday; Saturday will be end of the holidays, and I want to start straight off on Monday." Madge smiled quietly ' to herself at this steam-engine way of setting to work, but said only— "Well, what do you think you would like?" "Like !" snorted the other, " there is no question of like; there are only various grades of dislike. It is sheer positive duty—nothing else Madge, do you mean me to teach those young- sters?" " Well, if you would undertake the task." "Then that is settled; what next ?" "Really, Ella, I cannot say just now. It is impossible to lay down a whole set of rules all at once. There will be ever so many odds and ends to do, I am afraid, then I hope we will gradually get into a thorough system." "Yes, that is just what I want—in fact, what I must have. Well, you have settled one thing, at all events. I must be content for a while. What were you doing when I came in?" "Looking over past accounts to see how far money went in necessities and how far in luxury." ''I expect we will find hundreds of old necessities turning into luxuries now," said the other shortly. "Give me the book and let me see what is to be made out of it. What do you want to find? Necessaries? What are they ?" "0h, you know—everything that is positively necessary—butcher, baker, grocer, and that sort of thing." "Person, you mean. Do you in- clude governess and servants in 'that sort of thing' ? " "No," replied Madge, glad to find -she had so far recovered her usual tone as to be even grimly amused. "No, they are in another book. But ; see, I think we could get an idea how far money went in so many months, then strike an average, and we would have some sort of idea how much is positively necessary." "The investigation was not of a cheering character ; the two girls could not make the past fis into the present at all. Then came a search through the individual bills, cutting out this and that until at last, when the milliner's account had undergone the same dissection, the amounts began to show signs of better agree- ment. In spite of herself, Ella grew interested in the complica- tion, it was such a very tangled skein that she had to unravel, but at last poor Madge, whose head ached sadly, declared they had done enough calcu- lation; she now had a very good idea of what was necessary. However, she said that now she knew what Ella could do in a difficulty she would be constantly appealing to her for help. At every unoccupied moment the remembrance of the old tin-lined cupboard and what it contained forced itself upon Ella, but she strove bravely to put it from her; she had resolved to try her utmost to do her duty, yet the temptation to fall back from it was severe. Unmethodical enough in everyday matters, her studies had gone like clockwork—so much time set apart for each subject, and rigorously kept; so in the afternoon she shut herself up in the schoolroom, gathering all the children's books around her, to set to work to draw up a programme for each day. If poor Fan and Rob, tearing and scampering about at Millwood, could only have seen the lessons set for them, their merriment would have undergone a considerable change. The new governess had no idea, of the easy, happy-go-lucky way in which her juniors had been taught. Miss White was the essence of gentleness and good-nature ; she neither fussed nor worried ; was never known to be angry with her pupils, however lazy or stupid they might be, and they loved her accordingly; but she had no method. Now the cut-and-dried rules just drawn up for the edification of the young members of the family were enough to make their eyes jump out of their heads with astonishment. The girl sat looking at her work with pardonable pride; it had taken a good deal of time and thought: so many subjects, each to have its allotted place in the schoolday. Ruth and Mark, being so much younger than the other two, required a slight modification of the list. Slight, poor, solemn little persons; they would have thought it needed modification altogether if they could so much as have understood the words used in it. At last both lists were completed, written in a clear, round hand—"so that baby Stan ought to be able to read them soon! " —the times printed in red ink, the lines beautifully ruled. Ella stuck them in conspicuous places on the wall near the book-shelves, just at the height to be easily read ; then, having replaced the books tidily, was astonished to find that it was nearly tea-time. She felt a little self- gratification at having spent the after- noon so industriously, but sighed rather forlornly as she looked round the room and thought of the many weary hours she would have to spend there, with so many beloved books so tantalisingly near, while all her atten- tion must be given to feeding the four young minds committed to her care. The half-hour before tea was spent in her mother's room, telling her of the new arrangements just completed in the educational department. Mr. Graham had many doubts as to the pupils' success in the part they were supposed to play, but did, not like to damp the new-born ardor, knowing how thoroughly distasteful the new occupation was. The Millwood quartette returned for tea in excellent spirits, declaring it to have been the best day of the holidays. This place was their favorite haunt, being an old de- serted mill—commonly believed to contain an evil spirit—standing in the depths of a wood. Many years had passed over it since it was last used, and the old rooms were musty and full of cob webs. There were many dark, gloomy corners about it, quite dismal enough to contain the ghost of evil repute, which; however, had not shown itself to the rising generation of Grahams, although they knew many stories of persons who had seen it, and an awful sight they were led to believe it to be. A deep stream wended its way quietly, but swiftly, past the old place; the deep, dark pool, in which the now motionless wheel had made such a disturbance, was said to be the scene of the tragedy which, legend said, troubled the ghost. None of the younger children were allowed to go to this, to them, delightfully mysterious place without one of the elders to take care of them. Arthur was the youngest considered competent to act as care- taker—probably this very restriction was the reason why the place had such a fascination for the juniors. Ella had an unaccountable horror of the place, and disliked the children's rambles very much. A horribly cold, shivering sensation came over her whenever she entered the old rooms ; if ever induced to go out upon the kind of balcony or ledge which overhung the wheel and pool she would turn sick and faint, and declare that she would never act chaperone again. On the present occasion Fan was in great glee—she had nearly seen the ghost ! Left to herself for a few moments in one of the upstair places she had heard "an awfully queer sound coming from an old cupboard place." Feeling it must be the awful one coming at last she ran off to tell the others to come. To her great disgust, they not only declined to believe her, but de- clared she had run away because she was afraid! Her story was received by Madge and Ella in much the same way though, so she had to put up with a great deal of teazing about it for the remainder of the evening. Before bed-time came Madge told those whom it concerned that Miss White was not coming back, but that Ella was going to teach them in future. Rob stopped sharpening a pencil which had been occupying him for some little time—the head would break so!— looked from Madge to Ella and from Ella to Madge, then said— "Stuff! Don't you try to gammon me, Madge! Ella could not teach for sour apples !"—then continued his operations. "I do not understand what 'sour apples' have to do with it," said Ella; "but what Madge says is true all the same." "Not really and truly ?" quesfcionei astonished Fan ; then, suddenly jump- ing up, she danced about like a maniac. "Oh, oh! I am glad. Won't we have rare fun ? I say, Rob, we won't have any lessons at all now ! Oh, Ella l am glad!" " Are you really?" "You are an incomprehensible—" " Big word !" chimed in Rob. "As sour apples," continued Ella- quietly ignoring the interruption. " Why do you imagine it will be rare fun, and that you will not have any lessons at all ?" " Of course, we won't if you teach us. You will be reading one of your stuffy old books all the time, and will not have any to spare for us." Ella winced and choked back the tears which were so ready to come at the least allusion to her studies, and then showed her future pupils very plainly that they had made a mistake. Fan was aghast when the learned what was expected of her, and went to bed in a much more thoughtful frame of mind than usual, reproaching her- self vigorously for having sometimes wished that Miss White might be spirited away, and feeling that she was being punished for it now. She was soon asleep, however, dreaming of Millwood, of tumbling into the pool, of sinking down, down, deep under the wheel ; then the ghost came, fished her out with a long-crooked stick and entered into conversation with her, when it transpired that he was not a vicious one at all, but a very respectable member of society, whose only fault had been inattention to his books in his boyhood and making grimaces at his governess. While these thoughts were tumbling about in the madcap's brain, Ella was sitting alone by her dressing-table in her favorite attitude—her elbows on the table, and her chin supported by her thumbs. It was about the only time she had had to herself , since breakfast. What a long day it had been! Was it really only last night that she had been told that; or, was it the night before, or the one before that? Would every day seem as long now? They used to be so short. If to-day had been so long, what would next week be with those children to teach? Then there was her bed to make and the room to dust. How was it all done? She had never done that kind of thing before. Then there were heaps of odds and ends to see to. " Oh, I hate it all!" she cried pas- sionately, jumping up and pacing the room. " It is no use pretending I don't. I hate it! I hate, it ! ! I hate it !" A vigorous stamp accompanied each assertion. "It is an abominable shame. Why should we have to do it? What numbers of girls, not half as good or pretty as Madge, have all they want and never do a stitch, while she has to bother and fuss and worry till she turns grey ! I don't want grand clothes and balls and all that ; but I do want my own time. It is a great shame of father to lose all his money. Why didn't he do as the grandfather advised ? It is all his fault, and yet he is angry with us ! Oh, how miser- able I am !" She wound up by regularly flinging herself into her chair again. After a while the future duty of having to dust her room again forced itself upon her, and she began to take stock of the things in it. Whilst so engaged,her eye fell upon a picture over the mantel—one which the mother had hung in each of the bed- rooms, so that the sleepers' eyes would rest upon it the first thing in the morning and the last at night— a photograph pf the "Ecce Homo." Somehow she could not withdraw her gaze, and as she looked the picture seemed to have a new meaning for her—the thought came that the expression was one of pleading, of intercession for her. Gradually her rebellious feeling softened, big tears of penitence began to roll one by one down her cheeks, and she buried her face in her hands. "Oh, how awfully wicked I am ! How can I—how dare I be so selfish ? Oh, if Í were only good like Madge ! Every time I get into one of these tempers, I know it is wrong, yet I give way over and over again. It seems to be no use trying sometimes; but then that is wrong too! Then,there is next Monday—it is the first. I have been too wicked for that. But what will mother say ? She is sure to grieve so. If I could only ask someone who could tell me what is right. Madge would not understand. I can't bother mother." She sat with her head bowed upon her hands for some moments, then a thought came to her and she sat bolt upright. "I will ask Mr. Hedley ; he told us last Sun- day that he wished we would come and ask for advice if any of us needed it. He will know. "Yes, I will tell him all about it; he will tell me about Monday. Oh, if I could only be good for a week !" cried the girl, little think- ing that many a better person than she has often to wish that he or she could be good for a day—nay, even an hour! Her present distress was occasioned by the fact that on the first Monday of the month the vicar—Mr. Hedley— came to have a celebration for her mother, who was quite unable to go to church. At that time the mother loved to have her dear ones around he that they might receive the Blessed Sacrament together. Ella felt strongly on all points connected with religion but especially concerning the Holy Communion. Her self-examinations were severe, and whenever she felt she had wilfully done wrong, she felt she could not draw nigh and partake of that most Holy Sacrament until she had made herself feel the unhappi- ness of missing the weekly celebration. For years she had thought out and pondered these things ; she had formed a "Rule of Life" for herself of which the others did not know. It was very stringent, but, though constantly fail- ing and always falling short of her ideal, she was ever striving after it. Now it happened that her outbreak of temper had come again this time just before the Monday. What could she do? Ought she to disappoint her mother—ought she to undergo the punishment she felt she deserved ; or ought she to please her mother and break her " Rule." This question troubled her, but the thought of being able to ask Mr. Hedley about it eased her over-anxious heart, and at last she fell asleep, having made many fresh resolutions as to the government of her temper in the future. (To be continued.) [Commenced in the "Miner" of Saturday, July 8.] 