A GHOST OF THE PAST. Sir Robert Lisburn and his wife were not particularly silly, as newly married couples go. For one thing, Sir Robert was thirty something; and when yon are thirty something, gravity comes. But he was yery much in love with his young wife. He handled her out of the family omnibus carefully, and the very prettiest ankle and the .tiniest shoe peeped out for a moment as she stepped down before one of the . big hotels on Trafalgar square. As she tripped up the broad, carpeted stairs to her room, there was a look of great happiness in her eyes. And is my dear girl qnite happy ? said Sir Robert. Young Lady Lisburn (she was tall and pleasant looking) turned to him affectionately. " Your dear girl," she said, "has had her worries in her life. She had one bin worry." " How big ? " ^ Lady Lisburn widened her arms to give an idea of the size. "■ Bat it's all over now, and I am very happy, Robert." "Perhaps," said he, "perhaps the dear girl will tell me all abont it some day." " She may—some day," said the young bride, flushing. • " Just now she is so contented that she doesn't want even to think about it." The next morning they went off to the Engadine. -It was two months later when they returned, trunks and portmanteaus plastered all over with square and circular labels—Hotel Belle vue, and Hotel Beau Rivage, and a lot of others. Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked very jolly and well. There were letters waiting for Lady Lisburn. She read them in- her bed room. As Bhe saw the writing on one of the envelopes, she grew red and then very white. She pernsed the letter again and again, with hands trembling and a face that locked into the mirror with a brightened look. Then she turned off the- electric light and sank on her knees and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove out a good deal, visiting; but young Lady Lisburn looked ill and out of sortB, and scarcely spoke to her husband. He seemed to be repelled by her coldness. Once or twice she tried to rouse herself j but the look of worry quickly came back, and her husbind, placid and even as he was, could not help feeling disturbed. One evening, in the latter part of the week, Lady Lisburn was sitting at the open window of their room, her face resting on her hand,, looking out into the square and seeing nothing. A page entered with a foreign mes sage. She opened it, read the type written words, and crumpled quickly the sheet in her hand as Sir Robert came m. ." I want to say something to you, Robert,' she said in a shaky voice. He came over to her. " b want to go away from you for a Few weeks." " A few weeks ? " he repeated blankly. "A few weeks. Unless you want me to be a miserable woman all nay life, you must let me do this. Let me go ; and when I come back I shall fee quite jolly, and I shall love you more than ever, and we—" My dear, said Sir Robert, " yon are perfectly unreasonable! You are not yourself—" " Unfortunately I am," interposed the young wife, sadly. " Or.yon wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous thing. Row, love, just you go to bed early to-night and have a good rest, and yon will be ail nght m the morning." you don't let me go, Robert, I v n never k® able to rest again. I shall be- nothing bnt a curse to you and a miseiy to myself for all my life. Do let me go." "My dear love," said Sir Robert, rising with a veiy decided air, "if you absolutely, refuse to tell me the motive For your disappearance, I absolutely re rose to let yon go/' " Then I—then I must go without your permission." bhe said this without defiance and in the hnmblest way. , ' Bobert went downstairs and stood at the hotel door for a few minutes, i smoking bis cigar rather quickly. Then he turned and went to the telephone room and looked in the book and rang up. Lady Lisburn, white and set of face returned to her room and prepared for nor journey. • Wat *,8nrprise to Sir Bobert to find in the hall, not ten minutes later, the m&n; whom he had telephoned. He i was a burly,, scarlet-faced man, and he gave his. card to Sir Robert with an awkward, fet bow. « Thomas Besteb, ^ ayre, Sweever and Company, Inquiry Beste'0"16 int° tWs room' Mr~ .. Bester wiped his boots with ocular care." pJbSr Iike *00,e'hi°«10 di Mr Bester pulled his waistcoat d Ati sI,'ghtIy. and eaid thai didn t know as a drop of whisky, w ao him any particular harm. At rare, he said (he said this with the of a man prepared for any experim ■in the interests of science) he'd try. bir Robert ordered a large whi f*ij instructions that he was tc told when Lady Lisburn left the hot -We need not hurry until that 1: pens," said Sir Robert. He explained to Mr Bester what < required- There was to be no fi an#?and no interfere! i tLt * . er tad to do was to fol ay Lisburn, and if she was in i danger towire Sir Robert at once, i .himseJf take; suet -steps .M. he mil tmnk were necessary, "That's the way," said Mr Besl >ke tkinS8 Much better m the long run. I out to know. Ive been at it in the Yi . I. suppose you have had soi interesting cases to deal with." remark bir- Robert, politely. Mr Bester stood np and looked mmselfan the mirror, for a moment, ai then sat down again heavily. " T^® m°5' interesting," he said, "a them that nobody don't deal with " Mr Hester took another sip from h tumbler and essayed to rest one kneec the other, but found the position for gentleman ofhis rotundity uncomfortabl and relinquished the endeavor. _ "Lo°k, here, Sir Robert," said W Bester, 'here's a case in point. Ju ™„y°° m«y call a little incidem This, taking a wax match from the bo and sticking it upright on the table, "this is Mr Bertie Ellenborongh ; and this," taking another and sticking upright, " this is Miss—Miss Wbatsher name. Really, I forgit the name. How ever, that don't matter." i The door opened softly, Out neither of the men noticed it. " Very well, then. Few years ago Mr Bertie EUensborough (that's this one) knows Miss Whatshemame (that's this one) ; and she loves him and writes him warm, rapturous letters — letters that she would be ashamed now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind yon. Mr Bertie comes up to town, forgets her, goes to the bad, slips himself oft to America and gets worse and worse. He becomes hard up, and what does he do, then, but blackmail Miss Whatshername." " Mean rascal!" exclaimed Sir Robert, heartily. "Blackmails her. I happens to go out to trace a chap, and I meets Mr Bertie in a bar, and he tells me all about it." " Ought to be hanged !" remarked Sir Robert. "But that isn't the worst. I tells him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a bit; and tben Mr Bertie goes one better, and assures me that be burned those letters long ago, and he was only pretending he'd still got tbem. That beats anything, don't it ? There a scamp for yon! Making a regular income out of it, too." " Girl married, I wonder ? " " So I understand," said Mr Bester. " Poor girl!" said Sir Robert " wonder who her husband is ?'' " Sir Robert! " said a voice. They bad not turned on the light, and the room was growing dark. " My love ? " he said. " They told me yon wanted to see me," said Lady Lisburn; " and, my dear, I'm —I'm not going. I could not have known what I was talking abont jnst now." " My dear heart! " exclaimed Sir Robert, delightedly. " Tell me what it was that was worrying you ? " " Why, absolutely nothing," answered his wife, decidedly; " there was no excuse for it." They took each other's hands. " Shall I look in again, Sir Robert? " said Mr Bester, respectfully. He had been standing aside, and pretending, with excellent savoir faire, to look out of the window. " Ob, I beg pardou, Bester ! " said Sir Robert. " No, you needn't look in again, I'll send your people a cheque for your trouble. 