« HAMLET" ON THE STAGE. In view of the appearance of Mr. Walter Bentley _ as Hamlet, a note on some of the famous impersonators of this charaoter in the past may prove interesting. Prom Shake speare's time down to that of Eechter, the actors who achieved most celebrity in the part were only 15 in number, although there have, of course, been many Hamlets of lesser note. Nor does this list include the names of such modern Hamlets of distinction as that of Henry Irving in England, Edwin Booth in America, and Tommaso Salvini and Ernesto Rossi in Italy. The first stage Hamlet was Richard Burbage, the greatest actor of Shakespeare's day. Born about the year 15G(i, he was the original of a dozen of Shakespeare's characters on the stage, including Shyloek, Richard III., Romeo, Henry V., Othello, Lear, Macbeth, Coriolanus, and Hamlet. Burbage, like Gar riok and Kean, was short in stature, and at the time when Hamlet was brought out had be come somewhat corpulent; hence, apparently, che line in the last act of Hamlet, spoken of the Prince by Queen Gertrude, " He's fat, and scant of breath." Unfortunately, no record of the manner in whioh Burbage acted Hamlet has come down to us, a fact which is to be regretted, inasmuch as the actor was instructed in the part by the great dramatist himself. Of his fame in Shakespearian interpretations there is, however, no question ; and of all these im personations his Hamlet takes highest rank. The second Hamlet of note was Thomas Betterton (1635-1710), the leading actor of the Restoration. He played chiefly under the management of Sir William Davenant, who is to be credited with the introduction of proper Ecenery and costumes to the stage. Betterton, who first played Hamlet at the age of 27, in stantly "electrified his audience" in the character. Thereafter the tragedy was fre quently revived, with Betterton as the Prince, and with such success that its financial record was not equalled at the time by any other production. Colle.v Oibber, in his masterly "Apology," a book which is full of admirable criticism on the art of acting, has left a graphic word picture, too long, unfortunately, to quote in full, of Betterton'a Hamlet. Betterton's first scene with the ghost was particularly impressive. He opened it with "a pause of mute amaze ment ; then rising slowly to a solemn, trem bling voice, he made the ghost equally terrible to the spectator a3 to himself, and in the descriptive part of the natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him the boldness of his expostulation was still governed by decency, manly, but nob braving, his voice never rising into that seeming outrage or wild defiance of what he naturally revered." Betterton, whose Hamlet was characterised by filial tenderness and dignity, created no less than 130 charac ters during his long and honorable career. His successor was the illustrious David Gar rick (1716 1779), who first acted Hamlet in Dublin iu the summer season of 1742. having for his Ophelia no less a person than Margaret Woflington, whose name was taken by Charles Reade and Tom Taylor for the heroine of "Masks and Eaces." The popularity of the young Hamlet in the Irish capital was extra ordinary. The people were infected with the : 1 Garrick fever," and this Hamlet of 26 was dubbed "Ro3cius,"an affectation which did not turn the youthful player's bead. The Dublin verdict was endorsed by that of London Garriok, like Betterton, made h s greatest effect in the ghost scenes. " When he first saw the vision the fear with whica he seemed to be filled immediately communicated itself to hi3 audience. Hi3 expostulations, though warm and imperative, were yet re strained by a filial awe. The progress of his impassioned sensation until the ghost beckoned him to retire was accompanied with an ad mirable mixture of terror and reverence." A characteristic of Garrick's Hamlet was the note of filial piety struck in the first scene with the ghosb. He was also excellent in the various soliloquies, making his greatest effect in the speech commencing "0 what a rogue and peasant slave am I." Garrick's pathos in the conclusion of Hamlet's exortation with his mother wa3 also particularly fine. "Davy," who was perpetually endeavoring to improve Shakespeare, made a wild and wonderful ver sion of "Hamlet." Among other things he completely whitewashed Laertes, and he ex punged the characters of the gravediggers and young Osric. Laertes was also at first pro vided with a dying speech, which was so well received by the audience that it was Epeedily transferred to Hamlet. Garrick's Hamlet was followed by that of John Henderson (1747-1785), familiar in stage history as the " Bath Roscius." Henderson, as Shyloek, successfully challenged comparison with Maeklin, bub he is most famous for his Ealstaff. His Hamlet,v nevertheless, had its good points, chief of which was the exquisite music of his voice in the apostrophe " the fair Ophelia." But the Garrick worshippers would have none of him as Hamleb. They found faul b with him for throwing away the portrait of his uncle in the famous scene bebween the Queen and . Hamlet, and, again, for retaining it, after the dessertation on the brothers. Nor did he manage his hat properly on seeing the ghost! Bub his most heinous offence lay in the famous closet scene, in which he did not upset the ehair according to tradition. " Mr. Gar rick, sir, always overthrew the chair," com plained the adherents of the great little man. George Frederick Cooke (1756-1S12), who excelled greatly in other characters, was a complete failure as Hamlet, who was converted by him into "an unpolished, obstinate, sar castio madman." The three Kembles—John Philip, Charles, and Stephen—all Tied Hamleb, the m03b suc cessful of the trio b mg the eider, John Philip (1757-1S23), who, uuanks to the influence of hia sister, Sarah Siddons, made his first appearance on the boards of Drury Lane Theatre on September 30, 1S73, as the Dane. Kemble's Hamleb in those early days was "too scrupulously graceful." In later years Hazlitt was moved to unusual admiration of his imper sonation:—"There he was, the sweet, the graeelul, the gentlemanly Hamleb. The scholar's eye shone in him with learned beauty; the soldier's spirit decorated his person ; the beauty of his performance was its retrospective air, its intensity and abstraction; his youth seemed delivered over to sorrow. Later actors have played the part with more energy, walked more iu the sun, dashed more at effecb, piqued themselves more on the girth of a foil; but Kemble's sensible lonely Hamlet has not been surpassed." Kemble's Hamleb was eminently scholarly and intellectual, but too studiously graceful and too cold to be entirely effective. Stephen Kemble, who was so obese that he played Ealstaff without padding, occasionally attempted Hamlet for his benefit, when the lines, O, that this too, too Bolid flesh would melt, Thaw, and resolve it-elf into a dew, provoked the smiles rather than the sympathy of the audience. A famous Hamlet of the early part of the century wa3 Charles Mayne Young (1777-1856). His great hits were made in the intensity and vigor of the play scene and in the fencing scene. Hi3 Bcenes between Hamleb and Ophelia and between Hamlet and the Queen lacked tenderness. Edmund Kean (1787-1833) played Hamlet at Drury Lane ior the first time on March 12, 1814, having two months previously saved the theatre from ruin by bis magnificent performance of Shyloek. His Hamleb cannot take rank with his Othello, Shyloek, or Iago. In several respects it was the traditional stage Hamlet. In many scenes the virulence of his Hamleb was out of place, and iu others, notably in the last act, where he exclaims, "'Tis I, Hamleb, the Dane," he wanted force. He created a fine effect in the scene with Ophelia, at the end of which Kean used to return from the very extremity of the Bfcage, take Ophelia's hand, kiss it with tender rapture, look mournfully upon her wibh eyes full of beautiful significance, and then rush off the stage. Macready's Hamlet was monoto nous, harsh, and severe; Bucoessful only in the play scene. Charles Kean's Hamlet was care ful and polished, but painfully Iaohrymoseand extremely slow. Eechter was ineffective in the play and closet scenes, making his best hit in the scene with Ophelia. Sympathetic, deli cate, handsome, and with long flaxen curls, quivering, sensitive nostrils, fine eye and sym pathetic voice, he perfectly represented the graceful prince, but he did not touch the tragic stop in his rendering of Hamlet. That care should be exercised by house holders in drawing water from the taps is shown by a collection of small members of the finny tribe which passed through the pipes at Prospect "West. Mr. Charles Soaroe, who lives in that district, has shown us nine small butterfisb, the largest of which is about 2 in. long, which he secured from a tap on Thurs day evening. One of them passed through, bud the others choked the tap. and on re moving it eight were obtained, two being alive and the rest dead. These unexpected visitors would show the necessity of caution in the use of tap water. A public meeting will be held at the Cham ber of Manufactures this evening to consider what steps should be taken to provide a profit able markeb for the fruit produce of South Australia. 