RETRIBUTION. o (IIAPTITE I. Is the City proper the light was less than elsewhere. The places of com mereo towered up into the gloom, and i made deeper the shadows at their feet. v That curiously-impressive sound the t tramp of many feet, undisturbed by conflicting sounds, struck otrangly on 1 the listening ear; had there indeed been car to lihed or listen. But in the ,multitude that moved to and fro there, none had thought but to t hasten on the;r errand, whatever of all humanity's strange errands that might be; and the tramp of the feet was as unheeded as the tramp unheard of the t flying hours. Hoard in the babel of a large city's i multiform traffic, this sound of multi tudos passes unnoticed; but when p other traffic is away, then this passing s of many feet has an insistent language of its own. h Every stop means so much: that I oeaselbos sound is the outcome of so much of human energy directed where? The lamps began to twinkle through y the darkening twilight; the throngs began, slightly but perceptibly, to thin ; the sound of the horse-hoofs on the asphalt, as station-hanging cabs or westward-bound 'busses passed by, I struck a more distinct note above the 1 lessoning sound of the myriad-footed t crowd; the first signs of night began to show-the night of rest, not the r night of turmoil. Speeding swiftly eastwards, a han- r som passed quickly through the streets. e Vehicular traffic there was scarcely any, but the people thronging from the I pavement into the roadway compelled e the driver to stay his pace every now and thou, and to reveal his desires and inclinations in language of strength c and fervour. Quickly though he drove he was ever hurried by his fare, and to each importunity he responded by a cut at his willing horse, followed by sundry words of emphasis to himself. As he neared the bank the throngs enroaohod, at least in Johu's ostima tion (and indeed in most of his kid ney's, the action of her 1Majesty's lieges in walking the public highways is an act of impudent onroaehmont), more and more on the roadway, and though John's languago increased in t volume and frequency of application, he made slower way than he had before. " Cannot you got along quicker ?" asked his fare, and a white hand pus`ld the gilt and jewelled handle of an elaborate umbrella against the little trap-door in the hausom's roof, and a full, pleasant but troubled voice reached cabby's ears. "'Taint my fault, mum," answered he; " them fools " (there was a qualifying epithet prefixed) " thinks the blessed road was made for them, I do think. Now then, you," he con tinued, as he swept past a refuge from which some nervous wayfarers were endeavouring to escape, " p'raps you'd like me to stop and carry you hover, yer blamed fossil ?" Keep back, can't yor ?" His wheels grazed against the curb stone, and caused the elderly female to whom the above remark had been addressed to draw back with a wild shriek. '. Ohl you owdacious villain I" cried her companion, " a-startlin' folks like that. You deserve-" But the cab had passed on, and the disoomfited female wasted her objec tions on the unheeding air and the ears of a grinning match-boy, who forthwith raised a derisive howl and jeered. A couple of loafers, standing in what may be termed their profes sional attitude, on the other side of the road, had watched the little scene with some amusement, and shouted consolation in tones the reverse of consolatory to the females in distress. " Wot brings a Weost-ouder down 'ere so late ?" asked one of them. "It's too late for a dinner, ain't it ?" asked the other in return. " An 'e was a-goin' too- Blowed if he hain't down I" he added, looking after the disappearing hansom. "'E's gone a bit too go a-head this journey. Lot's go and see wot's up," said the first. And the two worthies hurried off to where a crowd had already collected round the luckless cab. When they came up they could see at a glance what had happened. Shaving a corner rather more closely than was consistent with safety at the speed he was going, the driver, to avoid getting on the pavement, had pulled his horse inju diciously at the wrong moment. Crossed legs and a spill was the con. sequence. The two loafers elbowed their way through the crowd, and pushed to where the driver was engaged in loosening the harness, to enable the fallen horse to rise. "Now, then, some on yor; can't yeor lend a hand, 'stead o' gaping there like a passil of idiots. Hall right, mum-hall right. You just be still and set back, and we'll 'ave 'im up in a twiulnilin'," he wenton, chang his tone, to his fare, who seemed in clined to get out. "Oh I what shallI do? I am so late, and it's most important," she oex claimed; and then followed, though in another language, words which, had they been understood by the people, would have taken the palm of vitu peration from John, and given it to Joehu's fare. But the people did not understand. "All right," repeated a friendly, if husky and whisky.savoured, voice. "'E knows w'ot 'o's a-doin of. You sit still," for the lady showed signs of attempting to leave the cab again; "we'll hang on Ibehind a bit in a minute, an' you'll be hup like a hangol," finished the speaker, pro bably at a loss for a simile, for neither the proposed method of raising her, nor the person addressed, quite fitted in with even a rudimentary notion of angels. If indeed anyth;ng of the angelic were to be diorstrred in the latter, it was a fashion of angel not usually referred to by wpy of compliment; and descont, not ascent, had been the motion most appropriately suggested. A pale imperious face, with grcat dark eyes that, under heavily.marked eyebrows, looked more ready to flash into wrath than molt in tears ; a full ensuous mnouth, whose parted lips heowed to strong white teeth; a stray curl or two of dark hair, showing under the hood of an opera cloak which covered her dress, and partially hid her facs. Those, and a white, shapely but largo hand, which supported her against the side of the hansom front, with a faint but ponetrating and per sistent perfume, at any rnto were of the earth, and if of her fairest, yet earthly. Earthly or otherwise, they exor cised a powerful fascination on one of the loafers who had run up. Yet, learned in the strange learn ing of his order to discriminate closely, and judge with rare penetration the position and general " placing " of all sorts and conditions of men, he was not greatly abashed by either her beauty or her luxury, and leaning a little forward into the cab, he said: " Hit's all right, my leddy, least ways your highness; and perhaps yer laddyship will stand us poor thirsty coves a drain w'en us 'as got the 'ose up. It's thirsty work,your leddy- " " Take your dirty face away," broke in her "leddyship," with unexpected fores and effect; and she brought the handle of her umbrella quickly near the face so close to her own, and which certainly deserved the adjective applied to it. " Oh I euttinly, yer leddyship," answeord the loafer. " 'Ere you there stand back, this'ore duchesswantsair." And he made as though to wave the people; the crowd was increasing as such crowds do. " Beg pardon, my loddy,".he said, again coming close to the cab. " No offence meant. Only yor sooee-- A threatening movement of the umbrella, and a cry from those with the horse interrupted him. " Now then, Bill, what are yer a doin' ? 'Aug on be'ind, can't yer ? " And the other loafer who had been assisting the driver-the whole thing had been a matter of but a few mo ments- ran round to the back of the cab. The driver came round hastily, gathered his reins up, clambered into his seat; a out with the whip, a struggle, the men behind dragging the hansom back, aud'the horse was on its logs again. "'Ere, ain't the lady a-goin' to stand ? " cried a chorus of voices. " Got out o' the way," sang out Johnu. "Drive on, cabby. How stupid all this is I Fest as you can I " " She's a plucked 'un," thought cabby ; and whipping up his horse he sent the cab spinning on again. But the loafer called Bill ran at its side, and trying to mount the step, called out : " Come, don't be hard, your leddy ship, give us the price- " Ieo got no further. The woman in the cab pushed at him with her umbrella; the driver out at him with his whip; the horse, nervous after its recent fall, swerved violently ; and Bill, the loafer, vainly trying to keep foothold of the step, tripped on it and fell into the road way, one of the wheels passing over him as he lay. The driver half-checked his horse when he saw the man down, but the woman's voice, eager and imperative, forbade him to stop. " Go on," she said; " it serves that brute right. I shall never got there to-night. Go on I " And the cabman, reflecting on the probable consequences of stopping, and the certain gain if lie obeyed and went on, did obey, and drove swiftly into the thickening darkness. Bill, the loafer, lay senseless on the pavement. The cab wheel had passed right over him, and he was without doubt badly hurt, if not dying. " Got a peeler," called out some one. And half-a-dozen urchins started off to find the representative of law and government. " Better get 'im'to 'ospital. Friend o' yours 2" asked another of his kind, of the wounded man's friend. "I knows 'im," answered that worthy, "and I knows the chap as drove the kob. If Bill ain't agoin' under, 'o may 'ave a deal at this; an' if 'e do- well- " " An' if 'o do, you'll 'ave a look in, I s'poso 2" The loafer nodded. " Well, we can all on us swear any. thing yor wants," said another gentle man at ease, who after carefully ex amining the senseless body before him to see if there was anything annexable about it, stood looking about him. " All right, mates. Who is he ?" " Oh I Wost-onder." "Here's the bobbies I" cried a voice as a measured tramp fell on their ears. " Well, good night, mates; we'd best be movin'." And as they molted into the ob. scurity about them the crowd van ished away; only his friend and a few urchins stayed. The police had a stretcher with them, and Bill was soon on his way to the hospital. " You'd better come too," said the sergeant of police to the loafer; " and who are you ?" " Jack Bates, Dials," responded he, in an injured tone. " Ah I" said the sergeant, looking at him keenly; " well, tell us about this as we go." "Couldn't catch that cab to-night, nohow," muttered Mr. Bates to him. self. "But to-morrow, Master Bob, we'll see about things. Yes, sir, I'll tell yer. Poor chop I" nodding his head at the stretcher. " Don't look like telling for hissclf, do 'e ?" And he proceeded to give whatever version of the occurrence he judged best fitted to promote his own plans. CELAPTER Ir. The cab that had for the time checked Bill the loafer's career of use fulness, and condemned Mr. Bates of the Dials to the society that he at all times and in all circumstances objected to, loft the scene of its unlucky con S tretomsps behind it; and with a speed that left no chance of complaint poe sible, went on to its journey's end. Turning sharply down one of the narrow, alloy-like streets which lie ai round and about the Bank, it, half- ol way down one of them, known a wherever gold has power and ex changes are quoted, in the civilised tl world, almost stopped; and then cc turning suddenly, entered a yet nar- tI rower, more gloomy street, or carriage- N way, and seemed therein to be ll swallowed from light and sound. k The indiarubber tires made abso- n lutely no noise hero; the solitary n lamp at what seemed to be the end of the cul-de-sac, made the surrounding d gloom the greater; and as the cab a rolled swiftly and noiselessly on it w needed no great play of imagination h to conjure up surroundings and li settings ghastly and mysterious as morbid horror might desire. h The occupant of the cab had shown d she was not easily startled or dis- o mayed; but the sombre dimness of ti this place impressed her. She was hardly a woman of vivid n imagination ; but oven to her worldly a intelligence and common-place view a of things this home of haunting a silence appealed with no little dis quieting force. " Bah I" she laughed to herself; o but she knew the laugh was as the it whistling of the cowed schoolboy, who d wants to show he is not afraid. a " What nonsense. And in a street in i the city, too I No ghosts, but dead and done-with ledgers and unmet fl bills here I " Maybe so, but the old ledgers have their ghosts, perchance ; silent fingers e that turn again and again the fateful fi leaves among whose wearingly-neat a entries lies the secoret of lost honour or merited shams. I Yet the thought came over her fh whether she wanted it no: did one r want to quietly put anyone safely away-use the utterest throat or force r of compulsion, where, even in the I city, might unscrupulous evil more t securely work its will than in these v day-thronged, night-deserted piles ? g The cab stopped at last near the p end of the streeet, but far enough i away from the lamp to make the dark ness here the gloomiest of all. L The driver descended. t " Shall I ring, mum ?" he asked. f "You are sure this is right ?" she t questioned in turn. " Oh, yes I this is the right place, right enough," answered cabby, open- t ing the cab-doors. " I've driven here afore now mum, you know." "Cunningham and Co. is their name, then ? " again asked the lady. I She seemed strangely reluctant to t descend. "Yes, mum; 'ere it is," said Jehu. ( " Shall I ring ?" "Yes, please. Press once, then I wait and press twice, quickly." 1 The man did as he was ordered; I then waited. The woman sat motionless in the cab. The silence seemed an actual pro- I sence. Intercepted by the huge piles of I buildings, the sound of the traffic in the distant streets hardly seemed more than a now and then faintly audible moment; the very spirit of c some haunting thing of mystery seemed to brood over this empty hushed place, where but a few hours ago had thronged and throbbed the c most active and most every-day of c lives. It was a relief when, the horse moving, made a jingle of steel and stone. The cabman seemed affected by the stillness. " Gloomy old holes, these, ain't they, mum ? " he observed when he had rung his second summons, as she had directed him. " Last time as I was hero, you wouldn't 'a thought they ,. could look so queer and lonesome," he went on ; " pine as full o' gents as old cheese o' mites, an' all as busy and lively as they could be." " You often drive \Ir. Cunningham, then ?" asked the woman. "Pretty oftouish, mum." A close observer might have noticed a certain tone of familiarity through all his out ward respect of manner. "I drives the gent as is Mr. Cunningham, ore." " Ah I " said the woman; and lean ing out from the cab, she looked curi ously at the cabman. He was a superior specimen of his kind; yet for all that such a one as the observant may note on the sent of the better-class of the West End han som. Perhaps of all the mixed orders of men, none are so mixed as the Lon don cabby. From the grimy driver of tho night "prowler," who looks as though nature had intended him for a rag-and bone man, and whose garments seem to have beoon selected from a dust heap, to the flash driver of the fashion able "Forder," whose general appear ance and turn-out would look as much, at least, at homo inside as outside his cab; all sorts and conditions of men in very truth seem to find their way to the elevated, if not dignified, seat of a London hackneoy carriage-driver. The driver who now stood looking baock at his fair interlouontrix was, per haps, something between those nx Stremes, but nearer the " Forder" than tithe " prowler." Ho was a well-sot-up fellow enough, with a certain air that suggested Sspurred heeools and the pants of a huzzar. Curly light hair and a long moustacho gave a pleasant tone to a face somewhat too full and highly Scoloured to fit any reoognisod standard t of manly beauty. Light blue eyes, that shifted too much for all their boldness of regard, completed a tout ensemble not without its points, and of the advantages of I which he seemed to be fully aware. 'TlThere was an assuredness in his look which told he was either exceed ingly sure of his own standing, or pro foundly doubtful of hers. 1 Whatever her intention had been it changed; and the man went on, hardly seeoming to notice her pause and evident hositation: " Oh !I knows, mum." A subtle \- intonation conveyed that in his mind, Sat any rate, there lay something of I mockery in that monosyllable of re I spect. " Mum's the word. I knows. A nod and a blind 'oss." " Thero's a light I" exclaimed the Swoman, preparing to alig ht. A light flickered on one window and another of the great building in front of them, as though someone were moving through room after room. b " Messrs. Cunningham & Co. 'as ti their offices at the back," said the cabman; and again there was some. thing in his tone which made the n woman look at him; he returned the I look with one which might be termed knowing and a gesture that a little b more would have made an importi. ii nence. ii The woman stood ready to get e down. He advanced and held his g arm to protect her dress from the v wheels. She refused his other which v he offered to assist her, and stepped t; lightly to the ground. I " Mum," said he, standing close to her, and speaking in a tone of confi- p deuce, " I'd say nothin' about our bit fi o' a bother. Mr. C- might not a take it well. In course, if anythink t comes on it, I shall say nothin' about my fare; never se'ed it before nor arter; though I makes bold as to say b as 'ow you'd stand to a cove, as far a as payin' a bit to help 'im." "What do you mean ?" t' " Why, if that chap as we knocked over is much hurt, they'll be for find. s ing out the keb, and p'raps they'll dock my license. And that ud' be h awkward. And they might get a-ask- a ing questions about you." II The light came nearer through n flight after flight of the building. a " But what do you want ?" The man came nearer, with the confidential air of one assured of a favourable receipt of what he had to say. b " Why, mum, a leddy like you must have lots of chances. of placin' a a fellow. Might want a servant-I'm rare an' bandy-yourself." His look dwelt upon her with a i regard that there was little mistaking. c He gave his moustache a twist. Look, a tone, gesture, all were those of man a who was making a proposition of t greater meaning than his words im plied, and who felt confident both in I it and himself. c The woman he addressed drew t back a little, and there was some thing in the action which brought a flush to the man's face; while noting the haughty grace of her movement, a fierce light came into his eyes. "Really, my good fellow, I don't understandyou," she said. "Icertainly see no need to mention anything, but if Mr. Cunningham-" For her life she could not help hesitating over the name, and in her turn she felt an angry flush rise to her cheeks, as she was conscious of a certain look of mutual intelligence which crossed his face as she did so. But the hood of her cloak concealed her face, and,' he could not see, she thought. " Yes, mum." "If Mr. Cunningham wants an ex planation of our lateness, I must tell him." She must be upset by the delay, the bother ofithe;aeoident, the oppressive gloom and secrecy of her visit here and its surroundings, she thought; or why had her self-possession failed her so; she was not given to losing it. " Suttinly, mum; only I'd say nothin' about that chap, that's all. An' you know wot I mean well enough. We understand one an other-" " I do not understand you," she broke in, haughtily, drawing her figure up, while the cabman eyed her intently. "I do not understand you; but I think I shall have something else to tell Mr. Cunningham which will ac count, perhaps, both for our accident and your extraordinary talk." " Beg pardin, mum," and he stop. ped to the cab and moved one of the .lamps, evidently intending to use it to secure a good look at her. "Beg your pardin', mum," he repeated, "but that's not it." He turned from the cab to look at her again; but she stood where the cab lights did not reach her, and he could see nothing but the tall figure hidden in its wraps. " In course, if you means nasty He stopped abruptly. The great outer door was opened, and a figure holding a lamp appeared within it. " Here's Mr. Cunningham, mum," he went on, with a complete change of tone. "We've had a bit of a spill, sir," touching his hat; "and that's made me late." He stole a short, keen glance at the hood-hidden face, and wont on : " The mare crossed its legea-turnin'," sir, and come down. But there's no damage." The woman with a sigh of relief, weont up to the man holding the lamp. " Ah 1" she exclaimed, " it is you. I'm here at last." "Yes, at last," repeated a low, and yet curiously distinct voice, "and a pretty last, too I" He turned to the man. " What is this about a spill, you say ? You must be a pretty fool, eh 2" He still spoke quietly; but there was a change, not great but strongly marked, and a power of insistence that seemed to insist on an answer. The driver drew himself together sharply. "Yes sir, as I was a-sayin', the mare crossed 'er legs an' come down, an' we was delayed a goodish bit. An' the streets was bad to get along, sir." " Yes," chimed in the woman, " and I could not got off very quickly, though I made as much haste-" "You knew you would -have to " I know; but that did not help to dress me any the quicker when the time did come." " Well, come in. It's an infernal nuisance being kept so ; but come in." He, after all, had not been delayed, if delayed at all, more than a few minutes perhaps; but he was a man who strongly believed that the more you asked the more easily you ob tained it. And he acted on his belief. " Wait," hlie said, to the cabman. Then turning, he throw the light on the hall behind him, and motioned his companion forward. With a slight half- shiver she obeyed him, and entered the dark building, the outside gloom of which had so struck her. Within the darkness and gloom seemed intensified. The sickly glare of the lamp fell but a little way into this almost tangible blacknoss about them. " This way," said her guide; and crossed the entrance-hall, and began mounting a large stairway which loomed before them. Seen in the daylight the place had been common-place enough ; but now in the mysterious gloom, the strangely impressive silence, in the vague un- i easiness which possessed her, the guest in thoese dumb chambers felt wofully depressed; and it was not without a considerable effort that she tried to say lightly, succeeding but in differently well : "I did not know you had sueh palaces in this city. How much further ?" for the stairway still coiled above them far beyond the lamplight to penetrate. "Palaces I pouf I" answered her companion. "They are measly holes, but they build a lot of them together, and it makes an outside show." "Do you often stay here late as this ?" she asked, presently. The ascent tried her; and she half stooped, leaning against the wall. "Blown ?" questioned the man, half-stooping too. "Never knew you short-winded before. Do I stop so late ? Not often I Shouldn't be hero now but for your confounded dawdling and that idiot's bad driving." "I'm so sorry," she made answer; "but I don't think we either could help it." "And does that make it any the better ?" A low snarl ran through the speaker's tones. " If a man wants to go against you and goes, well, you take it out of him if you can, or bide your time if you can't. But you know it's something definite you have to go for ; but when any ill chance happens by downright bad luck-like your upset to-night (I shall pitch into Bob, there; but I know it's not his fault really, and I only give it him because he's handy to swear at and let off steam), why, you feel mad to think it's something you oan't get at-never can get at ourse it I" (To be continued.) 