TUE WEEK. A. NEWLY-ERECTED house at Dubbo has been the ' scene of similar occurrences to ! those which took place at KOBE BUCOLIC tbe Maclean, and of which SPOOKS. a widow woman waa the . .. viotim, The proceedings of the mysterious practical j okera folio w generally on the lines of the tormentors of ."'thev .widow. Pieces of wood, iron, and mortar, &c;, are thrown by unseen hands. Belle are rung, windows tapped, and various other sights and Bounds pro- duced through equally inexplicable agencies. And these things occur in broad daylight as well as at night. Sceptics as to spiritual manifesta- tions of any kind must certainly become more confirmed in their views when they aro asked to believe that ghosts can come from the grave for apparently no other pur- pose than that of indulging in pranks which, along with being malicious, are decidedly stupid to the last degree. With respect to the Maclean disturbances there was strong reason for concluding that some persons with more foolish ill-nature than brains had really adopted that tom of persecu- tion. It must be so too with regard to the mysterious annoyances at Dubbo. ? SIR EDWARD HEED, M. P. for Cardiff, has made an alarming statement. Ile has named twelve ships of the A WARNING British Navy which he thi nks VOICE. - would " turn turtle " like the Victoria if rammed, owing to their defective build. Sir Edward, it will be remembered, is the whilom Gladstonian supporter who turned turtle himself on the Grand Old Man on the question of Home Rule. However, it is by no means to be suggested that Sir Edward's personal experience in that regard has uncon- sciously affected his judgment ai to the British Navy. He is, of course, well known as an authority on such a subject. He is a distinguished naval constructor. K is still to be hoped that in this case the note which he has eounded is a somewhat exaggerated one. If not, England ma; one day find herself actually involved in such a catastrophe as that pictured in thc events which were supposed to have led up to that imaginary " battle of Dorking," described by a mili' tary expert some twenty years ago, He represented England as suddenly laid open to invasion by the unexpected breal down, and the wholesale destruction of, hei first bulwark-the Channel Fleet » IN the days of Lord Beaconsfield^ glorj when as well as being the admired cus< todian of England's " honor " ic HERAT. Europe he was. anxiously look- ing for a " scientific frontier' to her Indian Empire, a good dea used to be heard of Herat. There usec to be repeated announcements of RuSsiai movements in that direction. Oddb enough there was a popular notioi that Herat, as well as. being i place of strategical importance, wa still what it had been in ancient dare a great city. It has, however, long sine been shorn of its splendor, and has virtual! become a heap of ruins. But, at al events, as a military stronghold in th hands of the Russians, it would, accord ing to some authorities,' includin distinguished Russian ones, have mighty effect on a Russian invasio: of India, and almost ensure its success. N wonder therefore that a rumor to the effe< that the Russians were making arrangemenl foran aotual occupation of Herat shoul have been considered serious enough t telegraph to Australia) but with the sam message comes a contradiction of it. THE jewel robbery last night at Mr. A cock's was certainly one of the most bar« faced things of the kin AN AUDACIOUS which have taken place for THIEF. long while. There was no indeed, so much of original!! in the method of the robber as there was < cool audacity. Some of the oldest trie! of the thieving fraternity are, as everybod must know who reads police réports, of similar sort with that of which the Georgi street jeweller was the victim. So many < a jeweller's wares are of a specially portab description that, of course, a sudden gra« at them and as sudden a bolt are thin$ which might naturally follow one anothi with the utmost rapidity. In most < ouch oasts; however, âdiné attemj has been made to proveut a speedy chase. Throwing pepper in the shopman's eyes has been one of the commonest devices. But in this instance the robber can apparently brmst, like some of the professor s of legerdemain, that his effects were produced" without apparatus." He simply laid hands on the jewels and fled. lt is only to be hoped, -with respect to those who ara on the fellow'e track, that their experience will be a reversal of the nautical proverb . that " a stern chase is a long chase." JOB GODDARD, described in police pro- ceedings as the well-known pugilist, and professionally as the Bar THE PUGILIST rier champion, has, since AT LARGE, his return to his native shores, been giving exhi- bitions of his prowess which have not been preceded in the usual way by puffs and challenges, but which, if they had been thus heralded, would have been of the greatest attraction for the fancy. In Sydney lately Goddard pulled the nose of a reporter, a piece of ruffianism exciting enough for the moment, but which led to no more sensational de- velopment than an appearance in the police court. This little entertainment was improved upon later. It would seem that upon an attempt being made to arrest Goddard at Benalla as an absconding bank- rupt, the Barrier heavy weight returned to a railway carriage, whence he had been summoned by the agents of the law, and for a long time successfully re- sisted the combined efforts of a sergeant and two constables to drag him out. The more one hears of the exploits of pugilists improved by travel ia the Land of the Stars L vr A LITTLE INCIDENT IN DARKEST AFRICA. i and Stripes, or of those of visiting pugilists of American birth, the more one wonders how those worthies when on the other side of the Pacific were ever able to restrain themselves sufficiently to escape summary vengeance. Goddard's assault on the journalist and his resistance to the police, remind one of two of the more recent performance« of that great warn- ing as to what should be avoided in pugilistic manners and morals, J. L. Sul- livan.. Possibly Sullivan had attempted to pull the nose of M<Cluskey, the *t sportn who a week or so "' ago showed such grievous lack of skill with his revolver, but who anyhow succeeded in demonstrating that the wanton offending of "sports" is not a safe game. John L. too had not so very long ago an experience of being arrested by the police when returning from a prize fight in New Orleans, not after his last New -Orleans fight, but his last but one. He tried to resist capture and drew back his arm to smite a constable who had entered a railway car to take him. Upon this the officer in com- mand of the police covered the big man with a certainty of aim that was subse- quently denied to McCluskey, and told him that if he hit he would be shot on the spot. There was no successful resisting of the police after this j the prisoner went very quietly» as doubtless Goddard would have dow hr thar same country and under , the same circumstances. The ewash buckles ways bf pugilist!'in Australia must be áBsumed with, a seti.purpose of taking all possible advantage of the law abiding habits of the people and the mild- ness pf tho ruling powers. THE veteran Captain Devlin, who in Melbourne has just answered to the sum- mons of the " fell sergeant APSUM. was, if what he asserted of himself be true, a decidedly remarkable Australian man of the time. He claimed to be the first Australian boru of an Australian mother che place of his birth being some- where in the neighborhood of our own George's River, and the date 1811\. In these days of extraordinary old men, the death of an octogenarian would in itself be a matter of small sig- nificance, indeed, but in this particular case it is really invested with something of historio interest. THE pictures in London PUNCH of recent days have for the most part been so strictly regulated by PUNCHING A good taste that the "PUNCH " ARTIST, broader spirit of humor by which they were once distinguished has almost wholly disappeared. In fact» in the opinion of many persons, the fun has pretty well evaporated altogether. However, it seems that the well-known cari- caturist, Mr. Harry Furnias, has, though at some personal disadvantage, been reviving the more boisterous tradi- tions of the famous publication. He gave to it what is describad as a hideous carica- ture of Mr. J. G. Swift MacNeili, the Home Eule, member for the south division of Galway. He was likened to a baboon. The indignant patriot accordingly " went for" the artist in the lobby of the House of Commons. An incident of the kind, had it occurred some weeks ago, would no doubt have been muoh more of a subject for gossip than it is likely to be now, when by comparison it must be completely dwarfed by that general melee of which the sacred Chamber of the Commons has itself been so recently the scene. However, if one could wish, like the Archbishop of Granada ia the case of Gil Blas, that Mr. Harry Furnias had shown a little more taste, it is also to be regretted that Mr. MacNeill did not exhibit a little better temper. The general style in which Ireland and Irish- men were caricatured in . the earlier pages of PUNCH was, to say the least of it, exces- sively coarse and ungenerous. Sir C. G. Duffy, in his book on " Young Ireland," speaks wrathfully of PUNCH'S invariable habit in those days of depicting an Irishman with the features of a gorilla. Duffy, of course, may be considered as super-sensitive on such a subject. But impartial Englishmen have expressed themselves quite as strongly on the matter, and attributed not a little of the modern Irish hatred of England to the anti- Irish caricatures of PUNCH. It was said of the English caricaturists of the days of the First Napoleon that once they came to be familiar with the face of the Emperor they, wisely avoided the stupidity of attempting ridiculous distortions of fea tures which were remarkable for their classic regularity. The PUNCH artists im- posed no such restraint on themselves in the case of Irishmen. For example, the late John Mitchell, whose faoe was of an unmistakably refined type,« and who, for the matter of that, was not a man of Celtic breed at all, figured* on the Very last occasion in PUNCH in the regula- tion guise of PUNCH'S gorilla-like " Paddy." However, it is only fair to recognise the fact that PUNCH has displayed more wisdom and good feeling in that respect for many a day, for all the free hand which it seems to have allowed Mr. Harry Furniss in respect of Mr, MacNeill. THE accession of the Buke, of Edinburgh to the Dukedom ot Saxe-Coburg-Gotha has been proclaimed j and. the THE GERMAN Duke has asserted his loy BTRAIN. alty to the German Em- peror, his nephew. It may be a somewhat interesting mat- ter for speculation whether, in certain contingencies which are very easy to imagine, the nephew in this case, with an inversion of that of the Prince of Denmark and his uncle, may prove " a little more than kin and less than kind." It is, now- adays, the fashion to consider England end Germany as natural allies. But people who look a little below the surface of things are by no means too confident on that point. The theories as to the indissoluble ties of religion and blood have too often been ex- ploded by hard facts. In the last cen- tury, at all events, under Frederick the Great what was then as now, though in a different sense, the most formidable member of the great German family, that is to say Prussia, was sometimes fighting on the same . side as England, and sometimes against her. Human passions and ambitions have not varied in their general influence from those days to the present. What would be the position of his Iioyal Highness of Edinburgh in the event of a war between the two nations? His German duchy would perhaps be a more troublesome inheritance than Han- over was in the time of his ancestors, the first Georges. Pitt indeed once declared that Hanover should bo as dear to the people of England as Kent or Hamp- shire ; but not even the reputation of the Great Commoner has saved him from the reproach of having in this instance uttered arrant nonsense. If, indeed, the Duke of Edinburgh should ever have to perceive " a divided duty " between his loyalty to the German Emperor and that which he owes as an English prince, there cannot be mu^h doubt as to what the English nation would be likely to regard as its duty. ? Little Efiio : " Do you love me very much, mamma ?" Mamma (a widow) : " Yes, my darling." Little Effie : " Then why don't you marry the man at the lollie-shop ? " 