THE HEATHEN CHINEE. A Joiin Has to Go. A Talc of the Chinamen, Mr. Kingston lias taken a firm stand on tlio question) and Bays ho will not coun tenance the 'entry into South Australia of any Chinese who havo not paid tho poll- lax in that colony.— Adelaido paper. Wlierupon a correspondent of the Bird touches his harp to the following extent : — In Sydney thoy'ro having a terrible scare, And aro making it lint for Mongolians there; Throughout Australasia they seam to agree 'That thoy'vo had quito enough of the heathen Chinee. What can ho havo done that lie's in such dis grace? . In scarcoly a town does he dare sbowhis face ? No matter how smooth-tongued aud blaud he may bo, Thcy'ro determined to kick ont the heathen Chineo. Ho is steady, good-tempered, and hard-work ing, too, And a great many things he knows well how .to do. But something is wrong, for„you plainly can ' see, Thnt they want to get rid of tho heathen Chiuoc. Of ah things they might havo laid taxes upon, How is it that thoy should have Jixed upon John ? Why didn't thoy lccop a big tax on his tea, Instoad of tho almond-eyed heathen Chineo ? Ho lipplos no spirits, no beer, and no wino, For drinking and swilling is not in his line, And ho soldom or never goos out on tbo spree, But lie smokes till he's drunk, like a heathen Chinee. I have heard that John Chinaman's -guilty of crimes, That it would not bo proper to put iuto rhymes, And if lie was served as such conduct should be. He'd bo whipped till ho howled liko a heathen Chineo. I know that his morals are only so-so ; Ho is very deceitful and dirty I know, But this is not tho reason, botween you and me, That thoy'vo got such a down on tho licathon Chineo. His success as a gardener doubtless is felt, . For growing big cabbages John wears the bolt! ; But Hint's not sufficient to make it a plea, For laying a tax on the heathen Chinee. The truth is — ho causes the wages to fall ; For John can live on almost nothing at all, With a handful of rioo and a eup of Bohea, Ho can faro liko a prince can tho heathen Chinoe. Tho morals of Sydneyitcs aro not so nice ; But what rains John is lie soils under price. And so thoy have issued tho final decree, That Australia's too good for tho heathen Chinee. , I'll give them a hint, and I know it won't fail : Let them mako it unlawful to wear a pig tail, They would then of Mongolians quickly bo free, For the pig tail's the pride of tho heathen Chinee. Yes ! lot it be known that if Chinamen stop ped, They should all of their pig-tails be certainly cropped ; From the country tlioy'd all of them speedily flee ; Not a ghost would be left "of a beatben . Chineo. 