MARVELS OF ELECTRICITY. GRAND DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. [By our Special Correspondent.] Chicago, July 17, 1893. The moment one begins, to write about modern developments of electricity all the ad jectives in the dictionary expressive of astonishment and admiration seem to muster themselves ready for immediate use. After stadying the wonders set forth in the Electrical Building of the World's Columbian Exposition one findB it a hard task = to write calmly and sedately of the marvellous display. To the general observer the infinite variety of the Tiapn fcn which ©lectrioitv is nut ooitWB ss & revelation. To the specialist; theoretical or practical, there is presented an almost be wildering aggregation of the most delicate apparatus and beautiful machinery. It has to be remembered that the Exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative of the re cent advances made by the youngest and greatest of the praotioal sciences. When the Paris Exposition hung out 1,100 arc lights and arrayed 9,000 incandescent lamps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts that effort com pletely in the shade, literally as well as metaphorically, for here there are 5,000 arc lights and no fewer than 110,000 incandescent lamp's. The exquisite loveliness of the night scene when the Court of Honor is lit np with myriads of electric lamps, dotting out every line in the beautiful facades of the Agricultural, Machinery, Electricity, and Manufactures Buildings, tracing with lines of fire the Grecian-like peristyle with its noble columns anfl magnificent surmounting statuary, out lining in the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Building, the architectural gem by universal consent of all the World's lair palaces, running around the marble balus trades that encircle the gleaming waters of the lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow-white colonnades alike a soft effulgence that pales the moonlight, and is more grateful to the eye than the garish glare of the midday sun — this is a scene that words cannot paint. It is, moreover, a scene that electricity alone renders possible. A beautiful accessory is the electric fountains, throwing up columns of rainbow-hued water, from which break clouds of spray, gleaming now like rubies, and a moment hence like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over the lagoon, and darting underneath the bridges, are silently gliding electric launches, which side by side with the picturesque gondolas and gaily-clad gondoliers bring the old and the new so vividly together. Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole range of the park like so many ghost lights, sending cones of effulgence across the broad bosom of Lake Michigan, causing the distant domes and minarets of the Midway Plaisance temples and palaces to glisten like carven pillars of snow, penetrating to the silent prairie a score of miles beyond the roaring city, are the gigantic search lighta which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious Bpectaole to contemplate with the eye, but a yet more wonderful picture to impress upon the mind, for so impressed it will afford for long days to come food for medi tation on the boundless possibilities of electri cal science. Within the four walk of the building specially devoted to electricity it is almost needless to say is the largest and most com plete display of eleotrioal machinery and appliances the world has ever seen. Indeed no department of the whole Exhibition is so thoroughly up to date as the electrical, for the simple reason that the history of the modern applications of electricity is pretty well com pasBed by half a century of years. To realise the extreme youth of the science it is merely necessary to look at the dynamos which were shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1876, and are now at Chicago placed side by side with the moat recent machines as archaeological curiosities. The historical aspects of the display are indeed among itB most intensely interesting feature. The first telephone, the first phonograph, the first arc lamp, the first electrio motor, are all things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts with much the same feelings as one stands within the- pyramids of the Nile and inhales the musty atmosphere impregnated with the dust of mummies 5,000 years old. Let me take my readers first of all to Edison's phonograph pavilion, and let them mark the progress of one brief -deeade. In an honored place stands the first phonograph of the great inventor, a marvellously delicate appliance, but with itS tinfoil barrel a crude machine in deed side by side with the delicately fashioned instrument of to-day,- whose waxen cylinder preserves for all time with the most minute fidelity the faintest waves of sound. Now note a few of tbe recent applications of the phonograph. Fire* is its domestic use— a small table with an abundant supply of tubes is the centre from which* orchestral and vooal music, recitations, &c;, are supplied to all the household whenever desired. Next is the com mercial application, economising labor and time in the offices of merchants, bankers, and other business men. One exemplification shows tubes radiating from «very room to the type-writer's desk, at which, without the medium of shorthand, letters, are transcribed that have been spoken into the machine at any time, and without awaiting the attendance of the stenographer. Thirdly, tbe phonograph is applied to educational pur poses; you take your French, German, Italian, of Spanish grammar and lesson-book, but you not merely master with the eye the vocabulary, declensions, and rules of syntax, but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and again with infinite 'patience, 'and so gives you complete facilities for acquiring the most perfect accent of Paris or Berlin, Rome or Madrid. These are only a few out of scores of applications to which the phonograph is to be put in the home, in the office, and in the study. It is within the near future that the dieadvantagesof deafness will be obviated by the use of the instrument, and it is not too much to say that standing in Edison's pavilion at Chicago we are on the very threshold of numberless wonders from which the curtain will be drawn before the bells ring out the old and ring in the new century. The therapeutical applications of electricity have come to be so numerous and important that electro-therapeutics may be considered to be a special department of medical and surgical science. Batteries for the use of physicians and a vast number of electrical instruments such as exploring needle?, electrodes, syringe, &c;, are displayed. The subject is too technical for a general article, batspeoialistsm^y havethe assurance that if they come to Chicago they will find provided for them an exhibition of every known application of electricity to medical treatment. In dentistry, also, there are important developments to be noted. Most important of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or arc light circuit as the motive power for the deli cate drills, hammers, &c;, which form the equipment of every modern dentist's operating room. Beyond the medical section is exhibited one of the most recent and most marvellous de velopments of electricity— the telautograph or long distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise tele' graphy, for the operator at one end of the circuit writes the message, and at the other end an automatic pen working in response to the electrical stimulation traces every letter and curve with mioroscopic fidelity. The problem of facsimile telegraphy is by no means a new one, but its solution- by Professor Elisha Gray, the famous American inventor in the fields of telegraphy and telephony, is a triumph of the past few months. By the machine be has designed for the. purpose the physician may write his prescription in the chemist's shop in another part of the city, the broker may make a contract from his office on the stock exchange in his own fac-simile .writing that stands as a [permanent and exact record of the transaction, the banker can sign bis cheque a thousand miles away, and the' newspaper artist can instantaneously transmit his picture of the scene of an accident right from the spot to the engraving-room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of what:may be, for the World's Fair visitor has tbe chance of ? seeing the mar vellous operations actually performed. Older, but infinitely interesting, is the system of ocean telegraphy which the Maekay Bennett Company fully illustrates. The sending and receiving of messages are per formed by the identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar conditions, the mere fact of the cable being only a few score of yards instead of a few thousand miles long counting as absolutely nothing so far as the electricity that performs the service is concerned. Most -people have the idea that cablegrams are received by electrio flashes of light. But this is not so. The recording system 'is really not unlike the principle of the telautograph, for a glass syphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a stream of ink from a reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the inky trail so left, many times increased in size from the electrio coil by a simple mechanical process, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate movements of the coil under the influence of the currents from the cable. The wary picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can read at a glance. It will surprise no one who has spent a single half hour in the gallery where the exhibits I have just described are placed to find a tailor's cutter who is busy cutting out 20 overcoats at one and the same instant by means of an electrically-operated knife making 2,500 strokes per minute-; to encounter an artist etching beautiful designs on glass by means of an incandescent wire ; to witness a system of tell-tale electrio clocks which record the exact whereabouts of each watchman all night long, or the patrols of several hundreds of policemen ; or to come across chickens and ducklings being hatched out in an incubator where temperature is supplied and automatically regulated by electricity. These phenomena* come to be looked upon as mere trifles by the visitor sur feited with marvels: Bnt the electric cooking kitchen is a spot where not nlerely every house wife loves to linger, but every man is charmed and amazed. It is a paragon of cleanliness aud efficiency. * ' You push the button ; we do the rest,' is the motto of the firm exhibiting the apparatus, and the advantages of cooking by electricity are summed up under the following heads:— 'The economy of the electrio current ie found in the rule— tum it off when you cease to need it. ' As this rule iB observed, it is cheaper or dearer than coaL 'Piling on fuel is the last act on leaving a coal stove, that there may be a fire when you return. 'The electrio current may be turned off — certain of immediate heat as soon as turned on. 'The current, as fuel, requires no storage bin, no kindling, no delay in obtaining heat. 'You buy current at a fixed rate, as needed. You pay for coal in advance and at varying prioes. 'No carrying of coal or ashes, no kindling of fires, renders miserable the lives of those who use the -electric current for fuel. ' A range requires as much coal to boil a pot of tea as it does to cook a dinner. ' The eleotrio current used is just sufficient to accomplish the purpose desired; no more — hence the economy. 'In summer directly the meal is cooked the current may be turned off. Coal may take hours to burn itself out, roasting you while making you pay for what you do not need. 'Meat roasted in an eleotrio oven will retain to a much greater extent its juices, and will weigh 15 per cent, more than if cooked in a coal range. 'There is absolutely no odor'or foreign taste in meats broiled or roasted by electrio energy. 'As compared with coal the current saves to the careful money, time, room, and labor, as well as much wear and tear of mind. 'The eleotrio stove is never late ; water boils in four minutes; a cup of coffee is quickly made ; economy takes the place of waste, and housekeeping becomes a luxury. ' If Bridget leaves we still existl!' Inspection of the various cooking ap pliances at work will speedily convince the enquirer that the advantages thus claimed are really obtained and are not overstated. Coffee, eggs, pancakes, &a;, are actually cooked at the breakfast table be simply turning on the current. The turkey or joint in the oven needs no basting for the reason that the temperature at the top and beneath is absolutely uniform. This equal distribution of heat enables the pancakes above mentioned to be cooked without lard, butter,' or fat, so that there is perfect cleanliness and no offen sive odor from the cooking. The oven can for that matter be in the parlor just as well as in the kitchen, for the insulation is so perfect that while the inside registers a temperature of 380° the outside is so cold that a jar of water can stand on it without heating. Similarly the frying-pan on which a cake is cooking is quite cold below and can be carried about upon the hand. This wonderful adaption of electricity is per fectly free from danger. I handled the wires, and by actual contact at two points experienced the full shook of the current, which was nothing more serious than might have been caused by the slight pressure of a pin point. The cooking apparatus can be brought into use wherever there is a oircuit, arc or incandescent. A low voltage current is to be preferred, but trans muting appliances adapt the more powerful cunrent for domestic use in the kitchen. The ordinary light fittings are utilised ; thus, if you wish to iron clothes you simply unscrew the globe of an incandescent lamp, hitch on the wire connected to your flat-iron, and tbe latter is hot in a few seconds and can be used con tinuously for hours, there being no need to carry it away to a fire for reheating. I tried to ascertain the cost of cooking by electricity, and was informed that electric heat for the cooking, washing, and ironing of a family of six persons can foe supplied in most American towns for 5 dollars, or under, per month, that is £1 per month or £12 per year. If this figure is correct it is safe to predict that gas stoves and coal ovens will be knocked out of existence for domestio cooking in 10 years' time. No coal, no wood, not even a match for kindling ; no ashes, no smoke, no dust, no labor, no odor, no danger ; no heat but what is actually utilised, and consequently no waste. These are a category of negative points of advantage that cannot be approached by -any other form of cooking apparatus. The universal application of the system is ' therefore only a question of time. Fire alarms and police telegraph boxes whenoe requests for assistance, the patrol waggon, theambulanoe, andbtherthidga oanbe instantly, signalled, and are well enough 'known : to need no particularised' mention. An auto matic telephone exchange, however, is quite new and very important. This invention en tirely eliminates the central exchange ; an ' automatic switch takes its place, and does not require the attendance of operators night or day. At the battery box of the telephone of each subscriber there is placed a small key board, comprising three, four, or five keys, according to the total number of subscribers. Suppose you wish to ring up number 54,876, you press the first key five times, the second four times, the third eight times, the fourth seven times, and the fifth six times; the connection with the desiderated number is then automatically complete. This is perhaps a cumbrous process, and the ordinary exchange system is not likely to be superseded in big cities. But in small towns with only a few hundred subscribers, or in a large factory or business house, the automatic switch board is bound to prove useful. All the applianoes above described are in the gallery of the building. On the main floor are the national exhibits of Great Britain, France, Germany, and the United States, all replete with interest and crowded with material for study by. the expert and the experimenter. Historical apparatus will be found in every court, and the early machines of only a few years ago form intensely interesting contrasts to the appliances of to-day. The British exhibit illustrating the complete history of telegraphy is particularly valuable. Most of the machines and applianoes shown in the several courtB are far too delioate, and would require too technical a description for a general newspaper article. Prominent features, howeve*, may be indicated. Railway and_ tramway motors, care, and trucks, are exhibited in great variety. Beautiful arc aud incandescent fixtures mark a great advance in the practical utilisation of electric lighting for halls, churches, and the home. Mining ma chinery of all kinds, drills, ore cutters, pumps, hoists, &c;, point to the general utilisation of the new power in underground workings_ in the very near future, for the ease with which the tools can be shifted from one place to the ocher, and the absence of rock or coal dust (so largely created by the use of compressed air) constitute, among several others, advantages of immense importance over all rival systems. Electrical forging and weld ing form one of the wonders of the exhibition. Masses of metal are brought to a white heat in a few minutes and rivets are almost instantly melted out of boiler plates. For the welding of small pieces, it is — incredible dictu — merely . necessary to plunge tbe iron into a bucket of electrically-charged water, and the portion in the water almost instantly becomes red hot, . while the part held by the hand remains quite cold. This wonderful phenomenon is caused by the decomposition of the water creat ing a film of hydrogen around the sub merged . metal, the high resistance thus set up engendering the heat. Another beauti ful and extremely simple apparatus is a derriok provided with an electro- magnet, which picks up pieces of metal and machinery weigh ing-2,000 pounds withouthookormattrialattach ment of any kind. An application of the over head system of wires for electric tramway care is shown, adapted to canal boats by means of a side boom to tap the current. Search-lights and lighthouse apparatus constitute two inte resting displays/ Eleotrio elevators are at work, and show that for this use the new power already disputes the place held by steam and water. The wonderful Japanese are to the fore with delicate electrical appa ratus for measuring seismic disturbances. The long-distance telephone has a pavilion to itself, where concerts can be heard from the centre of the^ city ten miles away, »nd'alao from Milwaukee and other to wns over 100 miles miles distant. The marvellously rapid develop ment in the use of the ordinary telephone is told by the following wall inscription: — Telephones in thfe U.S. on Deo. £0, 187? „ 6.1S7 ' ' ' 1892.. 652 720 There are over 500,000 miles of telephone wire in use in the United States, and Jast year more than 000,000,000 conversa tions' were held by their medium. At night time the wizard effects produced by tbe electric light currents are amazing and -superb. There are several illuminated signs composed of hundreds of incandescent lamps, whioh, variously colored, show out with a*l the beau tiful effects of stained glass. There are towers of varying light throwing forth with quick changes from thousands of prisms all the hues of the rainbow. There are theatrical effects of flashing. forked lightning that fairly dazzle tha eye. These axe but a few among many devices for spectacular illumination shown in this veritable Alladin's palace of beauties and of wonders. 