PiRWrnuMsmi , v ; 7 fW BT ANGELO LEWIS. " 1. xou have an uncommonly cosy don here, Armstrong, "wail tny friend Macpheron, is \- lie turned Ids chair to the fire. " And this Istaagfifcd weed. Just one thing more, end ' ear%uaia noaUheeomplete. " And what may that ber" I inquired. "A %ottle of that wonderful old Madeira your pater used to bring out on high days una hbUduvs. But I stmuose that's all trtmk long since. ' 44 Not quite, 1 fanoy. I brought the re laainder of the governor's wine with me when I oame here, and I'm pretty sure there wae a riozenoreo of the old Madeira. I can't Bay . Whereabouts in the cellar it lies, hut if you'll eotne down and hold a candle for me, I'll see if I can lay my hand upon a bottle." " Agreed, nem. con. I'd hold a candle to . emnch blacker personage than yourself upon each an inducement." The time was about eight o'olock on a 3>eoember evening The place, my orivate ttittingroom on the first floor of the Whittle bury Bank, of which I had been appointed manager some two years previously. Dick Uaopherson, my visitor, wae an old sohool fellow, who had just completed a three years' term of service as surgeon on H.M.S. -Orion, and .pending Ins appointment to, another ship, had come down to spend a week or two with me at Whittkbury. Dick wae a character in his way. He was accus tomed to describe himself as a thoroughbred mongrel— half Scotch, half Irish ; half sailor, half surgeon. Though still young, being barely thirty, he was not only exceptionally skilful in hie own profession, but had a -useful amateur knowledge of several ethers. 1 He was a clever mechanic, and his know- ! ledge of chemistry, like Sam Waller's of London, was "extensive and peou liar." His special hobby, however, was electricity, which he maintained to be not only the tight and the power but the medi cine of the future, sud he was never so happy as when devising new ones for it. He bad been greatly disgnsietl , on his arrival, to find that the bank w;u« unprovided with „. .«kctric hells, and gave me wo peace until I consented to let him supply thi deficiency. In vain 1 represented to him tbat electricity was au uuknuwn force iu Whittkbury. He retorted that in «uob c«o the bank, as representing finance, thrift aod other com merciai virtues ww toe more bound to »e? tx&inn;'e m toe nabt ijrevtioii ; una already, in oneminjf-rof toy >itt:n;.jooro. lay w collection of bells, batteries, wir anO pushes, to be uaci in the execntiou of ibe -work. The building, I may her s'ato, had not beeu oifrinally uvi5ti1 for a b»ufc, but was an old-fat-hinned private tmu-, which had been adapted to that purpo-e The base- stent consisted of four rouoiv vaults, ori ginally iotimled us celiacs, Three of tbcm, indeed, were still used for that purpose: one for coals, one for my private store of wine, and one as h receptacle for lumber; while the fourth had been converted into a 41 strong room." The walla and floor of the 44 strong room" were lined with concrete; the arch of the vault cased with boiler plates, and the wooden door replaoed by a double dour of wrought irou, secured by combination lookf. "Within stood a couple of ttrong eafe — oue large, ouo small — of the mort approved con struction. The only daylight admitted to the vault found its way through four circular Sleces of thick glass, each Gin. iu diameter, ft into the flooring of the room above (my private office), and the only access to tbe basement, including tbe strong room, was by spiral iron stairs leading from the same room. The ground fl'ior consisted of two rooms only, the larger being the public office of the bank, tbe other my private otCce, above meo. taoned. The latter was «. small room at tbe rear oi the bidding, and had originally been a kitchen. When, howevor, the hou«e was adapted to its present purpose, the kitchen had been transferred to the topmost floor, -where also were the apartments of the care taker— a sturdy Irishman cstned O 'Grady — and his wife. There wi?re three rooms'oo the intermediate floor ; two being bedroom, and the third the room in which we were seated on the evening of my story. I lighted a candle, and we made our way downstairs to the cellar. After some lit tie searoh, we oatne upon a bin which I found to contain the last survivors of the famous Madeira. I took out a bottle, and was just dosing the cellar door, when a strange sound struck my ear. lrirst came two or three strokes, as of a hammer, hut dull, as if the striking implement was muffled in some way ; then the 44 scrunch " of a chisel ; and finally a dropping sound, as of falling mortar. With warning glance at 3Iacpliersou, I opened the door of the strong room adjoining, and silently stepped inside. The sounds were here mom distinctly audible : and we could fix with tolerable certainty the spot from which they proceeded, which was the lower part of the left-hand wall. Closing the door, I led tbe way up the spiral stairs into my private office. 4 4 Y>" hat do you make of that, Mder" I said, as I placed the bottle on the table. "Judging by the pound, I should ssy someone was chipping a hole through tl'e wall, presumably to rob the bank," replied Macpberson. "That ib precisely ir.y own impre-p'ion. What a stroke of lock that yon should Lave chanced to ask for that boitlw of Madeira. Well, forewarned is forearmed; we flail be ready fa- thnin. 111 jut go and get my revolver, and then I'll mount guard, while yon go and fetch the police.1' Macpheraon looked at me thoughtfully. " Kxcoce me, old man, but wouldn't that l>e a little bit premitore V In the first place, it it is just possible that tbe sound we have heard is capable of some ionouent interpre tation, and we may get laughed at for raising a false alarm. In the second place, if our unawrg roaoc menu is a ourgiar, woman t it be as well to let liim make the case a little dearer against himself? I don't know wbat thickness of wall he has to tackle, but judging by the look of the material, and tbe very small quantity of stuff tbat seems to fall after each blow, I should fancy he had ctill a longish job before him." "That's troe enough. Tratwallia lSln. thick, and of the toughest concrete mede. Of coarse, we don't know how long the gentle man on the other side has been pegging Away at it, hut judging from the sound, he has feqood dead to do yet." "Tbeo we need not decide anything in a harry. Pall that cock, Geoff, and we'll see if we oan't devise i-orae sort of trap for him. There's nothing like a glass of good wine to help the imagination.' I drew the cork and'fetohed a glass from the enpboard. " Help yourself, Dink, but you muse excuse my joining yoa. No thin stronger than water will pus my lipj til this matter is over." 44 Every man to his taste," replied Dick, holding the wine critioelly between himself audi the light, then sipping it with reveren tial gusto. 44 1 work best on this sort of thing. Now to return to the business in hand. I would much rather capture this gentleman, if we can, without calling in the K police till we are ready to hand him over to them " " So would I, if I were under no personal responsibility. But suppose oar plans failed and the bank was robbed ! A pretty mesa I should be in." " Nodoabt yon would. And if, therefore, At Any moment you cease to have perfect con- fidenne in our defensive srranjrements. bv all . sne&ns; call in the police at once. -Bnt 1 don't think yoa will need them. Von agree with v; faethac there is no fear of en entrance being Affected fco- nigbtP" . :".Nbt the slightest, I ehonld say. It is G ; mere speculation, of, course, bnt 1 should . y ' ithlnk the burglar has a foil week's work be- j ' " . -,?,'Goba... Han Jet naeee, io the first place, WthethBrsveciniir any probable time fsrfte -finalattaci. Is the bank particularly riab :,.>vSi'fOaliieoontetty, jast bow tbe cash in Bat next Monday &0im3pMfa- jUyi9xAtarmanB don after tbat amount Jmt» and other no- Rro.?ML:|:? p#»onifcb»t Hme."' flis hunnew, he will endeavor to get in about a week hence. By the way, who is your neighbor on thateide?" 44 A Fre&oh; gentleman, the Coout de la ! Boohe. But, good heavens 1 the Count can't have anything to do with it. Why, he baa five hundred pounds in the bank at this moment." That sounds respectable, but it is not conclusive. I am glad to hear it, though, for in that case we are pretty sure to have wanting of tbe attack. When tbe Count draws out his five hundred pounds we may reckon that he has got pretty nearly through the wall.' 44 1 don't quite follow your logic." " It is clear enough. It is not worth any man's while to steal his own money ; and if he made the attempt, and failed, he might have trouble in getling it afterwards. Ergo, if the Count is the culprit, he will draw it oat just before the attempt Is made. "But why should he have deposited it at all?" 44 Doubtless, to disarm suspicion. Bnt we need not take it for granted that the Count is the man. It may be some other inmate of his household. What sort of a man is the Count r 44 A thorough Frenchman, dark, short and stoat, with a pinched- in waist, and small hands and feet. Very polite and compli mentary. Smokes a very expensive brand of cigars, which are got down from London on purpose for him. Dresses smartly, and is never without a flower in his button-hole." 44 How long has he been here?" 44 About three months, as near as lean re collect. Tee, he opened his account with us on the 1st of October, and he had then been in the town some three or four days. He told me that he desired to open a drawing account as a temporary accommodation, and that he shoold always keep a good balance. Under such circumstances 1 accepted him without 1 hesitation." 44 And what family has he ?" 44 His household consists of his wife, a good -looking, rather over-dre«ed woman, who speaks no Eoglish, ana h foreign ser vant, called Antoiue. An old woman be longing to the town assists in the hou- ework. but fihe does not sleep io theb<m?-/. Antoine iscok butler a.tid gvtiera factotum." 44 IVhati Antrine lihe?" 44 I should tnke him to be a natire of the South of France. H» is very dark, withcri-p black hair, coming low down over his fore head, and tiiirk red ears, with cold rings in them Smell «>l gurlic, aoi emotes cigarettes all fiuv hmv 44 A very £<xk3 fancy portrait of a French lori-w. ijii. i»nw cia v ye lmicn oy UfH.jnp- tiou. "We -hall knw Antoiue better by-snd- tu'o, no doubt. Iu the aiesntiiri-. the lirt thinkr to do i>» t,> make sure that nobody effects au entry without our knowledge." " Howd i you propose lo prevent it 44 That i- an eny muter. I fhtllriirupan elpctric nUrm aisrHrt the pi-c of wall they arc working on. Tuo pla'.t pn.vidod lor our beH-banuiiig atvaugenieiii- wdl jutlhe thing. It vou will leod uie a htud, I will have it fixed iu no time.' We set to work accordingly . Our first task Vtt- v> fix two belle., one in my private office aod the other in my bedroom, and to carry wires from them to the strong room. So far. we were able to wora at our ease, aod to converse wbec necessary. Now, however, we had to deal with the very wall behind which thecoucealed workman was engaged in h:s felonious U-k. Still, with unfiiliog re gularity, oame, lirer, the tap. tap of the mallvt, then th scrunch of the chif-eaud the fall ot thedispUced material. As could hear hira so plainly, it was conceivable tbat he might bear us also, and we therefore bad to work in abi-oluto silence. I held the candle while Jlaupberson attached with ssariog-wax a nnmberuf siik thread-, crof-iugthe wall in various directions, and connected in some way, which I was cut electriciau fnougb to appreciate, with the wires of the hell. After half an hour of this work, Mocpber- flon w Ave me a nod of satisfaction, ioditating that all was complete; and we returned to the office above. 44 Thank goodness, thafe over4" I said. 4,Now. will you kindly explain how it works? I thought silk was a non-conductor." 44 So it is." he replied. Tbe principal Is just this. Xo part of that wall can be dis placed without making a pull upon one or other of those threads. The moment tbat happens, the circuit is completed mechani cally and the bell rings. It's no; eaey to ex plain, save on the spot, but I'll -uurantee that it works ail right. By Jove.it is bfllf- pa>t twelve. I'll have jnii one more gla?s oi the Madeira, aod then to bed, to think out my plan for catching the thieves." We retired to rest, bat I for my part coald not sleep. At half -past two I got up, and partially dressing myself, stole down$airs and paid a virit of inspection to tbe strong room. All was cuiet, the midnight excavator having apparently suspended hU labors for tViM »»« »Vii- 'Flint frttat Oia.a ir,. HA immediate dancer. I returned to my bed, aod slept soundly till daylight. Macpheisun met. me at the breakfast table with, a trmtnpUtnt air. 44 My plau is com plete," he frtid. 14 Flectriciry will tell u& when o'ir thivv«i hreaktbrouab the wall, and chemistry shall capture them for us. Did you ever Lear of tbe Grottad-1 Cane?" 44 The utoe euuuds familiar. -Somewhere in Italy, ijm't it!"" 4 The Grotta del Cane is a cavern near Naples, the soil of which generates carbon dioxide, commonly culled car'ouic aeffi gas. This ga«, bring b-avier than air, does not dis perse, lmt lies at the bottom of the cave, to a depth ot a couple of feet or so. If you send a dog into tbe cavers be 'becomes asphyxiated. A man can walk about upright without danger, but if he were to kneel down or stoop below the level of the gas, he would be asphyxiated in like manner.41 , 44 Very interesting from s scientific point of view. But I don't see the connection with thief-catching." 44Juft this. I propose to turn your strong- rooru into an artificial Grotta del 44 Much obliged to yon, I'm 6ure. And suffocate our chief cashier or my teif tue first time we go into the rooni I1' 44 Not at all. The gas will not be gene rated till the thieves are actually iu the stroug-room. To operate upon the safes, 1 they most of necessity work at a low level. The gas will rioe by degrees as the bottom of the cellar fi!U. Their only warning will be a slight difficulty in breathing, which (if they notioe it) they will put down to the close ness of the vanlt. A little later they will find that they can't breathe at all, but by that time it will be too late, and tbey will fall insensible." 44 Good heavens! you would not kill them ?" 44 No; my intentions are not quite so bloodthirsty as that. VFe shall lugtnem out and bring them to life again by one or other of tbe artificial respiration procesee. First, however, we shall call in a policeman or two to look after them during convalescence. " 4 4 And where is the gas to come from ?" 44 That's very plain sailing; 1 shall generate it when wanted, pro re nata, as wo do- tors say. In the first place, I shall cover the floor of the strong room, to a depth of two or three inches, with a mixture of sawdust and ordinary washing soaa, which is a coarse form of sodium bicarbonate. 1 suppose you can get toe half a hundredweight without any difficulty ?" " I darreey I could, but it i a queer order for a bachelor to give. My oilman will think I am going to do my own wash ing." 44 Never mind what your oilman thinks ! Then 2 Jtail want half a oallon or an of rough sulphuric arid, commonly known as oil of vitriol. Lastly, an empty beer or wise cask to hold the diluted acid, and & fewyards of soft metal tubing, such as gasfitters use. This tubing, first punctured freely with holes, will be embedded in the soda and connected with the barTel. At the right moment we torn on the diluted arid, and the strongroom will be half full of o&rbonio; acid gas in ten minutes.' 44 Bnt if you mix an arid and an alkali, won't there be a warning fizz P" " Very little. The aonnd yon hear on mixing a eeidlitz powder is mainly caused by ihe small area within whioh the efferves- oenoe is confined. In ac open space, like the floor of a cellar, it will be bsrely perceptible, and I shall further Aiming it by sifting fine earth all over the soda, which will make all look atrip-shape, while it won't interfere in the least with the ohemioal process. The sawdnBt mixed with the _ soda is to prevent the gas being germinated too rapidly."" ' 44 You seem to have worked out your scheme pretty minutely." 44 1 have, to the smallest detail. X laid awake .Half tbe night thinking it out. The only risky element will be getting the rascal (or rascals) oat of the strong room after wards. Carbon dioxide is no respecter of persons, and will knock us over as readily as a bauk burglar. However, by urine due caution, and holding our breaths while we have to stoop, we may venture in far enough to slip a cord round the body of eaoh fellow, and then we can drag him out from a safe distance.1' I was carried away by Macpherson'e en- thnsiaam, and after a little further oonveraa- ! tion 1 agreed, though somewhat against my better judgment, to let him try his plan. He ret to work at onoe, and before midnight of the same day bis arrangements were com pleted. The sulphuric arid, diluted with water to four gallons, and contained in an old wine cask, was placed fa a oapboard in my private office. The tap communicated witn ail loaiaruDDer luue, una uus wiw sundry lengths of composition pipe, perforated at intervals, whlob were lying, embedded in soda and sawdust, on the noor of the strong room. Above this was sprinkled a layer of fine earth, restoring the floor to its ordinary cellar-like appearanoe. The mysterious knocking was resumed from S o'clock to 1 a.m., but the operator did not seem to make any peroeptible advance. II. Six days passed without any change of the I situation, save that the soand of the excava tions in the cellar became dally more audible, showing that the intervening wall was grow ing thinner. Byoircful observation of the sound we satisfied ourselves tbat tbe con cealed operator was working at a spaoe of wall some two feet fmuarp, probably intend ing, when this was sufficiently reduced in substance, forcibly to break away the thin remaining partition. On the seventh day. however, I had a visit from the Count. He had that morning received a letter from his son, a Captain in a crack French regiment. Ce cber Alpbonse bad been playioc b&cc;&rat;, it seemed, and to meet bis losses the Count was con.nelled to withdraw for tbe momc-nt the whole of his1 balance in the bands of the bank, though it i would be replaced a few days later by remit tances from "tlier Miurces. Iiu?>truce<l a clerk to see bow the Count's account stood, ana toe na'ance iiavujg been fl!>c-rfaitifd, be <'rew a cLiquc for the amount and departed with tbe money. 44 The plot tJjiekfUe'," said Macpberson, when I told hi in of the visit. 41 Thv graud coup is in alt probability for to-night." We watched accordingly. So soon 9 we Lh<1 <iioed, wh took up our position in my cilice. Our fir<-t proceeding was to cover up , the bull's ejes iu the floor, that no light might shine through to tbe vault beneath. H>cphoronnext tnufiltd tbe clapper of tbe electric ularni, eu thai it should give no sound beyond a faint tapping, sufficient to call our own attention, bui not loud enough to be beard beyond the room in which we were. We wore felt slippers, that our footsteps might ho noiseless. I bad brewed a supply of Mtron coffee to help to keep us wakeful, and ou tbe table lay a couple of revolvors, and some lengths of sash-line wherewith to bind our expected captive?. O'Grady whs told to hold himself in readiness to come down to us instantly on receiving an agreed signal. These preparations made, we sat down to beguile our vigil with a game of cheae. At ordinary times we were very equally matched, but on this occasion Hacpherson found mean easy victim . j could not keep my thoughts from wandering to the possible it-sues of the coming struggle, li all went well, 1 had but little to gain : whereas if — (an awful "if" that) — Mouphersou'e plan broke down, and the attempt at robbery succeeded, my career ae a bank manager woujd be utterly Masted. At thU moment I must own I heartily re gretted that I had allowed myself to be drawn into so Quixotic an enterprise, wben I might have t-tived myself all anxiety by placing the matter in the hands ot ihe proper guardians of the peace, or simply reporting it to the directors. Macpherson, on the contrary, appeared to be troubled by no misgivings, and play ed even better thao usual. 41 Fail!'5 tie said, when I suggested the possibility of such an event— 44 we can't fail ; aoy inure than I can fail to win this game, which 1 undertake to do in four moves. Check !' I made the best fight I could, but in four moves I was checkmated. I was nettled at my defeat, and deter mine! that h should not acaic win ho easy a victory. With a strong effort of will, ! concentrated my whole attention on the tame. and thenceforth played a6 coolly as though the bidden enemy were a hundred miles away. We played on with varyingforhinetillabout eleven, when the faint 44 ting'' of the electric alarm, followed by a heavy thud in the vault beneath, warned us that the burglars had made ;.ood their entrance. "With a rneanio? glance at me. Macphernon lighted a night- iijht, which stood carefully Bcreeued in one comer, and then extinguished the lamp, leaving the room iu a dim twilight, just sufficient to enable us to move about. He then removed tbe cover from one of tbe bu116 eyes in the floor, from which a view could be obtained of the portion of the vault where we anticipated that the entrance wuuld be effected. A broad ray of light came up through the bull's-eye. Going- on our knees we could see that eu oblong tlab, like the panel of a door, had been forced from the wall, and lay in fragments on the floor beneath. In the vault itood Antoine with his back towards us, while through tbe black opening left by the missing masonry some other person, whom we conie stored to be tbe Count, wa banding crowbar, wedges, and other burghuioue- looking implements. When all were handed in, the person on the other side began to creep through the opening, but to our astonishment i: was not the plump figure of the Count that appeared, but that of a mnoh younger and slighter man, with fair, cloBt-croppfcd hair. We looked at each other in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed upon me. 44 Madame, without her wig !" I whispered. Again a head appeared at the opening, and. aided by hie friends, tbe Count scrambled through, though with difficulty, for his broad shoulders all but stuck in tbe narrow openiug. The burglars now pro ceeded, by some method which was not quite clear to me, to fix sconces, holding lighted candle- to various parts of the wall. They made a rapid examination of the two safes, aud then, without farther loss of time, the Count and Antoiue set to work on the door of tbe larger, while the third man began like operations on the smaller. So soon ae they were fairly at woTkf Mac- pherson crossed tbe room containing tbe dilated sulphuric acid, aud turned on the tap, after which he returned to his post of ob servation by my side. 4 Keep your eye on tbat fellow working at the bottom of tbe smaller b&fe.; He is nearer the floor. The gas will reach him before it touobeB either of the other two." I watched, scarcely venturing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Someten or twelve minatos passed, and I began to fear Macphorsou'a plan was a failure, when the man he had in dicated dropped the tool he was using ; and after swaying from side to side for a moment, fell forward on his face insensible. His fall did not for the moment attract the attention of his comrades, busy aa they were in their own share of tbe work. Presently, however, ae tbe atmosphere became more and more vitiated, the oandle lowest in position began to born less brightly, and At last the failure of light beoame so marked that the 14 Count," who was working at the upper part of the larger safe, turned round aocl looked at the candles with a puzzled air ; finally snuffing them with his fingers, aa ii hoping to cure tbe defect in that way. Finding that his expedient had not tbe desired effect he torned round again, ap parently to consult his oolleaguae. Mean while, however, the noxious gaa had reached tbe level at wh&h; Antoine was working, and with a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw up his arms, and fell senseless like the first victim. Never had I seen such au ex- pression of terror as came over the faoe ofthe eo-oalled Count, as he gased on the bOqiesof his fallen accomplices. Already alannea by -the burning Uue of tbeosndles it seemed to him, no doubt, that his companions had been attack down by some supernatural power. Panio-stricken, he made a yush for the hole in the Will,Iratit was too late. In the midst of his struggles to escape, the deadly gas overtook him, and he, too, fell back in sensible. "Notabsdnlght's work." said Maopher- son, aloud, as he rose from his knees ana pro ceeded to etop the flow of the acid. fi Now we wiU. ring for O'Gradv, and then we most make all haste to lug the fellowr out oi that room. I did not bargain for three of them, and every mlnuto the gas beoomes more riesdly. Remember what I told you. Venture in only just far enough to get a rope round your man, atid hold your breath whue you stoop to do it." 44 O'Grady," Isaid, 44 burglars have broken, into tbe strong room, aod I want you to fetch the polioe." 44 Bur-r-T-gl&rs;, is it?" replied 0 Grady, peeping down through one of the bull's-eyes. une or cwo or me oauaies uappuueu w been fixed above the level whioh the gas had reached, and these still burned brightly, thoiish the rest had long einoe gone out, 41 Ghost of Moses ! but they're all dead cor-r-r-rpses" 44 Not vet," said Macpheraon, "but they soon will be, nnlesswe get them out pretty quickjy." 4,Buc how the biases did ye kill them? Oh, sure, it's some oftbem ilictric divilments of Muter Mjaopheraon's. " 44 Never mind that now, man; hurry for the police, and you shall know all about it afterwards." Fortunately the police-Rtatisn was only juft over the way. O'Grady started, leav- | ing the door open behind liim, and in a few minutes was bars again, with a ser geant and two ooDBtablee. Meanwhile, Macpheraon and myself bad opened tbe strong room, and with some difficulty had succeeded in getting- out the msu nearest the door, who happened to be Antoine. "Shall we tie hi- hands?" I inquired. 44 Never mind tbat now," replied Mncpher- sod. 41 He's safe enough for the tiino ; and meanwhile the gas is sprea liug. Giro me the rpe agaio, and sUnd ready to pull." I handed him the rope, iu which we had mad a loop about three feetiu lemrtb. Care fully holding- his urenh he slipped this over th© body of the next ovm (th-« Counted we mausged to pull Lim through tbe door- What O'Grady had told the sergeant 1 can not ay. but the puzzled look oil iiis face, as he fU.-hed his bull's-eye 0,1 I,)e forms of the two Tnea lying in tue pas-iire- way outside the strong room, whs miirt comical. 44 What's tbie, gentlemen— murder?'1 he :.m; uired, looking irom me to Ma -pherson u if uncertain which of u? to (4run iu." 44 Only burglary, at present, Mr Jackson," 1 replied; 4 'and there Are two of the burglars for you. The other iu still iu the strong room, and we shall be gladof>our help to get him out.'' ' That's soon done," said the officer, pre paring to enter. 44 Stop a bit," iuterrnptel Macpbwou; 44 it's not quite so easy as it looks. That room is filled brca«t high with a poUooous gas, which hasknocked over those fellows a you see them In the upper part of the room, where tbose candles are burning, the air is pore enough, but below th;it level it is suffocating. Our best plan will to walk in and stand three on each side of the follow. I will call one, two. three!' at the word 4 two,' each must dio down and lay hold of him, and at ' thiee lift htm up and carry him out, but Jon't breathe while you are stoopm, or you wiU be knocked over as he is. Come alone. O'Grady," forO'Gmd y, though plucky enough io a general way, bad l.-cnun to back towards the stairs, with every appearauoe of tenor. 44 1« it in there, alone wilb tbim ilictric divils; Bed ad, I'll lave that to my betthra. The climate's too onwboletOine for tbe likes o' Tim O'Grady." There was no time to argue tbe point. The remainder of the party marched into the strongroom, and following the directions of ; Macpbersou, we succeeded in getting out tbe remaining burglar. i "Why, good grariou®," exclaimed the superintendent, "it's tbe Count !" 14 YVe," I said, 41 the Count, and Antoiue, and Madame : all three of tbem." 44 It's a big baul," said the (sergeant, " and each blsckguardsdesorve all thev per. But I'm afraid you gentlemen will get into trouble forkilliog them." 44 No fear of that," said Macpheraon. 44 Just pet them across to the lock-up, and I'll come and bring them to lite again. Will you come over aud ace tho fun, Arumtronn r it won t take more tnan nalr an hour or so.' 44 Thanks, old fellow, but not with that hole in tbe wall. I thiukl had better remain on the bank premises." 44 And I'll send a couple of men to look after the houe next door," taid the ser geant. The three insensible men were removed on stretchers : a grim prooer&ion.; Macpheraon followed them to the police-ttation, but in stead of the anticipated halt-Lour, it was mere than three hours before he returned, and he looked completely exhausted. 44 i have bad an awful fright," he said# 44 The other blackguards came round in twenty minutes or bo ; but the young one, tbo sham madsme, 1 really thouzht Lo was done for. Ho bad & longer dose of tbe pud than tbe other two, and it was just touch and go with him. All's well tbat ends well, and it's been an extremely interesting experiment from a scientific point of view, but I really think, the next time I want to capture a burglar, I shall drop science and call in the police to collar him." Which is decidedly mv owe intention. — 44 The Strand Magazine. f' 