ONE OF SIB BIOHABD OWEN'S GHOST S TOBIES. Sir Richard Owen had two remarkable gnoet stories, which it was a high privilege tofcemhlmrelatV' The one aW to be re corded here vyqjperhapa the better of the 1 days, when Owen held wTof fmrgeoi/ to the prison at Lancas- V euegro died in toe jail, and a post B9 well as en inquest was neccdsary. JJBerthe inquest toe young surgeon Baw ' Pft in toe ooffiu and the lid " down, to be ready for toe funeral next day. Owen had at the time been al- raay attracted to the study of comparative a?a;25' negroes' heads were not planum ; so he made np his mind that this e should not be lost to toe cause of smenoe. _ In toe evening he returned to the pnaon wito a bag oontaining a briok. From fas official position he had no difficulty in obtaining admittance to the mortuary, were toe coffin-lid was unscrewed, nod earewed down again. During this prooess i „ ""d the negro's head ohanged places. The ground ontside the principal entrance to the jaU had a considerable des cent ; mid toe time being winter, with snow ana oast, Owen had scarcely passed eat When he slipped and fdl aU his length— the bag went from his hand and the head turn- btai ont and rolled down the paved way. He jumped np, oaught the bag and, follow- fog the head, elutohed it just as it finished carPfz "5 8 rnnall shop where tobaooo was sold. Poshing it into the bag again, he vanished out of toe shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called to by toe woman at the shop where the ao- indent had ooouired on the previous even- tog. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a taghtUm night before that caused him to took wild and dszed-like. The man, it tamed out,_ was a retired sea captain, who ataf1..to many adventures among the i- WestLffimlriands, when many deeds were done that did not at that rime require to be acnonuted for. Among these had been toe tolling of a negro, in which he hade hand, na the transaction had left a touoh of tron- We on his oonscience. After giving these the old Captain told of the horrible event that took place the night before . He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it taWfopnoa that he had been thinking of the Ii imn enddenly he saw his very head W toeehop in front of the counter, rl' Mowed by the devil, all in earth like a fimh of Ijghtimig.; The description was, perhaps, quite bouiplimentary to the young anat- >.-5jbnusti hut it was satisfactory, go far that it £G%chbwed4hat his idenritnr had not Van m. I Mi/Pogsdzei. — London Hewn. fferv./V 