" Argus " Prize Competition. » - THE WI NN ING STORY. " AFTER LONG YEARS." By Stanley. E. Scott, Moparrabah, West. Kempsey. " I just, tell you what it is, John ston ; you are a downright lazy fellow. That Queensland climate has deprived you of every particle of energy. You were possessed of a little once." " Thanks, dear boy," said; Johnston, who was a splendid looking fellow, as he lay on the sofa full stretched, smok ing a cigar, and watching with half closed eyes the thin stream of smoke which issued from between his mous- tached lips, " but I don't think that .remark of yours is quite just, consid ering that during the few weeks I have been in Sydney I have suffered myself to be dragged, about from house to house,, and from one place of amusement to another, with out a murmur. But I confess I don't see the fim of being shut up for some hours on a hot December night in a close, crowded theatre like the ; Thea tre Royal for instance. Besides, who is this actress that all you fellows are crazy over? You say her name is ' Shepherd.' Never heard of her before that I know of." "No, I suppose not; considering you have not been in Sydney for I do not know how long, . and she has only just come out to Australia. She has been highly spoken of for some time past, and, by Jove, she is a toff! But come, Johnston, say that you will go and dine with me at my hotel first of all. Do, there's a good chap." " Well, for the sake of a quiet life, I suppose I must consent. What time do you dine? " " Seven, old boy." " Right, oh! I will be with you at that hour." . . . ¥ When the two friends entered the Theatre Royal the piece had just com menced, but it was not until the end of the first scene that Miss Shepherd appeared, when her entrance was greeted with a round of applause aud nearly every glass in the house was levelled at her. "Good heavens! is it possible, or am I dreaming?" exclaimed Allan Johnston, who, after one glance at the beautiful woman before him, looked as though his heart had stopped beating, while the theatre and all that was in it seemed to go round with a whirl. " It cannot be her, it is impossible ! " " Impossible ! what is impossible ?"' echoed his friend, who had only caught the last words. "Why, my dear fel low, what on earth is the matter with you ? Are you ill ? for you look as though you had seen a ghost." " The fact of the matter is, Vun- kins, I am not feeling very well. It is a sudden attack of faintness, a thing I have been subject to ever since the fall from Creamy at Glengarry. Any way I will go into the fresh air for a few minutes, and if it does not go off I will go home and will come with you again another night." And without giving Yunkins time to replj, he quickly left the Theatre. No sooner, however, had lie found himself in the street than he made for the stage; en trance. Writing a few words on his card, he begged the theatre official to see it given to Miss Shepherd as soon as she came off the stage, and he would wait for an answer. In a short time he received a slip of paper, on which was written the fol lowing . lines : "You can cali at my rooms to-morrow morning, — Wyii- yard Square. Ask for Miss Shepherd, as my name is not known." As he looked at the once familiar handwriting, the past rose before him with startling clearness, for Clara Wil liams had been the only child of one of the richest squatters in Australia. Before Allan Johnston went to Queens land he and Clara were engaged to be married, but with the understanding that he was not to claim her as his wife until he had a proper home at Glengarry to take her to. Mr. Wil liams was of opinioh that no man should be content tolive on his wife's money and, although Allan considered his : opinion right, still the idea of be ing separated .so long was a terrible grief to both. A regular correspond ence was kept up between them for nearly three years after he left Sydney, when all at once Clara's letters ceased, and though Allen wrote over and over again to know the reason why, not a single answer did he ever receive. Al most distracted at the idea of losing her, he applied to the owner of the station he was on for three mouths' leave, but he had made himself so : necessary to him that he : could not spare him. Some time later, when he did obtain a holiday, he returned once jmore to Sydney, but to his great hor ror and surprise he heard of the com plete ruin, and subsequent death, which had befallen Clara's father, but what had become of Clara no one seemed to know. Everything that could be done to obtain tidings of her be did, but un til the night he went to the theatre his search had been fruitless. ¥ . "Oh, Clara, my .darling, thank heaven I have found you at last !" cried Allan Johnston, as he clasped the girl passionately to his breast, " and hav ing once found you I will never leave you again !" " Let me go ! How dare you touch: me?" she said, struggling to free her self from his embrace. " How dare you call me your darling after the way you ha;ve treated me ? Perhaps," she cried vehemently, " you flattered your self that, because I was weak enough to consent to your calling here to-day that I should only he too glad to kiss and be frieuds again ; but if you think; I am to be played with, you are a bit out of it. How can I forgive your de sertion of me at the very time that I most wanted your love to; help me to bear the great ; trouble. I was then in. The loss of money, the loss of friends seemed but a trifle so long as I knew that you cared for me, but when I found that it was only my money that you wanted and not myself, I — " but suddenly checking herself she laughed bitterly. " Bail ! what, an idiot I am to think that you could care about the;, pain -you. caused: me.. No doubt you have often congratulated yourself upon then arrow escape you had of marry ing a pauper." So completely taken aback was Allan that for some moments he was struck. speechless, aud could only gaze in astonishment at the agitated girl before him, but the taunt of having wooed her only for her money roused him effectually. " Stop, Clara ! you have already said too much. If, as you say, I wooed you for your money alone and deserted you when you had lost it, why then am I here now ? Why have I sought you far and wide during the short time I have been in Sydney. When your letters to me ceased, my one wish was to return to the city and see what it all meant, but as I was not my own master that was impossible, and it was only on arrival in Sydney a few weeks ago that I learned all than had occurred, so surely you must see that your accusation is most unjust." " But I wrote and told you all my self," said Clara, " and even begged of you to come to me. Where, then, is the letter?" " As regards the fate of the letter I am unable to say what became of it. I can only assure you that on my word as a gentleman I never received it. But when you found that you got no answer, why did you not write again ? " " I will tell you why. Because I was only too soon made to feel that the loss of money meant also the loss of friends, so when no letter came from you I was mad enough to think that you were only like the rest of the gentlemen. Oh ! what misery I should have been saved had I known the truth." " You might have had more faith in me, Clara, than to suppose I could be so dishonourable. I never dreamt of you doubting," replied Allan John ston, with deep reproach in his voice. "Well, Allan, you have your re venge in your own hands ; you have only to say good-bye and leave me. I deserve to be punished for having mis judged you." "Leave you, little woman! No ! never again if I can help it; but, my darling," — taking the now willing girl once more in his arms — "I will take my revenge; in ; another way, namely, by taking possession of you at once. Don't you think I have waited quite long enough for my wife ? So tell me, Clara, that you will return to Glen garry with me. You know you ought to reward me in some way after hav ing doubted me for so long." Clara's answer was evidently satis factory, for two or three hours later Allan left the house with a brighter and happier look on his face than it had worn for many a day, and it was not very long before he let his young friend Yunkins know that for taking him to the theatre that memorable evening he owed him a deep debt of gratitude. As. we stated last week, want of space alone prevented our publishing the above story and also from commenting on any others. We were extremely pleased with the large number of stories, sent in, and hope our offer (small though the amount may be) will encourage others to take further interest in literature. Next to Mr. Scott's original story, we were very much taken by the one sent in by Miss. S. B. Lainey, wherein the chief characters are two lovers and a weak-headed brother of the heroine. After many ups and downs and having a cantankerous uncle to fight against, by the help and pluck of the brother and at the risk of his life, the young couple were enabled to bring their love affair to a happy climax. An original story: by Mr. J. T. Locke deserves honorable mention at our hands. His story, founded on fact, is ;very good, . and we hope that though this his first attempt has- not taken the prize, we ; shall hear from him again. We must also give a word of praise to both Miss E. L. Royce and Mr. T. J. Taylor, for the interesting stories submitted by them. As will be seen by advertisement on another page, we again offer a guinea prize for a similar competition. 