6 ° b i Weapons of Mystery, CHAPTOR~XV. 1SEC1NNING TO HKAItClI. 'And who was Ihnt ?' ' Wliy, that 'ere hnncicut wirgin, Miss .Staggles.1 ? Ah, whnt then ?' 'Well, I heard somebody tellin'her as 'ow you were gone to London, and I thought she looked mighty pleased. After dipner, I sec hercouie out of thedrawin' room, and go away by herself, and I thought I'd watch. She went up to her room, yer honor, and I got in a con venient place for watchin' her when she comes out. She weren't a minnit afore ' Bhe wur out, Mr. Blake ; arcnvryin' somethin' in her hands. So then I says to.myself, ' She's dopo3itcd some o' her combustible matter in Mr. Blake's room.' ' It was a bold and dangerous thing . to do, yer honour, but I goes into your room and looks around. Everything seems right. Then I looks and seo3 ? that the drawer of the wardrobe ain't . quite shut, so I takes a step forward and peeps in.' ? And what did yon seo V ? Why, I see the trappin's of that 'ere.ghost. The shroud, knife, and all , ? the rest on't.' 1 Well, Simon ?' V ' Well, sir, I takes it to my shanty, and puts it in my own box, to show you -.. at 'a convenient season,' as Mopes ;'V'--siid.* ''. ...' ???:';?.?/ Is ?thafr oil?' £.':;??-. 'Not quite. The next mornin' I see ?*her a-airin' her sweet self on the lawn, ,? ,.tfo Igoes up to 'er all familiar like, and j; L,'says, ' Top o' the mornin', Miss Stag gles.' y-:- IJWh6 are you, man ?' she says. ?^?; ' As nice a chap as you ever see,' I !'';''8aid, 'though I am marked wi' small :.:pox. But that ain't mv fault, ma'am ; '!' 'it is owin' to the experimontin' doctor.' ? ' 'What do you want with me, man ?' 'she said. ?: 'Why, ma'am,' I said, 'I'm young 'and simple, and I wur frightened wi' a ' ghost t'gether night, and I thought as ?; low you, bein' purfcy hancient, might : . assist me in finding thing3 out about it.' i yy .,:?' With that, sur, she looked oal Srtetrange, and I thinks I'm on the right * track, and I says again, ' That 'ere ghost wur well got up, mum. I've played a _. i ghost myself in a theatre, and I could :''. never git up like you did the other 'night.' '' Me get up as a ghost !' she screatn : ed. .. ' Man, you are mad.' -????'.?' 'Not so mad,' I says, ' seein' as 'ow I-see you cany that 'ere ghost's ward ''- rpbe, and put it in Mr. Blake's room '.:-? Jast night.' i;f:;'! She .went off without another word, J-Sy.er.hbnonr, and the next thing I heard .about her was that she'd gone to London.' v^'And why did you not tell Mr. h Temple ?' ' Well, Mr. Blake, he didn't know ? anything 'bout her evenin' rambles wi' th.at-'eje hinfidel willain, and wasn't 'acquainted wi' the things that you and 'V:nie--hev talked about ; besides, I thought t. '''as 'ow you wur the one that ought to * : Know first of all.' ?:-.J:-'..;I.:tl)p.ught long over Simon's words, but could not understand them. Why should Miss Staggles pose as a ghost, i-even;.at the instigation of Voltaire? /There could be nothing gained by it, and yet I was sure that it was not with out meaning. Somehow it was connec : ted with Voltaire's scheme ; of that I was sure, but at the time my mind was ..too confused to see how. j . .So, far, not one step had been taken to prove whether Kaffar was dead or alive, /and although I knew nothing of a detec . tive's business, I did not like taking any one into my confidence. I resolved to do ualt .that was to bo done myself. -In spito of everything, I spent a 'pleasant evening at Temple Hall. We ..£ajk,ed and laughed gnily, especially as ?-Toin was preparing tor his wedding with ?Miss Edith Gray, and when I told Mrs. ^Temple how Tom had popped the ques tion on tho landing at midnight, after the appearance of the famous hall ghost, ' the merriment knew no bounds. It was after midnight . when I retired ?to. rest, but I could not sleep. I could not help thinking about this great pro blem of my life. How could I find Kaf . far ? How could I tell whether he were ? [ alive or doad 7 After tossing about a long time, I hit upon a plan of action, and then my mind had some little rest. ?'. 'The next morning I bade good-bye to ..my friends, and started for the station. ,W,hen I arrived all was quiet. Not a single passengor was there, whilo the tyro porters were lolling lazily around, .enjoying the warmth of the bright May '.. sun. ? I asked to seo the station-master ; he was not at the station. Then I made iu . quiries for the booking-clerk who presently made his appoarnuce. I found that there pas a train leaving about midnight, which travelled northward, one that had bpen running some year3. ' Where you at tho booking -office on the day after New Year's Day ?' I n.sked. ' Yes, sir,' replied the clerk. ? Do you remember n man coming for a ticket that night who struck you as peculiar ?' 1 What kind of a man, sir ?' ? ' A foreigner. Small, dark, and wirv. speaking with an accent something like this,' trying to imitate Kaffar. ' No, sir, I dou't reiucmbtr such n person. There wero only three passen gers that night — I remember it very well because my brother was here with me — and thoy were all Yorkshire.' ' This midnight train is a stopping train ?' 'Yes, sir. It stops at every station from Leeds.' ' How far is the nearest station in tho Leeds direction ? ' 1 Seven miles, sir. Tho population i» rather thin hero, sir. It got thickor tho closer you get to Leeds.' 'And how far tho other way ? ' 'Only a matter of three mile3 north ward, sir. There's a little village there, sir, and the company has put up a Elation.' ' / nd how far is the next station be yond that ? ' ' A long way, sir. It's a junction where some go to catch the night ex press to Leeds. It must be eight miles further on. The train is now due, sir, that goes there.' 1 And it stops at the next station ? ' 'Oh, yes, sir.' I booked immediately for it, and in a few minutes arrived there. It was, if possible, more quiet than the one from which I just come ; a more dreary place one could not well see. I soon found the mnn who had issued tickets on the night I have mentioned. Did he remember such' a passenger, as I described ? ' Yes, sir,' he said, ' I do remember such a chap ; partly because he looked so strange. He looked as if he'd been fightin', and yet he was quite sober. He was a funny chap, sir ; one ns I shudd'n like much to do wi'.' ' And where did he book for V ' Dingledalo Junction, sir.' ' And he would be able to catch a train from there V ' He would have to wait a quarter of an hour for the express to Leeds,' re plied the man. ' And how long will it bo before there's another train to Dingledalo Junction ?' I asked anxiously. 1 Three hours and a half, sir.' It was an awful blow to me. To wait all this time at that station was weary work, especially as I could do nothing. I found, however, that I could hire a horse and trap that would take me thore in about two hours. I therefore closed with this offer, and shortly after drove away. I felt sure I had made one step for ward. Kaffar was alive. The blunt Yorkshireman's description of him tallied exactly with the real appearance of the Egyptain. Of course I was not sure, but this was strongly in favor of his being alive. There was something tang ible for which to work now, and my heart grew lighter. Dingledale Junction proved to be rather a busy place. There were two platforms in the station, and a refresh ment room. I found also that Mr. Smith was actually represented there, in the shape of a small boy, a dozen novels, and a few newspapers. This, however, did not augur so well for my enquiries. (To be Continued). 