"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUES TION?" Now, which is the worse—to have no appetito for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite. There* are lots of people on the one side or tho other of this question. When " a good diges tion waits on appetite and health on both, that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals, But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is bettor to have anappetito without a dinner, because, short of tho starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man j whereas a man who ought to cat" and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs. * To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in whiclr the writer says, " X was afraid to eat/' Bid he fancy his food was poi soned, or did his nature rebel against the nou • rishment lived on ? If the latter* why ? Let him c ear the mystery himself; He says, " In the year 18891 changcd my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mtfuth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that wav, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, and a dark lino was down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offen sive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, wliich were always right before I had eaten, anything. '1 hen I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in jny throat, and a;t as if it would choke me." Wo cannot wonder thi.\t under these circum stances our friend failed , to do justice to his meals. Ho adds that therV^vas what lie calls " a pricking sensation " at hi^ heart, as though it. were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked ivith spasms, the agony of which was so scveie that the sweat rolled ofFliim. c< I dreaded," he says " the thought of eating* and man v a scanty meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to. eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if soineilting was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep," What ho means by the fear of " something going to happen," is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or tho death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (tho life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts ami goblins, the creatures of a restless and migoverned im agination# 44 With great difficulty," ho eays, " I Btuck to ray work, lor I had a wife and family depending j on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done/' In the latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is al ways harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multi tude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happon to come in touch with them. Well, tho writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it iound him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like ht3 own, having been cured by Mother Soicel's Syrup, " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr LangstafFe, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents the ail ment. left me and has never returned since that fortuuale^dav. ^I^should like tlje^ whole world ployed by tho Midland "Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, 11 Car Bottom Boad, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." W o publish this by Mr Hunt's desire in order that | art of the world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what reason. 1740-1 