' ? ??? ' Crystals. Hope there'll be no more bank suspensions for a day or two. ' Not that they affect us — we have nothing in any of them, thank goodness — but it is getting monotonous. Jean Louis Baptiste handed in his nomina tion paper on Friday morning instead of Thursday evening. . ? 1 ? r : ~ That thousand pounds again.- ' ' ? Snooks wants to .know,', who is the Minis terial candidate for Drayton and Toowoomba. The 'honourable colleague' is beginning to show his teeth. '? ? .' ' .: But who can blame him for feeling, like biting something after the excitement' dyer that glorious victory, Aubigny.' The: Ministry prefer an independent to an opposition candidate, and Kingsbury ..... is coming to-day to demolish the gridiron; and other electioneering bogeys. , ?,. ;. From the moment Donaldson sought an unholy alliance with Groom he seems 'to have made up his minn to go off his 'chump; . At the same time there is much reason to believe he went off first— post hoc AND propter Hoc. . '','.'?: After suddenly chucking up the Warrego on account of private : reasons, he thrusts himself on Bulimha where he never had the ghost of a show. ? ? ? 1 . . : At his own meeting — after imploring them not to put a vote of confidence — -they 'piit one of no- confidence; and carried ' it with three dissentients. .. ' ' '???'?'??' Few angels have fallen lower. ?.. . , ,[ After his exhibition of mean' spite and paltry jubilation over Aubiginy, it is the duty of all manly electors to score. Groom out. ??'. It turns the gorge of average humanity, good roads, and bridge's man as he is,.- ',, '.,' Hodgkinson roundly denounces the Land grant Railway Act which he assisted to frame seven or eight months ago. . . ? : ; But that was before 'M'llwraith had con siderately relieved him of his portfolio. ' He also goes with straight ferocity for - the abolition of the Luanda. . -, . : We all remember the bully time he had in her ' in' 'Sy-'SS up the North' Coast electioneering. ' '?'? ? ; ? --:?:? -si;,- ? -- j He was then a newly-fledged. ; Minister , in Sir Sam's Cabinet in search of a consti tuency. - . .', -..' ??-.',-'. From a reply penned in those- days! 'to strictures of M'llwraith, it was evident Hodgkinson thought his bully time in the 'pleasure- yacht' was gall and wormwood to the other. ?? '???,. As it is gall and wormwood to Hodgkin son himself now to think .of* the bully times of others. ... ? ' . ' ,, Only 6 or 7 Ministerial candidates running for South Brisbane. . '??' ; ? Organization down tliere 'must be at' sixes and sevens.''* ,'''', '' ' Unless the bulk of them are kicked into the river or- persuaded to --'retire, the ; poor labour chaps will romp home. ... ..', Snooks has solemnly warned us he is going to achieve a glorious victory yet — besides Aubigny— and scats must not be deliberately thrown away Rathei throw iv,iy a few dozen of the candidates. It is rare sport to note how the exhortation of their leaders not to touch the contingent vote-lost thcihowlcrs several scats A 'b'lilliint but unconscious joke ippcirs in last c\ ening' Jiltgi a/ih Aftei giung a list of nominations for Brisbane South it idds, ' To be continued in our second edition.' t Alas for this ungrateful world t'^Evcr since the sword bearer's defeat,1 the stereo typed wind up of rowdy meeting — ' lhree cheers foi Lilley ind Soarrdso' — has been scratched out of the progamme; There must hive been something very puzzling ibout the contingent vote or the Returning Ofiicu in Dilby, as the official figures aie not available yet. ' ? Yesterday it .was rumoi'red about Brisbane that the contingent had thrown Bell out but .Bell's'bi other sa) it only incicased the .majprit) '? In that case Jei-sop\ supporter behe\e more in the old min than in his advice ?'????r-Robb is ippeihng ngiinsf rhit\n\ard on the ground tnit it was obtained toy AsoVrftp *'ticfrii-:v-; ' *»* '' The'plei of abruption in thiMfesft is an insult to human intelligence aJWThcrefore jjrobably ^ ery good liw '*' '' . Lord defeated pool old Paddy by j votes ^fter'all Mighty Lord. ? v ,, . M-'iNick Tooth, defeated at Maryboioilgh by 40 votes bv Charlie Powers, is going to run forChaihtS late seat, the Bui rum. . » ?The ju\taposition of these two politicians suggests the powers of darkness. 