A REPORTER'B MHOBT Three o'clock in the morning is an un canny hour the world over except at police headquarters or in the olfice of a morning newspaper, and it was in this latter place at the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent-in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in,''; dit"'with' their feet on the tables- '*hd ntheir :chairbanks knocking the plastering6dff,"talking over the subject which is just ~asew to-day as it was when Adam dotffed lis'beaver and said "flow d'y' do ? " toEco. . Every fellow in the crowd was al hshblor, and each one was informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. S"' What for " inquired Claude Browne of Frank-Jobics. "lBeo~nse;,"repliedFrank,," it's only the proper way to live.'. - . - "' nice husband a reporter would make," said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.mi., and leaving home as soon as Le i got his 12 o'clock'oreakfast." " But his wife would always know where he was, andif she didn't she'd know where. everhe was he wasafter an item and had to be back at the office in time," remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put in Claude, "if you think it's sucha great snap, why don't you get marrried i" 1' Can't," said Charlie, very positively. 1 "Why not?" "Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank? How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" "That's it," interrupted Claude ; "how's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? a What's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" "Where's the girl:" queried Charlie. "Plenty of them. Girls with money always ! need a disbursing agent, and they will trust r a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set on a hus band and can't get himt" Smith argued awhile against matrimony ° and at half-past 3 started for home. He was thinking the conversation over, and as he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. e his way led him through the aristocratic 1 portion of the city and as be passed. a fine house his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the ° matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by the reportorial instinct, and he e saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs ° Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's d dining room and making ott with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fel lows, and slipping into the shadow. he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was i more anxious to open the door than he wasto preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The e reporter scrutinised the doorolosely and dis covered that the robber was not on 3 the outside, but was evidently within, Sand was working his way out. and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it on the door, and an in stant afterward the door swung open, and d Charlie was ready to cry "throw up your Y hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost 0 came out. e "It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an a assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, wrat thedeuce is it?" He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or r whatever it was came out into the vestibule h and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reporter, " it's a woman, and she's got on a nightgown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revol ver ready in case of accident, he stepped ° out of the show amd spoke to the ghostly ° walker. " Good evening," he said nervously. "eo, excuse me, mean good morning. If you're Sgoing to m'rket, maybe you'd better go back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more I gallant, but this was anything but an or dinary affair, and he didn't require news paper instinct to tell him so. The sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and came toward him. The I cold chills chased each other down his back and he looked for a policeman, with the usual result. "Stand back," he said, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But on it came, and Charlie found that his legs would't move in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. " I bog your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to na dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance? Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, s'c;ped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. "Another Amina," he said, "La Sbnnam. bula off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor .and leading man. Well, this is a go !" "I've got to take her in thohouse any bow, that's plain," he said to himself, and he gently led the willing walker hack up to tile door, and rang the bell, and r'ng it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plurmp young wcman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy young man in oven less dishabille. "What's thisP" he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Char lie, dropping the girl on thie floor and almost t putting his foot on her, after the manner of sio semper tyrannis. " What does this mean 1" again shouted r the young man, and the remainder of the I family came tumbling down stairs, none of , them fixed to see company. "Let go of nme and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlio. " You don't want to raise the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you?" a Some of the other menmbers of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and d the servants carried the unconscious girl, a upstairs, Charlie told the father and son how he had' met the young lady, and what the P' trouble was. Both men krnew him by sight, a and had met him on 'Change and elsewhere, and it was not dillicult to explain the situa tion. Half-an-hour later the reporter was at ci homoe in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of in prettygtrls and all sorts of romantic things. W hen he reached the office next daysa note i was waiting for him, and he was invited to hi call that evening on the mother of the young lady. Lo called, of course. lIe saw the mother; : he saw the daughter, blushing and beautiful1 At and now, if Charlie is a bachelormuchlonger th there will boa breach of promise suit orsomo frl otherdreadful calamity, for Charlie's mind an made up.-" Freeo Press." de ha During the sevore frost a vast number mr of sea fowl have boon soon in Morocarubo 11 Bay. The fishermon. havs fixed two sw large guns on Chapel Island, and a great nnmbor of birds have been shot, and.eint for sale to the inland towns of fancashiro. At a single shot from one r f. the guris 120 birds were Ibrought oil lown, hor 