THE PRIOiY GROST, (cowcLUnan.) t It had come to this: the sister was working t r both; and Verstloyle, did not even see wuat his allowing her to do so meant! "What I kind of pride was thie'" thought Meredith, his tonoahowing, perhaps, a little of what was in his mind, as he gravelyrepled: " I can quite understand your objecting to that. You must let your friends use what interests they have to get youinto something, Y Versohoyle." " It would be of no use; at any rate, until \--no necessiaty for going into that," moodily kicking a stone across the path. WVhat he wanted just then was. money, and his was not the man to whom he could urn for that, with his talk about setting to work. How could he say to this man that he had equandered the hast remnant of the small property which had come to him; and that they were liable to be turned out of the old home, such as it was, at any moment now-his invalid mother, and the sister who had striven so lhard to keepthings together-unless hecould obtain i money to stave off matters, at any rate, for a time. Pressure was now being brought to bear upon him, and threats used that unless be paid off the sum of fiveu hundred pounds a sum there seemed no possibility of procur- i ing-charges of fraudulent borrowing would be brought against him which he might find I it difficult to combat ina court of law; and be was living trom hour to hour in fear of reat. yt gi and everything it con ined of any value, to the lasit family portrait that hung upon the walls, had been either mortgaged or sold. II a few heirlooms, in the way of oarved furniture-a cabinet or what not-had been allowed still to remain, it was to, as long as possible, keep the knowledge of the worst from his mother and ais'er. He had, in the first few moments of their meeting, hurriedly speculated as to whether anything could be made out of the other's chance visit; but his hopes, if they amounted to that, had very quickly died as he romem. bered the past. There had been nothing larce-handed or generous, according to his interpretation of the words, in Meredith. tie had shown no inclination to part with his money without a quid pro quo, and lived as though he had not a pound to spare, instead of an income of some ten or twelve thousand a year. He had lost his father in his early boyhood, and the property, carefully nursed for him during a long minority, had largely increased. That, like many who spend little upon themselves, Meredith could be oven lavishly generous to others, and that there was none to whom one in need could so safely turn for help, Versohoyle did not uanspect. Ho would have been not a little surprised could he have known that many a man had to thank Meredith for help given just at the right moment, and given so quietly that none but the two inons concerned were in the secret. Meredith, in fact, cared nothing for the luxuries of life. Capable of doing his share in the world's work, steadily exercising his best faculties, and mentally and physically invigorated by the process, he was almost unable to comprehend a man such as Versehoyle had come to be. " No; it would be of no use," snmmed up Verschole, eying him askance. "If I began to tell him about being in need of a few hundreds, he would wanc to know the whole story ; and it would be no good trying to throwdustin his eves. I wonder what he would do if 1 told him point- blank that I am liable to be hauled ol to gaolat any moment for lack of five hundred pounds? BIutton up his pockets, and sourry onf without wait ing to test the Priory hospitality, perhaps; or worse still, begin to preach." Seeing that the other was disinolined to be communicative, Meredith eh inged the subject, introducing any topic he could think of which he thought might interest him. In vain. Both felt that they were further apart than when tney hadlast met. 'There was, in fact, a barrier between them which neither knew how to remove. Enurossed in hissown reflections, Verschoyle did not keep up the first semblance of bonhomie, a little indeed, resenting .Mleredith's efforts in one Sdirection, since he did not seem likely to make any in another of more importance. IBoth men were equally relieved when a ruddy-cheeked servant-msid appeared at the door, and informed them that dinner would be ready in ten minturtes now. Versohoyle led the way into the house, showed Meredith toaroom, and then availedl himself of the opportunity to say a few hurried words to his sister. " Remember. Madge; there's no necessity for offering himt a bed. Only a chance visit; that meanenothin.: and, therefore, dinneris quite enough. How have you contrived it?" " Oh, pretty well. No need for pretence. He must know by the general aspect of things how it is with isl.' '',ell, give the mother a hint not to press the hospitalities." "He would not care to remain if she did, I should think; there is nothing to attract him here; " adding, with a little surprise, " but I should have thought you would have been glad to welcome any one, dull as you find it, Laurence." " If I were not in such straits I might. You know I am at my wits' end just now, liable to be seized at any moment for that wretohed debt." He had given it the name of debt to her, and she had not the slightest suspicion that it was anything worse. At that moment Allan Meredith entered the room, which not even the shabby furni tureand appurtenances of the dinrer table could render mean looking, with its noble proportions, oak ceiling, carved, high ehimney-piece, and oriel window. There was not eutficientcarpet, even for the fashion -only, indeed, one large, old Turkey rug; and that was spread in the recess of the window, where were also a finely-carved, high-backed, well- cushioned chair, small work and writing tables, atnd two or three other last relies of better days, devoted to the use of the invalid; a gentle, anuffring- look ing woman, with traces of great beauty in her thia, worn face. Meredith was introdusced to her by her. daughter, with a tone and look which showed she felt she was still something to be proud of. Her pride in, and loving care of, her mother was, indeed, evident enough. Even his eyes could see how mooh more thought hbd been expended upon the invalid's toilet than upon her dautghter's, of which the most that could be said was that it was neat as any village irla might be. Mrs Verschoyle received the stranger with the simplecourtesy of good breeding. There was no allusion by word or look to the altered fortunes of the house; noatt'empt at explana. tion; but a simple, earnest welcome which had its full effect upoan Allin Meredith. He noticed, too, at the tadble that no apologies were made for thedtditiier, until the con temptuons shrug of'thlb shoulders which Laurence gave as he glanced from the dish of curried mutton at one end to the remainder of the same joint that served as the roast at the other, called forth the reply: "It is the best I could do, Laurence. G'here was no time to send into the town, and Ihoped that Mir Meredith might have eufli dent appetite after his walk. perhaps, to be able to dine on what we have ;" apolocising to her brother, as she had not felt it to be necesaery to apologise to their guest. "That att I, Miss Verschoyle," he said, determined that site should see no lack of appreciation on his side. " I have eaten only a biscuit since 5 o'clock this morn ing; "going on to explain what had brought him to the neighborhood. " I had got a little out of condition from overwork, and "Overwork !" put in Laurence. "Of what kind?"' "Oh, you know I used to have a fancy for comparing evidence, and latterly I have plodded a little too closely in getting at some I sated," speaking a little hesitatingly and awkwardly in his desire to avoid seeming to pose. "I needed change of scene and morn ont-of-door exercise. - It happened that a final settlement had, just now, to be made about a small property my lather had in this county, and I thought it would be an object, or at any rate give me the change of saeno they talked about, to go and look after the sale myself." "I did not know yon owned property in this direction, M~eredith." " It was of very little importance; only a small farm; but there was some competition for it, on account of its joining Lord Drayl town's property. He wanted to take it into lil park." l)ld you let him haveit ?" "No; it wasnot so much'a question of. money with me, and the tenant who had heldit so long, and done his best for the houe endland had, I considered, the first clsim. He and Isettled it togather without inneh law. He Is thi possessor of the farm, and Ihare brought away a roll of note.; that'. about all." "I suppose a small farm does not fetoh g much in these days," said Versohoylo. o . " This would have fetched more had I 1 allowed them to bid one against the other; t three or four, instead of two thousand, I was t told." a "Two thousand would seem a pretty good heali to some people. Notes, do you say P" " Partly; and partlyin cheques," replied Meredith, looking a little surprised. I " Do you carry them about with you, Meredith? Imean"-noticing the surprise 1 in the other's face-is it wise-safe, do you think, to go about these lonely places with all that- " breaking off, and h arriedly adding, " But, of course, we can't let ytu go to-night. You must put up with what we have to offer, until the morning, at any rate." A sudden thought had crossed his mind. Might it not be possible to appeal to Meredith for a loan ? " What a quarter of that money would do for me just now I If I could only open my heart to him, as Madge says. Pahaw I Easy enough for girls, such as she, to open their hearts. She wouldn't have been so ready to advise me to do that had she known all." " Mr Meredith would, perhaps, prefer the inn in the town, Laurence; he might find it more comfortable," put in his sister, a little puzzled by the chance in his tone but suppoinu it might be only to keep up appearances, she went on : " There will be a moon, and--" " Oh, nonsense 1" hurriedly interrupted her brother. "You will not mind roughing it for one night, eh, Meredith P Of course, you must stay.' " I hope so, indeed," said Mrs Verechoyle, to whom her daughter had had. no time to give tle hint her brother bade her give. " I trust you will accept our poor hospitality, Sir Meredith." "There, that settles it, Meredith. You can't refuse my mother, now-; or she will be lamenting the little we have to offer." " It is not little to me," replied Meredith, in all sincerity. The chance of spending a few hours in the society of Margaret Verschoyle was, indeed, beginning to mean a great deal to him. Ho had not, before. met any woman who interested him in this way; and, already, he knew that none other ever would. She said very little now ; having, he noticed, become more silent and abstracted as her brother rrew effusive, apparently in the en deavor to make up for his previous lack of courtesy. "This is our only drawingroom, Mr Mere dith," she presently said, as she and her mother rose from the table and went towards the window. "You must please try to imagine we are not here." "I would rather not do that, Miss Ver. sohoyle," he replied, rising to join them. "But won't you - ? Yoa would not find t this claret so bad," said Laurence, adding, Sas the other declined, "Well, then, a cigar L on the terrace, if we can dignify it with that ,name." "Not now, thankyou. Lateron, perhaps, Sif you will join me." 1" Then, I will look after your bag. At the sf tation.didn't you say? We might send Sally's r brother, ch, Madge?" hurriedly quitting the 1 room. ' Meredith remained with the ladies in the Soriel window, while the rough-looking maid servant awksrdly cleared the dinner table, as P sieted now and again by i rimiling word frm 2 her young mistress. " You have a good view from here, Mrs SVerschoyle." S"It is good to me, Mr Meredith. For Stunately the brickfields are on the other " side; and, seen from here. the part of the t ruin and the old garden and orchard have a Scharm of their own formne. But one misses the old elms that used to hide the town, Swhich my daughter thinks looks best when you don't see it," with a smile at the young e girl. " And so you do, dear. Being romantic, you prefer it when there is a mist over it, and Syou have to imagine what is behind the veil, don't you ?" replied her daughter, with Spretty defiance. "A serious thing to have a romantia mother, is it not, Mr Meredith ? In these days, too-romance! She had need Shave a matter-of- factdaughter, had shenot'' S He smilingly kept up the same tone, his e admiration deepening for the brave heart that could make a jest of her difficulties. How well the mother and daughter seemed to understand each other in making the best of their colorless lives. Ho soon found they 6 could talk about something besides the h narrow experiences of their everyday world. e They were accustomed to think intelligently, and were not without a spice of humor, as well as a romanceto cast a glamor over their surroundings. Goodlisteners, too, showing Y a desire to hear what was going on in Sthe world of thought; and, now and again, Sasking questions which kept his wits at Swork for reply-a not unpleasant evercise to Allan Meredith, accustomed to use them. An hour passed quickly away. It was Sonly the uneasy glances the young girl was beginning to cast towards the door which 'i reminded him that Versoboyle had left them so long. When he re-entered the room, Meredith noticed that the sister's eyes turned n anxiously towards him. " I made sure about your bag by seeing after it myself, .Meredith," he began. " Re membered the mistakes Sally's brother is apt to make, you know, Madge ; and thought he might demand the post bag, or something of that sort." He appeared more desirous now of making conversation, reminding Meredith of some of t their Oxford experiences, inquiring about mutual friends, and what not. But his gaiety d did not sit quite naturally upon him, and there was an under-current of excitement in his tone and manner. One there saw that Shis gaiety was only on the surface and that h he eyed Meredith closely and speculatively when he thought himself unobserved. s "Two thousand pounds! Two thousand I -and a quarter of that would save me," he was thinking. Were the notes in that wallet of which he could trace the out ii line in the breast pocket of the other's e coa.? His eyes were turned again and again, as if fascinated, to that breast pocket, while . he talked on apropros of anything that n suggested itself. Presently, in reply to some remark of his mother's with reference to the r. rising moon and the ghostly way in which ; its beamsseemed to steal about the ruin,.bhe a said: "Do you know that we can boast of having a ghost, Meredith?" " Our very own, who watches over the a fortunes of the house," said his sister. "At a least, that is the tradition. When last heard I of, he was wandering about, with his hand t uplifted as if in warning. Not very original, is it ? And not .of much use, unless he will t tell us what we are being warned against." " Have you seen him, MliEs Versehoyle ?" 1 " Oh, no. Even he seems to have deserted us now." i "Speak for yourself, Madge," said her a brother, itealing a side glance towards a Meredith. " Have you, then, Laurence ?" she ejacu. l lated, turning quickly towards him. "I i thought you were inclined to make a jest of r the monk." t "I am inclined to do that no longer, perhaps." " Do you mean that you have seen him ? I You told me nothing about it, Laurence." " When I knew what a fright it gave you only to imagine you saw him ?" S"But I was only ten yearn : old then, you know. I was frightened, Mr Meredith," she said, turning to him with a smile. " But even a then I was quite as curious as frightened; for though I fell upon my knees and hid my face, I begged him not to go until I got suflfciently used to him to be able to ask what I wanted t to know." " Had he not the grace to do that, Miss 1 Verechoyle " " Well, it was only an old military cloak E of my father's which Laurence had hung over a broom in a corner of the sahool-room to try my courage." " I wonder what questions you would ask now? " " Oh, there are so many things one would like to know," the sweet face shadowinLr, and > theeyes taKing an anxious expression. " Is the monk supposed to have a predi. i lection for any particular chamber?" asked Meredith. " Ghosts are uncertain visitors, I know ; but it would be something to pass a night where one might be expected." " You might find it no jest if he ame," said Laurence. " Oh, I should take him seriously enough. In fact, I have something of Miss Vers choyle's feelinr. There are so many ques tions one would like to ask." She was glancing ouriously towards her brother. " Why did he take that tone-he that,'till now, had been as ready as the rest to jest at the ghost?" But she had no time to speculate as to what was in his mind Now that he had returned, she might eon. sider herself off duty in the matter of doing her share towards entertaining; and she had I to help Sally to prepare a room for the guest, her invalid mother to attend to, and to con- a trive a fitting breakfast for the morrow. i The two young men passed out on to the I a grass before the window, lighted their in cigars, and strolled to and fro in the moon- I1 light. There was very little interchange of et thought. Allan Meredith was speculating as o1 to how best he could set about helting p Margaret Versohoyle's brother; and begin- tl ning to fearit' would be very diffichult to do so, w unless he were more inolined than he now fi appeared to put his shoulder to the wheel. a He had little sympathy fora nature such as Veresohoyle's; and unconscionsly perhaps to h himself, the few words he uttered conveyed b what was in his mind to the other, who was o quick to resent it; r "Put me In the way of earning money, a indeed! No use asking him for a loan; he would be putting allsorta of awkward ques tione," thought Veraechoyle, with the uneasy conseoiousness that he would find it difficult d to explain without incriminating himself. '1 " No, I won't try it! It must be the other r way-there's no help fur it now. Once on a of this hole, I'll put my shoulder to the I wheel, and pay him back with the firstmoney i I earn. He isn't likely to want the money c if I took all instead of a quarter, and I t won't take a penny more than that. It will only be a loan after all, which, if he were j like anyone else, I could openly ask him for. Yes, I'll do it ! If he sees through the trick, it will be easy to say it was only a jest t done to try him. But I think I can manage it so quietly that he won't wake, and then I am safe." On re-entering the room they had quitted -the only habitable sitting-room the Priory could now boast-they found it untenanted, I themotherand daughter having retired for the night. The two men satin desultory conversa tion, maintained with some effort, until, in reply to a questioi from Laurence, Meredith 1 admitted that he had had a long dayand was inchlined for bed. They went up together, and Laurence showed the other into a large, barely furnished and somewhat desolate-looking room, with two doors and one high, narrow, iron-barred window. " Sorry we have no better quarters to offer you, Meredith." "I am no sybarite, Verschoyle. You'll say that when you see my room at home. SMy housekeeper is always bewailing my lack of appreciation of what she calls comfort " Staking out his pocket-book as he spokie, and 3 putting it on to the dressing-table before Sremoving his coat. Laurence took quick note of the position of the book upon the table. " Well, good night,oldfellow;" adding, with an elaborate assumption of carelessness, " Oh, by the \- way, I'd nearly forgotten; there's a key in that door-the one belonging to this must a be lost, I fancy; but it seems hermetically sealed. You can't open it, you see," turning and pulling at the handle; "and you are " safely barred in at the window," with a little laugh. t " All right, Vereohoyle. A barred window and a looked door ought to be enough. r IGood night," telling himuself they nmust talk t over things in the morning. Too late to enter upon what he wanted to say, just then. In the morning Versobovlo should be miade to see that here was a friend who was not to be a put off; they must go into matters together. s Verarschoyle must be induced to set to work, e and in the meantime it must be so contrived that the mother and daughter should be e better cared for. "'lTell him that I have Staken a ereat fancy to this old place: and, Sbetween ourselves, give him a few thousands for it, perhaps-to be settled on them-yes, certainly settled on them." s Once in his own room, Versehoyle sank intoe seat and buried his face in his hands. "' If there were butany other way but this! r if only the man had not gone there bragging e about hlis thousands: "trying to persuadehim Sself that t'herehad been bragginx, and almsost a hating Meredith for the wrong he was about to do hi,. "He would not do it! Let the worst rome to the worst-he would not !" e springing to his feet again, and fiercely shaking his fiat as against some unseen tempter. S The clock in a distant church tower chimed twelve. One vibrated on the night h air; it would soon be too late ! Morning a would dawn, and the opportunity be gone! , Shivering with the renembrances of what d the morning might bring-ruin, disgrace, his whole lifo blighted-he once more dlecided there must lie no drawing back. WVith set t teeth and determined eyes he went towards a chair upon which lay afolded garment. He shook it out-a long, dark, military cloak and proceeded, in awkward but tolerably ellicient fashion, to pin the cape so noas to, as 0 nearly as possible, resemble a monk's hood. SChOanging hisboots fora slippers, he enveloped himself in the cloak, drawing the hood welt ' forward, so as to cover the whole of his face: Sthen softly opened the room door, and stood Slistening with bated breath. n No sound broke the stillness. He stole noiselessly forth and entered a small room, ithe door of which was ajar, as he himself b had placed it a couple of hours previously. This room opened into the larger one in which was Allan Meredith, Laurence stole ae silently to the communicating door, locked, 's and with the key outside. It had been well h oiled; but this notwithatanding, there was a m slight sound. like thunder to his guilty ears, i, ashe turnedthe key in the look. d He waited breathlessly for a few moments again, then, hearing no sound from within, g softly pushed open the door and looked in. j- His eyes were, at once, directed towards )t the Led. Yes, Meredith was, apparently, 0 fast asleep. To make quite sure, he stood f silent and motionless, listening intently. The quiet, even breathing of one in deep 8 slumber reached him. He moved softly )r towards the dressing-table, his eyes still it turned upon the bed; then stood motionless y again, a tall black figure in the semi d darkness. 0 Why did be hesitate? What was it that *t suddenly impelled him to tell the truth, t and cast himself upon the mercy of the man y lying there-his good angel battling for him ? The scales trembled in the balance for a I moment, and then it was as though he had " chosen-" Evil, be thou my good;" and the t way was, at once made easy for him. His eyes lighted on a dark object, which he knew at once must be what he was in a search of, lying on the white toilet cover of e the dressing table. Isis hand closed over it, t his eyes turnmng once more towards the bed. SNot a movement, not a sound. e Pocket-book in hand he noiselessly orept 1 out, locked the door on tie outside again, and e sped back to his own room. f Half the danger was over. He had now but to abstract the money he wanted, and e replace the book where he had found it. t He put the book on the table, and sat I down. 1 What was that P A sigh-a whispered word? Or was it coward conscience P" He I sat back aghiast for a moment; then, with a resolute face, bent forward, laying his hahd upon the book. Suddenly he paused, 3 raising.his. head again. A sound-a move ment? Surely he heard something! IHe r hurriedly blew out the light, and sat with a all his senses on the alert. Again! Some thing or someone was in the room I More'lith! Had Meredith seen and fol I lowed him- lhad the time come to act the f part of jester? Unconeiouslo, he was gaiiine straight before himi into the dressing , glass, faintly reflecting, in the pale, grey light of the summer night, the obieots i around. Acain a slight movement, hardly displacement, of the air; but sufficient to i intimate a presence there. Should he break into a laugh, and chal tlnire. Mferedith- should he -- Great a heavens ! Mirrored in the glass, he saw a shadowy form moving silently towards him ra form draped in cowl and gown. The ,monk! ; Laurence Verschoyle fell beck in his chair, I his eyes f:stened upon the figure faintly out lined iin the dim light, the left hand raised, os if in, solemn warning, and the right stretched forth towards-the pocket-book ! He sHes- it taken from tbo table, then e overything faded from his viefon, and heloest m coneciousness. When at length he came to himsolf, it was a little confusedly, and it was some time before he remembered where he was and I what had happened. The pocket-book! Ris eyes went hurriedly over the table, 4 Gone I It had been (no dream, then-no trick of the senses. He flung out his armsa uponthe table and buried his face upon them. Soddenly a faint hope sprang up in his heart. It must have been Meredith I t His own fears, and the dim, uncertain I light, had imparted the spectral, shadowy I appearance, and exaggerated the whole etfeat. Meredith must have imagined-ase incase of emergency he was to have been t induced to imagine-thatajest was beini c played off uton him, andhad determined to t return it in kind, managine somehow to get himself up for the role. iHad they not boon t talking aboit the monik and the gestmro of a warnig? Yes; Meredith, of course!- a beginning to recover his nerve. Ho had ti been caught, and Moredith had not been caught; that was all, and he had only to e treat the whole thing as a jest. a But all this notwithstanding, there was ci an under-current of something very like fear in his mind which oanoed him to watch the I slowly broadening light of day with feverish impatience for the time when he could enter Meredith's room. It would not do to go too an early, lest his very anxiety should arouse the other's suspicions. Everything now dt- ao pended upon his being able to treat the whole he thingas a jest. He threw off his disguise, washed and dressed, and then sat listening th for the usual sounds of Sally's movements in aboutthe house. When the clock struck six he could contain himself no longer, and made his way to. t Meredith's room, going to 'the door which pi opened into the corridor. Meredith, in response to his knock, unlocked the door si and admitted him. " Up already, Meredith ?'' o " Yes. I am aecustomed to rise early." tl As he advanced into the room Laurence sl darted a quick look towards thedressing-table. a There lay the pocket- book ! He had been right; it had appeared as a jest to Meredith, a andhe had played one offin return. "Had si I only guessed and kept my wits about me, si instead of making a fool of myself, by going' off'in a faintin' tit, the jest might have been fi better kept up." " I see you can make, as well as take, a jest, old fellow," he began, with an attempt at a laugh. " I was too sleepy and lazy to do more than take it, Verschoyle. I saw what was I done both times; blt the restoration was managed best." "Restoration?" a " The putting the book back." I Laurence Verschoyle dropped into a chair, i gazing at the other with widely opened eyes. " Do you mean to say you did not ? For Heaven's sake, tell me the truth, Mere dith 1, You followed me to my room and brought the book back. I-I-saw you!" " That you did not, and could not have done, Versohoyle. I did not rise from the Sbed after I lay down until six o'clock this Smorning, just before you came in." "Youmust-either awake orasleep, you must have !" catching at a last hope that rthe other might have walked in his sleep. "No; on my honor; I was tired, but 1I could not sleep. I saw the ghostly ap. .pearance each' time; and I was struck k by the difference in the sa rond. It was a \- more ghostly affair altogether. I saw, in I fact, only a hand and part of an arm." S Laurence went hurriedly to the door opposite that by which he had entered, and f turned the handle; looked on the outside, as he had left it I S " The first came that way." said Meredith, Swho had followed him with his eyes; "but not the other." 1 "Meredith, it was I who came, and I Scame but once !" ejaculated Laurence, shud Sderingly. o He covered his face with his hands a few a moments; then, in sudden desperation, con fessed the whole truth. " I meant to rob you ! I dressed up as a monk for the purpose. I took the book, intending to k abstract five hundred pounds : and, if you o wokeandchallengedme, was oingtosay that it was done to try your pluck. I had taken Sit to myroom. It lay on the table before me, Sand I was about to open it, when a feeling I can't describe came over me. 1 knew I was not alone. I was sitting before the ' dressing-table. and, glancing into the glass, saw the reflection of a figure standing behind Sme-the figure of a monk! Adeathlike hand Swas put lorth. I saw the lingers close over a the book, and then I suppose I lost consciusa ness, for I can remember no more." " The monk " Meredith gazed at the k other, and became gravely silent asain. " I was in terrible straits," hurriedly went on Laurence. "I meant last nightto appeal g to you for a loan; but I fancied you seeied i. rather hard and stand.otlih. and what I had t to tell was not easy to tell. There was a It prison before me, Meredith, unless I could ie get money, which there seemed no chance of my being able to get, and the knowledge y that you had all those notes about you n tempted me. I meant to take the five hundred, put the rest back, and trust to the )r chance of your not susoeeting how it had it gone. Of course, I chested myself with the g belief that if I could set myself straight this Stime, I would put my shoulder to the wheel t and repay you somehow. I think I see is myself as I am-now, and I know I shall not d again try to retrieve my fortunes that way. SYou can't despise me more than I despise a myself!" e " I am very sorry," said Meredith. " Idid \- not imagine you were in such immediate ly necessity. I only wish you had told me last is night, when all this might have been pre I. vented"-still speaking a little abstractedly d Was it to be regretted, after all, that Ver I1 schoyle had been brought face to face with :himself in this way, sines it had brought id about such a revulsonin his mind F Hepre soutly decided what course he would take, Ie andwenton: 1 "Look here, Verschoyle. I intended last If night to ask you to let me help you in some F. way, and only delayed until this morning in because I wanted to reflect a little as to the le best means of doing so. We will gJ into that 3' later on. L will only say now that you need i1l be under no anxiety as to the money. Ihave a a good income-more, a great deal-than I e, desire to spend-and there is a large surplus lying idle at my banker's just now. Use it to ts set yourself straight with the world, old fel 3, low ;" then, as the other made a gesture of -. dissent, "Let me have my say. You shall Is repay me when you have made your way-as P. a man of your ability is sureto do. Nonsense, d you have your mother and sister to consider, you know." P ".My poor mother and Madge. Meredith, y you could never imagine what my sister has 11 been to us." a8 " Gouldn't I ?" thought Meredith. S " She has kept us going the last six months; and though the pressure was growing heavier t and heavier, she never- What a aelfish 1 brute Ihave been ! " Come, it's something to recognise that !" a thought Meredith. " There's some hope for d you, after all;" adding to the other, " We e will get these bills se ttled at once, and then we -an see what you are most inclined .to turn hto." i The two young men went down tocether, ! and found breakfast awaiting them-a more varied and bountiful repast than had been sot before them the previous evening, Sally having run down to an adjacent farmhoase for supplies. The two breakfasted together d alone. Mrs Verscholye kept her room till late in the day, and her daughter, who was superintending in the kitchen, had only time to look in with a morning greeting. After breakfast the two young men held t consultation together, then set off for the town, called at the lawyer's office there, and d sent off sundry telegrams. When they re e turned to the Priory later in the day, it was a explained that Meredith had been helping d Laurence with his advice on business matters. I, " He is the best old fellow in the world, SMladge-acting with the noblest generosity i e I think all our troubles will soon be over h now," said Laurence to his sister when they were alone. "Generosity! Oh, Laurence, you won't I. take his money F" she ejaculated, a ring of e sharp pain in her voice. " Not his money !" S "I won't take advantage of him, Madge. g I swear it. Something has happened. Inm y a different man, and my whole life will be a changed." y His tone and manner gave her more hope o than even his words. " I am going to set to work in earnest, and I he will be repaid for all he means to do." t "Are you sure?" she murmured; adding t a a little doubtfully, with the remembrance of t \- past experience : " But how " t e "That you will see later on." She was to see, in another way than l that ho supposed. Meredith lost no time in a \- striving to gain the prize he had set bin heart c upon, returning again and again to the i Priory until he had won his wifo. It was the last evening of their stay at the c old place. On the morrow Margaret Ver et shoyle was to be his wife, and they were to go direct to his beautiful Devonshire homo for the purpose of comfortably installing her t · mother there, before setting forth on the I [ tour. ,Mrs Versuhoyle's health had wonder. li 1 fully improved with the knowledge of her a children 's bright prospects; and wonders i| were expected from the soft Devonshire air. They had been reading a letter from Laurence, full of hope and enthusiasm for . the new life he had begun in Canada, where j' he had ohosen to make his start, Meredith la having rendered the way easy for him. o0 As they lingered on the terrace the happy bi girl ventured to whisper out the confession si that had to be made before she became his tn wife. She must have no secrets from him tc now. " Allan, you know how-Laurence has told you what he meant to do. lut there is ah something else you ought to know. How - shall I tell you P He thought he saw a ghost that night; but, oh. Allan, itwas I." " I don'tthinlk he would have done it after Hi all, darling. I believe he would have made a clean breast of it in the morning in any ep case." " But you are not surprised to hear it was I who played the ghost the second time ." Be He replied only with a caress. 'o " Idid itin the desperation of the moment, and fear gave me courage." " The first time I have heard of fear giving courage," taking the sweet face between his hands and looking into her eyes. " Oh, well! 1 meant fear for him. I thought-I feared that Laurence was going into your room-1 watched him go; and then putting, on a long waterproof cloak, and drawing the hood over my head to look like the monk, I followed him. It was I who put the pocket.book back. "How did you manage it?" with. a smile. "You see you had left your window a little open. I calimoed the thick ivy that runs up the wall-I hIbad often done it when a child slipped my hand between the bars of the window, and putthe book upon the table." " But you forgot to raise, your hand in warnin ; and ghosts are not generally in such a hurry, I think, to say nothing of the size of the hand." "It was a soramble; did you hear me fell f" "I heard a little 'Oh !'" " Then you did know ? " " I knew Verechoyle had a very good sister." "Allan, I do not think he suspects. Ought I not to tell him the truth 1" " Not yet. Since the impression has worked such good effects, as well let him re main under it for a while. Time enough to knock down the seaffolding when the build ing is completed-eh, darling ?"-" Strand Magazine." 