THE STORY OF ANIDREW FAIRFAX. (BY JOSEPPI HIOOKING.) BOOI I. F- LDIiY e HIs Woic.' CHAPTER VI. TIlE BOTTOM RUnUG. . "Both Goethel and Sohillerweroproefoundly convinced that Art was no luxury of phii sure, no more mruusemont to charm tho idle, or rehlax the caroworn; but a mi'hoy influ " once, serious in its aims, although pleasur Sable in its means; a sister of Religion; by whose aid. thile g'ct world schemo was wrought ihto reality."-- LEWES's .Lifo Of SGoeoth. Andrew had thought IMr. Pinns' editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace com pared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, tlhe only means of warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffn was simply abomin able. Coeitainly the glories of litera ture did not seem glorious at present. The man in the box turned round on Mr. Pinns' entrance, and greeted him familiarly. 'Hdlloa, Pinns, what have you got in my way ?' ' Perhaps not much, perhaps a great deal,' replied Mr. Finns gravely. 'Let me introduce to you this young gentleman,. Mr. Andrew Fairfax.' Then, turning to Andrew, he said, 'This is Mr. Adolphus Vellum, the editor of a large number of serials for Syoung people.' Mr. Adolphus Vellum looked far more like a barman than an editor. HEe had a face that was large, red, and florid. Ho wore a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-rate order. His shirt-front was dirty and his nails were in a very bad condition. Still IMr. Adolphus ap peared .shrewd, and evidently under stood his business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. He had the dppearance of. a gentleman of means, while his being there in the company of Mr. Pinns suggested lIis connection with the lower walks of literature. So, before committing himself by either spealking in a friendly or in an editorial way he asked what he could do for Mr. Fair fax. 'This young man has been unfortu nate,' said Mr. Finns. Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. ' Ah, I s'pose so,' he said. 'Don't mistake me,' said ,Mr. Pinns, while Andrew writhed. ' He has been brought up as a rich man's son. The man whom he believed to be hia near relation died, and he has been thlrown on the world.' ' WelleU, what for that?' asked Mr. Adolphis Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. 'I have taken him on my staff,' said -r. Pinns with dignity, ' and I have brought him to you, as I know \- he could be of service to you.' 'That be blowed!' said Mr. Vellum, with polite emphdsis. 'If he's what you say he is, what use is he to me ? SI want no greenhorns here.' Had Andrew been alone, he would have walked out and left Mr. Adol plius Vellum in possession of his box with all its literary dignity; but. jMr. Finns gave him a look which decided him to remain. • ' Mr. Faif-fax has great literary. taste, great literary ability. He is a scholar-a Uniiversity man, in fact, and perfectly acquainted with French' and German.' As Mr. Pinns gave tlhiA little speech, he looked vastly importr nt, and waved his hand as though he were doing Mr. Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. . ' And what can 'I do for Mr; Fairfax?' he said, with editorial dignity, " 'He wishes to enter the fieold' of literature as a profession,' said Mr. Finns. ' He wishes to rival Thackeray,. Dickens, and Dinas,; so I've brought shim to you.' : . All this time Andrew had not spoken. At first -he was : indignant and disappointed, but he became inteiested and amused.- . ;-:: S' r. ' ullum turned to Andreov. ' Of course you will undeistand,' he said, ' that the author is' born, and not made. If you wish to take a'position' in literature, 'it must, be by steady * perseverance.. I myself,' aiid he swelled with dignity, ' have had to win , my 'spurs. .I began.as a-a printer's devil, in ?'fact, and now I'm---well, Pinns knows what I am,' and he looked proudly3 around his box. ' I havo brought . Mr. Fairfax fo you, Yellium,'-and Mr. Pinns became Ssom6what brusque, that is, he lost for a moment'. lis editorial dignity-' be cause I know that you-you would on my recommenidation giv? .'what ]ie might 'send ' to !you a---a-- fair reading' ';: ' Yes, oh 'yos,' ''said' Mir.' Vellum, with impoitance. ' .You mustlinw,' turning to Andrew again,, 'that editors in such a largo way as 'I: aid,': and li 'loboked complacently aroiind his box, * can't waste time in' reading the stufr ..of men unknowii to literature; . .As a. . ...rule we iust hvb men of ioteo Why,: think of the .nion' who ivwriite for us? SThere's. Wilkins anid' Loewkins, and many more *equally ,renowned. Of course I'made their fortunes, but .we fire alwayss honourable, and stick to old contributors. OOur readers are on the look-out for woll-kniowin ,writers, so I can assure you that you are "very fortunate ii?gptting Pinns to recom mend you. .'Otherwise, I. couldn't think of granting you suck an inter view as this.' Even to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in imlpor tance. 'I am sure it is very kind of you,' snaidL Andrew. 'Night I ask what Mr. WVilkins and Mr. Lewkins wrote ?' '?rhatt! did you never hear of Wilkins, author of "The Battle withll the Ghost, or of Lewkins, author of " Three Spring-hoeled Jacks ?" Why, man, where have you lived ?' ' WVell, I've lived among text-books a good deal,' said Andrew, ' andto I am not conversmpnt with current litera ture.' 'I should think that you must have lived out of the world,' said Mr. Vel umn. 'Wh1y, we've sold thousands of copies of "The Battle ivith the Ghost.' 'It's a striking title,' said Andrew. 'M[ight I ask what it's published at ?' ' We publish everything at a uni form price,' said Mr. Vellum. 'We charge a penny for everything.' Andrew said nothing, but he could not help smiling. ' Might I ask your rate of pay ment ?' he said. 'Some pays a uniform price for everything,' said Mr. Adolpheus Veol lum, with dignity; ' we doesn't.' Ris grammar was defective at times, and although I have not inserted them, his conversation was often garnished. with peculiar epithets. 'There are some,' he went on, 'as always pays sixpence a page, but we,' tapping hiMs breast, 'always recognise ability and experience, and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpence a page, and we've gone as high as eightpence ha'p'ny. Of course, that's very sel dom; but we've done it.' ' How many words in a page ?' 'Three hundred as near as a toucher.' ' So if you accepted .anything from me, you would begin by giving me fourpence.' ' That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is glad to write for nothing at first; but as I say, we pay fourpence. Then we can always command a sale, so we place a man before the public imme diately. Wlhen we put oir name on the title-page of a book, the public knmows it's good.' Andrew did not dare to ask whant name, as such ignorance would be. unpardonable. -' Then,~' went on Mr. Adolphus Vellum, ' we translates from the French.' For that we also pay well.' ' Might I ask how much ?' ' Vell, thlere, it's a case of reckoning scholarship agains~t genius. Of course, genius is rare, so for thllat matter is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship about as equal to high-class ability; but not up to genius. As I saidl, for right down genius we've paid as much as eight pence-ha'p'ny' a page, but for high class ability we pays sixpence a page; so we also pays sixpence a page for tranislations.' 'And if I write something for you, Qf what nature should it be ?' 'Plenty of action. Fightin' and robbin', and midnight meetin's, and like that. Read the police news a goodish bit; and look here, you can take back some things as a sample of what we publish,'. whereupon Mr. Adolphus Vellum opened a cupboard that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half a dozen books, the covers of which were em bellished with pictures of' a very startling nature.' ' This is the kind of thing we do,' con tinued Mr. Vellum,' and it's the only thingas goes right'well. Of course I can't promise to take what you write offhand, and, ans I said, I shouldn't have looked at anything but for such a recommendation as Finns'. But if you can bring me something slashing -well, we're good for fourpence a page, a page meaning three hundred words as near as a toucher. Stay, though. On FPinns' recommendation I'll give you a French thing to trans late. It's a juicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it's well done.' 'But suppose I were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you how much could I make ?' asked Andrew. ' Well, that just depends upon the quickness of your worlking. Some men can and'-d6 write as many as twenty pages a day. That at four pence apage comes to six and eight p6nce, which means a matter 6f two lpound a'week.. Of course, when you can: command theo top price, the income is-is-princeoly.' And Mri. Yelluin looked like a merchant prince who contomplated endowing a hospi tal; nay; rather, he looked like a mnember of a Board of Guardians, promising some poor out-door relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on account of continued sick ness. Andrew left soon after, and went back to his don with a weary heart. Mr. Finns accompanied him a part of the .way, and assured him that Mr. Vellum ivould,. doubtless, accept his stories if ;he would put sufficient blood curdling excitement into thein. 'Goodness knows I have work enoughli at lst,' thought the young iman. :.' What with:collecting news for Mr. Pinns' paper, reviewi g his books, and writing for Mir. Adolphus Vellutn, I have my hands full.' And he laughed almost bittiorly. . He sat down before his smoky fire, and obegan to think. It: was a dreary piospect that lay jbeforo him. He, educrited ,as a gentleman, ob-h liged to :work for a man like . lMr. Adolphus Velluni in order to get broad! Surely, surely he could do something else! He thought of his experiences in trying to got work, and he could see not a particle of hope in that quarter. Then his mind went back to the old lifo, and he thought of his old friends. 'No, no,' he said bitterly, setting his teeth, 'I will rather starve than have anything to do with them. Be sides, I should go mad now to be dependent on anyone for my bread. I1ll face the matter fairly. I'm a working farmer's son. I have no aristocratic blood in my veins. All my nucostors worked among the fields for a bare lihing. It was by pure adcident I got lifted into another sphore of life. I had no righ~t to it; I never did anythling for it. I am a plebeian. Still, I have enough of my forefather's honesty and pride in me not to be dependent on, or sponge on, anyone. I have hands and brains, and I can work. It is no use for me to go hungering after the old life. It can never be mine until I have earned it.' Again he set before his mind the employment he had obtained. Gather ing one column of news a week, for which he wasto receive five shillings ! An occasional review of some cheap book by ah unknown publisher, which might bring him half a crown extra. In addition to this there was ' penny dreadful' work for 1\r. Adol phus Vellum., He had heard of the 'penny dreadful' literature before, but he nevei ]knew what it meant until now, and the thought that he was to engage in it was almost sickening. 'I'll see what this French thing is lik6,' he said; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. (To be continued.) 