l'uesdays and BridAysn `,-TUESDAY, JULY :S8, 13?3. ! RELIGIOUS INTOLEfANCE. BEFOliR the. dawn of Christianity men were morally vivages lions and tigers killing their. weakerh kind and living-. on. their blood; insects and reptiles tormenting one another; swine sallowing in mire; in fine, the scum of a fallen nature. But, as soon as the Saviour of earth' appeared, humanity: raised its head and looked .nto :the Heavens. , One would havel.thouglit' that, in the midst of 'this glorious: Christian life of ours,??anrid 'all its effuigent radiance under "the hlight of; the . Cross.' men ought to know? how to iiv in concord: But such, it would appear, is not the case Nor do some people wish it to be so. Especially is that noticeable with regard to certain f ministers of religion-men who, above all others in our midst, ought to be in earnest in their preaching of the gospel of " peace. on earthl ajd good will towards men.", Orn the conitrary, that accursed dei?on iieligious in tolerance --=is still abroad.; Like 'a certain nameless character.it is 8 ging about amongst us like a' oarino-i lion,: seeking whom it: reany; devour. Yea, ribid withl invective and pestiferous in nature,, it is alive -a malady, a curse, a viper in the graiss' Uifortuniely, it-is' still abiding inBenliaha, for oii Friday night again it showed its -deimoniac visage at the Orange demonistration:. What was said at that affair ' is reported in, another coilunin.ýAs sill be thereby seen,twoi locail miniitefrsofreligion brought out the 'bug -bear named. upon tlihe boards- of a public hill One of them was lr yian, a preachel of tlie'Primitive Methodist dengmanotnon a?lho declared tie otlier: -a,) nn teises of great -'slenmnity?':tlist.a " bull and dog:fighting',theothlcr being tM. r urahani,- a representative of 'tie Wesleyans Church-a recent 'arrisal is Benalla if .ever two meni in this country cut a:pitiable figure as denunci? ator of :Catholics . Popery hld i-Home% I Rule, these people dirdt ;`One ofih~ltm' Mr Vianin the nmadness of his indiscretion, said :last years. aiid listen, after'only thrie monthsf residence amongst us too!-that, 'if Catholics had the power, they :would i.make us (Orangemen) worship the VirginMary." That was a. bit of vulgar twaddle, ifyou 1 like-it might hiave gone, down; yvery well a hundred years ago; but today it is detestable. On Friday night again he. aggravated. that by saying this " we should strenuously oppose thd errors of 'the o Romish Church anid the acts " of Catholic Worship." What bigotted rubbish I His co-adjutor, -Mr, Graham-too, .played a "most edifying part for one' who claims, by virttie of his:' gari;", to be- a gentle-. man, In the fume of his verbosity, and .in the gravity of issI 'Idesire 'to show a Christian heart, he talked for a ?hile -not about the Papacy, but ut it,, and then let off, for the delectation of his audience,'. a' heaven inspired sen-. tence- deny it w:i.:oso list"' in which liej', asseverated, *! the true church.(his lwn ? we suppose) 1 " is composed of those who lhave been regeneiaited'n by: the Holy Ghost That-ist something akiin 't o ihai tIhe Salvationt Am " It is a) heavenly habitation.'! So is th" ' On this rock I have built my c?church -and. C the gates of hell shalt not prevail against ii.": So is that, too, although it. 'would have been a greatdeal better if the :speaker had said which church he really .meant- whether it was his own, that belonging to the Scotch, the 'Anglican c .or St Peter's at Rome. Altogether his peroration, particularly that part: of same relating to the Holy Ghost, was a volume of inane drivel, especially' from a public point of view, in which E respect we are criticising it, and a bigoted diatribe against the people of an ancient creed. "As for the re marks of Mr, Vian little need be said. All that speaker has done is this, and a .a serious:thing it is, as he himself niust realise, if he has any understanding he has repeated, without rhyme :or t reiason, a bitter¢ cilumny 'against 'thel Catholics, composed of many.estimnlble, "people, and a vile: andiinpardonable t insult. Every, fair nmiided: Protestant, especially those of that denominiation 0 who tride with Catholics, will' doubt? less iagree that thlis iso. A's an matter I of fact,' Catholics ad 'Protestants, i in the main;, et on .pecefully and- well together here; and anyone who seeks to ti disturb that harmony so characteristic re of their life, ought truly to be 'sent at 0 once- Tnot to a stake to lie scotirged, nor home to be dipped in the Boyne, but to .that citizen of light and leading I fc -Mro Graham to be regenerated, A Haven save our souls friim tliefire of o bigotry-it is verily an abstract hell I " Rouse ye U!ster" nevermore, Amen cc :iast evening's ' Herald" says .ihait fa after all an inoome tax is not likelyi to 'P *be impoidd' GCood) I th : In. the looal Insol\eney Court o?mb ad Friday, beforu Hi Honor Julidge Wor- it thinton, James Williams and H7.?E. ye Sorrenason nmadtle application for dispein. in sation of certificates. Tiei applicatios , was granted in each case. Pc: The Governor of Vieouri.sget a £10,000 a year out of -the- public an revenue; but all others who succeed no him aro 'to be paid onljy £7000i.O A hill embodying that principle is now: in/ biefore the:Assembly, as well as reduen-'. ;ons in tite silarins paid to Minister: up by .20 per failt. This will :coma into tlie effect ainfidt imoiiediately, togetheri tlh' 'di, lobweriig- of'tlieallowsnnces of risambers the ofParliament from £300 to £270. '' ~n zr_`i_:l::'i·:·-·- ' '~c;i y American telegrams report that, in I consequence of the closing of mines and general paralysis of business in the State of Colorado consequent on the o heafy fall of silver, which has throwni 30,000 miners out of employment, the Governor. of the State has' summoned ..the .Legislature to a special session, with the.view of passing a bill to sus" pend the legal power of enforcing the collection of debts for a period of two a years: .: . Amongst. the private bills of the session now circulated in Parliament is..one for dealing with unclaimed funds. It contains- provisions to'the' deffect that every comspariy'on the first e.day otf January in each year is to ctier in a register all unclaimed moneys exceeding five pounds in any account which hias not been operated upon for six years,'and that all unclaimed money e not paid to the owner within two'years d after_ publication of notice in the " Government Gazette" shall be paid by the company to the Treasurer who shall., pay it into 'the consolidated Srevenue. - a' The following inuimals are impounded at the Bonalla shire pound, and if 'iot claimed and expenses paid, will be sold oni the 9th proximo :-One red" cait, (polledliike ' . bl,tchd off ribs) ) two red ttihfer:s (o ti a spriungor and timle other :with s'white under belly; buth ! lii lmndetd 'T or' F Iblotched, off ribs) 6 ioi oblack imitide "(st, off htib d foot Si;hvbite, s-re lnhk t; 'iiiit;o bhrand); su oti bIty liorse'(colt blzit, ftwr feet shiod; braided'RJ. near shoulder, C or Sofft shoulder). People wh1io stand through the post copies! o6f!: cheap: illustratedi; comic papers'- coniplins thai. they- -.'are not del ivreid; : They ar unider the imin pression.thit thlese.publications may be I postedias newspapers, anid stamp them. accordingly with .d; stamps; In the postal regulations they are classified as. printed matter, on which is the'packet rate of id for 2 oz. Many papers are destroyed in consequence of theiri not bearing sufficient postage. The-following tr?iisfer of a lease hold' is gazetted approved :-From. Jane Williams'to James H. Williams,? 320x, Toorour. The. Australian cricketers .'have defeated the county of .Stissox;by. eight wickets. -Murdoch, the old.New South Wales ,player, captainedthbe English. men. Yesterday the' team commenced tithe first of the test'matches against England, and will have a hard task, the home combination being a very power. ful one. ....What can be done by means 'of ensilage, (says the Yea "Chronicle") and a good breed of' cows has:. often been strongly urged in our columns.. The following letter, from . Mr. Jno; Moodi;e, Benalla, to Mr' H. Burness, SNewry "Park, emphasies .our oonten. tion in a better way than anything w,e. can "possibly add to it:-" "My ensilage I is; lasting -very well ; we. have been feeding 15 'rows on it since the 17th of I Foirutary, and it will last till the' end of July; so thait is very good, consider ing that I'got thle pit full off 3 acres of :oats.' It was a very heavy crop. ' It iwould. have.made' about 10 tons of hay, i anidi there wiould be about 30 tons of einsilage, aaccording to expert's experi. I encs We are taking our milk to the creamery again. We have 33 gallons r daily, and get 31d, a gallon for it, A neighbor draws 40 gallons] from 38 I cows; which is a very poor return from su:h a number. It is no use dairying unless people make up their minds to feed their cows in the winter, I am now putting in 4 acres of peas and oats for ensilage, and tintend to cut them with a machine, as I think the outs will hold the peas up. MIr Sharp's prize (£10 10s.) ensilage was composed of peas. It was very sappy, and if you took a handful you could squeeze the juice out' of it. That's the way it should be to make milk." ' The application of Isabella Simpson for a license for 261 acres of land, in the parish of Wondoomarook, is gazetted approved. A recent issue of the "Age" contains a strong article against the proposed income tax. As a substitute for the 'same it advocates an impost of a half penny in the £ on all rateable property throughout the colony, by which means, it says, £444,482 carn be raised. If the latter scheme be adopted municipal bodies will.be called upon to collect the tax'whilst gathering their own. t ":Ellen M'Auliffe's lease for 32 acres of land, in the parish of Laceby. is gazetted'rdvoked:. :'-.r .: , Regulations under the Land-'Act 1890, are piublished in a supplementary "Government Gazette". just issued. They relate principally to surveys, fdes for surveys, method of making applica lions for leases and licences, :'transfers t resumptions, agricultural allotments, occupation of auriferous lands,. splitters c and saw-millers' licenses, leases for b wattle cultivation, etc. The London "Times" publishes: thhe following letter from "A Shareholdeir in I Australian banks": --If people would only pause and think they.wouldy:sooti. realise the truth of tlihe statement made P in" your columns last week; that "the colonies, whatever blunders may have fw have been committed, are just as sol- o ivnt a doiicern as can befound on' the c face of the globe. For instance, the ' present wool. clip .is I,r4o;ooo bales, I lwhlichl at £32.per bale means no less tlsan'2,oo,8oooo; and if the recent r 'advance of so per cent, be maintained h it meanis a further £2,2oo,ooo. In five Ci years, 1886 to r89i, the wool clip has " increased frbm r,184,723 bales to t oj7I,'53-6oy,ooo bales, or about:gr 5 f per cent. ,Then, again; there are this t' year nearly 500,0oo tons. of wheat b available for export between Victoria h and Soiuth Australia;: worth in rounid t nimbers £3,doo,b0o '; '0 Tho people of Wangaratta are kiek- f ing up a row because they do hot P possess an Assize Court. Lattly tlley ~l eipplied for- tlme iistitutimii one in their, midst .bu -tlte ,application Wiliis disoounterinncnd;- A iothler effort is on tihe ed r ofehelsl g Imade to a-hi o t', ImT e m nid referted to fo in Some person or persons unknown as robbed the clothes-line of nMr James e O'Halloran, at one time a resid to Benalla, at Tungamah a eset of .i nights ago. The articles stolen con te siste- of blankets, shirts and under d clothing of various kind's; n, Last week the Assembly agreed t, v the immediate. construction of rail . e lines from Dimboola to Jeparit and o Boort to Quamliatook. They will cost front £.25,000 to £ry'3 too ill Some of the suppliers of iilk to the at t Jamnes creamery are receiing ,d high as 43d per galloni for their ilas e' asnon-shareholders, under tie 'a' st ment by result" system. If othr conay. ar panies would follow the example set by ,s this proprietary and adopt a- siilar It system of paying their suppliers, our sr dairy-farmers would no doubt sec the y advantages obtaining from keeping none s but good butter-producing cows. e It is the intention of the Government y to give substantial aid to the wlne o growers of the colony in the same d manner as the dairying industry has been assisted. ' The proposal is to give d bonuses to encourage the establishment ,t of "wineries," to which small vignerons d can sell their produce, either, in the ; grape; or as must; For the first year o £ro,ooo will' be setatside for- this"pig.' pose, and thereafter. for threie years I, further sums of £0o,ooo per annum, making £40,ooo in all. The scheme t will be elaborated in the Treasurer's B; Budget statement.. , If a telegram from Toronto he Strue, an 'Act-16 of Parliament has lately; been:. palsed in. Canada which t provides' tliat,? curfew: bell is to be c rung ittall cities, towns and villages at a nine o.b'cl?c at;t nighlt, and that all 'persons unrder seventeen years of age e found' after :?i ;t h'iour in the streets without the permission of their parents Sor: guardianis are to be punished by fine and i:mpriisonmeti. Children of t tender years so found, are to be placed in %ome (publicinstitution, and kept t therie tintil" the G'overnment sees fit to releas' them i T'1 he Act is said to meet with' tlh 'generi:' approval of the ,,Canadian public,, Cns"iderabil"dis?satisfaction exists in certain quarters in ielastion to some of the ?ew rates' :ch'aiged by the railway auithoritids for tie carriiage of goods by rail. .As was ?itied' last- week in the SEasioan,'li Mt, riJ: ,Peters,' contractor, I Benalla.hliadto' payrates amounting to t C2: for £6o wcrth of timber carried by theidepartment from Melbourne to Devenish ;'and that'gentle,nan declares that.he could have had the same stuff carted for less by. waggoners. That Mr Peters is'not: the only parson who has a grievance'in the direction indi cated is a'fact: tiiply borne out by the following: paragraph, taken from the " Wangaratta Dispatch" .- "During the week MrI"A. Siith,' Peechelba, carrier,. 'despatched from Wangaratta two waggon loads of oats, to be de liveredin Melbourne, Which he has en gaged to do 'at a much cheaper rate than would be charged by rail carriage. The waggons have return loadings ensured them from -Mflbourne, which' also he: can take to Wangaratta at a considerable',_ 'reductioni. on railway freight, which f ,ct :sh`w veff .?a" how exorbitant the railway charges are.' The sooner the guthorities alter this state of things the better. The "'Seymour Telegraph" calls public attention to the fact that a tax on bachelors is in the wind, and asserts that a similar impost was levied on all unmarrii d young men' under 21 years of age in New Zealand ten years ago. If the Government tax young fellows in this way they ought to have a slop at the old buffers too and levy a duty on bald Iieads. In cases such as these it 'would be a very 'easy thing to prove the debt I A hand-to-hand fight took place' at Donnybrook on the 12th instant between three railway meanthe' out come of a discussion' on the qualities of Williams Prince of Orangr. Although a good deal was said about that dead King in the Shire hall, Be nalla, on Friday night nobody seemed inclined to have a "go in." Quite right, too-what is the use of batter. ing living faces for the sake of a, box of dead bones I The "Tungamah Express" states: Mr N. E, Jennings, the shire engineer has issued a writ for £1000 for 'dam ages against Commissioner Williams the chairman of the Yarrawonga Water Trust for alleged slander. The cause occurred at last meeting when Mr 'Jannings was applying for a testimonial, and the Chairman, it is stated, said if one were given to him.the name of T, E. Lloyd should be coupled with his." The Lloyd alluded to was convicted for embezzlement at last week's sitting of the Benalla Supreme Court. :?r Stennett, till lately a commer dial traveller, well known in Bonalls, but now a life assurance agent, was neiarly drowned last week at Soymour. According to the "Seymour Expreas" hlie attempted to drive a horse and buggy nordss a creek in that district, arnt whilst doing so-. his' vehicle partially overturned, Mr Stennett fl'ling'headforemost into about seven feet of water. " Unfortunately," says our contemporary, "his foot becams caught between the brake and the wheels, with the result that hlie was left. hanging perpendicularly in the water, while the reins were tangled round his left hand. In this position he remained until he was almost un' conscious, but happily at the last moment hio got hisa feet free, and rose to the susface. He at once struck oet for the bank, whilh hie just maiaged to reach, his pipe being firnlly grasped between his teeth, and iis glsses and hat as undisturbed as if Ito had bees taking a tu'rn bo the block. 'liThe application "of William Blsunt for a lease of 403 acres of hind, in thie parish of Whitfield, ia gazetted approved. Jog CoGoddard, the English pugilisis a passenger for Sydney by the Alhmeda. Ile'will remain in Austrelii eforfour montlhs;sand chaletiges ay?ly?n to box foez ?1,000 :aside ;. - 