STLOY NOTES. By " OnRINe." The Bicycle! This is what The Auntra lian Cyclist has come to champion, and what is it? Ah! Enthusia te wheelmen cherish feelings akin to lore towards the bicycle that carries them. Over smooth roads, over rough roads, the rider and machine go together; through rain, in eunshine, each seeming to share eqnally the hardships or pleasures of the way. Sometimes you really fancy the' there is something more than cold steal in your wheels. When, for instance, bounding along a trail across the wide open plains on a spring morning, while a gentle southerly breeze fans past you; you feel tbat the thing which carries you has life indeed. It responds to the softest pressure on the pedals, sparkles in the sunshine, and rolls on with noiseless speed, while the distance rustes towards you. Then again as the shadows of departing day creep on, your wheels howl along the peaceful valley as quio tly as tholuglh thley fain would disturb the twilight quietude of the sylvan scene. The Arab's love for Ihis fleet stead is no keener than the wheelmen's regard for his silect wheel. Tlis is the touting side of cycling, but there are othersides that are quitedifferent. Nowadays we hear nothing of the pleasures of wheeling, and it's all dry-as.dust business that file befoe our gaze. However, pleasure follows business, so may we hope soon to see a league really formed; and then, depend upon it, all branches of the spert will be as foll of life as a dog and poultry show. What is thle use of the clubsbarneying over Scertain points," or giving their "earnest consideration" to nay subject affecting the constitution of the league? First of all, let the leaoue be formed, and then the cotuncil of the league can soon decide the rest. We know what too many cooks do, and the old story is likely to be repeated if all tlhe Johanias in Victorian wheeldom give their dumb votes- tocluding racing men from the Board, snubbing sccial men, orrailing at the trade. It is assumed that the touncil will be composed of sensible men, tlherefore, the sooner they are allowed to get toreal earnest work the better. Is the name League of Victorian Wheel. men comprehensive enough? Melthinks I see in the near fuoture an expansion cf this means of government. Adelaide wants it now. N.S.W. will, and Queensrland may, while New Zealand should desire to be cone nected under the same banner. "League of Australian Wheelmen' with centres every where, and consuls in every squar-, would seem to be fit stones to build up the free masonry of the wheel. Cyclists shoold be exempt from the In come Tax, because they have to pay such a lump to the Customs-27j percent. on every bicycle imported into Victoria. Who wants this duty on bicycles? If the trade does not then I'm certain the riders who have to pur chase the machines don't. Wheelmen are pretty good at grumbling when there is a bad handicap for even a small prize race; but. neverthelees, they seem to take kindly to the tax which adds 410 per cent. to the price of their machines, and thus takes as much out of their poches as would enable them to smoke first-rate cigars all the year round, and give them a uniform and free subEcrip tion to their club. Road riding being such a free, easy, and jolly exercise, so health promoting and conducive to light-heartedness that we can not wonder at wheelmen occasionally mani festing exuberance of spirits. As a rule, however, road riders are a most temperate lot, and generally abstain from heating liquore, which in athletes osually' tend to noisy fun and frolic. What 1.B.1. man is there who will not remember some of those jolly runs to Beaumaris and the quiet spin home in the early hours, the soft choruses, the "battle of the black ghosts," from whom they fled filled with the spirits of the Grey hound? I shan't forget the days when I was young I - "For wheel or woe I" is the motto of the boy who mounts his first bicycle. You can bet it's generally for woe.- rchange. 