Melbolrnlie Letter. :o: [BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.J Tttl first volume of aIr. Stead's latest journalistic venture, " Borderland " is creating a stir, and already a number of gentlemen are forming a Psychical llesearcil Society in Melbourne, on the lines of the parent Society in London. The " Study of Spooks " will be the first business which the Society will take up, and it is not anticipated that there will be any dilliculty in enrolling a large number of citizens who will eagerly enter into the investigation. The majority of people scoff at the statements made by Spiritists, but the fact still remains that very strange things do take place at seances, and are vouched for by persons of unimpeachable character. " P'eople who argue against the authenticity of ghosts, on the ground that they violate the known laws of matter, reason on the assumption that there are no ideas of matter which they do not know, or, in other words, that there are no more dis coveries to be made in the domain of the invisible." These are the encouraging words with which a leading journal greets the new society in Melbourne, whose members will enter upon their investiga tions into the mystic in the frame of mind which Isaac Newton was in when Ie said : "To myself I seem to have been a child playing on thesea shore, while the immense ocean of truth lay unexplored before'me," Ib'efore )1r. Stead launched "Borderland" he issued a prospectus of the journal to every eminent man in England, and asked for an expression of opinion on the project. Most of the replies were of a discouraging character. One professor of chemistry wrote : " I am inclined to fear that the publication of your " Borderland," however well intentioned, may tend to increase the population of our lunatic asylums ;" and a Roman Catholic lBishop expressed him self in this way : 'The intelligence you speak of (antomatic writing) is no other than the Devil, and if you continue such unlawful intercourse with the unseen, you will necessarily be misled to your ruin by the enemy of God, the murderer of scuts, and the liar from the begin ning." Lord Cranbrook, an old veteran in his Soth year, sent the following touching reply to Stead : " The questions mooted have not occupied my serious attention, and as I am on the Border, I must wait for the crossing to learn." The latest testimony in support of the belief that the spirits of the dead do visit this earth is furnished in connection with the death of Admiral Tryon. At Lady Tryon's party, given on the fatal evening of the collission between the Victoria and Camperdown, a well-known lady saw the figure of th!e Admiral on the staircase. She was greatly surprised, and coming across a friend told her what she had seen, adding, " I must go and tell Lady Tryon what a pleasant surprise she has given us all, and I must find Sir George to speak to him. Upon this the second lady said, " Do not say anything to Lady Tryon. I saw Sir George too. and I spoke to her, and she seemed annoyed. She said " It was all nonsense, as Sir hieotge was with his ship." The testimony of Mr. L. MI. Shoo bridge, the well-known Tasmanian orchardist, who returned from Etrgland last week, having gone homre to inquire into the prospects of the fruit export trade, is of much . interest just nosv. Speaking, with reference to his own colony, Mr. Shoobridge, says, " our only chance is with apples, but I fancy that in Victoria you will eventually find your best trade in grapes-and I should be slow to acknowledge failure in making test shipments, for I believe they can be carried dut all right. There is a very large market for apples if they could be sold retail at 3d. or 3hd., per lb, tin with 4s. 6d. freight on a 4olb case, and the cost of picking, packing cases, and general charges bring it from ;s. to 7s. 6d. we cannot afford to expand. As the retail price for fruit in London is about 5so per cent more than the whole sale price, you will be able to judge what chance we have of a large trade with present charges. In the \Vest end they can afford to pay fancy prices in small lots, but the cemand there is soon met, and if you send apples to the Northern towns especially, they must be cheap. To take a fruit broker's list as a guide to future planting would be altogether mis. leading, as the small parcels invariably bring the best prices. Thus, if you put a shipment of to cases of Scarlet Permains and 1,0oo cases of Rhymers, the former will bring the best prices, but if the bulk were reversed the prices would be reversed too. The favorite apple in British trade, is a hard fleshed sappy apple, of slightly acid flavor; but thouegh they like a highly coloured apple as . rule, there is no constancy in this particular preference, and last year yellow apples, such as Newtown Pippins were fetching better prices than the Permains. As soon as an aple:h gets common there is a desire for a change. Provided, an apple fills the requirements with regard to firmness and flavour, the name is not a matter of consequence, but unless new sorts are in small lots, there is a dislike to experiment with them. We shall be able, I think, to save in one or two details, but the two big considera tions are having to sell so far below the retail price for'a big tradle and the heavy freights. I told English fruit brokers that in a little time Australia would be able to supply them all thIe apple. they can sell, and thely all say that when it comes to puttintg 50,000 cases a week on the market the rates must come down. With reference to shipping rates, Mr. Shoo. bridge says, " The companies hIold out very little hope of coming down much. They get 80s perton-space is all taken by measurement-for the carriage of meat,and if we want to displace meat, which isa handycargo, we must pay 90os. per ton. The only hope I can see at present, is that the colonies may come together and couple the mail contracts with a regular fresh food service, in which a large space will be guaranteed at minimum rates, as suggested by the last postal conference. If we are to get any reasonable share of the British mnarkets, we must work together. I have felt as!tamed when I heard Englishmen laughing over the idea of the Australian colonies building up tariffs against each other. They thought it childish and ridiculous. Thesooner we have inter colonial free trade the better for our reputation, just now we are a laughing stock." Tl'o many people, the exportation of fruit from the Australian colonies to England, appears very much like send ing coals to Newcastle, and only the other day the following pertinent ques tion was put to me by a gentleman in the city. " Hlow is it that fruit can be exported from Australia to the United Kiindor, at a profitt after paying freight insurance, dock, and other dues, and allowing for loss by deteriorition, when whole acres of apple otchards of choice varieties in England, cannot be sold at a prait ; and within the last few years the owners have had to cut down tfull bear ing trees, and turn the ground into pasture ' " The answer to the first part of the urestinn, is that our apples arrirve in Eungil:nd after thie hono season closes, and consequently there is a demand for the fruit ; bat I cannot explain the free cutting down of full bearing trees in England. If my questioner is correct in his statement, then the position appears a very puzzliing one, in face of the fact that Canada exports large quantities of apples to England, and the seasons of the two countries are the same. Australian apples generally arrive in England in a sound condition, while the English fruit preserved from the last season must, under the most advan tageous circumstances, be withered to some extent, and therefore, not equal to the Australian article. It is gratifying to announce that the draft scheme in connection wiih the re construction of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited, which has been delayed by the holiday season in London, is now com-. plete and has been fully approved by the several groups interested therein. It is anticipated that the scheme verbatim will be telegraphed to Melbourne during the next week, and as the terms of the arrangements are .practically settled, it till not take long to complete the necessary formalities. The extensive business of the company has been carried on at all points since the. temporary suspension, in tihe name of the New Zealand Land Association Limited, and matters have proceeded without interrup. tion, and as smoothly as though there had been no financial panic to disturb the community. 