SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1893. ENTIRELY apart from the action itself, with thomeritaof which we have nothing to do, there were one or two features in connection with the O'Brien v. O'Brien and Hollander divorce case, recently tried in the Supreme Court, of general interest and mora than passing import ance. It furnished one of the many in states in which the liberty of the law yer degenerated into licence, though fortunately in the present instance the license was not allowed to go unrebuked by the presiding judge. As very often happens in proceedings for divorce, charges of breaches of the marital obli gations, advanced by the petitioner, have been mot by counter charges of a like nature. But while the petitioning hus band in this case confined ltiu accusation of adultery by tlio wife as with only one person, whom lie made co respondent in the suit, the legal advisers of the respon dent permitted like accusations against the husband to be made as affecting many women. Of course, in the legal formalities necessary to suoli proceed ings, the time and plaoc of .the alleged wrong-doing, together with the names of the parties thereto, have to bo given, and at once through the Press become publio information. In this case the names of the women with whom the husband, was alleged to have sinned were duly published, and thus they were branded with immorality without having been given thn slightest chance of clear ing their characters of the staiu put upon them. And when the crucial test of the witness-box was inado by tho legal advisers of the person to whom the charges were due, the evidence given, in .no instanoe at leant, sliowod the accusa tion to have been entirely without foun dation. Not only did tho witness whose ovidouca was asked, presumably for the purpose of substantiating the charge, plainly admit that she had no intention of suggesting immorality, but further that she hud never given the solicitors acting for the respondent, whose witness she was, any reason to balieve that she could or would make such a suggestion. And this information was only obtained after an innocent, woman had beon pilloried in the public Press as an adul tress. Commenting on this in indignant terms, Mr. Justice Harding said to the respondent's counsel: " This helpless lady cannot appear, and it was your duty to bring the charge clearly home, or else to clearitup. There issuch atliing as oppres sion and fright, in order to bring a liti gant to tonm. If .you had gono on long enough, you could have brought every lady's name in Brisbane into this matter, and shod an ovil breath on thcin all." And later on, when counsel pointed out that in the later reports the Press had left the name of the slandered lady blank, his Honor rejoined : " Yes; but as if every woman in Brisbane did not know who is referred to." He promised to take very decisive action, " in a way that would open some poople's eyes," at the conclusion of the trial; and lie was as good as his word. But is it really possible that, even for the purpose of "oppression and fright, in order to come to terms," the privileges of the bar are such that they can with impunity cast suspicion recklessly aud without reason on any woman's fair fame, good name, and honor 1 If such bo the case, every woman in Queensland has cause to be grateful to Mr. Justice Harding for the indignant protest he has made against what can only be termed privileged out rage. By-and-bye, the oharges and counter charges made by the husband and wife against each other having been declared, by the jury to be untrue, it became the judge's duty to dismiss the petition for divorce and to deal with the question of oosts. The latter he did by distributing them pretty equally among the parties to the action, so that in this respect neither tho petitioner, the co-res pondent, nor their respective legal cham pions have very, much to congratulate themselves upon. Judge Harding spoke in terms of strong denunciation of the practice of "sweating cases" which he seems to think is becoming too prevalent in the legal profession. And surelyhe ought to know. It had been done in the present case.. "But it is not only here," his Honor went on, " it is in all branches of tho court. Only let a man sue a defendant, and then the thing is to counter claim, however frivolous, and take every possible step that the rule? and forms of the court allow. It is always the same-tack on and pile up the agony." Yes, it is always the same, and we fear always will be unless the judges come to the rescue of unfortunate litigants, who now struggle hopelessly to free themselves from the grip of the "sweaters" who bar the way to our superior courts and levy blackmail upon all and sundry. ACCORDING to the official roport of the Under-Secretary to tho Treasury, laid before Parliament last week, there was nearly a million and three-quarters ster ling at credit of 47,091 depositors in the Queensland Government Savings Bank at the end of December last. It may be of interest to a good many of our readers just now to hear how this large sum of money is held or invested, for the scare which so recently shook the soundest of our financial institutions to their centra was not without its cfTect upon the Savings Bank. All over the country, from the semi-insolvont cities on the Eastern coast to remote Uran dangi and oth'er unpretending hamlets on tho western border, panic-stricken depositors wore rushing with their pass books to Savings Bank officers to save their all from the iron grip of that most fearsome of modern ghosts-the pro visional liquidator - whose reading of the laws of meum and luum are not in strict accord with the views which used to prevail among the old fashioned folk in the pre-reconstruction days. The panic is now happily at an end; the majority of the people who did business with the banks of issue know the worst, or think they do. They have been com pelled to submit to the terms offered, however iniquitous; they have been forced to lend money to institutions whose stability is not by any meanB be yond question, and who have graciously promised to let them have tho use of n portion of it again when times get better, provided such a course should bo found convenient by the boards of directors aud profitable to the shareholders. There is prevalent among the thousands of vic tims of these peculiar proceedings a spirit of discontent and distrust which bodes ill for bank shareholders in the years to come; but there are, we know, a class of people who are extremely difficult to please, a class of whom it has been said that they would grumble if they wore going to bo hanged. Those people - according to tho whito-waist coated gentlemen who for yoars IHVVO been drawing fat dividends from their .bank investments, and who am now de manding principal as well as interest those pooplo should remember that things might have been vory much worse, and should be thankful that the ruin has not been universal. And indeed the fact that we have still three banks of issue left to serve as a solid foundation for the future, commerce of the country is the only vestige of silver lining to tho dark cloud of depression which overhangs the whole continent; but for its presence we aro in a very small measure, if at all, indebted to those institutions which have BO signally failed to discharge their obli gations to their customerB. Of tho purely Queensland institutions-if the I term may bo permittod in connection with. a State rcspository-the only one which has managed to weathor tho storm is tho Government Savings Bank. It > had at credit of 47,000 depositors at the close of last year, as already stated, uo less a sum tlmn £1,723,000, which was held as follows-Invested in Queensland Government debentures, £940,000, one third of the amount bearing interest at rate of 6 per cent, and two-thirds at the into of i per cent. ; on fixed deposit with tho Queensland National Bank, £500,000 ; mid at credit of current account in tho sumo bank, £282,000. Tho Government debentures yield £40,000 per annum, and interest on tho dosposits in the bank bring the total interest income up to £7f>,000, a sum sufficient to pay interest^ on deposits, salaries, charges and contingencies, and leave a credit balance of £6,347. Since 1888 the deposits have shown a steady falling off; they totalled £1,087,257 in the year named, as against £865,810 in 1892\. For tho quinquennial period, 1888 to 1892 inclusive, the deposits totalled £4,707,704, while tho with drawals amounted to £4,748,235 rather more than £40,500 in excess of the re ceipts. It must bo remembered, how ever, in considering and estimating the I value of these figures as a guide to the financial condition of the mass of the people, that the rate of interest paid to depositors was reduced on tho 1st of September, 1890, from 5 to 4 per cent., and this step no doubt had the effect of diverting to other more profitable if less safe channels a considerable quantity of money which would have flowed into, or been allowed to remain in, the Savings Bank had the interest not been so re duced. The panic of three weeks ago was so general and so wild that even usually level-headed men gave way to the feeling of insecurity, but now that reason has returned no sane being will attempt to question the security -of moneys deposited in the Savings Bank, for tho bank cannot bscome a defaulter until the State repudiates its obligations to the public creditor, and that is a contingency' too remote for serious contemplation. A PARAGRAPH published in Tuesday1® Arffw prepared ua for the war of railway tariffs that is evidently about to be waged between New South Wales and Queensland with the view of securing the wool and other traffic of the vast territory lying along oar southern and western borders from Goondiwindl right away round to Birdsvilie. The bulk of this traffic has hitherto gone, and is still going, to New South Wales ports over tho railway lines of that oolony which have their termini at Bourke and Norribri. Thus, for the year 1892 no less a quantity than 28,670 bales of Queensland wool, weighing nearly 11,000,000 lbs., and valued at over £400,003, crossed into Now South Wales, while the quantity which came eastward to our own ports was comparatively small. Moreover, it must bo borne in mind that supplies oome in by the route which tho wool takes outward. We are, to state tho caso briefly, losing about four-fifths of the trade of our border districts ; and this state of things might havo gone on fot years had not our grasping neighbors, by meanB of secret contracts, and differential rates, endeavored to secure what littlo is left to us. There is limit eveu to the endurance of our Railway Commissioners, .aud it was reached when the sec rot contract device was resorted to byour neighbors. Mr. Mathieson aud hit colleagues brought tho matter under the notice of the Minister for Railways last week, and it is now announced that Parlia ment will be asked to impose an export duty on wool leaving Queensland borderwise. Meanwhile the General Traffic Manager has been despatched to the south-western districts to advieo the squatters not to make contracts with the New South Wales Commissioners pending the issue of tho revised rates of oar riagc which are to be brought into operation on the Western lino almost immediately. Wo have spent millions of monoy in building rail ways into the iutcrlor, aud we spend thousands yearly in subsidising a steam service to tako ?our produco to the markets of the old world j having done this, wo ought to see that we get the trade of our own territory. Aud we have no doubt tho measures now being concerted by tho Railway Commissioners and the Govern ment will brin); about that result. ' BOOTH AND SHOKS.- Even in these hard times you need not wear a shabby pair of boots when you can buy a pair of Lady's Boots for 2s Od at H. Benjamin & Co.'a* PERAMBULATING OFFICIALS.-Mr. McLean and Professor Sheltoi), o! the department oi Agriculture, left Brisbane for Rockhampton and Mackay on Tuesday. After attending the show at the former place, and conferring with the farmers, they will go on to Mackay, where thoy are due ou Tuesday, tho 13th instant. From that port Mr. M'Lean will proceed to a number of islands between there and Bowen, on which oncoaouts and other plants of economic value are being cultivated. About 7,500 cocoauut trees have been planted. H. BBNJAMIN & Co. are making a speciality of Tea-a really nice quality you can buy there at Is Od per lb.* " BBINOISQ COALS TO NKWCASTMS."-Says tho TelegraphHow is it that it pays to import coopering staves all the way from little Tasmania, when Queensland has any quantity of material ut home ? A shipload arrived the other day for a local firm. Only about 100 miles away, at Killarney, if nD nearor, tliore is some splondid timber suitable for cooperage purposes. But, don't you sec, thcro's the railway freight standing bctwoen Brisbane and Killarney. This is a forcible illustration of tho effect of tho application of tho " make the railways pay" priuciple. CiiEittiii MAKttiui, insist upon getting from your storekeeper Uarnekow's Hcunct uud Annatto. It is the best.* KILLAIINKV.-A correspondent writes : The vacancy in . the Olcngallnn Divisional Board causod by tho resignation of Mr. Allan Grayson has caused the ratepayers hero to look about for another to fill Ilia place. A requisition is in course of siguaturo to Mr. Andrew Canning to coino forward, anil this I have no doubt will appear ill Tuesday's Argun. Mr. Cunning should stand a good show, beiug ttu old rcsideut of this district. Tho fanners are in bettor spirits otving to tho advance, in the price of maize. Owiug to the good pricu of tobacco last year, the Chinese here are preparing a much larger quantity of ground tor that crop, aud should the season prove favorable tho output will be very con siderable. ONK BOX or CI,.\HKI:'S 1M1 PIIAS is warranted to cure all discharges from the Uiinary Organs, in cither sen (acquired or constitutional), Gravel and l'ains in tho back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold iuboxps, 4s Od each, by all chemists and patent Modi cine Vendors throughout the world. Proprie-. tors: TUB LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIFS UKUU CUMI'ANV, Lincoln, England. 