CHAPTER XXVI. WHILE BSLLE WAS GONE. " What are you going to do about Sibyl Prince 2" Belle asked Jasper. " You can t beep her shut np in those tower rooms for ever." Jasper flushed uneasily. " Why not 2 She is safer there than any where else." •' By no means. If I were in her place, you would not be able tu keep me there long, asd Sibyl and Miss Garr are each as smart as I am. You had better send Miss Garr adrift and put Sibyl in some good, kind insane asylum. You have often threatened ifc " 1" J T ** CrOOCIT JL17HI (- icpcowi.<* u»uj/w, ingly. " It is tee first time I ever heard ail insane asylum nailed that. And the very : first thins Miss Garr would go t-> your father and tell him where Kick Halsey is." " Be good enough to say Captain Dunning, and don't forget it, either !" flashed Belle her beautiful face chalk-white with auger, suddenly. "I will, I will. Don't get mad. Belle," Ja«p°r hastened to say, conciliatingiy. '• If 1 take care of Miss Garr, will you do as I say abont Sibyl 7" " Perhaps. What is your plan 7 I should have to be convinced that it would be as safe for me to have her in an asylum as here." "Ton coa!d make it safe by paying enongh. It might be a g -od idea to put Miss Gair there, too. Yon would have to get old Yarle to help you. It is something exactly in hie line." Jasper paled a little. " I think I have had enough of old Yarle to last me my lifetime. I don't like the idea. It seems cruel." Belle's teeth clinched. Her breath came quick. Oh, of course!" she said, bitterly. " How tender-hearted we have got all at once! Fair Sibyl must not go anywhere out side of this house. That would be cruel. To keep her shut np here in an old, dark, | mouldy, ghost-hannted room, where you can go and bully her whenever you like, is not cruel— oh, no 1" " I have never been inside the room where she is, since she was shnt np there," Jasper said, angrily. " Good reason why," said Belle, with an expressive lifting of her pretty, gracefu. shoulders. "However, yon can't keep her shut np where she is much longer without an investigation. You know best whether yon want her case examined by the autho. Titles. Jasper started violently. " What do you mean 7" " Well, that is what it would come to. Hasn't "Mrs Trufit said anything to you 7" " About anything of that sort 7 Certainly not." " Bat about something else 1 I can see it in your face. She has been talking to you abont me 1" Belle cried triumphantly. " Oh, you need not try to get out of it 1 I know it. She has been hinting around to me that it did not look well for a man to shut his wife np if she was crazy, jost so he could get a chance to make love to his dead mother's pretty maid. Ha, ha 1" "Well, she did not speak to me abont yon," Jasper said. " I don't see how sending Sibyl oS would make it any easier fox you to stay." Belle's hot temper flashed white in her face again ; but she controlled it, only re marking, with sweet sarcasm— " Of coarse, it is much easier to get rid of a real wife than a pretended one. But let fair Sibyl go for the present. Mrs Bick Hal sey has to be disposed of the first thing." Jasper made a movement of impatience. Belle' laughed. She liked to provoke him. "It seems necessary," she went on, "in order to stop these wagging tongues, that Lucy Venner should leave. She shall go 1" Jasper looked at her excitedly. He was so taken by surprise, he did not know whether he wanted her to go or not. Belle's clever, Bharp brain was very useful to him just now, but her rale was rather an iron one. 1 You don't mean it f" he said. ' I do. Lucy Venner shall go, and Dorcas Bnel shall come in her place." " Who is Dorcas Bnel 7" " A maiden sister of your stepfather's, manufactured for this occasion." Belle laughed at his stare of bewilder ment. " l'here is no such person." 'asper said. "There will be by this time tomorrow." Belle retorted gaily. " You just have a car riage take me to meet the seven o'clock tfaio for town to-night. Good-bye, Lu ;y Venner J As soon as I get there, I will telegraph you in Dorcas Buel's name to meet me at the first morning's express. That will be abcu' ha'f-past ten o'clock, I guess. You will fin ' Mis« Dorcas Ruel waiting for you, and I'll bet you that little missing budget of green backs you won't know me yourself I" He smile i scornfully. " You are very good at that kind of thing, but you couldn't fool me. I know those big green eyes of yours too well. You would have to get. rid of them before yon could play yourself off as anybody else to anyone who knew those eyes. I don't like the plan, Belle. I am sure it won't work. Let me te'l you mine. You go up to town and wait. I will join you in a few days. We will take all the money we ean raise, aul skip. How will that do 2" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrilled to her proud, passionate heart by the' words. But she knew him so well. He had deceived her so often. " What do you call a few days ?" she asked, with an angry sneer. " Time enough to fix up matters with fair Sybil, and take her somewhere that I could not find you ? Tt won't do, my clever friend. I leave to night ; Dorcas Buel comes in the morning, and you will see how quickly she will dis pose of Mistress SybiL" Jasper winced, but finally agreed to Be le's arrangements with fairly good grace. He had to. There was no other way. The wite whom he had doubted and abused in the past had the upper hand now. He drew a long breath of relief when Belle was out of the honse. " I suppose I can call my soul my own while she is gone, and no longer," he mut tered. " So I had better improve the time. I'll go and see SybiL" There were two sets of keys to' the tower rooms. Belle kept one and took them away with her to prevent Jasper Prince visiting Sybil while she was gone. Jasper had told her that Doctor Varle had the others, but it was not true. They reposed quietly in his own pocket. What he promised to himself from an interview with Sybil, he did not know. He had no real plans concerning her ex cept in a vague way. He meant to get rid of Belle sometime and marry SybiL Just how it was to be done was not very clear in hi* own mind. He had some vague notion of getting a divorce from nelle. Doctor Yatle would help to fix it up, he fancied, if well enough paid for it, and he did not know how he could have ever felt safe in his stolen identity or secme of the money till Sybil had really become his wife. How to get rid of beautiful, nnmanageabie Belle, that was the question. To do the handsome villain justice, he did not now wish her dead. Unawares to himself, a carious change ha 1 begun iu his wicked heart when he saw his mother and bis brother lying there dead. " No, no 1" he said, shadderingly, whenever the thought of ridding himself of Belle in that way came over him. Still she was ;an obstacle, and he wanted that obstacle removed in some way. What a jjke it would be," he mutteTed, " to put her in some good, Icini insane asylum instead of Sybil, as she proposes I But I couldn't do it. 1 know I couldn't, I must be getting soft-hearted, as Belle says." He wanted to see Sybil. He exulted in the fact that there was no one now to inter fere with his doing so. His mother, he thought with a shudder was gone. Belle was gone. Sibyl was in a locked room, and he had the key. Why should he not go and see her ? Why, indeed, except that in his cowar ily soul he was afraid to meet the beautiful, accusing, threatening gaze of the woman wuose hus band be believed, and she believe!, he had slain. j How her dark, sweet eyes had flashed at him like swords that night when she called him "murderer." He shrank with a sort of horror from meeting her, and yet he was resolved to go. She drew him with an irresistible faecina tion. She possessed him, as it were, with a longing to be in her presence, which he conld not control. ; He went slowly down the corridor that led to the tower, and his step grew slower as he drew near, till he stopped entirely, and j after some moments' hesitation went hurry ing back to his own room, where he had a flask of brandy. He poured out half a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it at a gulp. " I guess I can do it now," he muttered, grimly, wiping the moisture from his fore head. He put the iiask in his pocket, and went out into the passage again. He helped himself to another liberal draught from the fla^k before he opened the door and passed into the presence of the two ladies, almo-t without warning. Sybil was lying down, with all her dark, silky hair unbound and flowing over the pillow. Miss G-arr sat bes-ide her. Jasper paused just inside the door, his heart beating hot and heavy at sight of that sweet white face framed in masses of soft, waving black hair. Both ladies started np in violent excite ment at sight of him. The horror and abhorrence on Sybil's beautiful pale face was terrible to Bee. The change which grief and imprisonment had irronght in that lovely countenance in so short a time amazed him. " Murderer 2" nttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones. " Have you come to kill me, too 2" " Good evening, Mr Halsey I" said Miss Garr. " Have yon heard from Captain Dunning lately 2" His face flashed white and then red. He glanced at Miss Garr. He went a step to ward her. " You shut up, old woman," he said, savagely, " or I won't promise to keep my hands off you I" «' You had better not dare to put them on me, if yon don't want your nose -tweaked 1" the plucky old maid retorted, her small, bright eyes like sparks. " I can handle yon, and not half try." " What do you want here, Mr Halsey 2" Sybil asked. "Who are you talking to 2" he retorted. " My name is not Halsey." He was almost foaming with .xage, the handsome face black and scowling. He looked more like a demon than he did like a man. "It may not be your real name," Sibyl said, calmly; "it is your prison name, your convict name. I am satisfied of that. It is the name Captain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, like the first murderer, I believe it was your brother you and Doctor Varle killed." Jasper did not utter a word for moment. Then his lips curled with a bitter sneer. "No better?" he said. "Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife ?' A quick shudder ran through Sibyl j she was white as death. " Brute!" cried Miss Garr. " Shut up, gimlet eyes!" Jasper retorted. He took out his handkerchief to wipe the profuse perspiration from his face, and dropped it on the floor. As he stooped to pick it up, the flask of brandy slipped from his breast pocket, and lay upon the thick carpet, without bin , noticing it. 