THE MYSTERY OF DAVE REGAN. By Henry Lawson. 'And then there was Dave Regan,' said the trav'ler.' '' Dave used to die oftener than any other bushman I knew. He was always getting reported dead and turning up agen. He seemed to like it— except once, when his brother drew his money and drank it all to drown his grief at what he called Dave's ' hun ??«'p'f3nbly hend.' Well, Dave went up to Queens -?'' -ian' once with cattle, and was away three years, and reported dead, as usual. He was drowned in the Bogan this time while trying to swim his horses across a flood — and his sweet- heart hurried up and got spliced to a worse man before Dave could get back. ' Well, one day I was out in the bush look- ing for timber, when the biggest storm ever known in that place come on. There was hail in it, too, as big as bullets, and if I hadn't got behind a stump and crouched down in time I'd have been riddled like a — like a bushranger. As it was I got soaking wet. The storm was over in a few minutes, the water ran off down the gullies, and the sun came put and the scrub steamed — and stunk like the devil, too. I went on along the track, and presently I saw a long, lanky chaps get onto a long, lanky horse and ride out of a bush yard at the edge of a clearing. I knew it was Dave directly I set eyes on him. ' Dave used to ride a tall, holler-backed thoroughbred horse with a body and limbs like a kangaroo dog, and it would circle, around you and sidle away as if it was frightened you was going to jab a knife into it. ' ' Ul-lo ! Dave !' I said, as he came spurring up. ' How are yer f ' ' Ul-\o, Jim !' he says. ' How are you ?' . ' ' Alright !' I says. ' How are yer getting on ?'? 'But before we could say any more that blanky horse shied away and broke off through the scrub to the right. I waited, because 1 knew that Dave would come back agen if I waited long enough ; and in about ten minutes he came sidling in from the scrub to the left. ' 'Oh, I'm alright,' he says, spurring up side ways ;' ' How are you ?' ''Right!' I says. 'How's the old people ?' ' ' Oh, I ain't bin home yet,5 he says, holding out his hand ; but, before I could grip, it that cursed horse sidled off' to the south end of the clearing and broke away ageu through the scrub. ' I heard Dave swearing about the country for twenty minutes or so, and then he came spurring and cursing in from the other end of the clearing. ? ' ' Where have you bin all this time ?' I sed, as the horse came curving up like a boomer ang. ' ' Gulf country !' says Dave. ' ' That was a storm, Dave !' I said. ',' My oath !' says Dave. ' ' Get caught in it V ''Yes.' ' ' Get to shelter ?' ''No.' ' 'But you're as dry's a bone, Dave !' ' Dave grinned. ' Blank and blank and dash the gory, crimson carnal !' ho yelled. ' He said that to the horse as it boomer - anged off agen and broke away through the scrub. I waited ; but he didn't come back, and I reckoned that he'd got so far away before he could pull up that he didn't think it worth while coming back ; so I went on. By-and-bye I got thinking. Dave was as dry as a bone, in spite of the thunderstorm, and I knew that he hadn't had time to get to 'shelter, for there wasn't a shed within twelve miles. He wasn't only dry, but his coat was creased and dusty too — same's if he'd been sleeping in a holler log ; and, when I come to think of it, his face seemed thinner and whiter than it uster, and so did his hands and wrists, which always stuck a long way out of his coat-sleeves ; and there was blood on his face — but I'd thought he'd got scratched with a twig. (Dave used to wear a coat three or four sizes too small for him, with sleeves that didn't come much below his elbows and a tail that scarcely reached his belt behind.) And then his hair seemed dark and lank, instead of being sandy and sticking out like an old fibre brush, as it always did. And, when I thought it over, I began to think his voice sounded different, too. And, when I made enquiries next day- there was no one heard of Dave, and the chaps reckoned I must have been dreaming or drunk, or else I'd seen Dave's ghost. '«' i.t didn't seem alright at all — it worried me a lot. I couldn't account about Dave being caught in that storm and keeping dry and dusty ; and, besides, the horse and saddle and saddle-cloth was wet. I told the chaps how he talked to me and what he said, and how he swore at the horse ; but they only said that that proved it. must have been Dave's ghost and nobody else's. I told 'em about him being; dry as a bone, after getting caught in that storm ; but they only laughed and said that it was a dry place where Dave went to. I. talked and argued about it until the chaps began to tap their foreheads and wink — then I left off talking. But I didn't leave off thinking — I always natea a mystery. J^ven Jjave s iatner told me that Dave couldn't be alive or else his ghost wouldn't be round — he said he knew Dave better than that. One or two fellers did turn up afterwards that had seen Dave about the time I did — and then the chaps said they was sure that Dave was dead. 'But one fine day, as a lot of us chaps was playing pitch-and-tpss at the shanty, one of the fellers yelled out : ' ' By Gee ! Here comes Dave Regan !' 'And I looked up and saw Dave himself, sidling out of a cloud of dust on a long, lanky horse. He rode into the stockyard, got down, * hung his horse up to a post, put up the rails, and then come sloping along towards us with a half- acre grin on his face. .??'??? (Dave had long, thin bow-legs, and when he was on the ground he moved as if he was on :oller-skates.) ../'.' ', Ul-lo, Dave !' I says. ' How the hell are |,V-r?' Jl;' '- Ul-lo, Jim !' ho-said. 'How the blazes ??re you?' ?.?,-. ' ' ' Alright !' I says, shaking hands. * How are yer V ' ' Oh ! I'm alright'!' he says. ' How are ye, poppin! up?' ' Well, when we'd got all that settled, and the other chaps had asked how he was, he said : 'Ah, well ! Let's have a drink.' ' And all the other chaps crawfished up and flung themselves round the corner and sidled into the bar after Dave. We had a lot of talk, and he told us that he'd been down before, but had gone away without seeing any of us, except me, because . he'd suddenly heard of a mob of ? cattle at a station 200 miles away ; and after a while I took. him aside and said : ' ' ' 'Look here, Dave ! Do you remember the day I met you after the storm ?' ' He scratched his head. ' ' Why — yes,' he says. ' ' Did you get under shelter that day ?' ''Why— no.' ? ' ' Then how the blazes didn't yer get wet ?' ' Dave grinned 5 then he said : ''Why, when I seen the storm coining I took off me clothes and stuck 'em in a holler log till the rain was over.' # # # ' ' Yes,' he says, after the other coves had done laughing, but before I'd done thinking ; ' I kept me clothes dry and got a good refresh ing shower-bath into the bargain.' ' Then he scratched the back of his neck with his little finger, and dropped his jaw, and thought a bit ; then he rubbed the top of his head and his shoulder, refiective-like, and then he said : ' ' But I didn't bargain for them blanky hailstuns.' ' Henry Lawson. 