INSIDE NEWGATE. BY JAMES GREENWOOD, THB AMASEUR CASUAL. Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Ragamuffin," " Dick Temple," " Almost Lost," " Reuben Davidger," "Humphrey Dyot," " Wilds ot London, " In Strange Company, " Unsentimental Journeys," " Low Life Deeps," "Silas the Conjuror," "Jerry Jack3mibb, of Lower London," " Tag, Rag, and Co.," " Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf," &c.;, &c.; gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as w a place of safe keeping for evil doers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting, of prisons. It- was the lion of its kind in the old times ; but of late years iu is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of fcameness that in Captain Macheabh's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kennel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil as a well- bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find that I had made a serious mistake, be led the way to an apartment Ad- - opened a - cupboard, where the fetters were kept — a bright shin ing row of the modern pattern, with a few examples of the ancient " darbies," such as, I suppose, were used at a time wheu the art of breaking out as well as getting into New gate was a branch of the "professional's" education — monstrous things, some of them — and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hammer with which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrauce, together with several other interesting relics of the good old time, "the irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners were in course of removal from one prison to another. I came on many other things that used to be the pride and glory of Newgate, bub which had been abandoned since the renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black hole — half-a-dozen black holes indeed — bub no one is ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete — the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the right there are spaces in which the criminal congregation® is accommodated, railed off from the rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited ab a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that he sab in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit-. Bub he- now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, and is never specially preached j ab. j j But if there is no; condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for its terrible associations and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and lain 011 that bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling' remnant of existence, there 13' nothing dreadful about the condemned- cell. It is about the size of an ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as. well-lighted. There is a little shelf, on which renose the dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and his Bible, unnecessarily branded " Newgate " on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and these last-mentioned artioles of furniture, as well as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, arid the vaulted ceiling is white, and the walls. There i3 many a .cell in which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is uo fireplace, and the gas jet burns in a little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, as a rule, gave much trouble; the warder- answered unhesitatingly, " No 1 -There were excep tions, of course ; bub generallj', after they got over the first fright, they settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the. last," which is evidence that it is in human- nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the "cab." It is in the experi ence of every prison official «I ever talked with on the subject that a ruffian, being uncertain as to the morning wlien he is to have, as he himself woald say, "claws for breakfast," is in J-he habit of lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful daj'. But there is one. feature of Newgate's interior,a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of the man whp sets eves on it., lone- after all else connected with trie grim prison is forgotten — the murderers' burying-ground. When one reads that "the body of the malefactor was the same afternoon buried within the precincts of the gaol," the natural inference is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the chapial very likely, set apart for the interment of those who are sacrificed to the law's. jusb vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footstone, there Is a registry kept, by which the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by no means the system adopted. The guide, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley,- between two very tall, rough-hewn walls, which are adorned with whitewash." They alley is, perhaps, five- and- twenty yards long, and nob so wide .but that two men joining hands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. " "This," remarks the civil warder, "is where we bury-'em," and you naturally con clude that be alludes to a space beyond the gate, and that he is about to traverse the alley, and open it. Instead of this, barely has he stepped over the threshold than lie points to the letter " S," dimly visible on the wall's surface. " And," says he, " Slit- wizen, .who was hanged, for. murdering his wife and burning her bodj'," and before your breath, suspended by the startling announcement, is restored to you, he lays his forefinger 011 another letter a few inches off. " Ketchcalf, who cut the throat, of his fellow -servant ; Brambleby," who split his father's skull with a garden spade; Greenacre, who mur dered Hannah Brown and afterwards cub up her bodj'," and so as he.keeps sh.i£tr, "ing, barely a foot at a time along the whitened wall, lie goes 011 adding, to the horrible list, while the ghastly fact dawns on yon that every letter denotes a body, cut down from the gallows, and that the pave- ment you are walkitig on is bedded in the remains of who shall say: how many male and'feraaie mhrderers ? W<j are;compara- tively moderate fn modern times in the use, of the hempen cford' as a remedy against man-slaying, bu b ifct Was only ft;, g'eireratiqn 'back; when business was exc'e'e'din'gly. brisk in jtliftt' line. ; a hanging . was _ looked for in the- Old Bailey on a 'Monday almost as much as a matter of course as the cattle-market in Smitlifield on. a Friday. Then, as now, the .dreatlfnl little larieYbetween 'the high walls fvfts the only place of sepulchre for those who passed out - to death through the Debtors door. . Tb'e" very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly forced up by unskilled hands that a hole may be dug for the reception of the poor coffined wretches who-wear quicklime for a shroud. There is net a whole paviug-stoae ia the '1 .. ' : ' ' / . ngt-h of the alley,, and they are: patch-;- " rid cobbled and mended .with ' dabs nortar in the most- unhandsome way."" " A very large number must have be- buried here at- one time and anoLhei. I remarked. " Bless jou, yes, sir," replk- the Newgate warder of long service, " yt- can't half see the letters: They need to be all over the other wall as well, but-,; being wbiteued every year, the letters -at last got filled up." It was not a pleasant idea, and I believe that the cracked and unstable j condition of the paving stones suggested it', bub it came into my mind as 1 scanned the walls and made out scores and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied could all in a moment be s recalled to life. The narrow alley would nob hold t-hem all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that he would be striking for extra pay. 