(Kljitrdr IbtosL Narrabri. — A special effort to re duce the circuit debt in the shape of a gift concert was made on Thursday. The musical programme was of a varied and interesting character ; the accom panist on the piauo being Mrs. C. Eather. During the interval between the.two parts into which the programme vras divided, the Rev. A. T. Huggart came iorwara ana announced cnao as this would be his last public appearance in town, so far as the general public were concerned, he desired to take this opportunity of bidding them all good bye. Many outside his own congrega tion had treated him with great kind ness during his brief sojourn in Narra bri, and for this he thanked them. A very pleasant evening was spent, and the result was a satisfactory addition to the funds of the church. Maclean. — The Rev. J. Scott con ducted farewell services in the Maclean Church on Sunday, the 8th inst , when large congregations were present. In the evening a sacred musical service was rendered, when the following selections were given : — Anthems : ' How beauti ful upon the mountains,' ' 'Tis night on the silent mountains,' ' Praise Him,' ' The earth is the Lord's,' ' Hear my cry,' ' I will extol Thee,' ?' Cry out and shout.' Part songs: 'Roll on dark stream,' aud ' Beyond the flood.' Mr. Scott concluded an impressive service by speaking from the apostolic benedic tion: 'The grace of our Lord Jesus . Christ, the love of God, and the com munion of the Holy Ghost be with you.' Jerara (Crookwell Circuit). — A tea and public meeting took place on Tues day, April 4th, at the residence of Mr. R. Collins. There was a good attend ance, and a pleasant day was spent. The Rev. J. W. Moore gave an. enter taining address, and moved a vote of thanks to Mr., Mrs., and Miss Collins who had kindly provided the tea and waited upon their, guests. After the tea and public meeting, sports were en gaged in by the young folk and others present. Divine service was held in the evening when a crowded congregation assembled Uralla (Armidale Circuit). — Special evangelical meetings have been held during the past week. Adch'esses and exhortations were delivered by Revs. W. H. Beale and W. J. Walker. Mr. Nichols, Mr. Walton, and Mr. Richard son also assisted. The services through out were earnest, impressive, and of a . character to awaken the unconcerned, and stimulate the belifver. On Friday evening three souls came forward to the penitent form, avowing a desire to flee from the wrath to come. Wickham.— The service of song, 'Jessica's First Prayer,' was repeated by the children and teachers of the Wickham Wesleyan Sunday-school on Wednesday, 29th March. The organist, Miss Clough, was presented with a handsome silver butter-cooler and knife, and a case of serviette rings from the members of the congregation and the teachers of the Sunday-school, on the event. of her marriage to the Rev. E. Dyer,/ and her departure from Wick ham to her home in Brisbane, Queens land. Mr. Jenner thanked, on behalf of the lady, and spoke well of her as a useful worker in church and Sunday school. He wished her, on behalf of -her friends, ' Long life and prosperity, with God's richest blessings.' Miss Ciough was also presented, on behalf of the Band of Hope, with an elabor ately-mounted pickle-jar, together with an address comprising the whole. Cleveland-street.— Tea and pub lic meetings were hold last Wednesday. There was a large attendance, and varied programme. After the opening exer cises the choir, under the baton of Mr. .F_ S. TTiit.hnanfifi. sane 'Sonri nut. Thv light.' This was followed by a brief address by the chairman (Mr. D. C. Robertson, circuit steward). Mr. and Mrs. Bissell sang very nicely ' Life's dream is o'er;' and again the choir was ready with a chorus- — 'Gallant hearts.' Mr. Matthews, of H.M.S. Tarunga, essayed to speak but was suffering from a. very bad throat, and gave way to Mr. Landry, from the same vessel, who gave a lively and earnest address. Mr. Chris topher, the conductor of our brass band, rendered a cornet solo, and then Miss Broadbent recited 'Little Jim' so effectively as to demand an encore. Mrs. Shermann, from Balmain, followed with a good address on ' Christ in the home,' after which Mr. ? Caley sang ' I'll seek for thee in every flower.' The retiring organist (Mr. A. H. Pethebridge) was presented with a purse of money by the choir and congregation as a slight token of esteem and good will. After Mr. Ah Sing had rendered one of Sankey's hymns on the organ, the congregation joining in the chorus, the choir rendered an anthem ' Borne by memory,' and a very interesting and successful meeting was brought to an end with usual votes of thanks, etc. Kadina (Parkes Circuit). — A very successful social was held at Kadina on Good Friday. Over 200 people attended. Splendid trays were generously given by our Methodist families of Kadina. The people assembled early in the afternoon, and the cordial feeling and Christian games indulged in promoted good fellow ship. The public meeting in the even ing was presided over by Rev. J. K. Turner. Common-sense speeches were given by Messrs. Curry and Myors. The capital singing of difficult anthems by a local choir, under the conductor ship of Mr. Crellin, won great applause. The Misses Cooke, Messrs. Best and Daniels (of Parkes). and Mr. Crellin (of Kadina), all gained applause in their vocal efforts. Mr. McCullagh, of Peak Hill, very ably recited ' The orator's first speech in Parliament.' Honorable mention should be made of Mesdames Beasley, Grimmett, D.avey, Westcott, Stanford, and others, who liberally con tributed and toiled hard. There were no expenses— so well was everything managed. The proceeds, which are handsome, are to be devoted to general improvement of our Church property at Kadina. Bolwarra (EastMaitland). — A cor respondent writes : — Our friends here had their nice little church invaded by the flood, and it is feared that, in addi tion to a quantity of valuable books, the organ is 'also ruined. This will be a great loss, especially at a time when collecting for a new one is out of the question. The Sabbath school anniver sary, one of the great events of the year, had to be given up. But we had a bright event instead, the marriage of Miss Collard, who is now Mrs. A. Morgan. Mrs. Morgan has been our organist and general helper here, and she and her husband have our warm good wishes. 