OUTLAW AND T7T iliill * By MBS. CAMPBELL PBAED, Author of "The Head Station," "Theliond of Wedlock," "The Brother of the Shadow," "Passion and Policy," "Nadine," "An Australian Heroine," and joint author with Mr. Justiu McCarthy oE "The Ladies Gallery," "The Right Honorable," &e.; (Published by special arrangemen: with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXX.—" A Bush Picnic i But) ia sxiiCe of the chase of Moonlight, in [ spite of the great Waver.yng diamond robbery, ! which had furnished food for sensational [ leaders and sensational telegrams, both in England apd Australia—what a. fertile theme for romance-mongering penny-a-liners, and society journals L-in spite of the tragic com plications of poor Elsie's love affairs and Prank Hallett's hea^t-sickness and Ina Gage's sympathetic dread of some terrible coming calamity, life on the Luya had to continue its ordinary course. Its ordinary course just now meant the carrying out of Mrs. James Hallett's scheme of a house-party at Tunimba, modelled on the lines of English comfort and the due subservience of -Australian roughness to aristocratic sensibilities, but with all the dramatic fitness which local coloreould impart, a house-party which should be duly chronicled in Lady Waveryng's book of travels and which should pave the way for Mrs. Jem's reception into aristocratic circles in England when that long talked-of trip home should take place, and Mrs. Jem intended that it should take place before the Wavsryng impressions had time to fade. Mrs. Jem had for some time been silently making preparations.. She was quite as good a caterer of amusement as Lord Horace, and made less fuss about it. The best rooms had been garnished in readiness for the Waveryngs, the bachelors' quarters had been made ready. By a diplomatic arrangement with the dentist ( old Mrs. Hallett hud been persuaded into taking her annus! trip to Sydney a little earlier than usual, and her cottage was at the disposal or. Mrs. James' guests. She had invited a-select party to meet the Waveryngs, inbludiug.'the'GVrfits and Minnie Prvde, .and. such" of the neighbors as were thought either ■ sufficiently, refined for such exalted company or-sufficiently amusing to afford "copy" for Lady-Waveryng. Dominic Traut had been asked and had readily ac cepted . the mififatldn^ and "Blake Bad been asked also, bub had left it uncertain whether he could come. It was possible, he wrote, that his official duties niighb 'prevent" him from being at the picnic to which he had so looked forward. He begged his-kind regards to Miss Valliant and his assurances to Lady Waveryng that zeal on. behalf of' the' recovery of her jewels had: something to .do with.' his un certainty. . i Ah, Jilake knows that he -wi.il have a dad time when the House meets, in '.October," said Jem Hallett. "No doubt, Sir. James, you and-your colleagues mean to make- capital out of this Moonlighb business.?" Sir dames Garfifc smiled sardonically and re marked'drily that they'had their work cut out for that summer session,- • • He meant, for his part, to makedb last as short a time as possible and he shouldn't-be surprised if there was to be a general election, and in that case no one knew what would happen.- <■ , . .• Thu3 it was understood that Sir James Garfit meant to .force the. hand iof the .Govern ment. The summer session had been a con cession to public feeling: Nobody liked a summer session, and it meant ah involved state of political business. "Think, Em," cried-Lord Horace, "the loss of your diamonds may be a turning point in colonial history—a defeat of the Ministry and an appeal to the country; and all because your vanity made you insist on dragging about these historic heirlooms." "It was Waveryng's vanity,"not mine. He didn't like the idea of my not appearing properly, and, you see, we knew we should be in the wake of the prince everywhere," said Lady Waveryng apologetically. Nature had assisted Mrs. Jem Hallett in her endeavors. Never was there a more glorious September, never had Tunimba looked more beautiful. The pale green pods of the euca lyptus flowers were opening to let out their honeyed balls, the white cedars were a mass of lilac blossoms, and the Shcsnut, tree's Joy the creek spread their orange clusters. The young green of the quantongs shown in the scrub fringe, and here and there in tlie mountain gorges the flame tree shone like a burning bush. The racecourse in front of the house was brilliant green and covered with butter cups and wild violets, and the cultivation pad docks were greener still. The fiafcstone peach trees were covered with bloom and so were the orange trees, making the air almost heavy with their fragrance. And roses rioted on the fences, and the wistaria was sweet, and the purple scrub plums were beginning to ripen. "What a pity it is that Elsie is not going to be married thi3 month," somebody said. "We might be be all smothered in real orange blos-soms." But Elsie said nothing. She had grown strangely silent these days, and from her man ner would scarcely have been recognised as the brilliant Miss Valliant, of Leichardt'3 Town renown. She rarely alluded to her marriage, nor did Frank, and Lady Gar fit pronounced them an extraordinary engaged couple and began to think there might after all be a chance for Rose. Of late, however, she had taken a fancy to Blake in the light of a pos sible son-in- law. She lived in hope that he might be induced to change his politics and to join Sir James Garfit's Ministry. She was very much put out that he could not bo at the picnic. For he was not to be there. A telegram had arrived with prepaid messenger from the Bean Tree to say that he was unavoidably prevented from joining the party. Elsie read the tele gram—Mrs. Hallett handed it to her—with a curious sinking of her heart. She had'been look ing forward with a guilty joy to the prospect of meeting him at the picnic, and yet she had told herself all the time that she was wicked to wish for him and that in reality Bhe was anxious that he should nob come. The arrangements had been made with a view to the well-being and enjoyment of the elder and timorous as well as of the rasher spirits among the young. Lady Garfit did not think camping-out was quite appropriate at her age or that of Sir James. Besides, she had not mounted a horse for years and her size was hardly adapted to equestrian feats. Lady WaveryDg, of course, wished to see and do everything that -was to be seen and done. Rose Garfit thought she would see how they got on—of course camping out would be sweet, but she was not sure that she ought to leave her mother. Mrs. James Hallett, with her usual sense of the fitness of things,' decided that it was her duty to look after her elder guests. As for Minnie Pry de, she was equal to all dangers and difficulties. So it was settled that they were to follow the buggy track a3 far as that would take them towards one of the selections in the mountains, and then a very short ride on a quiet horse, into which Lady Garfit was persuaded, would lead them to the Point Row Ravine, and there they would picnic, those so disposed returning in the late afternoon, while the rest would push on past the region of human tracks into the gorges and camp for the night as near as might be to Barhlin Fall. It was a goodly cavalcade, the two buggies, an escort of blackboys leading spare horses, and followed by a pack of kangaroo hounds. Sam Shehan as pioneer—Sam always dour of face, but the typical stockman, in his tight moleskins turned up at she bottom, his flannel shirt, and diagonally-folded handkerchief knotted sailer-fashion on his chest, his cabbage trse hat on the back of his head, his stockwhip over his right shoulder, the thong trailing behind him, his wais'i-strap with its many pouches and implements of the bush, in cluding a leather revolver case—for almost all the gentlemen carried 'revolvers—a precaution adopted on the Luya since the diamond robbery. There was always a hope of an encounter with Moonlight. The half-castes rode with Shehan .md kept somewhat apart from the other blackboys. Elsie regarded the trio with a sort of instinctive shrinking and yet with that vague interest which in her mind associated itself with any one or anything that was connected with Blake. Trant was there of course, on a splendid animal, mettlesome yet docile, and. as Trant said, accustomed to the ranges. Lady Waveryng, in her trim hunting gethip. and . mounted on Jein Hallett's best thoroughbred lady's hack, looked like an importation from the Shires. Every incident of the little I journey gave fresh material. There was a spin | after a kangaroo, and then one of the stock men killed a 'guana, a blaekboy skinned it, carrying off the carcase for a camp supper, while Lady Waveryng'bonght the skin on the spot and declared she would have it stuffed to take home with her. Then as they skirted the scrub the bellbird rang its silvery peal and the whipbird gave it3 coachman's click. Never was September day more tender and dreamy and sweet, with always that strauge exhilara tion in the air which sets pulses old and young tingling. " I will be happy ; I will be happy," Elsie kept repeating to herself.- She put away dark thoughts of Blake. He was goine out of her life ; he must be thrust out of her life, and she would begin to-day to battle with her ghost. It was only a ghost—the ghost of a happiness that might have been. And here by her side was a happiness that was ; and ahead of her, in the shape of Trant, was a means of passing excitement. She worked herself into a reckless mood. Why should she not amuse herself with Trant? He was fairly warned. " Let us shuffle cards, Frank," he said. " We have been too much like Darby and Joan lately, and it isn't time for that yet. Go and flirt with Rose Gar fit and I will flirt with Mr. Trant." She laughed with something of her old spirit and Frank was not displeased, but rather wel comed the sally as a sign that Elsie was be coming herself again. He was not jealous of Trant. So Elsie called Trant to her, on some woman's pretext, and Frank dropped back to Rose Gariit. Trant was in an odd mood, too. He did not seem disposed for pleasantry. Hi3 maimer suggested to Elsie the "villain of the piece," and so she told him, laughing. " Well," be answered a little grimly, "per haps. Perhaps I mn.y turn into the hero of the piece. "We are only as the beginning of the play, you know, Miss Valliant." ".Oli, no," she said, " we are-getting to the end". The play is nearly, played out, for me at least. I am to be married in a mouth, Mr. Trant; and we are going to Tasmania for our honeymoon." " Is that settled 5" he asked. . "It was settled yesterday," she replied. She looked up from her horse's mane, with which her whip had been, toying. His big black eyes were fixed on her with such a fierce devouring kind of gaze that the girl was startled and shrank. "I wish you wouldn't look at me like that," she said. " Why do you look at me so wildly ?" "Because I am wild with love of you," he said, "lb maddens me to think of you the wife of another man. I can't stand it and I will riot stand it." He did nob speak for a moment or two, then exclaimed impetuously, " You are right, the play is nearly played out, for me as well as for you. In a month's time I shall have left Australia, Blake and I have agreed to dissolve partnership and to sell Barblin. " I am glad of that," she said. He laughed in a strange, wild way. They were at the entrance to the cleft through which wound the Point Row gully, the scene of their picnic in the autumn. The buggies crawled along a rough cedar-cutter's track for a little way and then at Lady Garfit's request the ladies gob cub and a general shifting of baggage and dismounting and remounting took place, Lady Garfib being hoisted on the safest of the Tunimba steeds and placed under the care of the steadiest of the Tunimba stock men, who led the lady and the horse along the bridle path to the lichen-covered boulders, whence it was necessary to proceed on foot, Lady Waveryng uttered crie3 of delight. The placo was in all the beauty of spring blossom. The rock-lilies were in flower ana stuck out all over the precipice in tufts like plumes of cream colored feathers. Orchids, with white and purple tassels, hung down from the crevices, the shrubs were nearly all in bloom, and so wa3 the wild begonia, and the ferns were in their glory of new pal9 green fronds. They picnicked on the higher plateau. It J was a very sumptuous luncheon, got up in Mrs. Jem Hallett's best fashion. She was determined that the luncheon and the expedi tion should be immortalised in Lady Waveryng's book. A clever young "new chum" from one of the Luya stations, who bad joined the party and who had brought a Kodak, took photographs, grouping the stock men and blackboys and guests under Lady Waveryng's direction. He insisted on includ ing Elsie in each group, Lady Waveryng made a greater poinb of the blackboys. She raved about the pieturesqueness of Pompo and Jack Nutty. Elsie submitted willingly to be posed. She did not want to climb higher, as Frank Halletb proposed. She had too vivid a re membrance of the ramble with Blake. And she thought of that saying of hers on which he had sadly commented. Yes; if she had only known in the autumn what the spring would bring forth. Id was a very successful day, so every one declared over the quart-pob tea. Mrs. Jem had provided cream and sugar for those who had not Mr. Micawber's sense of the fitting in regard to a colonial lifo. Some of the black boys, with Sam Shehan, had been sent forward towards the Barhlin Balls early in the day to prospect for the adventurous as to the state of the' track. They brought back accounts so daunting, of the quicksands in the creek, made more dangerous by the late rains, of the density of the spinnifex, through which it was almost impossible to force a way, of the close growth of the prickly buuya3 in the scrub, and of the far-famed and almost fabulous "piora" snake, said to pursue its victim, unlike its lethargic brethren, and to haunt these fast nesses of the Luya, which so frightened Miss G-arfit and others of weak soul and body that the camping-out party finally dwindled con siderably below its first-planned proportions, and those who turned back to the comforts of Tunimba were more than they who faced Barolin-wards. It was Sam Shehan who told the tale of the spinnifex and the piora. The blacks had flatly refused for fear of " Debil-debil" to go into the bunya scrub. This to them was the for bidden region, forbidden of Puyme, the Misty One, and Yooltanah, the Great Spirit. Only Jack Nutty and Pompo were of tbe emanci pated from superstitious bondage and were regarded as pariahs in consequence by their more dusky brethren. Rose Garfit went back with her mother. So did Lord Waveryng, who complained of a twinge of sciatica. His spouse was intrepidity itself. "Take care of them all, Prank," plaintively adjured Mrs. Jem. Jem accom panied his wife. ' ' "You have been drawing the long-bow, Shehan," said Frank to the stockman. " It's my belief," he added to Trant, "that Shehan has a cattle-stealing plant up this way and is afraid of my finding it out. He has been dead against this expedition and throwing all the difficulties he could in the way." If, however, Shehan was dead against the expedition, certainly Trant. was wild that it should be carried through. He had wakened out of his grim and apathetic mood at a suggestion on Lord Waveryng's part that the Palls should be abandoned. Ina had timidly seconded the suggestion. She did not want Elsie to go and get lost in the bush and perhaps bitten by a snake. Ina, herself, was one of those who turned back. She was not a coward, but she was delicate and Lord Horace did not seem to want lier company. It was quite evident that he thought Mrs, Allanby enough to take care of. Mrs. Allanby had in her way a sort of quiet recklessness. She had never looked handsomer; the slumber ing fires of her eyes had darted into life and her pale cheeks were reddened with excite ment or sunburn. Trant swore that he would bo responsible for Elsie's safety. He knew the country better than Frank—scrubbers from Barolin Gorge often got lost in Barolin scrub he explained. Lady Horace need not be alarmed. Ina kissed her sister in a melan choly way as they parted at the lichen covered boulders. Both afterwards remem bered Ina's fears. Lord Horace grumbled— Jem Hallett laughed at her. ."I'm super stitious," said the little woman—" yes, I know. But I can't help it and I shall not be happy until you all get safe back to Tunimba." The party divided. Those turning their faces to the wilderness mounted and rode into the defile with the blackness of the scrub be fore them and Mount Luya barring the horizon, while the other3 went down along the gully, and both parties were soon swallowed up in the gloom of the gorge. Elsie seem fated to hear the asides of Trant and his henchman. Perhaps this was because Trant kept so assiduously at her bridle rein. Lord Waveryng had solemnly committed his wife into Prank Hallett's keeping. Lady Waveryng did not like Trant—she had counted, she said, on Mr. Blake being of the party, and joined her entreaties to those of her husband. Thus Eisie found herself for the nonce deserted by her legitimate protector, and it was she herself, partly out of perversity, who claimed Trant as a cavalier. The half-castes jogged ahead. Prank Hallett and Lady Waveryng followed, and then Minnie Pryde and a young bushman who showed symptoms of adoration. Mr. Craig was a well-to-do squatter, albeit rough in hi3 ways, and Elsie _ thought that Minnie meant business this time, and she wondered how she should like Minnie for a neighbor on the Lower Luya, where was being built the splendid new house which she and Frank were to inhabit after their honeymoon and the English trip. Lord Horace and Mrs. Allanby were behind everyone else. Sam She han was riding sulkily in front of Elsie and Trant. "Sam," called out Trant, "you'd better push ahead and eee about the camp." Sam took no notice. Trant looked annoyed. "Sam is not in the best of tempers," he said. This kind of ladies' picnic is not much in his wav. I'll go and give him a bit of my mind." . Trant spurred his horse and the two were presently in a somewhat animated conference. It struck Elsie that it was Shehan who was giving his master a bit of his mind. Elsie lagged. She looked round for Lord Horace. And then she saw what gave her an odd start and opened her eyes to the state of affairs. Lord Horaoe was bending close to Mrs, Allanby. The faces of the two were turned to each other. Lord Horace looked very handsome; he was evidently pleading, and Mrs. Allanby was listening to him with a dreamy passionate eagerness, Eisie had never seen that expression upon her still reserved face. The girl knew intuitively that the woman loved her brother-in-law; and then she saw Lord Horace bend closer still and as the two horses touched Lord Horace laid a 1 upon Mrs. Allanhy's responsive lips. Elsie's heart swelled with ang6r and shame. A fierce blush came to her face—that Ina should be so insnlted—Ina who was angelic in her goodness to Horace. Did Ina know or guess, and was thi3 the cause of Ina's pale sad face ?' Or was it possible that Ina knew and did not care, be cause she had ceased to love her husband—had perhaps never loved him. Like a lightning flash this truth seemed borne in upon Elsie. She too urged on her horse and the spirited creature in a few bounds had taken her almost beside Trant and his stockman; and then Elsie heard Sam Shehan say in angry tones— " What is tho sense of bringing these swell English toffs up hers—and that d d Prank Hallett? I tell you I don't like id. The thing is too dangerous." "If you reflect a moment, my good Sam, you will see that it is the most diplomatic course one could possibly pursue. I was great hopes that Macpherson would have joined our jiarty. Now, that would have been truly dramatic. He would never have come this way again." " Oh, blow all that nonsense !" said Shehan. He looked round as he spoke and became aware that Elsie was within earshot. He shut his mouth with the stockman's expressive click of his tongue and teeth which implies reserve and caution. Elsie waB quite aware of this, but she only took in dazedly the significance of Shehan's sudden 6ilence. She was too pre occupied with her own discovery- and the manner in which it might affect her sister's happiness to give much, thought to the mysteries of Sam Shehan and Dominie Trant. Trant noticed her discomposed look as he came back to her, while Shehan pushed on as he had been bid and joined the half-castes. "Shehan has the true native's objection to swell English people," ho-said airily, though he furtively -watched the effect of his words "I am sorry to say that he has been swearing vigorously at Lord and Lady Waveryng, and even at Mr. Prank Hallett, who he fancies is responsible for having brought them here. The fact is," Trant added, " Shehan wanted to have a chase after Moonlight he has a theory that the bushrangers are in hiding somewhere up here and he doesn't want the game dis turbed by this sort of thing. I told him that we were near having Captain Macpherson and that we might have shown the troopers a bit of really wild country, but Sam didn't see the fun.-' Elsie did not answer. "What is the matter?" he said. "You look as if you had seen a ghost." " I have seen a gho3t," she replied. " Never mind. Don't speak to me for a bit. I want to think." And just then silence became compulsorv, for the track was too narrow and broken for them to ride any more together. The sun bad set when they reached the border of the scrub, where Sam Shehan and the half-caste3 had already lighted the camp fires. (To be continued.) 