THE ELECTIONS. In a few weeks we shall be face to face with tbe important matter of choosing snr Parliamentary representatives for the forthcoming three years. Among the labour organization considerable activity is being sboivn, and candidates ore being chosen for the different con stituencies, while the National Defence League is also doing all it knows to 9ecure its own representatives good positions in the running, and we judge from these signs that the contest will be warmest the colony has ever known, with probably not a few of those who aow occupy s place in the House left in the cold when the poll is declared. With reference to the labour party we think that a mistake is being made, in some instances, in shuttling old and tried men for divers labour represen tations. We should, for instance, be sorry to see Mr. Scherk lose his seat, for he has been one of the best friends that the Isboor party has ever had in the House, and, to us, it savours some what of ingratitude on the part of the toilers to throw over one who has done bo much for them. The same remarks apply to Mr. Grayson, who has been Mr. Kingston's colleague for some six yearp. Judged all round, we do not think that a better man can be got than he, «md the toilers will lose a cool, level headed friend if the present Com missioner of Public Works is at the bottom of the poll. Of course most of our interest lies in our own district, and we anticipate one of the warmest contests yet experienced should all the rumours prove to be well founded. That ur. uocKourn ana xvir. jjanaseer miena coming out again is certain, and that both gentlemen have a long and honourable record of politics is also an undeniable fact. . The junior member for Mount Barker has also sat for many years as one of. the representatives of Mount Barker, and we admire the pluck of the old warrior in again contesting the political field with younger bloods like Mr. C. H. Matters, who, if report speaks truly, will again ktry to win a seat^ in the House. Then there is Mr. S. B. Wakefiald, who is mentioned an likely to come for* ward and try his luck. Of course one can never tell till the numbers go up who has managed to obtain the coveted place, but we feel it right to ass tne electors to pause and not throw over those who have served them well simply because thev are tickled by some new and brilliant scheme propounded by a political novice ; or are ftightened by a ghost which some man, with conservative ideas, may raise for the purpose of frightening timid men who are afraid of anything which has the aavour of liberalism or reform in it. There is one other point wliich we hope will be borne in mind, and that is with refer ence to the signing of papers before the election, which practically means the mortgaging of one^ vote, and the doing away with the good of the ballot. We have heard at previous elections of the most unscrupulous conduct of which some employers of labour have been gnilty in forcing their employes to declare for whom they intend to rota on pain of dismissal. Few things can be meaner than this, and, we are glad to think, fe» can so signally fail in «^;n;nff tneir desired end. Men sign such a paper, and then vote according to their own ideas. 'And, while we think that this whole system is bad, at the Game time we do not blame the man very much for acting according to his own convictions. Still no employer of labour with a grain or true nuM»-v - in him would ask his employes to commit their votes to his entire direOr tion. and do so by terrorising them with the threat of losing their situations thould they dare to be men, and thinfe and act for themselves. We shall continue io nope toai turn nun vi miug will soon be impossible in the whole of this province. We begin to grow somewhat tired of so much league and union influence, and fear that men are losing all their individuality by their being nnduiy dominated by some combined power, or by undue personal influence being brought to bear upon them. We are glad to believe that th6 old syatem of buying the votes for a pint or two of beer will soon be qsjte a thing of the past. Here and there a' fragment of manhood may be found vr'b&mll; sell his vote — and even, his soul if he has one — for a price, but the force of public opinion and education is oemg orougui ?« ««»' n^nm* «?« sections of the community, and these evil phases of electoral life must soon pass away. One more hope let us express, viz., that the heartburning and bitterness which have characterised some elections will be absent at tbe forth coming one, and that victors and vanquished will act as' becomes gentle men. 