SUNLIGHT AND SHADOW. A STOREY OF THE AUSTRALIAN BUSH. [BY "PARSONS PERRY."] CHAPTER V. [Continued.] 1 Oh, Doe, Doe, there's ? pieoe of blue in; ihewest.— Icoald give three otneiwr^I eofridi huar^everyone.'-v ? ( 'I- think 51- hadt-bietteV-get dot of yonrt way; you might hug me,' Mr.. Pendennis I ?ay«- .... I .,' Oh^ Mart, .- you, old fraud,! , as if you j wouldn't, like, it,' : she ones, -bending (her ;| saaoy face-back to him.- flevbends forward I and kisses it, and pinches her cheek. I ' You're incorrigible ' ' j ' Anf '; I,' she' retorts. :. ' Have .. you told il Doe what we proposed! doing,'?' . I ? No, hot yet.' I ' And,' pray what have you been doing,] sir I What has. he been doinfr^Doe? Never I mind. If it. is fine to-morrow wo are going* I fri. drive over to Reedy Gjeelrj^K is not more than ten miles, and a pionio among: oureelve» would be, so nice.' Father and', m'dther won't' come,' but' she is going to put'a basket of good. things,. and. it. wilL be jolly I think, don'uyou V,: . . , ' . ' ' Yes, I think so,' I answer, ' I have never been there.' : '' / Oh-| wftiwere.yonce-j ,it, is-a. loveljj .place. Such' lots -of ferns^maideh-bair,- and^all1. Mark; listen to me, I know May. will get her mother to ask you,;ta-;a-ake:pne-of theuvparty, butr-yoa mus'nt consent, do'vou heatv'r- . ' I' don't think'i*he'wiHiMlittle^ooe/. he an8wers,~with- a peculiar smile. 'Certainly! if they'' should aski'l will i decline,-. ;fori 1 1 greatly. prefer your company.': I 'That's an old dear./ ? All this time Dolly has been kneeling boside roe/ with ;ono arm,.; round. i my waist j now »ho,. rises and announces to' the'roon (ill that dinuer ia rsadyV We, .go in together—Mr. Pendehnis, D,olly.and;I, Dolly tanging on. my arm and cnatterihg all the 'way. ' * . \- After didner^is over^a more ?;? lengthy affair than'' usual1 we troop out to the verandah, and our spirits rise as we see the clouds scudding away before a light breeze I leavingv tbeA-.blue:'»kyr and bright. saQihine shining down on a wet world, and turning the rain.drops fo diamonds. ,; ' I am so sorry your father couldn't come to dinner^ I wonder how he managed.' Mrs. I Lynd says to me I have been wond#ring I myself, but as' it was too wet for himtooome I here or ;us to go to, him without much dis-l Bouifort it has been useless' td trodble. I ' I tbink it will be fine enough to drive to afternoon service,' she contiBUes. 'It is only two now and you girls can get ready by hulf-pasf, can't you ? I will tell James to. put the horses in the waggonette. Do you think you -oould come .MayP' Wffat time will they come for you V Oh, not until late Mrs. Lynd. I can go easily., Very well 'dear— and ? she i goes a wayv to order the waggonette to be brought round, and wo hurry off ;to dress. . : It is a hard ?truggle,.to get all into the vehicle, , but it is managed at last and the horses go off at a sharp trot. How r fresh and smiling all .the. world looks;, little birds, twitter; :; on the wet brambles and the soft sunshine falls on trees and hills and green field. My spirits below zero all the morning rise at one bound and 1 1 could sing aloud for joy. flow .beautiful is I tlm world, and how glorious all, the works I of God. Thure is more beaqty to me in the I leafless tr«e fluug about aod.^wisted .with I tho storms of many years than in the costliest I erection of man. The world is a lovely place, if we could .only forget puraelvea ind see its beauty, and; it is goodjAoI be in it/ f My face must- show my elation, and I know my voice' does; ? The simrile^ hymns never had' Ro.muoh meaning in them for nan before, and I aing1 them with my n'riart in them. That evening as we stand watching May depart, Flo comes and stands beside me. , , 'She didn't get them to persuade Mark to come did she.' May knows' what she is about: Shei tried to pump me ! concerning Mark's worldly condition. I just told her! his father, supplied him with money, but when he died the estate andievervthing would go to the eldest son. She wanted no more of I Mark ; a poor man will' not suit her] She has chained him to her most of the time I thinking he. was rich, and I think i poor I Mark, has aomething of a grudge against her.' I ' I don't see that1 the' chain ffalted,' 1 1 answer, ' She is a lovely and 'amusing1 corni punioh.' ' Ok, I daresay/ But Mark doesn't think so, be quite certain of that. L. 'Oh, well, I daresay, she. would maker a very good wife1.' ' ' 'Porhapa»ibutr-thereareibeiter. We will have a pleasant day to-morrew, I hope. We must start early.' Wo do start early. The tiiorning is chilly hnt ,we are a merry, laughing lot,'ahd with' warm |wraps defy the cold air. I am seated beside my peace-spoiler who attentively fastens mv clook, and watches my every movement nntil I become quite ashamed. It was not thus Christmas ever, andJ.wonder whether he is a flir'. . I have .beard of , male flirts,- but never.l :met.bne..,v,Pe'haps theyvmay,,grovr them in I England and this is a specimen of one', I ' Did' any of . you see a ghost-like form I gliding down the hall une night V Dolly asks I presently. . I 'No what was'-it '?' some ask. I 'Well; guess.1. ' ; I ' (T65bec6ritifaoJldf)i)t''^ I 