THE MALIGNANCY OF INANI MATE THINCS. A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a canons theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objects. The author of the theory appeals very wisely in the first instance to he common experience of all ( human befogs, and then, having secured that substantial basis of aoknowledged fact, proceeds to work out his genera! theory. Many another doctrine— that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon — it argued after a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to oar common experienoe of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the great battles of Spain Stint James himself had charged under the spanish flag, bat added modestly, 11 unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects oan seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experienoe. Let as have the faots to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate objects? The footstool that was un doubtedly put carefully into a corner— how does it come to be in the middle of the room? The fire whioh was blazing np a mo ment ago — why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it; bnt let him divert his attention for one moment to any- other object. and after h m the dflugr. The latch-key— but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the troubles withthelatoh-key,inaffnnhh asunphiloeophioal levity might suggest nn welcome explanations. that oomea in the way of the hero's tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves eo keenly one day, utterly decline to shave at all tbe next day, and then, bring neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignly- meant oltim when tried again in despair, and become sharp as tne Roman King's razor which cut the whetstone through ? Why will the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on P We might go on through a whole catalogue of suoh experiences, the daily ex periences of most of as. There is no question — there oan be none — as to the experienoe. Let aoyof us takenotioeon auy day of the number of times on whioh he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper— sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new ptulesophie theory. We confess that, although we fiiri the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rales for the gnidenoeof evmy- day or any day -life. Beoanse if these in animate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, after philosophy snail nave recognised the fact of their malignity. Bnt, if we were to jefnse to oonaiflw a theory merely because we did notaee what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy ft as from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the vexations and impatienoes of mankind under the refrao tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at ast crystallised themselves into a theory, we fed hound to commend it topublic considera tion, even although we do not fed in any way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made xnuoh the easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way ynpir mJUXATHtG THAN THE LUCIFER MATCH. Who can tdl when it will light, when it frill refuse to light, when it wul break In the middle, when it will snap off juBt at the top after lighting, and leave . its fiery head on one's hand ? Buj all this will go on no doubt even after the world h&B; accepted the philosophic theory hat the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-oenditioned gnome or sprite or imp. we cannot educate or oonvert or punish a lucifer match any more than we oan an lll-oonditioDdd gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the f edings of a human being now and then to know that when his water- jog for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his ooffee at a railway station would not oool in tarns to let »« bw&Uow; it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home oooledeo instanta neously as to make him unwilling toe wallow it at aU — it might perhaps relieve hie feelings to know that he was straggling against a malicious enemy, and not Suffering from a commonplace aooident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long since a principle of that philo sopher, discussed the possibility of bringing au odious and hopeless world tse a dose by AN ACT OF UNIVERSAL SUICSLB. But he admitted ostein doubts as to the feasibility of aooomplishing such a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of nnivKsti sdf -obliteration. Even the lower animals - might be persuaded or ooerced into the same .arrangement. Bnt hiB hesitation web as to wnit are called— nnphilosophioaUy no : doubt— tbe inanimate things His convic tion was that the world began with theiuml mate things, as weoallthaoti -nhey sterted the whole business, and then canmdW loiter animals, and then came man. Nowhnnpoee Mian were universally wHUng to extinguish Y ' . V' himself — what guarantee oonld he possibly have from these inanimate things that the moment he had disappeared tbey would not start the whole machine of existence all- over again. Yon cannot have a oompact with the sands of the de sert or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. Yon cannot have a treaty with the dost of the highway or aa aiiiktuw with the coals in a mine. Even if yon could have such an arrangement who oonld answer for its being carried oat ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words? The moment our backs were turned they, would be sure to set the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun of the business. Now it seems to ub that there is a great deal of practical good Beuse in that ides. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher about the malignancy of inani mate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that there waa anything man kind particularly wanted them to do, then they would instantly, and out of sheer malice, make up their minds not to do it. We oan judge of that from that common and trying daily experience to whioh we have already referred. Tbe disciple of Sbhopenhauer had npt, perhaps, when he developed his doubts ever heard of what we may call the in animate malignancy theory. But if he had heard of it, and admitted that there waB something in it, he would assuredly have found tiimmrif strengthened in his wholesome He might still find sermons in stones, but he would fed sure that it would be fntOe to trust to the promise of a stone A.4 .4 ..it mU Mtnn uztmiftg insf 6(1 AtllffO. him. — "Daily News." 