MATRIMONIAL MISHAPS. NEIGHBOUR B ViWN'S COSTLY ILUNER. ¶,ENRY, what do you think! Mr. lJRavensdalc is stqingo for the stage. IHe has written a iplay, and says he will read it to its to night,"raid Mrs. Wilson, somewhat excitedly, a her husband was removino g his overcoat.? Ile stopped procedigs, with one arm still in the sleeve of his`~ t, to stare at his wife. "Great havens, Areann, have we gob to take this on top of; io flute? Either meansinsanity, but the two together mean death-cold-lingered dslthtl I wish you and that heron- proportiraed biped to under stand that I'i no phomograph, to have every fool in the countryyell at and expect ingme to repeat to-morrow the utterances Iam forced to hear. If tie idiot begins any of his rantings around me, he is liable to get his head punched. I hare no love for his legship, to begin with. A striking appear aneu he would make on the stage I I will sit out in the barn until the curtain drops," Wilson savagely said. " I know I shall enjoy it, and you would too, only you are envious of his talents," she rellied. "Undoubtdly, madam," hlie sneered, elevating his chin and casting a disdainful glance at his wife. "lHe laid the plot in Ireland, in the days of ancient chivalry," she explained. "Ifhohadlaidit on the fire with that eternalflute, his posterity would have risen upand called him blessed," he growled. The hours slowly passed and supper-time came. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were at the table with their boarder. " We expect to hear that play this even ing, and would prefer it in character," said iMrs. Wilson, as they arose from the table at the close of the meal. . Very well I will do my best," answered IPlversdale. lie soon mado his appearance, with a long scarlet cloak thrown over his shoulders, white knee Iuaits. black stockings, and a green vest. Dangling at his spurred heel was a sword of prodigious length. After reading a few moments, be laid aside his manuscript, and recited the play from memory. \lhedinground to Wilson, and drawing his sword, he shouted : "I am tihe Ghost of Ancient Chivalry, come to do battle for the down-trodden pcolple of our unhappy land. 1)o you dare accept the gage?" " You bet your bones I do! And if you will lay down that pruning knife, and come at me with bare knuckles, I will fix you so your own folks would not know you from a barrel of mincemeat ! No specimen of a centre- pole can whoop-la around my house without hearing from yonrs truly. i'ut down your prod-pole ant face the music," Iowlerd Wilson. "Henry Wilson, areyou crazy" " Lay lown your fish spear, and meet me half- ay !" yelled Wilson defiantly. With one long arm extended towards the ceiling, and the other with sword in hand Ipointing at Wilson, the Ghost of Ancient Chivalry hissed l: "Grasshopper ! spider! flea ! I could Srushll ye with Mh. vcigl. ..r Illy Hitltl. finer i Youn are not worthy of my steel !" and with a knightly shrug of his shloulders Ihe strode from the room. SRtavensdale's dog came from under the ipiano, lazily stretched hirmelf and trotted Stowards the door. With ii bound Wilson t: ade a kick at the animal. Had it struck the object at which it was aimed, it would thave driven the dog through the side of the bouse or broken Wilson's leg. But the dog slipped out of harm's way, and Wilson landed backward on his head in a chair. "I am glad of it! Serves you right! What do you suppose Mr. Ravensdale thinks of you now?" his wife cried. " Wilson slowly drew Ihimself upon the chair. His right leg stood straight out in front of himn, ald lie Iheld his back with both hands. He gazed at his wife with a mournful expression, and groaned feebly. " What is the matter?" shie asketd. " My backbone is broken,"' he replied. "Nonsense! If it were you could not mlove !" " Yes, it is. I can feel the fracture, andI am certain that the two ends of the bone have slipped by each other," ihe whisplered. " Why doyou hold your leg out that way ?" l'aralyzed !" he moaned. "Fudge ! You are all right." "Of coors lam. I am an indiarubber man. No such thiring as hurting me. Never theless. this nlght's work has been the wind up of my earthly affairs. The only thing I regret is that 1 did not kill the idiotic stork I am going to make a new will, and stipu late that if you marry him, every cent will go to found a home for unloved husbands," he exclaimed. "There's aland that is fiirer than this," the boarder softly played on his flute. Wilson was on his feet like a jumping jack, and kicked his chair across the room with his laralvzed foot. "That flute seems to have a great healing power for you, my dead," observed his wife. "That fiend must go ! I will pitch him and his outfit from the chamber window" "There's a good time coming," pealed forth the flute. "lt hascome right now !" yelled Wilson, starting for the stairs. A ring at the door-bell caused him to turn back, and, opening the door, he was con fronted byhisneighbour, Mr. Brown, who asked him to step outside for a moment. " Henry," he said, "I have always tried to be a good neighbour, and never had any fault to find with you until you made a home for that bean-pole, who cannot sleep without rlaying a flute to snore by. My wife anrd I have lain awake niglhts for three mortal wreeks, and slept in the day-time until we imagine we can see flutes as long at the trees they are shipping from California to tire World's Fair, and twice as large around, n'ith holes in them like celhars. I shall have softening of the brain, or ehooping cough, ifitisnot stopped." added Brown, as he sdespondedly shook iris head. " Dear friend of my childhood's days, 1 ama persecuted man, and from thie sime source. Give me your honored rhanrd, Btrown and then gather all tihe bricks, stones, and dead catsthat are distribuied through tie alley, anti thlrow them throagh the window I into his room. I will stand all damages," chuckled Wilson. "Honest ?" questioned nown. "Slhure thing l Land a Imw alongside of his elongated head, and I will stanl the cigars. Pump them in thitk l never mirnd ithe glass; it's my hIouse,' said Wilson, Spatting Brown encourrgingly on the Sshoulder. I "I will do it by jocks i" sid Brown. Wilson went back into the hiouse, and Swithl a merry twinkle in hileyes throw him I self on the lounge. I 1"Who was that!" inquirsd Mrs. Wilson. I "Amanto see me on business," was Wilsons ebort reply. i S"Meet me by moonlight,' came in dulcet I tones from the flute. SIt was quickly followec by a crash of Sglass, and a heavy substrnce fell on the chamber floor. " What was that! l" cridr Mrs. Wilson, Sspringing to her feekl "It's only your chum, the Irish Ghost, rehearsing," giggledl l\ilson. The music began again, and the gla-s Iberan to rattle. Thump ! bang! in quick nccewsion, U',n after another, several missiles dropped or i the floor and IHounded the wall. "Someone is breaking your windows"!' yelled the boarder from thelhead of the ' stairs. "Breaking your windows, are they?'. inquired Wilson, running up the stairs. " No, it is in the other room," replied tle boarder. " What," yelled \Wilon, rushing to the door, to lind the floor covered with stone and glass. Both windows were denmolisheo l and the plastering was broken in several places. "The old fool has been bombarding the I wrong windows ! i?rorwn will go down in his Ypocket and pay for tfhis ! Idiot! coward !" Wilson ejaculatel, rushing down the stair'. " This comes of your musical boarder !" growled Wilson, addressinghis wife. "LIe will pay dearly for this job !" "Who did it" Who will paY forit?" cried Mrs. Wilson. " That long-necked boarder !" he yelled. "Why do you not go out and see who it vas ?" she asked. "I suppose you think the rioters are waiting to be recognized. I am going to bed. The conusarned fool !" Wilson muttered to himself. "All Brown knows is to raise a goat." "I just believe Henry Wilson engaged some one to do it, and his agent has broken the wrong windows," she mused, eying her husband curiously. 