ST. JOHN’S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. There wan a large congregation at St. John's Pres byterian Church, Peel street, yesterday morning. The Rev. W. S. Macqueen, who occupied the pulpit, took for his text St. John xx., 21—“Then said Jrsus to them again, peace be unto you; as my Father hath sent me, even so send J you ” The preacher pointed out that the words had a peculiar sacrednevs on account of their being among the last words which Christ addressed to his disciples, and like a man who feel* he is speaking to his friend for the last time, -'•peak-* with unusual tenderness. So it was with Christ. They who had travelled with Him for three years learnt mote of His purpose in the last few words than they had lea nt before. People had been inclined to think that the work of Christ had been completed at Hi 9 ascension, but such was not His teaching. The work He came to carry out, was the work He handed on to His dis ciples and followers. Cod was never disappointed in the works of Jesus Chiist, and surely it was the wish of God never to be disappointed in us. When Je<*us came on earth He came with authority, and as God’s ambunador, for He Himself said—“l came down from Heaven, not to do My own will, but the will of Him that sent Me.” If the sons of men once pot this conception of Divine authority behind them, they would not b? easily moved. Then, whether we have success or non-success, let us remember that we are engaged ie Chris tian service, not because we chose it, but because -we were chosen l>y God. In all our Lord's works He labored unpretentiously. There is a lack in His li r e not usually lacking in the lives of men —the lack of He never wanted power or honor; all He desired was to carry out the divine will. In men there is so much that assorts it-elf, so great a desire to be estimated, such a con tinual ‘ longing for recognition by tbe children of inen, that the whole attitude of Christ, which was one of humility and unpre tentioueness, should be an example to us. In carry ing out his work Chiist had also a definite vlmw to seek and to save those which were lost. He had no bewilderment, doubt, or uncertainty, but had come to do the will of Him who had sent him. With us while we are in earnest in otir wotk there comes a time when we are not very certain where our woik is tend ing. We should keep clearly before our minds the things we are aiming at, the goal we have in view. The Cross must ever be before the servant of God. and a desire to bring others to a knowledge of God. Our Lord, moreover, was enthusiastic i« all he did. His enthusiasm was not a matter of fits and starts; he allowed no obstacle to stan«l in his way, and a calm, s*eady enthusiasm was manifested all through life. Uis passion for men carried Him to tbe cross, and His enthusiasm led Him to Calvary. It is only as we drink in His spirit that we are able to live as the children of God. Let mbe assured that if we give ours-Ives to Christ. He will breath upon us, and we shall receive the Holy Ghost. Jesus told his disciples that he lived by the Father. He had a continual realisation that he was not separated from God, and to this divine fellowship we are called. The Christian life which is not sustained by continual fellowship with God must dwindle and die. The preacher concluded an eloquent sermon by impressing upon his heareia that, as Christ came to seek and to save the )o9t, ire should realise the dignity of our calling, and 'do what'we can to save our fellow men. At tbe con clusion of the Betmon the ordination of Messrs S. Trend and M. B. Johns ns elders of the kirk session took place, the nervine being roost impressively con ducted by the Rev. W. S. Macqueen. 