IAORILAND HO! IcopvninnT.) Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. \- ? ? - — * ? i -\ Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY A Til A WESTBURY, OIIAPTER VII. — Continue!* ' My Bongn nro nnything but senti mentnl,' says ho, apologetically, nnd at thu a 11 mo time thrumming a lively air. ' Oil, I. should liko to go . Where tho guidon npploa grow ; . Whoro, below nnother sky \- Parrot islands nnoliored lie. Where ill auinihine reaching out, Enstorn cities niileB nbout, ' Aro, Willi mosque niul minaret, iimoiig gionoua ^uiuuiio . Oh, I Bhould like to ride Tnrou' tlio. Simoon fiery tido J AVhero tho npoB and coooa-nuts, And the liogro hunter's hut a J Whero the knotty crocodile' Lies and blinks in tho Nilo ; Whero in jungles near and far, Man-devouring tigers are.' Applaiiso nud laughter, togetlior with many regrets that tho aallnnt singer can not havo his -wish (as set forth in his Bong) .gratified.' When tho ko'so lina subBiacd tho sol dier littles Miss Weldon to sing. Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Fentnii IIowo and his friend aro seated, nud moves quietly to tho piano. ' I'm afraid I shall boro you with my sentiment, Mr West.' ; '?Not' at all,' ho says, laughing. Grace selecta hor song, and Bingfi it well iu hor rich mezzo-soprano. ' When tho flowers nro nil dying, Aud tho south wind swoot and low, Hound their graves a dirgo ia sighing, Will it not bo Bweet to know That, while autumn clouds aro looming, And tho summer cliavina depart, There are brighter lloweis blooming In the gnnien of tho heart.' ' When tho breath o£ evening lingon-* And tho sun's rays Boftly Bteal Through tho vino with rosy fingers, Will it not be joy to fool Tlmt, while wo iu wakeful dreaming Mark tho golden moinonts roll. There's a brighter morning booming Through tho twilight of tho soul.' ? Not a broath of noisy applause fol lowed tho girl's Bong. Tho charm waa too strong upon her liateuers for that. Amid the aileneo Madam Elsio cnino for ward to the rescue ol her neico. With a soft touch upon tho instrument, sho Bang n roverio by ono of Now 'A .nlund'a famous song writors,— ' Star by star his slowly faded over head, Tho flashing liglit-mnrked bars of gold anil red . . , _A moment linger. „ Tho fair young day^ Wtikos o'er the tinted ranges. Far . away ' Eohoos tho lnughtor of tho jay. . A weird, but lovely hour. The glowing morn ' Grows avritter than my thought. Tho dawn Fordroams and castle-building in the air, With fair and roBcato shadows overy \- whero — A acono to ahut out care. Tho churchyard yonder, with its silent . .. it end — Dust uiito : dust — holds all I ? wor shipped. Methinks 1 hear a urnall voico ory — ' We shiill havo fairor meeting, you ' _ and 1, In Ohriat's glad immortality.' ' Tho soiubro trees which round mo drowso and moHU ltopoat in whiBpora,. ,'vThou art not itlono.' ? Thy Icindrod spirit snys,v ' Thoro is no : donth, Save to.- the.- doubtor. Lovo ond fnitli ? Stand hero and hnswereth.' ,'!..Wo are going to drift into tho molau . choly otiigo, 1 do believo,1' whispers IIowo to Vanu,- aud tlio: noxt moment ho is at tho piano, thrumming out a vory lively . preludn to a Bong ho oalla 'Brown Eyos. ' '? Just tho. old, old story ? ; . ? Of light and shade ; Lovo like the violet tendor, Liko'.it may bo to vary, * May bo to fade. V Just thu old tondor story, -? ?? J list a glimpao of morning glory, In an earthly pnrndiso, ? With Bhadowy n flections _ In a pail1 of swoot brown eyes. \- Brown oyes a man might woll Bo proud to win ! Opon to hold his image, ? . Shut uudor silken lashes, Only to ahut him in. .01), glad eyes look together, For life's dark stormy woatlior Grows to n fairer thing, When young oyes look upon it Through n liny wodding ring. Thoy stood above the world In a world apart, ? And sho drooped hor happy oyes ; . And Btillud tho throbbing pulses ? Of hor happy- heart. : And the moonlight foil above her, ? .? Hor Beoi'et to {liscovor j And tho .tnooiibonms kissed hor hnir, , , As though no human lovor Had laid kiBaea thoro. ?' Look up, brown eyos,' ho said, 1 ^ . V And answer mine ; Lift up those silicon friugcB That hide a hnppy light Almost divine','. The. jealous moonlight drifted . . ' ; To tho fiuger half uplifted, Whorij-shpne the- opal ring — ; Whoro tho'coloisdaiiced and shifted .. Oil tlio pretty changeful thing.' ?'Bravo, young fellow,' ories thu . : major, applauding with both hands, and thereby bingeing his beard with tlio liro from the rignr he ia sin iking, ' I had no idea you woro muaical. ' ; . ;Fentor. laughs. ' I fancy wo aro not wise judges of each' other,' he Bays, . . 'Now, I have an idea tlmt our worthy : and respected host could boat my humble effort if ho would kindly try.' . . Applause, and loud calls for tho mnjor. ' God.bleBs my soul [' ejaculates tlie , mastor of Pinefnlla, growing suddenly opoplcctical, ' Wnnt d'ye moan, sir ? : Why, it is over twenty y.'ara since I .last tried my hand at a song, and that was the nialit before Inkci mniann, when a few of ' ours ' woro dining with (ieneral Oatli oirl Colonol Tom Sutton gave mo liis rtinlitliiili.tl opinion on my vocal oltort — i lio itiiid that my voico reminded him of a saw grating on n nnil.' i 'Thero is ono song you ntedtosing, 1 pn,' aays Grnco. ' You know I havo accompanied you many a timo, when you | and I iiavo beon shut up togotlior in that : great wintry houso nt Hawthorn.' i 'Eh! yCB, certainly,', reflects tho major. ' But, my doar, tho ditty is only fit for children, or— or an oflicor'n mess room.' Tho guests will not tako a rofusal, and tho host is led enptivo to tho piano, whoro Grace takes hor Beat, and begins a lively but pretty prelude. 'Gentlemen, tho Bong has what my friond, Tom Sutton would term, a rattling oliorua,' again Baya tho major, clearing hia throat for action. 'Oapital 1 bo much tho bbUor,' cry tho othors. *? ' Triiat tho lad, though now rebelling ; Do not fear. Turn him not from thia our dwelling, Father doar 1 Boar with him a littlo longor In his sin. Love will make his poor heart stronger Take him in. Ohorus — Trust tho lad a littlo longer, ' Do not foar. He may bettor grow, ond Btronger, Father dear. | Scarcely twenty yoars havo brightened And grown sore, ! Sinco a bnbo our hearta ho lightened, Father dear, ? , IIow wo lovod our little brother ; Ah 1 thought wo, Not in all tho world anothor Such as ho. 'Ohdrua, boya.' And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so nimplo that tho poorest musician may join in its full compass. ' On ono stifling hot December, Oh, how drear ! j Mother left us all, romember, Father dear. And boforo she ontorod, smiling Into joy. 'Love, 'who said, with voice beguiling 'Lovo my boy.' Choru8 — Trust tho lad a little longer, Do not fenr ; lio may hotter grow, and strongor, Fathordoar. CHAPTER VIII. A PEEP INTO TISMI'lE ASIIFOKD's DIA11Y. I find I only bogan to livo at twenty. I, Temple Ashford, only son of Sir Georgo Ashford, Major Gownl, K.C.B., of Gloncoui t, awaken up to tho fact that hithorto, viz., from my infancy to tho ago of ono score years I had exigteil only, no moro. In this, my chroniclo, with its faded ink and its yollow pagos, will be found tho ovonts which roused mo into lifo. Ah, mo! what shadows haunt us till wo havo found tho power and the way to imprison thorn. Keep n diary, and lo I overy thought, ovory haunting momory of tho past, rising as shootod ghosts to terrify and drivo ub tj despair, . nro oliainoii, bound fasr. Wo tuko.tliom from our hearts, nnd lay them to Bleep within n frail Bheot of papor, olso will thoy worry us to our doom. j When did I begin to livo ? Ono stinny day, nftor I hnd returned to Glencourt from England, whero for fivo yoars Ox ford had claimed mo as its pupil, Horace, Platua, Molioro, Lo Sago, Voltaire, Cer vantes, Shakospoaro, Fiolding, and Ejwift 1 gavo mo no moro knowledge of tho world ' than book loro gives to tho impulsive 1 student who finds life but lo live, nnd en- 1 joymont tlio chiof aim of life. ' Thore ar'o nion who say thoy know tho 1 world, bccauso thoy know its vices. Ad- 1 mit this claim, aud what sago would rival a smart policeman? Iliad tho loro of tho sages, but I was uttorly ignorant of that groat book, mankind. Light-hearted, 1 happy, aud without a care, I took men and women for what thoy seemed. Goetho, ? with all his atrango, weird-like power, I presented only tho beautiful to my in ward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to mo only of light and strongtfi. Ilia groat croation, tho Prinoo of Darknesa himsolf, was not., to my mind, tho miserable enrtoon of tho vulgar, but rathor majesty humbled by pride— good perverted. A mnn will novor bocomo a scholar of tlio world without tho one thing needful — observation. You may enricli your mind nnd storo your brain with all tlio craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is aa bo inuoh fuel, wanting the applianco of the match to firo it into lifo and activity. It moBtly happens that oxporionco is tho fororunnor of observation. Deceit bring in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This ia my proces verbal a maximis ad minima.' After woary yoars of watching and waiting I bogan to write tlioso things down. Not that I havo any connecting link from day to day, or month to month, of oiroumstanco or ovont aB it took place, but because tho only way that presented itself tj mo of allaying momorics that woro almoat unbearable was to jot them hore in black aud whito. Sunny tho morn, and boautiful tho landBonpe, docked in its morning robe of green nnd grey and ruasot brown as I took my wny across tho bracing uplands of Wostland. Beneath ino pranced and capered Hannibal, my father's favorito liuntor, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried mu along liko a bird on tlio wing. Cns'tmjr nty oyes away over the plnin I saw a lady on horsoback, dashing away al a hoadbng gallop towards the rocks nnd ohnsins, nnd tho doep ravines whioh bordor Lako Whipera. It needed no Bocond glnnco to convinco me that; tho stood — a powerful thoroughbred — had. tho nuistory, and was cnrryiiig itB fair btirdon to swift and certain destruction, I saw tlio roiuti woro brokon, but tho rider sat iho flying horse coolly and gracefully, hor only grip boing a piece of tho ungnvorn able bruto's ninno, held firmly iu her gloved, hand. In an instant, tho situation was revealed to mo. Tlio noxt Baw mo pressing Hannibal to hia swiftest paoe to intercept tho runaway. Thoro wsb about an equal distanco botweon tho noarest point of tlio lako and where the race bo gan — tho thoroughbred bonding with a straight rush for the wator— I, taking a cross courso to cut him oil' from tho dan gerous point. It Boomed to mo that death, certain and bloody, awaitod tho lady if I did not gain tho riairg ground first. With lcnoo and voico I urged tho gallant hunter, who, seoining to compre hend what was at stake, bounded nlon' tike n a.'ng, flinging tho whito foam from hi nostrils, and Bnorting in reply. I cannot tell how I joined issue with tho frightened Btood. Barely fifty t)aces from the BUmmit of tho Bteep jagged clilf I aoized tho looso hanging rein, niul twist ing i't round my hand, suddonly whouled tlio runaway round Iho way he camo. The wrench nnd strain npnn my wiist paius nto yot, and will pain ntn while. [ i livo. The maddened lirntu pulled itiiMitit of the saddle, hut 1 held on to liitii and brought him up, his chest and thinks i quivering and covered with sweat and ; blood. ] In a moment tlio fair rider leapt to tho ground. Looking at hor I saw a faco of i rare aud exceeding loveliness, which i smiled upon me, whilo her soft whito i hands touched mine thnt were aching And throbbing with pain. A hrunottoof tho Moorish type, with a daali of the wild i Bohemian, tho faco brilliant, the red lips : a triflo too full ami too sonsual, hut alto gether a matchless, superb girl, just bud- : ding into womanhood. i ' Sir, how bravo you havo beon ; you i havo saved my life, aud nt the risk of your own. What can I say to you ? How can I thank you ?' Tho voice was low, and sweet, and rich, — a most excellent thing iu woman. 'I am already thankod,' I said. 'Is there any way in which I can havo tho honour to assist you 1' Sho laughed, and with an Eastorn grace replied, 'mend my bridlo, which naughty Tricksy has brokon, and kindly 8eo mo to Hawksnest.' ' Haw ksncst ! Is that your homo V' . ' Yes. You can seo its gables yonder by tho lako. Thia morning I went forth for a gallop with my favorito hero, but i the brute turned restive and bolted.' ^ Tho runaway appoarod quiot enough now. I saw by its points that it was a grandly bred mare, a chestnut in color. ' What a noble beast I' I said in ad miration. ' Yes,' sho ropliod, patting tlio naughty one's Bhining neck, ' my brothor gave throe hundred guineas for Tricksy. From him I received hor aa a preaont.' # # # # HawksnoBt waB a roomy villa in a wild part of tho country, Burrounded by a forest of kauri pines, and lay about forty miles distant from Glencourt. Of its oc cupants I had nover heard o word from my father, or my sistor Hilda. It Beomed all tho moro Btrango to me when my fair 1 companion, who had not mentioned hor name, led mo to tho house, and then in troduced mo to her father, Ratazki . Bar jew. For a Polo lio could speak English remarkably well. Ho was an alion from his beloved Poland, lie said. Ho had taken part with tho peoplo in aoino dis turbances, nnd hnd to fly from hia enemies. Barjow waa tall and thin, with a dark, restless oyo thnt itewr looked straight at you. I Btayed and dined, and waa intro duced to Riali Barjew's brothor Paul. Ho ivas only a youth, scarcely out of Mb teens, but asl'afterwarda discovered ho had a profound knowledge of tho world, which at timca baflled calculation. Thero are men who do not requiro experience in this art ; they take- to it intuitively. ] Tlioir first step in lifo oxhibits tho same , profound nuistory over tho minds of ; others, ns at tlio closo of a noblo or ig- | noblo careor. From tho first I did not ] liko Paul Barjow. Something thoro waB , in him that repelled, and yot attached me , to him. Porchnnco tho secret of this lay , in the subtle charm aud fascination which - his beautiful Bister soon began to oxorcise , over my ovory feeling, thought, and word. , Looking back at those thingB through tho , vista of yoars, I am atiinzoil at the mnd- , ness of my infatuation, for I kno.v now it was not- lovo. 1 became a constant visitor at Hawks- I nest. Itiali Barjew met mo ever with a i blush and n sniilo of welcome. Ah 1 lior's was a mouth that surely amilod doa- , traction ; lior's was a fact that wns as a , atory whose ?eavo3 are yet uncut. ' i Out on tho still lake, with the moon - overhead, and hosts of Btara mirrored on its clear bosom. No Pritioesa nf tho 'I ruiloriea, .or of the Q iartior B-r-— iuid ' moro grnco, or n moro fatal gleam in those ; black lustrous eyes, with their daimorous drop of thick, curling' htBhos. Warm, ' tranquil night, and nlone with Riah Bar- - jow. 'Ah, Monsieur.', alio ploads, . Boftly, :? 'how brave you were that morning: to ; dare to stop a mad ruunway horao, in full : flight; it waa marvellous;. You.saved mv life. How shall I- ovor ' allow- , 1 half , my -i gratitude ? ? * i ' Givo mo leave to lovo you, Riali.' 'Hu8h ! Tueao aro graceful word8, but you do not mean them, sir.' vi . ' Call mo Temple, lady. All ! if I havo but won tho rich rooompcuso which lies in tho smallest title to your gratitude ' I am the happiest of men.' Sho looked up at mo with tho light of 1 the moon on her calm, dispassionate faco ; ' men yearn for nothing but powor,' sho answored, ' Lovo with you moana idlo complimonta and flattery. . With uavouth and beamy aro Crown and- Sceptre, nnd ! we reign over tho renl.m of'.. lovo. You i are old, nnd require nuraes or.c crutches ero powor becoiuoa youra. .'We — wo livo only in our youths nnd in our bonuty, and wo on joy lovo in it. If I live long onough my hair will bo white, and my sltin yollow. Bah! lot ub not waste timo in talking of that lovo which men pro fess.' Oh, tho calm dreams in silent glons nnd on woodod heights, with the echo of that sil vory voico charming and luring mo. Oh, tho soft musio beneath tho giant kauri pinos ! Uvory lovely woman has a caprico, but Riah Birjew's overy mood was with out the rulo that guides most women. 'You liko music,' alio says, softly. ' Ah, yo -, 1 can seo it in your faco. En glishmen are cold and prosy, but they havo eloquent oyes sometimes!' Sho sings, without effort, the familiar canzono ot Figaro, with a voice whioh tho sweat throated tohos in tho leaves abovo us might have on vied. From Figaro to the sublime harmonies of the Stubat Mater, without prelude or apology, i now wniling liko tho sigh of a vesper , hymn at oventide, now bursting into' passionate prayer, liko tho swoll of a To Doiim from the Cathedral altar. Out on tho still nigt't roso tho matohloss musio of voico, rich, clear, thrilling, nnd changiu'j suddonly to one of Verdi's gayest aruia. mingling IIuckonB1 slumber song will. Bomo reckless Venetian barcarolle. ~ ? 'Your voico is exquisite, marvellous ] Riah.' ,. ... | Sho Inugha softly. 'They know hov .. to teaoh music in Paris, sir.' ^ ' You woro not born in Paris, wot ' you?' ?' No,' sho answers. ' I claim no liighor lineago than n half blood M-K-r for my mothor, and this dull, dark Island for my birthplaco. But my father sunt mo to Franco ore I could lisp liis nam ?, nnd there I romained until good Mndain doPentvillo could teaoh mo nothing morn, eitlior of music or the latest Bcandnl in fashionable circles. Sitting hero roininds me of tho old chatoau at Dijon, whoi wo had lessons for breakfast, for lunch, and for dinnor, with long practice b\ way of dessert, How I used to boat my wings against tlio barred windows, and long to escnpa o'er tho .purple moun tains.' No more dangoroua biren in ancictf fable than this, with the mocking light --! Iter ? :-7. -iio . yes, and the rosy, smiling lips. N-. more witching creaiuro from, the pa rol of G.tllur.'/.i, who dazzled all in -it u!t i looked on thein with tiie shino of their /n.'.iu ij'am, yet whoso whito jewo'.lt-d hands Hhook tho philtre into tlio! loving eup. I Lit mo moralize no more, or 1 shall fill tho pages of my diary ero I havo freed tho thoughts which rise betimes liko accus ing angels. ! In tho abstract my sin lay in this. I svaB tho. willing dupe nf a consummate Hcounttrel and his confederates, who used a cold, calculating, nnd beautiful decoy to lure me, that is all. Tho dotails, ! abrupt, and perhaps a littlo vaguo, may; serve its a boacon to othors who, liko my-; solf, are ignorant of tho smooth gilded ' ways of wickedness. i I had been acquainted but a short timo. with tho oxile, Barjow aud his family, | when I began to play. IIow it camo about is a mystery, for in my heart I i hated gambling. Porliap3 it was bocauso ' Riah Barjew wns my partnor at these | times, that I began to look forward to : tho long winter evenings at tho villa ns aj sort of ISdin, wherein thoro was only Evoj for me. Not at this time, but long after wards I knew Hawksnest to ho nothing! moro nor leas than a gambling don, and its inmates tho very worst type of so-i called gentlemanly riillians thnt. prov on society. Thero was nothing unusual in tlio crowded rooms, filled night nftor ^ night wiili eager, watchful men and wo-, nion -v ho staked their last, shilling with ! tho sany frnid of my Lord Rochester. j Even at that timo, when I saw nothing boyond tho big bhtck eyes of my lovely lure, it struck mo as most strange, but I had visited Paris, nnd I know tho Parisians to bo fond of ccarte. as a pastime' only. j In my novitiato my fair partnor waa allowed to instruct mo until 1 became an! apt player, and I wont into the trap. t It was a curious study to- watch tho tido of fortune flowing into our hands at I the beginning. Truly, luck was every thing in our case. Many a half-smothored nacre was heard from honenth tho thick moustncho of llnt.izki Barjow at our sue- 1 cosa, nnd ns his daughter swept tlio golden, pieces into her lap. This waB the boginuing. Slowly but surely tho fever laid its grip upon mo — tho feverish oxcitoinout of tlio gambler. While tho malady was upon mo I carod littlo whether Riali Barjew waa present or otherwise. Tiio ambition to win seemed to absorb all elao of thought or fooling within my heart. Tho photographs of tho persons who gathered nightly round our tablo aro vividly retained in my momory. Old Barjow, with liis tliili, keen faco hungrily watching tlio oards on tho green baizo. Opposito tho lioBt a woll mado, handsome young mnn, about my own ago, by linmo Jocolyn Vnnborough, and who might easily have boen: taken for my twin brothor. Paul Barjow filled tho picture as my vis-a-vis. Boyond tho glare of tlio lampa was ono figuro whom I obsorved often watching for somo ono who liovor camo. It was tho form of a lady, if tho erect carriage, small, well gloved hands and a hundred other unmistakoablo signs of birth nnd brooding aro any indications of a gentlewoman. Slio always took up a position in tho samo spot, and that npot tho most shrouded part of tlio room. Sho never played, and no ono appeared to trouble themselves about hor. At a cer tain hour she loft:tho villa, but to roturn again tho noxt oveiiing to her post. , Ono night my curiosity got tho better of my manners. ' Who is this lady V' I asked of my host, pointing to tho dark form standing motionless as a Btatuo. Barjew wheeled round. ' Ah, mon ami,' ho aaid, . shrugging his shoulders, 'that is a poor creature who conio-t and goes to my domicile as tho whim pleases her. MrB Sydney- JJljick is the wife of my most intimate; friend, n gentleman whom I nhnll hiivp much plonsure in in troducing.to you. ; In- and by. At presont he is in Melbourne, .but* ? lie will bo.horo after tli'vraco8.'-.ci- - - ? '.Mb Mr :lilack:a racing man ? . . . ' My good triend,/ ;repliod .my hoBt, with a laugh, ? ' you, English; havo a way of saying liursli words;: :Mr . Black r' is a sportsman, and thoiownor of several race liuisea ' ' Humph l Dooa the -lady know that hor liogo lord is absent ? ' V Who can toll what the thoughts of women nre?' nnawered Barjow, ovaaively. ' Sumo yearn ago Mrs Blaok lost an infant daughter. The' poor croaturo baa not been altogether right here (touching hi» forehead) sinco that unfortunate event.' ' How lost ?' , ? ' ' 'Stolon out of its cradle : kidnapped,' briafly ropliod tho boat. . Whoever the thief, ho Iiib managed to koop hia-socret and hide his criino. , The child wnB^novor recovered. Goiho, iiion eher, mind your piny.' If I had fortililo nt - my. back. ill' the commencement, '-the jade soon turncd her fickle front. ? i'lost heavily— that is, my gambling trnnsantions. .nmounted to moro than I could pay. All had boen well for mo had I come to my souao3 nt this point, but my losses, instead of noting as a warn ing, only created Y in nio n determination to retrieve tlioni. r.'l returnod homo. VMy father reproachod me for my long abaence, and partod witli iho in an angry nio'od; Did he Btispoct? . Alaa ! tor vain frivolous youth. Cut tho string of tho kite, land lo ! whithor will it-go ? V I wanted money, and iny sister Hilda ; camo to tho rescuo. 1 told hor my honor! waa involved, nntl that a thouBtind pounds would froo me. .Sho gavo nio her oheciuo!. book. .: .. ? |: ' I havo two thousand odd in the Biinlc! of Now Zealand,- my grandmother's legacy,' alio .replied. '? Draw for iliat amount if it will liolp you, Toinplo.' ' ? - , I. kissed her, and went back to Hawks nest.' Jn a week I waa beggared of overy shil .l'fig my nobie sistor had given mo. There nro some temperaments which bocomo' 3'tvage and deBperato under dofeat. Some men there are, and I felt myself to bo ono' of them, who, i'f thoy had the strength ! to hack tho will, wnuld' wreck tho world in their mad desire to conquer. I re-! member in my schooldays oncountoriug a big bully in tho shape of a butcher, a' coarse, brutal fellow, who waa the terror of the- locality at fisticuffs. Ho waa a' man and I a boy, but I would havo beaton' him to death if hia friends hnd not taken lutn away. Tho bully nearly killed me, yot my will mastered him. ' You linvo the devil's luck, Ashford,' said Paul Barjew. ' Dame Fortune is docidediy against you, my doar follow,' ? drawled Van-' borough. 'Better not tempt the goddess1 any further.' I Tho vory front of theso thiugs would' li.ivo opened tho oyeB of anyone loss bo i itched and foolish than myself, but tho men-were observors, mark you, and thoy knew how to pull tho strings whioh move tho puppota human. Their words woro taunta to mo, and 1 replied haughtily that advice ivas thrown away upon mo. L should not oeaao until I had my re-| vengo.— To be Continued. MHO 343 | 