THE House on the Marsh CHAPTER XIX. MR. RAYNEII was right. I was very tired ; and nest morning I overslept myself, aud did not, come down-stairs until breakfast was more than half over. It had been un nauftlly punctual, and, to my surprise, the brouglunati came round to the door as I went into the diuing-room, and I found Mrs. ,Rayner in outdoor dress at the tablo. " Well, Miss Christie, we have all got tire I of you; so we are goiug to leave you alone at the Alders," said Mr. Raynor, who i he saw my astonished f.ice. And, when bo had amused himsolf a little longer about all sorts of absurd Btories about their departure, I found that he was going up to town for a few days, and that Mrs. Rayner was goiug with him as far as Beaconsburgh station. He was going on businoss, he said ; but he should .combine pleasure with it-go the reuud of the thea tres, and perhaps uot bo back until Saturday. This was Tuesday. " Would you like to go to Beaconsburgb ?with us ? Yon havo no lessons to do, as Haidee is still in bed.. And I dare say you have Bome little purchases to make; and yon can change the books at the circulaiing Kbrary, and Mrs. Rayner will have a com panion to drive back with." Mrs. Rayner did not receive the proposal with enthusiasm ; but he told me to run up-stairs, put on my things, and bo down before ho conld count thirty; aud I was in the dining-room again,panting,and strug gling with my gloves, in scarcely more than the prescribed time. There was plenty of room for me on the little seat in front of them in the brougham; but I had great diffi culty in persuading him from coming out side by the coaohman in order to give us more room. When we got to the ttation we found that we were there a great deal too soon. Mr. Rayner walked up and down, talking to the station-master and the people ha know, telling everyone whore he was going, and asked those among them who had been to London lately what were the best plays to go and see, and if they knew of a really good hotel, not too expensive, within easy distance of the theatres. He said to me onco, when I was standing by bim "If anything should happen while I am away-if Haidee should get worse,, or Mrs. Rayner frighten you, or anything-telegraph to me at once at the Charing Cross Hotel. I don't know whether I.shall stay tbei-e;: but if you send it there it will reaeh me. Yon will find some forms in my study, and you will just write it without saying a word to anybody,, and take it straight to Sam, and tell him to-go to Beaoonsburgh- with it at once. Mind-to< Sam;; don't trust any of the women-servants.", I wondered he did not entrust this duty to the all-important Sarah;. but I accepted, the chnrge without comment. " What sliall I bring you this time ?" said he, just before the train came- up. " Roses are out of season. Some more paste to match your peudant?"' '. Ob, no, no !" answered I. " You know I can't wear it, Mr. Rayner ; and it only makes me vain and makes me wish for more.'r i . " Ah, I thought so !.'" said lie, half'to him self, maliciously.. " Well, svishes always comes true if one wishes them hurd'. enough I shall bring you,Some garnets. That is a most inexpensive red stone, aud look's very preity." < . ? " Oh, I think I would rather not I I really don't want any jewelry,. Mr. Rayner,!' declared I. But the train had! come up. Ho said good-bye affectionately to bis wife aud kindly to me; and we saw him off, and then made our purchases and drove I ack to' Gsldham. It was rather an uncomfortable drive, for the only remark that Mis. Rayner made was, when I said it was cold;- . " Then you bad better order them to light the fire in your rooca early,. Miss Chriatie. Mr. Rayner will upBet the whole household if you take' cold', while ho is away. , Then alio shut her eyes and' went, or pre tended to go to sleep, and I looked at her and thought what an unpleasant person she waH, until the hollows in: her face and the snffering expression about her month tonohed me. Why did she shut herself up and persist in being miserable, instead of returning her husband's love and changing the melancholy Aiders iufco the' cheerful bright place it might be ? I spent a dull day ; when I went to see I-laidee, Mrs. Ilayner instantly left the room, and I could not help sewing that it whh to avoid me; so I WHS obliged to rosist the sick child's entreaties for ino to stay, and for me to t{o back and wander by my self about the house'and gnrden, too miser able in my thoughts about Liuronc& and his cruel desertion of tu« to be able !o read or work. At tea-time Mr?. Eaynor did n it appear. Suriih tmid that Haideo was worse, and that her mother w.iukl not leave her. The even ing was very cold, and, as Mis. Ruyiier had rather ostentatiously told Jane to light AIi«s Christie's lire ilm.cily after dinner, I went np to my.own room as soon as I had' fin ished tea, artfi s.tt oa the hoartbrug, and nnrsed my sorrow whore I eould at least be warm. It was about seven o'clock when Jano came np to say that Haidee was worse,, and was crying out for uie. " I think she i8 going to die', m'ss-I do indped," said kind little Jane, sobbing. " Th'ty won't, let mo in there ; but I've been listening, for Mr. Iiayner's away an-l Sarah's out, and I don't cure not that for Mrs. Ilay ner!"-and she snapped her fingers con temptuously. " I heard Miss Haidee a-c,til ing for voti, miss; and I don't believe she knows what, she's saying, poor little dear, and they ought, to send for a doctor; but I don't suppose they will. Sarah don't care, and Mrs. Rayr.or don't, care-that's about it miss." An June -stive me a nod and an expres sive look as I wilt out of the room with lii*r. I knew that the servants, one and nil look, d upon their mistress as a poor spirited thing, while I,hey had sonv admira tion and a mem deal of rr'.sp'ct for their Master. The fmv orders she gave they fnl lilled in a spiril-of comli sccnsLm or neglcc ted altogether, while a word from him noted like a spell upon uuy oue of them. Thus, be hiiving ordered thq,t Mrs. Rayner being an invalid, was not to be disturbed by sweepings aud dustings and noises in the passage leading to ber room, no member of the household ever dared to cuter the loft wing but Sarah, who had entire charge of the long corridor, bod-room, dressing-room, aud store-room which it contained,.although it was ehut out from the rest of the house merely by a heavy baize-covered swing-door with only a bolt, which wad seldom, I be liove, drawn in the day- time. So that Jane folt like-a heroine afier having ventured ou the other sido of that door ; and whea we came to it, she atood looking first at it and then at me, as if to touch it aguiu was more than she dared. " Oh, miss," said she, as I stepped for ward to go through, " supposo Mr. Rayner was in there ?" . " But Mr. Rayner is in London," returned. I, langhing. " Ah, yes, miss ! But ho do come back that sudden sometimes he might bo a ghost. Of eourso, it's all right for yon, miss ; but, if ho was to know I'd been in there, oh, miss,. I should die o' fright! When he's angry, he just speaks fit to cut yer head off." I laughed at Jane's vs, aud pushed open the door, not without difficulty, for it was very heavy, and Jnno'n courage, having evaporated, she dared not help me. My teeth chattered as I went through this pass age it was so cold ; and what was my sur prise to find, wheu I got to the end, that the window had been left open on this chilly and wet October evening ? I took the liberty of shutting it, and,, returning to the dress ing-room door, I tapped softly at it. I could bear Haidoe's voice, but. I could not hoar what she said, and Mrs. R.iyner sobbing and calling her by name. I went in softly, ami with a shriek the mother sta.fc}dupfrora hor knees ; she had been on thi floor beside the bed, Haidce knew mo, though her chocks wore flushod and her eyes bright with fa my and sho wandered in her talk. I sat on the bed and tried to make her lie down and keep the clothes over hor, for the room was as cold as the corridor. Mrs. R.iyner was clinging to the rail at the bot tom of the little bed and watching me with eyes as glittoring as the child's. I felt just a little tremor of fear.. Hnd I 'rusted my self alono with a sick child and a madwoman on the verge of an outbroak of fury ? Her bosom heaved and her hands clutched the rail tightly as she said " What right have you to come here ? Are you not snug and warm upstairs in your turret ? Why must you come and exult over me ? You w .e weloome to my husband. Then you took my child.. Can you not spare her to me now she isdying ?" I-bod- heard that ono must always talk to mad people as if one thought them sane so-I said1 " Not dyinjr, Mrs. Riyner ; don't say that. I came down just to see if I cm id be of any u*ie,. Why don't you take her into, your own room ? It is so cold in here. And wouldn't it bo bolter to.send in for Doctor Maitland ? Ob, I forgot ! He is away. But you might send Sam to Beaconsburgh for Doctor Lowe." Her manner changed. As she looked at me, all tho anger, all the little gust of de fiance faded out of her great eyes, and she fell to sobbing and whispering " I dare not-I diiro not! " TO BE CONTINUED* 