Queer Stones. A Profound Mystery. ;> Uy Gae.net ; Waloh. It does nob require an exceptional memory to recai the, excitement which prevaileld in certain circles constituting a considerable section of Marvelbourne; Society; when the daily newspapers announced the arrival^ of Herr Rumff, the" celebrated German savant,bringing with him letters of introduction to the local .Royal Society from some of the highest centres of modern thought in Europe. That a man so extremely eminent should have selected this southern Ultima Thuleas ~a; field for his experiments so soon afterr achieving such a proud position in the Old World as the letters aforesaid unanimously conceded him, was deemed a high compliment to Marvelbourne generally, and its own scientific men in particular. The Professor was certainty not personally known to anyone out here—mose*few who had recently visited' the Cbn-' tinenthaving failed to meet him—they were ashamed, to acknowledge the, fact that they had not then been aware even of his existence—but his credentials? ?1w«re undoubted, his attainments, as therein^set forth, the highest of the high, and his manners »inaply;icharming. So; ■ at-/least, Mrs.^Palleohild declared;*and everybody who knows;:Marvelbourhe JSociety^ tenqws also,Jjhat Jtfertyerdict' in these matter's "is •'■■■■■" (|K:^henhehad^quite,settlqd^dpyn hi^the.oommpi^ous suite of rooms which he hired in the centre of the city—they had formerly been occupied by a land booru millionaire, now a pauper—the Professor unfolded the exalted purpose he had in'view; - This was neither more nor less than the founding of an Australasian Institution for inquiring into (Evolutions from the Inner OonsoiouBness, the Pro duction of the Material from the Immaterial—the., celebrated case of a certain historic camel will here occur to the reader's mind—with side excursions |uat^ theF Realms of*j the^Supernatviral,^ personally ^oonditoted'by..th'e"Prbfessor:liiribseifj'5 Cre'turnitickets costing but the few shillings charged as entranoe fee to the Institution. All the irregular phenomena'so dear to the heart of that somewhat easily-led individual, the Modern Inquirer, and coming under the generic title of " Spooks," to quote Mr. Editor Stead and his latest fad, "Borderland," were in cluded in the Professor's little list. ' The number of persons who joined the Professor^ Institutiqn'was really astonishing, ahdproved—well, what dp^suohftbihjgs] prove, except the fact that, as of yore, there "are always plenty of people'bager to see, to hear, to dabble in, the "last new thing," especially if it have tacked to it connection, more or less remote, with the Soienoe of To-day, as the Professor put it, with a oharaoteristioally Teutonic uso of capital letters. The membei's of the Institution 'soonformed seotions of their own, and these sections known as oiroles, had each its own line of investi gation. There was the oirole dealing with Esoteric Buddhism, the oirole for the study of Divination, from Aeromauoy to Psephomanoy, An throposcopy to Bletonism, Aruspioy to Myomanoy the Telepathio Oirole, the Palmistry Circle, the Orystal- Gazing Oirole, and ever so many more, not forgetting the Mesmerio or Hypnotio Oirole, with its various sub-sections, amongst which Clairvoyance held a prominent gilace. Sooth to say, the Hypnotio Circle and with its easily conducted experiments, soon beoame the most popular of all—and indeed it was in this direotion that the Herr Professor applied himself the most vigorously, his students, or rather " go-vorlcers " as he oalled them in his guttural German-English, in cluding some of the " best people " living in the most aristocratic suburbs of Marvelbourne. For instauoe, there was Mr. John Brown, of Maybranoli, whose high literary attainments shod a lustre over that pictur esque loonlity j Mr. Nowmeadow, the capitalist, of Olaybank; Dr. Jookieson, of Brighthelmstone j the Her. Mr. Wrobuat, of Androuin j Professor Emmery, of North Jarrali 5 the Hon. Pottloton Totts, of Maln koft'j Mr. Roderick, Mayor of Opal Rise, and, indeed, one or more representative mon from eanh of the well-populated oities and boroughs surrounding * Spooially wrlbtou for Taiilm Talk.—All lights vosorvotl. Marvelbourue proper, or improper, as the case may be, and there were not wanting ladies also from the same suburbs. It gradually leaked out in train and tram-talks, and from thence found its way into print, that the Hypnotic and Clairvoyant Circle, con trolled by Professor Eumff, was most successful in its experiments, most fortunate in its search after the sublying truths that had avoided other students, other devotees to what was almost becoming a new* -religion-:—and those who failed to gain admission to this department of the Institution, its allotted tale of members being full, began to clamour for a public exhibition in order to show what the circle really could do in the way of manifestations, and settle once for all the absurd rumours that gained currency day by day. It was said, par cxomplo,' that Mr, Rev. Roderick, hitherto the staidest of the staid, fully believed, when so informed by Professor Ruin If, that he was a Shanghai rooster, crowing and clapping his arms like wings for an indefinite period, in fact, until the hypnotic spell was removed, Dr. Jockieson was re ported to imagine himself a china tea-pot, with an ever-haunting fear of being broken by contact with his fellow-men. Mr. John Brown, so Miss Jones averred, having heard it from Mrs. Robinson, who in iher turn-had,-gleaned it^rmn^;av;remar^^rs.-.Johnj< Brown let fall-—Mr.^^ B^yn^rad'c^tehei'^pu^d Jthe, largest roomatthe institution £n» alHf^urs, ^declar ing himself to be flrstpfavourite. -for the /<^up| and bearing on his back iffij^on^JPottletpn'TpjStp, who shouted to all and sunahy^tlfejE (henvt^®^rmined to ride;;to win. Again, wondejfui—cufesof nervous affections, of aches and pains innumerable, had been effected, so ran the rumours, by means of small pieces- of > ^magnetised: paper * given® to ^hypnotised": patients by Professor Rumff, and treasured by the recipients with the most jealous care. Finally, the lady students, subjeoted to the same mysterious power, had developed marvellous talents as clair: voyants,,lbeing-able; tor describe, the exact position^ of articles miles away in houses which they, the clair voyants, had never seen. In a word, the usual phenomena -attached'-to-the -mesmeric-state were - being daily evolved by this peculiarly-constituted high-olass circle of super-sublimated hypnotic heroes ; and] heroines, as Professor '• Rumff ; himself christened them,'thixs taking "off the' rough edge of their machine-like subservienoe by calling them '.'brevity nameifS f 5 ! ,Q "i Oid» "1 J '. f I The possible outcome directly resultant from the swelling wave of public curiosity oannotnow be esti mated, seeing that the ,wliole affair, as a nine days' wonder, was eclipsed by something far more start ling. What this was, let the following sensational heading from f the Marv.elbourne Peacock suffice to explain i— 1 ( A Bubbling Boom ! ' Immense and Systematic) Robberies. Thousands of Pounds' Worth of Jewellery Stolen in One Night. \- - :• —Nine - Suburbs-Raided. - ■ ^ The Police at Fault. No Clue Whatever to the Offenders. .To condense the information oontained in'several' columns of the Peacock. and the Period, and extonded to many oolumns more by their evening contempo raries, the Trumpeter and the Banner, it appeared that upwards of forty houses in the prinoipal suburbs had been broken into, and'jewellery amount ing in all to the value of seventeen thousand pounds had been abstracted. No other articles were missing. Not a single watch, nor anything, by the way, which bore an inscription—as lockets, and even bracelets sometimes do—while bundles of bank-notes, scrip, and deeds wore left absolutely undisturbed, together with bags of silver, though gold coins had disappeared. Trinkets, again, of doubtful value and only treasured as a rule for the sake of the associations they awakened, wore untouched. Tho whole attention of the thieves appeared to have been dovotod to gems of unusual size and value, whioh could be calcen from their settings and so rendered, in most oases, totally unrecognisable. There did not seem to have been any particular class selected as the victims. Well to-do people of good birth, nouvcauu richct, book makers ronownecl for their diamonds, contractors grown wealthy in tho not very remote past, whoso wives and daughters had developed a liking for oxponsive ornaments, all were alike fish to the net of the " enterprising burglar" of tho occasion. The burglar, indeed 1 say rather the little army of burglars, for the suburbs raided Lay many miles apart, and detective experts gave it as their opinion that the several robberies were effected all within the limit of a couple of hours. There must have been at least a score of the villains working simul taneously, and leaving behind them hardly any .trdces whatever.. A .few footsteps on flower-beds, occasional marks of prizing- clnsels where beys had not ; been available, one or twp bi-oken drills where safes had been attacked in some cases, by the way, unsuccessfully, one unmarked handkerchief,: et ivoila iout! / 1 Another remarkable ^feature,;in the case was the exact knowledge possessed by the burglars as to the positions occupied by the articles;they "annexed." They, the light-fingered gentry,-^seemed, to have gone direct to the drawers, cabinets, cupboards, and safes, while from the utter absence of the spots of candlegrease or drippings of oil generally observ able in similar cases, the astounding cruth forced itself upon the minds of the police that the whole of the operations had been conducted absolutely in the dark! No wonder, then, if, as the newspapers put it, a nervous feeling of insecurity should spread .over .the entire community,.for,;with such a .mysteri ous and well-organised gang to deal with, the best •men ;in>the detective sepyipe ..would be at faultr and not only fail to t^ the robbera no w, but to preyent their ;.fmtherj:depredations. { To' run dittle,-way. ahead'of the 'se'quen'ce'of'events^ho'" further5 depre dations" ever did occur. The Ghost- Burglars, as they came to be called, put in no second appearance. Day after day* passed by, certain of the robbed householders and their domestics made statement'^; to the police of having caught glimpses of silent gliding <figureS dh' the>dairk ofJ that evehtfuKnigKt; but as none of these figures had appeared in rooms I oocupied by living individuals, or had been I challenged, save in-one instance where an excitable old maid did confront an intruder and went off- into a comfortable faint when he turned his masked face towards her, with this single and valueless exception, there was really no evidence.- Despite, therefore^ -alike-the bait of large rewards, the spur of public con tumely and the lash of " leaders " in the Press, the police of Marvelbourne utterly failed to sheet home the, robberies to the aotual perpetrators. \ j /j Any number of arrests were made, and any num-' bar of men branded as belonging to the " criminal fclass"~a.phrase your average police official delights to roll in his mouth like a choice morsel—any number of these marked characters were haled before the various suburban benches, but as none of the missing articles were found on the men, as most of them established first-class alibis that would hare .pleadedbven Mr. "Weller, senior, and further; as'what little circumstantial evidence there was pointed in a'diametrically opposite direction^there were no committals, the discharged rasoals snapping their grimy fingers in the faces of their natural enemies, the " cops," and rejoining their waiting friends to indulge in the foaming pewter and the wildest ■peculations aB to "who the blooming ooves as done this big job so neat-like," could possibly be. Con jectiires of all kinds were hazarded, as a 'matter of - course, here, there and everywhere, and then the nine-days' wonder began to lose the sharpness of its outlines and to merge, in the manner of the "dis solving view," so dear to ohildhood, into the next picture on the list of events, which happened to be a triple murder, with the murderer at large for a week, during which pei'iod everybody fanoiod his or her throat in danger. But to return to the subject-proper of this voraoi ous narrative. The great Institution founded by Professor Rumff, and connected with the foregoing by the fact that many of the Circles took a hand in trying to unravel the popular mystery whilo it was ' yet fresh—and failed most signally. Nor Aeroinancy, nor Psophomanoy, nor Blotonism, nor Aruspioy, nor Palmistry, nor Crystal-gazing succeodod where the common or garden "hobby" had confessed himself beaten. As for the Hypnotic Circles, consisting now of an Inner Circle, comprising a few pretty lady clair voyants, and the male members thoroughly vorsed in hypnotism, i.e., under mnsmerio control — and an Outor Cirole, whoso meetings had latterly lapsed owing to the numorous calls upon Profossor Rumff's time—as for the Hypnotists (I.O.), they broached the subjeot occasionally, remembering, by the way, that on the night of the robbery they enjoyed an oxtra long «<5anoe. But hereabouts they wore always in torrupted by the Professor, who, saying " to peezness, chentlemen," proceeded to throw first one and then the other into the hypnotic trance. Emerging from the trance at the Professor's command a minute, five minutes, ten minutes, half-an-hour later, as the case might be, they remembered nothing of what had transpired ad interim, but trusted herein to the Pro fessor, who always produced notes of their actions and conversation,, from which notes they gathered much that was complimentary to their mental and physical powers ; though, to tell the absolute truth, gleaned long after from a Peeping Tom of the period, they usually lay about supine and motion less, while the Professor busied himself with private matters of .his own. Meanwhile, the Professor himself waxed fatter, and fuller, if possible, of suavity and supreme content, while his banking account, placed, thanks to one of his clairvoyant ladies, in an absolutely unbreakable bank, mounted by leaps and bounds until it bade fair to, touch that comfortable sum spoken of colloquially in mercantile, not hypnotic, circles as " five figures." It was about this time that the Professor wrote a letter to a bosom friend of his in Berlin, of which letter- we shall take the liberty of translating and transcribing a few sentences as a fitting pendent to our description of the good man's labours in what he himself always spoke of as " The Great Cause." Marvelbourne, July, 1S9—. My Dear Schnabel. X have to acknowledge receipt of your final remittance . in connection with our grand coup, and though X cannot help repeating my conviction that the three largest diamonds should have brought a better price, still, all things considered, we should both be fairly content with our treatment at the hands of Providence up to date. I am not quite certain yet whether I shall remain here and orga nize another little nocturnal afi'air under the very noses of these Marvelbourne idiots, or whether, avoiding even the shadow of risk, I shall realise and, taking my passage by one of the Norddeutscher boats, pop in upon you some day, and settle down as a steady-going rentier in the dear old city where I first drew breath. The latter plan is of course the wiser and better of the two, and the eight or nine thousand marks per, annum I can secure by investing my capital in Australian Government Bonds will more than suffice for my daily wants, with the occasional extra " little flutter" you and I oan enjoy together. Then, again, there might be trouble about those diplomas and letters of introduction ; nicht wahv ? So, on the whole, perhaps it will be better to dissolve the Circle (the Inner Circle, ha ! ha!!) which has been so-useful to me, kiss the prettiest of my clairvoyants, eaoh in her turn, and bid Marvelbourne Society a tender and grateful— especially a grateful—adieu. Yours, auf immerdar, Gustav Borr, Otherwise limit Pxtoi'Bsaoit Rumw'. P.S.—-Lady Spesville attended one of my big public seances last night, wearing such a loyely necklace—all brilliants ! IIow my mouth watered! But no! a resolution is a resolution. To-morrow, 1 select my cabin on boai'd the Gamhrinus, commanded by that Eehter Deutscher Capitain Sohmilcelwitz, and six weeks later, Ho! for Unter den Linden and the Reward of Taot, Talent, and six months Spartan sobriety. 