I A Romance of the Far West, I ~ — — — I CHAPTEE VII,— (Qou-nNUED,) I ^ Yes, I dpt,cr I am -.asking you to leare I 1 man who is not worthy to oall you wife. I Jbere can't be any. difficulty about the I divorce. To-iiight wasn't tfce first time I the baast tad struck yon, and if it were, I I can prove cruelty, and the other eridence ? won't be hiard to flnd.' ' . I « You forget,' she said, ' that' you are ? sot free yourself. There is Lady Celia.' ? « Oelia won't break her heart. She i» no I piore in love with me than I ana with her. I jjorraine, you and. I were made for each I other. It can't be right for you to go on I living with a man you hate— ior me to I marry a girl I don't care a.pfcraw about, ? when we live for each other so much. It I jb only a que^gdpn of law. Once get your I divorce and ypu are as free as if Lorce were I dead. And then — then — : — Jf I He tried to take her hands, bat the girl I pushed him away. In her ears were ? ringing Lady Ceiia's words, ' Your only I ffaj to freedom lieB through the horrors ? cf the Divorce Court, and that would I join JoBceljn's career.' It was true. I Freedom. and happiness for her I meant ruin to the man she loved, I One of the two must be sacrificed to the I other. To marry her, Josoelyn must give I np Mends, fortune, ambition, and career. ? His wifa could never be received by his ? family, could never .take her place in ? society. . She would be shunned as anout: I cast, a pariah, and ha would be dragged. I down to her level. I « Can't you trust me?' Vallance was I pleading. ' Can't you understand that I I love you, worship you? I have loved you I all the tame ; I know that now, though I I only found it out to-night. I don't care ? tbout anything but you. If you like I'll I give up everything here, cut England' altar I gether, and we will live abroad. I don't I s&ra; where I go so long as you are with me. I Only tell me that it is really true that you I love me/' I But Lorraine's strength had comeback B (oier. Conscious of her own weakness ? ihe took refuge in an indignation -which I ine was far from feeling, and because she I longed to yield to his entreaties, siw ? tuned on Vallance and rant him. I With a desperate effort she steadied her I voice and answered cruelly. ? 'I did trust you, and you have-made me I i very poor return for my confidence. You I don't seem to consider the insult you are I offering me. I treated you as a cousin, a I brother, and you assume that— that I have I entirely lost my selfrespect. I don't pretend I (or an instant - that I love mi I husband. He has not behaved towards me I in a manner that ensures respect even, bui ? I have ne- ver forgotten that he is my hus ? band, that I am not free to — to listen to ? what you have beeu saying. You have no ? right to speak to me like this/' ? ' I have the righ'j which every man has, I the right to protect the woman he lovee I torn ill usage. No girl living nepd want ? a more honorable love, a greater reverence I th&a; I have. ^dr1 you. And I. dqn'.t jfiarV' I vkt you say,' concluded the boy pasafon~ I -%, 'I won't leave you here to be ? iuocked about by that blackguard. I will ? potect you, even against yourself.' I .'And -ruin my : reputation,' she an» I flrored, bitterly — '-the only thing I have I left. However pure your love may be, the I world won't believe it. It doesn't believe I it now. All my life I should be branded I as an unfaithful wife, a woman who hac I tan away from her husband. Good women, I women like your stepmother and Lady Celia, I wouldn't speak to me. I could never show I my face in London. ' Wherever I went the I Btory would follow me. Oh! I know what I it would mean,- one woman ..against the I world, andr — — ' I ' Tne world well lost,' he answered I softly. ' If all you say Were true, we I should still have each other. . You wouio I be enough for me. Couldn't I make up to I j-oufor the rest?' ' I The tears were in Lorraine's throat, I almost strangling her speech, but she I forced them back. She was fighting a I hard fight, hardest of all fights for a I woman, against the passionate pleading of I the man she lovee. ' And she longed so to I give in. Her whole nature cried out foi I the strong protection, the peace and happi I ness he offered her. But love for the loved I one was Btronger than the instincts of hei I own nature. It was for him she fought, not I for hers«lf, and love triumphed. I ' No,' she answered, desperately, 'you I couldn't, nothing could make up to me for I that. You would not be enough for me. I I could' t bear the shame, the disgrace. 1 I would sooner be killed by Sophocles than I by the scorn of the whole world.' I ' Killed by Sophocles,' he repeated, I mechanically. 'What on earth can you I mean?' I 'I am going to ride him. You know, I Lord Pakenham's horse — the : one that has I killed two grooms. - He won't face water. I and Gordon has laid six to three, in hun I dreds, that I get him. ov#r the brook .at l^jTCelL'. ? .- . ... u . J I Vallance has turned as white as a sheet. I 'You shall not do it,' he cried, seizing I her wrist with a grjp that made her flinch. I ' I won't allow it. Pakenham is a d ? I coward to take such odds. He daren't ride I th« brute- himself to save his life, and I'll I tell him bo. It is murder. Lorraine, for I Qy sake— for God's, sake — swear to me that I fou won't throw your life away like. I ttat' ' . . ' I ' I can't,' she answered, stonily, 'it is a I match. I must ride.' I Then all. at once shebroke down. 'Oh, go away,' she . cried, -?for pi-y'« Bake, go away. Can't you see that you are I killing me. If you have one spfcrk of the love you talk bo much, about, go away and leave me in. peace.' , ? .'''.' ' I won't go till you promise to give up this mad thing.' . ? ;.:. :. ? - She turnedPheT head from side to side like a hunteff'ianBnal. '''«''?? = ? r ?--? *??'?- .Dq i go. Josowyn, ^ye some -jnerity on me and go.' ,. 'V ' 'Promise me that you won't ride that brute, at least not till you have heard from me again.' ' I will promise yeu anything if you'll only go. I can't bear it any longer. You must go away.' Very slowly and reluctantly Lord Val lance yielded to her entreaties. The room was swimming before Lorraine's eyes, as she gave him her hand. : She hardly felt the warmth of his Manas as he pressed it ^ to hit lips. A great darkness, desoended * ( lisi.T iv ,=._. .-?--. '?..'' .Tie''- : and enveloped her, and almost before the door had closed behind him, she had slid bo the ground and- lay acros&-the hearth rug in a dead faint. CHAPTER VIIL\ ,: .? V -V \- : And-Last. The dawn broke grey and sullen, with a Teil of dirk brown fog shrouding the un gainly lines of roofs and chimney-pots. Lorraine Btopd at her window -watching the pale streaks of light widen and close again as the heavy vapor lifted and fell. She had not been to bed all night. Her brain was too restless for sleep. Over and over again through the long hours of darkness she had asked herself the same question — What was she going to do next ? but only with the awakening day did the answer begin to shape itself cjearly in her weary -, mind. '? ? - Why fight any longer against destiny P Was life so sweet to. her that she need shrink from leaving it? . Why had ehe' struggled against her fate in refusing to ride Sophocles P He would probably kill her. She knew it had taken all her nerve and strength to master the horse before, and she had neither strength nor nerve left now. But what matter if she were killed ? There would be one woman leas in the world. That would be all. Who would miss her when she wj*b gone? Certainly not her husband. He had already told her in so many words tsiat she was only a. weight round his neck, that he would get on better without her. And Vallance f He would he sorry just at first, but afterwards, when he came to see things clearly, he would acknowledge that it had been for the best. There would be no one to care. A pitiful wail rose on the other side of the walL It was the landlady's little daughter, a sickly child of two, who slept with the servant in a tiny cupboard of a room adjoining. The maid had gone down to her work, and the little one, waking alone, was crying in baby terror of the darkness and solitude. Lorraine fetched it into her room, wrapped it in a warm shawl, and coaxed and soothed it into Quietness. Soon after her arrival at Brunswick Square, she had made friends with the child, who had learned to watch for her passing up and downstairs, and fretted if she omitted going to kiss it ' good night/' As she sat on the edge of the bed, rock ing the little one to and fro, smoothing the tangle curls with deft, tender fingers, and crooning softly the monotonous refrain of a qv-aint Indian lullaby, she thought how different her life might have been if God had given her a baby of her own, one single human being on whom she might honestly have lavished the love which is the right ful heritage of woman. By-and-bye, with full daylight, the ser-. vant came and took the child away, and Lorraine dressed herself and went -wearily downstairs. Her husband was already in the sitting-7 room grumbling at the lateness of break fast. He looked seedy and red about the; ' eyes, and exhibited, all the irritability-of-aV man who is feeling the effects of a later night. . . '. ~'.l : ' ''.;/'''/'' ':J.' .J H| When he had finished his meal, he pushed back his chair and glanced across the table, at his wife. .:.--:&? ' What about that three hundred ?'' iej inquired, bluntly j ' you've had' B%fc enough to make up your mind, I guess,!'. ? .,? 'I will ride,' Lorraine answered, quietly,; ' I expected you'd, think better of it,* he: said, with a disagreeable laugh. 'I'll arrange for to-morrow, then. Pakenham gave me the choice between that ' and -next Thursday. The sooner the better, I- eay. The weather is open now, and in this beastly climate there's, no telling what it may be doing next week, freezing again^as. likely as not.'? .-.u- .??..:???.'=?.-? ' To-morrow will suit me, and please make it as early as possible. Wire me the hour fixed if you are not coming back ttt dinner.' : ; He went out, and Lorraine, left to her^ self, began to make certain preparations/ She got oat. .her habit and brushed it/ cleaned her boots and. spurs., and looted out a new collar and .tie. In some odd way Ehe felt as if she were arranging herself for her burial. Then she unlocked -her desk and took out a small bundle of letters, an old pocket-book, a certificate of mar riage between John Victor Lorraine Val ance Vallance and Esperanza Gulietta Martinetti, and a small cardbqard box, in. which she kept her father's signet ring and a diamond scarfpin. This last Lorraine packed up, with a few lines to Job Slipper, begging that he would keep it as a remembrance of hersalf and -her father. The ring she enclosed in an envelope addressed to Lord Vallance. Round the little case she wrapped a sheet of paper, on which she had written, f I am going to ride Sophocles. Good-bye.' The American packet she took herself to the post office., where she saw it regis tered and mailed. She did not post the other till late in the evening ; by that time she had burned the other contents of the desk. Lpice was still out, but he had. sent a telegram, ' Match arranged for 11 to morrow.' At half^past 10 Lorraine slipped on her hat and jacket, carried Vallance'e letter to the pillar ho^ and dropped it in. The pathetically short farewell reached Lord Vallance's hands at 10 o'clock the following morning. With a sudden thrill of expectaipa he recognised Lorraine'shand. writing, and eagerly . tore open the envelope. The next moment he was peal ing furiously at his bell. ?' Send someone for a cab,' said Vallance, breathlessly, to his astonished servant, (- and bring me a brandy and soda and a « Bradshaw.' I. can give you -just 10 minutes to dress me,' -- In 20 minutea hp was at Lord Paken* ham's door. ?** Yes, his lordship had gone down to the , Court j left by the $.45 from Waterloo. Was expected ;. home to '?^SinrjSer,'- : ? - '?..- ? *?? : 'iv:« ',-.?-.?? .????:- ?.?-?»,? ,s *'- Before the isutler^lia^ -ftKBhed^is' &m.r; ' fence r Vafianeti i was^ae^ 'mf^SS^sS^i. . 'f 'Waterloo,' he shouted through jthe trap, 'and drive like blazes.' He was utterly indifferent to the con* fitrnction Which plight be put on his ap pearance uninvited at Bywell Court. He did not clearly know what he jtropoaeil to do when he got there. .. He was only conscious of an intense debireto nee Lorraine again at all costs, to get down to etop her from reckleBsly risk ing her neck to gratify her eslfish hus i bfisid'i O»pldlty# . ' ?.. ' ', ._ ;__ _ ? . But fate waB stronger than Lord Val lance. ; In vain the cabby, recognising withprpj- f essional sharpness that tinie meant money, imperLUad^UB licence, by driving after the manner of a veritable eon of Nimshij the combined efforts of -porters, guard,' .anA inspector enabled the young man to fling himself into \the last coach on the already moving train. When Lord Vallanee, flushed and breathless,at last found himself within sight of the brpok so familiar to . everyone who knows the Pakenham country, it was only to learn that he had come too - . late. -The thin wintry sunshine glittered and danced on the rippling water. Over . head^ a flock of crows, scared from their happy hunting ground on the damp grass, wheeled in great circles, with noisy caws of remonstrance. On the nearer bank betw# en ^he willows, a knot; of men scattered suddenly, as with a lurch and scramble a frightened horse rose from their midst, and was led aside shaking and sweating, while the group closed up again, bending over something lying on the ground. There was no need for Vallance to ask what had happened, With a sickening j certainty of what he wa§ $ping tp see, he i shouldered his way through the little I crowd to where Pakenham, on ?'« knees in the wet jgrass, was supporting the slender, limp figure in its cloBe-fitting habit. Lor raine's hat had been knocked off, and the thick coils of her hair loosened by the fear ful force of her fall ; but there was no.sign of suffering on her pale facer— over the lips, slightly parted, hovered the faintest ghost of a Bmiie, i - She had crossed By well Brpok and %W^ dark. river together, and fpr her all esrthly-; pain was over. ' ' Is ehe— ie she ? P' Vallance hardly recognised his own voice as he tried to frame tne, question, Pakenham looked up in momentary sur prise $ but the young man's face explained better than any words could have done his unexpected appearance on thp csene. Vallance was grey to the very lips, and there were livid shado wa under his dark eyes. He put out a shaking hand, and touched Lord Pakenham's 'shoulder. : » For God's sake, old fellow, tell me, she ipn't^.-... ' *' Bead, I'm afraid,'- said -the elder man, gently. * ♦ * * Another day drew to its close, and a pure, cold moon shone down on the weary, Bin-stained world. Shone on the white sheeted figure, lying bo still in the parlor of the Pakenham Arms, - where Lorraine's body had been left to await the inquest. Shone on the house in Grpevenor Place, where Vallance sat in his own room moodily smoking and thinking. She was (lead now, the girl about whom had cen fc||g.^1i; the romance that he would ever know.jdtjad and gone beyond his reach for over,.:- ,-? ? ... He was young, he should get over it in fame, men always got over things of that sort. \r . ThereV would be nothing now to disturb the even tenor oi his way, to prevent him from ^marrying Lady Celia, taking an in tereSf in horseflesh and pheasants, and, in ? due time, a seat in the Upper House ; ; frooi living, in fact, the ordinary every ' day routine life of other men of the. same »ocials|anding. And that wild rapturous vision qf renunciation of the ' world w§U lqs.t,'.. for lpye wae aver.; No qn© wpuld sneak «f him as Pakenham had spoken pf : Gatbolme, for instance, the other night a$ the ^lub. .' p 'Yiee, poor devil, lives epmewhere neflir ?Geneva, J believe. Of .course, no one knows them. Poor old Car, what a good chap he was before he jacked up his chances by running of£ with the Tremenheere woman. ~ It was an old story, and Lord Tremen heere had found another wife, whose nerves were stronger and her. indifference to his recurrent attacks of delirium tr emeus inor'e -complete than that of her predeces sorj~wi.p 12 years before had scandalised society by eloping with ypixng Sir George jQarholme and marrying him. Carholme's life iad been spoiled by his marriage, and the '-men at the club had talked over the old. story, and called him a Quixotic ass and a wooden-headed fool, according to their cast of mind. Vallance had listened silently, thinking bow near h§ wiis to following in Car holme's footsteps, The temptation was gone now. He had no excuse left for -making a fool of himself. . , Perhaps, after all, there was some truth in the adage that all things work together for good. . In the shabby room at Brunswick Square the widower slumbered peacefully with Lord Pakenham's cheque for £300 in the Docket-book under his pillow, while over head a little child wailed piteouply, refusing to be comforted for the ' pitty lady '? who would never again come back to kiss the tired baby her sweet, gbod -nigbt. ... . .?'. ? ? ? . . [tee end,] In Cape Colony the negroes are coming into citieenship so faet that the people have raised the properly qualification for votes from .£25 to £75, and the voter must be able to write his name and address clearly. According to the census pf the Congo Free State, whiph has jusfc been completed, there are 950 white men permanently residing there. It is said to be poBsibls to journey from Buds Pesth to Cronstadt, a distance of 500 miles, for 6s Sd; being at the rate «f spc miles for Id. The' Pope has declined to received Senor Valeriftt the Spanish envoy recently appointed, on the grounds that lie has written immoral novels. .'?'.?.?'.''? . ; ? Colonel Pat Boyle, a relative of Lord Glasgow, $as been pored of ? rheumatic gout by bathing in the N.Z. Hot Springe. - 