IV. It was Christmas Day on the island. There were oo formal services in tbe littlfe half-ruined oburoh now that tAi* clergymalT vu dead ; but Margaret and her little flock still met there and knelt together from time to time, while Paul, muoh abashed by his new position, read praj era and lessons with rather nervous rapidity. Wben he reflected npon hie, situation be acknowledged to himself that it could not well he odder. The islanders had aocepted him as their natural chief and bead ; they consulted him on all matters, agrionl tural, military, and religious. He who had bern too languid to decide any question for himself had now to deoide hiU a dozen in the day for the little -community growing up around him. Margaret sometimes looked at him with a half-startled interest. His way of looking at things WBB larger and keener, she vaguely felt, than her hnsband'e way; and she had an oooasional glimpse of worlds of thought and feeling which she hnd never realized. Perhaps she sometimes felt as if. in her reooil from mere frivolity, she bad ran away from A great deal that was well worth knowing and seeing in the world which she had left. But it was Christmas Day, andshe pat suoh thought* away from her. She went with ber little daughter to lay a cross of flowers on Andrew Ferrier's grave; and it was while she sat beside it, looking tenderly though tearlessly at the flower covered mound, that Pan! Ashford leaped the wall of the churchyard and came to wards her with words which startled ber ex ceedingly. "There is a ship in eight," he said. "We have «ignaUed it, end it is ooming. An English chip-perhaps the Aurora herself." "On Christmas Day!" said Margaret dreamily. She rose, but looked still at the grave nt her feet, "We have been expecting it so long," said Paul, trying to subdue the excitement which he Mt, "that it seems strange at last." " V>ry strange. Yon say it is ooming actually coming 1" " It will not be hero for a couple of hours, I thitik,"«aid Paul. "Bat we shall do well to be ready " She shot a quiok glance at him. " Beady," she said, "for what?" It seemed to her as if he were about to make a vehement answer, bnt suddenly restrained himself. "Maidie,"besaid, "run up to the house and gather some flowers, will yon notl 1 want to speak to youi mother. I most speak to you," he added in a. lower tone, " for give me for sending her away. Will you walk a little way with me? There is something that must be said before tbatfehip arrives." She glanced at her husband's grave as if she thought that it formed a protection for ber weakness, and that Panl wished to drag her away from it. Perhaps he did. Perhaps he felt that what he was about to say oould not well be uttered at Andrew Ferrier'a grave. Ther walked across a etretoh of stoooth sward, dotted by flowering trees that bordered the churchyard; and when they oame in sight of the wide blue eea, fleoked only by the hull and'fanuel of the rapidly searing ship a blot of darkness on the brilliantly glancing waves-Paul Ashford ipoke. _ ** Forgive my haste," be said gently, " but have you thought of what the arrival of this English steamer may mean to yon?" " Yes," she said quietly. " It means tbat von will go away, and that I and Maidie will be left here alone." *' Heaven forbid!" he broke forth in in dignant expostulation. "How can yon imagine such a thing 1 Leave you here aloneJ" "Yes, of course. You will go to Sydney, or to England, or wherever the ^tSBel may be bound for, and ns soon as possible you will get another missionary to oome out to these poor penple. Mv husband l<*ft them in trust to me, and I shall not leave them until I see them banded over to Some one ehe's care. Then I eball be free to take Maidie home, even"-with a little hesitation | "even if I oome back aftei-wnrda. " You would like to come baokt" he said. " A.ti, yet, I should indeed. My poor people here-there iB DO oils like them. I shall never love any plaoe as I love the island.'' "I loveit too,"said Paul, not very steadily; "and I should like to make it possible for you * to look upon id as your home. I oould do it if you would let me. Margaret, will you let me speak?" . "I do not know what you mean, Paul,1" ehe answered, "but I am sure that you will not say what ill would be painful for me to hear." " It need not be painful," he eaid earnestly. "For whether you say yea or no to my plan, I ehall be sura chat you are wise and right. Only do not be offended by what I am going to say. 1 have no motive but my respect and regard for yuu sand for your happiness, which is dearer to me tthan my own. May I go on ?" She hesitated, with a deepening colour in her cheek. Then she said "Tes, goon I" t"1 am ariCa man, Margaret, as you know. I have no near relations living-no one who has the ghost of a otaim on me. I have scarcely known what a home and happiness meant until within the last few months. 1 believe that it would be perfectly easy for me to beoome the master, the virtual owner of this ® little island, if I ohose; at any rate of the greater portion of it. I should like to settle here; build a house, re-build the ohurcb, defend and assist these island people-make a settlement, in foot, whioh might beoome a pattern and exa.mple to other English colonists in this part of tihe world. What would you tbink of this. ft£argaret?" " It seems a beautiful idea," she said. " Dota it'seem PO to you 1 But I oould not do it without your helii, Margaret. The thing would be feasible only if you would stay." She looked afc. him with troubled eyes. He caught her by the hand. "If you will stay," he said, "and be my wife-think-think-» hat we oould do!" "Oh, Paul 1" she exclaimed, drawing away tier hand, "how can you ask me such a thingT How can you forget ?" " I do not forget," he said vehemently. " I remember every thing. I remember that yonr husband oommitited you to my care, This is the only way in whioh I oan take oare of you." " I must think," she said, beginning to tremble a little, as be had never seen her do before. Hie heart leaped up at the augury. He and he only had the power to move her in this way. Be did not believe that she had ever trembled at Andrew Ferrier's words of love. "Icannot answer you at onoe," she went on, " It is too soon-too soon. I do not think I can ever1--but why did you speak to me to-day?" "Beoause that English Bhip is coming nearer every minute, and we must decide before it oomes." " Why ?" she said, with wide-open eyes.' "Because, dear, we must do one of two thinrs. If you refuse me, one of us must go away by that vessel. We oOuld not remain on the island together when we have had the ohanoe of goinff away. Or else-if we stay we ooald be married at onoe by the chaplain, if there is one, or by the captain of the ship. In our circumstances that would be quite allowable." " Ob, that would be impossible-quite im possible," she Ba,id, starting. "It would be the best way of all, Margaret. And you know, dear, I have loved you for so long." " Long?" she said, in a bewildered tone. "Long before you met Andrew Ferrier, Margaret. I have alwayB loved you, and the loss of you was like a blight upon my life. I have oared for nothing sinoe. Oan you not make me a little happy now ?" "Wait," she said breathlessly wait! let me think I Give me an hour-half an hour I must be alone a little while to think and pray." " Pray for me, Margaret, as well as for your self,"he murmured, as he bent to kiss her \- hand. Then he stood ereot and looked at her. "I will leave yon here for threequarters of an hour," he said. " We oan hardly Bpare more \- time. Oan you. give me an answer then?" She bowed hear head. He kept out of her sight for the forty-five minutes whioh hehad allowed her. It seemed an eternity to him. He walked restlessly about the beach, avoiding the questions of the eager islanders, who were all gathered on the shore to watob tihe English ship. His heart beat wildly when he returned to the place where he had left her. But at the first sight of her fac®, it fell. She was very pale, very tranquil, and, as he felt, very resolved. He stopped at two paces from her, and looked at her beaeeohingly. 'He did not dare to apeak. . "I have thought," the said, "and I think I bare seen the truA, It must not be." " Why not? Ah, Margaret, do not be oruel 1" be oried. " I am not oruel," she said steadily, "bat it seems to me that your plan ia not the right one-for you." When I came here I thought it my vooation-my mission-to teach ana train tbe*e poor islandersj and so, per haps, it was-but it is not yours." " What ib mine ?" "Yours is very plain," said Margaret, torn in? her shining eyes npon him. " You may have no relation* in England, but you hare plenty of ties. You are a landowner; yon have . tenants and workpeople and servants under you. Go home and look after them ; they need you morn than these island people in the South Seas. You are not called upon to come here." Paul laughed rather soornfully. " My tastes do not enter into the matter, I see." For onoe he saw her eyes blaze. She turned upon him scornfully.' "Your tastes!'* she said. "Why should they matter, when people are dying every day, as you yourself have told me,' of poverty and ignoranoe and disease in yonr great English cities, and in yonr villages alike? Tastes 1 What reason have you-or I-to think of our tastes 1 Do you think it was to please my tastes that I gave up tnylife at home, and the delights of art and musio and literature, of friends and the pleasures of sooiety and all that makes life worth living in the oivilised world, in order to come out here and teaoh these poor people of mine bow to serve Ood and them selves? It was as little to my tastes-although I oonnted it a right and beautiful thing todo to come here, as it is to yours to so and do your duty in your own home in llngland. Our missions suoh as they are-are not alike." She turned away from him with a haughty, imperial gesture, which vividly recalled to him the days and nights of her social triumphs in London drawing- rooms, when she had been not only gracious but some'imea majestic in her great and wonderful beauty. The softness and sweetness of later years seemed suddenly to have deserted her. Paul looked and listened thunderstruck, perhaps even a little moved to ? awe; bnt he had not a word to say. His very silence impelled her to turn baok, and offer him her hand. "Forttive me,"she said, with eyes shining through their tears. " I did not mean to speak so barshlv, so proudly. Yon know that I do not consider my work worth doing, in spite of what I may have said about my frivolous, pitiful taste. But onr paths are not alike. It ts not your work to stay here ; it is your work to go baok to England and took after your people, a' I look after mine. Your mission is in England; mine-mine is here." Paul had turned very white. It seemed to bim that it was almost worse to be rejected because she wanted to do some quixotio pieoe of work, than simply because she did not love him. Ue spoke with a sharp ring of suffering in hi" voice. " Tf you oared for me, you would not send me away like this." be said. He never forgot the face she turned towards him-a faon transfigured by a love and a pity that was half divine. "Oh yea, I would-I would," she ciied. " Because-I care." A.nd then she dropped her face between her hands ; but be was too angry to dream of what she really meant. " I*riU go."he said, trying to speak calmly. "I will go back to England at your bidding, t will do what you tell me-but I shall never forget. A.nd if you ever want me, I will oome. But I will not come to you again, unless you want me, unless you send forme." "And that I will never do," Margaret answered. He turned and left her without another word. The boat from the English ship was already on the ueaoh ; and the voioeof Captain Roberts of the Aurora shouted a greeting to him as he strode along towards the bungalow. Paul joined bim, and briefly recounted theetory of the past few months; then went to his room to paok bis portmanteau. And in the meantime Margaret stood motionless, with her eyes filling with tears, whioh presently made their nay unheeded down her fair pale oheekB. " He shonld not have asked me," sbemurmured to herself. " He ought to have known. And now I shall be left quite alone-alone with Maidie. But I have my work-at any rate, I have my work." 