Clje Hapunlia^eraHi TUESDAY, MAT 9, 1893. THE PREMIER'S "BEST AND QUIET" POLICY AT WOXK. Acting on the principle of " If you have a mule ride him to death," Sir John Downer sticks to his policy of " rest and quiet" like a leech. Three weeks from the elections and about four weeks from the opening of Par liament, he has applied his policy of <( rest and quiet" to the task of recon struction of his Ministry. He with held the declaration of his policy until it was, figuratively, drawn from his mouth, and delayed notification of his intentions as to the mode of conduct ing the elections to the last moment, and now he faces with characteristic indifference the solicitations of the public concerning the filling of vacan cies in his Ministry. . Sir John has certainly condescended to intimate that he awaits the result of the Northern Territory election, but in view of his reticence'previously on important matters, it is difficult not to regard that as a subterfuge and that the real cause is his quandary. He cannot have been, deaf to. the general opinion that be is'uuable to obtain from ambngst'bis supporters two men capable of filling the office's vacated by the defeat of Messrs. Rouusevell and Grayson. He scents, unless he j deludes himself, an adverse motion if i he attempts it; and his pride is hardly j of the class to permit him to submit ! to a " second fiddle". place, which a | coalition would require. Whether or , not the result of the .'Northern Terri tory election prevents the Premier ! from definitely naming his chosen two, ; there is nothing in it. "that would not allow a disclosure of his intentions. But silence in the case of the Premier [ is not necessarily -a foreboder of despair. He is not to be expected to give up the ghost .without meeting Parliament; and ^probably after weathering the taunt of opposition members and a curious public for several weeks, he will, at the last hour, ! absorb a couple of make-weights and 1 attempt to cross the [Rubicon at a j bound. If to be possessed of a little i brief authority is not of more import ance than patriotism to tbe Premier, the decision for coalition should not take him long to arrive at. Without that step his defeat is certain shortly after Parliament assembles, and then will be initiated the clamboring for office which was so conspicuous a part of the work of the last Parlia ment. The needs of the country are urgent, and who can be in a better position than Sir John Downer to know it; and, whilst it may be a little wounding to the pride of the doughty knight, if he were to show a genuine concern for the unfortunate state into which we, as a colony, have drifted, by voluntarily admitting that his posi tion is beyond remedy, and at all sacrifice accomplish a coalition, or, failing that, manly resign, he will have done something to deserve the title of statesman, which, presumably, he aspires to through, hitherto, mistaken ways. The Premier has not reached the sublime sovereignty, when, Robin son Crusoe-like, he can say that he is monarch of all he surveys without any to dispute, and to be constantly assert ing one's independence in questions of State concern with the speechlessness of a " tongaelesa block," to use an expression of Shakespeare, will make the surer his downfall if he faces the Assembly as the head of the Govern ment. The present-is not. a time for play ing " ducks and drakes" with politi- ^ sal power. Something different to / " rest a«d quiet" is wanted. The colony has gone too faBt to the bad, and its career in that direction should be arrested; but there are steps to retrace, which cannot be done by sit ting down and soliloquising on the errors of the past. Accompanying an ' exceptionally depleted treasury, the colony has to face one of the worst crises it has ever had. The already large number of unemployed has been augmented by a more or less temporary suspension of work in large manu factories through, directly or indirectly, bank troubles, and the Government will be asked to give some assistance to the unfortunate mechanics and others. It is a time to be up and doing. Dilly- dallying will, gain nothing, and lose much by intensifying the troubles which will, from present outlooks, prevail during the winter, notwith standing the bright prospects of a few months later on. But Sir John sits smoking the calumet as if all were well. Even his programme of work for the fast-approaching session, so far as known, has not entered the embryonic state. As the Territory election only took place on Saturday last and some days-probably going to near the end of the week-must elapse before the complete state ' of the poll will be known, and then four or five days at the lea&v; will pass before the Premier will have announced his decision in connection with the Ministry, and with a few days' necessary respite following, quite a fortnight must elapse before the Government will have settled down to the task of sketching the session's work if they should retain office. It is to be sincerely hoped that Sir John's " rest and quiet" policy will herald the bright future which he claims for it; at present, it must be confessed, it has a tendency to culmi nate in ** rest and rust." ETJITONDA LOCAL COTJET.-M.C. Queale baa been appointed clerk of the Eudunda Local Court vice Gibbons, resigned. I THE DEPRESSION.-In consequence of the 1 depression in the town a number of men were discharged from their avocations on Saturday or forced to take a month's holiday. KA?UNDA HOSPITAL.-The secretary re ports as follows for the week ending May 7th, 1893 : - Admitted, 2 ; dis charged, 2; died, O; remaining in hospital, 16. THE TOWN OF COTTON.--The Govern ment have immortalised the name of the J-ite Mr. G W. Cotton, the friend of the blockers, by proclaiming a new town in the Hundred of Noarlunga and naming it *' Cotton." S.A.J.C. AUTUMN MEETING.-Mr. D. James's Broken Hill secured second place in the S.A.J.C. Handicap on Saturday, and Compact was third in the Juvenile Handi cap. Prosparity was eighth in the Totali zator Handicap. The Steeplechase was won by VIr. A. E. Seed's Teddington. " MRS. GAEET.-On Monday Mrs. Garey, MJ ;ner of Mrs. Robert Potheringham, entered upon the 95th year of her age. We are sure those of our readers who are acquainted with this lady will congratulate her on having passed the number of years allotted to mankind, and extend their sympathy to her that she has not been able to fully enjoy the celebration through personal affliction. PRINCE GEORGE AND PRINCESS MAY. The engagement of the Duke of York, Prince George of Wales, and Princess May, only daughter of the Duchess of Teck, and the affianced of the late Duke of ! Clarence, is officially announced. The j Queen has gladly consented to the engage- j ment. The London Corporation has voted £2,500 towards a wedding present. SCHOOL BOARDS OF ADVICE.-Mr. A. Palmer, J.P., has been appointed, by the Governor in Council, a member of tbe Kapunda School Board of Advice in place of Mr. 3&. Cameron, deceased. The follow ing other appointments have been made: George Sage, Greenock; W. J. Andrew and John Kelly, J.P., Riverton; B. Watts vice J. C. A..Geister, Waterloo. RECEIVED. - " Our Herald," monthly journal of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association, for May.-" Journal of the Royal Colonial. Institute" for April. It contains the report ot the twenty-fifth anniversary banquet, election of Fellows, a paper on " The Mineral Wealth of British Columbia." by Mr. George M. Dawson, and various notices.-The Australian "Bee Bulletin" for April.-" New Zealand Crown Lands Guide." THE NORTHERN TERRITORY ELECTION. The election of two members to repre- sent the Northern Territory in the new Assembly took place on Saturday. There were four candidates - Messrs. V. L. Solomon, W. Griffith, E. C. Lamb, and R. M. Stow. There are nineteen polling places in the district, and as they are widely separated from one another the result will not be known for several days. Mr. Solomon is the old member, but Mr. Parsons, his late colleague, did not stand for re-election. WESLEYAN LITERARY SOCIETY. - The meeting of this society on Friday evening last was very well attended. The president (Rev. J. H. Trevorrow) occupied tbe chair. Amotion (tabled by Mr. A. W. Rayment) to form a literary societies* union in Kapunda was carried, and Messrs. T. Jeffs and W. J." Oats were appointed the society's delegates. The following programme was carried out: - Song, " The Old Log Cabin in the Dell," Miss Ethel Grant! short speech on *' Punctuality," Mr. J. Pascoe; recitation, " The Old Bay Mare," Mr W. Pearce; and an essay on "Friendli ness" by Miss A. Millican. The speech and i essay created interesting discussion. i KAFTTNDA INSTITUTE.-A meeting of the committee was held on Friday evening, j There "were present -Mr. T. E. Powell j (president), and Messrs. A, Palmer, J. Jacob, j W. JFlavel, J. Packer, J. Seandrett, A. j Holloway, Dr. Glynn, and Rev. A. G-. Pry. J The librarian's report showed that 204 i books had been circulated during the j month. The treasurer's statement showed j a balance in hand of <£3 5s. 9d. After a ? lengthy discussion, Mr. W. Stokes was j elected secretary by .ballot, on a monthly engagement, beginning from July 1, on the j basis of £75 per aniiuin. There were i eleven applications. The list of books sub mitted by the sub-committee was adopted. THE SLAG FBOM COBNTSH TIN SMELTING HOUSES.-Who would have thought (asks the West Briton and Cornwall Advertiser) a few years since of the slag from Cornish tin fetching 20s., and even 30s., per ton ? We have known thousands of tons sold at 2s. a ton, and even less-glad to get rid of it; and thousands of tons have been used for making new roads as a basis. A big trade has been done of late years in sending the slag to Bristol, where it has been mani pulated with great success by the chemical experts, Messrs. Paas & Co., who have become large buyers. It is even said that gold, silver, aluminium, and other precious metals have been extracted from the slag from the Australian and Straits tin. May we not hope that even greater values may ye<\- be discovered from our waste pro ducts, especially from slime tin raised 420 fms. below the surface at great expense, and dressed at even still greater cost, only partially to be retained for the adventurers, a large body being sent down the Red Eiver to enrich the tin streamers. THE " REGISTER."-On Saturday morning a large number of leading citizens, politi cians, commercial men, and representatives of city and country printing offices, assem bled at the Register office, by invitation, to witness the starting of the new Hoe stereotype web-printing and folding machine. It is a wonderful piece of machinery, and is capable o£ turning out the Register at the rate of 12,000 an hour. It is the finest printing machine ever im ported into Australia, and the proprietors of the senior daily paper are to be con gratulated on the courage and enterprise they have displayed. The machine having been started by Mrs. Thomas-widow of the late Mr. W. Kyffin Thomas, one ofcthe original proprietors - and a number of j Evening Journals printed and distributed to ? the spectators, an adjournment was made to the Agricultural Society's room in Begister Chambers, where success to the Register proprietary was drank. F-Eoar THE POLICE CELL TO THE ALTAR. When Bichard Harding, alias " Kattern/ received sentence at the Truro. Police-court recently (says the West Briton Adver tiser) the magistrates stipulated that unless the fine inflicted were paid forthwith Harding must go to gaol for a month, and accordingly he was placed in durance vile in one of the police cells. During the day, however, a woman presented herself at the police-station, and urged a piteous plea for his release, on the ground that the prisoner and herself had arranged to be married on the following day! Supt. Angel, on con sulting Harding, found that this was actually the case, and in view of the urgency of the occasion called in the mayor to decide what should be done. Mr. Chirg win could not find it in his heart to inter cept the course of true love by insisting on a rigid enforcement of the magisterial decree, so having received from " Kattern " one more assurance of his determination to " turn over a new leaf/' he allowed him to throw off the fetters o_ imprisonment in order to take upon himself the bonds of holy matrimony. On the following day the faithful Bichard led his bride (blush ing or otherwise) to the altar, or rather to the registrar's table; they were married, but it would be anticipating events to say that " they lived happy ever afterwards." THE FINANCIAL CRISIS.-The meeting of shareholders in the E.S. & A.C. Bank, held at Edinburgh on Wednesday last, by a large majority, adjourned the considera tion of the scheme of reconstruction for ten days. The adjournment is said to be due to the agitation of a section of the share holders for the liquidation of the bank. The London Times has suggested that the E.S. and A.C. and the London Chartered Banks should amalgamate. At the meeting of shareholders in the National Bank, held in Melbourne on Thursday, the reconstruction scheme was adopted. The scheme was also adopted at a depositors' meeting held the same day. The shareholders and depositors have agreed to the reconstruc tion scheme of the A.J.S. Bank. On Friday the Colonial Bank of Australasia issued a notice that in consequence of heavy with drawals, during the last four weeks to the amount of £395,000, it was obliged to tem porarily suspend payment. A reconstruc tion scheme similar to those adopted by other banks will be submitted to a meeting to-day. People in Melbourne are regaining levelheadedness. At the opening of the Melbourne banks, at the termination of the five days* holiday, on Saturday, there was no rush. I COMFORT to the thirsty soul. Pure water bright and sparkling, cool and refreshing can be obtained by using a PATENT CLIMAX or VICTORY FILTER. -J. C. Genders & Co., Sole Wholesale Manufacturers. 558TC It is daily life that tests us, that shows the manner of men we are. It is not our j prayers it is not our profession ; but it is | the tone of daily intercourse and conduct : that decides how we stand. A GOOD REMEDY. Wolfe's Schnapps overcomes many ailments resulting from overwork or confining occupa tions, and counteracts a tendency to diseases very apt to attack a weakly con stitution. ; Mrs. Jason : ' I believe every man wants his first child to be a son. Father often said he was sorry I wasn't born a boy.* . Mr. Jason : ' So am I.1 READER! Have you Horses, Cattle, or Animals. Then keep a bottle of HANFOBD'S CURE ALL by you for Sores. Bruises, Sprains, Sore Udders, Mange, Inflamma tion, &c.; Obtainable everywhere.-J. C. Genders & Co., Grenfell-street, Sole Con signees. 55ST 