Interviewing a Tramp. Questions of the f-ay. It hid always been my intention to en deavour to sesuco an opportunity to interview a regular ' uomployed ' individual and obtain his opinion on tuo cjuestious of tbo day, and tlio opportunity alluded to prcaontod it self, and was reudily availed of, tbo other day. I happened to bo tramping from a country township to Hie railway station and' bush ou either side, had bogun to grow poetic and admire nature in its pnrfeet Bymplicity, ote., when, on turning u corner I -suddenly ran into a depraved autcdeluyinn makeshift of a human being, who was squatting on a dirty bundle of rags — presumably a swag— anl. who immediately iudentified himself with the l. on- laboring classes by asking in rather abrupt, although not offensive)' terms tho orthodox ; ' UNEMPLOYED UUBSTION .'? 'Have j or got a bit o1 tobacco on yor boss?' Flat'.ered ? at boing designated ai a'' boss ' I at onoo forkod' out the only pioee of tobacco I had iu my possession and haudod it to him welcome— a statement that was not strictly accurate.' '.?„.' '?Thanksj muchly,' said tho interesting individual as he stuffed the 'toby ' into his obeek an'd commenced munching it. , , Appur^htly ho was .quite satisfied noiv and thought it was time for me to clear aiid as ho did not appear to bo conversationally inolined.,J, I took a seat on a stump near by and meekly remarked, 'I supuoso you're liko the majority of mankind at present— out of work!' ? 'Yes d— — JH you'ro right thoro,' ho snarlod out, .'? I haven't had a day's work for the last two years, and I don't .stand a ghost of a show of getting any either.' ? ? 'That's a bad look, out,' I ventured, ' How do you manage to pull along ?' ' Oh I live on tho ' never,' ' my interesting entertainer returned, ' I oaino out from the old country three years ago thinking that when I landed I'd bo swarmed by bosses and bo able to get as much an 'praps moro work than' I wanted, but I've found mo mistako out and I'm d ? ? sorry I over sot eyes on this CUnSED COLONY ,' I could manage to got a littlo work in tht. old country.' Hero my dilapidated entertainer lapsed into silence and then savagely squirted about half a pint of tobacco juioo in front of him, thereby drowning a io/.iii or so of industrious littlo ants that wor.3 storing their goods up for a rainy day. At length ho resumed, 'Yes, I think you'd have tor go a dovil of a way to find a country liko this.' I vonlnro to remark that at some period or another in tho history of noirly every colony a time of trying depressions had to be endured and a-sortod that, probably, thero was u'silvbr. lining to tho dark cloud that was hanging o'er the oolony of New South.Wales, 'That mny bo true, and likewise it may bo all humbug,' ho ruthor impoli'ely romarkod, ' but as far as I can fee this Colony's going l'KOM BAD TO WOIHB and won't bo fit for doga to livo in soon. There's a set o' coves in Parliament now wot's only foitherin' their nests at 'tho bloomiu' country's expenso. He stopped abruptly 'again and to load him on I remarked that this was hardly likely whou tho leader of tho present Government had recently to resign. - his seat on account of. pecuninry difficulties. 'Bull ! Hot !' snarled tho tramp. ' Bo cuuso a man goes bung liko (lint it dosou't show iliat his lmrdup. '.Look at the fiumin' banks now They're suspending payment, pondin' reconstruction and if I only had about' 'art the, 'staff' they' vo got, I'd livo hks a bloomin' toff.' The thought of living liko-n S 'nioojnx' toff': ? ?? f eomed to livon up the niisorablo specimen of humanity that was beforo, mq and ho got up and streohod himself and appeared to be about to rosumo his weary tramp. For fear ho would do this I queried,'', What's youropinion about this 'settlerhert on the land business f' K.i calmly seated1 himself on the swag again and after squirting some fcobaooi- juice halfway arnos3 the road remarked ; Weil not muii1 ! It's all very well for ooves to tnlk about turnin* us tramps into former.-', but so far as I'm uoum oernod they won't havo in easy j )b. I'ni a briuklayer by: trade but I've given up all hope* of gbttin'. a- job at tliat game, and i£ aiy farmer would givo mo a jot ac ton bob a week and me tucker aiid . u. crib to sloop in, I'd jump at tho bloomin chance. But if you was to give mo a pieco, say, of this 'ore land and tell me to cut down tho trees and mnk-- a liviug out of it, why I'd tell you you wore a bloomin fool. Is munoy us coves want and by ? I'll get somo to, if I get two yoars over it. The weary wayfarer looked terribly sa'va- re ash« UTTERED THIS THREAT \ and to onJeavour to modify in samo degrae'his excited imagination I inquired whother°he Had ever tried fir work at tho Government Labour Bureau in Sydney. . f. ?' Yes ; ? take it ! he roarnd, ' I tried ' for l j -b aud got a free pass to Bathurst, bui; « lion I got there the bloko said he'd got' a 1 tho assistance tin wanted and I'm tarmpin bade from their now.' # Ho unrM vacan ly at tho ground for s )mo aiiuo and theu A HEATHEX ClirjfEE. camo round Iho bend in a cart and pussod' u? This roused him, up somowh-U and, point'iu,' his ung'r nt the rttreating mongolian, 'rowled out, 'Them's the cuwoa wot's ruitmi' this country ! Thoy're doin many an honest ufan out of a loo. ' . Ho got up now and shouldering his rajrirod swag he started oif and I went alun- the load with him, but, try as I miglir, I 'could not lnducohim to rj- opon the conversation. Ati length weoarao to a houso nnd wcra in bight of tho railway station. Ho turned to mo then and asked, 'if I might havo anolhor bit o bucoy on me?' I informed him that I had givoa him tho last ilioco I had and had not onough TILTUY LUCRE' . ,- to get any moro. ' - , Mioored 'Woll, I'm going in to this house to try buo cadgo a bit o' bread and I'm willinir to cut up thoir wood or dig their, gardjn for it. I dou'c want to piok up a row with- ver ?'' t.ii I,9vo.r11»oet,8y?rro» tlio tramp and hard up I'll be Wowed if.I donfc give yer abit of . Tmcoa even if its tho hist I've 'ot ' I watched him outer the f ron t g,,to and try ^ .to established claims of friendship with a forocious-loaking bulldog, but ns I had to run ti catoh a train I never heard how ho fared Anyhow I wished him luck for it seemed to me that tho lot of tho . ' weary wayfarer ' is not au extroraoly happy ono. : 