d4wms joking. /8j\ ARTtM ,vm tire fofort ion spa flops gf AH-' M"1- Dqrd, foe squire of Morton, .Eissreifoto rtfsjipsikfon rod snperiqr infoi, ,'frt FWflWfid 'ft M» BUirerfoi love epff bstosre/ Martin wm great favourite wjfo foe SflrRi eWwd.ypuflf; bHthgflPvsr ohovrtirt any marked rwrtiuifay to anyone until ho faepwM? iiitimots with fafoelfa Afotgn, foo dftpgbtor pf blip glprgyman. Isabella wo» young hod foe most thought, esq girl fa fo? w»llftgo, She cqpld )mvfl littlq pywpatiiy wifo a person of quoli docp fading" »nfl ejeypiteri fatqllsqti qs Martin i and, beaUbifMl asfofl Was, i(i ijpnpitij sriWff? that ho should fifty? gjyep hie Jove to hoi'- , Martin »ih! lM»he|lo hod bsqn pqintofl pot »o loW! fly "jHpgu gqqsips for several months ; he iva now !>iiiqtqcpf and »ho was of the etme age, when the incident about to Ve related ocoiirred. Que nyeping Tftftfiolla fiftff ft SQqiftl Kftfour- ing of youijg people at the house. Jitnrtin, Of 8?HF5P. w9<? pfPMPt, with the fairest yaut|in and maidens ; and the company pn joyed themselves freely with jests, songs, o»vd 8P(!i«iB«ni0s. Tli» lifiuc «t whioh siiph parties usually broko up hurt plrendy passed, when spmo one foolishly mentioned the subleot of ghosts,' sqmething of that dc.faiipfcion having boon ropartad its Having bsen seep in the vicinity of the chiiyohyivrd; "it is a silly report," satjd Murfoi, fohptly cap believe that a ghost has jeajly been seen there ; mid' I doubt if any person here believes in the oxisfcenoe of ghosts." ' Yon do yourself, yon know you do, Martin, although yop are ashamed to own «t»" pried I«abpTl« i but Martin only laughed. "t'ome(no\v." oonfinucd tho thpuglitleu girl, " X can prove thftt you have some idea Cbut such things may 0x1st. Go to the church- yard alone in the dark, hurt Hum decisis, if yon con, bliaf you felt qo fear." i " And what would that provq?" " Why, you will be friglitend, though yqu Should see nothing. Your fears would pub your boliyf to the test. flow could yoq bp afraid if yon did not feel that there was Something to bp afraid of?" "I do not think your logic is the best in the wqrld," replied Martin, laughing. "But I deny, in tho first placu, that a journey to' thq ohnrchyard, eyep #t midnight, would frisk ton me in fop least," "Hft, ha! bub you shell not escape so," laughed Imbed#. >' Hera, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be ywrs," she pqnfinusd, display insr qtje given hot- by an old Invar, whioh Martin had , desired her to part with, " provided you gq tq the churchyard alone, In the dark, and declare on yqur honour when you return that yon wars not afraid," " Agrawj,'' said Martin, buttoning his cpat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire dial mice, you can bring; baclr with you the irgn bar which yna will find close by the grtto," sajfl Isabella- fX'bw> driven by tannta tq the commiMion of a fpliy, Martin' took leave qf the company, full of courage and spirit, apd set out on hie Brrand. He marched ateadily to the church- yard, stopped » moment, to gate at the white tpjubatonpfi gleaniing faintly hi the dark and desolate grpund, for the stars shone brilli antly iii thp claar, ooid eky — then taking up the bar eMron of which Isabella had epokeu, »9% out to rotui-ii. Hp h»d propepded ahoqt half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge frqrn a ojiiinp qi willows and eouqe towards hiui. All Martin's strength of courage was gpue in an instant. Cqnrage give plaoe tpdosperatlqn j his hair tondinK erect end his bipod running chill wifcb horror, stjlj hp stood his ground. 'Jho apeoh-edrew nearer, peemipg to grqw whitar and larger an it approached. \Vo caunot tell whet frpnay seiaad upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. Hp raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre, The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams, Dreading some tragic termination to tho farae they ruslipd tq tbs spot. They found Martm kneeling on a prostrate figure, hi« fingers clutching convulsively at Its throat, while he ptifl uttered frantic shrieks for help Qne of the youag men forced Martin to relax his hold pn toe threat of the figure, whilst another fore away tlm folds of the sheet and disalqspd the blond-stained fwtores of fmbpiia, dis torted in death. Marfan uttered Hfi unearthly shriek and fell lifelesa upon the corpse. Me never exike again, and lived but a fow months, fo die pn iqiet. NEVER" aiuL A LIE. Ypuutf man, never toll a lie i esppowlly if yon happen to he a married man and your wife is a woman who knows what two and two moke— or, at all events, hardly over tell one. A lie may sqem harmleu qnoogh st the time, but it will stick to yon like wax. Listen to whet George Wpshijngten Splogftp bas to -suffer in consequence of a little fib bp once told, Gwrge had beqn out to www at » bachelor friond's diggings, and, in the natural prdw of even to, he wt» flfi'oplewr the following mornings lis had, in feet, about a Ifo- It toupee, hsadachq, and tbirnt, At break fast hie wife wandered why he htd no appetite for the nioe fat b(u?en "h at fowt, i.t would hove been nine if it hadn't been rather cindory pp ens aide and pot cooked on the ether. And then hp didn't fake bis tea, and phq wop Bgre he cqnldu't eomplaiu of ite not being strong enough, for it had been Blowing on tbo Imh for tbrpp npartora of an hour. And tbn rnsrgorlno wasn't so very strong hut what a healthy man might have eaten ftje tpest. So Ueqrge had to explain, and lie said hp didn't feel very well- rather bilious ; ho thought tho aalmqu they had for supper ato night hadn't agreed with him- Nop, this was the lie. (Hq'g? 4idnt think anything f the sort, and they hadn't had any salmon for supper. JM ho had beep well enough to think at all, he would have kuown that it was that l««t half siapq qf whisky- But he recklessly told »he i|fi. Gqqrge struggled into his qvqroooS, and after deaporate endeavours managed to squceso his hat on to his swollen head j and hp want off to tho oftieq wondering why samabqrty didn't invent hftt-liBrna on the principle of t-fic shoe-horn, And Nqiaeoia marked him for her own. 'Mrs, fiplfKjga saw through that lfo in a twinhliptr, snd olio dotormincd to have her ravnngn for the rtcqsptifin fipqrgp had tried in impose uppn bar. T|»is j? wh»t now Imjiponp : When Osergo feofa inclined to to lutve a little teddy 3b homo before going to bed, Mrs. Bploggs will get out the glasses and decanter, and P«t the kqttlp on the fire, and will ask : " Will yonhavpuuy lemon in your wJwn, Gporge ?" y/bcti a friepd comoa in of ft night to poo Georgo, mid Goorgo asks biai to have a nip, Mrs. Bploges always makes a paint of asking tho friend if hq likes bis " salmon " hot or cold ; and then explanations have to bo given, vrjsioh njaksfl Oqsq foal R?i:nst?hq-i fonlich likq, ; And then, to crown ell, shq fiwoopphodup tliQ oluvoy in tlm joko, Tho other night, arhon the decanter was found to be empty, she rang for the girl, gave bar coma raopoy and tola iior to go round to the Goldon Xion for p bottlo of tlireo-and-siapeniiy f' splmqu," And tJio giiri griunodos nUawnU f-hfl woBsy onii it, , .Qeqrgs W beginning to think that) tho jfituatiun will remain unaltorod until h? jqips q Bend 9f Sopq and bu.Y4 ft fov? yawls qf jhloe ribbqn. , Mftflistento (to PfiswiFi ) !! yqu uny to make 1" .Prisoner (a barber) i " Yqs, jqqi Wtrebfp. Kmwk g»ito.«Bt«8g.f> 