MELBOURNE LETTER. According to Air. Alax Hirsch, who was entertained at a banquet the other evening, the days of protection in the land are numbered, and, in the near future, Parliament wilL be taken possession of by a band ot freetraders. In order to push ou witli the work, a sum of £2,000 is required, and all who have the cause of freetmde at heart are asked to give proof of their sincerity by contributing according to their means. Now, quite apart from the vexed question of freetrado versus protection, it may be asked — Is the present, the right time lo make an appeal for money to assist the frcelrade policy P Parliament is about to close its labors and rest for a few mouths; ! no fiscal question disturbs the coni- 1 mnnity ; bnsiness of all kinds is I laboring hard against the storm ; and ( there is trouble aU over the land— then why attempt now to raise strife on tariff questions ?. The battle: of free- trade against protection,; will of course be renewed some . day, and - probably Air. Hirsch will l>e:in Parliament; at the time, I ait just: atpresen ttliore.is no sound reason Jor: heating - tlie;. freetrado cymbals , Painful evidence of the bad times is furnished, in llio „" wanted To selj " columns'" of; our. jnoriiihg, newspapers. People . appear to -:1)0 getting; ru!, at. grea t sncrifi ces,: o Lcvcryt It i ng , they ..can . do without.- >! Got, tage ;dra wing-room: suites, ninnos, sewing machines, aud articles of jewellery -Tue advertised for sale, at. private residences, by the score. One person. stat es that she has a; piano, .which cost £65 two years ago, fot\ sale, aiiil tliat. as slie is --greatly pressed .for money she; will- accept. :£25_- to-day " (t he :day she. 'advertised),;.: Another- of the sex u rgos someone to, ; hay ; her sewing- machine, for £1 10s , almost ncw, and cost -And " a gentle- man vin distress "otters his gold .watch, and silver chain at a tcinpting. sacrifice It; is only. those who _ move : .among. the people can form "any,-; idea of; the great misery, which : exists, in. the: metropolis, at the present time ,s - : The "Premier saw,, a _ little of the seainy side of life the other day, when: he passed an ; hour in the; city court. Subsequently lie visited tLe Royal Park '.depot; ; where .. neglected children are received prior; to beiug sent to the Industrial schools ;; and when he returned to his office in the evening lie remarked, "What I have seen and heard : to-day - proves ' the existence of a state .of things , that is beyond parallel." Mr. Patterson is now satisfied that the question of establishing a foundling hospital mast receive serious consideration in - tlie next session of Parliament.. The crime of iuFantieide is increasing lo an alarming extent, and something must be done to stop it. Alany well meauing people aro strongly .opposed to found ling hospitals, on the ground. that they encourage vice, but; against Jhat view there is the paiufnl fact: that, almost dailv in this citv. helnless "women murder their little ones, or leave them to ilio in IhoFpnhlic reserves;-: Society cannot look calmly on at' this condition' of things. The ."Spook" society has not boon able to capture a ghost yet, and I hear that the council is not a happy family A literary gentleman whose contri butions to- the press appear nnder the initials " J.S." lias' come into warm conflict with the burly Dr. Bevan ; aud the son of a: well-known deceased philanthropist in this city has had nil angry tussle with the Rev. Charles Strong. Some members of the council are earnest ghost seekers, and are sanguine of being able to exhibit half a dozen of the class on the platform of the Town I J nil ere long, while others Iangli iu .their sleeves while' they accompany their ' colleagues in the search. There is one prominent gentle man in this city- (lie has nob given mo -permission: to mention Jiis nainel. who is inquiring quietly and earnestly into the question of spirit communication, and I anticipate that by and byo lie will make his experiences public. If he does I am sure that much weight will be attached to what lie says. - The number of "professors " in Melbourne is increasing and the papers contain rows of advertisements from members of both sexes who undertake to tell people all ahont the .fa Cure. Ono of the class is evidently a fellow possessed of some honesty, as he frankly announces that all those who consult him " will go away well pleased." No intimations of coming danger; no early bereavements ; no shadows over over the household — everything pleas ant, v . This manly frankness should bring to his doors a large percentage of. the -'foolish people, who believe in professional sight seers. 