TWO ENGLISH AUTHOBV1 By Raymond BlatiiwaW.' ( 20 j\ MISS FLORENCE MARHYJ$'s>., Tlioro ara perhaps few names in paths of English literature tliat ara hailed wfthr moro gonuino pleasure,' or that moro readily moot with tile approbation of ' a largo portion of the reading English publio, than that of a Mar. ryat. The author of Midshipman Easy, Poor .Tmeb Tftsmltt nnrl nitinw ntlia fmrvTra whose titles aro household words, lias ever been popular among our sea roving and advontaro loving countrymen. It was therefore with genuine pleasure that I recently found myself in tho aompany of tho daughter of the colobrated novolist, Captain Marryat. Aslontered thelittlo room in tho far wilds of 'West Kensington, where, in the company of her actor-son and her daugiitar, and her splendid bulldogs, Miss Florenoe Marryat is now living, I was astonished to find myself greeted by a woman whoso youth ful appearance gavo a flat denial to her asser tion that she was the daughter of a contem porary of Lord Nelson himself, But so it is ; tall, strongly made, with curly hair and a laugh- ing, jovial manner, and an acoaslonal breezy raoi- ness of expression whioh foreibly recalled some of her father's most amusing characters, Bliss Florence Blarry at stands confessedly a link with tho long doail, delightful, romantio past. "You write yourself a great deal, do you not ? I asked, by way of opening the conversation, and the reply astonished mo, " Oh, yes, 58 novols, not iuolnding many hundreds of articles and newspaper reviews in 20 years. My books aro really quite a diary of my own personal ex periences in India and elsewhere. Nowadays, liowover, thoy aro ohiefly sooiety novels, mid I am going in strongly for dissecting character, I think it is so muoh more interesting. Lady novelists havo immensaly inorcascd since I began writing. I was four yoars editor of London Society. I wrnto four novels last year, and I aotod on tour evory night' for 10 months. I never write unless I can do so on the spur of tho moment. No, I never read the oritioisms of my novels. My son and daughter are botli going in for writing." "Do you una muon uimcuity in planning one your stories, Miss Marryat?" " No not as a rulo, thoughts oomevory swiftly and easily to me. I sometimes have many plots in my head. They are liko skoiotan houses with all tho scaffolding, about thorn, waiting to be completed. They are plots not filled up, with no color, no realisation. Boon they domand to bo carried out; tho houso must ho built. Some times I have been talking to a person. "An idea, a plot, enters my head. "Oh, my deor lies. Smith," I will say, " you must exouso me a few minutes whilo I jot down this lovely idea that has just'coino to me." . " Havo you regular hours for work ?" I asked. "Well, that depends. I can t writo to order. If I havo my plot wait oonaoived and I am thoroughly in tho mood, the uiniouity is to stop. But I cannot writo to order as Trollopo could, nor could I over dream of writing to another person's plot. My story may be a very poor tiling, I dare say it is, but at all events it ismine own. I havo a wide oirolo of roadors in Amoriea, and many 'admirers.'. Ono girlwroto to mo from tho Alleghany Mountains to sny elio novor read anything also but my books, and that her own oharaoter was founded on the feminine person alities in my novols. In Canada a deputation of 100 lndlos oamo to mo when I was tlioro to thank mo for that book whioh I bad .tkon rcaently published, My Own' Child. They soid it had made them thoroughly realise, as thoyhad nover "ore, tho beauty and'duties of mother- "Tlioil yon write with nn objeot, Miss Marry at, 'Iintorjeoted. "You point a moral andadorn a tale." " Yes," Blie replied with a very merry laugb. "Yes, Ivory often do, and don't vou think I am right to do so? . Wo oan instruot as woli as amuse, wo novelists. I think wo have a great responsibility. My lost book but ono, There is no Death, is a story of my life and my spiritual istic experienooB. It has oreated a tremendous sensation. Tho Earl of D wrote to mo and told me it had ohanged Mb life. Admiral Sir E told me his wifo was a different woman since slie bad read it. I have had hun dreds of letters from Amorioa about it. I al ways writo on a " theory " as it wero. For in stance, in my last Btory I have tried to work out tho problom as to whether there is really a. great difference between the upper and lower olasses, by taking my hero from the lower elasBes aud giving him the best possible odnoa- tion." " But have we ever had such an experience in real life ?" I objeoted. "No," she replied, " I havo not." "Because," said I, "I should doubt if tho refinement that comes of oulture equals, or is at all, the same as that that is the result of long generations of good breeding. But porhaps that will be a very heterodox doctrine to onr Ameri can cousins." " Oh !" said she, with a smile, tho Pour Hundred will probably endorse your senti ments." And then we eaoh laughed, "But," she went on, " I think somo of our aristoorocy, and even our army men, are frightful cads," wherein I Bgreed with her most heartily. To go on with what wo were talking about, Fighting the Air raises and discusses the ques tion as to whether a man can love more than one or two women at the same time, whioh I answer in tho affirmative. Slio then dived into certain soriptural mysteries, and the - incompre hensible laxity of life of many Biblionl heroes, by Wfiv nf nritvinnrfirtrnrcynmonf. P/irltflnBAiivnnnwA. sation hero, though earnest and wellintcntioncd enough, was a little too raoy for oxact transcrip tion. My renders must imagine tho rest or tho delightful Puritan prudes of New England— and more charming women I nover mot— will go away with the idoa that tho English are worse even than they are made out to be in Amoriea, lilfrl cntendu. Miss Marryat, however, spoke very earnestly and thoughtfully on the matter, and her book is well worth careful porusal. Blindfold she told me dealt with hypnotism. In Brave Heart and True she shows how a good man can forgivo the greatest sin a woman oan commit, and then marry her. And I am bound to add that her hero is a far nobler character than Angel Clare in Mrs. Hnrdy's much talked of novel, Tcss of the D'Urbervilles, He forgot the great truth enunciated 40 years ago by F. W. Robertson, of Brighton, that "a woman's worst fault is often the result of a perverted idea of self sacrifice." Tho sweetest, womanliost woman is frequently the ono who has committed what is in her sister's eyes tho " unpardonable sill." . " Vermigne, "eaid MisBMarryat, "is your favo- rito. My prices inorease yearly. I draw double monoy now to what I usod to do three years ago. There is no Death is being oharged 2s. 6d. for loan only at a Brighton library. It may do -goodby throwing light on a vory wondorful (sulijcpt.--vlt is tho record of 20 yoars' porsonai bxtefie)iep.\ Jfy father was a strong believer in ghosts.' <How\Jong docs it take me to write my ( ijooks ? Sometimes six weeks, sometimes three mpirtii'S. I) ara very rapid. My aousins say tlidjt £6uld', compile my life from my novelB. ThatJs-tW-jvay with women writers. They ill|(p'teobpjile to their papers. They give them- iHOlbeajtivrty dreadfully. "Hero is a group of my ohildron," sho went on, handing mo a largo photo. " One of my boys is a sailor. That young fellow is a gunner, Anglice (an officer in tho royal artillery). My dauglitors are taking to writing. Yes, we aro quite a literary family." Ana tor one really tno uaugater ot tne iioro of my childish days," said I, gazing after her with interest. "Yes, I really am tho daughter of Oaptain Marryat, the youngest of 11 ahildrcn. Let mo show you somo relics of my dear father." So I stopped acroHS the room to leek at somo por traits of tho great " novelist of tho sea" whioh hung upon the wall. "That is tho only portrait really dono from life of my father," said Miss Marryat, as she pointed to the picture of a naval officer in the uniform of 70 years ago. " That was painted by BehneB, the saulptor, when be was made-post captain, at the age of 24. Here is another sketch mado of him in 1841 by Coantd'Orsay." That ekotoh was speaially interesting to me. First of all it was the portrait of ono of my horooe, and then it was the work of a man, the dilettante, alever leader of sooiety of a most brilliant period of our social history, and' mcmorios of Disraeli and the "Young Duke," and poor Lady Blessington and a hundred others floatsd before my mental gaze. And the next portrait wob the work of Captain Marryat's cousin, sir jsuwara ueionor, too great Aromo explorer. Beneath thorn hung a brass upon whioh had been most beautifully ctohod by tho great novelist himself a beaver lying upon a bank surrounded by a strip of water. The lamp whioh illuminated the room stood upon a small tea table made out of a piece of "my father's old ship the Ariadne. And hero is tho tncdal of the Legion of Honor whioh tho Emperor Napoiooii, who died in my father's arms wiion lie was ono of tlio guard of honor at St. Helena, gavo to him just boforo ho breathed his last. Poor dear father, lie was never received at Court by King William aftor that. _Horo is his original 'code. of signals,'" and Miss Mar ryat placed in my . hands a littlb book in which Oaptain Marryat had written with exquisite oare aiid neatness. And then she gnve me the |ien witli which he wrote his last novels, and which greatly interested mo. " My father was under 21 yearsofngowheh ho puuusncu ins urat novel, ynnucsi uamag. iu niter years ho muoh regretted its rather fast tone, nnd always sorrowed that lie had written it, I havo only the' modorn editions of his novols, whioh, I nm told by Routlcdgc, still have a greater sale than any other books of thoir olass. I would pay anything for a few of tho original editions. He always wroto with evoryone about him in the room. No amount of conversation scorned to intorfero with tho ready flow of his thought. But then, indeed, ho slways had a glass of brandy and water bosido liim, and so in a world of his own lie would bo uncoiisoious of ail surroundings. Ho took muoh longer ovor a book than wo wretohed writers of the present day. Ho wob in 59 naval engagements bofore ho was 21 j his first ono was wiion he was on bonrd tho Arothnsa, at 11 years of ago. How woll I oan remember those evenings aiier uiuuer when lie wonld havo us all down to dessert and tell etorios to us and tho frionds round tho tabio. Lord Byron was one of his speoial ohume. Ho used gleefully to tell us a story of his childhood days. His littlo brother usod to walk in his sieop a great deal. One day my fathor wob very naughty, bo ho was put on bread and water diet. Ho didn t like it muoh, but ho was determined not to show his i feelings. So, munohikg manfully away at tho broad, ho said, ' I don't oaro 1 I love bread and water. I'll blow myself tight on bread and water. " Whotbor ho did or not, I don't know, but later in tho day my grandmother, happening to look Irrattho pantry, cnught my fathorbiiBy devouring tho contents of a huge jam pot. Turning round suddenly, to his horror, ho saw hor. TVitn great readiness ho shut his eyes, and stretohing out 1? ns though feeling his way, ho said, I m walking in my sleep. I don't know where Inm. What am I doing?' Bodied in 1848, V, <m I was quite a ohild. Tho night before ho died ho dictated thoBo words : 4 Christianity must must bo implanted in the breast of youth; thero must bo a bias towardH it given as an oarhr age. It is now half-past 9. "World, adieu !' Early next morning, boforo anyone was up, he had learned tho great secret. " So passed tho strong, hcroio souljLwayftnd' at eventide thero was light." 