The Mercantile Bank prosecutioosbave come to an end, Sir Bbyan OXoghlen, the Attorney-General, acting ae a grand, j^ry. having decided not to pr^ent the defendants* Sir K* H, Da vies and Mr. F. MiLLiDGz, who were committed by llr. McDonald, for trial. . Taaa ends, (not a» satisfactorily as could be wished certainly^ for it would have bee&t; better bad the police court; bench been unani- : mous) a case which probably would never have provided handsome fees for tbe legal profession but for setrepaper clamour. We bare never excused tbe j mad policy of the bank*, all along tbe! line in fostering- land and property j speculation and tben suddenly abutting dovrn supplies aod frightening people into a reaction which has been _dieas trons, bot we recognised the fact that if the Mercantile Sank directors and officers were to be sent to gaol as criminals every bank in the colony wov^d 'have bad to furnish iia quota likewise. The ; bank may have been imprudent in making advances, but of a conspiracy to cheat tbe public there was aot one tittle of , evidence, nor was it shown that cither the directors x-t the manager realised tbe fall wbicb had taken place in lhe value jof seenritids. The prosecution was initiated by the Orown in *obedieo0c to clamour, and it was demolished 3jy tbe evidence of the ibrown ' itself-^iiJ point of feet, the 'Witnesses for. tbe, prosecution would not say What.ihey were briefed to .-say, or if ihey did were point blank coutradictcd by otber wituesses or by facts. Possibly tbe issues have been & good deal obscured in the public mind by the variety of trials of great financial offaptifeft; but a vary sharp lice requires to bo r jrawn between the , different classes. ^The Matthias Labkins — men who trade on their position and popu* larity to defraud, are distinct even from tbe G. Isr. Taylors who juggle with the thousands at their command with tbe hope that a turn of fortune will enable them to replace what they have mteused ; and both of these Are essentially different from the case under review where it is not contended for one moment that one of the defendants obtained the slightest pecuniary benefit for. himself, the very worst oSence alleged beiog that they tried to stop the leaks in a ship which had run on the rocks through slress of weather and careless handling. We heartily congratuia^ Sir M. S. Daytes' on the breakdown of the charge against him, and we do so with the more heartiness becaase we have never swerved from lb© opinions we are now expressing. When a few years hence he rises, with other people, out of his troubles^ he will find his title will again win him a host oE admirers, among whom, if it survive, will pro bably be found Tittle Tattle, hut their suuslitny congratulations will certainly not be more sincere than ours in this ' the wiater ot his discontent.' In conseqdekck of extreme pres6Uic on oar space this morning, we Are compelled to hold over several matters, including a Jengtby report of the ceremony in con nection with the opening of iLe new fire station at Windsor, and a report of the Cattlfield council meeting. TiiE MAYOU OP Pbahiian b&s; hit upon a happj- idea of briugiog tbecitizeoB together during the wintcr'eveuings. A fall outline of the .scheme will be found in another column, but put in brief be purposes giving a series of say fortnightiy musical, literary, dramatic, and scientific entertaiuments in the town halt to the citizeos in general. In this liis worship takes what is almost a new departure in ih's colony, tlioagh by uo means so in the old world ; and in tUi6 he is not only to be commended, but wili surely command taccesf. - Life in Melbourne is none loo bright and joyous just now, and wc feel assured that these evenings with the mayor will be productive of much good feeling, and will pa&s; by many a pleasant hour. . IK hebponse to a requisition signed by leading residents of tbu city, the mayor of Prehfan has convened a public meeting to be held on Tuesday next at 8 p.m. at the Prahran Town-hal/ for the purpose of con* 1 sideriag tbe present distress existing in Melbou*72e and suburbs, and the. advisa biJily of eatabltehing village settlements, I A similar meeJiog is called by the mayor i of St Kilda for nest Thursday. Ko i doubt three will be large and demon' I strative gntberiugs in the .interests of so | important a matter. Sib William Clabkb and tbe com mittee of the Royal Victorian Institute. for the lHind make ao urgent appeal for help 'and 'ienero ua*xfiant^f ije funds of which are at so low an: ebb as to render it absulntely impossible for the board to con tinue the workof the institution unless help is forthcoming. Hr, J. Thurston llogarth, the Superintendent, has been a wise and prudent manager, tbe expenses bave been' enormously reduced and tbe staff put on half salary, and stiU the overdraft goes on increasing, wfaiJe the funds raised by ihe blind feiogcrs in Tasmania arc ' locked up.' It must be remembered that tbe institution does not sbare in the Hospital Sunday col lodions, nor in any special or local vote, and therefore it is all the more oeedtui that tbe public should realise aud relieve its necessities. We shall be most happy to receive contributions at our office from a penny to a pound — and we won't refuse even' a higher sum. WsiLE public attention is being cen tered upon the effects of the finnucial crisis aod people have scarcely got tbe heart to trouble about affairs in general, a foe, wbicb svouJd be scotched and killed in one act under ordinary circumstances, is in sidiously establishing itself in our midst. We refer lo the oft-recurring attempt to foist upon Victoiin ihe continental Sabbath. During tbe past fesv weeks tbe avaricious promoters ot Sunday entertainments bare been doing a -good business, M'ith 'he result that they now op nly announce their shows as though the law condoned such an out rage upon the community ; aud unlets the Authorities take prompt steps to check the enterprise of theue Yankee grabbers who are amongst us, the l)ay of Hest will soon become a by-word and a delusion, Wc do not write in the interests of church finances so much as in the interests of those who labor six days and look forwaid to tbe seventh as a day of rest and view the introduction of continental ideas with suspicion. The £t7&U;£SZ70X thrown out in those columns «on-e weeks since is icspcci to the abvisability of causing the tramway man agement to grant trausfers I row the Malvern 'buses to ihe trams connecting at the corner of Chapel and Higb streets was promptly taken up by Ci, Bobinson, who strongly advocated tbe idCA at a reccnt meeting of the Malvern council, and wc are pleased to observe that Cr. Osment has followed suit at Prahran. go that it only remains for St. Hilda to form a powerful trio, when there is no doubt as to the success of tbe appeal to the tramway companytwbQ always-show a willingness to grant reasonable couccssions. Transfers : are granted oti tbe Dandenong-road route, andlf tbe proposal is'givcfi effevt to it will prove a bnon to - the residents in the vicinity of Malvern, Armadale and East I'rahran, particularly in rcbpect &o; traffic to the fit. Kilda Kspianatte during the sumnrtr iseason, aod Hie company witi add to its popularity and financial strength by acceding to fhe propppal. ' Or. DaWea' fears in respect to the increased vehicular con venieuc^fi oo tbe M«Ivera 'bos route tend ing lo take trade to .Melbourne are too far fetched, tbe same old joke which waa raised nearly a century ago jn opposilion/&j; the introduction of tbe iron horee having: long since -been played out, . . /£ 4 . ? ' A PBEfrnr wedding took place at All Saint's Church, St Eilda, on Wednesday afterhoon last, the. - happy contracting couple being MjBs Aiiee il.fl. White and Mr. James Doeg, both of whom descend from old and respected local identities. The bride was attired in ' cream cashmere and handsome trimmings, 'with^urah and mocblin lace, and looked *sry ^harming, tbe bridesmaids being, Miss, White, Miss May Corinaldi, Miss iUrmey Livingstone, and Miss Leila -KeaJe, who woro canary' cashmere and vurah silk, with gold and diamond brooches; presented by i.be bride* groom. Tbe ceremony was performed by the lie?. J. Gregory, who, it is worthy of note, christened the bride just 19 yt&rs; ago in the same edifice. -Over 630 friends of the happy pair witnessed the marriage at the church, and at the breakfast, which v&£ held at tbe residence of the patents of the bride in Princes-street, a number of old friends assembled to rejoice over tbe happy event. In the evening a ball was held at the Fo restore* Halt, South Yarra, where the festival was kept up most enthusiastically tiu an early hour on tbe following morn* ing. The wedding presents were numerous and costly, and few marriages have been celebrated under more auspicious circam stances, A CHANGB OF Pi/ATFOBM is the technical term applied ^o« -higbly auoces&ful; visit paid on Monday last by the. Alma-road Congregational Band p£ Hope to thttir Boatb Mclboame confreres of the . Cecil-street Wesleyan body, tbe visitors taking the platform and giving a splendid programme of songs and .recitations, ilr.7 G. B. K. Gibson occupied the chair, snid there was a crowded audience. The . Alma-roadsters turned out in force, tbe -following taking' part j-rlliffies Webster, ficolt, Webb, Jones, and Messrs. Arland, Preston, Smiley, Bead* McQueen, Cameron, fiqatrea, James, Ford,' and £tareley. The success of the visit will be^n inducement to similar raids by the Other societies, which cannot butrbave ex cellent results. . The unquiet ghost of ihe Burnley bridge . was raised before the Prahran coon* ? jpil-Jast Monday by tbe facile pen and winged words of the irresistible John Ellis- . Stewart (doaVforget the hyphen please, printer), wM askod the council to take steps to proceed at once with the work; wit b a view to giving assistance to the unem ployed. In tbe midst of unintelligible remarks which migbt be gathered to mean 41 ? j[iia impudence ' or 'put it in tbe basket,' were heard the calm and judicial tones of Cr. Jno. Turner at whose instigation it was resolved to inform the writer that the council were vigoiously pushing on with the matter— in «pite of ft wildehtiek from Cr. Morris Jones, whp suggested as an amendment that the writer be informed that the bridge would never be done. j The officer? of Court Marion, A.O.F., No. 3521, are about to give a practical example of the wisdom of causing charity to begin at borne, by holding a coucert at the ft orcstcrB* Hall, South Yarra, on tbe 23rd Jane next in aid of distressed mem bers of the court. Unfortunately, . a number of members have found themselves unable to keep themselves financial, aud it is hoped tbftt by the method proposed relief of a very valuable nature wiii ~be afforded — for, however touch tbe financial shoe pinches, members of benefit societies arc always desirous of keeping themselves financial, and thus eusure medical atten dance and sick pay in tbe event of failing health, Tbe appeal now- being made to the more fortunate of the brethren and the public generally is one that deserves the fullest sympathy, and it is hoped that there will be a large demand upon Mr, W. J, Connolly, the secretary, for tickets, the price of which has been fixed nt one shilling. It is intended to provide a fiiet class programme for the event in question. Who's to pay the pirEB ? was the bur- ! den of persistent inquiry by Cr. Osment at tbe Prahran council meeting on Monday, , with reference to whether. Mayor Skinner , was to ' stand the racket ' of refreshments on the occasion of the opening of the new fire station at Windsor on Thursday, to wbfeb invitations bad been sent out by the Fire Brigades U .-ard. The mayor intimated that as the board were the hosts it was not likely that he was going to jump their claim, and further that when people were invited out it was not the custom for them to inquire as to the probable items of the menu. This last bint quite crushed Cr, Osment, who relapsed into silence with a murmur as to that lot having cost enough already without 'shouting' for tlicm a sentiment which, although unparliamen tary, seemed to meet with general approval. OUB popular young Prahran medico, Dr. A. Joske, of Greviiie-Btrect, has been gaECtted a justice of the peace for the cen tral bailiwick, and was formally sworn in on Wednesday last before Sir. Justice Hood, The new magistrate will prove a valuable acquisition . to the ranks of the local justices, aod we very heartily con gratulate him on the high honor that has been so worthily beston-cd. If the doctor is as successful in administering justice as he is in tho use of pills and potions, his elevation will be a public gain. Biso, duly arrayed Dr. Joske, J.F» 1 Fbed HuupbbieS, the late secretary of the Employere1 Union, has been sentenced by Mr. Justice a'Beckctt lo a further term of eleven months imprisonment for em bezzlement. As we heard tbe sentence passed ob Wednesday, we were reminded of tbe fact that the last time we saw Mr, Justice a'&eckett; and Frederick Humphries face to' face was at a dinnet held at .the Windsor bowling green, the laughter of lh_li5^cAte^Sl','Ee'rtyta'2SJcho£th' guests. ? Truly, life is a kaledioscape^ A PBorosirioN on the- business paper of tbe Board of Works for last Tuesday's meeting . roustd considerable apprehension in Cr. John Turner's mind, aud be took occasion to sound ''a' note of warning at Monday's meoljng of the Prahran council, the said proposition .being that tbe board bear the expense of connecting bouses with the sewers, instead of tbe owners as now laid down by the act, This, Cr. Turner thought, was a vital matter, as it meant, on the 100,000 tenements in Melbourne and suburbs, an addition of a million or a million and a quarter sterling to the' 'ex* penditure ot the board. Cr. Osment wauled tokoowwhat all the row was about; and 6apgested that if Cr. Turner wanted to scream be should -wait until after tbe meeting of the board was over. [Tbe pro position was, at the meeting of the board on Tuesday, referred to tbe sewerage and finance committees. Ed.] . PBAH&ANITEB; V. ' F0B&JSEB6; ' was the burden of a wail from Cr. Davies at the , Prahran council meeting on Monday anent the cubtom of chargiug the same rate of market dues to residents of Prahran as to ; persons t?ho came from other districts, the speaker contending that residents and^ .ratepayers should be favoured a6 against I tbe world at large. On the suggestion of the town clerk it was left to ihnt officer, io | conjunction with the market committee, to ^arrange a scale of ' preferential duties.' i . ' A* -number of rating appeals came [.before Judge Chomley iu the County j. Court on Monday. The annual value of | the property of the 'Metropolitan Gas Company in Prahran' was; reduced byL | consent from £10.000. ;to £3750, and the I annual value of four pieces of property [ belouging to I'etoi TulfouU, in the shire of , Malvern, was l-v cVuscut reduced from £607 lo £403.. ' - ?- jrCi---. I- — - The TtiBPetciKmEAN event of next week will be Mr. Walter Heath's eighth annual ball, which takes place on Taesdav evening at the Centennial Hall, Hauth Yarra. These gatherings are always of a eelcct nod en joyable character, and the friends and popils of our popular knight of hops and capers look forward to ihsm from year to year with pleasant anticipations of a repe tition of past sociality aod a revival of olfj acquaintanceship. i-n ibis occasion the ball will take the form of an evcning_ dress instead Afro. ftfinaU fancy. -dj£&i;£)jiplay,;. and in view of -tbe bad Btate of the times the prices have ttJoen ilowEred :to S8; ^d. for : double ticWeta, 4s. for single, and 3&. for an extra lady's ticket', and n sapper 1 will be included In tbe programme. The music Will 1-e supplied by Mr. Harry 'border's band of fifteen performers, and the hall decorations wilt form a Bpecial feature. It may be mentioned that the ball, since the recent alterations and extensions, is the largest in the district with the excep tion of the town hali, and the floor is in splendid condition for dancing. Thb POPOIiAb Vicar of Bray conducts' an anti-humiliation service at the Princess' Theatre this evening. - -Tbe rev. gentleman bolievcs-in making tbe best of thlngB as ihey ate; aod neither blames Providence for causing our ains to €hd us out1 nor directs Htm to help ua out of the pitfall ye have made for ourselves, but insists that we should make a sUrt . to help .oprsety.es. And the first «tep towards -this fend, 'Mr.- Bray thinks, is to put on ^ cheerful couu tenance. in order that wc may be bettor^ able' to encourage a spirit of hoga.*o4 thereby'face our troubles like men. lb* practical Illustration of bis theory, Me will appear on the Princess stage ibis evening in the charming aod mirth -provoking comic opera which bears blstitie. 'u~ The committee elected for tfrTpurpose of carrying opt the proposed State schools' entertainment at Prahran in aid -ot the relief of the prevailing distress met on Monday evening, wben tbe- preliminary arrangements were further dealt with. The date of the entertainment bas been fixed for tbe 8th June, and in view. o/Jbe vety. attractive .programme whidV Mr;' Bennie ' has drafted and . the deserving naWre of the appeal there fihouia be au excellent financial result. P * At this time it is perhaps interesting to Tecai! a paragraph from a prerious anmber of tbe Prahran Jfyleffrapb asjfol-, lows The premises lately occupied by Dr. Fetberston in Chapel-street, have, we understand, been taken on lease by, - the Colonial Baufc, with tbe -siew of establish ing a branch bank. Thus the problem of whether there is t rade enough in Prahran to ^opport branches ottwo banks will be put toa crucial test.' ^Tbia was 'SSjears ^go, \be_-ohe established ; bank being - the National , which; by the'wayj had tbat ha'i ^year. to pay 1 its dividend out o£ its poservQ tnndi ?_ ^The MASONIC fraternity atlended ihfull force at the monthly meeting of the City of Piahian Lodge on Thursday evening, the chief item of interest heing tbe election^ of a 3V.M. in ploce ot Bro. A. B. Corinaldi,, whose term of office is about to expire., Bro. Bobcrt Balston, tbe woil-kbown and respected elation master .at ^.Prahran, was u&aiumously; elected lo tbe position,'. Affet the asual business had he^n.transoctefi an bsjoVable hour wns^peotia aociaiityat tbe Arcade Club, tbe toast of the W.M. elect being honoured with gre&t; enthusiasm. -The usual fortnightly meeting of the Prahran branch of the A.N.A. was held on Wednesday last at the Dispensary Hall, there being a good attendance. During the evening tbe result of the essay compe tition on ' The best method of deal ing with the Unemployed Question ' was made known, the first and second prizes being awarded to Messrs. Tunin tliffe (Novth Melbourne branch) and Toucher (Richmond branch). It was an nounced that a public meeting would be held at the Prahran Town-hall r cxt month in furtherance of the federation movement. After tbe routine business had been disposed of, tbe rest cf the evening was occupied by Mr. Max Hirsch, who gave an address on 'Wages,' in which tbe blessings of freetrade were contrasted with the disadvantages of protection — the old, old story. The speaker argued that tbe country paying the highest wages was' the cheapest to live in arid t'lat labor was the product of wealth. The prosperity of tbe employer meant the prosperity of the employed, and both sbould work band -in band. Mb. Tbomas G. L. Scott, who recently retired from the position of assistant town clerk at ' Prahran in consequence of the retrenchment fiat which the council had to obey, bus not joined tbe unemployed, but with a determination that redounds to his credit be has entered into business on bis own account as a house, land, and general financial agent at 155 Grev ille-street, Prahran, having acquired the well-known business unt il recently carried on by Messrs. W. Hunter and Co, Mr. Scott has energy, tact, and ability, and with the good will o I a large circle of friends as an additional asset, we anticipate for him a veiy success , ful career, lie left the council with e. good I record, and the large experience gained in respect lo municipal finance and business j matters generally should prove of great I advantage to hiln in his new sphere, in , which he has the good wishes of all who I know hiin. J Cfffiiosirr huntkbs and lovers of the element of ghastii&css; will be interested ' in learning that tbe villa in Andrcw-strcet, Wiudgor, which Deeming made historical, : is in tbe market for sale in consequence of the demise of the owner, Mr. John Stam ford. .The architecture of the villa is familiar to tbe eye all over tbe world, as the result of journalistic enterprise, and ! not the leaet of the many attractions which . the auctioneer will be able to dilate upon j will be tbe interesting fact that the most ; ghastly murder on record was perpetrated I within tbe walls of the villa. ' Mn. Cbablbb Whits, a gentleman well and favourably known in local evangelical i circles, is nt present conducting r series ol Sunday evening Bible Expositions at the Prahran Mechanics' Institute, where a goodly number of persons assemble in res- , uonse to the cordial wclcomc given in the { handbills announcing the meetings. In very earnest and simple ' language JJr, , White deals with a variety of biblical' truths to the cvidentpleasure of his hearers, and no doubt the various subjects em braced in tbe syllabus will attract con siderable interest as the addresses proceed. The subject for to- morrow evening is I ' Redemption. Apart from any otber | good which may result from these services, j the fact of the Prahran Mechanics1 Insti- ! ?cure ueJug used for some usefnf nub) fa-] .purpose lamgnjy saueractory, and if Mr. ! vVhite, who, hy the way, is jn no way con nected with his namesake of Working Men's Institute ilk, can induce tbe com mittee to step up to the penitent form, our I joy will be complete, in the hope that the benefits 'derived by their conversion will extend to the institute itself. Another victim to the death -trap at ' the St. Kilda station, Mr. William Husden, of Moonee Ponds, who got out of tbe wrong 'side'rt the train onAVednesday night, was run ever by the engine as it returned from shunting, and received injuries necessitat ing tho amputation of tbe leg. Like many , other arrangements on the railways, that of ' the St. Kilda terminus pre-supposes that all travellers are well acquainted with, the station, taking no acc6unt of the fact' that 1 occasionally a stranger to the placc turns up who does not 'know the ropes.' As 1 travellers to all stations between Melbourne 1 and St. Kilda get out on tbe left hand «idc| I th&presumptionin; the mind of a new comer I tbat that is tbe case at St. Kilda also, and 1 when he alights on tbe narrow platform used by the porters be -dovs not discover bis mistake until the rctarning engine jcomes along and makes mincemeat of him. It is to be hoped that tbe commissioners will take some steps lo. 'prevent a recur rence of these lamentable and needless ac cidents. This latest jlocai* insolvency is tbat of Carter Henry Godfrey, fancy goods dealer, of 10S C'bnpel-slreet, Winder, whose lia biUties amouat to £269 17s. 4d., and his assets £215— leaviag a deficiency of £154 17s. 4d. This individual has bad varied experiences during his career amongst us Some two years ago the fire»fi*nd played |iiia a nasty trick by burning him out. }Laler on he jvas unfortunate enough to be jcome the accused in -connection with an alleged assault, upon a little four-yoyoM . £:rl.- He was committed for tri jl by tbe iprahvan Bench, bot the mother of the child, who was the chief witness in tbe case, suddenly lost her reason, and tbe charge was withdrawn by the police, Since then he has continued to trade in Chapel street and with the result above-staled. The Victobia Gabdeks area Charming pleasure resort for. the citizens of Prahran, and in order to give a P. W.A. (the Bev. W. Morley will understand tbe initials) to the citiaens therein on the Queen's Birthday, tbe mayor has very kindly arranged for the Melbourne Brass Banji to play ibere doting the afternoon, under tbe conductor ship of Mr. IS, Code. So. that those of our -citiacQB, who, through tho reconstruction of fhc bank6, or other causes, will be com pel Jed to spend the holiday at home, will aerive 'edme pleasure ias the result of the mayor's tliougbtfulncss and generosity. 1 The band will render -the following pro* gramme Grand contest march, ' Palmer House' ; , 'valse,' ''-Ease of Kugtand,' j? selection, ' Norma' .j cornet solo. ' Trilone' folka'; selection (Scotch), 'Fair Maid of : 'ertb '; valse, Sunshine and shadow ; 11 quadrille, 'The garden party'; slow1 march, .'The advance £fifrd?'} 'Godsave the Queen.' \ ? ? ? Oob Gallbby of Pobtbaits witnesses a sew departure to-day. But as we have lately been so much interested in spirits it is not v/oadetfal that we should have : conjured up the shade of William' Caxton, tbe father of English printing, -whose birth day we celebrate. The portrait is not by friend Yeoman this time ; ao one will be more surprised than Mr. Caxton, if he takes up the paper .this, morning r-they do read newspapers in^jhe other world according to his portrait in jt ; and ^t^ffiuwrgrtwdy unfair if anybody asserts Hh'at we' shall fecud him 'in' 4 little til! for tbe advertisement we give the founder of the trade. . , , Tbe new vibe station in Albert -street, Windsor, was formally opened on . Thursday evening, though the celebration was inter fered with by a large fire at South Mel-'' bourne. 'At* the invitation of Mr. K. 8. Watson, chairman of tho Fire Brigades' fioatd,! a large number ofr- representative men were present, ifl «rh«e presence the bonding was declutf^peu, and a number of congratulatory speeches followed, in , which the question of expenditure, which has been fiercely debated, was discussed. -jA full report will appear in cur issue of Wednesday next. ? T&fi; SB -OPENING of the South Yarra felmohgery^lt still 'audecided. At 'Moo day,sffleetiag^o£^lhej-jsbmacoancll -a clause of tbe health committee's report stated tbat Mr. Waogb was io present full plans andBpecificationsof tbeproposediai prorements at tbe next meetln^, of f^be^. health committee, having failed ytoidbrso* at the last oue, Cr, Turner explsiined tiiat the council^aa done everything that ibey. could toge^on'iwithout delay, aun^that the delay had.^iot^'b^en on the part of the council, but flu de part of those interested, ' who bad tailed to provide tbe particulars and information asked for. If this we're done at 'the xnext meeting of ihe -health committee, and the proposals were satis-' factory, they would report at once. - , The mayor .stated in corroboration that' Mr. 4Vaugh bad onlyprescnted plans with very .alight Specifications, And when full infor jnation was -given, and a proper- gnarantee that Jthere would not 4-e -e nuisance, tbe council ^ woa^d grant .the ^request. At .a later'istagc of the ' ineetiog^Cf.'; Piillfirt motion do rewind the resolution closing the works was tarried, but a' conti&gen; t'motion to giant permission to open the works^was withdrawn after considerable discussion, as being unnecessary in case the health com mittce made a favourable report, Spobtixg jtemb. The Mount Erica F.C, play the Palmer (Richmond) Club to day at Fawkner Park* and members and supporters are urged to roll up early, Tbe Prahran 6tarsplay the Riversdalc at Moont-e Ponds. Tbe local boys go by van leaving the Prahran Town-hall at 1.45. p.m. 