Át the Crossing. I A SERMON BY BEY. DE. TALMAQE. I And tho priests that bare tho ark of the covenant «f the Lord stood firm on di y ground in tho midst of the Jondan. and all the Israoiito passed over on dry ground, until all tho yeopio were passed clean over Jordan."-JOSHUA iii. 17. Washington crossed the Delaware when cross ing was pronounced impossible, but he did it by boat. Xerxes crossed the Hellespont with 2,000,000 of men, but he did it by bridge. The Israelites crossed over the JEtdd Sea ; but tho same orchestra that celebrated the deliverance of the one army also eo»nded tho strangulation of the other. This Jordanie passage differs from all. There was no sacrifice of human life-not so much aB th« IOBS of a linchpin. The vanguard of the hodt, made np of priests, advanced until they put their foot at tho brim of tho river, when immedi ately the bed of the river dried up. It WBQ as if ali the water had been drawn off, and then the dampness had been toaked up, and then by a towoi the road had been wiped dry. Yonder ^oea A GREAT AKMY OP ISRAELIT1ES, the hosts in uniform j following them the wive3, the children, the flocks, tho herds. The people look up at the crystalline wall of tho. Jordan aa they pate, and think what an awful disastor would como to them, if, nefore they got to the opposite bank of that Ajalon wall, that wall should fall on them j and the thought makes the mothers hug their children close to their hearts aa they swiften their pace. Quick, now, get them all up on the banks, the armed warrior**, the WÍVOB and chil dren, tho flocks and herds, and let this wonderful Jordanie passage be completed for ever. Sitting on the shelved limestone, I look off upon that Jo. dan whore Joshua crossed under the triumphal arch of tho lainbow woven out of the spray ; the river which afterward became the bap tistry where Christ was sprinkled or plunged; the river where the axe-the borrowed axe - miraculously swam at the prophet's 0 dor; tho river illustrious in the history of the world for heroic faith and omni potent deliverance, and typical of scenes yet to transpire in your life and mine-scenes enough to mako ua from the sole of the foot to t;Jie crown of the head, tingle with infinite gladness. Standing on the scene of that affrighted, fugi tive River Jordan, I learn for myself and for you, first, that obstacles, when they are touched, vanish. The text says that when these priests came down and touched the water-the edge of the water with their feet-the water parted. They did not wade in shin deep, or waist deep, or knee deep, or ankle deep, but as soon as their feet touched the water it vanished. And it makes me think that almost all the obstacles of life need only be approached in order to be conquered. DIFFICULTIES BUT TOUCHED VANISH. It ia the trouble, the difficulty, the obstacle far in the distance that eeems so huge and tremen dous. The apostles Faul and John seemed to dis liko cross dogs ; for the apostle Paul tells us in Philippians, "Beware of dogst" and John seems to shut the gate of heaven against all the canine species when he says, *. Without are do:?a." But 1 have been told that when those animals are furious, if they como at you. if you will keep your eye on themand advance upon them, thoy will re treat. Whether that be BO or not, I cannot tell; but I di know that the vast majority of the mis fortunes and trials and disasters of your life that hound your steps, if you can only get your eye on them, and keep your eye on them, and advance upon them, and cry .* Begone," they will slink and cower and hide away. There ia a beautiful tradition among the American Indians that Manitou was travelling in the invisible world, and one day he came to a bar rier of brambles and sharp thorns, which forbade his going OD, and there was a wild beast glaring at him from the thicket ; but, as he determined fcc go on his way, he did pursue it, and those brambles were found to be only phantoms, and that boast wan found to be a powerless ghost, and tho impassable river that forbade him rushing to embrace the Yaratilda proved to be only apham tom river. Well, my friends, the fact is there are a great many things that look terrible across our pathway, which, when we advance upon them, are only the phantoms, onlv the apparitions, only the delusions of life. Difficulties touched are conquered. Pat your feet into tho brim of the water, and Jordan retreats. You sometimos soe a GREAT DUTY YOU OUGHT TO PERFORM, It ie a very disagreeable duty. You say, " I can't; go through it ; I haven't the comale, I haven't the intelligence, to go through it." Advance upon it, Jordan will vanish. I allays nigh before I begin to preach, at the greatness of the undertaking, but as soon as I start it becomes to me an exhilaration. And any duty undertaken with a confident spirit becomes a pleasure, and tho higher the duty the higher the pleasure There are a great rann/ people who are afraid of death in the f uture, ^nod John Livingstone.once, on a sloop comin from Eliza bothporfc to Now York, waa dreadfully frightened becRURe ho thought lie '.vas going to be drowned as a sudden gust carno up. People wera surprised at him. If any man in ail th« world was ready to die, it was good John Livings; one. So there are now a great many good propio who shudder in pas-ing a graveyard, and they hardly dare think of Canaan because of the Jordan that intervenes : but once they are down on a eick-bed, then all their fears are gone; the waters of death dashing on tho beach are like the mellow voice of ocean shells they einell of tho blossoms of the tree of life; tha music of the heavenly choira comea stealing over the waters, and to croea now is only a pleasant sail. How long the boat ia coming ! Como, Lord Jesus, come quickly. Christ the Priest advances ahead, and the dying Christian i;oo3 over dry-shod on coral beds, and flowers of heaven, and paths of pearl. Oh, could wo make our doubts remove Those gloomy fears that riso, And view the Canaan that wo love With unbeclouded eyes 1 Could wo but climb whore Moses stood, And viow the landscape o'er, JtTot Jordan's stro;im, nor death's cold Hood, Could fright ns from the shore. Again, tliia Jordanie paseare teaches me the completeness of EVERYTHING THAT GOD DOES. "When God put an invisible dam across Jordan, and it waa halted, it would have been natural, you would have supposed, for the water to have ovetflowed the region all arou-nd about, and that great devaa ration would have taken place. Bat when God pu. the dam in front of tho river ho put a dam on the other aide o£ the river, BO that, according to the text, the water halted and reared and stood there, not overflowing the sur rounding country. Oh, the completeness of every thing that God does ! One would have thought that, if tho waters of Jordan had dropped until they were only 2ft ox 3it deep, the Israelites might have marched through it, and have come up on the other bank with their clothes saturated and their garments like those of men coining aahore from shipwreck, and that would have been aa wonderful a deliver ance ; but God doe8 something better than that. When the priests' feet touched the waters of Jordan and they were drawn off, they might have thought there would have been a bed of mud and . oliino through which the army should pass. Draw off the water of the Hudson or tha Ohio, and there would be a good many days, and perhaps many weeks, before the sediment would dry up, and yet heie in an instant immediately God provides a PATH THROUGH THE DEPTHS OF JORDAN; it is so dry, the passengers do not even get their feet damp. Oh, the completeness of every thing that God does. Does he make a universe ?-it is a perfect clock, running ever since it was wound up, the fixed stars the pivots, the constellations, the intermoving wheels, and ponderous laws, the weights and mighty swinging pendulum; the stars in tba great dome of night, striking tho midnight, and the sun with brazen tongue, tolling the hour of noon. The wildest comet has a chain of law that it cannot break. The thistledown flying before the schoolboy's breath is controlled by the samo law that controls tho sun and the planets. Thu rose-bush in your window is governed by tho same principle that governs the tree of the uni verse on which the stars are ripening fruto, and on which God will one day put his hand and shake down the fruit-a perfect universe. No astronomy has ever proposed an amendment. If God makes a Bible, it ia a complete Bible. Standing amid the dreadful and delightful truth?, you seem to ba in the midst of an orchestra where tue wailinga over sins, and the rejoicings over pardon, and the martial strains of victory make the chorus like an anthem of eternity. This book seems to you THE OCEAN OF TRUTH on every wave of which Christ walks-sometimes in the darkness of prophecy, again the splendors with which ho walks on Galilee. In thia book, apostle answers to prophet, Paul to Isaiah, Reve lation to Genesis-glorious light turning mid- - night sorrow into the midnoon joy, dispersing every fog, hushiug every tempest. Take this book, it is tho kiss of God on the soul of lost man. Perfect Biblo, complete Bible ! No man has eva? proposed any improvement. God provided a Saviour. He ia a completa Saviour - God-man - Divinity and humanity united in the same parson. He set up the starry pillars of tho universe and tito towers of light, He planted the cedars and the heavenly Lebanon. He struck out of tho rook the rivers of life, sing ing under tho trees, singing under the thrones. He quarried tho sardonys and crystal, and tho topaz of the heavenly wall. H» put down tha jasper for the foundation, and heaped up tho amethyst for the capital, and swung the 12 gates which are 12 pearla He thought out a universe; and yet he became a child crying foi his mother feeling along the »ides of tho manger, i, learning to walk. Omnipotenca sheathed in tho muscle and flesh of a child'8 arm; omniscience strung in the optic nerve of «4child's eye; infinito love beating in a child's heart, the great GOD APPEARING IN THE FORM OF A CHILD. While ali the heavens were ascribing to bim glory and honor and power on earth, men said, " Whc is thiB fellow ?" While all the heavenly hostfl, with folded winp1 about their faces, bowed down before him, crying, Holy, holy ! " on earth they denounced him as a blasphemer and a sot. Rocked in a boat on Ganneearet, and yet he it is that undirked the lightning *rom the svorm-cloud, and dismasted Labanou of ita forests, and holds the five oceans on the too of his finger, aa a leaf holds the dewdrop. Oh, the complete Saviour, rubbing his hand, over the place whore we have the pain, yet the stars of heaven the adorning gems of his right hand. Holding us in hiB arms when'we take our last view of our dead. Sitting down with U3 on tha tombstone, and while we plant roses there, he planting consolation in our heart, every chapter a staik, every verse a 6tf»m, every word a rose. A ccmph- to Saviour, a complete Bible, a complete uni verse, a complete Jordanie passage. Everything that God do63 is complote. (TO BE CONCLUDER.) Oar Presbyterian contemporary devotes its leading article to Theosophy and pays " ita doc trine^ a-e a crude mixture of ancient mystical fancies, modern spookolocry, barefaced impostures, and lies, hu,,e, gross, and palpable." 