THE BIBLE ABOUT ITSELF. We turn to the book itself. First of all, it is treated as a whole by Christ and His Apostles as having a well-known and specific character. " The Scripture can not be broken" (John r. SB). "Then opened He their understanding, thai they might understand tbe Scriptures" (Luke xxiv. 45). " Search the Scriptures " (John y. 39). They were a recognized collection which the Lord owned ; and, yet more precisely, owned as we have them how and the Jews had them then. " All thingsmust be fulfilled which were written in the Law of Moses, and in the Prophets and in 'the Psalms, concerning Me " (Lnke ziav. 44). Here is the Torah, Nehiim, I Ketubim, — the three divisions which the Jews distinguish' by the Gradus Mosaicus, Gradus Propheticus, and the authorized by jVum. xii. 6-8 ; the latter human, in which their idea is that the writer, though piied, expressed the sentiments anim ating his own mind, not knowing that all that was contained in it was the mind of the Holy Ghost, which is doubtless tmie often in such books as the Psalms. Christ owned, then, what we call the Old Testament, and owned it as we and the. Jews have it. But He goes further ; He owns them according to their present characters and authors. " Did not Moses give yon the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law ? " (John vii. 19.) " Moses, therefore, gave you circumeision, not because, it is of Moses, but of the fethers" (v. 22). " There is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye tnxBt I for had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed Me ; for -he wrote of Me,. But if ye believe not his writings, nqw'shall ye believe My' words ? " (John T, 4547.) " If he called them gods, unto whom theiord 'of G-cd came, and the Scripture cannot he broken " (John x. 35). This allnd to the judges being called Elohim m Hebrew ; they shall bring him to. the '-' Judges" being very commonly gpd or gods. " Abraham said imtp .him, They have Moses and the let tbem hear them. And he BMdNTay, father Abraham; but if one went nnto them from the dead, they will 8 unto him, H they Moses and the "prophets, neither SIn tbongh one rose .m.thedead ' (Luke xvi 29:31). How e It has been with these poor Jews and these unhappy infidels ! Christianity and the resurrection of the Lord are of no avail if Moses and the' prophets are not believed, and believed in their writings, for surely they had them. ."He wrote of Me. If ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe My words ? " Remark further, here, that Septuagint translations, the " Compiler's " additions and all that these speculators allege, were there then the same as now, the 'same collection, the collection as we have it ; and Christ owned and insisted on the authority of that, and that as being Moses writings. But further, after His resurrection, not even when dealing with Jews who owned them, but of and from Himself for His disciples, the risen Lord, " beginning at Moses and all the prophets, expounded to them in all the Scriptures the things con cerning Himself" (Luke xxiv. 27). Think of the risen Christ expounding to His disciples a set of ill-compiled and contradictory old documents, pretended to be Moses and the prophets ! But this is not all. They will say perhaps — for what will the folly of learned infidelity not say ? — they were only the things concerning Himself which He selected. " These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled which were writ ten in the law of Moses, and in the Prophets, and in the Psalms, concerning me. Then opened He their understand ing that they might understand the Scriptures, and said unto them, thus it is written." Ah ! the written word is what He valued. Only just think of the risen Lord opening with divine power His disciples' understanding to understand a spurious compilation professing to be written by Moses and others ! That He should do so that we might understand the Divine Word we can well conceive, and, if taught of God, we know the need of it; but to do it for an imposition, pretending to be what it is n'ot, an infidel speculator alone would believe. But the " unjust knoweth no shame." Again, the Lord recognizes the prophets as we have seen, and specifies the one most called in qaestion, Daniel, — "The abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet." The reading is called in question in Mark, bub not in Matthew, and the reading in Mark con firms the genuineness in Matthew ; and, further. He recognizes the commandments as given by Moses to he spoken by God, " Eor God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother " (Matt. xv. 4) ; and again, Isaliah (v. 7,) " Well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying." This is in the first part. Bnt He takes up also the second part of the "Great Unnamed." " There was.delivered to JHim the book of the -prophet Esaias. And when He had opened the hook, He found the place where it was written (ah! that is the word), The Spirit of the Lord is upon me. . . And He began to say unto them, This day is this Scripture fulfilled in your ears" (Luke iv. 17 21). He was content to accept it as Isaiah, and affirms, what is of far more importance, and only really so, that it was of God Hiinself. In the same chapter He authenticates the book of Kings and the history of Elijah and Elisba. He indi rectly authenticates again the last part of Isaiah (Luke vii. 27) in the prophecy of John Baptist (Isa. xh 3). I need hardly quote more passages. The diEcourses, life, and outgoings of the Lord's soul, thongli going necessarily far b.eyond it,' and shewing it was to be set aside, as under the old covenant, for the accomplishment of far more' glorious counsels, that the law and the prophets were until John, since then the kingdom of heaven was, preached,— the whole dis courses arid Hfe of Jesus, I repeat, if the Gospels he read in simplicity of heart, will be found interwoven with the truth of the law and the iprophets as they are presented to us in ordinary Bibles, authenticating them as they are, so that you must tear away all the revelation of Christ in them to remove the authority 6f the law and the prophets. He did not come to destroy but to fulfil them. Eulfil whiat? A poor compilation of Ezra's time, or fragmentary documents made up by man, gradually grown up into a law unknown at the beginning?- or ihe word of God given by inspiration to Moses and those whom Jehovah had sent? He was horn in Bethlehem, b.?wu8e by God's will the .prophet bad said BO. He idies, hecause if> not, how then shall the Scriptnrea he fulfilled that thus it must he ? Till heaven and earth passed, not one jot or one tittle would in Bnjwise pass from the law till all be fulfilled; I may turn then to the servants of Christ when He had been rejected, the apostles and writers of the New Testa- ment. The apostles, those authorized and sent by Him to announce Christian truth, and inspired by the Holy Ghost for this service, and the other inspired writers of the New Testament affirm, or, which in a certain aspect is stronger, assume, everywhere that the Old Testa- ment, as we and the Jews (enemies of Christianity, but in this witnesses with it) have it, is an inspired record, written by those to whom it is ascribed, and given of Gdd. I can understand that the Baurs and 3niith8 (who, as rocks that originating nothing, can only repeat a sound, echo them) think themselves more competent to tell ns what Christianify and the truth is, than Christ and His apostles. I have met such, men who did not scruple to say so, though checked somewhat by the scandal so speaking of Christ gave ; I have met them in Europe and in the United States; bnt all are not quite fit for that yet. Such thoughts are soon sunk in the deep sea of lifeless infidelity. Let us inquire then what the apostles or others do say. And first we will take what are called the great epistles of Paul, what Baur takes as the sure ground of historical Christianity. To begin with the Bomans, though chronologically the last of the four. Paul, he tells us, was " separated unto the gospel of God (which He had promised afore by His prophets in the Holy Scriptures), concerning His Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh " (Bom. i. 2, 8). Here, holy Scriptures, holy writings are owned; the prophets are God's prophets ; and the whole system announced by them of the promise to the Seed pf David running through the prophetic writings and Psalms, from Samuel and all the prophets, is fully and clearly ovraed. Paul founds his own teaching on them, adding of course the fact of the resurrection. "What advantage had the Jew'? Much every way, but chiefly what ? — that " unto them were committed the oracles of God " (Bom. iii. 2). Such were these holy writings. The special blessing, and they had many, was that they had the oracles of God. Poor Paul ! to ibe so dark, untaught, as I have heard such say, by modern science. But what was the force of this ? — man's unbelief could not make the faith of God of none effect. These oracles were so thoroughly of God that His faithfulness was involved in them, in making them good. But He shows Jews and Gentiles all under sin. How is that? "It is written" (chap. iii. 10). The Psalms and Isaiah are warrant for the assertion, and as to the text, the " Great Unnamed " has the passage (Isa. lix.). It may be "wearisome to quote so many texts, but they show that it was not merely a quotation to i support a point, but that the apostles lived in, and based their teaching on, what modern rational ists deny. What (Rom. iv.) saith the Scripture ? Abraham believed God, &e.; Here Gene sis is anthenticated 'US the' Scriptnre, the word', of ' God. Next, 'David' describeth the blessedness of the - man. Here the Psalms ate authenticated. Again, in verse 17, it is Genesis xvii."5. Death reigned from Adam to Moses. This was until the law. Here the whole history of Genesis as to the fall of Adam, under a law as to the forbidden fruit : no law till Mo8eB, - btit death - reigning by Adam's fall : then the' law 'being given by Moses, cbanging the ground on which' man stood, not as to sin and death hut as to trans gression, when there was (as in the two ipases of Adam and MpSCs). An actdal-law, is treated notli meryiis a Jehovistic or Elohisticfragmentary Compfiation, but as God's " accbunt- 6f 'tnan's whole moral standing with Hirnself till grace was rejected - in the 'gbsp'el, ' propbesied of indeed; but now 'actually 'meeting man's heed 'as taught -by 'the apostlo' in this epistle, which, precious as it isj it is abt my business to enter into now.' " We pass over some" pAsSaigels. confirma tory of this, use of 'the O'ld '-TesAmentj and stop for a moment at chap. ix. Here Israel are dear to him as having law and promises, and even Christ as concemiing the flesh. But where was all this shewn to be. so when they were a rejected people ? " Not as though the word of God had taken none effect;" and then all the history of Genesis is treated as the woird of God, and the account in Exodus is cited, first, as declaring that God spoke to Moses, and then as to the history of Pharoah. And here it is as Scripture says it. This is. for Paul the same as God saying it. Next, Hosea is cited as the word of God. "_He saith alsp in Osee." " Esaias also crieth," quoted as of the same authority as God speakiug in Osee ; and this estimate of Scripture we shall find uniform. If he quotes the law (chap. X.), " Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law." And here, note, Deuteronomy is quoted as what Moses says. Eor the learned men this is the Deuteronomic law first recogpised by Jeremiah in Josiah's time. Perhaps irqqi the latest hand of all, at least if vf'e are to believe Graf. But further it appears that the " Great Unnamed " was for Paul Isaiah himself, '' For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report ? " (Isa. liii.) Then Deuteronomy -is again quoted as written by Moses, and the " Great Unnamed " again as Esaias, who " is very bold" (Isa. Ixv.)- Then we have the book of Kings authenticated (Rom. xi.) : " God hath not cast away his people." How can I know this is God's mind? "Wot ye not what the Scripture saith of Elias ? . . . But what saith tlxe answer of God unto, him?" We can reckon on the Scripture as, giving us God's mind and purpose. . So if Israel be blinded for a time. " it is written '"(chap, xi. 8), quoting Dent. xxix. And David saith," so the Psalms were' a true testi mony of God to what was going to happen. Again in Bom. xv. 10, we find Deuter onomy quoted as "He": .that is, in the formula of quotation, the Scripture is Gdd speaking. The Psalms ' and- Isaiah hini- self are quoted as the word of God. In Corinthians, a book of church details, the quotations are not sp many, but it- shows that Scripture is taken for granted :aB divine. The law is the law of Moses (chap. iv. 9); and this is God's mind, taken for granted as being so. " Doth God take care for oxen ? " What Moses taught was what God taught. ' The .hib- tory of the Exodus and the wilderness wds God's history of His people, and His dealings with them recorded for iostruc- truction (I Cor. x. 1-14). Again (chap, xi. 9), the creation of Adam and Eve (Gen. ii.) is quoted as a divine account sufficiejoit to build moral duties on. In chap, xv.' . 54, 55, Isaiah and another of the prophets are quoted as fulfilled in resnrrection. ' In 2 Cor. iii. the account of Moses veiling his face is quoted from Exodus as showing the true character of the law, and Israel's state. Galations gives lis the same estimohy Take chap, iii.' . Th e Pentateuchis referred to as a. sure and certain teitiniouy fpr faith, and Scripture spoken of as .God Himself, being'His word. "The ScriptutA foreseeing that God would justify 'the heathen through faith," than whibh nothing can be stronger as to the inspired apostle's estimate of it. Nor is this all. The teaching of Genesis, and promises there iqde.and confirmed (.Gen.. xii., x.) and the 'history of Mqunt Sinai, are taken in their order as. the basis of God's way. A protbise made nniconditionally conld.not be 'disannulled, or modified by aiditioiis 430 years after, and all this' idenrifi'd. with its fuifipient in Christ in due time. The place the law .holds iu God's vvays, and the epoch's of it, are made the hasis of his argument and of the true character of Christianity. ' The promise was what God gave, Christ 'was it fulfilment, the law came in' between, 430 years, after the promise, added because of trangressiops,' till the- Seed should come to whom tliiQ promise was piade. What for the ration alist is an uncertain compilation 'jojf uncertain fragments, the devolopmeht o national life,, is for the inspired. ApostM the orderly fevelarion, as it is givpn' in' our Bibles, of G.ods ways. His ,'awP revelatibri efthem historically, so as to forin the basis of 'the. trne 'chtiractor of Chris;.! tianity whidkcwas in question ainong thb Galatia. ' The accounts of agat aiijil' Sarab' are for bim sure ground to stand upon. Nor bas be ever any other thought. If be answers to king Agrippa, be spoke " none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come." JBinally, we find in 2 Tim. iii. a formal testimony to the holy Scriptures, when the Church should have the form of godliness and deny the power, with the direct declaration that aU Scripture was giyen " by inspiration of God." John gives us the formal testimony that " the law was given by Moses " ; and John the Baptist's declaration, quoting the latter part of Isaiah as being of him and himself the fulfilment of it as a sure prophecy, and of God. " Moses in the Jaw and the prophets did write," is recorded as a known and re ceived truth ; the Psalms equally so. In chap. ii. " the zeal of Thine house hath eaten me up." Moses lifted up the ser- Sent in the wilderness (chap. iii.). What loses gave (the manna) was not the true bread of heaven ; where Exodus and the Psalms are alike authenticated. "It is written in the prophets " is sufficient for the Lord Himself ; not a bone was broken, " that the Scripture should be fulfilled " ; and His side was pierced that " another Scripture" might be fulfilled, quoting Zechariah. " They shall look on Him whom they have pierced " (chap. zix.). Peter on the day of Pentecost rests on the authority of Joel, and of David in Psalm zvii. (Acts ii.). Moses it was who promised the prophet like himself (chap, iii.). Yea, Samuel and all the prophets had spoken of those days, and all the holy prophets are brought in declaring the future blessing that was to come, the heavens receiving Jesus till then. Psalm ii. was being fulfilled (Acts iv. 25). Peter formally declares that the Spirit of Christ was in the prophets, who studied their own prophecies to know what He (i Peter i. ii) did signify in them, and quotes Isaiah, what is " contained in the Scripture," as of sure authority, warrant- ing what was now going on (chap. ii. 6). He accepts the account of the flood in Noah (chap. iii. 20). The Gospel of Matthew, which specially presents Christ to us as the Messiah of the promises, Emmanuel, aud, on His re jection, the substitution of the kingdom in m;stery (chap. xviii.),the Church (chap, xvi.), the kingdom of glory (chap, xvii.), bases, I 'may say, all its statements on the testimonies of the old prophets. Christ is Son of David, Son of Abraham. So numerous are the quotations that we can only notice the formal character of them, and one or two in particular. The formal character is spoken " of the Lord by the prophet," a definite assertion of their true character. He quotes some as giving the events happening, " in order that " the prophecy might be fulfilled ; " so that " there was a fulfilment ; " then," when it is only a case in point. The latter part of Isaiah is " Esaias the prophet." We need hardly quote more from the writers of the New Testament, besides a multitude of allusions in those I have re ferred to, to show that Christ and the roostles accepted the Bible as we have it (I mean the collection of the books of the Old Testament as a whole) as of divine authority, as the word of God, inspired, and of absolute authority with them. It is that by which the Lord overcame Satan, to which Satan resorted to cover his guile. Man had to live by every toord toAieh pro ceeded out of tie mouiA of God. Such is Scripture to the believer by its own intrin sic authority, and the words of Christ and the apostles carry an evidence which no cavils of infidel men can shake, though they \- call themselves Christians; and the auth ority of Christ Himself and of the apostles weighs more than the speculations of men based by each on some new fancy of liis own. 