©rtginal flapm. THE CHRISTIAN MINISTEE'S INTERIOR LIFE AND ? VOCATION. A, Paper read oy the Eev. W. Carey Wabd, M.A., at the Devotional ' Meeting of ilie Melbourne Church Assembly. The minister of Jesus Christ is primarily a Christian man; then a Christian minister. As Vinet says, 'The exercise of the ministry threatens the life of the ministry unless it is sustained from within.' Or, in the language of another, 'A minister's life is the life of his ministry.' In other words,:,* spiritual man alone can commend a spiritual religion, onlyri.gojjly man bring men to God, a Christian man reduce men to the ^obedience of Christ; and familiarity with holy things is far from making a holy man — it tends of itself to officialism and perfunctoriness. NOT THE CLOTH, BUT THE CHAEAOTEB makes a clergyman. Therefore, before a man puts on the clerical cloth he must have put on the Christian character; otherwise he will be a blind leader of the blind; and, says John Bunyan, 'How many souls have blind priests been the means of destroying through their ignorance?' The first ministers of Christ were, in the first place, disciples— men who came to Him, took His yoke, learned of Him— and afterwards apostles commissioned to go and teach the nations. They were witnesses whose testimony was authenticated by their personal experience. 'That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us.' The Saviour they proclaimed was a Saviour who had saved them. They were all men who had struggled with sin, had known its overwhelming power ; each had cried with one of their number, ' O wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me ?' But their deliverer had come, and from being the servants of sin they became the glad bond-slaves of Jesus Christ. Through Him they came to realise the blessedness of peace with God, the renewing grace of the Holy Spirit, the love of God out poured into their hearts. No wonder they gloried in the Gospel as 'the power of God unto salvation.' It had changed their lives; therefore they felt impelled to proclaim it to their fellows. The love manifested -in ^Christ's death constrained them. Christ was all, and in all, toj$ft-2jn£ Personal attachment to their Master was the characteristic of their life both before and after the Ascension. .'Lord, to whom shall we go?' said St. Peter. 'To me to live is Christ,' said St. Paul. The latter's ruling conception of Christianity was a 'life in Christ,' identification with a living person. 'The inner life of Paul was all Christ.' This was the secret of his ministry: 'It is no longer I who live, but Christ who liveth in me.' Such was the interior life of the first Christian ministers. And we of to-day feel that if there is one thing the modern world wants, Australia wants, it is a spiritual ministry. But, as things are, we know only too well that the business of the ministry crowds out its real work. We are muoh more engaged in secular than in distinctly spiritual matters. Thank God for every improvement in Church organisation and Church order ; thank God that the Church is coming to recognise her social mission; thank God for every genuine man devoted to the service of men; but shall ministers of Christ suffer it to be thought that their office exists as a sort of useful moral police, or merely for social improvement ? Nay ! Our commission is in word and deed to proclaim Christ, and Him crucified. If we knew Him better we could not help doing so. ' Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.' And we can only know Him better by walking with Him. Let intense practicality be allied to intense spirituality ; then the ministry will be apostolic once again. It is for want of a close secret walk with God that a ministry is ineffectual. Our labours may be herculean,, but UNLESS . WE ABIDE IN CHBIST we shall not bring forth fruit to God's glory. We, above all other men, need to be continually turning our union with Christ into communion, living at the Fountain Head, that we, receiving out of His fulness grace for grace, may minister grace to others. The clergyman must be a man of God — a man, that is, who realises that he is not his own, but God's man ; one, therefore, with an overwhelming sense of the holiness of his calling. His life is lived unto God whilst it is lived for men. He must have some of that solemn consciousness of God which will impel him to feel with Elijah, 'As the Lord of Hosts liveth before whom I stand.' Private life with God can alone fit him for public life for - God. When he first became a spiritual man his soul came into touch with Christ, and now it is of all importance that he keep in touch with Him hour by hour. For .we can only increase in spiritual power as we increase in spiritual experience, and if we do not grow in grace, what wonder if our ministrations are like stale manna, and the Gospel we preach hard, metallic, and unsatisfying, and, as a consequence, our churches empty? We cannot over- estimate the importance of the minister's interior life ; if he is not energised by God the Holy Ghost, 'strengthened with might by the Spirit in the inner man,' how can his life and words impress ? how can he work that great miracle of drawing men's wills towards Christ? Certainly he may please some with his learning, interest the mind, thrill the imagination, stir the emotions ; but this will not bring the spiritually dead to life, it will not subdue men to Christ's service : * it may only be a hindrance to the working of God the Holy Ghost. The very idea of our office is that we are instruments of the Holy Ghost ; if we ourselves are not holy, how can we be His instruments ? We are set apart as mankind's ministers. Do we not need to continually recall, and, as we recall, to make our own, those words of the Master, 'For their sakes I sanctify myself' ? Our first aim must be personal sanctity, separation from self unto God for men. The trite minister, like his Master, is therefore a man of prayer, and a man of the Word ; one often speaking to God, often listening to God.. He remembers that on the busiest days Christ made time for prayer, and that He taught His first disciples the secret of spiritual- power in the words, ' This sort goeth hot out but by prayer.' He remembers, too, that the Holy Ghost works upon him, and through him upon others, by the Word of God, the sword of , the Spirit. He is therefore a DILIGENT STUDENT of Holy Scripture. Surely we, before all others, need to read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest if we are to minister spiritual meat to the souls of others. In fine, therefore, and to leave this part of the subject, the inner man must be illuminated and dominated by the sense of Christ's love and presence; then the minister's life will be real and consistent, for this alone is the secret of perseverance in well-doing, the safeguard against ?weariness and indolence: . The interior life of the minister being what it should be, and may be, what is his vocation ? The ordination charge, quoted at the head of the paper, reminds us that our commission is that of messengers, watchmen, stewards — messengers to hand on, not to invent, our message— stewards, for to us are committed the oracles of God — watchmen, for it is ours to warn against error and spiritual danger; We are messengers charged with a message from heaven to the souls of men. We must, therefore, know pur message. Some little time ago, a schoolmaster in London, who had taken orders, was left in charge of a friend's church. He was summoned to a dying man ; white and agitated, he hurried to a neighbouring clergyman, and entreated him to tell him what to say. What a horrible farce ! What ? utter drudgery our high and holy calling must be to ministers of the Gospel who know no Gospel; to ministers of Christ whose lives are Christless ! ? . As messengers we are Christ's witnesses. We remember St. Paul's commission, 'I have appeared unto thee for this purpose^to make thee a minister and a witness, both of those things which thou hast seen, and of those things wherein I will appear unto thee:' We may not all be brilliant, or extremely learned, but if we have ourselves met the Lord, we may be His witnesses, and deliver our testimony with some of St. Paul's assuredness — 'I know whom I have believed.' And does not this age of doubt and mental disquietude need men who will thus testify of a living Saviour whom they have found to be the light of their life? This witness-character of our office must appear, top, in our lives. We are the Lord's deputies and representatives. Our Master is judged by His servants. Christlike men are the most convincing proof to the world of the truth of Christianity. Men expect the messenger to recommend his message. Yes, we are messengers— men sent by God. We are not, therefore, in the first place, orators, philosophers, or philanthropists; we are, in the first place, God's couriers — God's messengers — and, as such, to be lost in our message ; and the subject of that message is God revealed in Christ — a full Christ, incarnate, atoning, ascended, coming — a Christ living and present, who cares for men, and is willing to succour them ; and the object of our preaching is men's salvation — salvation in the fullest sense. And we are messengers in a particular character — that of ambas sadors ; and our embassy is a treaty of peace from God to man. It is our blessed privilege and solemn responsibility to beseech men, in Christ's stead, to. be reconciled to God, and we cannot do this unless we ourselves are reconciled, at peace with God. Our embassy is also a love treaty, and to negotiate this aright, how we need to keep our selves in the love of God. ' Is it the fault of the messengers that vital Christianity is so terribly wanting ? It is the mission of Christianity to leaven hie through and through; yet, what a spectacle do the cities of Christendom present. Pagan impurity prevails; commercial dishonour is rife; and what a fraction of the community observe even the outward forms of religion, whilst thousands are given over to secularism or 'utter indifference. 'The truth is,' says someone, 'that in spite of the fact that the nations are baptised in the name of Christ, heathenism has still the control of much of their life, and it would be hardly too much to say that the mission of Christianity is still only beginning.' What the world wants to-day is apostolic men; men who are in truth God's messengers— every one. a missionary to his fellow-men. This is what we feel secular Victoria wants. We pray that the foundations of this growing community may be righteousness, truth, and godliness, and then recall those words of Hooker, 'Eeligion without the help. of a spiritual ministry is unable to plant itself.' And, therefore, we feel that it is laid on us as a burden to pray unceasingly that we-may be God's effectual messengers to this people — His apostles, ambassadors, missionaries. A Again, we are watchmen. We occupy a position of elevation and observation. It is ours to watch over the weal of the city of God, to detect danger, whether from within or without. We are charged to 'banish and drive away strange doctrine.' The proclamation of positive truth, with the clearness of a trumpet blast, is our duty as watchmen. The ignorance of truth amongst those to whom we minister is appalling, and mere selfish utilitarianism is too often the standard of life and morals; and though it has become usual to deny doctrine, almost any and every doctrine is received. The spiritual watchman has to warn those without the city of their, dangerous position, and to arouse those within. He watches, for men's souls as one who. will give account. . . The watchman's office concerned the welfare of the community, rather than that of the individual. He warned the nation against public sin and its consequences ; and our vocation inoludes a message to the community. We have to Eft up our voices against evil customs and unjust laws. We have to assert the religious basis of civil life, and to proclaim that righteousness as between man and man, class and class, is the true. life of the' State. Bishop Westcott said that the social question is the question which the Christianity of the present day has to solve. With those spiritual watchmen, the prophets of old, we seek to arouse public spirit, patriotism, good citizenship, and to teach that philanthropy, in its fullest sense, is the duty of all. Christians. . And as a watchman how important is the minister's own self - watch. What will happen if the watchman falls asleep, neglects his post, fails to give warning, whether to the individual or the com munity? Again, we are stewards. And this figure seems to point particularly to our pastoral office. A steward is a man of business. We ministers are more independent than other men. We have NO OFFICE HOUBS. It is possible for a clergyman to be the most lazy and dilatory of men, and to fritter his time away. But we are stewards entrusted with our Master's business, and 'in a steward it is required that a man be found faithful;' therefore we feel that our time is not our own, but to be spent in purchasing the opportunity. The steward is in charge of an estate. So spiritual stewards are entrusted with the cure of souls; it is theirs to dispense the provisions of their Lord's household, to give the Lord's servants their meat iri due season. And it is sometimes forgotten that the Church exists to perfect Christian character — for the building-up of the body of Christ. Hence the importance of sufficient instruction, and the due ministration of every Church ordinance, and the prominent setting forth of the means of grace. We have a treasure committed to us, and we are so to dispense it that men may see that there is no need of theirs, spiritual or practical, which is not taken into account by the one catholic religion. The wise steward will know how to adapt the old form of message to the needs of the present day. It is ours to hand in the precious deposit committed to us unmutilated — to preach, not a one- sided Gospel, but the whole counsel of God — to appeal sometimes to the conscience and the sense of duty; sometimes to the imagina tion, and then to set forth Christ's power to satisfy every aspiration; sometimes to the spirit, and then, to proclaim Christ as the Revelation of God — the way, the truth, and the life; sometimes to the experience of moral failure, and then to preach Christ as the Saviour from the : power of sin ; sometimes to the aspirations, and then to set Him forth as Lawgiver, Example, Enabler ; and to unfold the ethical precepts of the Gospel, often to the heart, and then to preach the Atonement, and the boundless love of the Incarnation. The faithful and wise steward, in_a word, will appeal to the whole man, giving out of his treasure things new and .old, and using every means whereby the Master of the houBe may be honoured, ministering at all times as one who shall one day give account of his stewardship. : , The time allotted for this paper is more than spent. ; What I have said is a very inadequate and scanty review of a great. subject. ,It has in no sense been intended as an exhortation It is but an expression out of the fulness of a heart burdened with a sense of the overwhelm ing importance of our ministerial life and vocation, more particularly to the, community in which our lot is cast. 