ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. ra\\-r-m _nnr fiwn Corresrjondent.l London. Julv 21. Mr. BursojiJe, taa Australian wins merchant,' has; arrived here in a scolding Bptrit about South Australian wine masters. &uiA; ^uifra/tiTi KeyuUr, who employed Mr. Symoa, so avers ilr. Burgoyne, to write him down while thera. Mr. Bimroyne hu never been distinguished for tact or control of his temper, and certainly neither appear to have been much benefited by his trip to Aus tralia. He i3 candour itself about the poor opinion he holds respecting douth Australians generally, and a*s aa instance of the vindictive epiriE he is showing he actually took the trouble to show me an article which he had cub out of the Melbourne Argus, and whose sole merits or otherwise were that is attempted to belittle Adelaide. All this is \x-ry small, and even if Mr. Burjroyse has been subjected to severe erit?cLs:n in Aussmiia he ousrufc to re member than he owes his whole prosperity in life to the backing which he gob from South Australians. Mr. Martin, of. Messrs. D. & W. Murray, informs me that lie is receiving large orders for Australian wine from Manchester and* BirmiDKham. ilr. Lanyon, son of the London representa 'tive of Slessra. Harris, Scarf e, & Co,, has written home saying th-ic of all the colonies ho baa visited he giv^s ths preference to South Australia. Mr. W. R. Wilson, the late Chairman of the Broken Hill aline, is still very ill, and a 'nurse u in constant attendance upon him. Tie rheumatism from wbich. ha has been Buffering has settled in the throat. Mr. J. T. Turnteli 13 still on the sick lisb, but if there is any consolation in the com panionshio of friends Mr. Turnbuli has it, for ho has innumerable callers. Eishop Barry, late of Sydney, seems never to 'miss an opportunity of meeting the Queen, and has become quite a courtier. ^ The Bishop was among those presoct at the late operatic performance at Wicdsor. Mrs. Barry was also there. Sir Charles Gavan DuUy'a autobiography is still delayed by hia indisposition, and he has now been ordered to Germany for a month by the doctors. Mr. Samuel Jones, better known on the stage aa '' Hugh Dempsey,' at one time a pro fessional muaic hall visitor to Australia, haa jest obtained £250 damages from another theatrical gentleman and a divorce from his wife, known to the public as ' Lillie Laurel,' who appears also to have been in Australia. In cross-examination the petitioner denied that he was cruel to hia Wife, though, a8 Melbourne, he admitted that he took her theatrical clothes away from her, _ as they had a dispute about a theatrical engagement. He also said that although she had £5 a week she had to pawn her diamonds, as she was an extravagant woman. Loud laughter hailed dw elicitacion of the face that the paiisioner had known her to have seven hats in three werks. They were net tiieatrioal hats, but ordinary ones. Mr. and 3Mrs. John riekev.-ell are still stay ing at the Langham HoreL Aa I said som6 time back Lord Rosebery wsa cooling about the Imperial Federation Leagne, and now a committee is sitting upon the almost cold corpse of the League to con sider what is to be done. It is not likely that there will ba even reconstruction. Tha Times Eaya of this almost defunct organization : — 'The League has for the pass nine years been engaged in advocating an ab Btraca idea — the federation of the Empire. This year it has formulated its objecia in con crete t)roposals for a combination for the defence of common interests. It will not bo sunsrisins if a non-party and widely inclusive organization well suited to the first phase of the movement should prove unlit to carry it further into the second and more polemical stage. It is probable thai should the League ba dissolved its journal will bo maintained, perhaps on somewhat nsodiSed Iine3. The League may certainly take credit for having done mnch to foster, if not to create, the senti ment which now widely prevail throughout the Empire — that, on some basis or another, It ia for the interests of all its parts thai they should noi only remain uniftsd as they are, bun if possible oe drawn more closely together.' Sir John Bray, who is going away for his holiday soon, was down as Lord Jersey's garden party at Ustc-rlftv Park, Iaut Saturday. Mr. B. L. JTarjeon, tho wall-known novelist and formerly a New ZeaLand journalist, is about to publish a new nova!, which he calls 'Aaron, the Jew.' Previous to the publica tion of this work in September Mr. Farjeon ?will bring out a small book called 'The Last Tenant,' in which th«* leading but unsubstan tial character will be a ghost. Mr. A. J. Wilson appe&ra; to be indefatig able in hia pessimistic assertions about) the -colonies. In his recent venture, 'Plain Advica abuuD Life Assurance,' he has a dig at the British Life Assur ance Compmie», which have lent some thing like £15,000,01)0 amongst them on Australian securiiit*. *' Look well' (says the City Editor of the Standard) 'to the kiud of investments a Company possesses before taking a life policy from it. If it has large Bums laid ous on land in the colonies, or deposited with colonial Banks, or placed in railway ordinary stocks, or in any but rirat class American railroad bonds, avoid that Company, for the present at least, no matter -what its apparent strength may be. Long before another year has elapsed it i3 more than probable that some of these Companies — wo forbear naming them here^will have to con fess that their ' bonus additions' bavo either ?vanished altogether cr been cruelly reduced by what they have loss in the Australian Bank smashes alone. ' Mr. Kent, of Messrs. Good, Toms, & Co., has recently written a letter to the London daily papera urging the British farmer, as the cereal crops are so bad, that he should out them, and sell them for hay, as undoubtedly this would be a more proatable transaction than lettinsr things go on in their usual course. Mr. Tweedie has vrritten orer here that there is not a single empty house in Adelaide. This :s cood news indeed. Mr. Ware, cht* Adelaide brewpr, has bet»n spending the week with the cricketers. Mr. ilenry Dutton is at prweiis touring in England ge«ingthe eights. H-» hri3 put his son to Lancing College, aa he could uou get him into Eton or Harror/, hs being over the age fur admission. Jupiter Pluvius was friendly to Australia in the recent All- England criukf-c match, causing a draw, for it is doubtful if the present Aus tralian team could have scored a victory over their home opponents. la th-i three days tha receipts as the gate amounted to aBous £1.420, of which sum the Australian? took one-half. There wsa aa unpleasant incident yesterday at Taunton in connection with th(* match with Somersetshire. It was announced in the morn ing that owing to the state or' tbo wicket there would ba no play. The cnblic wanted the game to proceed, but the umpires adhered to their decision, and so most of th«- members of the Australian team determined to have a picnic, and at 1 o'clock they left the town in a largo bra'ce for the Qaantoeh Hills, bc- ing much hooted by a large crowd as they drove through the streets. The crowd, who had paid their money to see the match, loudly protested against the delay in playing, and at 2 o'clock the umpires inspected the wicket, and decided that it was tit to play upon. A man on horse back was sent to find the Australians, who eventually arrived on the ground at 4 o'clock, when they were received with loud groans. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge is engaged on s memoir of his brother, the lite Father Henry James Coleridge. Durinc thvj Tiehborne trial the Lord Chief Justice, who wasthen Solicitor GeneraL, led for the defence, and the Claimant beine pressed hard thus replied to a question : — ' Yon appear to be very innocent just now. Considering that your brother is a Jesuit you inU't know.'' To which the Solicitor-General replied : — ' I can answer for my sins : I do not kuow that I am bound to submit to this kind of thing. I have the highest love, regard, and venararioh for my brother.' At BL-»lfV this week the Duke of Cambridge, as Cotnmander-in-Chief, inspected the com peting volunteer teams, including the Cana dians and that from the Cape. After inspect ing the ranks the Duke reined up facing the parade, and addressing the men said he wa3 well satisfied to acuin have an opportunity of asrain inspecting them at a Bisley meeting. He was afraid that the weather had not been all that could be desired, but believed, never theless, that the shooting had bef=n good. It ?was a very gratifying thin?, indeed, for him to meet from all parts of the world cnicera and men wearing Her Majesty's uniform. It showed a very proper feelins and a desire to prove to the world in sr^npral that the whole forces of tho British Empire, from whatever distant part th-»y cam.-1, wnre desirous of keep ing up their efficiency and of showing at the same time they were ready and willing, as he was convinced they werf- if neccesity should arise, to come forward in tut* interests of Her Majesty and of the country, and in defence of their old and natural and Ippicimate rights. The old Dolce told the men they were a fine body, and he hoped they wnuld gain much valuable intelligence in regard to shooting and military matters from their stay amongst the skilled marksmen ia Bisley Camp. These remarks were greeted with loud cheers by the volunteers massed against the enclosure rails, and the Dake and his staff rode off Bo the pavi lion, where they lunched at the officers' mess. Strict obedience to commands aud a great enror of judgment on the part of Admiral Trysn are evidently the caus9 of the lo?3 of the 'Vietixia. Sir George Tryon before his death evidently recognised this, for he told Staff Commander Hawkins Smith — 'It was en tirely my doing, entirely my fault.' The Admiral's last words were addressed to a mid shipman on the fore- and-aft bridge, and were — ' Don't stop there, youncster;go to a boat.' The ship thwn turned over almost immediately. 