Keep Out of the Bast. Keep out of tbe past 1 for Its highways Are damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens are sere, and Its forests ire drear, And everywhere moulders a tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures Finds only a rose turned to diut, , And its storcbouee of wonderful treaiuru Is oovered and coated with rust. Keep out of the paet, it is haunted, He who In its avenues gropes Shall find thero the ghost of a joy prized the molt, And a skeleton throng of dead hones. In place of its beautiful rivers Lie pools that are stagnant with slime, AndSou6/ThfIe"minCl>rlBhUnthep,10S- Cover dreams that were slsin in their prime. Keep out of the past I it is lonely . And barren and bleak to the view, Its fires bave grown cold, and its stories are old. Turn, turn to the present, the new I lo-day lends you up to the hill tops, That are kissed by the radiant sun, To-uay shows no tomb-all life's hopes in bloom— And to-day holds a prize to be won. The son of a butcher had great difficulty in fraotions, although his teaoher did bia best. " Now, let ns Buppose," said the teacher, "that a oustomer came to your father, to buy five pounds of meat, and your father only had tour to sell— wht .would he do?."" Why, he'd keep hie hand on the meat while he wae weighing it," was the candid answer. Saw tiro Thing Through.—" How are vou, Charley," said one traveller to another In New South Wales, "Where havo wou : been?"- ' " Been visiting." "Where?" " In Sydney." "Indeed! I euppoie you went all the- rounds." "You bet I did." " Saw the Parliament Houses and went down the harborand all that sort of thlrig J" "Yes, and I was down in bed for. two weeke with malaria. Oh, 1 tell you I didn't ulss any of it." The Other One.— "So you have got a' step-mother ? " she said to the little girl of tsven. "YeB," " Well, I feel sorry for you." " Ob, you needn't do that," replied tbe littlo one. " Please feel sorry tor. pa I " A choap thing in summer hat — a dude's ' head, ' 1 Philosophy Thsit Means Well— "My dear friend, how wiira you able to acquire such an immense fortune?" " By a very aimple method." " What method in that J" " When I woo poo 1 1 made ont that I was rich, and wcn i got jjyh 1 Rgdc qgt that I BOB .7JT /J — Eiltl Wheeler Wilcax 