AUSTIRALIANl MmYTIHS. i An11Alltrlian aborigines have a curioas n)th aith roctrd to the origina o water. They say that origionlly there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfortably without. it till one day someo adenturous spirit sIigested that they ought to do something to plrocure it. A solomn conclave was held, and they deter. mined to apply to the ohlest and wiVc't inhabitant as to the course to be purslldl to attiin their object. The venerahle uatlivo listened to their complaintl1 and told them that tihe water was contained in the Otoomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that w(as required wasc to ounae him Ihugh, whoe tile water would rull out of his mouth. Another great conslltltion was held, whenll it was decided that all tlhe anllil llOulld be a.sked to glve their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This they realily.ngraodC-t0- and natives-nd ialials re, pailtl il a great body to the load's , 1mountain to try their 1powers in the way of laogh-raisiang. 'itho lirtb to ml(kli(o the essay we.a tihe as. 11e brayed so loud thallt he might have boco a damagogue expatiating oni the crimes of the classes int against the Virtluc of thie nlas?c. lie shook his long oars till they rattled again, ho kicked hiis heel0 into thue oil h ighor than any donkey had o0'or0 elevated them beooro, he cut the most fntas?tlo capers, all . to nio lse, and tihe Londl dill nob so much as wink aoo eyolid. Grostlhllon the dlonkoy rotired, nld tho cook struttod up with a self-satistled airas though o mntd he ablone knew the secrot of how to make the toad laugh. l]ut alas for the vanity of feathered aspir'atiols, his crowing and lnppling of wings had ,no more eifoet lhan his predecessor's lraying, and 1he too retired discomfited. One after the other nil tilhe animals, birds, and fishes tried their host to raise a lau1gh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was begilning to despair crlno the eel wriggling along oil tlhe grounlll, ahd, strango to relate, tihe Load blinkedl an oyelid and watcheod its contor tions. Seeing this the eel ralsed hilmesolf into an arch and walked along on his ]1ad and his tail. Those watching the gigantic toad saw tLh muscles of lis molth begin to quiver. Now the eel twlisted himself into a single knob and walked solely ol his head 1 Lo? and behold thlle toad smiled, and out of each side of hIis mouth water began to btakle down. Scoing this tie eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted hlmself into a double knot and walked jalntily alon g on his head and tail. This oxtrllordinar1 y p0rfo0ml ncolno was too much for the Loadl, he opened his mouth and laughed lold antd long. Out gushed tihe water in a lighty torrenl, down the mountain-side, and sprcading over the country formed rivers, 1l0kes, and pools; and down, too, canlo Ioth natives, rejoicing tlhat at last they would have an abuldanll e of water. The following story shows that ghosts allnn b vinldietivo in Victorilla, ant resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A eI1rn tIravellilng ill theeountLry of Ia friendly tribe cllemo uploll a dleserted habitationl. Abov te thdoorway he saw thIe 1usual crooked stick, ploinltig in tlhe direction the family lhad takenl, alndl all roltund about the pilrneo pieces of bark covered with wilito clay, indicnlting a death. lio found tracks leaId ilng to I tree ll nwhich 1e s6ton discoveredl a e0ond body. Anxiolus to know who hadl died ho laid ldown his rag and weIllol ab tlo foot of Ithe tro mid alscendloed t. removling tle lopossum1 rl'ug fron tlhe f 1he fooltl. that it was i friend. ld wept for ia long Liml, then wonb al Iio hlnl nolt golne for wheys i ? dome ina ies ma rking- ''-t ". tnlrllol o011111d to oroe hat, it wti td to1 tdrror osaw tie ghout of tliotOeOIsed conl dIown and followv him. two asso teorrified he could not move, but managed to naddress it in (hose trmll: " \\\'ly do yoni frighton mIn whenll I have come to0 seo you and never did you aay harm ? ' It never spoke, but followed him for II losi de rable distance, scratching hi0s back with its unail, and thenl returned to the free. \'hien he reached his friorlds he lid tlhem what hd ha ppeunoed, showed thl n his bak lahmcoralled and bleed. ing; and said he ha 11 I loreeotimelt that sonletlhilg badl woutl bleall him beforolong. At thIle nlot lmcoting of thle tribes 1o was lpeared thrlougl the heart. -JeilOrnia. 