Sbearing and Shearers. No Knocking Down of Cheques. Whyenbah Bhed out out on tho I2th instant (nays the St. George Standard) after a shearing . of ten weeks. Mr. Gillespie, the manager, took charge of tho board throughout. Ho started with 30 men, hnt. only had 17 at the finish. About 70,000 shcop were shorn and a very clean cut was obtained. Tha largest ohequo ' taken bv any shearer was £40. Narino station (A. P. Co.) also oat out on Saturday afternoon after a very successful shearing. A great many shearers passed through the town dur ing tho week, but none of them aro knook ing .down their cheques in tin old-time reckless fashion. The plooo is very quint, and tho hotels are scarcely doing any trade at all. The shearing season usod to he thoir time of harvest, hnt evidently thrf hardship suffered by the working mon sinco tho strike hos not been withont its ilossons, and there is more hood for the morrow. The spootaolo of the drunken shearer "knocking it down like a man " is not to bo seen in St. George at any rate, whatever "be tho reason for the oliango; One of our leading storekeepers informed ns that he oashed about £400 of shearers oheqnos in the last fow days, but that ho made vory littlo out of thorn, as they were merely pur chasing tho hare nocessariea of life. Wirrah and Oaidmnrra stations, tho property of Mr. ' J. R. Lomax, commenced sheanng on tho 16th hretant, and will shear about 140,000 sheop. Tho work is being dono by maohinos, and when out out all tho gear, inoluding tho engines and other appliancos, will bo eonvoyod by the'station teams to Boatman, noar Morvon, rcoently purchased by Mr. Lomax, thero to shear hotwoon 40,000 and 60,000 wethers. Tlio Boatman wool will bo hauled on the now road communicating with Morvon, which brings Boatman within 70 miles of the railway. By next season Mr. Lomax anticipates selling nu tho No. 2 cattle on Boatman, and shearing 100,000 ehoop thoro. Ruthar an altered state of affairs for Boatman ! "Did you ovor sco a ghost f" "Onoo." "Woro you scared?" "Waal scared? Was I? My folso tooth wero in a glass on a table three foot away from tho bed, and thoy aottully rattled so lorid thoy woke thonoighbours." 