CHAPTER, XXII. ATTEK. LONG TEAKS. our years have passed since the day that Harry Holley, turned liis back upon the old life, and severed the dear old ties which bouud him to the sorrowful past, and his . lost . love. I’ouc years spent in ceaseless longing for the girl he had loved so dearly, but alas! whose young heart he had cruelly broken. Oh, how many times he had prayed God to give him back just one hour with his darling, so that hepnight atone, and cast away that awful weight on Tkoee years had wrought many changes in his life, and as the golden June sunshine falls in long, wavering beams upon ‘his bowed head as he paces to and fro upon the green sloping bauk that leads down to the water’s edge, it does not seem possible that this grave, quiet-looking young man, with that expression of deep-settled sorrow in his dark eyes, can be the same light hearted Harry Holley of four years ago. Young as he is, a few silver threads gleam among his waving hair, and there are lines on his broad, white brow that tell of long, sleepless nights and hours of anguish and despair. " Four years ! ” he murmured, his eyes fastened upon the gleaming waters over which he had drifted with his darling. "Four, years filled with longing and re morse, and yet I have no right to think of her—I must forget her, for I have a wife and child, and they have the first claim upon my affection, but, oh, Queenie, my dear lost love, it might have been — it might have been! ” His eyes grew dim and misty, and a great lump arose in his throat, almost choking him, and a3 he raised his hand to dash away the tears, ashamed of his own weakness, a merry laugh sounded close beside him, and the next instant he felt a pair of soft round arms encircle his neck, a cheek was laid lovingly against his face, and a sweet voice, that was tenderness itself, said: "What are you thinking of, Harry dearest ? You look so sad and forlorn, and 1 really believe there are tears in your eyes.” - It was his wife, a slender, delicate girl, whose beautiful, spiritual face made the name Lilian seem exactly suited to her. That she adored him was plainly to be seen, for the innocent, questioning eyes were raised to his with a look of love that one of the blessed saints might have worn. And it was because of her mighty love for him that he married her. He knew that she loved him,-and with out bis love, her fair, young life would be made miserable. His happiness had died with Queenie, and the future could give him nothing. So why not make gentle Lilian Leigh happy ? He was fond of her, and it was only right and just. He turned to her with a smile, and taking her in his arms, kissed the red lips, saying tenderly: “ 1 was thinking, dearest -that was all, and my thoughts were of friends who were dear to me, and are ij.ow dead.” . A little sigh of relief fell from her lips. " I am glad of that, Harry, darling," she whispered, hiding her sweet face upon his breast. I cannot bear to see even the faintest shadow of unhappiness upon your dear fac'*,” He pressed his lip3 to her forehead and she was silent for some moments. She had been his wife for a year now, and each passing day she grew dearer to him, for a man must have a heart of stone not to care for such a pure and lovely woman. She was as artless as his baby boy, and he ought to be perfectly happy, but, oh, nothing in all the great world could atone for bis lost His heart gave a great leap of longing. She raised her head, and her lovc-lit eyes caught his in wonder. "I can feel your heart throb against my own, Harry,” she whispered, blushing aud smiling. *• Is it love for me, dearest, that causes it to throb so fiercely?” His only answer was to press her to his heart in a passion of remorse and anguish. He pitied himself, and he pitied his poor" dead love, but most of all did he pity this trusting girl who loved him so. Suddenly a little startled laugh burstfrom her lips, and she cried “ Oh, Harry, how thoughtless I am ! 1 had forgotten her very existence as T always da forget everything when I am with you ! Lucile Clifford, my dear friend and school’ mate, has arrived. You know we expected her to-day, and I came out here to tell you. but 1 forget that there are other people in the world when I am with you dearest.” It was a pretty compliment, and he said, laughingly : “ So 1 am the whole world to my wife And now 1 suppose I must go with you to meet this wonderful friend of whom 1 have heard so much, but to be frank, I would much prefer to remain out here with you pet.” “ Oh. Harry, you will like her,” she cried reproachfully. 11 You cannot help it, for she is soilovely and gracious.. She is a queer among women !” “ .And she is young and beautiful, and ar heiress,” he went on carelessly, locking hii arm within his wife’s, as they walked toward the house. “ And aside from that, all alone in the world. My dear,, we must find her s ^usband.” ‘•Lucile will never marry, she has offer told me so,” she answered, “ and she grieve deeply yet for her kind, adopted mother, wh( has been dead but a little over a year.” “ Oh, Mrs Clifford was not her owr mother, then?” be asked, somewhat sur prised. " I neygr knew that before," !' ■ “But she loved her very dearly, and she left her the entiie Cliff >rd fortune, and it is i a large one. Ab, who could help loving L Lucile ?” , He n’id not like to hear that name, for it , always hurt him a little, and he wished that this friend of his wife’s had another name, but whenever he thought of his lost darling it was as Queenie Meredith, the young girl who had won his first love, and not as Lucilc Leslie, the heiress. He went slowly up the broad stone steps, his wife clinging to his arm, her 'sweet laughter ringing merrily ou* upon the balmy, summer air. As they entered the long, cool parlor, a slender, graceful figure in robes of black came toward them, ana. with a laugh of triumph, Lilian said : “ Here sue is, Harry. I feel that there is no need of a formal introduction, for. you both ought to know each other, although Lucile did not know that I was married until she arrived. But my husband has heard me talk of you so often, Lucile, that he ought to know you. and-” A low, hoarse cry interrupted her., It came from the lips of her husband, and starting forward, he burst out: “ Queenie, Queenie ! You alive?. Thank God you live—you are not dead I”: ■ Like a living statue the beautiful stranger stood, her.lovely face deathly white, her vio let eyes staring into his, horror and despair frozen in their purple depths. One hand was pressed tightly against. her' tortnred heart, for she feared that if she re-, moved her. haud it would surely stop beat ing. “Queenie!” he panted, forgetful alike of the world and every soul in it, “ Queenie, you are not dead—you live—live—live!” He had forgotten his wife and child. : He had forgotten all save that the one he adored was before him. His dear Iost;love was ^ith him once more. ■ And then she spoke, and lier voice sounded hollow and,awful. But'she knew that she must say some thing, for ruin stared him in the face if :she did not speak, and her dear friend,, ^her young life would be rained. She must speak —she must save him. ■ “ You—you are mistaken, sir!” she gasped, h-sr heart throbbing so fiercely lliat she could hardly restrain heiself from cryiug aloud in her woe. “ You arc surely mistaken, for my name is Lucile, not Queenie.” Her vofee died away in a low heart rending moan, and she reeled and would have fallen to the floor had he not sprung for wan! and caught her in his arms. , “ I—I. am weak and .faint, 1 have been ill,” she panted, struggling to free herself from those strong arms whose clasp, made her grow dizzy with memories of the past. “ Lilian, please may 1 go to my room and rest a moment ? 1 will be better presjni !y but I am so weak—so weak even yet-” : : “ Come and sit out here ou the veranilabj” Lilian said, putting her arms about her and assisting her to the open air. ‘ Why, you are as pale as a ghost, Lucie. I did not dream that you had been ill, dear... You never told me, and, of course, in your weak state Harry calling you someone who is dead would naturally startle you. How your hands tremble 1" “ I am weak, but I shall feci'bel ter pre sently,” she said in. queer, .stifled tones. “But come out into the garden, Lilian. 1 believe d will recover more quickly among the. roses'. . It was very foolish in me, but really your-;husband .startled me,”andishe laughed nervously. “ You poor creature,” Lilian said, her eyes shining with love and pity. “ Come with me and we will sit among the roses until you feel better.” They seated themselves on the rustic bench among the roses,'audj-as Queenie lis tened to her friend’s low voice, she was con scious of one thing'only, and that was trie bitter knowledge that the man she loved so madly was separated from her by a barrier that nothing save death could put aside, and that barrier was her dearest, truest friend 1 Happy birds darted to and fro above her bead. The summer wind sighed, through the green l-aves around her, and the” air was heavy with the scent of roses. It wa< a' peaceful scene for any human eyes to rc,L upon, and yet to this tortured girl tbeire was no beauty in flowers, sunlight, or bird-souus Life was at an end for her. She looked at the‘happy, smiling face of the girl beside her, and a deep and .tender pity took possession of her. She was the one to be pitied most, for she was 8D trusting and innocent. “She shall never know a single momtnt’s unhappiness through me,” Queenie silently vowed, her heart filled to overflowing. “ God bless her 1 she deserves all the happiness that can be given her, and she shall have it, she shall have it I” ; She put her arm around the slender waist, and, laying her cheek tenderly against the sweet one so near, said gently: “ Now, Lilian, darling, tell me of your life since last we met. Of your home, your hap piness, your husband and his love. Tell me all, dearest, for l thank Heaven that you are so happy, and I will pray that it may. con tinue to the end.” 