!f 0 TL E J . MELL, I sunpose I must lot yon go, Norah, but I ' don't half like it. | You've uovor been away from mo before, and t sliaJl miisyou frigiitfully." " Yes, I hope you'll lot me go, Jim. I ion1 want to be selfish, but I should enjoy itao much, and, after all, you can see mo sway day if you hire." They were husband and wife, these two, and had been murried just a year. Their maimed life up to this point had been one of nncloudod happiness, and, perhaps, the term married lovers " best expresses their rela tions to one another. Jim Konuedy was a fine specimen of a man, tall and broad- | shouldered, but no one ever called his stern, rugged face good-looking, though thero wore people who found in it a charm that handsomer features often lack. Norab, on tho contrary, was extremely pretty, there could be no two opinions on that point ; her tall slight figure, clear, fair Skin, crisp golden-browu hair, and deop blue (tyes, fully entitled her to take rauk with the beauties of her sex- Jim waa well aware of this fact, and the knowledge afforded him great gratification; 'perhaps the pride of poasesaion, so prominent a feature in the male character, was even more strongly developed in him than iu most men; ah au events, his prido in his pretty wife know no bounds. His devotion to her was quite proverbial among their friends and neighbours, nothing oould exceed Ids tender car and forethought in all matters that con cerned her; she was always his first con sideration. His was a curiously contained and oonoentrated nature — a nature that was incapable of more than one love— and she had stirred ib to ite utmost depths. i The subject under discussion was an in vitation that tho Kennedys had received, to spend a fortnight at one of the neighbouring country houses. This invitation Jim, for business reasons, was obliged to decline, but there eeemed to be no reason why Norab should net accept it, and she was very | anxious to do so, being, naturally enough, greatly attracted by the prospect of un limited fun in the shape of dancing, thoatri- rala, and the tiiousand-and-one-amusementa that are always rife amongst a large country - bouse party. .. " It isn't as if it was far away, you know, I Jim," she urged. "Why, Woodlands is only three miles from here ; you can walk or ride over to see me as often as you liko. Of . course, 1 am awfully sorry that you can't go too, and I shan't enjoy it half so muoh as if I you woro tliore; but I can tell you all about it afterwards, and it seems so un- , gracious to refuse Mrs. Mervyn's invitation altogether, when there is really no reason at ! all why I shouldn't accept it." i Jim looked down at the eager, uplifted face, and smiled. " Y on shall go, dear," be said. " I may | be selfish, but I hope am not selfish enough to do you out of any pleasuro just because I can't aiiarc iu it myself. Of courae, you uhall go ; and if you want any new toggery fou had better set about getting it at once." j "Oh, you dear old Jim I " cried Norah, Ringing her arms round his neck, and kiss ing hiin after her usual impulsive, girlish fashion. " Oh, you dear, deur old Jim ! " So tha weighty matter was settled to the satisfaction of all concerned, and in due course Norah went oil to Woodlands, in a very fetching new gown and the highest possible spirits. j Whan 6he had been away for two days, Jim lode over to see how things were going on. He arrived at Woodlands about half- bast four, and was received by Norah in the library, every other room, as she informed him, being turned topsy - turvey ; some Reared for dancing, and some given up for theatricals, which were just then in process ( of rehearsal. "And how are you enjoying yourself ?" asked Jim. I ' "Oh! so much," Nomh answered, her' bright face aglow with oxcitement and pleasure. "It is perfectly delightful. I only wish you were here to enjoy it, too. Be you miss me very much, Jim ? " "Jfrightiully," said Jim, with a little aigh, "I feel quite lost without you ; but : nevermind that, tell me about yourself. What special line have you taken up! Are you vol"" i>- for theatricals!" She shook her head. J\u,i aiu sulxiutt I should bo no good on ' the stage. I ha.ro no practice, you knew. ' Ienjoy looking on immensely, and there is ! pioty of fun to be got out of dancing and other thing. " "Jin. Mervyn is a clinkiug actress," observed Jim. " Yee," Norab agreed absently; "she is aw'fully good, and is going to day all the leading porta." After that eho wait silent for a few minutes, looking into the fire with a thoughtful, pro-occupied air, that somewhat pbxalad her husband, who was more accus tomed bo her brighter moods. "A ponoy for your thoughts," he said, at last. Norah started, and glanced up at him with rather a curious expression. "Jim," she avid, nervously, "if I say aomething yon won't bo cross, will you ? " He looked surprised. " Cross, Norah ? No, of course not. You may say what yon liko." " It is something that I overheard," she went oo, abaently fingering his ooat-slecvo. "1 Couldn't help hearing it ; I wish I hadn't, but I couldn't help it. Mrs. Brown ami Mis- WUUs were talking, and I araldu't help hearing what they Baid — but they draft know that I was near. Is it true. Jim — is it true thai there was ever any. th3njg between yoa and Mis. Mervyn ?" A heavy frown crossed Jim's face, and he offered a sharp exclamation. "Ooonfotmd the women?" he oried, inrndlr. "What a lot of chattering mag- pkaiheysMl" .Ob, Jim J" Norah pleaded, "don't he flriose ; w said yon wouldn't. It isn't true festr U«r votes quivered a little, and something suspiciously like tears glittered in her brign Byes. Jim muttered something under bis haoath as he looked down at ber, then he put his sum round her waist, and drew her close t&Thisrids.; , " Lisbon, Norah,' he said, impressively ; 1 am going bo toll you the whole truth,and BMSungmtt the truth A year or two ago I in rather hirimato with the Mervyns, and ased te come bo Woodlands a good deal. Mervyn and I have always boon good friends, and at that time Mrs. Mervyn and I seemed to get on uncommonly well. 1 can swear fhst T rnrrer save her a thought even that hoared the bounds of friendship, and it wag agaae Sim before it dawned on me that she was trying to lead me into a flirtation. Whan ait laet I woke up to the state of i/be case. I gave Mrs. Mervyn to understand that that sort of thing wasn't my line, and then prouipily cleared out. I have always kept no taendiy terms, because I th tight that people woraW begin to think and trlk if pro h»i an open aplib, but I have never oome heirs trash stmoe then. That is the truth of fljnwhok matter. " T|3bo quiet tome, and simple, straight' forwrel wmris curried conviction with them, apd Norah's perturbed face dimpled into a txpaleiaa sheaisked: — Why did. yoa never beD me of all this ImSom. JhnS" (, jjv dear child, he answered, gravely, tyaman doesn't care to tell tales of that kind U the expense of a woman, even to his wife Besides, I bad almost forgotten' the affair, tad, in all probability, Mia. Mervyn has ' uloe." Norah shook ber head. - MA woman never forget s, the said, emphatically. " You may depend upon it. Jim, Un. /Mervyn has forgotten nothing- btrisbe may havoJbrf/iwH, and that is moli Ohthe point." Jim ttov ed down and gave his pretl > jwea very aeartykiss, -tofeab.JUMtUUUt soul ib J»" h» imU, i affectionately; "you take things unoom- i nionly well, Norah. Some women, in your place, would luivo treated mc to a scene and refused to beliovo mo." " I should liko to eoe any ene refuting to behove you." oried Norah, indignantly. Then she rubbod her sofb check against his. " Bear. old .Jim," she whispered, lovingly. Thus ended the first doubt that had ever threatened to mar the happiness of their married life, A fortnight is only a shorb time uftor all, and very soon Norali's visit to Woodlands was drawing to its close. Three days before the one on which she was to return home, Jim got a note from her asking him to be sure and go over that afternoon, as she hud something important to say to lura. It was somo days since lie had been there, and he hud not intended to go again, but Norah' word was law ; ao he ordered his horse and rode off, arranging to get to Woodlands about four o'clock as usual. In the hall he was met by Mrs. Mervyn, and ho fancied that she started and turned rather pale when she saw him. "How do you do, Mrs, Mervyn?" he said, as he shook hands. "Jolly day this, isn't it? Is Norah anywhere about? She sent me a note asking me to corao ever and aeo her." " Your wife is in the house," Mrs. Mervyn answered, " but I don't see that you can see her now." She spoke rather absently, and Jim' thought that she looked at him with a curious expression. "Is anything the matter?" he aBked haetily. " I hope Norah isn't ill." "No no, she is quite well, bub — — " "Bub what?" asked Jim, who was begin ning to feel rather impatient. Mrs. Mervyn turned away and looked oub of the window. " Can you bear a shock 1" she asked, in a low tone. "A shock ?" Jim replied, feeling more and mora bewildered. What kind of shock ? What do you mean, Mrs. Mervyn? If you have anything to tell me about Norah, for Heaven's sake tell me and have done with it. Don't beat about the bush, that is false kindness." " Your wife is qui be well," Mrs. Mervyn snid, in the same low tone, "quite well, but " She broke off sharply, and sud denly burned from the window. " Come with me," she cried, " Come with me." A curious sense of doubt and wonder thrilled Jim as he followed his hostess across the hall, lie could not at all understand the state of affairs. Mrs. Mervyn led the way to the small drawing- room, outside the door she paused and looked up at him. " You had better go in alone," she said ; "Your wile ib in the morning- room. If you are quiet you can hear wibhoub being heard." "Hear!" Jim repeated, with an expres sion of blank surprise. " Hear what ? 1 wish you would oxplain yourself, Mrs. Mervyn." But Mrs. Mervyn shook her head. " Don't ask me," she said, giving him a littlo push towards the door, " butge — go." Jim hesitated for a moment with his hand on the handle, then he opened the door and wont into the room. Now, eho two drawing-rooms and the morning-room were en suite, and the latter was only divided from the small drawing- room by some sofb silk curtains drawn across an archway. Mechanically, Jim moved across the room until he came to these curtains, and then he stopped. He could hear some one speaking on the other side, and instantly recognised tho voico as that of Captain Warner, one of the guests staying in tho house, a man whom he had never liked. " Teil me," the ' voice urged tenderly, " what makes you so unhappy. Perhaps I can do something to help you." There was a moment's pause, and then the answer came in Norah s voice, low and tremulous, with fooling. "No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows now miserably unhappy I am, but no one can help me— least of all you." Jim's hand clutched the curtain involun tarily, his brain seemed to be in a whirl, he fe'b like a man in a dream. Norah, his Norah, misorably unhappy,- and confiding hor woes to another man ! The thought was madness. j' 1 can sympathise with you, if I can do no more," Captain Warner went on, in the same tender tone. " Tell me what troubles | you — it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband aro not very well matched." Jim moved a step nearer to the curtain, listening intently. " We couldn't be worse matched," cried Norah, in a tone of passionate rebellion ; " lie does not, it is true, openly ill-treat mo, but be makes my life one long torture. If it U»U iiiuoh longer, I r.hsil go mxd. Marriugo without sympathy is moral suicide." Jim drew a deep breath, and fell back a pace or two. Norah saying that he made her life one long torture ! Was it possible, or had his ears played him false ? " My poor darling I" Captain Warner cried passionately, " oh 1 my poor darling ! There is nothing that I would nob do to save you from such a life. Only trust yourself to me and you will never regreb ib— never, I swear, as long as you live. I need not . tell you that my whole life's happiness is bound up in you, that I love you with all my heart and soul. You know ib already." Jim ground his teeth savagely. In that moment he could have killed the man who dared to plot against hie honour and make love to Mb wife, but he waited to hear Norah's answer. It came at hut. " Yes," Norah said, and oh ! how softly and tenderly her sweat voice thrilled, " yes, I know you love me, and that knowledge is my only comfort. I oling to it with all my strength. Yes, I know you love me, and you must know that I— that I " Jim waited to hear no more, but turned and made his way bo the hall staggering as he went. Five minutes later he was galloping across the pork like a madman. When he reaohed home, he went straight to his smoking-room and flung himself into his favourite ohair. He tried to think, but his thoughts were in a whirl, his brain seemed on fire. He wished to consider the matter oalmiyand coolly, but found that an utter impossibility. One thought alone possessed him, one bitter cruel,' maddening thought. Norah was lost to him for ever. With his own ears he had heard hor encourage another man to make love to hor. Norah, his Norah, his wife whom he had loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had played him false. With all his strength he I Btrove to forget the words that he had over heard ; but he could not forget, and memory was madness. It is impossible to pub into words all thab he suffered. The whole night long he sat alone in his smoking-room, fighting with himself and with this crushing Borrow that had bowed him to the earth. When morn ing dawned, the cold grey light that stole in ; through the chinks in the ourtains showed him to bo but the wreck of his former self. What should he do? ' Thab was tho ques tion that forced itsolf with maddening per sistency into his brain, and the answer waa not easy to find. . Thero were two or three courses open to him, bat he ooald not deoide which to follow. He considered and re-considered them all.but none gave him satisfaction. At last a sudden thought struck him that put the others to flight. There was bo be a large party at Woodlands thab night. Mrs. Mervyn had invited him, and he had refused . her invitation; but now he would go. He would give himself ons more chance of see ing with hie own eyes, and hearing with his own ears; and if his suspicions were con firmed, he would tell Norah then and there that all was discovered, and that she wan iree to go to her lover. Acting on this Idea he drove- over to Woodlands in the nvenlng. feeling like a man who is going to his execution. In the hall ho found Afo Herryn enjojing » surreptitious cigarette, and was welcomed with great cordiality. "So you've olinngod your mind, Jim, and corns to soe the show after all ; that's right. I'm enjoying myself in my own way, you see ; dancing in one room, theatricals ill another, -neither of them In my line, so 1 canto out here to have a qutob smoke- Better stay and join me." At that moment Mrs. Mervyn oame slowly dowu tho wide staircase, and crossed the hull towards tho two men, struggling with a refractory bangle that refused to fasten. "Try and do this for me, Edgar," sho said. Then she looked up and her eyes fell on Jim. " Mr. Kennedy !" she cried. "Yes, its Jim,' said her husband, "you needn't look as if you'd neon a ghost." Tho startled look still lingered ca her face, and slio laughed nervously. " You aro the last person I expected to see," she said to Jim, "you refused so positively." " Upon my word, that"' t. Viospitable speech," cried Mr. Mervyr, '"Jim lias changed ins mind, and we're very glad to see him. Come, take him into what you call the theatre, Kate, and Ieb him look ab his friends making fools of themselves." Mrs. Mervyu led the way across tho hall, and Jim followed tike a man in u dream. It all seemed so strange, so unreal ; ho could hardly realise the state of affairs. A minute or two later he was in the room that was doing temporary duty as a theatre. One or two people spoke to him and he answered, but maaono attempt ab conversa tion. Ha looked round in search of Norah, and, failing to find hor, threw himself into a chair and gave way to gloomy thought. The boil rang, and the curtain rose on the second act, but Jim did nob look up. Ho felt no interest. What were the mimic joys and woes of the stage to him ? They could not compare with the tragedy of his own life. He sab there, with his eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped in miserable meditations, till all at once a voice sounded through the room that thrilled him like an electric shock. It was North's voice. What were tha words thab she was saying ? " No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven enly knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no one can help me— least of all you." Jim drew a long deep breath, and raised his eyes slowly, like a mnn awaking from some hideoiv dream. Norah was on the stage — his Norah, looking prettier than he had ever seen Iter ; and by her side, holding her hand in his, stood Captain Warner. "lean sympathise with you, if I can do no more. Tell me what troubles you— ib is always a relief bo talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband are nob very well matched." There was no need to hear more. Jim saw ib all now. As in a lightning flash every thing was made plain to liira. W hat ho had overheard the day before was a rehearsal of this particular aceno, and he had thought — he had thought — Ah 1 what had he dared to think? He cowered, guiltily, as he remem bered all. Norah must never know of what ho had accused hor in his mind, never. He hardly know how to sit through the remainder of the play ; it seemed intermin able ; but ib came to an end at last, and the curtain fell, amidst great applause. Norah (lew upstairs as soon as tho perfor mance was over, to change hor drees und wash the rouge and powder from her face. Her first attempt at acting had been a dis tinct success, there could be no two opinions about that ; and she was, naturally enough, , proud of the fact. She smiled, well pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft water, and began to bathe iter face. There was u sharp knock at the door, and Jim came into the room. "Here you are, my darling," be cried, gladly. She paused in her operations to look up at him— " Yes, here I am, and likely to be ; I don't know when I shall got rid of this horrid rouge. Bo you were there after all, Jim ; I saw you in- the audience, and I was so surprised. Why did you change your mind ? Ib all went off splendidly, didn't ib, and— and — oh ! Jim, are yon very cross wibii me?" "Cross with you?" He hud come quite ! close to her now. " No, lam not cross with j you, Norali ; why should I be? " I " Well, I was afraid you would bo, and I sent for you yesterday so that I might explain matters, but you did'nb come. Aou ; see, I was rather forced into it ; I could not | very well holp myself. Mrs. Mervyn made i such a point of my undertaking the part, j that I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a risqui part, but I'm awfully glad you are not cross." Jim took her in his arms, sponge and all, ! and kissed her wet face, j "lam fonder and prouder of my little wife at this moment than I have ever been before," he s»id, " hut I think we'll have no ; more theatricals, Norah darling ; this shall bs your first and last appearance." " Very well," said Norah, returning the kisa with interest; " I am euro 1 don't mind. I don't mind anything so long as you are not cross." And that was tho end of Mrs. Mervyn's attempt at revenge. " What, going ao soon, Mr. Kennedy ?" Mrs. Mervyn looked up with a well- simulated air of surprise, and smiled plea santly into Jim's white, wrathful face. "Yes," he replied; "but let me first thank you for giving me an opportunity of attending the performance as well as the rehearsal."— Truth. THE EPIGRAMMATIC VICEROY. Iw India Lord Lytton's epigrams wore famous, and they are repeated with much gusto in Anglo-Indian circles to this day. On one occasion — so the story goes — he gave mortal offence to a lady who sat next to him at dinner, who, alas I did not appre ciate his Excellency's wit. Her name was Birch, and tradition says she was beautiful, if not over-intelligent. Said she to his Excellency, " Aro you acquainted with any of the Birches?" Replied his Excellency, " Oh, yes, I knew some of them most intimately whilst ab Eton — indeed, more intimately than I cared to." - "Sir," replied the lady, "you forget that the Birches ars relatives of mine." " And yet thoy cub me," said the Viceroy ; " bub "—and he smiled his wonted smile—" I have never felt more inclined to kiss the rod than I do now." Mrs. Birch, sad to say, did not see the point, and— so the gossips have it — told hor husband that his Excellency had insulted hor by openly expressing, at tho dinner table, his desire to kiss hor. AS TO THE SERMON. ' Tiikrb'S a man residing on West-stv-eeb in this town who is sadly in need of missionary service! being held over him. Last Sunday his wife made him go to church, and on their i way home she asked him what he thought of tho sermon. His reply was mostly a grunt of disapprobation. " Why don't, you say as you always do of aermons— that it was the usual cut and dried affair ?" she asked tartlyi " Because, my dear," he replied pleasantly, " ib wasn't. That is to say, it wasn't alto gether so." " Well, I'm glad to hear you say that much good of it," she said more agreeably.' "Thank you, dear," he went on. As T was going to say, it wasn't quito so bad as you would have it, beoauee it wasn't cut hnif us much as ib should have been, and waa 'dried altogether too much." I Thon thoy walked on in painful silence. . I Mrs. Bdntivo: " Riohard used to be such - a good boy, but his language haB become simply dreadful lately." j Bunting! "No wonder he has to answer the telephone in hie new situation." Mr. Grumpss " What's that queer odour 1 Smells like burning lye." Mrs. Grnmpa: "Don't know. I haven't putanythlug m the iixet wept of yppi- 