WoveHcit. IN JEST. Ori a morning in tho early spring of last year two men stood leaning .-igrinsi tho mantelpiece of a room in oua of tho government ollira. Tho taller of tho two — ho who wan nt home in the iwr.n— jraa a nlim, wolJ-dreSBod nnin, wenriii«: iiifl_ brur portoil exactly in the m iodic, and a diamond pin iu t.hn sailor knut.uf Mr. tie. Lira frock coat was open and hit, thninbs wore Mtiofc in tiro nrmliolm of his vmiKicoafc. The ntlitndo denoted com- j jilficeiicv, and tho man "was cuisph- CUTlt. " Well, fcljc funny pnrt of it is." he was saying lightly, his shouldcrn pressed against tho mnnfolpieoc, " thai I am din ing nt tho Bartun Smiths this orcu- ing." " Ah!" his oemjimion wiawcrcd, luok- ing up at him with oy«a «f cm v. " Arid co you will guwj in her?" " "Of comea." ' Lucky dog V " She is to come to th«» to-day, they do not know about out- engBgommt yot, and as she does r.-ot wast to bluet it out tho moment afao arrives — so for this evening it will be a oeccefc. I thnuebt 1 Would tell yon, though." lie stopped awoy as ho sjioko to straighten a red morocco-covered dh- pawh box Btnudiug on the tnblo behind Mini. It b»ro, besides tho Haunting gitt capitals 14 1.O.," a modest photo with tkc tuffic " Sruist Wibberley "—hie Baai\ The other waited until ho two rand Mm plriee.anillhca he arvswimrd, h oldingoot his hand: ' Yea, I am glad you told mo, old boy. I congratulate yon meat heartily." " Thank 1 you, Jiek, I know you could. I rather fee! myself that 'fate mniiot harm tun. 1 lam dined lo- dny." " " Hanny fellow !" returned Jack, sku presently disappeared. Tho Hnrton Smiths whom we have hraml them mention itro tolerably woll known in London. Burton Smith is a barrister with mon«y and tunny rclatrotio — Irish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judges, and the like. His wife is young, gmcioCR and fond of society. Tneiv- drawing topum int tho toprnoit flat of _On»loi» Mansions — rootnn with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners- — are seldom empty daring tho regulation hours. This particular dinner party lad been jiltnrted with gorr.o cere. "tndy Linccre will come, no doubt," Mm. Burton Suiith had said ono day at MieakiwS, cunning a list she held in her Iwfil, " and llr. Slay." Bui Burton Smith strongly objected to May. " He will talk of nothing bnfc India." Ms pretested, "srul the superiority of Cnterifca over Louden. A little of iibw» Bombay ducks gees a long way, my dear-"1 " Wc!J, Jajnes," Mrs. Burton Smith replied— the Hon. Yerelrer May in a iu>n off Lord Hawthorn—" he will tike me in and 1 do not mind. Only I muet have Sir Wibborioy on tho other rido to make emiTttFs&lion; atnl keep me alive. Lot mo s«i — thai will 1» throe. And Josnna BrarSon — ahe Contcs tittt aflotnoon — four. La yon know, Juraea. when wo were at Temple Rothloy for Christmas I thought there was sume-thrng between your cour.in and Mir. Wihherlcy f " Y«."' "Ihcii for goodness sake do not let therm sit togettier." "Why lint f Brrauwe they will diut to each other and tw no one efcr>." _ "Very well, Sirs. Smith assented. "Thtiy shall sri opposite each other, arid Mr. Wibberloy shall tiio in Mrs. Galan- rinv. She will be euro to flirt with him, and we can watch Joen's face. I shall bwb tee "iff there is anything between therm' then, ofcourw." " Vnfiy i dever piau, my dear."' Mr. ffibheiiy was young man off anurn) 5njp'irtM!ce,.if only in h5 cap«e?ty off private areesetjuy to a minister. He lntd 31 ihcrasjsnd noqvuuntancwi and cor- taialy friends— pwhaja thief. He might be B.oiivcthiiig sou-e day. . Ho dr sscd well, lookod well, aud talked trril. He wait a trifle conceited ; but mmneni like that in young men, and he \- had ati infrriilo tuct. At ivjntc he had ' never ynt found Mmself in a place too HaiigM for him. ' i This evening as ho dressed for dinner ho was in his Imppiest mood. Everything scoured to tie going well wi h hira. Ho iyas going to u House where ho would bo appreciated. Mrs/Burton Smith was a great ally of bis. And then thoro would lie, as wu know, eomeono oleo. "Lady Ijinnero," said' his hostess as sho Introduced liim to a stout peraonnRo with whito hair, a double ohin, and dia monds. Wibberloy bowed profoundly ovor tho dowacer'B liitnd. " Mr. May you have mob before," con tinued bin hostess, "and you know Miss Burton, too, do you notV" lid nnirtnurrd asRont, while Joanna shook hands with him frankly and quiotlv, with thr ghost of a amilo, perhaps. lie played bin part well, too. for a, moment, but hailed in lira Aeutenco 03 it Unshod across bin mind that this wns tliuif tirst mci.'ting siuoe bIh. had said yea. Ha re covered from lii.a momentary onibarritM- niuiit. howovor, and oli'urccl his arm to Mr-:, fi.ilruiliuu. Sho wna an old friend of Ilia — as friends go in society. Hn had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or t.liroo times. " Who is that girl V she naked, when Ihcy were seated, aud nlto rnised her (tlaasos and stared at her vis-a-vis, "1 de.daro she would lie pretty if lior nose worn net no nhnrt." He acir.nd t.im eseuEo to put up his gla-:p. too, and take a lonk. " It is rathor short, " ho admitted. Gaz ing with a whmnic.'il r.fitr,o of nwnorship at tho do'icieut or;:a:i. " But iiomu pcnplu hire nliori noses, don't you know ?" "Anrl thc.'.tiM in AcnuKt, and draw ing room cameii rtiid eohnmlrnmt! ! But serioiial). alio wonid ba pretty if it wore v.ot for tiiat." ' Won Id ului ?" " Well, I think she would, do you knn-.v And ccrlainly Joanna was pretty, though her fomhonil w>,s ton lorji', her uiijo too sniill, and h<-r lips too full, lior oyrs were hrlglit, her cnmplcxino porfoct, inul her faeo told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful armo. Ion. for a chit of nineteen. T.Irs. Gn'nniine said nothing about til o arms, boonnm; her own did not form ouo of lior ntirnclivo points. Wibhoiley, howovev, iv.ia thi:ikin;» of tlieni, and whether a curtain bracelet lie had would fit liimti. Ho saw Joanna wore a hw.rcict — -a r.kotohy gold tiling. Ilo wonden-d viivthiir lui elinuld bog it for a pattern, or whether it rnieht lint lie more plirvsnnt to inraenre the wrist for himself. But Mra. Galanirne returned to the charco frwsh m a rose. " Slio in A cmi«i«>, is shn not V" she srrid, npoaking aoiouil that Jomnui looked ajnais .ir.il snn'ted. " 1 have m-vor met her lf-foro. Tell mo hII about her, please " " Tell her all about her !" Wibberloy gatywd. ITc m a diiiicdty in obeyin1.', as I ho gcnoral cwivrnwt.inn was not hriek, atid .Teiriun enntd lirar orr.rv word. Hu oust. .'«i apprised glanco round the table, lb no ho bent to bin tank. " Mrs. Gilanvino," ho murmured awrctly. cmlfidcniinily, "pray— pray bo- wsro of henmniliw a — o potato !" "Mrs. GsVhnr'iim dropped hor knife and fflnk wftii a vhiVt.-r. " H'ov bireriil! A potato. Mr. Wlb- borlov ? Whnt. do ynu nrotn ?' "Wliat I say." "Tifoir, Ii'>w could T beoamo a potato ?" " YVitl retvo lay date ? It in s piaturo. Ynu 'few tiicircllio manly beef and the frnilohtlrpesu, eo tondmr.so yoans ! And tfee jptunto Is lira ceratldant — it ia insipid. ;Do -'«o ttgree with nu1?"" Mr. Wiblirloy ! But am I to apply Iho paisiWo ?" site asked, glanc- .iiHjHVuvply scros tho teblo with her fork nyJsftnd ond a, pea open it. "Iam to bo thepwtato X' " TIieiAidon in with yon," he replied. Mtft. Burton Smith, Wooing him so »b- .itirb..(i in his eio-ipsnion, irjtrjporalod. Liidk as often na slro rniht n> Jimi nn.flho ontr mo sign of je ionsy or nnlf-conscinna- nosn iii tha giil'afeoa. JToiiirnfi seemed to bo onjoyitig itornoif to the full, nod to bo en inuuh iotaroRtod a any one at table. Mvu. Bnrtrm Smltli srvv olcnrly that tliorc w.ta not)!in.f between tho two. But 'Wibh/'rJcy'n sucouzs with Mrs. Grir.ti;r.2 u.'iri »!s . r ii r. ,.,'j ij i IK-i . Artor tho ladies had withdrawn hn grow rcst- 1«w. By ill-lack, too, the Hon. Vi rokcr May had reached thnt period of the oven- idg when Ir.din who uncustomed to pnton its rosiest tints, and tho two facing: each other foil to debating on a subject off which Che returned civilian had soon ranch and thought little, and tho private KSorolan had road mora and theuglit not nt nlL Tlicy worn therefore about on a pur as to information, anil what .the youngor man lackrd in obatinacy he made up iiy rcaditiesa. It was in vain the mi- hob blustered, ruwerted, contrndictcd — finally grew sulky, silent, stertorous. Wibbutloy pushed his triumph, sud sootl, aa v/c slio.11 see, paid for it dearlv. It so happened that ho wan the Inst to enter the draiviug-Tnnm. Tiro ovrning wns chilly. The ladies liad gathered round tho fire, protneted from attauit by a cnuplo off gipsy tabiru bearing shaded lamps. Tiro incomcra lasacd ono by one through these outworks — nil tml Vr'ibbcr- Jey. ito cant a despairing glanco lit JomiTia, who was by iho lirnplacc in the iienrt off tlio Citadel ; and tiim, rcoigni'tg himself to separation, he took a lour clinir by one of the tables and began to turn over the books thoraou. Ho scanned thorn all, nnd then his eves fell on a bracelet lying by thnro on the olivo grson plnah— aslrotcliy gold bracclot with one big lwiso— -J ocnna'fl. Ho looked at Hie real of Iho party with it stealthy glance. TTono of thm faood his way. They wore discussing a photo graph of ohildron on tho ovor-mantol. He. stretched his hand out softly and covered tlio bracelet. Ho would take it for a pat- torn,andto-morrow Joanna ahould ransom it. Ho tried to catch her eye, as his fingers closed on it. Ho wanted to see lier face change and hor color rise. It wontd have added to tho faint charm in the boyish, foolish. act lio was committing if sho had bcott privy to it, yot mmblo'to prevent it. But she would not look, and ho was obliged to ba content with his plunder. Ho slid tho trinket deftly under the fringe of. tho table and claspod it on his arm. He had a koon sense of tlio ridiou- lous, and ho would not for ail the world that anyone bomdea Joanna should know off tho aet ; that diddering old fossil of a May, for instance who, however, was safe enough — standing on the banrth-mg with Ilia bock turned and liis alow mind forming en opinion on tho photograph. Then Wibborioy began to find tho party dnlL Ho caw small chanco of a private word with Joanna. Lady Lin- aoM, his ncara«t noigirbor, was prosing on to Mm. Hsrton Smith, bio next nearost. And ho himielf, after shining at dlnnor, had fallen1 into -tho back ground. Hang it, ho would go. It was ton o'clook. Ho rose, arid was stooping across tho table- murmuring ; his excuses to hia hostoss, when Lady Linaoro uttered ail cxolamatibn. He was loaning between iter head and the lamp at tho moment, nnd lie fnticied ho had touched her head dress. , ''.Pray pardon mo, Lady Linaoro!" be urled, gaily. " I am just going— I havo to loavo early— so the euoroaoh- mont will bo but for a moment." " It is not that,'1 tho old lady ropllod. " Hut oh 1 whoro ia my bracelet ?" She was fooling about tho table as the spoke, lifting with hor white, podgy hands the tow volumes that lay on it, No ono on tlio instant, however, sooinod to take in tho situation. Mrs, Burton Smith lmd risen atid was listening to Wibborioy. The others wero talking. Lndy Linaoro wns utod to attention ; and when aim spoke again her voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. " Where ia my bracelot !" sho ropeatod. " The ono with the Agra diamond I was allowing you, Mrs, Burton rimitb. It was hero a moment ago, and it is gono I" Wibberloy was alill speaking to hi# hostess. Ho heard the old lady's words, but did not clearly apply them. Ho finished bis loavo-taking almost at his leisiiro, and only as he turned recol lected hitusclff and said with polito solici tude : " What is it, Lady Linaoro 1 Ilavo you dropped something 7' lie stonpi-id as he spoke, and oho draw hor skirts oside, nml both peered at tlio flour, while th<mo sitting neni asked : " What ia it, Lady L-iiacrc 1 What have ynu Inst ?" _ . | " My Airra diamond 1" bIio repliori fussily, li or ho.vl quivering, Hur fingers groping about her silk flounces. " Ho 1" asiil aoiiioone in surpriso. Yes," alio rat urned distantly. " Why, it wns liuro a moment ago. I saw it i:i your lmid." The olii lady hold nut lier wrists. " See fur yonrsolvra. I' liavo not got it," olni sard, foiibiy. " Tint are you snro it is not. in your lap?" asked Burton Smith. Lady 1 linanro had au ample lap. By thi.: timo the attention of the whole parly lmd boon drawn to tho loss, and one or two of tho most prudent looked miC'iniforbtble. " N'o : 1 nrr, rmre 1 laid it oh tlio table by my side. I was going to put it on ivhcn tlio gentleman aamo in, and — it is gone 1" Shu was qui in olonr ubotit it, and luokod mildly at Wibberly for cotiiinna- tiun. Tlio tnblo whs botwoon tboin, Sire tliought he must havo oooh it lying thors, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. Bnrton Smith saw t.ho look. "t any, Wihberir," nppealing to liim half in fun, lmlf in eiirnost," yon havo not, hidden it for a joke, old fellow?" " T '! Certainly not." Iks this day Hrnrst Wihborly womlors when bo first made the discovery of what ho had done — that he had tokrn tlio wronghraoelet. It was niit curly— it was not until tho owner lmd twico jirtiolaimol her losa that he felt himself roil don and awoko to the consciousness that t.ho bracelet was on his own arm. Ho might bavo said at once, " By J'ovo ! T slipped it on my wrist in ptiro absOuco of mind," hot such oxciiros to avail must ho msdo at once, and bo hesitated. Then each moment made the avowal more difficult ! nnd less possihlo. until llis host ftsknl liim Iff ho had hidden it for a joke, and he had answered with well feigned sur prise : " I V Cortaiiily not." Afowof tbogiiratirwerepopringstiipidly riho'it.M if thov oxpeotod to find the lost article in a (lower vase or wittiin tho globo of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed thosn exploration!. "Wait a moment! I havo it!" she cried raming hor hood. " Woll ?" from Rcvornl. "John roust have found it when lie brought in tho tea. Ring the hell, Jntuos, do, and wo will oak liim." So it was done. Julm onme in and tho question was put to him, " Yos, »ir," ho irasworod, readily ; ") saw n bracelet on this table by tile lamp." Hn indicated the tnblo near Lady Lin aoro. " Did yon move it; 1" " Movo it, sir ?" tho man repeated, surprised by the question, tho ailenco, and the strained faces turned to him. 44 No. air, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing tho ton to — to Mr. Wibbor ioy, I think it was." "Ah, well, that is all. You may go," answered his master. It was not possible to doubt tho man's faco and manner. But wlmn ho had left the room an uncomfortable silcnoe oneroid. " It is very strange," snid Bnrton Smith, looking from nno to tho other, and thou groping under the tnblo. "It iB very storage," Wibberly mtir, mured. He felt bound to say something. He fancied tho others, and particularly May, woro casting special looks at him. ' Ho felt as if ho woro oach ins tout botraying himself by his changing color. " It dost," quavorad Lady Ltnoore, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently — " it eost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did j and that was before it was sot. ' A hash fell upon the room. "Fourteen thoucatid pounds 1" Burton Smith exclnitned, . " No, no, not pounds, rupees," the old lady hastily added. "I understand," ha replied, robbing his head. " But that ia a good sntn." "It is over a thousand porinds>"BMd the Indian civilian, stoutly. " Bat good gracious, Jamas I" said Mrs. Burton Smith, Impatiently, " why are yon valuing Lady Ltnacre's jewollory instead off Analog it for her? It was on this tablo fifteen minutes ago. Where ts It now?". "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. " t hope — " " For a joke 1" cried the hostoss. " I any, my dear," he persisted, " if anyone is doing this for a Joke I hopo he will own dp. It haa gono far enough." There was a chorus of assent, half in dignant, half exoulpatoiy. But no ono owned to tho joke or produced tho brooo- let. "Well, well, I never I" Mro, Burton Smith exelaimed. And os tho company looked at oooh other K seemed aa if they also had nover known anything quite no extraordinary. " Really, Lady Linaoro, I think it must bo aomewhero about you," said tho hoot at lost,. " Would you mind giving your- pelt a good shake, just to sattsfr me?" She rose, and was aolemhly preparing to agitate her skirts wheh.a guest said ; "You need not troublo yourself, Lady Linnore. It is not about you." The Honorable Vor-ker May was still standing by the fireplace. Thoro was a curious dryness in hi# tohea, and. ho glanoed from the dowager to Wibberloy. "Then where is it?" retorted Mrs. Galantine. " Do yott know ?" " Iff you do, for goodness' sako spook' out," Mra. Burton Smith added indig- nantly. ,, Everyone turned nnd stared fixedly at tlio Indian civilian. " Ynu had bettor ask Mr. Wibberley," said tlio nabob. ' This was all. But something in his tone produced un electrical effect on every one. , Joanna turnad red and palo, and flashed angry glanoea round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. Ho looked furtivoiy at Wibborlby, nnd was Bllent, Up to this moment Wibberley had thought himself merely in an awkward fix, from which he must escapo as boat he could, at the oxpenee of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of Belf- reapeot. But now I at tho first sound of the In dian's voico ho saw iris danger — that socini damnation. worse, perhaps, thrcntonod hira. His presonce of mind seemed to foil him. The room, the ox- peotant faces turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swam round before him. Ho hnd to lay hia baud on a chair to steady himself. But he did steady himself, eo far that t.hnso who marked lrie agitation did not know whether it proceeded from angor or fear. Ho drew himself up and lookod straight nt his accuser, holding the chair, suspended in his hands. " What do you moan 1" anid he. The civilian returned his gaze, and snid. in cool, measured accents : "1 should not hnvo spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us — if any joke wae being played to oon- foss it." " Weil ?" - " Willi, only this," tho old gontlemnti roplieil : "I saw you yourself take Lndy Litincro's bracelot from thnt tablo a fow minutes beforo it waa aliased, Mr. Wib- borlnv." "You saw mo?" This time tii-ro was the ring of honost (Infiiince in Wibborloy'e tone. If ho folt certain of one tiling it wns that no one bail been lookinc at him when the un lucky deed wne done. " I did," rcnliod tho civilian, dispiw- simmtely. "My book true toward yott, but my ejes woro on this mirror — ' ho touched nn ovsl glass ill a Venetian frame which stood on tlio mantel, "and I saw quite clearly. I ant bound to any that, judgimr by tho oxprossion of your faco, I was' assured llint ib was a trick you wore plaviug — a jest." 'And now?" Wibhnrloy tried to smile. But he could not. Hn shook all over. He folt himself — nnd this time it was no fanoy — growing livid. " To thu best of my belief, tho bracelot is on your loft, arm now," addod the oivilisii. WiWierlcy tried to master, but could not, tlio impulse to glanco down at. hia wrist. Tim idea that t.ho bracelet might lie visible overcame him. Ho looked down, Of couise thoro was nothing to ba soen ;he might have known it, for he felt tho hot clasp of the horrible thing barn- iii(t liisnrm inches higher. But when ho looked up again, flooring as had been his glance, he found that, aome thing awful hndhnnponod to him. Ho falterod, and tho chair dropped from his hands. He had never mot ouch looke beforo. He reed in avery faoo save ono snepioion and con- damnation. Thief and liar! Ho road tlio words in tho eyes of his quondam frionds 1 Yot ho would, he muBt brazen it out ; and though he could not utter a word, ho lonkod from them to Joanna. The girl's face was palo and scared. But hor eyes — thoy nnawored his right oiisorly — wero full of indignation. They held no suspicion. The moment his look fell nn hor she spoke. " Sho w them your arm I" she cried im pulsively. _ " Show them you have not got it, Ernest !'' Thoro wns suoh soorn, such generaim passion in hor voice, that it did not need the tcll-tnlo iiamo' which fell eo glibly from her lips to betray hor secret — nt least to tho women. Show his arm ! Ah, that waa just what lie could not do! And aa he compre hended it lie gnashed his teeth. He saw hiinaolf netted and ontr.tppod, and his rngo and misery wore no written in his face thnt tho best and most merciful of thnso about him turned away in shame and pity. Bvoh the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first apssm of doubt and fear. Her word>, her auggdation. lmd taken from him his last ohatioo. He saw it was so. He felt tho Nnmenis the more bitterly on that ac count ; and with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, hn turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat and went down the street. Ilis feelings when he found himself outside wero suoh as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences, He had wrecked Mb honor and happiness in an hour. He had tost his plaoe among inen through a ohaneo word. Wo talk and road of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still tlio thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding oitlzen whom a moment's passion has made a murderer, some strong man whom a stunning blow ha9 loft crushed and Writhihg on tho ground, a twisted cripple— only these oould fitly desoribo his misery and despair as ho travollod the streets. It was misery he bad brought on himself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded tho offence I How immonsoly tlio shamo and exposure exceeded the guilt 1 He had lied, and the lie had made him a thief. He went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowing what he did, tore the bauble off hia arm and flung it en tho Mantel. By his last act off bring ing it away he had made hie position a hundred times more serious, but ho did hot at once remember this. After ho had sat a whilo with his head botwoenhis hands, wondering if this really woro him self— if this really had happonod to him, this dreadful thing! ho Logan toseomoro clearly, Btill, lie could not nt onoo make up his mind what to do. Boyond aomo haay idea of returning tho bracelot by tho first post and going on tho continent— of course lie must resign his employment — ho had settled nothing, when o step out side mndo him start to hiB feet. Somo ono bnookod at tho door of hia ohambera. Ho stood listening, struck by a euddon fear. ' Tho police 1" ho eatd to himsolf. Bab a moment's thought satisfied 'him .that (t waa improbable tt not that thia summons should bo theirs; and ho went to tho door listlessly and throw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith in a eoft alouohod hat, hie liauda thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just gtnnoed at him and saw that hu wne alone ; and then, loavlrig liim to shut the door, rnturnod to his Chair arid sat down with his head between his hands again. He lookod already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment locking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had suoh a acone as has bcun described at your houito, but it ia worse, if a man ho u man, to face a fellow creature in hit time of shame, ''Look here, Wibberley," said Burton Smith at length, na much embarrassed us if ho had been tlio thief, "it Will be bettor to hush thin up. Give mo thia confounded bracelot to hand to Lady Linacre, and tiro thing shall go no further.1' Hia tone waa curiouBly suggestive, both of old friendship and prosent contempt and pity. But when ho hnd to repeat his question, wlioh Wibberley gave him no answer, his voico grew harsher. Even then the man with tho hidden face did not apeak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the muntcl. Burton Smith nteppod briskly to tho place indicated and lookod. Ho wna anxious to spnro tho culprit aa far aa pos sible. Yes, there waa the confoundod bracelet. Ho seized it, anxious, if tile truth be known, t:n escape from the place with all apeod. But ho laid it down tlio next instant quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together aa ho. turned sternly upon his companion, "This is not the bracelet," ho said. There was no smack of old ntl'cction in his tone now ; it wwj wholly hostile. His pntionce was oxhanstud. " It wns a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Linaoro Inst, aa you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or thrno poundH. For honvon's snlto, mail !" ho added with aiuldon vchoinonce, "for your own sako. do nut piiv tlio fool now. I say. wako up, Wihhovlov. For God's aakn whoro ia the bracelet V" No doubt den pair had partially be numbed Wililiorloy'd mind, fur still he did not spank, and Rurtnu Smith had to put his quention more than mice boforo ho got nn answer. When Wibborioy at last looked up it wr' with u dnzml faco. " What is it?" ho muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. " This is not Lady Linaora's bracelet." "It is not?" " No." Still confused, ntill avoiding the other's gravo look. Wil.hicloy rose, took tho bracelot. in his hand nnd 'rhinuod nsknnoo at it. Than Burton. Smith saw liim start violently. " It is of the siim« shape," repeated tlie barrister, ice in his voice; bethought the exchange a foolish, transparent orli- fieo. " But Lady Linaoro 'a bracelet lms n largo brilliant whoro that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Liunere'a brace- lot, Wibborley." The accused man t.nrnod sway, th o circlet, in his hand, mid wont to tho win dow. whore he stood for a moment with out looking out, into tho darkness, The curtains woro not drawn. As ho stood there, otherwise motionless, his nluiuldcrs tromhlcd so violently that n certain dreadful suspicion soized bis late host ; and tho latter desisted froin watching Mm and looked about for a vial or & glass. At tho end of tho minuto Wibberley turned. For tho first time he confronted hiB visitor. Hia eyes were strangely bright, his face very palo ; but hia mouth was strong and firm. " I never snid it was, you. know," he answered grimly. " What was ?" " I never said it was Lndy Lhtnore's. It was you who said that," ho continued, hi- head high, a singular olinnge ovideut in his demeanor, nti ineiuivoness almost harsh in his tone. "It was you— you who suspected me ! I could not show my nriri with that bracelet on it." " And whoso braoolot 1b it ?" Burton Smith naked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by the sudden change in the man's demeanor as by his donial. "It is Joanna Burton's. Wq arc en gaged,' Wibberley replied sternly — so entirely hod the two men cbangod places. " She 'intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on tho table and secroted it when I thought no ono waa looking. It was a foolish tiling to do." " And it was my cousin's, bracelet that May saw you take ?" " Precisely." Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that wo need not repeat here. Then he added : " But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain ?" " Firstly," Wibberley replied with force, " because I should have had to proclaim iny ougngomont to all those fooiB, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly— well, I did not wish to oonfons to boitig such an idiot as I aotuully wan." " Umph I" said Burton Smith, slowly, an odd lightin his oyea. " I think yon were n fool, but— you will shake hands ?" " Certainly, old chappie." And thoy did so very warmly. " Now, then," oontinned tho barrister, his faco bocoming serious again, " the question is, whore is Lady Linacro's bracelet ?" "That is hardly my businone," said Wibberley. " I am euro you will excuse my saying so. I have lmd trouble enough with it — J know that— and if you don't mind I'm off to bod." But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibberloy did not go to bed a once. Mr. Burton Smith, hurrying home ward — to find when ho reaohed Onslow Mansions that Lady Linaoro's braoojot had been discovered in a itounco of lior dross— would have boon vory mtioh sur prised indeed oould ho havo looked into the ohambera a minute after hie own de parture. He Would have soen his friend caBt down on his kneoa before a groat chair, his face hidden, hia form shaken by wild, hystorlcfil sobbing. For once Wibberley was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all men to awako and find their doom A dream. Only iu dreams does tlio cripple get his strength again, and tho mur derer his old plaoo among his follow men. Wibborley whb fortunate. And tho lesson— did he take it to heart ? Woll, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay— ask Joanna. Sho should know. Vfrnsa thou art obliged to speak, be sun to apeak tho troth; lor eqolvoeatlon it half my tn tvino. and Wina ia the whole wav to. eternal dtstroottoiL -William Peno, 9 