THE DEAN'S WIFE. There is, as a rale,' an all-pervading hush of solemnity in an old cathedral city. It may "be the cohoentratod emotion, the piti able iutcnsity.'of the varied prayors of many human lives,, hallowed by the spot, though foFgottoh. Association is a lesser eternity. Oh thisJuue afternoon, made enjoyable by a Bummer's sun and tho young green of many leaves and bright grass, tho precinots pf' Claybury were looking their love liest. In the midst towered the cathe- dral, grey and impusing with the dignity of virtuous old age. There lay the Deanery ; on the right, tho sohools ; further on, two of tho canons' houses. A sequestered enclosure, the reward of scholar- Bhtp-or of . intoresl — a wbrlrily instance to the . clerical fraternity of tho "Many are culled but few are choson." The presont Dean of Claybury wns a youngish man, not yet tive-und-forty ; eleoted by tho incoming tido of practical ideas as a worker rather thau a scholar. Ascetic, very benevolent, with one or two irreconcilable traits, tho Dean passed aB a man to be revered, though hardly under stood ; and ho seemed to have forfeited his chanoes of a bishopric, for ho was already married to his second wife. Notwithstanding this .grave lapso from tho fitness of things, committed in tho years of a lean benefice, widowcrhood, young children, and prospects that " in creased directly as tho square of distance," tho Dean was exceedingly popular. He was sympathetic, and, in tho prolonged "day of small tliings," had outworn a tasto for arrogonce. The Dean's present wife had been his children's governess. It wab a case of charity and a character understood on tho man's part— yonr -clever people en courage the fallacy of insight — of grati tude, nnd an aim for goodness on tho woman's. The Dean had read the Lessons at the afternoon service, una meeting his wife near tho cloisters, proceeded with her toward home. They talked iu the easy manner of cultured people on the best of terms with each other. Tho Dean had tho dogmatic accent of a dignitary, and Was unuware of it, though in the strict privacy of his own bosom ho perfectly understood the publican who averred "Ho was not as other men are." "Let me seo," the Dean was saying, " Edward is coming by the four o'clock ox- press. Wo shall bo in tiino to receive him." " Sure to he. Why is he coming, I wonder?" Mrs. Worsley, taken as a whole, was an agreeable woman, with an alluring smile. She had, however, one or two features that physiognomists say deuote vicious tendencies. " My dear Flo ! Having recently returned from India, after an absence of some years, bo may wish to see how his cousin wears. Joel Edwards is a peculiar man. I would defy anybody to settle finally whether he is a great philosopher or a great fool." "Then he is likely to provo an acquisi tion." The Dean shrugged his shoulders. "If one could hope to niako oneself understood by hint, it would be like a ' ray of sunlight illuminating a wooden oracle.' You woultl carry away an impression of wood." "I hope ho is not so bad as Canon Thomas. We seem to fall in for all the old posers." "ISo prepared for an indefinable speci men, and mostly ' ock'urd,' as nurse terms it." "You always help me so at understand ing people, Maurice." Mrs. Worsley smiled fondly at her distinguished husband. "To my wife, of course, I may be candid. Still, I do nut oucourage appraising fellow- beings at a cheap rate." They were Hearing tho Deanery, dull- looking and old- fashioned on the outside ; the inferior replete with modern convenience and eotnfort. " That 13 the fly rumbling along Market-street," observed tho Dean, taking up some letters that lay on the hall table, " Would you Iiko him to soe tho children now or wait till dessert?" Mrs. Worsley was drawing off her gloves, and contem plating the usnal performance for the benefit of tho Doan's relations, when sho posed as the best of stepmothers, and spoke only on well- chosen topics. "Oh— till dessert. Children take liberties with Joel, ond victimise him." The fly shortly afterwards stopped at tho door. There were three large leather trunks oh the roof, and a plaid, containing a walk ing- stick, umbrella and white sun umbrella. A face looked out of the window ; a fair, broad, beardless face, with pile eyes of the most observant or the most vacunt of thoir kind. Alight summer suit and a straw hat were the salient points of equipment. Any- ono having once Been tho face could hardly forget or mistake it. Waiting somewhat in Bhadow stood Mrs. Worsley. When she caught a glimpse of the meaningless smile of the face framed by the open fly window a rigidity seemed to seize the well-proportioned outline of her figure, and her clear complexion faded. Joel Edwards entered with a mackintosh on his army a field glass in his hand. The Dean spoko in his professional manner, ten dering two of his long while fingers. A man servant watched iii the background. Mrs. Worsley 's turn came, 8 he shook bands without speaking. Her huaband wondered to seo , her so distraite, Joel Edwards' smile became more bland and broad. "You've po dogs about, I hope?" was his first remark, us ha searched his waistcoat pocket for small change. " One iu the yard chained up," rejoined the Doan. " Ah,- you keop children," as if reassured. " Three trunks, a carry-all, and a case of natural mineral waters." This to the ser vant. Tho Dean led the way to the drawing- room. " Obliged to bring my own mineral waters," said Edwards, addressing Mrs. Worsley half apologetically. "I get them direct from tho spring." Mr. Edwards declined the tea whioh was presently brought, and expressed a wish to see the cathedral. "Maurice was aware of / his consuming interest in urohteology." To his hostess he-said that he had always been a "snapper-up of unconsidered mo ments," and it seemed to her - that his manner was stiff for so boneless a man. They departed, and Mrs. Worsloy sat alone. Her personality concentrated itself in a strained, fixed stare. Reminiscences thronged her brain. She was feeling more guilty than anyone but herself was likely to suppose. "Is thoro no such thing as acceptable repentance ?" she muttered between her clenched teeth. "Is the present always likely to bo haunted by ghosts from tho past? Can ono never begin again in this life ? He has gone out with him to toll him —to till him. Is ho a fool? Has ho for gotten? .Neither; I am betrayed." She rose, polled aside tho muslin curtain, and gazed fiercely in tho direction of the cathedral. Nervous apprehension and fright had changed the Dean's debonnairo wife into an object for pity. # . - # Mrs. Worsloy did not appear at dinner that evening, but ahe wub constrained to face possibilities on the morrow. Nothing transpired. She had undergone ghastly torments unnecessarily. Joel Ed wards doubt less bad the guileless mind of one not penetrating by habit. Mrs. Worsley re covered her spirits; she showed oil' tho children con brio and conversed with aplomb. Only she aould not understand tho expression of his baffling eyes. They sat together, Jcol Edwards and Mrs. Worsley; under a largo lime tree on tho Deanery lawn. The- Dean had gono to morning scrvico, and the three children quarrelled ovor tho gamo of tennis playod according to thoir notions. Tho shouting, domineering vigor of thesa youngsters was deoidediy appalling to a liverish man. \- "This exuberance of childhood," observed Joel, whoso countenance resembled tho rising sun in a straw hat. "Quito natural— admirable, in fact. I admit all that ; but, you know, nerve.bar- rowing." _ " The, children aro lioedlcss, certainly; con sidering tho Dean's wisdbm and his lata wife's reputation for saintlitiess." Mrs. Worsley had jealous twiugcB concern ing hor predecessor— sho hardly know why. _ " Godliness is a kind of veneer that apolo gises for all sorts of fuiiings. But ym must havo known tho luto Mrs. Worsloy, highly polished— conventionally so." "Oh, yes 1 She did her best to liko mo. Hor polish, however, contrasted " Sho hesitated und laughed. "No? Really!" Joel Edwards seemod lost and stupid again, and his eyes goaglcd serenely at a cat making towards thorn, whoso air of leisurely well-being was ex ceedingly refreshing to witness. " Ah ! pardon ntc, I've been intending to ask you. Da you happen to know Jack Gurnoy's present address?" Quito fivo minutes had elapsed since Joel EdwardB had last spokon, an interval, in which Mrs. Worsloy bad stroked the oat, and sent one of tho children in disgrace to the schoolroom. "Jack Gurney ?" sho repeated, interroga tively, with open surprise. "Ycb; you know— my brothor's servant. The Edwards are very highly strung— nerves at the bottom of everything. My brotlior— tomporary mental abboration— was soma six months in a private asylum,. Gurney went with him. I have wished to reward him moro amply for his services; but advertisements havo proved unsuc cessful." Mrs. Worsley pulled her tan -gloves lengthwise. "I know no one of that namo,"shc answered deliberately. Tho round pale eyes, examining tho neutral composure of Mm. Worsley's features, Bhowod amazement, as when ono suddenly faces a palpable lie. " Really !" (most politely) " I will per mit tnyselC to have been mistaken. At Tortue's Restaurant some fivo years ago I sec-rn to have seen you and iio together." " Obviously thero must havo been a mistukc." Joel's eyes looked rounder than over, and Mrs. Worsley bowed her head silontly. The mulflcd- tones of the organ stole out from the cathedral — tho morning sun intensified the scent of the lime blossoms. " kit. Edgiva's grille, tho mosaic near the grille. I must examine it again," he said, rising abruptly. "Excuse mo I" und rising his hat he smiled vacuously and departed. Oh, the blessing of a ignoring discrimina tion 1 Mrs. Worsley felt small, but she had a wonderful recovering power. » Ciaybury had bocn galvanised by a rail way accident which had happened within a milo of its sleepy station. . Garrulous witli astonishment were t ltd simple-minded country folk. Such catastrophes were for the big junctions, where the labyrinth of rails made safe traffic a miraole. Tho injured were carried to the cottage hospital and received due attention at tho hands of leeal medicos. Old fellows con versed outside the building und w.qndcred whether such a one had had his arm ampu tated. "Mayhap it was something -innard as well." Mrs. Worsley, bringing ilowgrs and fruit, and drawn in her low basket carriage by the fat cob, stopped in front of tho hospital on a duty visit the third day after the accident. Tho sight of suffering was distasteful to her ; it inadu her dream horribly. But thero- was no-being a clorgyman's wife without some Bick visiting. With a sense that something was going to happen which had haunted her all tho morn ing, she was conducted to a long ward, clean and bare. The nearest patient had asurgicul bandage round his head, and appeared. un conscious. His case was explained by tho nurse in a low whisper. Whether Mrs. Worsley became conscious that eyes were upon her or not, her own orbs strayed to a bed further down the ward. For the second time in her life she became, morally and physically speaking, rooted to the spot. Tho collected and sharp- witted Mrs. Worsloy began talking at random. Sistar Edith wns surprised and ventured a modest correction. " Who is the patient in the fourth bed from hero ?" she inquired with -a fair pre tence of casual interest. "A man named Wilson, madam. His paronts live at Wrays. Sad, was it not, that ho should be injured bo near home?" Wrays was a small outlying villnge. Then bIio was not mistaken. "Is ho inn dangerous condition ?" " We can hardly tell, madam. He has an excollcnt constitution." In tho course of a quarter of an hour, with a theatrical calculation as to effect, Mrs. Worsloy had taken the chhir by Wilson's bedside. She managed to get rid of the nurso. " I am sorry to find yon here, so ill," she stated, a certain natural hardness settling in her voice and manner. , . "Are you? I'm not going to pog out just yet if I can help it. I was on the way to look you up." "You were?" " My old mother lives a matter of foiir miles away. Thoy had your likenesB at my brother Tom's." Mrs. Woroloy impatiently regretted hav ing given the local photographer a job. Photos of the Dean and his wife were pur chasable in Claybury from a shilling up wards. " Surely you wcro not going to persecute me, Jack ?' " Were cot? Why should you havo all tho luck to yourselt ? You have got a nerve on you I" He tried to laugh; but evidently the attempt caused a twinge of pain. "It is spiteful and unmanly. I made a great aaerifioe for you," "Not a bit of it. You moant self— and so did I." Sister Edith made as if to approach, This was a patient who had been enjoined not to talk. "I sinceroly hope yon may recover," Bald Mrs. Worsley for the edification of this personage, and rising as she' spoke, "Our times are iu tho hands of Ono abovo. All hero havo our prayers." Wilson grinned sardonically. Mrs. Worsley glided away. In hor hurry to got out s'ho overlooked a poor old man watching expectantly, who had been an in patient for some time, and accustomed to a few words from the Dean's lady. # , # # « When Joel Edwards first arrived at the Deanery Mrs. Worsley had been besido her self with alarm. A more potent ovil threat ened. Wilson, known to Edwards as Jack Gurnoy, could denounce ber. There could be no escape — no pardon. Her husband was very tolerant, but the crucial test of being aeked to exhibit tho virtue on his own hearthrug had never been applied. Long reflection proved Mrs. Worsloy tho most iniserablo of women. Sho did not know how to suit her requirements to the situation. Sho bad some conviction that " honesty is the host policy," Un doubtedly, if one has been invari ably honest. Is had been bucIi a tedious day— withal a day sho could have enjoyed with delight had it not keen for her shadow. Thero had been a concert in the city. Two musioal celobrities on tour had honored Claybury with their presence. Harmony delightfully rendered eupplied a kind of chiarosouro for uneasy goblins. Thoy wore dressing for dinner, the Dean and his wife. A fine sunset glow illuminated tho large squaro room and satinwood furniture. Tito Doun was putting a fow finishing tuuohos to his hair. Mrs. Worsloy, watching the process, had on a gown of cream silk nnd black jet trimmings. On# could not reconcile defeat with hor Bomeliow. They had been talking of "tlia wider hope" and similar ' things, and the occusion seamed born for con fidence, " Everything is hypocrisy ; all arc hypocrites," announced Mrs. Worsley, decisively. " Oh, sinoe whon ?" The Dean paused in the act of placing tho stopper in a bottle of hafrwash. " I don't know. Maurloc, I have always thought you tho noblest of mon," said Bhe, with just that fains indescribable Inflection : of voice that botrayB the Bpoaker to havo 1 reserves. " Could you forgive?" " I havo always endeavored " — turning suddenly—" What do you mean, I'lo ?" " What I want is the exorcise of a super human virtue for a miserable sin." The Doan, regarding her, observed tho ominous in her voice and manner. "My dear," he p.aid gravely, "do you wish to up- sot my digestion or iny gravity?" "It is real— real to me," sho continued wildly. "I am my, own world. Maurico, would your lovo for mo blot out an old offence?" " Withdeccptionofanykind Ihavo nothing in common." Tho Dean calmlyondued him self with his coat. " Then what 011 earth is tho use of religion ?" she cried derisively, " That depends on whether it is used as a cloak or as a guide. Talk no longer at random if you pleaBo," Tho cold incisive, ucss of his uucents brought her to a sense of concealment at all hazards. " Can you hlarno mo for trying to sound tho depths of goodness " — sho tried to laugh — "being, constantly assooiatcd with the heights ?" "You are not concealing anything from moj?" coldly. " No ; oh, no ;" glibly, and with a studi ously frank gaze. "Then civo me my gloves. I wish yon could como with me to tho Jeffersons, but I would not have our amiable cousin neglected for tho world. Don't let Cuthbert tease him at dessort." Evidently principles of honesty would meet a cold reception. Wilson had been re ported better yesterday, and with no money at command beyond the housekeeping and charily funds, of which tho Doan kept the strictest account, what she was to do? Her brain was nimble. On hor way to the drawing-room she called in ut tho Bchoolroom and said, "iBhall not want tho chiidrcn downstairs to-night. Miss Giles." « In tho twilight preceding tho announce ment of diuuer Joel wus Dothing but a mild Btare and monosyllables. At table Mrs. Worsley waited till he had imbibed his soup and began to feel tho elevating effect of a little wine. Poor victim ! How was ho to know that sho was waiting for some token of being appreciated as a woman rather than a wife. "I often wish thero was a little more vaiioty in clerical life," she had been saying. "It's a nuisance to have to livo up to the profession." "Granted, There is something painful in the standard of British ideals. Now in India we are moro free and easy." " That suits a man of your broad notions and vast ideas." " Well, yes, in a sense," wagging his head doprecatingly. "Doyou kuow," with an air of havinggivon the question deep consideration — "lam sure you would make tho best and truest of friends?"— bending forward with u warm light in hor eyes. "I? Oh, I doubtless have the average capability ot affectionate response." " More ; more thau that, 1 am convinced. The readiest of sympathy, the promptest of help. And, Mr. Edwards, no woman is so sorely in need of a friend aB I." Joel Edwardu' countenanco came forth from behind tho mild fumes of alcohol like the sun from behind a cloud, with tho utmost alacrity. " Madam, I wish to retain tho greatest Fespect for you." He had enough virile conceit to anticipate from a masculine point of view, "So good of you. But I want you to help me ; and you musu't ignore the circum stances any longer." She was trembling and terribly. in earnest. The dessert was on the table, und a peach remained on her plate untouched. "Spare me," ho requested, in a low key, and with an outward gesture of his fat white hands. "I prefer to remain a friend, but in total ignorance. I—" "Impossible," she interrupted insistently. "Do not — you must not fail me." _ Ho wiped the dew. of perspiration from his brow, and grew redder with inward pro testation. "Spare yourself then," lis hesitatingly commanded. "Speak of othor matters. That poor fellow, I knew him under the alias of Gurnoy — his real name, I am told, was Wilson — died at the hospital thi3 after noon of an internal injury not suspected — not suspected, poor chap." Mrs. VYorsloy sat petrified. Then eamo a spasm of inexprosslblo relief. " Who told you ?" she murmured faintly. "Canon Thomas, who had recently in quired at the hospital. Gurney was a good servant, and as such I wish to remem ber him " (impressively). " He— he made no statement?" Her lips were dry and eager. " No. May I troublo you to pass that deoantor?" Joel Edwards had resumed his customary imperturbability. Mrs. Worsley felt a physical exhilaration that was altogetner Eeuce. On tho lioriis of a dilemma, she had eon saved by " a great philosopher or a great fool," 