AMUSEMEN1&' THE DRAMA, &0\. 0 - While according Messrs. Williamson and Mus- grovo every oredit for foresight, business tactics and knowledge of the prevailing popular taste, we aro dieposod to think them in error in' hold ing another season of tho Gaiety people in Mel- bourne nt present, nnd with nothing better than, a rechauffe of the good things of whioh the pub lic has had woll nigh a surfeit. The old saying, "superfluous lags the veteran on tbo stage," refers with equal force to special' entertainments as to thoso old and ofton worthy artists who, hi despite of "Time's, defaoing fingers," will porsist in keeping the boards. Now, Faust Up To Date, Joan of Aro, nnd similar media for travesty and foaling, havo done excollent sorvieo for the management, and might with advantage have been laid aside, so that the company, now depleted of many of its leading members, might be permitted to finish up with a hand gallop at least, On Saturday ovoning tho Prinoess'B Theatre was crowded in nil parts, but tho per formance of Faust Up to Dato scarcely war ranted such a demonstration in foroe. Of the original company there have been left in the piece only Mr. Lonnen, Miss Lethbridge, Miss Leamor and Mr. Haslem, and truth to toll thoy seemed weary of the "damnable iteration" of their parts. Miss Lethbridge, who Is tbe per- Bonification of grace and amiability undor jail oiroumstanoes, seemed greatly distressed physi cally by her skirt dance, but nevertheless ro- peated her performance at the imperative ond inconsiderate domands of hor audionoo. Mr. Lonnon had litorally to put his foot down to avoid a similar imposition, and littlo Miss Lonmar had hor good tomper no less strained in the endeavor to satisfy the galleries, Tho manifestations of applause did not come from tho reasoning portion of the audionoo. Tliey wore confinod to tho upper regions, nnd were as stupid as inappropriate. The fact iB there was very littlo if anything to ovolvo onthusiasm ovor tho night's entertainment. There was almost' nothing new, nnd what was familiar did not riso nbovo medioority. Popular admiration is apt to asnumo an obfuscated and even a maudlin form in relation to artists. Tho loading mombors of tho company had distin guished themselves by nttaoking a newspapor office in Duneilin, and wrooking tbo premises, and it was desired by tho unthinking orowd that rushed tho upper gallery that tho amazons should bo accorded nil ovation. If thiB were really tbe intention, it proved a fizzle, and tho oxtravngnnt laudationB that greoted tho per formers during the evening beoamo nauseating oven to tbo artists themselves. Mr. Lonnen with all bis indefatigablo oxcrtions to keop tho ball rolling, showed ovidont signs of weariness. His old spontaneity had vanished. Tbe jokes bad lost their flavor, tho business no longer set pooplo laughing, and tho want of something novel was painfully felt all round. ; Tho song My Dear Old Dutch,' a coster song, was given for the first-time by Mr. Lonnen, and was thoroughly- and dosorvodiy applauded, pos sessing as it did a substratum of real pathos and feeling, although supposed to be given by a cos- tor, wboBe avocation and associations mo not conducive to tbo evolution of poetic sontimont. Ho gave for tho vooifero'us encore accorded bim by tho gallery ' Mrs. 'Encry 'Awkins, whioh is sufficient to orcato a nightmare as overpowering as the 'Boom-de-ay Bong. Tho repetition of this wos demanded; but Mr. Lonnen seomed by this timo to havo realised the absurdity of tho posi tion, and emphatically doolinod. ' Miss Leth bridge danced with all her faiiy liko grace and finish of style. Yot it was clear that her health scarcely admitted of tho strain upon hor strength. Miss Leamar lias vivacity to recommend her, and sho pleases tho gods, no doubt. Mr, Haslem had littlo, aiid nothing oharnoterlstio, to do in tho fragmentary part of Faust, the old philo sopher. Miss'Lcila Rozo does not' possess much voice, hut sho' is dainty and attraotive in nppoarancc, 'qualifications whioh upon the burlbsquo stage mako amends for many short comings. The same may bo Bnid of Aggie IColton. Miss Addie Conyers was converted into Marguerite, a character which, evon in its travestied form, she can; hardly bo considered to bo' woll suited for. Mr. Courtnoidgo, whose drollery is of tho semper eadem order, had a vory arduous task to kc'cp his audionoo alive to the fnot that his exquisite fooling was designed for those' who'' laugh. The truth is that Gaiety burlesques will not stand revival. Thoy must bo taken fizzing or thoy bsoomo flat, stale and unprofitable, like champagne from whioh the sparklo lias dopartod, or soda wator with no beaded bubbles winking at the hrim. Mr, Utting has boon enqoursged to oontinuo his loaso of tho Theatre Royal, and though the stylo of his dramas'may smack of the old Vio. of a bygone generation in Londoii, yet' the entertainment scorns to batch on sufficiently toeimblo the ghost' to walk and leave soniothing for the managoment besides. It .Is melanoholy, of oourse, to see &' leading theatre 'surrendered ' to'busiiioss unworthy of its prestige and tradi tions, but in tbeso depressed and depressing times we havo to regard all dramatio representa tions in tlio samp light as a gift, horse. On . "Saturday night Tho Rebellion mado way for The Great World, of - London, a subjcot that we thought : for . melodramatic purposes had long since beon' ".exhausted. : Mr. Utting is evidently ' of the opposite opinion, and ho has accordingly worked'' up. the'' follow ing story; into a - four'- not' drama Sir Henry Blessingtbn entertains 'certain matri monial designs' for tho btraefit of his' son and heir, Arthur, wlio'm '- he dosiros to 'marry Miss > ' Florenoo Transom,' the daughter -of- a well to do-: sharebroker. , Proving.; reoaloitrant, : Arthur's.': banishment from his ancestral homo hf decreed . by the ' old gontleman. - The outoast, - liko all ' suoli, makes bis way to 'Loudon for the doublo purpose of meeting his real sweetheart, a Miss Mortimer, and trying to push bis fortunes. Ho onoountcrs' his cousin,' Arundel, who fleeces bim -aF. ttts'attntlnKln nasli a4'- 4I,a Msn,K1!..'L t.l.t.- _.! ; w u.a uvuiMtww biuii uy gttmumig unu otherwise >provos ' himself a : bad lot. "When - old Sir Hoiity follows liia poor boy to' London tOgbring blip 'borne, 'Arundel conceives tho bar' Wroifo Bouotm! of murdering hi unolo and mak- "o SMWIUS IO VIIU utiipiik . jjjf .alieeraofildont tbo plot ia circumvented by tWJXbamos babituuH, who rosouo Sir Henry from drowning,- after Arundcl'a ruffians baya pilobod him overboard from a boat engaged for the purposes of tbo crime. Arthur baviug been denounced as an intending paraeide is arrested and convloted at_ tho Old Bailey, and is only savod from- a violent and ignominious death by tbe diaint'erostcd kindness of- Bob- Adams and Jemmy Hawkins; who bad been' instrumental in - preserving Sir -Henry BlcBBingtou from drown ing. The innoconoe of tbe hero is! proved in timo to obtain ; for 'him . a reprieve, and thp villain ohoats tbo hangmen ouly by committing suioUlc# Tbo play was- very commendably staged and acted. Miss Edith Applcton afforded . further proofs of her histrionic abilities as tho heroine, and it is satisfactory to sco that 'the namoB of Mr. Appleton and Miss Jonny Bryce are inoludod in tbo bills. They aro thorough ' artists, and wo havo littlo doubt that they do much to assiBtiii tbo bugcgss of the season at tho Royal. They are compotent, hardworking and oonsolontlous, - and arc - not pasat, at least . in those, linos- wherein they made their reputation A ' sort of underplot is introduced, nnd in this a comical baker and his sweetheart mako muoh fun, whioh acts as a foil . to' tho tragic occurrences of the 'main story; Miss' Jonhy Bryco as Mnty Glbaou, tho baker's ; dulcinea, showed sho has lost nothing of that brightness th'at'oharaoterised the days when sho playod Belinda to Mr LingardVbutterman in Our Boys. Miss Carrie Bilton had a congenial part as Little Jommy,-tho water rat; and Mr Apploton was an exoellont mate to the sprightly . Jemmy, whose spirits nothing oould dash, and whose mission appeared to be to play tho good Samaritan for all and 'sundry. Mr. Hnyg&rth;'a . experience should be a guarantee of conscien tiousness, and so far left littlo to bo doaired'; and Mr. Vernon - was ono of those complete scoundrels that rouses a gallery audionoo to a pitch of indignation and hatred. ' Altogether the picoo was commendably produced, and was enabled to draw fairly well during tho week. The Victoria Hall, for bo many years associ ated with variety performances, was reopened., on Saturday last with a newly organised com pany, undortho management of Messrs. Wallace and Maitland. Tho place for tho future Is'to bo - known as Tho Pavilion, and will be conducted more after the style of its London - con geners, Mr. Wallace Ib facile vrihccpa as ft stngo manager; and lie., should. make the now reniuro a meson. .The.oompany also has been well selected, r and inoludos several admirable variety artists. The performance opened with a tekit upon reconstruction generally, and tbe babies in'parjaoulnr, and it constituted an cxoel- lent appetiser ;£or wlint was to follow, in the form of ; songs and danoos and the marvellous skill exhibited by the Bedouin Arabs. A Quaker ballet followed,' and. though the old time joko : at the ' expense of the ecoentrlcitios of the \- Society of Friends has, -long sinoe lost its point, yet tho association of the extravagance of . the ballet with what is regarded as strictly moral and even pious must always raise a smile. Tho benevolent Mr. Squaretoes is 'a character unknown to colonial life, and in America' irad England, and especially in Ireland, whore' the seot whs once very numerous, tho peculiarities of Fox's disciples have been rapidly disappearing. The Quaker ballet' might bo considered : as a hint taken from tho Vicar of Bray, but, whatever its sourco, it constituted a very amusing feature of the , entertainment. Mr, Sydney Ooloville is a valuable acquisition to the variety, stage, and tho Franzlni Brothors displayed their acrobatism to an apprcointive nudicnco. The burlesque sketali of tho Battlo of Dnnodin, in whioh the Gaiety people distin guished themselves, oreated a good deal. of nmusemont, and oh the whole tho first night 'under the new auspices may be oonsidored a success. , ' The Waxworksstill bids snooessfully for . tho publio patronage, and there cau bo no'doubt as .to the powors of Protessor.Davis and Miss Grace .Stanley .to draw. in their pleasing second sight entertainments. , The Garden of Eden is tho namo of a new Bido show nt the Itotun'da B.ourke-street claiming a share of publio recognition. Mr. Snuzelle's musical and olocutionary show on Sunday at the Opera House drew a largo attendance. The proceeds, however, wero evi dently not so satisfactory, judging from the remarks and tempor of the benificiairc, owing to the payment for admission taking tho form of sending round the hat when tho nudienco was seated. It is undoubtedly had, indeed, exeorable, taste on tho pait of certain individuals to , substitute, buttons for Bmall aoins in giving their contributions, yet that docs not justify Mr. Snazelle in coming before tho footlights and stigmatising people as cads and such like. Theso exhibitions of ill temper and rudeness on the part of a candidate for publio consideration aro in tlio worse possible form ; and when super- added to this is an attack upon the clergy for protesting, against what they regard as the desecration of tbo Sabbath, the proceeding cannot be approved , of. A resolution protest ing. against clorioal interference was moved by a Mr. Bailey, a gentleman only, known as desirous at one timo of publishing a Sunday pnper, and was seconded by tho redoubtablo agitator, Mr. Fleming, whoso advooacy gave disappointment if not umbrago to many, who otherwise approved of Mr. Snuzcllo's efforts. The Alhambra supplemented its Variety Show by tlie inclusion of Billy Emerson in tho company on Saturday night. ... . . ; . ; -The Gaiety theatre attaohed to. the Bijou was , a sourco of attraction during tho week, the por- formnnoo given oonsisting of songs, dances and reeitatious. . 