LIGIQBS lECQBBS. .^iret Last, and Last First. By C. H. SruEdEoir. \- But many thai are first shall be last; and tlie C" last shall be first.—Matthew six. 30. I: So the last shall be first, and the first last.— \- JMattbewxr-lfi. , B ■ I dare say that yon have heard sermons from j .: this text, hut probably not preached from it in j i Ms connection. I like to take the text as it ,■ wtands, and get from it a hit of exposition for , any own heart, which I may pass on to von ; r (for, remember, although the text away "from j Jits connection may be true, yet it is not the jtrnth which God there intended to teach ns, |and it becomes us to look about us to see what •comes before the text and what comes after, in j .order that we may catch the exact meaning of the Holy Ghost in giving the words. . P X shall begin by dwelling upon tliis remark; m the service of .our Lord free grace is mani fested. It may vnot strike yon as being upon the surface of'the text, but it lies on the veiy surface of the whole connection; in the service of our Lord free grace is manifested. Think that over. i It must he so, in the first place, because, although it is rewarded, all our service is already due to God. Under the law we are bound to love the Lord with all our heart and with all our soul, and with all our mind, and .with all onr strength. There can be nothing beyond thht. Afl that we can do we are already bound to do, under the law. "Works of supererogation"must be impossible, since the law comprehends all holiness, and condemns every form of sin. When we have done all, we are unprofitable servants; we have done no more than it was our duty to do. Hence, liretlu-en, if there be a service to which we are called, and for which a reward is promised, it must bo a service of grace. It cannot be an v other. Under the gospel, the same thing is true; all that we can de is already due " Ye "re not your own; for ye are bought with a price.' There is no faculty, there is no capacity, there is no possibility of your nature which is not "redeemed, and which does not belong to Christ by virtue of the ransom price which He has paid for it. You will gladly and gratefully own the obligation to do all that hctb in Ton, for Him who loved you, and bought yon with His precious blood. So we take another step, and we" say, as our second bead, hence the Lord has His own way of measuring what we do. Yon see that in the case of these persons who had toiled in the vineyard; their master measure their work after his own fashion. He did not go by the regular pay way of so much an hour; but, inasmuch it was all of grace, this great householder made the reward to he after his own measure, a penny for one hour and a penny for 12 hours. He made the last equal to the first. So shall it be: "The last shall be first, and the first last." This is because we are dealing here, not with a legal paymaster, but with a God of grace who measures onr sen-ice, which itself is all of grace, by His own measurement, and not by I ours. . HewiU reward every worker, but not as we judge. Ho will do no man any injustice, even in the omnipotence of His grace. He will be able to say to eveiy worker, " Friend, I do thee no wrong." He will do no wrong to any one of His servants, whoever they may be—rest sure of that—but still He will reply, " It it not lawful for Me to do what I will with Mi™ own f" and He wi!l reward His workers in His . own royal yet gracious way. .So, then, He will not reward us according to the time spent or surface covered. Some may bo Christians for 30 or 40 vears, and may never be among tbe first. It is not the length of your service, good as that is, that wilfbe God's gain. There may be some shall come to Cnnst and go home to heaven in a simrle vear and yet shall bring great honour °to their Master. It is not the length of time in which you arc engaged in the Lord's service. Neither is it the space that is apparently covered. Some seem to do a great deal, skim" i air "over a wide surface, but it is not so that the Master measures—neither by the hour nor yet by the acre. That might be a leg .1 way of measurement, but. His gracious wav of niea iurcment is not so. 4 An&Hevrill; not measure out the retvard according to our ability, whether it be mental nbility, ability of substance, or ability of op portunity ; for some of us might come in for a large share, and others might come in for a very little, if this were the rale. But this is not the way the Master measures. If to one man He gives the gut of speed,, to another the geat gift of diving deeply into the meaning of His word, and to another experience, aud so on, yet the reward to the persons holding these ▼anous gifts will not be in proportion to the gifta they hare, but after quite another role. . P10 rc,r"r<J will not he according to the judgment of men. A brother has served God in his way, and his brethren think much of him, and appoint him to an office. He is a deacon, oraneld-r, or pcradventurc he becomes apastor. It is a high reward to be allowed ibus to increase our opportunities of usefulness, bntwe shall not at last be rewarded according to the height of office. That is not the standard in this kingdom, where Christ rules. Above all, no man shall lie measured by his own judgment, else I know some friends who .would have a very grand reward. They are free from sin; they are perfect, they sav; their Master knows, if they do not, whether that is true or not. Another says, •' I have done this, and I have done that." But it is not what you ray that you have done that will gauge your Master s reward to you. There are some .that speak very loudly of what they had ac complished. I do not think that their brethren for the most part think the more of them for tliink . fag 10 much of themselves. J I believe that thore ^rho have lower opinions of their own capacity jnd usefulness are much more honoured in the presence of the saints of God. No, our sclf juagment, our tall talk, our loud profession, and / 33^ no' the measure with which we shall be rewarded : else those who said, "We have borne the burden and heat of the day," would have had 2d. at least, if not 3d., or perhaps, even Is. in proportion to those poor \ creatures, whom the Master mado equal to them, though they had only come in at the eleventh hour. Our reward will not be according to the im pression mudo among- men. We may have made our mark upon our age, aud neighbour hood, and surroundings. Some men's names will go down to posterity; others have no fame at all. It will be found of some men that their lives are written and emblazoned everywhere. Others will lire in the little circle of their family, but not beyond that narrow rango. But God will not measure so. The godly house-. wife, with four or five children trained for God in her cottage, may be reckoned of God i among the first, and the able speaker, in his ! pulpit, who has thousands hanging on his lips, may bo reckoned of God among the last. God has His own ways of measuring up men's works. Bat let me add that we shall not be rewarded even according to our success. To some men i success is meted out in large measure; that 1 success which really is not their own, but is , the fruit of other men's labours. A man preaches the gospel with many tears for years, and sees little fruit. He dies ; another man, of earnest spirit, follows him, and gathers in the . old man's sheaves. The former man [planted, | the other man entered into his labours. To . whom shall the reward be given ? The success is not due to him who seems to have achieved it. You remember the old Boraish legend, which contains a great truth. There was a : brother who preached very nightly, and who ! had won many souls to Christ, aud it was re vealed to him one night in a dream that in j heaven he would have no reward for all that he I had done. He asked to whom the_ reward | would go, and an angel told him that it would go to an old man who used to sit on the pulpit stairs and pray for him. "Well, it maybe so, though it is more likely that both would share their Master's praise.' We shall not be re- ; warded, however, simply according to our ] apparent success. Neither shall we be put down as one o£ the last because of non-success. God intends that | sonic men shall never succeed, according to the role of success that appertains among men; for He 6ent even His servant Isaiah to go and make the people's hearts hard and^'their ears dull of hearing; and He sent Jeremiah to weep over a nation to whom liis tears brought no [ repentance aud no reformation. He may send you, like Noah, to preach for 120 years, and j never get a 'soul beside your own family into I the ark. But if you are faithful, that is well I pleasing in His sight. Here lies the good I Eleasure of God. I do not suppose that it will j appen that you are to do all the ploughing and all the sowing, and there should never be an armful of sheaves for you in all your life ; though, if it should be thus, and you shall have been at the last found faithful to the commission that your God has given 'to you, verily, I say unto you, you. shall have your reward; but the reward is not measured out according to man's rule of success. , I think, dear friends, that God will measure j our work very much by our thought of Him ; in it. If we did it all to Him; if we did it j all for Him; if He was always in our mind in the doing.of it; and we do not think of our | friends, nor of our own reputation, God would be more likely to honour us, for he will put j those who think much of Him among the first* and others among the last. "Them that I honour Me," saith the Lord, " I will honour." I am sure that God measures much of our ] work according to the prayer we expend over j it. Oh, yes, it was a fine sermon! You could I tell how the preacher had worked at it; you I could see how be had polished up that phrase, and how be had cut that sentence iuto dice pieces to make it tell; but you could also f that be never prayed over it. A sermon that ■ is prayed over is worth ten thousand that are ] merely prepared, or copied, or that spring out I of a man's miud without being wrought by the ! Holy Spirit in his heart. Oh, to pray down j the sermon, and then to pray up the sermon, and pray it all over, resting upon God alone! And then, it may be, that they will take the j first place who did not get any reward for what ! they did. Our Lord tells us that when we are i making a feast we should call iu the blind, and the halt, and the lame. "Why? "For," He | says, "they cannot recompense thee." • He speaks of the Pharisees again, and says: " Eerily I say unto you, they, have their reward." You will not be paid twice. If you have done something for Christ—for instance, defended the faith—and you are denounced for it and traduced for it, very well, you have not had your pay for it. There remaineth the recompense for unrewarded services. It is a grand thiDg when, by the grace of God, you have something standing in God's book, not 'of law, but of grace, "iou helped a i man, aud lie w;is not grateful. Oh, ! so thankful that he was not grateful, because, if be had been grateful, you would have had your reward, may bo! When those you relieve are very kind after wards, and speak well of you, and do you some good service in return, it is very nice; of course it is. Well, but you are paid. But those who have done good and suffered for it; who for the beat thing that they did liave had the worst return; who have rendered kindness, and have only received unkinduess as the result; it may be that the Lord will say to them, "TheBC were last, but they shall be first; whereas many that stood first in men's esteem, and in the gratitude they received, will have to go last. Now, my time almost fails me, but you must bear with mc.on my third head; for here is the practical part of free grace in our service. Hence we have instructions as to our spirit as workers. If the work is all of grace, and if God has a way of measuring up that work, wliich is not all according to the law, but of His own grace, then there are two things to be observed. First, do not be proud; secondly, do not be discouraged. Do not be proud, for many that are first shall be last. Suppose, my dear friend, that you really are first, and are doing a gwat deal ] for God, "will yon be proud? Why, you are only a greater debtor. You owe all the m°r® to mat grace which has enabled you to be of some service iu the kingdom of your Lord. Lie low at your Lord's feet, and be very humble. There is one thing that is absolutely certain. If you-are among the first, you will reckon yourself to bo among the last. He that is best thinks himself the worst. What a description St. Paul gives of himself in the soyonth of Romans! "Oh," says one, "I heard a person say that St. Paul was not a converted man when he wrote that."* Let me tell you that he had been in the third heaven when, ho wrote that bit of deep experience. Ho had so much likeness to his Lord that he excelled every other man then living, except, per haps, John; and if it had not been for his extraordinary holiness he would never have : been able to pen those tremendous groanings wherein he says, " 0 wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the hody of this death ?" The man who thinks that he is holy ha* never seen the holy God, If he bod—if ho had ever beheld Him, ho would say with Job, " I have heard of Theo by the hearing of the car; but now mine eye seeth Theo. Wkere for^--1 abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes." The superlative perfection of the Lord God [and the absolutely perfect example of our Lord Jesus Christ are such that, if a man has ever had communion with these, he shrinks into nothing'in his own esteom. He that is really first is always the man who is willing to be accounted last." Paul, though he is not a whit behind any of the apostles, yet calls him self less than tho least of all saints, and describes himself as having been the chief of sinners. Ah, beloved 1 a low idea of self is one of the labels with whioh God marks, the best of His possessions; therefore, do not he proud. In the next place, do not be discouraged. If j you feel that you are last, God'e measure is not I yours. Though you may think that you are j last, He may not think so at all. Though you Bay, "I am not worthy to he an apostle," yet He may think you worth putting you into the ; j apostlesbip. God's idea of your worthiness and I your own may greatly differ; and His estimate 1 is the true one. My last word to God's children is this—what does it matter, after all, whether we ore first or | whether wo are last ? Do not let us dwell too I much upon it, for we all share the honour given to each. "When we are converted we become members of' Christ's living body ; and as we grow in grace, and get the truo spirit that permeates that body, wo shall say, when any member of ifc is honoured, " This is honour for us." Go then, dear brothers and sisters, and work away for Christ, and do not envy one another, but all bo glad to be permitted, in this work of grace, to take any part or any portion, for your Lord. One thing more and I have done. I have only been talking to God's people all this while, because you that are not saved cannot serve Him. What a miserable position vours is. You are out of the pale of service. " God will receive nothing of you till you come to Christ. The only way to bring a sacrifice is to bring ifc through the Great High Priest, the Lord Jesus Christ. "Except -yc he converted, and become as little children", ye shall not enter iflto the kingdom of heaven! " much less shall you be accepted as servants there. I beseech you, by the thought of the grace of wl««h I have been peaking, to rest not until you can say that Christ has saved you, made you a par taker of His grace, and sent vou forth into His royal service. The Lord bless you. Amen. 