WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mks. H. H. Jennings Uvea at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with ber. The bouse is an old one, but . in good order. One night early" iD December {1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the bouse, They left the gas burning," however, in the front parlor. At about half past eleven they returned and entered the bouse laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humor died out of tbem in a second. - Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was con cealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes- in it. His shirt- sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he earned a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women .fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows securely locked. "What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill-health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by ahat teemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as ahe looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons, and I would never get well. .Yet I did and am in perfect health now; I believe that virion came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was tlie nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerres will play off on yon when your system is ont of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as as follows:—" I mas so dreadfully nertous I oould not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was siek most of the time. My skin was. dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helplesB in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my -complaint was. I took nothing hut liquid food and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing bnt skin and bone. My memory completely. failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should -lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I bad given up all hope when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thnB fed and toned the nerves. v Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost it remains trne that most uncanny visions and sonnds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, aud when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 15-22-29 