CHAPTER Vi. The Bottom Rung. " Both Goethe and Schiller were profoundly con vinced that Art was no luxury of pleasure, no mere amusement to charm the idle, or relax the careworn ; but a mighty influence, serious in itB aims, although pleasurable in its means; a Bister of Religion, by whose aid the great world Boheme was wrought into reality."-LEWES'S "Life of Goethe." Andrew bad thought Mr, Pinna's editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of warming the box, was in a bad oondition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious at present. The man in tho box turned round on Mr. Pinns's entrance, and greeted him fami liarly. " Holloa, Pinns, what have you got ia my way?" " Perhaps not much,, perhaps a great deal," replied Mr. Pinns gravely. " Lei me introduce to you this young pentleman, Mr. Andraw Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew, he said, " This is Mr. Adolphus Vellum, tbe editor of a large number of «erials for young people." Mr. Adolphus Vellum looked far more I like a barman than an editor. Ile had a I face that was large, red and. florid. He wore a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-rate order. His shirt front was dirty, and hi* nails were in a very bad oondition. Still Mr. Adolphus appeared shrewd, and evidently understood his business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. Ile had the appearance of a gentleman of means, while bis being there in the company of Mr. Pinns suggested his connection with the lower walks of literature, So, before com mitting himself by either speaking in a friendly or in an editorial war, he asked Mr. PinnB what he could do for Mr. Fairfax. " This young man has been unfortunate,',' said Mr. Pinne. Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. " Ah, I s'pose so," he said. "Don't mistake me," said Mr. Pinns, while Andrew writhed. " He has been brought up as a rich man's son. The man whom ho believed to be his near relation died, and he has. been thrown on the world.'' " Well, what for that ?" asked Mr; Adolphus Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. "I have taken him on my staff," said Mr. . Pinns, with dignity, " and I havé brought him to you, as I know he could be of service to you." \- " That be blowed!" said Mr, Vellum, with polite emphasis. " If he's what you say he is, what use is he tb me ? I want no greenhorns here." Had Andrew been alone, he would have walked out, and left Mr. Adolphus Vellum in possession of his box with all itB literary dignity ; but Mr. Finn's gave him a look which decided him to remain. Mr. Fairfax has great literary taste, great literary ability. He is a scholar-a University man, in - fact, and perfeotly acquainted with French and German." As Mr. Pinns gave this little speech, he looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though he were doing Mr. Adolphus Vellum a great honor. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. " And what can I do for Mr- Fairfax ?" he said, with editorial dignity. ' \ > " He wishes to enter the field of litera ture as a profession," said Mr. Pinns. "He wishes to rival Thackeray, Dickens, and Dumas ; so I've brought him to you." All this time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr. Vellum turned to Andrew. " Of course you will understand," he said, "that the author is born and not made. If you wish to take a position in literature,it must be by steady perseverance. I myself," and he swelled with dignity, "have had to win my spurs. I began aa a -a printer's devil, in fact, and now I'm well, Pinns knows what I am," and he looked proudly around his box. "I have brought Mr. Fairfax to you, Vellum"-and Mr. Pinns became somewhat brusque, that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity-" because I knew that you-you would on my recommendation give what he might send to yon--a-a-a -fair reading." " Yes, oh yes," said Mr. Vellum, with importance. "You must know," turning to Andrew again, " that editors in such a large way as I am," and he looked compla cently around his box, " can't waste time in reading the stuff of men unknown to J literature. As a rule we must have men of note. Why, thiok of the men who write I for us ? There's Wilkins and Lewkins, and many more equally renowned. Of course I made their fortunes, , but we are always honorable, and stick to old contributors. Our readers are on the look out for well-known writers, so I can assure you that you are very fortunate iu getting Pinns to recommend you, Other« wise I couldn't think of ¿ranting you such an interview as this." Even lo Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. " I am sure it is very kind of you," said Andrew. " Might I ask what Mn Wilkins and Mr. Lewkins wrote ?" 7 . "What! did you never hear o£ Wilkins, author of ' The Battle witb the Ghost,' or of Lewkins, author of ' Three Spring-heeled Jacks ?' Why, man, where have you lived?" ; " Well, I've lived among text-books a good deal," said Andrew, "and so 1 am not conversant with current literature." "I should think that you must have lived out of the world," said Mr. Vellum. "Why, we've sold thousands of copies of * The Battle with the Ghost.' " " It's a striking title," said Andrew. "Might I ask what it's published at?" " We publish everything at a uniform price," said Mr. Vellum. .* We oharge a penny for everything." Andrew Baid nothing, but he could not help smiling. " Might I ask your rate of payment ?" í he said. ? > ? . j " Some pays a uniform prico for every thing," said Mr, Adolphus Vellum, with dignity ; " we doesn't." His grammar was defective at -times, and, although I have not inserted them, his conversation was often garnished with paculiar epithets. " There are some," ho went on, " as always pays sixpence a page, but we " (tapping niB breast) " always recognise ability and experience,-and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpence a page, and we've gone as high as eightpence ha'p'ny. Of oouree, that's very seldom; but we've done it." " How many words in a page?" " Three hundred as near as a toucher." "Soif you accepted anything from me you would begin by giving me fourpence." "That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is glad lo write for nothing at first ; but as I Bay we pay fourpence. Then w.e can always com mand a sale, so we place a man before the public immediately. When we put Our name on the title page of a book the pub lic knows it's good." Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. " Then," went on Mr. Adolphus Vellum, we translates from the French. For that we also pay well." Might I ask how much ?" " Well, ther¿, it's a case "of reckoning scholarship against genius. Of course, genius is rare, so for that matter is scholar ship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability ; but not up to genius. As I said, for right down genius we've paid as much as eightpence ha'p'ny a page j but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a page ; so we also pays sixpence a page for translations." " And if I write something for you, of what nature should it be? ' - " Plenty of action. Fightin* and robbin', and midnight meetin's, and like that. Read the police news a goodish bit ; and look here, you can take back some things as a sample of what we publish," where upon Mr. Adolphus Vellum opened a cup board that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half a dozen penny books, the covers of which were embellished with pictures of a very start ling nature. " This is the kind of thing we do," con tinued Mr. Vellum, " and it's the only thing as goes right well. Of course I can't promise to take what you write off hand, and, as I said, I shouldn't have looked at anything but for such a recom mendation as PinnB's. But if you can bring me something slashing-well, we're good for fourpence a page, a page meaning 300 wordB as near as a toucher. Stay, though ; on Pinna's recommendation I'll give you a French thing to translate. It's a juicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that "if it's well done." " But suppose I were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, how much could I make ?" asked An drew. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Gold is the fool's curtain, which hides all his defects from the world.-Feltham. . _ Majesty seldom resides in a breast that ÍB not enriched with nobler virtues.-Goldsmith. 