Suspension of the E. S. and A. C Bank At 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening Mr. F. A. Maraun, manager of the local branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank re ceived instructions to suspend payment and keep the bank closed until further orders. Shortly after daylight on Thursday, early birds who had some how got wind of the purport of this telegram, went round the town circu- lating the report amongst business people, and it was not long before the bulk of the townspeople were in full possession of the fearful rumour, which unfortunately proved but too correct. Coming upon us so soon after the Commercial Bank stoppage, the news of the suspension of the English and Scottish — our only other bank — was received at first with humorous ac- knowledgments of our excessively dole- ful position. The Commercial had already rendered many of us tempor- arily bankrupt, and when the other institution gave up the ghost it was not difficult to sum us up. We were, in fact, a stone-broke community, and the recognition of that circumstance, which was described by some as the millennium of Socialism, was for the nonce declared to be sufficient provo- cation for sundry ante-breakfast nips — nips which we are grieved to say had to be "stuck up" after being put down. It was regarded as a good joke that nobody was worth a blessed cent., because according to an old sum in subtraction "nothing from nothing and nothing remains." Our condition was certainly unique, and incongruous enough to cause a smile, and after all it is a relief to be able to smile when financial adversity hits you very hard in a tender spot. When the doors of the bank were opened at 9.30 yester- day customers naturally rolled up to learn a good many things; but the manager was not in a position to give any further information than that the bank would not deal in any way with the old business, but was prepared to open new accounts by receiving money in trust on certain specified conditions, one of which prohibited the bank lend- ing out or otherwise operating for its own behoof on any funds so entrusted to it. This arrangement was merely with a view to facilitating the business of the settlement. We are not able to say to what extent it has been availed of. The bursting of our two banks will be a topic of conver- sation for years to come. The one hit us hard enough, and those who did not go down in that have come to grief in the other. The most satisfied men to-day are those who withdrew their balances from the English and Scottish when the Commercial petered out, and the most disgusted are those who withdrew their coin at the first fright but returned it when the crisis seemed to be at an end. One good thing was that the bank paid all notes in full. Late yesterday Mr. Maraun re- ceived a telegram stating that every- thing was going on well in Melbourne in connection with the reconstruction of the E. S. and A. C. Bank. 