Aniiiyqrsar y. -SerYiccs- ' ; "WESLEYAN : CHURCH,' LA- r: . TROBE; ; : ; : A : / v; On Sunday last the We«loyans;of Latrobe celebiated t-he-26lh anniver sary of their 'establishment; in th js; lp- <5a lity" byr >pecia 1 rserVicdsf ih'el Re.v; .W- (Burrid'gfeV Superiiilend'eiit of the-, cif- V5uit-,-.preaehing , morning - and: evening- and addressing the children in the af ternoon.?;: The collections taken tip ai each service were in, aid. of , the Trust Funds.., There. was a good -congrega- tioiim the mpniing, : .when' Mr Bur. ridge took for his text St. Job n XIX. SO", (j lVhen -JesuB therefore had / re- eeived the vinegar, he said, it is fin ished : sndifie'- boWeui-"1 Kia-THead iin'd gave ;up_ the ghost.".. The:- re.v. : gentle man pt'eaiihed a most! ejbquent ser tiion, touching Pn-tbe'fihbst- b.eanuful : and! striking1 'characteristic ' of '.; the' 'Lord _To«no "ji« AYAmnlifiifI in hia H-F<» and death, and pointing out that though all down the years' he could see the shadow of the ' .Cross, and knew the terrible death awaiting liim afcthebn;! of his work «>n eartli;he .ie>er falierei! but walked straight jon;. earning his own burdens, and taking up as lie went the tr'oiibles'of '"others. Li.oiiing 011 the surface at the life of Christ sitnpiy as the- pilgrimage oftbe'-Saviour"- of Mankind, and judging-bv apparent re sults, _it.migh t ap pear that Chr isiiaiiitv wa» tojceptaiuqjtent.'a failure.;, bte: looking, at.it with the Biple, the- worii of God-before us, with all. the blessed promises -(herein . ' contained, : faith taught us to believe that God worked in many different ways and with many . different instruments to achieve the glorious results for: rwhich;: we Were prepared .by the inspired ..wer.k.; ,. He : ex fiorted his "hearers to., watch., and wait, and in His own good time the . Lord would finish the great work of ! redemption. He the speaker, was so 'pleased . to ! think the lLord Je'siis : OhriBt bad not taken oue of the great ; ones of the .earthite die witji him,, . but . ..thiM'Tie'biuE chosen k coinmon thief, anjoutcast of society, and took him ; Tioine wilh'Hiin as a trophy of>. His great finished' work, siguifviug that there was hope! for ' the vilest that should come to God through -Him for mercy. As, when the first scratch of the pen was heard when the declara tion of independence wras consummated in the United States, flags were raised and cannons boomed throughout the leugth and. breadth of the land ; so, when that cry was - heard on Calvary, " It is" finished," the - glad tidings of salvation were wrafted all through the ages. The, (afternoon '\address was based on part, of: I -Tim. VI,. 12, ' Fight the good fight," and rivetted the at tention of the young people " with a most interesting discourse.': At the morning and evening services special musical selections were very effectively rendered, Miss Anderson and Mr V. Roekliff being entrusted with solos, and the choir singing very pretty .choruses.; (Mrs T. G. White and Mr m " Whitak'er "presided efficiently at the organ. , The. church was tastefullr decorated with flowers, ferns, fruits' vegetables and grain. '- ... Last evening a public- -meeting vvas- heldatthe Wesley an Church, when a very pleasant ,.tiuie..,was .spent in a social way. Mr II; W. Cannon, of LaunceBtpu, who .generously gave , his. services; exhibited ' -'a " number of beautiful panoramic continental views, besides several local pictures- taken in Latrobe and Launceston, The Church Choir, led by the Rev. T, .G.. White, rendered several anthems, whilst solos were rendered in very pleasing style byj Misses Dazeley. ...(of Devonporl) and Miss Anderson. A coffee sup per was held at the close, which was . al80,;w®llj attended, r- . i 