-li Amongst literary men place must ever bo found for diarists. Diary-writing1 is well within | vthe field of pure literature, and some rare gems are encased in all the best diaries. It requires a peculiar gift to write a diary. One must j have a nice perception of psrsons, things, and events; and must be ablo to see what is newest, and what will be of permanent interest. The best course for any one to pursue when attempt j,ing to keep a diary is to jot down with the freest hand sensations and perceptions of oiily those objects which most naturally and most deeply impress the mind. If one's task is to describe London, why he must go about it withoutregardto the distinction between objects which strike him and thoso which do not. He ; must describe all, however familiar they may be to himself. But the diarist haaadifferenttaak. He must throw off impressions. They are | fresh to him, and they arc certain to be inter _6sting; and probably will be permanent | in their interest. In some respects Samuel 'Pepys stands unrivalled as a diarist. He mast I ,bo placed amongst the immortals. Gossipy as an old woman of the gossipy sort, always he had an eye for the comic, the ludicrous, the j [things which other men would write with .bated breath.- Pepys never meant any ;harm, and wrong generally is in the intention. fHe was so honest in office when honesty was 'tare that reliable history says he was almost | Ithe only honest official under Charles j ! IX. and James II. Pepys wrote for j -himself, it is said, and hence the freedom : • and freshness of bis diary. He tells in the • jinost cheerful and confident manner his con- ; •flicts with Mrs. Pepys, and how they ended. \ tpepys's diary is so good, medicinally, that I | Slave known it to be recommended by a doctor to a long- standing patient. Since his day there have been more pretentions diarists: but he .will live when they are forgotten. Ho will merer be admired. Every diarist is in more than ordinary danger of being led away by j vanity, spleen, and similar forces; or, what I amounts to the same thing, persons of that class are very likely to become diarists. .Wit ness one, the latest; the notable Mr. Croker, ^or conceit, spitefulness, envy, and every evil j Ihing, commend us to the Hem. Croker. His j \- cumbersome volumes are valuable only to those I .who check every statement in them by Reference to reliable history. He may be be lieved, perhaps, without confirmatory testi mony when he describes the scene of ! 'swearing in the last King of England. His «(Hajesty expressed his opinion of the pen given b?Tn to sign his name with on taking the oath. <If4the pen went where his Majesty sent it, it is now too late to recover it; otherwise a needy individual should make a fortune out of that 'goose quill. "We are assured that her present | ■Majesty is a great diarist; and I must name : her as an exception to the rule of persons I likely to become diarists. She must have been 'drawn into it from necessity, and not from choice; a"A the worth of her diary will lie to no extent in the unique facte about which I ahe has made jottings, and such scope j for jottings as no other person has ever had the chance to enjoy. I mnst j 'mention the gracious Evelyn, I take 'gketch from. him. I doubt if any professional . 'reporter, even Blowitz or Busscll, would have ; .written with equal naturalness. It is un artastic art. It is a fragment of a sketch of a] ' splendid cavalcade at the opening of .his First j ' Parliament by LOUIS XIY. ./."I went to visit Mr. Hobbes, the famous I philosopher of Malmesbury, with whom I 'had long acquaintance. From his win dow we saw the whole equipage and rglorious cavalcade oF the young French 'monarch, Louis XIV., passing to Parliament, (when first he took the kingly government on 1 him, now being in bis 14th year, out of his 'minority and the Queen Begent's pupilage. I . • . Then came abundance of footmen ' pages of the King, new-liveried with white I and red feathers; next, the garde du eorps j and other officers; and, lastly, appeared the King himself on an Isabella barb, on which a ^housing semee, with crosses of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and fleurs-de-lis ; the King him self, like a young Apollo, was in a suit so covered with rich embroidery that one could perceivo nothing of the stuff under it; he went almost the whole way with his hat in hand, saluting tHe ladies and acclamators who had I filled the windows with their beauty, and the air with Vice le Rot. He seemed a prince of a grave yet sweet countenance. After the King ,followed divers great persons of the Court, ex ceeding splendid, also his esquires; masters of horse, on foot; then the company of Exempli det Gardei, and six guards of Scotch. Betwixt their files were divers princes of the blood, hnkes, and lords; after all these, the Queen's guard of Swiss, page*, and footmen; then the Queen-mother herself in a rich coach, with :Monsieur the Bang's brother, the Duke of 'Orleans, and some other lords and ladies of hbnonr. About the coach marched her Exempli det Gardes, then the company of the King's '■Geiu d1 amies, well mounted, 150, with four trumpets, and as many of the Queen's; lastly, an innumerable company of coaches full of Jadies and gallants. In this equipage passed the monarch to the Parliament, henceforth exercising his kingly Government." I take another sketch from an unpretending little diary on . „ SUNSET AT SEX. - "There was a lovely sunset. The richness of the colours surpassed anything X havo ever seen. In the west, there wore long, irregular ranges of clouds that appeared like distant wooded hills sloping down to the sea, with the fiery orb of day sinking behind them. These hills of vapour became tipped with glowing 'fire, and the bases deepened into the richest purple; then they broke into' huge blocks of red-hot glittering gold, and,' as these hues changed and varied overy moment, they were reflected on the calm, clear waters. Sometimes the sea seemed like an immense sheet of purple velvet, gently moving up and down; then like Asen»)f W.tjI; then like ' glass mingled with fir-?.* -»•* the sun descended nearer its oc:' •';*hl out a brilliant crimson or. .•» ring its scintillations across the h .• and touching into unim3vinablo tinU of beauty every little piece of fleecy cloud in the sky. The sky itself was of a bright golden blue, but here and there towards the south, not far above the horizon, between the banks of clouds, there were patches of pale bright green; these looked like inland lakes among the mountains. The varied colours, ever changing, ever assuming new glories, were simply indescribable." I append another selec tion which is truly in diarist form, and it speaks for itself:— SIR GEORGE BOWEN. • "The populace of Brisbane was told by a few stamp orators that an issue of unlimited * greenbacks' would create unlimited funds for their employment on public works, while at the same time it would ruin the bankers, squatters, merchants, and other capitalists— those objects of the jealous dislike of a democracy. Aeo-called* indignation meeting' was held, at which the governor and the majority of the legislature (which was also hostile to * greenbacks') were denounced in violent terms ; several leading members of Parliament were ill-treated in tho streets ; and threats were even uttered of burning down Government House, and treating mo as Lord Elgin was treated at ITontreal in 1S19. I need scarcely say that I am not to be intimi dated in the discharge of my duty. Besides, ; all tho education, property, and intelligence of I the colony were on my side. In common with ! both Houses of the Colonial Parliament I ; steadily and calmly held my course, and in a j few Jays, indeed in a few hours, public confi- ■ dencc and tranquility were restored." 