TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. I1KADDON, Author of m Lady Audlby's Skoubt," "Tim Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora .EloyiVI&C;, ' Copyrighted, by Tillotson and Son. ' Chapter XVI; — "No Sudden Fancy op an Ardent Boy." It was Christmas eve. All tliiogs were ar ranged for departure on the 27th, which would give time for thoir arrival at San ltomo on Now Year s uay. xney wore to travel by oasy stages, by Amiens, Bale and Lucerno. A good deal of luggage had been sent ofT in advance, and tiunks and portmanteaux were paoked ready for the start, so that the travellers could tako their case during the few days of Christmas church going and festivity. Isola's spirit had improved wondorfully sinco the journey had been deoided upon. " It seems like beginning a now life, Martin," sho told her husband. " I feel ever so muoh better already. I'm afraid I'm an imposter, and that you are taking a great deal of unnecessary trouble on my account." It was such a rolicf to think that sho would soo.Vansittart Crowther no more, that she could wauder where sho pleased without the hazard of mooting that satyr liko couutenanoe, thoso pale protruding eyes, with malevolent stare— suoh a relief to Know that Bhe would be 1q a strange place, where no one would know anything about hor or have any inclination to gossip about her. Something of her old gaiety and interest in life revived at the prospeot of those new sur roundings, .They were to put up at an hotel for the first few days, so as to take their time in looking for a villa. Two sorvants were to go with them —the colonel's coachman and handy man, who was an old soldier, and could turn his hand to anything in house or stable or garden ; and tho baby's nurse, a somewhat masterful person of seven and twonty, from tho Fatherland, sur- named Grunhaupt, but known In the family by her less formidable domestic diminutivo LOttohou. Other hirelings would bo obtained at San RemtL but these two wero indispensable — Holford, the conohman. to bear all burdens, and Lttttohen to take cuargo of tho baby, to wuuin mo was supposea to ue irapossiDjo in any other care. It was Christmas eve— the mildest Christmas that had been known for a long time, even in this sheltered corner of the ooast. Allegro had beeu busy all tho morning, helping in the ohuroh decorations, and co-operating with Mr. Oolfoxin various arrangements for the comfort of tho very old aud feeble and the invalids among the cottages scattered over tho length and breadth of a large parish. She had walked a good many miles, and she had stood for an hour in tho churob, toiling at tho docoration of the font with Christmas roses, fema, arbutus and ber- bcrfs while the Misses Crowther lavished the riehes of tho Glcnavoril hothouses upon the pulpit, keeping themselves studiously aloof from Miss belaud, a Not a jot cared AUegra for their reserve. She disliked thoir father, and Bho knew that her brother detested him, without having any elcar iuvu ui. uio cause, oue was so tuorouguiy loyal to Martin that she would have deemed it treason to like anyoue whom ho disliked ; so had the daughters of Glenavoril boon the most lovable young woman in Cornwall she would have cou- sidored it hor dutv to hold them at arm's longtb. Glenaveril and all its belongings wore tabooed. She was very tired when she went home at 4 oolock, just on the edge of dusk hero — pitoli dark, no doubt, in London and other great cities, where the poor, pinched faees were flitting by in the fitful glare of the gaB, intent on buying a Christmas dinnor to fit the slenderest resources. Here, in this quiet valley, the reflected sun glow still brighteued sky, soa, land and river, and the lamp had not yet been lighted in the hall or arawingroom at the Angler s Nest. mere was a pleasant alternation of firelight ftnd shadow in tUolong double room, tlio flames leaping up every now and then, and lighting wall and bookcase, picture and bust, tho Mon- aarln jars, and the golden storks on the black Japanese screen ; but it was such a capricious light that it did not show her someone sitting in the room, In Martin Disney's deep elbow chair, ft person who sat and watohod her with an ad miring smile, as she flung off her littio felt hat and fur cape, and stretched hor arms, above hor head in sheor woariuess, a graoeful pioturesque figure, in her plain brown serge gown, belted round the eiipnle waist and clasped at the throat, lileo Enid's, and with novor an ornament except the oxydised silver clasps and tho eer- viceablo chatelaine hnnging at her side. Tho tea table was Bet ready in front of tho fire, a large Egyptian brass tray on bamboo legs. But there waB no sign of Isola ; so . Miss Leland poured out a cup of tea and began to drink it, still unconHoious of a pair of dark oyea watobing her from the shadow of tho big arm ohair." , And am I to have no toa, Miss Leland ?" mbkou a voice out ot tue darkness, AUegra gave a littio sorcam, and almost dropped hor cup. . Good graoious !" she exclaimed. " How can you startlo anyone like that ? How do you know that I have not heart diieaso ?" "I- would as soon suspeot the goddess' Hygeia Si or Qny- ier ailment," said Captain Hulbort, rising to his full six feet two, out bf the low chair in the dark corner by the bookcase. Forgive me for my bearlshness in sitting here Wbilo you were in the room. . I could not resist tho temptation to sit and watch you for a miniito or two .while you were unconscious. , It was like looking at a pioturo. While you are talking I m ao Intent upon what you say, and \vhot you think, that I almost forget to consider what you are like. To-night I could gazo undistraotcd." What absoluto nonsense yon talk," said Allegro, with tho sugar tongs poised above the basin. "One lump— or two?" One, two, three— anything you like— up. to ft million." "Do you know that you nearly made me break a teacup— ono of mothor'a dear old Wor cester teacups? I should never havo forgiven you." "Bill you forgive mo for my stolon oontom- plation, for sitting in my oornor theroand ad miring yon in the firelight ?" i JvF|rieli£ht J" v?ry, becoming. No doubt I looked better than in the daytime." And you forgive mo ?" "I suppose so. It is hardly worth whilo to bo angry with you. I shall bo a thousand miles away next weok. I could not oariy my resentment so far. It would cool on the jour- ney." J i ii ii miles is not far for tho Von- dofclo, M ss Leland. Sho would make light of crossing ttho Pacific— for a worthy motive." 1 fc Know anything about motives s but I thought ypu wero fairly established at the Mount, and that you bad made an end of your wanderings. " "Tho Mount is only delightful— I might say endurablo— when I have neighbors at tho Angler's Nest." will 'lot this lioiipo, perhaps, and yon may find bis tenants pleasant neighbors." 1 1 am not liko the domestic cat. It la not housos I euro for, but people. My affections would not transfer themselves to tho new tenants." "How can you tell that? You think of them to-night as strangers — and they seem intoler able. Yon would lileo them after a week, and bo warmly attached to them at tho oml of a month. Why, you havo known us for less than three months, arid wo fanoy ourselves quite old friends." "Oh, Miss Leland, is our friendship only fanoy . Will a thousand milos make vou forget me?" " No, wo conld not any of tis bo so ungrate ful as to forgot you," answered AUegra, strugg ling against growing embarrassment, wondering if this tender tone, theso vague nothings, were drifting towards a declaration, or wore as simply moaningless as much of tho talk 'botween men and women. "Wo can't forgot how kind you havo been, and what delightful excursions we have had on tlio Vendetta. — " "Tho Vendotta will bo at San Rermrwljin1 you want her, AUegra, Sho will b&'W.rinuolrat your command thcro as she bas.bdeu here ; and hor skipper will bo as much your (sltivi as'hfiiJ- hero — ns ho has heon almost ever singe howsaw your face." V -f-X. This was not small talk. This m eqnMnuime-- thing very serious. " He had called herSQbjgrfi and Bho hrnl not reproved him ; no hnd tagBrr her hand and bIio bad not withdrawn it. In tho next instant, bIio knew not how, his arm was round her waist, and her head, weary with the ung uay s wont ana anxieiios, was resting con tentedly on his shoulder, whilo his lips sot thoir first kiss, tenderly, reverently almost, on her fair broad brow. _ "Allogra, this means yes, does it not? Our lirostave_ flowed on together ao poaoef ally, so happily, since last October. They are to mingle and flow on together to tho great sea, aro they not, lovo — the sea'of death and otornity." Do you really euro for me ?" "Do I really adoro you? Yes, dear love. With all my power of adoration." "But you must havo oared for other girls boforo now. I oan't believe that I am tha first-." " Believe, at least, that you will be the last, as you aro the only woman I ever asked to bo my wife." " Is that really, really true ?" " It la true as the needle of tho north." " Yat they say that sailors " " Are genofally tolerable dancers, and popular in a ball room, ospooially when they aro tho olvflr. nf Miss fli.u mow. women without feeling abashed— and thai they contrivo to get ' through ' a good deal bf flirting without singeing thoir wings. I have waltzed ' with a good many nice girlBin my time, Allogra, ! and I have sat out a good many waltzes. Yet I am boro at your aide, honestly and devotedly your own ; and I havo novor lovod any other woman with the lovo I feel for you. No other woman has ever held my whole heart ; no, not for a single hour." "Youmako nioe distinctions," said AUegra, gently disengaging herself from his arm, and looking at : him .with a faint ' shy - smile, vary doubtful, yet very anxious to believe. "I am dreadfully afraid that all this fine talk means nothing more than'yori would say to any of your partners, If you happened to be sitting out a waltz." " ; "Should I ask any of my;paitnerb to tio my wife, do yon think ?" 1 1 t 9 1 n n B. 1 1 1 ! 1 1. J _ A LI..L A . u . — vii| jruu vhu wiviuirttw tuub LU'inoiruw— lor- got and ignore it, Wo may both oonsider it only a kind of andor tho mistlotoo declaration, mean ing no mora than a mistletoe kiss. I believe whea English pcopla were domcstio and kept OhriBtmas the head of the family would have kissed his oook if he had met her under the mistletoe." " Allegro, Is it not aruol of you to bo joooso when I am so tremendously serious?" "What if I don't beliavo in your serious ness?" " Is this only a polite way of refusing me ?" ho askod, beginning to be offended, not under standing that this nonsonse talk was a hasty de- fenca against overpoweriug emotion, that she was not sure of him, and was desperately afraid or botroying nerseir. Am x to unuerstand that you dou't care a straw for mo ?" "No, no, no," sliecried, eagerly, " as a friend I like you better than anyone else in tho world, only I dou't want to give you more than friend ship till I e'an daro to believe In your love." " Prove it. ' Allegro," he 'oried, clasping her waist again before she wab aware. "Put me to any teat or any trial— impose any duty upon mo —only tall me that if I come through tho ordeal you will be my wife." "You ato not in a great hurry to fetter your self, I hope," sho said. " I am in a hurry — I long for those Bweet fottors by whioh your lovo will hold me. I want to bo anchored by iriy happiness." "Give mo a yoar of froodom, a year for art and earnest work in Italy, a year for Martin and Isola, who both want me, and if this night year you are still of the same mind I will bo your wife. I will- not engage you. You may bo as free as air to ahango your mind and lovo someone else ; but I will promise to bo true to you and to tliis talk of ours till . tho year's end— one year iruiu vuuigui% .. "I accept your sentence, though it is severe; but I don't acoept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall be your slave when the year !b out. I am yours, and yours alone, for life. Arid now givo me that' oup of tea) Allogra, whioh you have not pourod out yet, and let us fanoy ourselves Darby and Joan." "Darby ana Joan," cohosd AUegra, as sho filled his oup. " Must wo be like that, old and prosy, sitting by the fire, while life goes by us outside. It seemB sad that there should be no alternative botween old age and untimely death." " It is sad ; but the world is made so. And then Providenoo steeps oldcrly people in a happy halluoination. They generally forget that they ara old ; or at least thoy forget that thoy evor wero young, and thoy find young pooplo so in effably Billy that youth in itsolf seems dospio- able. But wo. have a long lifo to tho good, dear love, heforo tlie coming of grey hairB and elderly prejudices." And then ho bogan to talk of ways and means, as if thoy wero going to bo married next week. " Wo shall have onough for broad and cheese, love," ho said. "I am better off than a good many younger eons; for a certain old grand mother in our family married with a sottlcmont whioh provided for tho younger branches. It is quito possible tlint Lostwithiel may never marry —indeed, ho seems to me vory decided ogaiust matrimony, and in that ease those who como aftor ns must inherit title and estate in days to como." t! T Pray <'on'k oried Allegro, horrified. sounds as if yotr wero speculating upon your brothor's (loath." " On Lostwithtel'a doatli. Not for worlds. Ood bless him, wherover ho may be. You don't know how fond wo two fcllowsnro of enoli otlior. uuly whon a man is going- to he married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to tho colonel, remember ; and ho will oxpoot mo to bo oxplioit and businesslike." _ ' I hope you don t thinkMartln ismoroonary." said Allogra. "There novor was a man who sot less value 011 money. It wouldu't mako any dilforcnco to him if you had not n penny. And as for mo, I have a littio inoomo from my mother— and more tlian enough to buy froaks anil thing's— and beyond that I can earn my own living. So 'you roaily. needn't troublo yourself about me." There was a touolilng simplicity in horspeeoh, mingled with a slight flavor of audnoity, ns of nn emancipated young woman, whioh amused ' her lover, reminding him of a heroine of Mureor's j or do Mussot's, a brave little grisette, who'was willing to work hard for tho miinnge h dnux, and who wnntcd nothing from hor lover but lovo. Ho looked into tho bright, frank faco, radinntin tlio fire glow, and he told himself that. H.l« just tho one woman for whom his hcait had kept itsolf empty, like n temple waiting for its God, in all tho years of his manhood. And now tho temple .doors had opened wido, the gates had . been liftod np, and tho goddess had marched to \- hor plnco, triumphant and all conquering. I The clock on the mantelpiece struok 6, and 1 tho old eight day clook in tliohnll followed liko a I solemn eolio. Captain Hnlbcrt started up. " So >-lateJ Why, wo have boon talking for noarly t '5? noura.."' liocxclaimed, "and Ihava ahuilgot I orlctterp (d-write for tho night mail. Good-bye, darling— dr Jll sny.Au revoir, for I think I'll Tiwkdpwn ngajn after dinnor, anil got half an Disuoy, if you don't think it will he too latoforino to see him." .. " You knoy he is always pleased to soo you— iWp'jafajwvUry early people— and this is Christ- ,'mah JsvCT. We were to sit round the firennd tell i ghost stories, don't you romembor?" . " Of course we wero. I shall be bore Boon after 9, and I shall think ovor all tho grizzly InnrAlwla t ovautinnwl (SB T AAm iIamm i.l.A 1.211 He yvent reluctantly, leaving her standing by tho fire, a eonteraplative figuro with downoast eyes. At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she would havo gone with him to tho door, or ovou out to the garden gate, for a'lingdr- ing parting under tho stars— bat thoro was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim hoginning of their union, when it waB so strango to oaoh to havo any claim upon the other. "How lightly she took tho whole business," Captain Hnlbcrt said to himself as ho went up the hill. "Yet her voice trembled now and then— and her band was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I think she loves me, A year " — snapping his fingers gaily at tho stars— "what is n year? A year of bliss to bo mostly spent with her. Besides, year long engagements arc apt to dwindle. I havo known suoh engage ments — entered on solemnly like ours to-night — shrink to six months,' or loss. Why should one linger on the threshhold of a new lifo if one knows it is going to be oomnlotclv happy?" : The happy lover had not heon gono five : minutes when Isola oame creeping into tho room nnd put her orm round Allegro's .nook and kissed her flushed oheek, "Why, Isn, whero have you. been hiding all this evehlng?" . . " I had fallen aBloen in my room,' just half an hour before ten, anil when I awoke It was 5 o'alock, and Liittohen told mo you and Captain Hulbert wero in tho drowingroom. And as I know you two havo always so, muoh to talk about, I;thoughfc I wouldu't disturb you. So I lot Liittohen make: toa for mo irithe nursory, and I : stayed thoro to play with baby. . And hero you nro all olono in the dark." : "Oh, '.wo had the firolight— Parker forgot to bring tho lamp." . "And you forgot to.ring for it," said Isola, going oyer to the how window aud drawing baok a ourtain. " What a lovely sky. Who would think it was Christmas time?" The moon was in hor second quarter, shining brilliantly In the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud. "Will you put on your bat and jaoket and como for a stroll in tho garden, Isn?" asked Allogra. "It is a mild, dry night, and I don't think tho air can hart you." " Hurt me 1 It will do mo all the good in tho world. Yos, I shall bo ready in a mo ment." ; They went out into the tytll, where Allegro paoked hor sister-in- law carefully in a warm, fur bordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl round hor owa shouldors. Than thoy went oat into tho garden, and to the lawn by the river. Tho moon was shining on tho running .water. brightly, coldly olear, whilo the mondows on tho opposite bank wero wrapped in faint, white mists, whioh made all the landsoapo Bcem un real. "Aro you not too tired for walking here after your long day, Allegro ?" Isola asked, when thoy bad gone up and down tho path two or threo times. "Tircd.no. ' I oould walk to Ty wardrcath, I could walk to tho Mausoleum. Shall wo go thero? The sea must be loroly under that moon." "'My doarost, it is nearly 7 o'clock, nnd you have been tramping about all day. If you arc not vory tired; you must be vary muoh exoitod, Allegro. I am longing to hear what it all means." " Aro you really, now ? Do you care about It, Isola? Can you, who aro fairly anchored in tho havon of marriage, feel any sentimental intorost in other people, tossing about on tho sua of courtship? Martin is to bo told. everything to night—so you may as wolt know all about it now. You like Captain Hulbert, don't you, isoiar "I do, Indeed. I liko him and believe in liira.". "Thank heaven. .1 should havo been miser able if you had doubted or disliked him. Ho is to bo my husband some day, Isa, if Martin np- provo-t-but not for a year, at least. Tell mo, dear, aro you glad ?" "Yes, I am very glail. God bloss you, Al legro, and. make your life happy— and freo— from— care." Sho broke down with those la9t fnltorod words, and Allegro disoovorcd that sho was crying. "My doarost. Iso, don't ery. . I shall think you aro BOtry— that you think him unworthy." : "No, no) no. It is not that. He is worthy. Ho is all that I oould dosito in the man who is to be your husband. No, I was only thinking how completely happy yon .end lio. must be llow oloudless your life proinisos to be. God koep you, and guard you, dear. And may you never know the pain of parting with tho hus- band you love— with your protcotor and friend —as I havo known it." " Yos, love, but that is all past and dono with. There aro to bo no more farewells for you and Martin." " No, it is past, thank Ged. Yot one onnnot forget. I am very glad Captain Hulbert has left tho navy — that his profession oannot call him away from you." "No, ho is on idlo man. I darosay the tlmo will come when I shall bo plagued with him, anil bo almost obliged to suggest that he should keep racehorses, or go on tho Stock Exchange, to occupy his time. I havo heard women say that it is torriblo to havo a stay at homo husband. Yot Martin is never tie Irop— but then Martin can bury himself in a book. Ho has no fidgotty ways." J1 How lightly you talk, Allogra." Perhaps that is because my boart is heavy- heavy not with grief and oarc, but with the burden of perplexity and aurprise, witli the fear that comes of a great joy." "You do love him, then?" said iBola, earnestly. "You arc glad." "I am very glad. I am glad with all my heart." " God bless you, dearest. I rojoioe in vour happiness." _ t They kissed again, this time with tears on both sides ; for Allogra was now quite overcome, and Bobbed out ber emotion upon her sister's neck, thoy two standing clasped in each other's arms besido the river. " When I am dead, Allegro, remember always that 1 loved you, and that I rejoiced in your happiuess as if it wero my own." "When you aro dead! How dare you talk liko that, when wo are taking you nway to got Walt nnil nF.rnn<» nml fn 'liua mrnv B#% man.. DKA.I. beyond your golden wedding? Was thoro over sueli ingratitude ?" Tho odor of tobacco stole on tho evening air, nnd they heard Martin's firm tread approaching along tho grovel path. Isola put her arm through his, while Allegro ran into the houso, and husband anil wife walked up and down two or three times in the darkness, sho tolling him all about the wonderful thing that had linpponed. " You nro glad, aro you not, Martin? As glad as I ara." " Ar.o vou so very, glad ?" : " Yes, for I knpw that Allegro lovos him) has loved him for a long time." "Meaning six weekB' or so— allowing n fort night for tha process of falling in lovo. Is that what you onll n long time, l3ola ?' " Weeks aro long sometimes," she answered, slowly, as if. her thoughts had wandered in another oliamiel. " Woll, if Allegro is pleased I suppose I ought wvr uw wuuiviiv, DUIU JJIBIIU/. uuiucrb KUEIU3 tt fine frank follow, and I have. never. heard any thing to bis discredit. He was popular in the navy, and was considered a man of marked ability. I daresay people will call him a good .match for Allogra, so long as Lostwithiel re mains a baahelor." " No one can be toa good for Allegro, and only the best of men can be good enough. If I bad my own way I Bhould havo liked her to remain always unmarried, and to care for nothing bat her nephew nnd you. I should have liked to think of hor as always with you." Tho triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola ;was in very high spirits, and hor husband was dolighted at tho change from that growing ap'atny whioh hnd frightened him. The ladies hnd saareely left the table when Captain Hul bort arrived, and was ushered into, tho dining- room, whero Martin Disney was smoking his after dinner pipo in the ohimney oornor — the old ohimney corner of that original Angler's Nest, wnich had been a humble homestead 200 years ago. Tho two men shook hands, nnd then John Hulbort seated himself on tho opposite side of the hoartli; nnd they-began to tnlk earnestly of tlm'future, Martin Disney speaking with fond olfcotlon -of the sister who. bad boon to him nlmMt as n daughter. N \ , . / :,'H6r<;notlre\ tjib sweetest and truest of lwouien,"-i6 saiil.i, .agil her': father had, orie of tJia'njast refined and delicjlto natures I ever met wi tfi'jpaman. t-do UptAnow that he was nltdjtber' $ttoddpt(tJ)U'CUrurob. He waswant- ing.in eimrg'mlifeciiskih, or foroo of oharaoter ; bat. he was a firm believer, pure minded ' and disinterested, and ha was an artist to the tips of his'fingors. ' It is from him Allegro inherits hor lovo of art; only,.while ho.was'.oontent'to' trifle with art she has worked with : all -'the power of her strong, resolute temperament. She inherits that from hor mothor'a line, .which,, was a race of workors, men with whom liohievement was a necessity 01 exiatenee — mon who fought, and men who thought — sword and gown." Disney smiled nt the stern oondltlon of a year's probation whioh Allegro had imposed upon' her lover. "Suoh sentenoes aro very often remitted," he said. . " I own to having some hope of mercy," re- pliod Captain Hulbert. People havo nn idea that May marriages are unluoky ; but it seems to mo that Juno is a capital month for n yachts man's honeymoon; and if I can persuade my doarcst to remit half my period of probation and fix tbo 1st of June for our wedding, I should be just half a year happier than I am now." Have you any notion yot what kind of life yon aro to lead after your marriage. I hopo it will not bo a roving life. Isola and I would liko to have our sister noar us." " And Allegro and 1 would liko to study your liking," laughed Hulbert. " Wo may wander a littio on summer ooas, but we will have our fixed abode, and it shall he near you. So long as Lostwithiel is a baaholor wo can ranks our home at tho Mount ; but fond as I am of that doar old plaoe, I should be glad to soe my brother married. There is something amiss in his present mode of lifo; and I have but too strong reason to fear that he is not a happy man. "Have yon any idea of the cause of his un-' happiness ?" " Only speculative ideas— mere theories that may be without foundation in fnefc. I fanoy that he has burnt tho lamp of life a little too furiously, and that the light has grown dim in the sookat. The after taste . of a fiory youth is the taste of dust and nsbeB. There may bo memories, too — memories of some post folly— whioh are vivid enough to poison the present. I know that he is unhappy. I have tried to iiiiu uut wiiu unuav) uuu tv mil ciiuo 111 lima— au obstluato roservo on his part, and moro theoris ing on mino." " I have heard that he lived in a bad set after ho left the University ?" "A bad set— yes,1 that is it. A man who hogins life in a certain eircie ia like a workman who gets his arm or hislog caught unawares in a machine worked by steam power. In an iristant he is entangled past rescue. He Is gone. He has taken the wrong road. Ten years after wards, perhaps, when he is bald and wrinkled, he may pull himself up on the downard trade and try to got rid of a had reputation and ranko a frosh start ; but thoso fresh starts rarely end in n winning raoe. I am very sorry for my brother. Ho is a warm hearted follow, with A good deal of talent ; anil ho ought not to have mado a bad thing of his life." "Let us hope that he may havo pulled up in timo, and that he may got a young wife before he is many years oldar. I havo no desire that my stater s son should be a peer. I only want to soo hor happy with a husband who shall b« worthy of hor." (to be continued.) 