: DOROTHY'S UNDER STUDY. THE EIDDL1 OP BARRY MABKHAM'S LIFE. One d&y;, many months before Dorothy Jeft the stage in the abrupt manner which Used to ruffle the manager so afterwards, Bhe had come walking into tho office leading a smaller and much more untidy little girl than herself by one grimy. "Here's my nnderstudy, Mr. Phillips." announced the little actress, " aud her name's Kstherine.' And, though the manager had stormed a good deal and declared he would not stand it, Dorothy's word had stood, and Katharine be came her veritable shadow. Where the email actress had found hor no one ever discovered, but judging from the ragged little frock which scurcoly covered her plump body, and the dust-filled curls, it must have been in some alley far removed from the fashionable quarter of the city. But between Dorothy herself and her foster- mother and dresser, they soon turned the smaller child into a clean, sweet, big-eyed girl. Inside of a week she knew everyone in tho company, including the pets of the women ; inside of a month slio could go through bor lines in "Fauntleroy" with the best of them, and with an astonishing grace and ease. Undoubtedly tho little raga muffin either possessed talent herself or else had inherited it from her relatives; and, having shown that talent, she dropped into the company us naturally as if she had been acting since she wore long dresses. When Barry Markham, that elegant, blase young man who condescended to grace the stage with his distinguished presence— these were the comedian's sarcastic words con cerning him — joined the Fauntleroy Com pany, every woman in that aggregation said in ber inner heart she would bring him to her feet; for added to a most enchanting mannor and bearing, there was an sir of delicious mystery about him which was really quite irresistible. No one knew any thing definite of him, though tho Old Woman whispered once or twice to the Leading Lady that she knew he must be a real nwell, running away from somothing ; and the Advance Man, who dropped hack once a week to have a game of poker with the First Heavy, was half-way sure he had seen him through tho window at an "upper-ten" reception. But fciiia was mere guessing ; the facts were only these : He never smiled ; he never gossiped with the others ; he dressed weii, but tastefully— something the others did not; he played tho Earl as if his life depended upon his success; and. he took life very, very seriously. The one thing which made him Beem real and tangible to the other men was that he drank a good deal — night drinking, too— though lto never got too much ; bat although he asked them to join him, whenever they happened in the same place, it was with the air of a baron paying for the wine for Ilia tenants. All in all, he was a charmingly handsome and thoroughly de lightful mystery. Until he saw Katherine for the first time. Then he became a veritable puzzle. He met her one afternoon ns he was stumbling along the abominably dark and noisomo alley leading to the stage door, and, for a moment, the tall serious actor stood staring down at the little girl its if he had seen a ghost. To be sure, she was anything but ghostly, being quite as plump and rosy as when Dorothy had brought hor into the company ; and the yellow heir, which needed no addition when she "wont on," tumbled about her pretty face in a very attractive sud material mam ner; but the actor continued to stare until it ocourred to him that he was blocking the way, and that possibly tho little lady, who was waiting so patiently with the sweetly childish smile upon her sunny face which made every one her friend, might want to go on. With a hoarse "I beg your pardon" he took off his hat gravely and stepped aside. She looked up at him quite as gravely and said : " Thank you, sir," as she passed. After which he wandered down- street toward his hotel, and went by three saloons without stopping in one. Which undoubtedly proved tho disturbed condition of Mr. Barry Markham'a mind. From that day forth he was a different man. He drank less, he talked more ; he took to haunting baak-alloys aud strae'.B— after he had learned ICatherine's vory limited history — and he conversed with all tho inhabitants of these unsavory por tions of the oity who had reached the middle mile-post of life. Every day saw him " doing tho slums," as the others said ; but, from his drawn sad face when he returned from his trip3 it wrb evidently not for the pleasure he found there. If what ho learned there made him sad, however, he made up for it when he came back, for once near the little girl who had interested him so, he forgot his troubles, whatever thoy wero, and wartnod his cold heart in the sunshine of hor happy smiles. And it would have taken a cold and hard heart, indeed, to withstand tho straightforward, qoefiding little ways with which Katherine 'went to him. Nothing could frighten or disturb ; her, seemingly ; nothing seemed bad or un- j pleasunt to her pure heart; and once her i faith was grounded in her new friehd, which , was soon tho case, nothing on earth coald i have uprooted her conviotion that ho wrb tho best and kindest man in tho world. ' Before he had been with, the company two weoks, she had given him her full faith and love ; and, in turn, sho had crept into hie . heart and filled it so thoroughly that the i combined charms of the ladios of the com- j pany could not havo usurped a corner of it —a fact they soon became aware of. The ! calm, self-posBcssed Markham Ipred little Katherine as if she were his own daughter. "She reminds him of some one," said the Advance, one evening during tlie perform ance, when he had returned from a trip with the road-company which Mr. Phillips sent out the first ui the season. " and it is either that his lady-love married some other fellow and this is the child, or else his sister rati away and wont on the stage and deserted liar youngster. That is nty opinion, under stand ; I never could have got anything out of him. Never saw such a close- mouthed man in my life ; but, lordly, ain't he fond of the kid 1 Why, it's a fact that when ho playa . Earl to tier I.ittlo Lord, and . sho purs her arni3 around his nook, I'vo seen him tremble from here. Gimme a match,' Jim." .. Then, as the flashy young man lighted his cigar, ho continued between puffs ; "I'll bet no's 'way up in G, too, when i he's home. Saw some of his clothes t'othet day ; and, by thunder! they had one of these hero — what-you-call-'em.?— crests: or coat-of-srms on 'em — old family, you know, He's been a blood, you hear me whisper ing. And Katie's as good as a gold- ottro for him ; d- — d if he'll take a drink of ginger-ulc, now 1" Whorcat the speaker laughed delightedly, and uudgod his friend between tho ribs as Markham passed them on his way to the stage. A month passed, and closer and dearer to each other grew tho strangely-matched pair; they took long walks about the city; they went to the "Zoo" together.; they' oven nad a drive in a beautiful carriage with two horses, nnd the driver clad in Bomeone's cast-off livery now and then'; and they wero very, vory happy.. Tho tali, handsome young man, and tho smiling, Bweet-faced little girl: were very fond of each other, and the company wondered why — and took it out in wonder-, ing. Matters canto to a crisis one afternoon soon niter Dorothy took her peremptory departure. The manager was iu anything, but a good temper, owing partly to that affair and partly to the new play now being gone over, and which sooibed determined to go wrong from tho first. The cast had started out being slow, nnd when he stormed, as he always did when angry, they became sullenjind indifferent. Markltam was late — off on one ot his slumming tours, said the Lsading Man— and when, to cap the climax, Katherine forgot her lines com pletely, and could not remember them when angrily prompted by the manager. Mr. Phillips lost control of himself entirely, and, plunging at her, he struck tho troubled, patient little face a cruel blow with his open hand. " Take that, you little fool 1" lie cried, with a curse, while the others stood staring at him in incredulous astonishment ; "you haven't brains enough to live ! Get off the stage, I tell you, and don't yau come back till you can say those lines from first to last, do y' understand ? And if I eatch you — — " He stopped suddenly, aud his unpleasant face grew fairly livid ; standing in the wing was the towering form of Barry Markham looking at the manager in such a way as to make hint shiver. With a little cry of love and trust, be tween her sobs of pain, Katherine ran to him with outstretched hands, and, stooping, he gathered her into his strong, arms and held her closely to him. She laid one soft cheek, still red' with the mark of tho manager's heavy hand, upon his breast, and began kissing the hand she loved so much, nnd which held her tightly now. One of tho women pressed her hand kerchief to her eyes quickly and looked away. For a minute Markham held the loving baby to hint, and then he put her gently down upon a pile of grass-mats in the wing. Then he shook off the big top coat he always . wore, stripped his gloves quietly from his hands, and laying the.n all down beside Katherine he crossed the stage to where the manager stood. For'the first time he spoke, and his voice, thongh low and calm, fell upon Mr. ' Phillips' ears like the ring of cold steel. "Put up your hands !" Tho manager turned a shade paler, and: started to speak, "Pnt up your hands!" 'said Markham'a little louder, doingso himself. The manager, hardly knowing what he was doing, doubled, his fist9 and held them in front of him. The next moment he was staggering across the green stage-carpet as if he had been shot. Ho was a powerful . man, and, with a roar of rage, he recovered him self suddenly and hurled himself upon the actor. But Markham had been a gentleman and an athlete, and he was ready for him. One — two — threo blows only, but so terrifi cally scientific wero they, so entirely square and hard, that no more were needed. The manager fell against the back -drop in a senseless mass, and Markham, with a grim smile, picked up his coat and hat and pnt them on again. Ho turned to the others, as two silent stage-hands carried the bleeding manager to tho nearest dressing-room and said, slowly:— "I sincerely beg the ladies' pardon for this disgraceful scene, but it was quite un avoidable. I have just learned this after noon that my— my wife is dead, and that Katherine, us I hoped and prayed, is my daughter. ' That is all." He turned, and taking the little girl into his arms -once more, he bowed to the others, and picking his way through dust-covered piles of rope and tarnished finery, past wornout drops and broken furniture, and into the little alley where ho had first met the little one who was clinging about his neck now and smiling through her tears again. As they passed under the dim light which flared and danced in its wire cage above the door, he stooped and pressed his lips again and again to those of his baby ; and, though she knew he was happy, thore was something like tears in his eyes, and his voice trembled a trifle when, a moment later, he called a cab to take them to the hotel. »' You have seen Markham and his daughter play "Fauntleroy "? Then you have soen the best Little Lord, and the most natural Earl on the Btage, tor the love they Bhow for each other, toward the end of the little play, does not have to be aoted at alL At an entertainmont given to a boys' club in Boston, under the supervision of some charitable ladies who managed the affair, a reader was to recite Scott's poem of "Loohinvar." Fancy his surprise at finding the managers, who were averse to having anything in praise of wine read to their pupils,' making an alteration of the lines; — And now am I come with this lost love of mine, To tread but one measure, drink one cup of wine, to the following : — And now have I come with this beautiful maid, To tread but one measure, drink one lemon ade. 