Mr. Gillies defeated Ministers lost night on aside question. Ho carried a motion l>y 44 votes to 38 to report progress, and so postpone the incomo tax till the House could see. further as to the possibility of retrenchment. IIo spoko on the Budget oracularly for an hour and a half ; and, like most oracles, said nothiug.- Not a single gleam of new light came from any part of his long' stream of words. And yet it is but fair to the lion, gentleman tu say that the House listened to his trite truisms with as much attention as Euglish bookmen were oueo wont to pay to the Tupperian philosophy. So potent is mannor. There is indeed a sort of ability, and that perhaps of no contemptible kind, in the very mannor by means of which Mr. Gillies elaborately prepares to utter a sentence which has absolutely nothing in it. The secret of this kind of success lies in the difficulty which the average man feels in realising that what is uttered with sueli portentous sagenoss cau he mere parrot wisdom. And yet it is doing tho member for the Eastern Suburbs no injustice to say that lie did nothing better than vaguely repoat, in non-committal language, tho suggestions of thoso who had preceded him. He is of course directly opposed to an income tax, at least for this occasion, and ho- did not scruple to tell die Premier that, had he aud those acting witli him known that Ministers were to bring in this odious tax, they would never havo placed tho Government where it is. He gave Ministers the samo assur ance of tho ioyalty of tho House that wo cited last week— that of the self interest of members. Thore are no intrigues to . displace Ministers, simply bccanso nobody wants to ho tho Hercules of the situation while tho task of cleans ing the Augean stables remains to be accomplished. Tho gamo is not wortli tho candlo at the present time ; or to uso Mr. Gillics's own expressive slang — " It's not good enough." Nodoubt it is this very knowledge which makes tho Ministerial backbone all the more rigid. It is not an unnatural thing for Ministers to feel that thoy who bear the burden of the times should unite command with responsibility. Nor could there he any reasonable demur to this, if the matter stopped there. Tho pilot who is in charge of tho vessel during tho tempest cannot permit of any divided command ; and in tho samo way the Com mander-in-Chief does not delegate his authority in tho face of the enemy. But the general docs summon a council of war, remembering that "in tho multitude of " counsellors there is safoty." This is just what lias boon urged in vain on tho Government. If Ministers would havo only consented in time to take counsel with a friendly House, no ono would have found any complaint against them for taking their own courso afterwards. Of coarse that is too late now, and cannot be brought about by Mr. Gillios's motion. Certainly ono effect of the Bpeech of Mr. Gillies must inevitably have been' to harden Ministers in their determination to insist on tho income tax. At tho very time that the member for the Eastern Suburbs was insisting that retrcnehment is to per form all tho work of tho proposed new taxation, ho evinced his own insin cerity by doclaring against any reduction of the municipal subsidies, the Education expenditure, or the Dofencos. This shows that Mr. Gillies's mind is one which for gets nothing and learns nothing. It can not rise to the new conditions of the day, nor perceive the larger aspects of tho reforms which aim at widening the scope of self government. Ho doos not deny that tho present subsidies aro paid almost entirely to relieve property owners of thoir present duties in local taxes ; but ho would maintain them without one word of attempted defence for that which is really indefenBiblo. So, too, tho declaration for maintaining tho Educa tional expenditure at its present standard ovincos tho samo incapacity for tho rccoptlon of now ideas. After this Mr. Gillies, as tho head of a rotronchmont Govornmcnt, is a simple impossibility. It is difficult to toach now trickB to all old dog, and tho veteran Consorvativo finds it impossible to eman cipate his mind from tho thraldom of old habits of thought. Thore cannot bo h doubt that Mr. Gillios's spcccli will reveal to tho country tho perils that would stand involved in a return to his disastrous leadership. Gravo as is tho cmorgancy of tho country, tho lion, member has not tho ghost of a suggestion iu tho way of help. In a vnguo and gonoral way ho advoeatos rotronchmont, as all do, but lie cannot say wlioro it iB to fall nor how it is to help. Ilis criticism from first to Inst was destructive, not constructive. To do Mr. Gillies justice, it is not often that ho descends to what is quite ridiculous; but when, as an argu ment against tho incomo tax, lie draw what lie maant to ho a moving picturo of a friond who was in dnnger of having to "sell his pony carriage, ho caused the Houso to laugh over his pathos. At a time when the country is familiar with tho facts of thousands of families sleeping without beds and dining without a meal, it savors of bathos to sound a dirgo over tho loss of " a pony carriago." An attentive Houso cannot have failed to nota . tho utter discordanco botwecn tho notes sounded in tho speeches of tho old joint leaders, Messrs. Deakin and Gillies. The separation of tho pair lias enabled oacli to do justice to his own individuality. Tho Liberal looks out on tho futuro with brood and comprehensive views. Tho Conservative, released frou/ tho tension of an unnatural partnership, lias fallen back into his natural petrifaction of ideas — sterile, barren and non-progressive. An income tax Government has few attrac tions at the best. But the roturn to another Gillies rfghnc could not bo contemplated with anything short of a sliuddor. The Houso would as soon think of perpetrating patricido as trying to escape tho Chaiybdis of Patterson by rushing on the Gillies Scylla. And -yet by a vote on a sido issuo of reporting pi-ogress, tho Ministry was virtually' dofeatod. A few words dropped by tho Treasurer showed that the Government is resolved to stand steadily by its incomo tax. " If the Houso " wants its work, done in another " mannor, it must get othor men to do " it," says Mr. Carter ; and tho Treasurer speaks liko a man who would gladly lay down his.burdon. "We wore "delighted when wo wore turned out " " it is our desire to keep tho present Go- " vernment where it is for the present." " What would you do if we wore to leavo " olfico ?" queried tho Premier. Thcso expressions niay.be taken with a discount, hut thoy roughly measure tho declonsion of tho prizes of Ministerial office in tho estimation of the political mind. All this, of course, adds to the prestige of any Ministry which is prepared to stand in tho broach, and fight the country's battle in tho crisis of its trouble. And rightly so. Tho Pattorsou Government, liko all others, has made mistakes, but it has risen in its administration commensurately with the emergencies of , tho times, and this gives it a hold both in tho Houso and tho country. It is not at all likoly that the Ministry will pormit itself now to bo compelled into a courso which it refused to accept voluntarily. Mr. Bent's incursion into the realms of debate last ovouing was quito character istic — audacious in its abuse and contra dictory in its reasoning ; but running through its general incohcroncy - there was a substratum of reason. The Speaker sweeps away Mr. Gillics's objections to reducing tho Educational and Municipal grants, aud declares that it is quite pos sible to savo immediately £300,000 botweon the two items, to tho benefit of the State. In many other instances there is no cohesion in the party which last night supported Mr. Gillies. Iu tho last as in the first of tho Budget debate, ono fact has come out clearer than all others, and this is that the country through its representatives is at last prepared to take an entirely new departure in order to got back to reasonable State expenditure ; and if this feeling leads to a thorough decentralisation, by means of which local government 1ms devolved upon it larger duties and responsibilities, a very groat national benefit will grow out of an unpre cedented financial trouble. But it lias now come to that point when tho Houso might either support tho Government or lose it. The man who claimed respect because he was ono who "had losses" had grounds for this appeal. In order that lie might liavo sustained losses, lie, or his progeni tors, must havo had previous earnings, and the plea really was that there had been a capacity to oarn. The colony of Victoria, in common with other Australian colonies, has had losses during tho last few years, but tbey do not reprosont money brought into the colony by tho losers. What it means is that savingB honestly made havo been dissipated. The loss is serious to individuals who havo grown old, but not so much so to a community which necessarily preserves its youth. What we havo to consider just now is whether tho oppor tunities which this country presents for acquiring wealth have disappeared. Put in that way, tho position in regard to tho finan cial scare assumes an almost comical aspect. The feeding capacity of our pastures is greater than it was in tho early days, as testified by the large increase in tho number of shcop and cattle which Mr. Haytcr records. This iB not remarkable. There aro moro peoplo interested in live stook, and greater caro is oxorcised in their preservation. The multiplication of water storages would alono suflieo to account for tho increased car rying capacity of tho country. Nor have we arrivod at tho ultimate triumph of pastoral industry. North America raises cattle iu great numbers, Bending a largo supply to tho European markets, and makes a strenuous effort to supply its own necessities in wool. Yet, owing to tho inclemency of the winter season, cattle there have to ho housed aud fed during the winter months. This means that tho owners grow food, not for themselves alone, but -for. tho .animals under their charge. The trouble of tho animal creation in Aus tralia is not tho winter, hut the Bummer. Tho feeding capacity of ostates, great and small, dwindles in" a 'drought. Is there any reason why our graziers — especially those operating on a small scale— should not provide against this contingency as the North American stock owners provide against tho winter's frosts and snows ? Our farmers say that tliey must lot feed go to waste a part of tho year because full stock- ing then would mean starvation for their boasts in the drier season. But tho American farmor lias to provide for arti ficial feeding during a part of tho year, and why cannot similar provision bo mudo here? Cultivation for feeding and the extensive use of tho silo would add onor- motisly to tho live stock of tho colony, and the profits of tho roarers, Tho old adage has It that It is an ill wind that blows nobody any good, and it has itn illustration in tho stimulus which mining lion rocoived from tho collnpse of tho land boom and tho building mauiu. Gold yields aro improving, now minos aro hoing sue- ccssfully oponcd up, and old ones aro show ing how shamefully thoy wero neglected when nnothor class of investments were in favor. Now that town houses aro not in demand, people are induced to put tlioif capital into mining, with tho rosult thnt tho roturnB aro not only vastly improved, but are improving month by month. When wu talk of " workoil out " goldfields, wo mean the superficial alluvial dcpusitsjTmt tho moro permanent sources of auriferous supply will scarcely bo affected by the operations of . sevoral generations. Anothor sourco of wealth is the . agricultural capacity of tho country, tho practical limit of which is tho market for the produce. Victorian ' wheat is uncquallod in tho world, and all that Victoria now grows is bat a trifle to what she could produce wero not bread- stud's so phonomoimlly low in price. But a rise in prices and an cxtousiou of tho acreage under wheat crops aro amongst the strong probabilities of tho future. Even with prices as they are the mallee areas now being thrown open for selection have applicants ten deep for each block. It may be said that encomiums upon the pastoral, agricultural and mineral re sources of tho colony aro moro truisms. Tho increasing population, wc will ho told, cannot bo absorbed in grazing areas, mallee blocks and large farms. It is reasonable to suppose that it cannot. But it does. not follow that an independent oxistonco cannot be found for. tho sons and daughters of the soil. There arc rural occupations which do not rcquiro largo areas of land. A fow industrious Chinamen can make more, under favorable circumstancos, by growing cabbages on an aero or two than many a man doos by grazing on a similar numhor of square inilos. It is idlo to expect, however, that wo can turn tho Victorian population into ft community of markot gardeners. The doinand for that description of pro- duco is necessarily limited, and any largo export trado cannot bo ex pected. What, then, is tho moaning of tho poworful movement now going on for the settlement of tho peoplo on small areas of land ? Tho settlers aro not cxpoctcd to grow wheat at half a -crow'n a bushel, and certainly not to grow vege tables far in excess of tho market require ments. What is in tho mind's oyo of overy supporter of thcso sottloinont schemes is tile creation of a class which will produce oxportablo commodities for -which there is a suro market. Fruit is suro to bo a stand by with tho minor land holder. Experiments mado heretofore in tiie way of establishing an export fruit trnde liavo not boon altogether encouraging, but tho failures seem attri butable in moBt enses to avoidable causes. Tho difference' in tho seasons between the Southern;1 and the Northern hemispheres must 'iliVays givo a'tgroa& advantage to the', Australian ' friut grower. Then there is the flower farm, which is bound to,. become a flourishing institution by and bye. It is a source of groat wealth to Grasse and Nice and tho surrounding country, and there is no reason why it Bhould not bo to Australia. But it is tho wino industry to which wo must look for tho maintenance of tho bulk of our settlers on small areas. It has made Franco practically tho wealthiest country in Europe, and what it lias done aud promises to do for California was graphically told by our Chicago corre spondent in our Monday's issue. The : State, which resembles Victoria in olimato and area, turns out now 20,000,000 gallons ' of wino and 1,500,000 gallons of brandy a year, aud tho industry is steadily progress ing. There is overy reason to suppose that tho Victorian produce is superior to the Californi&n;, and as there is an inex haustible market to bo found in England, the mbdo in which a living enn bo found for au4argo population in this country is distinctly indicated. ... , i. . - The rats wlio nibbl9 at thp "staff of life" do not deserve muoh'quartor, and 'yet, it is ' notorious that tho loaf 'of the pooV'faifiily is mulcted by tho 1 ba'sei. Wo need not complain very much that' the bakbrs com bine to maintain the prise" of bread when wheat falls in value, or to add to charges on tho slightest indication of a rise in Hour. What everybody protests against is the tacit undo, -standing that the artiolo sold shall not bo what it pur ports to bo. \\\ c have liad several enact ments to secure to the liousewiio tho brcud for which she pays ; but they havo been pretty much in vain. If she doubts tho quantity of broad given, or oveu knows by examination that it is short in weight, she has practically no remedy. Tho rotations would bopainfully s trained between tliocodk and tiie baker's man wero ' tho Utter called upon to record the weight of each loaf dolivorcd, and his stiitc- meiit to bo verified by tho iiousi- holder's representative. Tho sliadoivj protection of tho oxisting Aet has beeu rendered of no avail, partly because of this consideration, and partly because tho baker could always escape responsibility by pleading that his bread was "fancy," and therefore outsido tiie operation of the Aet. Mr. Cartor's Bill, passed through tho Assembly on Wednesday, is well meaning, but it may be doubted whether it will accomplish tho object aimed at. It extends the meaning of plain bread, which must bo sold by weight, but leaves a loop hole for fraud by tho adoption of new denominations. In these days of cheap wheat and dear loaves, it is aggra vating to find that tho consumer has to get four loaves instead of three iu order to supply his wants. Mr. Maloney .weighed his 'household bread for a month, and found the averago loaf deficient by 6£ oz. That in probably the usuul shortage of the trade, and the wonder is that such au open aud flagrant fraud should be per mitted, If the sellers of coal wero to agree that 15 cwfc. should he regarded as a tun for selling purposes, wo presumo they would speedily find themselves com mitted for trial for fraudulent pre tences ; and whore, wo would like to know, does tho sacredness of baked Hour come in ? If a purchaser wants 4 lb. of broad, lie -should get it ; and tho vendor who palms off upon him 3 lb. or 3£ lb. should be liable to prosecution for fraud. Legislation on this subject hitherto has been frustrated by tho exceptions allowed. Why should so-called " fancy " broad not be sold by weight, as " plain " broad is ? Tho exemption of the formor defeated tho object of the Act, since tho bakers could by a mere alteration of form, and without varianco in tho quality of tho bread, remove their produco outsido tho operation of Lho Aet. Wo doubt whether Mr. Carter's Bill will rectify Die evil. " Shoot loaves," " cottage "loaves" and "turnovers" aro mere phrases, and may be changed, as wo dure- say thoy will he, on tho passage of tho Bill. Except in so far as a littlo kudos might bo secured for the author of tho measure, there is little hope that any advantago to tho publio will bo socurod by it. The pro- coss of flooding tho country with inspec tors has boon arrested by tho depression, and tho dutios of inspection under Mr. Cartor'sBill aro to be thrust upon hoiuo class or other of public oinploy&i; without oxtra pay. Everybody knows what that would mean. Sir Bryan O'Loglilon's suggestion, that tho supervision of tho baking trado should be taken up by tho municipalities, is tho quintessence of common sense. It is already the duty of the local bodies to boo that the woights nnd moasures uBod within thoir jurisdiction aro not fraudulent, and it would be only a very slight oxtonsion of thoir authority to . commission them to seo that tho bakers did not palm off 3 ib. of broad for 4 lb. This Bill is nn instance of tho tendency of Parliament to impose upon tho Central Govornment potty dutios which' could very much hotter bo carried out by tlia local authorities. Tho Legislativo Council will liavo an opportunity of moro carefully considering tho Bill than tho Assembly had, and it is one of those moasures which it can amend to its heart's content without any danger of falling foul of tho Constitution Aot. 