DDDICATION OF RBEREDOS. YrctnmDAv noirooseod the d?c?intion of the handsome rarcdone recontly created in St. Savitul'e Cathedral by irs. Thoman to theo memory of her husband, the late Right oRev. Meana Thoman DD., lratBishopo tGoolburn. Morning prayer wao said at eight o'olook by the .Rev. E. P. Hood, presentor, and thea lonone lvoro .road by the Rov. A. T. Poddicombc. Eloven o'cloclk corvice, at which the dedion tion wae porformad, was attended by a largo congregatloo...ltcommenoed with a pronee. aion of the cholir,:' ldrry, and Bishop, from thbo western' doo'of 'thbe cathedral to their aenta in tohe ahnaolb during hlch theo hymn, eark, the iSound o! Holy Vilicee, aon anng. The Litany riwao~ itoned by 'the preontor, ofter which the hymn, Blassed City, Heavenly 8lemt, wans ang. During the singing of the nlost verse the rarados was nvoiled by the Doean, the Roy. Canon D'Arey-Irvine .Di., and the Rov. A. T. Poddleonihb. The Dean then. addressed tho Bishop, saying that he had been doputed by thedonor to request thu acneptnnse by thb Bishop, obhapter, and counoll of that calthodral ohauroh of the reredos which had now bean unveiled, to the glory of God and in piouo memory of the late Right Rev. Meanoa, first Bishop of Goulburn; and further, to rcquoant in her nemo that the gift mightbe oolomonly 'dadi oated to the corsica o! God. The Blushop, in the name of tbo governing body ofttbo cetho. dral, accoptod the ift, and than.proeoedod with the dedioation aerovion. Thie consiated of prayers and picon, followed by tbo dedioaa. tion in the followIng words:-" nu the Name bof thoFthor, and of thbo Son, nod of the Holy Ghost.. Amao.. Wo blese, balloir, nod dedilnte thio gift to be used ie the worabip of the Almighty, anduim the servio no hialnuso fon eto. Aman." .'Otlaot bi?ed and prayers follavad and nddoion'editio dodioatidi oervioo. T ho hymd, " Wh'o ore These like Starn Appearing, Those before God:o Throne Who Btanod" was sung. The Bishop then road the anto.commnnion service. The Epiotle woao.thon read by the precentor and the' Gospel by the Blohop, The hymn, "Lo, Rund tho Throne,, ntGod'n Right Hand" tollowed. The Dean then pronahed the following ,ermon, taking ano hile text Hebrowns ii, 22 and 28. "But yo are aome to the Gonoeral Aasembly and Ohuraoh of the First Born whiebh re writtlon in Heaven, and to the opirits of juat men made perfect," From theose words I doniro to bring before yaou cer tain thoughtn opplloablo, I trust, td theo oona alon on which wo are gathered; the solemn oervio of dodication thbat wo have taken part in, and tohe toenohin of tho abrohab o brought before no in the approaohing festival of All Baints, toaehing no profitable aon almost any that could be preosented to boman oontempla. tion. The general anosombly-of the ohauroh of the First Born and the spirits of just mon made porteot to which won are come thinmorn. ing, open oat to no' thlatcommuolonnwith the heoveoly and unoon statse, that in but little nodorutood by no, hut which we noveartheoless profess to bolinvo in, when ao nay In our oreeds, "' belieov in- the communion of Baints." Lot moenduavourto throwomelittle light upon the ohobourity that oloeido many minds in making thin ounfesnion, that it thao may boeomo a living powner of our faith. First thh ne to the meaning of the words them solves: Baint io the translation of the Latin, anotuae, and means holy, and communion is intimate rleationohip, olifance, and inter ourae. In afirming our bel'ef in this oem mioni, wo professuto believe in the existones of relationships between all ho!y beinge; andtmoroover in relationohipo do mysterious that they are properly the saubject of that tailh which ia "the evoidence of things out soeen."...Ao Bishop Wesotaott pats it-"-Tho idle of a communion of emainto inocludes two main thoughts--the thought of a lifo wider' than the life of sense, and the thought of a life under conditions different from those on earth." Who then '-n the. boinga' among whom this relationship or communion exists First of all is the HolyOno, God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghoat. Passing from the infinite to the finite, there aro--(t) thenngels, (2) the eouls of the dead, (8) the servantols of God 0on earth. Now io the profeionio-n f ouraiitih, I 'taho it -to be, that We profesn to bolierv that there in a:rol tionebip betwoon all thIbis three--l) between God and the angels, (2) between God and the 'souls that aro at rent, (i) between- God and. Hinsservants in- this worled. Againi,' mong His creatures there ar mutuanl relationships, snhob as--(l) the angulb with us, (2) we with anoh other, (8) we wi the departed that have noon belore, and (4) peromhne angels also with them; thus again have wo and they communion: one with. 'oaoh other, in God. But you will observe that these relationships differ in loearneso. Some are so plain that nothing need be said about them; others lie in the region of eonjooeture. We might olaesify them no--(1) the known, (2) the un known, (3) the known in part. (1) The knuwn are the rolationa that God onss tains to us as our Creator, Redeemer, and Banotillfr: Bio relation to the angels as their Lord and King; the relations of the angels to us, as miniotering or guardian sprotsa; and our rolations to one another, asn baptized into coo body, and fed with the same words and saoraments. (2) Theu unlnown rolationohip is that betweon the angels and our friends who have gonn hondo. All is an certain on this point; there may ha, or there may not he, communion botween angelio spirits and "the upirits of just 'mono made perfoot." God howo, -not man. (8) And thoun thlo.pnpartly knuoa. reo the relation. ships thaeit bdt0houen an "and tho holy dead; a cooneotion won feel io maintained, yet we. know not how; wo feel that those who are eorollod in the ronko of "the goneral nsnumoly, &A.; nod the spirits of thojust made perfect," romomber and love us, but-wno know not the extent of their koowledge no to what is panssing in this waorld; it may bh, I anay may be, they pray for us, but if they do, we known not how, or wh-n nieoh prayers ore otffered. Wo know hut in part, but oven wha, no do know is precioous, for when fully be linevd, it oelevates the lifo, bringo the visible and invisiblo together, and mokos the man \- more upiritually minded, more revorent, more cale. Now taking this general view of our onbloot, let me on this oconsion, when we have dedtoated a most beautiful memorial to the glory of God, .and in' memory of His dear servant, ou lato revered and beloved - Bishop, dwell morn particoularly on the quention of the coummuniot or relationship ot tbho pirits of the jet'made perfoot nd thoeoo who re maio in thi. world. Nao theme can be morn nf?utig' or more aaitablo for our meditation, and an no choold:wenappnakfwith:mor dvodro oone or cntion, and that I desire to do. A friend goos away, he ptsnee from oar view, thu heart ii sad, thu oyos are full af tears, ,w eay, "It is Ulover. H isgone." Doe he live II so, is he otill anght to es, or we to him ? On these pints wen are not left to more coo jueoturo, the teaching is clear .and distinct. It comes to as from thbo written word of God; from the conourrent belief of Bia people: and from the voioe of naturo that no man eon still. We know that the departed live: that they are conslouine: that they- who die in the Lord are happy: that.they are with Chriot: that they are still one with ae: that they remember, love, and think of us. Yes, we are still members of th'e.amo aohroh, the nsame hoashbold, the same family: they have but passed out of one rom into another; the same roof is still oover usn; they' ore in a better, brighter room'of the oame home; and it may be they cease not to oeunt the vary liours till wn are with them. But do we realise thiel With the oxeoption of a few darnmsot onuls here and there, wen hardly reoaline it at all. For who, in the 'majority of onseo, are farther from us than the doead? When they di we amra anlmost heart- brokou. We o'monurn them for a time pen then thoy fade away from our thoughts, andwe liera on no though whataver they may have. ben .to uas they are nothing now: moro names, hadows, saonrce moonothan myths; porson with whom no once had to do, who erm now eoxtinet, whoea names are seldom to be men tioned, or if mentionud, only ano one speako of an old relei or a thing thht in no longer. And though no may formally admit that we oxpect to moot them again, how oflten is the condoot at nvariane with the belief. Worn they now anoihiloted, weano the presoent oeparation an eternal one, wae could not olten oet othorwino than we do in hunehiog up the idea of our lose, in naming them no more, in not bearing them in thankful remembrance in our hearts when weo draw nigh to God. The truth is, that bChrietians though woe bo, we are far behind thbe heathen in truth and fidelity to our dead, taough wo profoes to believe that it Wor Christ who brought li a and immortolity to light through the gospel, thoogh wo commit to the grave tbo remaiuo of our fricods in the ofutO and certoiu hope, &A;," I pray you then to bear in mind tbe contrast betweenoo the faith of the church and our pruactic, and I viould urge you to etroeugthoo. by all proper means your faith in the commonion of all holy opirits. By whatever means that faith can be deepened in the heart-by reading, prayer, meditation- let It grow stronger from day to d ,y. After all, how smaell a part of the churcl of God do we form I The church on earth is a mere fraction compared withl the general ossembly of Ih, Oburch of the .First born whose names, &o.; And it is good for ns to thin of that osesomblyf " : Whro loyulteurtl ano?treo S tlond oveorl the light, An rptou therooghond through, toIn fod's most holy sight. We eeoo not the gloriout focesoo of those who ore now tralkling before Himin the land of the living; but it is a joy to fool that they are nometimdo turned toward us who rsadly wsend our way through th0s world. We cannot hear the voices which ounod in that distant land, celebrating the praise of God and singing the song of Ilosos and theLamhb; but it is a comfort to know that among those nttorancet are prayers which are described in the apocalypse as golden vials full of odours and seeing that they have no wants, who can toll what blessings flow to uos from the nsame ? Shall we not !ovu and remember them? 8ball we not constantly give thankes to God for hea great cloud of witnoes, and long to join thbo glorious baond? Specially, in this hallowed soanotuary, from oweek to week, from holy-day to holy-day, 'as we gather at Holy Communion, and give thanks for the faithlul departed, boseeohiug the graOb that owe need to. follow their good examples, shall we not recall the loving form of him, wheoo' momorial we have this morn ing unveiled, to whom swe owe the erection of this cathedral, the prosperity of this diooeso,' who wa oover a trat Father in God to hin ahildren, and whoes sleeping due bhollows the precinutn of this 'holy houase? Brethren! ouffer the worod of apoutolia exhortttion, "Romember him who had the rule over you, who upoke unto you the word of God, whose faith follow, considering the end of his oon versantiun, Jeasne bChritr, the atome yesterday, toaday, and for over." Remember him, that if It he possible the very joy of heaven may be enhoanced by the feooling-" they, my children below, glorify God in me." With Uas let the righteous be in everlasting remembrance. Needlsay more?yee, lot meadd, the faithful departed live in a truer esens than we live. It in weo who are in the shadows and the dark nous, not they; and if we cling to the idea of communion with them, it will be a powerful aid in oar efforts to elndholy lives, he thought of them will elevate the affegtione, coalm the troubled sounl, and help uas to live on till we join them, where "'turm shall cease sad surges owell no more." . And oh I what will it be to meet them again, to be with them after the stormy voyage of this life ? to be ra. ceived with theminto serlaeting habitatioues ? Who can desoribe tho re-union? Language fails; we fail batk upon the apostle's worde, "Eya hath not seesn,'&a.;," "until the day break and the shadows steal away," until the great reunion in the Father's Home, let us coon tinuously breathe.the prayer, "O Almighty God, who hast eis together Taine own in one communioun, grant uo grace so to follow Thy blersed osint0 it all virtunonus and Godly living, that we may como to those nnspoeakable joys whibch Thou bhoat prepared for them that love Thee, through JeeasO hrisot oer Lord. Amen." Need I now remind you at the objeot to which your offerings are to be devoted this morning; nay, sufferthe reminder to be that as ye are come to the general assembly of the Churoh of the Firstborn whoset nameos are written in heaven, and to the upirits of just men made perfect, so lot the familiar voice of the departed plead with you. You remember how with prayers and in faith he founded the Churoch Synod, how he per eonally and pecuniarily aided its objectsl, how he laboured in its interests night and day, how he interested and obtained the support of English churchmen, how he made the synbd the bchild of his affections, and how frequently ha besought you for the lort of Jesus to help those who in widely scattered distrtiots were seoarohiug for Christ's lost ',beop; and now, though dead, the pleadiogo of the past are still ringing in our eare. Aud I beaeeh yoe by the unored reminisoencoes of those pleadings to make your offerings to God in .the spirit of the divine injunction--oot grudingly nor of necessoity, remembering that the Lord loveth a cheerful giver. The offertory collection was then gathered, and was in aid of the funds of the Ghuroh Sooiety of the diocete. The Bishop then read the prayer for the Ohuroh Militant. A celebration of the Holy Communion, which was well attended, concluded the DuetiCe, At three o'clook a epecialcchildren's service was held, and woes well attended. The Ree. Canon Dr. D'Aroy.Irvino delivered an excel lent and appropriate address. At the evening cervioe there wans a very large congregation, the greater part of the building being well filled. The service again hobegan with a proacesion like that in the morning, the hymn auong .oing the Son of God Ooes Forth to War. The prayers were intoned by tbho precentor. The first lesson wan read by the Rev. Canon D'Aroy-Irviuno D.D., and the second by the Ryv. A. T. Pad. dioumbo. The anthem wan taken from Reve lation vii, 13-17. The hymn song between the prayers and the sermon was, Who are These like Statre Appearing ? The sermon was preashed by the Rov. Canon Kingemill of Albury, who took for his text, Exodus xit, 27, "WlWhat mean go by this eorvios?" He said: This is a question con corning the Lord's Passover. We may well believe that, in the early days it was one of simple inquiry. But asno time has rolled on ward to our day the tone has changed. Open unbelief boldly ahallenges all spiritaol mys teries. Tin.d faith feebly defends them. The noewer of the ohurch is clear and nowavering, that Pasobal Feast leads as to Christ Himself. It carries uns aorose a gulf of more than thirty centuries. It leads as to that astred least in which the central figuro is the eoseinh of Israel and the Saviour of the world. In the benautiful work of art nouvilod io this cathe dral to-day, how foroibly are brought before ns His death and passion and that saored feast round which centre the highest acnot of our Christian worobip and the tenderest af footiono of all Ohristion hearts. In view of tho interesting servioeas of this morning there are certaian lines of thought which may well otrengthon our faith and quicken our interest in thbo far-roaehing power of God's word. Hay we not think (1. Historical continuity of Israel'a Passover and its ultimate develop maent itto the highesot.act of Christion wor ship)' thinPsedhal 'eact is the starting point in the spiritual history of,a nation'e life. That nation is oertaiuly the must mysterious and iuterotasg people who have over troddee this earth. More thbon any other soe have they moulded and ewayed the theughets of men as regards spirisotal things. M?ore than any other people they have moved all the currents of human thought whioch set towards the throne of God, To say where they kept the. Passover would be to carry us across more than thirty anoturiss. But even the last 1800 years opens to u0 a page of history which hle booeen written by the finger of God. When the Ruman desoluation came, and a nation of fierce countesonanoe whoso tougue they klnew not besieged them in all their gateos, they were swept from that land in wh-rb they had slain Him who was thie MIetsiab of Israel and the Seviour of men. We gaze with wuond.ring oyes upou that awful history, yet amllat cuonquest, slaughter, famine, and sloavery, they kept the Passover. In the touleet quarters of great European capitals, in the cities of Germany and oEng land, of tussia and France, they klept the Pasaover. "Se?tlured end. peeled" 0s they wero, nod swept through nll lands with satorms of oursing, voxation, and tobuke, they kept the Passover. They livediin Normano don geons, they were cue down by the owords of the Orcadoers, they were burned and banished and wasteod evermore. Yet even under the rule of Gothic kings and thu tyranny of MoIhammedau prinuces, teen in Iualabar, upon Indian coasts nod within thu great wall of Ohina, they kept the Passover. If great and warliku satioao could have exteurminlted them they would have vanished long igo. If cruelty and rapacity, batred nod fanaticism, could bate destroyed them, it would have been done; but they cannot cense to be, eo. cotdiug to the aoure word of prophesy, until their strange destiny is nooomplished. Burely this is continuity. oBut thie eeono is changed. On that memorahbl Thursday evening which preceded the great scrifeo of Good Friday this Jowish ordnmanuce is changed oue and foreveor Ite something gratsr,'doeper, and of more lasoting significance than theo Passover itolf.. In :bo gathering duolt of that memorable enlniog the Lord with His discipleso posed thot fomiliar road over the ouoot of Olives, which His snored feet woere neveoor nooin to tread. The large upper room was furnished and made ready, the same par haps in which they saow, "not many days hence," their Risen. Around that table are gathered men whoso words will yet shbako the world; ono snored figoro presides, nod no0 thebo Pansover is itself about to paso way; Tho Paschal lamb patosseso away in the presenoo of that " Lamb slain from the fouodation of the world." The broad of Israel paoses, for Obrist says, "I am tbohe broad of lifo; he that comoth noto o shall noaever honeor, and he that bolieveth in Ml aolol never thirst." Trans figured, translateod into ,h highest act of Ohris tian worohip, we now keepthoOb hrisetian Feaoot in remembrance of the great aociiflic. We bohear mnooh of evolution in thio our day, but surely there is ovolution in the deep mysteries of God. Mooes, prophet and lawogiver, fades from our sight in that unknown grave in the mountains of Moab; Aaron is stripped of his priestly robes; the ohoirs of Levites are sileont for over; the Ark itself is lost to the dim and stormy paost. But hObrist is here, "the end of the low for righteooosness" to him that beliopath; theo Messiah of Israel and the Saviour of moo is with as now. Bit noo more the e?One is ehaogod. We are hero living in a land whoso very existonce was nknown to onr forefathers. That beautiful work of nrt anvelled to.day reminds uw of two things. It romiods ns how this anclent choroh to which we belong, Catholic and Apostolio, hno beea transplantct hero from the old English land; and it reminds no of that deported Eogloh Bishbop who sleeps here in the boantiful "house which he built l" nod who did ocsh noble work in planting that hurabh nmbongst us. Th'at church tois here, her confessions of faith, her liturgioes, and her nocient services. She in here loyal to.her Baviour a0 she aver has been " holding forth the words of life." Lilne.the ancient pharos which flung its beams over bhe dark and stormy seas, revealing the friendly harbour and warning of cruel raesf and cunken rooks she is holding forth this word of life. The name of the late honouredandloved Bishop can never be disnoavered either from this boauntifal cathedral or the ohuroh which he helped to plant in this land. He often said "oeveorything whibch we learn when ycung it oonesrated to the Moaster's service, always baecomos nuseful alter'ards." Whon an noder graduato at Cambridge some yooog men formed themodlolves ltoe a society for the pur po?so of studying chureh arrhitecturo, they visited those wonderlul old hobrches whose very atones are sermms full of the memories of past ages and which seeam to echo the voice of vanished generations. Wavooes of abhngo, rvolatlono, and conquest passed over tohe old Englibsh land; but her obaurobhes are imperihabable histories written in stone, telling no of pant generrations. In BSaon or Norman arch, in masnsive tower, or flying buttress, we traeo the hictoery of those who sleep within their precinoto. Our late bishophas shown in this beautiful otructure soine result of the knaowledge gained when young. As this cathedral rose noader hin loving core ha studied with deepest interest the piano of its talented architect. And shall we not re member who in the fall geoorosity of her spirit has presented this noble gift. Generoous to a fault and giving all she ever had of time, or strength, or money to the Mastetr's cause her groat motto through life has been, "Your servant for Christ's sake," But one word of this beautiful Reredos. It reminds that as we have been speaking of continuity nod deovelopment, the snored feast itself shall one day pass. "Till He come" sounds like a trumpet through the epistles of tbohe great Apostle. "Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world" is followed by nother revelation, "Behold He tumeth with elouds and every nye shall see Him;" and yet another, "Behold the tabernoele of God is with -men." In that day there will be ieo remembrance. "Beloved now are we the soons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall he, bhot we know that when Be shall appear we shall be like Him for we shall see Him as Ha is." At the conclusion of the sermon the offirtory was gate'red and was again in aid of the funds of the Ohurch Society. The hymn, Lead kindly Light amid the En. oiroling Gloom, was sungi and the service aoneloded with the Bonedoition pronounnced by the Bishop. The ahoir, Bishop, and clergy.left the cathedral by the western door, the resessional hymn being Now Thank We all our God. Special musio appropriate to the ocoasion was used 4t the morning and evening eorvioe. 