THE LONDON THEATRES. London. October 13, 1893. There can be no dpubt whatever that the new comic opera at the Savoy is the best thing Gilbert and Sullivan (reunited at last) have ' done since 'Patience.' Mr. Gilbert's peculiar humor has grgwn subtler than ever. Some of his jokes indeed flew far over even the . gallery's -head, and even the stalls had occasionally to think them out. But a more brilliant pungent satire on ourselves this king of sardonic sarcasm has never perpe trated. Tht book deals of course purely with contemporary manners. It ?will be as much out of date 10 years hence as 'Patience' is to-day, and our grand children will wonder, no doubt, what we eaw to laugh at in it. Bat the plot will take bo long to reproduce. I must reserve further criticism and also remarks on Sullivan's music The full title of this production is 'Utopia (Limited)* or the Flowers of Progress/' and the name contains in a condensed form the salient points of the plot. King Paramount, the First King of Utopia (Mr. Rut land Barrington), is ruling with more or lees comiort in the Land of Perfec tion. Upon the principle of the survival of the fittest, the Utopians have diwovejed that the best possible form of government is a 'Despotism tempered by dynamite — an autocrat who dares not abase bis autocratic power.' To quote Tarara, the Publio Ex ploder (Mr. Walter Passmore), 'the Utopian monarch is a despot who although in theory absolute is in practice nothing of the kind, being watched day and night by two wise men whose duty it is on his very first lapse from political or social propriety to denounce him to the Publio Exploder, who then has to blow np his majesty with dynamite, who as some compensation for his wounded feel ings is allowed to reign in his stead.1' 'The two wiBe men' are Scapbio{Mr. W. H. Denny) and Phantis (Mr. John LeHay). They have forced their charge to edit and write a 'eooiety' paper called Th& Palace Peeper ' in which imaginary royal irregularities are ' reported, snd to produce a eoruio opera (entirely himself ) in whioh he is held up 10 ' ridicule. King Paramount, who is an easy going monarch, puts up with this persecu tion, consoled with the thought) that there is a humorous Bide to everything, and that his thraldom may be amusing, but he kicks at the 'Palace Paper' and the comic opera in whioh his own personal peculiarities are ' burlesqued. It is while he is attempting to discover ' where the joke comes in ' in these last outrages that his eldest daughter, the ' Princess iSara (Miss Nancy Mclntoshj, re turns from England, where she has carried all before her at Girton. King Paramount, like .the Japanese, is greatly taken with everything English, and besides sending his eldest child to Cambridge, has had her two younger sisters educated on the English plan by a model English governess, for whom he feels a carefully concealed affection. The Princess has brought with her from England Lord Dramaleigh, a British Lord Chamberlain (Mr. Scott Russell), CaptainSir Ed ward Corcoran. K.C.B., of the Royal Navy (Mr. Lawrence Gridley), Mr. Goldbury, a company promoter (Mr. Scott Fiahe), Sir Bailey Barre, Q.C., M.P. (Mr. Enoa Beardmore), Mr. Blushington, of the County Council (Mr. Herbert Rahand), ' and last but not least, Captain Fitzbattleaxe, Firs* Life Guards (Mr. Charles Kingham). These gentlemen are 'the Flowers of Pro gress and Progress,' and the first acb ends \- in one of them (the promoter) converting the Land of Perfection into an association under the Act, with the catching title of 'Utopia (Limited).' He thus describes in a song, which was one of the most successful of the evening, the modus operandi of floating a ' company: — Some seven men form an Association (If possible, all Peers and Baronets), They start on with a public declaration To what extent they mean to pay their debts That's called their Capital ; if they are wary They will not quote it at a sum immense. The figure's immaterial — it may vary From eighteen million down to eighteen pence. « I should put it rather low ; The good sense of doing so , Will be evident at once to any debtor. When it's left to you to say What amount you mean to pay, Why, the lower you can put it at, the better. When it's left to you to say, &c.; ?They then proceed to trade with all who'll trust '6m, Quite irrespective of their capital (If s shady, but it's sanctified by custom) ; \- Bank, Railway, Loan, or Panama CanaL You can't embark on trading too tremendous — It's strictly fait, and based on common sense — Jf you succeed, your profits are stupendous — And if you (all, pop goes your eightoen pence. Make the money-spinner spin ! ?For you only stand to win, And you'll never with dishonesty be twitted. For nobody can know, To & million or so, To what extent your capital's committed ! If yon come to grief, and creditors are craving (For nothing that i8 planned by mortal head j£ certain in tnis yaie or Borrow — saving That one's Liability is Limited) — Do you enppose that signifies perdition 1 If eo you're but a monetary dunce- — You merely file a Winding-op Petition, And start another Company at ones'! Though a Rothschild you may be In your own capacity, As aCompanj yon'vecome to utter sorrow — Bnt the Liquidators 6ay, 'Never mind — you needn't pay,' So you start another Company to-morrow. In the second act we find that .'Utopia (Limited)' has proved a great success. In the first scene we have made acquaintance with a lovely view of one of the happy isles, a land surrounded by azure sky and azure water, and yielding golden palm-trees and silver 8trands._ In the next we have the ' Throne Room in the Palace,' a magnificent eet in which Oriental splendour is tastefully combined with the modulated effulgence of the electrio light. Mr. Hawes Craven (by permission of Mr. Henry Irving) i8 re eponsible for the scenery, and on this occa sion the veteran artist has beaten his own re cord. Captain Fitzbattleaxe, who has been in command of the escort of 'First Life Guards' in attendance upon the Princess Zaraon her voyage from England to Utopia, is paying his court to the young lady. No difficulties are raised to bis suit, nor to the pairing1 of the Lord Chamberlain and ? the Company Promoter (now raised to the dignity of Comptroller of the Utopian Household) with the Princesses Nakaya and Kalyba (Misses Emma Owen and Florence Perry). To inaugurate the company King Paramount holds a court at whioh all the forms of an EngliBh drawing-room are carefully copied, from the entrance of the state officials headed by the CJentlemen-at-Arms down to the last presentation of the youngest debutante. The King wears the uniform of an English field-marshal (which he declares ' to those who \- have been accustomed to the uncontrolled use of their limbs, is -at first a little cramping'}, and before holding his court, presides at a Cabinet; council. He thus earns up the results of the working of the Limited Liability Act in Utopia : — Society has quite forsaken all her wicked courses, Which empties our police courts, and abolishes divorces. Choeds. Divorce is nearly obsolete in England King. No tolerance we ehow to undeserv ing rank and splendor ; For the higher bis position is, the greater the offender. CHOBDa. That's a maxim that is pre valent in England. Ems, No peeress at oar Drawing- room before the Presence passes Who wouldn't be accepted by the lower-middle classes. 35aeh shady dame, whatever be her rank, is bowed out neatly. ©HOBU0. In short this happy country has been Anglicised completely ! It really is surprising What a thorough Anglicising We have brought about— Utopia's quite another land ; In her enterprising movements, She is England— with improve ments, Which we dutifully offer to our mother-land I 1 King. Our city we have beautified— we've done it willy-nilly— And all that isn't Belgrave-square is Strand land Piccadilly. Chobus. We -haven't any slummeries in England ! King. We have solved the labor question with discrimination polished, So poverty is obsolete and hunger is abolished — .'..;. Chorus. We are going to abolish it in;Englandj King. The Chamberlain -our native stage has purged, beyond a question, , . Of ' risky' situation jang indelicate suggestion. ? : No piece iatoleratedif it's costumed indiscreetly—. ? -: Choexjs. In short, thisJhappy country has been Anglicised completely ! King. Our Peerage we've remodelled on an intellectual basis, Whioh certainly is rough on our hereditary races — Chobtjs. We are going to remodel it in England. King. The Brewers aud the Cotton Lords no longer seek admission, And Literary Merit meets with proper recognition — Chobus. As Literary Merit does in England ! King. Who knows but we may count among our intellectual chickens Like you, an Earl of Thackeray and p'r'aps a Duke of JDickens — Lord Fildes.and Viscount) Millais (when they, come) .we'll welcome aweetly — Chobus. In shore, this happy country has been Anglicised completely ! All goes well for a while until the Utopians oome to the conclusion that they are too perfect. Then there is a reaction, and the subjects of King Paramount) clamor for a change of government. At this moment the Princess Zara remembers that England owes her greatness to party feeling. Sne ex claims : — Government by Party! Introduce that great and glorious element — at once the bulwark and foundation of England s great ness—and all will be well ! No political measures will endure, because one Party will assuredly undo all that the other Party has done: inexperienced civilians will govern your army and your navy j so social reforms will be attempted, because out of vice, squalor, and drunkenness no political capital is to be made; and while grouse is to be shot, and foxes worried to death, the legislative action of the country will be at a standstill. Then there will ba sickness in plenty, endless law suits, crowded jailB, interminable confusion in the army and navy, and, in short, general and unexampled prosperity ! The suggestion is adopted with enthusiasm, Soaphio and PhantiB (who nave been plotting against the state) are ordered into custody, and all ends happily. King Paramount declares that from that moment government by party should be adopted with all its attendant blessings, and henceforward Utopia should no longer be known as a Monarchy (Limited), but as something a great deal better a 'Limited Monarchy!' And with a return to a military chorus that had welcomed the appearance of the First Life Guards, the curtain falls for the second and last time. Mr. Gilbert's dialogue is full of good things. The author has obtained a reputa tion for scoffing at 'the young person,' and even in ~' Utopia ( Limited)' he jeers at the mock modesty and prudish airs of the modern Miss. In revenge (as the French would say) he has written an admirable song in praise ot English maidenhood, the final verse of which is worth recording. And this excerpt shall be our last quotation : — Her eoul is sweet as the ocean air, For prudery knows no haven there : To find mock modesty, please apply To the conscious blush and the downcast eye. Rich in the things contentment brings, In every pure enjoyment) wealthy, Blithe as a beautiful bird she sings, For body and mind are hale and healthy. Her eyes they thrill with right goodwill — Her heart is light as a floating feather — As pure and bright as the mountain rill Tnat leaps and laughs in the Highland $ heather. Go search the world and search the sea, Then come you home and sing with me, There's no such gold and no euch pearl As a bright and beautiful English giiL Mr. Jno. Hare and the Garrick company, including Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft, are to appear at Balmoral in the famous revival of '.Diplomacy' on the 24th inst. This is not the first time Mr. Hare has been commanded to Court. Only last autumn he and his pro vincial company played 'A Pair of Spec tacles' before her Majesty. '. Mr. H. B. Irving, jun., commonly known as Harry Irving, has not after all left the stage. Those who have once tasted, the glamor of the footlights seldom do. Mr. Irving will take the title role of Robert Buchanan's new play 'Sheridan' when 'Sowing the Wind,' likely to run a year or more, ceases to attract at the Comedy Theatre. 'Not know G. W. Hunt?' eaid a searteb beaked veteran to a pasty-faced office boy as they hobnobbed over their alcohol at a West end music-hall and discussed tne eaid Hunt's benefit. 'Mr. Hunt, sir,' avowed the speaker, ' stopped the Russo-Turkish war. He wrote, ' We don't want to light, but by 3ingo, &&, and, mark you, we Britons eung it that 'earty night after night that the Czar rsckeraised — 'The Russians shall not 'aye Con-stan-ti-no-ple' — and guv up trying for it. As for Mr. 'Unt, the Sultan wrote 'im a letter of thanks for his kindly feelins towards the Turkish Empire. I reckon thati tetter and a couple of. 'quid' (sovereigns) was all he got out of the song. But M&edt-r-; mott, he raked in the shekels proper.' I actually overhead this conversation. An extremely comical and perhaps not alto gether impromptu addition was made to the programme of the Royal Aquarium entertain ment the other evening. During the antics of some knockabout artists a ghost is introduced, and one of the characters who is supposed to be terribly frightened thereat, ru&hes; about the stage emitting most frantic veils, and en deavoring to escape from the spiritual visitant. The celebrated troupe of performing dogs which come next in the programme, and whioh were placidly waiting at the wings, became tremendously excited at the noise, aud suddenly rushed on the stage in a body and made for the ghost. The latter skipped on to a table in the centre of the stage, and there, surrounded by the whole barking pack, implored someone to call off the dags. Never, probably, did a spectre so entirely lose his dignity. The audience was convulsed with laughter, and it was some little time before the programme could be proceeded with. It struck a good many people afcer wardB that they had to thank Mr. Ritchie's advertising genius for this little diversion. Had the thing been entirely impromptu the ghost would certainly have been mauled by the collies, for his position on the table was no bar to their getting at him had they deBired to do bo. . Mies Loie Fuller, the introducer of ser pentine dancing, probably received the highest sum ever paid to a dancer in England. Her manager has just made a statement which fills one with a great wonder, . qualified by a trifle of — some- thing else. According to Mr. Grace, 'La Loio's' terms with the Gaiety management were that she should have one half the gross receipts over £133, and if the receipts did not reach that sum she should receive nothing. A similar arrangement was made with SbafteB bury Theatre, the Jady doing two 'turns' per night. On the firao evening Miss Fuller's share amounted to £1 from the Gaiety and *'nix' from the Charing Cross-road bouse, but on the following Saturday the receipts had run np, bo that she was paid £93 by the Gaiety and £88 by the Shaftesbury, or a total for one evening's work of £181 ! Both Mi&s; Fuller and her manager are Americans 'by birth and education.' The Drury Lane pantomime box office ib to be opened on Monday next. The preliminary 'puff pars 'are already in circulation, for, in accordance with his custom, Sir Augustus Harris has lifted just a corner of the ourtain and divulged a few stage eecrets._ The simple tale of Robinson Crusoe is the dish chosen by Druriolanus for his patrons, but it will be garnished in the usual gorgeous Drury Lane fashion. A prinoipal feature of the pantomime will be a magnificent procession— an 'object- Ies8on''for the nineteenth century child — to be called 'The history of England in twenty minutes.' Sir Augustus has attempted some thing of thiB kind before, but the memory of all Orury Lane processions is to be effaced by the splendors of that of 1893. It will be the crowning effort in stage effect of Sir Augustus's career. The company engaged is remarkably strong. Ada Blanche, the best 'boy' on the modern etage since Nellie Farren'e retirement, will be Robinson Crusoe; Marie Lloyd will 'wink the other eye' as Folly, the publican's daughter ; and Dan Leno, the inimitable, is case for Mr. Crusoe. Herbert Campbell of course will figure in the piece ; no Drury Lane show would be complete minus that ' fat funniosity.' For the ballet scenes the incomparable Zucohi has been specially engaged, and .iEnea, after an absence of several years, will perform aerial flights among the wings and flies. The harle quinade is to be revived in 'up to date' fashion, and the famous Alberteiri has been engaged for harlequin. Harry Pain will of course.be clown. London, October 20. Despite the characteristic and amusing manifestoes of ' Honest John' (Mr. Holiicgs head) and an admirable band and chorus I fear the operatio version of our venerable friend, 'Green Bushes,' is not likely to 'catch on' with a modern audience. On Monday the humors of Jack Gong and Mr. Grinnidge, at whioh we are told our grandfathers held then: sides, fell very flat The onlookers felt more inclined to titter when Miauii, the impassioned huntress in the wildest districts of America in 1747, descended from the bridge whioh spans the,, ravine and began to warble a particularly up-to-date waltz measure to her lover. Mr. Gilbert has, to tell the truth, spoiled us for plays like Buckstona's old melo-' drama. Even without the music 'Miami' would seem full of incongruities, bnt the ballads and oavatinas and duets and choruses dropped in from time to time heighten its absurdity considerably. Not that Mr. Haydn Parry's score is weak. On the contrary, many of the numbers are melodious -and charming, and will be freely, used in the drawing-room and on the concert platform. \- Mrs. Keeley, the veteran actress, now in her 88th year, was present in the stalls of Drury Lane last Saturday morning, and .after the third aot went round to congratulate Mrs. Bernard Bsere on her performance of the be trayed heroine. This actress has, it is gene* rally conceded, never been seen to greater advantage than at Drury Lane, the huge etage of which just suits' her graceful, sweeping style and dear ridging voice. ? ? '' If the Lord Chamberlain' had, as was rumored, refused to license the new upto date Vaudeville, entitled 'A Gaiety Girl,' whioh was produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre on Saturday last, there would have been really little' to wonder at. A. more daring caricature has never been placed on the stage than that of Sir Alfred Grey, judge of the Divorce Gourt. ? This white- haired functionary, who is given to expatiate rather freely in society upon the details of cases that have come before him in bis official capacity, who with insinuating gallantry assures a married lady that she is 'far top charming a woman to be handed over to the tender mercies of one man,' and who finally contends with an army chaplain in full clerical costume for the privilege of peep ing into a bathing machine in whioh a lady is preparing for a dip in the eea, was on Saturday continually addressed as 'Sir Francis.' Sir Alfred also relates with considerable unction how he onoe rebuked ' Mr. Candlewick, Q.C.,' in this wise, ilia learned brother had taunted a witness who was suing for divorce with the infamy of ' employ ing a- private detective to spy upon his wife.' ' Did you expect,' was the judicial comment, ' the Archbishop of Canterbury to undertake the job, Mr. Candlewick?' In a like frivolous mood the white-haired judge, having been told that Miss Alma Somerset, a young lady whom he meets at a garden party, is a 'Gaiety girl' observes, ' Then I daresay we shall make her acquaintance later on'— a remark whioh is echoed by the Lady Virginia Forrest in the observation, ' I daresay the Gaiety girl ?ysill find it useful to ingratiate herself with a judge — especially with a judge of the Divorce Court.' Of such is the dialogue of ' A Gaiety Girl' after — on dit — a vigorous use of blue pencil by the official censor of playB. The wonder is that he paused it at all. Mr. James DaviB, the author of 'A Gaiety Girl,' was originally one of Mr. Jno. Corletb'a young men, and wrote under the nom de plume of 'Stalled Ox' in the Fink 'Un theatrical notes both crisp and critical. Later he started The Bat, which was for a time the most) audacious and crisply written of all the society weeklies. It came to grief, however, through libelling Lord Durham, and Mr. Davis had to fly the country, leaving, it is said, sundry unpaid contributors behind. Shortly afterwards Mr. Davis's wite inherited a large fortune, but he did not at once settle up with his journalistic creditors, and Augustus Moore and othera attacked him very viciously. A year (or rather more perhaps) ago, Mr. Davis managed to persuade Lord Durham to accept) apologies and damages (or at least law costs) and. returned to England. Whilst abroad he wrote chiefly for Truth, many of the 'Queer Stories' coming from his pen. The action of the new American piaoe 'Incog,' reobristened 'Tom, Dick, and Harry,' turns to a great) extent on the close resemblance between the brothers Dick and Harry Winter. The photo of one of these being found by quick-witted Tom Stanhope (needless to say Mr; Hawtrey's part) whose love affairs are not going smoothly, he obtains a suggestion for a disguise and is soon recog nised by one lady as her husband and by another as her betrothed. Then of course there is Tom's real sweetheart to reckon 'with. Complications last through three acts, and are very funny. 