THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. CHAPTER V.—continued. The following morning he received a letter from Mr Pinna, asking biin to call at his offiea that day at eleven o'clock, when he would explain to him what his powers to help him were. Andrew was not" late in keeping tho ap pointment, although his heart did not boat with very high hopes. Still, ho met Mr Pinna very cheerfully, and tried to suppress his disappointments. It wad in a little room, at the back of a printing office, in which that gentleman received him. Cer tainly thi're was no luxury ia the promises of the Soho Tima. The place wad musty, and ill-arranged. Great heaps of papers were thrown into the corners of the room, while facing a window, the only one, was Mr Pinna' desk. There were three chairs —a high one, suited to the desk; an arm chair, a great deal torn, with the springs showing; and a hair-eeated one, likewise revealing the material with which it. was stuffed. The carpet had bean new a great many years before, but at present it was impossible to tuVivovor ib) pattern. More over, in several places it revealed the nature of the flooring. Mr Pinas wore a short greasy coat, the sleeves of which were Bligutly turned up, while on his feet was a pair of office slipper*, which had the advantage of being very airy. " Well, you've come," he said to Andrew. " Tes, I've come." " And not thought better of it, eh ? I didn't expect to see you again. Why, you can see now the value o£ the literary pre fesiion. It isn't worth a straw, 1 tell you, not a straw. Urn!" -1 hope it may be worth a great deal to me," said Andrew. " 1 hope so—yes 1, hope so. But do you know, young man, thai in the whole of London, among the hundieds of newspapers that are published, there's not more thin about a score that pay anything worth mentioning ? And do you know, too, that it** ncarl; luipo«sit>le for any ooc to get on the staff of those few ?" \- They must be written for," slid Andrew, '• and in time " "There, there, it's jast like me to seek to discourage you. Young fellow, I'm verj foolish, very. As a role I ukc notice of nobud} but mysJf.anl I'm not worth uking notice of. But when I law job, I liked yon. Way, 1 don't know, but 1 did. 01 course 1 did not know whtt you were up to, bai 1 tho-ighi yon must be wanting employment. Well, it teems you couldn't get any, and so 1 tho&,'bt 1 might help you. Hclpyou—bah ! Btill yoa must do something. Tnis paper of mine isn't worth—urn—well, never mind, but it isn't worth mucx" " Might 1 ask its circulation ?' " Circulation ! l'onng man, know that thit is an editor's secret. Never let any one know the circulation ot a piper, unless ll'» enormously large; always s«y it is the most wiielj-circuUtttl paper in the district, there for best medium for advertisements, etc " 1 see," said Andrew, amiling. •• Ah, urn, I'm glad you see. Well, now look here, 1 shall do you no good, and you'll da me no good, that's certain ; but there, do yon care to help in a starvation business like lav!" •■ les" replied Aa Ire-v. Badly at he wanted to dj something, it re •]uirul *n eiTj.-L In Him tv give this answer, rie ml alwijs thought ol an editor ai a gentlnnan, refined, thoughtful; while here was ihb little msa the very opposite of his conception. "Are you foml of reading 1" " Very." •• Novel* ?' " Good ones." " Can vua rea i French—German V "Yet." " Could jon translate a book from either of those languages I" "1 daresay." " Dm." Andrew looked at the little man, wonder ing what was coming next •' Do yon think yon could write a levies- of a book ?" '• A review—why t" " 1 have books—of a eon—nent me for rune*. I generally hive them slashed cp in style." •■ Do you review them jourselt f" asked Andrew, thinking ot the worth of his opinion. ' No, 1 don't, bat the feliow who'd doing that work leaves me next week—and good riddance, too. I conld make it htlf a crown a week more if yoj could take on that kind of thing." " I'm afraid I couldn't," said Andrew. " Afraid—why ?" ' Cm afraid my literary j-.idpmcnt is not snmdently matured. I—l ?" '•Literary judgment be hang all Yon know whether yon like a book or not. If you do, >ay so, aad ray it's the novel of the year ; and if yju don't, why, cay it's waste of time to read it. Use strong adjectives, aad pat them on thick. That's what people like in reviews." \- Indeed r " Tel, Nobody cares about reading the analysis of a book; they want strong opinions. Adjectives very thick." ■-1 should like it of all things, bat " " WeU, we'll see. Now there's something else. Voa want to write stories I' " Very much. I should like to write a real no re], one that's worth ' " Yon couldn't do it—yet. But if ever you do, you won't get it read. Books worth reading don't get a sale. The world of novel reader, lite dish, movement, excitement. 1 know that to read or to write them i« a waste of time ; bat that's what navel-readers want. Go to any of Smith* bookstalls and aik the clerks the kind of novel they can lei., and they'll cell you what I've just told you." '- Bat there's another class of readers thin rat'way novel- renders." " l'es, two"—and thtlettle man puckered his forehead us he continued, — ■• there's the so-called philosophical novel, which is xeally humbug,-and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, bat whu are as great humbugs as the books they read. Then there's a doss of novel almott unknown to you, but which has a larger s»le than most of the well-known literature." "Indeed I Whatf" •'The penny novelette. Stories for tha yonng. Books for boys, full of rerenge, murder, ghosts, and all that kind of thing. Ibey sell by tens of thousands." ••Indetd!" •■ Yes. Would you caie to tiy and wnte for these people—bah I But I'm sura you won't." " What will they pay f" -1 don't know. 11l take you to an «iitor if you like. I know you'll ba dis gusted, bah! of course yon will, but leant do any more for you." ' Indeed, Mr Pinna waa doing a great deal. Evidently he waa troubling; a gnat as to how he could help Andrew, and only real liking would hare caused him to do it \- You are Tery kind," said Andrew, •• very kind. I know I'm not fit for yerjr much, *od you are doing me real Btrvice.' "Humbug," said Sr Pinna gruffly. "• There, there, let1 s go and seeflne of theso editors. .Editors, bah!" As they left the offica of the Softo Xinu» they met a gaunt, badly-dressed man about fifty years of age, who greeted Mr Runs familiarly, but to whom that gentleman na vey dignified and very distant ' " Here are those baoks. I've reviewed them," said the man confidently. "Conld you settle up now ?" " Very well, Williams," said Mr Finns loftily; •' give them to one of the clerks." " I'm off next Wednesday." " very -well, Williams, it—it is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening." " I'd prefer the money now, if you don't «bject,>rKaid Williams; "acd, berides, joa koow there are those——" _ " Beally, Williams, said Mr Pmns, win ereat dignity, "I flan* attend to such little mattera now. I >»« business with this gentleman. 11l write jou a cheque when I've time." , "Acheque,ehf J»idWjlli|Kni! "why, whateTer-i—" " I hope you'll do well on Iho Wednesday Moon, Williams. I've done my best for you.' Good-day, Williamß, good-day.' . Andrew looked at Mr Finos in astonish ment Ho had becomo dignified all of a sudden. Tho little man seemed to swell with importance, too, and looked as though all tho neighbourhood telonged to him. _ " One is obliged to keep such fellows in their place," said Mr Pinns j and then, turning confidently to tho young man.ho said, " Williams has been our reviewer.' " tVhat," said Andrew, " is public opinin to be influenced by *uch as ho ?" Mr Pinna became silent, and thus im portant. • - From that time Mr Finns regarded Andrew as ene of the staff of the Soho Times and whilo he remained oh1 it the little man magnified his office. He ' never - spoke slightingly of literature j. he was never familial. Mr Pinns carried two seta of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free— this for his friends j tho other,'important and reserved—for his subjrdinatos. The two walked together along Fleet street, and, after awhile, turned np one of the narrow alleys, which led into a net work of others, and here Andrew was first introduced to a phaso of life of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of which he had not dreamed. -' CHAPTER .VI-! IIIK EOTTOU BUKO. " Both Goethe and Schiller wens pro foundly convinced that Art was no luxury of pleasure, no mere amusement to charm the idle, or relax the careworn; but a mighty influence, serious ia its aims, al though pleasurable ie iU means ; a sister of Religion, by whose aid the great world scheme was wroughtinto reality."—Lawns' Life qf Goethe. Andrew had thought Mr Finns' editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to tne fact that an oil stove, the only ineinj of warming the box, was in v bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious ill present. The man in the box turned round on Mr 1 ■"""' entrance,and greeted him familiarly. •■ Holloa, Finns, what have you got in my way ?" " I'erhaps not much, perhaps a grsat deal," replied Mr I'inns gravely. " Lit me introduce to you this young gentleman, ilr Andrew Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew, he said, '-Thiß isMrAdolphuj Vallum, the editor of a large number of serials for young people." . Mr Adolphus Vellum looked-far-more like a barman than an editor. He had a fiice tuat was large, red, and florid. lie wore a great deal of jewellery that did not :ojk of a very first-rate order. His shirt fiont was dirty, and his nails were in a very bad condition. Still Mr Adolphns appeared shroud,and evidently understood his business. lie Ktared it Andrew ; aa though he were not sure about his position. He had the appearance of a gentleman of means,'while hid being there in the company of Jlr Pinna suggested his connection with the lowet walks of literature, bo, before committing hi mself by either speaking in a friendly or iv an editorial- way, he asked Mr Pinns what he could do for Mr Fairfax. •• Thu young man has been unfortunate," said Mr Pinna. Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew bow to treat Andrew then. •• Ah, 1 s'pose so," he said. ■ " ■ > •• Don't .mistake me," said Mr Pinns while Andrew writhed. "He has been brought up as a rich man's son. The man »uom he believed to be bis near relatidfc died, and he has been thrown on the world." • Well, what for that ?" asked Mr Adol pliuß Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. -1 have taken him on my staff," said Mr Pinns with dignity, "and 1 have bi ought him to you, as 1 know he could be of service to you." •' That be blowed!" said Mr Vellum with p lite emphasis. -If bo's what you say he a, what use is ho to me ? 1 want no gioenhomi here." Uad Andrew been alone, he would have waked out and left Air Adolphtu Vellnm in possu&sion; of his box with all its dignity, but Mr Pinns g»ve him a look which dc ci.led him to remain. ■■Mr Fairfax has gnat literary taste, grjat literary ability. He is a scholar—a University man, in fact, and perfectly acquainted with French and German " as Mr I'inns gire this little speech, h-j looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though ha wcro doing Mr Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. \- And what can 1 do for Mr Fairfax ?" he said, with editorial dignity. ■• He wishes to enter the tield of litera ture as a profession," said Mr Pinns. '• He wishes to rival Thackeray, Dickens, and Dumas ; so I've brought bun to you." All this time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr Vellum turned to Andrew. •' Of courae you will understand," he said, " that the author is bom, and not made. If you wish to take a position in literature, it must be by steady persever ance. 1 myself," and he swelled with dignity, " have had to win my spun. 1 be,; in as a—a printer's devil, in tact, and now I'm—weU, Finns knows what 1 am," and he looked proudly around his box. "I have brought Jlr Fairfax to you Vellum," —and Mr Finns became some what brusque, that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity—" because I knew that yon—you would on my recommenda tion give what he might send to you—a—a —a—fair reading." •• Yes, oh yes," said Mr Vellum, with importance. " You must know," turning to Andrew again, •• that editors in such a Urge way as 1 am," and he looked com placently around his box, "can't waste time in reading the stuff of men unknown to literature. Asa rule we must have men of note. Why, think of the men who write for us! There's WilkinaandLewkins,and many more equally renowned. Of course 1 made their fortunes, but we are always honorable, and stick to old contributors, pur readers are on the look-out for. well known writers, so 1 can assure yon.that you are very fortunate in getting Vinns to recommend you. Otherwise, 1 couldn't think of granting you such an interview as this." Even to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. " I am sure it is very kind of you," said Andrew. '■ Might 1 ask what Jlr Wilkins and Mr Lewkins wrote?" " What! did you never hear of Wilkins, author of Tiu BattU with the Ghott, or of Lewkins, author of Thru Bpnng-bttUd Jtiekt t Why, man, where have you lived i" "Well, I've lived among text-books a good deal," said Andrew, ■' and so I am not conversant cjjt current literature." " I should think thaj yon must have lived out of the world,1" said Mr y.ellum. " Why, we've sold thousands of copies of The JJattU with the Ohost," "It's a striking title," said Andrew. " Might 1 ask what it's published at ?" "Wepublißh everything at a nniform price/ eaid Mr Vellmu. "Wecharge a Jenny for everything." Andrew said nothing, but he could not helpßmiling. ' ; "Might I ask. your rate of payment?" he said- ■ " Borne pays a uniform price for every thine" said Mr Adolphus VeUum, with Sty i "we doesn't" His grammar wan defective at times, and although 1 have »rt inserted them, his conversation was o:ten Banished with pecuhar epithets. •• There are<ib.W> "™* O"; I'* 3 pays sixpence a page, but tapping ins Ereait, 'falwajs recognia« abUitf M* ex pcriouce, and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpence a page, and we've gono as high as eightponce-hjp'ny." Of courso, that's very seldom; Dut we've done it." j " How many words in a pigo i" ' "Three hundred as near as a toucher." , "So if you accepted aDything from mo, you would begin by giving mo fourpence." j " That's it. Of course, to get on is tho great thing. Many authors is glad to write for nothing at first; but as I suy, we pay fourpenee. Then we can always com mand a sale, so we place a man before the public immediately. When we put our name on the titie-page of a book, the public known it's good." j Andrew did not daro to ask whal name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. j "Then," went on Mr Adolp'uus Vellum, I' we translates from the French. For that we also pay well." | " Might I ask how much P" I " Well, thore, it's a case of reckoning against genius. Of course, genius in rare, to for that mat .cr is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability; but not up to genius. As r said, for right down genius we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny apagu, but for high-class ability wo pays sixpence, .a page; so we also psys sixpence a pag* for translation!.". -,:.,-. ~. x»I-j?^ , "And if I write something for you, of what nature should it be ?" • \ " Plenty of action. Fighttn'and robbin' and midnight incetin's, and like that. J&ad; the polico newß a goodish bit; and loot here, yon can lake bflfit Borne thing* ka a sample, of what we publish," where upon Mr Adolpbus Vellum opened a cup-, board that wag placed on the side of the box, from which he took half-a-dozen penny books, the covers of which were embellished with picture* of a very startling nature. ; "Thisistho kind of thins we do," con tinued Mr Vellum," and it is the onlything as goes right well. Of course I can't pro mise to take what you write offhand, and, as f said, 1 shouldn't have looked at any thing but for such a recommendation as jPinna.' But if you cvi bring mo some thing slashing—well, we're good for four :pence a page, a page meaning throe hundred words as near as a toucher. Stay, :- hough; on Pinna recommendation I'll giyu you a French thiDg to translate. It's » juicy thing, and we'll p»y sixpence for thai if it's well done." " But suppose I woro to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, ho* much could 1 maker"' asked Andrew. " Well, that just depends upon the quietness of your working. Some men can and do write as many as twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eightpence, which mcmii a matter of two pound a week. Of course, when you can command the lop prios, the inooino is in—l3—princely." And Mr Vellum locked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked tike a member of a Hoard of Guardians, promising some poor out dcor-reliuf woman * matter of sixpence a week more on ac count of continued sickness. Andre.v left soon after, and went back to his den with a weary heart. Mr Finns ac companicd him a part of the way, and assured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt less, accept his stories if he would put juttitiient blood-curdling excitement into them. "Goodness knoffs I hare work enough at last," thought the young num. " What *itu collecting ne.vs tor Mr Pinna's paper, reviewing hi* books, and writing (or Mr Adjlphus Vellum, I bavo my hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. lie tat duvrn before bis smoky fire, and be^an to think. It was a dreary prospect that lay before him. He, educated as a gentleman, obliged to work for a man like Mr Adolphus" Vellum in order to get bread 1 Surely, surely he could dj something else! He thought of his experiences in trying to ge; work, and he could see not a particle »f nope in that quarter. Then his mind went back to the old life, and he thought of his old friends. . ....... " So, no," he said bitterly, letting his lecth, " 1 will rather starve than hare any-, ■hing to do with them. Beside*, t should go mad now to be dependent on any one tor my bread. l'U face the matter fairly. I'm a working farmer's son. 1 hare no aristocratic blosd in my veins. All my rh ocitora worked among the fields for a bare living. It waa by pure accident 1 got lifted into another sphere of life. 1 had no right to it; 1 never did anything for it. lama plubeian. Still, 1 have enough of my fore fathers' honesty and pride in me not to be dependent on, -or sponge on, any one.-. 1 have hands and brains, and 1 can work. It is no use for me to go hungering after the old lite, it can never be mine until I have earned it." .Again he set before but mind the em ployment be hadobtained. Gathering one column of news a week, for which he was io receive five shillings! An occasional re view of some cheap book by an unknown publisher, which might bring him half a orown extra. In addition to this there was •penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphus Vellum, lie had heard of the "penny dreadful" literature before, but he never knew what it meant until now, and the thought that he waa to engage in it was almost sickening. •• 111 see what this Frenoh thing is like," he said; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. It belonged to one of tho wont phases of French literature. It ni written to catch tho eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieve*, pickpocket* and blacklegs. It hid their Tileneu by a coat of bravado and physical courage, while for heroines, music-hall favourite*, and the liko, lost to purity, but still made attrac tive to evil minds, were chosen. It was ihe ditchwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads and girls who might read it. And yet it was the work of an educated man. It bore the stamp of culture. It revealed the writer's intimacy with the classics ; it pointed out on every page that he was a man of power. Andrew flung it from him. " No, no," he said, " I will never trans late such poison as this. I'll never disgrace my pen by tracing such things on paper. 11l starve first." > .-..■• And this was literature—this was the work he had adopted 1 " No," he cried," I won't do it I'll try lo get work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the colonies, and mere 111 get work as a farmer. I shall quickly pick it up, and be ablo to earn an honest living that way." lie sat down at the little table, and began to write— " Deak Mb PiKis,— •* 1 have decided, after all, not to accept the pott jon kindly offer me as a member of jour siaS " ■ He wrote io far, and stopped. The words refuted to come freely, and he bit hit pen holder fiercely. He forced himself to write again, however. '• I have come to the conclusion that I am not suite.! lor a literary life, and bo have abandoned the idea ol becoming " Again he stopped, ani looked around the room. He thought some one wai there speaking to him ; but It was quite empty, and he tried to write again, la v»in, how ever. It seemed as though word* were ringing in Ms can, telling him hit duty. "I can't do it," he feiid, as ii in answer, while the response to him wan, " You must be an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is »t your peril that you fail in your work." Ho threw down bii pen, and again tho picture of an Meal literary career apptsud to him Then, again, it wai an inspired life, expressing the highest and best bop* if the people. For a time hi* eye» were opened and do taw that an ideal writer ihoald fight fur tiuth and righteousness, even an Gideon fought for the Lord lung ages ago. He saw him rtvealing to the world the gapiog torci of the time, aud ofleriog balmi by which they could be cured fit taw him as a pruphet, telling how, through parity and lore, a brighter ace •hould dawn, and a higher lilebonalized. For a timj he was lost to his surroundings. Ho was no longer conniouj of tho shabby room in which hu wrote. He forgot his in tcrview with the editor of the "pennr dreadful" littra'.ure. He seemed to hear fa: voices crying for help. Ho fancied he s»w ea^r f*cei with great longings cxpro.sed oa them, but they did not seem to know what theso longincs wore. Ho saw life downtrodden and wo»ry ; ho saw men into whoso eyes tho gleam of true hope had never amo. But above all came tho foeling that ho must explain thoir hopes, that he must tell the g'ai new. whereby they might know the meaning of Ufa I hare but dimly and poorly portiaycd this pail of my friend's life. He never carod to lalk very much about it. It teemed too wcred, he said.. To him it came a* a vision from God, and he dared not disobey. ;■ "I'll stay in London," ho said at length ; " at any rate I'll stay until T feel 1 ought to U«vo.- 1 feel that-11 havo another lifo than jnt«e»t. I mart do my dnty." r He throw tui Is the filthy French novel. '" I cannot translate it," he laid ; " but I'll writs ttorics for boys that shall he worthy their reading. I'll m»Vc them inter citing ami exciting; but I'll make them true, and manly, too. I'll not preach, but 111 try aad Iced them- to love purity, truth, haJ noblenesx." After that his mind became settle!. He lhaJ«Uorh« hud began writing to Mr Pinna, and started to work out a plot ol v story for which Mr Adolphun Vellum, editor of tho "penny dreadful" series, had nttreed to pay him lbs magnificent sum of rourpencea page.  CHAPTER VII. ANDliw'l CALL. . •' Get theo out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show th°ot and 1 will bless thee, aridthon -shaltbe a bless ing."—The Book of Genesis. . "To every man comes a vision of him n/lf, his real self, his passible self—himself as God would have him be; and it is for him to translate that vision into actual life"—Selected. I will not linger long over this part of my f rtend's career. Aa I said at the closo of the last chapter, he finally adopted a litviary life, because he felt he must. N'ece&rity; was laid upon him, and he could not resist tho command. And yet he had no great message to give to the world; his thoughts refused to be shaped, his pen dragged heavily. Grimly and wearily he did his work for the newspaper. Distaste ful aa it was, he perseveringly hunted up i'emß of nowß for which week by week he received five ahilUngs. He enjoyed the re viewing work a great deal more, but even this was not in accordance with his tastes. Most of the books submitted to him wero inferior stuff, and so he never felt inclined to upend much timo over them.' With regard to his story writing, ho was not very successful. Mr Adolphus Vellum informed him that he wasted his talents by not starting on right lines. " TVhat I wants," he B*id vigorously, "is not sermons, hue stories. What cares 1 about morals! They don't sell a book. What sells a book is plot, intrigue, mys iery, murder!" " But,'" said Andrew," I want my stories to be of a good, healthy nature." " Healthy nature be blowed !" said Mr Vellum. •■ Now this story," referring to one Andrew had bubmitted, " would be a right down good one but for your con founded morality. You've got excitement md plot That's right; but I don't want p-opl-- to bo made uncomfortable I don't nut for the lads to be told that if s better to tell the troth than to be able to use tn ir fiats. I'll use this one, and 111 give fourpence a page as I said, because a little cliangft won tdo sny harm; but let's have none of it in the future." Bnt Andrew stuck to his principles. Ho wrote stories fur the " penny dreadful" vnai, taking care, however, not to be un faithful to what he conceived to be his duty. Meanwhile he tried to got stories accepted by respectable magazines —in v*in. He wrote on every conceivable sub ject, and sent his articles to the editors «rith a hopeful heart, but was generally disappointed. Still, ho managed to live. His expenses A.>rennt large, and although fourpence a vxga whs mwraMe pay, ho managed to keep his head above water. In fact, he was so fur successful that he was able to put a K«od part of the monry he had brought fiom hU old home into the savings bank. In addition to his regular work, he spent m my hoars oh a novel, hoping thereby to lift himself by one great effort out of the ■nuwrablo groove in which he found him ulf. He started it just before Christmas, vid by continuous labour he managed to finish it by the following June. It was cer tainly an ambitious work, longer than the orthodox thrre-volume novei. He dealt with high life, entering into tho pleasures, KjaknegK, and habiti of the people who live in Park Lane and Grosvenor Square. Carefully he wrote it, carefully he re vised it, and as carefully did he wrap it up md take it to a good firm of publishers. In » week he received his answer, it was brief and very concise: " Messrs Guardian A Co. beg to thank Mr Andrew Fairfax for 'lie offer of his story,' A Komance of High I.fe,' but repret that they are unable to use ii. Messrs G. 4 Co. therefore beg tore turn the MS herewith." Thus ran the letter, and as Andrew read it he felt a terrible weight on his chest. The novel had cost him weary months of hard labour. Surely, surely so much work could not be in vain ! Failure dogged his heels And yel he felt that this was his wirk, and that to it he was called to give hi < life as surely as St. l'aul was called to preach Christ. What meant thu non suocess then P It is truo he did not feel satisfied with his work; but what writer does ? He knew ho had not given utter anct) to those longings which were curginf! within him; but then, somehow, he could not put them into words. What was he to do? Be came out of his dingy den and went towards the river. The day was fine, the sun was shining brightly, lie saw one of the river beats drawing up to the Temple Her. Without thinking, be bought a ticket and got on the boat. The little stoamar ploughed its way up the river in Bight of great and historic buildings, but Andrew heeded them not. Lambeth Palace, the Houses of Parliament, We* minster Abbey, and Millbank Prison were all alike to him. The sights he b»w were far away, the objec s that flitted before hit mind were not tangible or real. The people on the boat watched him, so absorbed did he seem, but he knew nothing of it. He had forgotten his surroundings, forgrtten the muddy river, whose waters, spilt) cf the mud, flashed in the sunlight; forgotten London, in fact. He >v living with people far away. He saw hands beckoning him but he knew not what they meant; he heard voices calling him, but knev not from whence they came. Was he asleep r If so, he was anleep with open eyes; yet surely be had again seen a vision, almost the same that flashed before hu mind when be had determined to give up the id« of a literary carter. lie ni aroused at length, howevjr, by the creaking of the boat, and crici of " I'imlico Pier," and then, careless o! what he did, he landed. He wandered »wajr among the monotonous streets of Hmlico, a part of London in which perhajß it U more easy to get lost than any other, be cause the houses and ■treetii are netrly all alike —until he found hinuelf in KaJeston Square. Arrived here, he atoppel for a second, and leaned against the railings which protect the gardens. A carriage stopped at one of the houses, clow) to where Andrew stood, md he watched closely. From it alighad two poreoni, an elderly and a young Udy. It waa the latter who riretted Aldrew'i gaze. He did not tee her scarcely i second, for ahe fMaed quickly into the ((to* liou?e. Ue could sot de«eri>>e ajparticiiUrfcatuie Of her face, or detail of her pcrnn; ami /«t he knit that h« ihonld neogaitt to if he over saw her *gai«. The door of tho house doted, the carriage was driven away to the stables, while Andrew walked to wards Victoria Station. " Liverpool Street I>ub," shouted a man i "all tho way for tuppence," and Andrew climbed to tho top while tho horses began their journey. Perhaps there is no way of seeing a large part of London so well as by riding on the top of a bus from Victoria to Liver pool Street. You pass tho principal build ings of the City, you go through the most crowded thoroughfares; yon go right through the heart of the world. Andrew felt thin as the conveyance rumbled on. No longer was he drowning as fee had been while on the river; no lougar was he insensible to all but to the far-away voices and beckoning hands whk-h had been »o real to him. Ho watched every movement of the people, he felt every pulse of the gr«at city. He noted the stately hotels and lofty chambers of Vic toria Street; he realised the grandeur of the old Abbey and the trwers of the great legislative houses; he felt tho movement of the mighty commerce of Whitehall, and the imposing appear»nc« of Trafalgar Sqnw). He saw, too. tho nißhing life, tue orowdedstreeU, the strenunof conveyances, the great river of human life that never CCMed to flow. It was real to him, terribly real. Wtiat was AndrewTillrfax, what was any man in such a place as London ? Men seemed to lose I heir personality there, and to become merely units—drops in the great river that went sweeping on. And yet he knew there were governing minds; ho knew as ho passed the crowds in the streets that although all seemed alike, all were not alike. Still it was mystery, mys tery. On he swept through the Strand, oq to the Law Courts, down Fleet Street, until he carao to Ludgato Hill, and still it was the same bemenucua roar, the same rush for existence. Then the mighty dome of SL Paul's appeared to him, and he saw the golden cross which surmounted it lifted high in the heavens. It was an emblem of salvation, and yet few appeared to realise it. Everything wm great, imposing here. The broad flight of Bteps, the great doors, the stately carviDga, the lofty towers, all impressed him with the majosty 'of the mind that conceived it all This was Chiistophcr Wren's message to his age, and he had given it grandly. True, the stone' walls might crumble away, and in time thu building would fall, but the idea of the great cathedral would live on. \ ' Into Cheapside went the bus, and still the same crowd. On to the great civic buildings, the Exchange, the Bank, and still Andrew watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for the first time he was glad that he no longer lived in tho luxury of a rich man's house. At last he realised that he had been led to think, and to see what ho had never seen before. As the friend of the wealthy, he would, per h»i>B, never have taken tho trouble to think; now he felt he must—his environ ments had altered his life. lie did not remain at Liverpool Street Station; indued, without scarcely waiting a second, he walked back towards his lodninps. When nearly arrived there, he rvaliitd that he was hungry, and that many hours had passed since he had par taken of food. So he went into a little coffee-house, where he partook of a cheap meal, after which he went back to his den, and sat for a long time almost as still as a statue. He looked at his watch. He had not been obliged to part with it yit, and he was glad, for it had been given to him by the only father he bad ever known. It was half-past eight o'clock, but it was a summer evening, and quite light Putting on his hat again, he found his way to the little hotel at which he had stayed when he first lef c his old home. Was Mr linns at home ? ' Yes. Mr f inns was in the coffee-room aloue. i Andrew found his way there; he had not seen the room since he ceased to become an inmate of the hotel. Whenever he had teen the little editor, it had been in the dingy office, who while there had magnified hii position, and had treated Andrew as ono of the fctaff, although there had been oil times an evident desire to break down his editorial reserve andt t become familiar " Ah, Fairfax," he said, as Andrew en tered, "nothing wrong, is there —hum/" " 1 don't know," replied Andrew; " but I must talk to some one, and I have come to you." " What do you want ?" '• Advice." Ezra Finns gave expression to one of his peculiar chuckles, and his editorial dignity broke down. * ■■ Advice, eh i" he said. " Who listens to advice P Nobody, You will follow your own ways whatever advice I may give." "I want to write," '. said Andrew; "I cannot wiste my time as I have been doing, and yet I don't know which way to turn." •■ Why, aren't you writing now f" '• Not as I wish. I simply scribble—l dou't write. I say nothing worth saying." •• Well, whose fault U that ?" "My own, I isuppose. Perhaps I have nothing to say, and yet I feel so much." •' Well, say your feelings." " 1 can't. They will not form themselves into words. I think I want a cause to ad vocate ; I want to voice some great need." -Why don't you? There are needs enough, God knows." "What are they?" Kzra Pinna jumped to his feet, and straddled up to Andrew. " You an author, and talk like that ? Stick to jour reporting, my lad; don't touch sacred things wiiu unclean hands!" •■ You mistake me," said Andrew. " There in.- so niaoy things that want doing that I can't think enough about one. Everything is so big that I fail to grasp." Ezra Pinna looked at him steadily, and sil- ntly measured his man. Certainly there wxsnothing small, nothing weak about him. Iluth body and head were perfectly shaped, and fully developed. Besides, there was nervous springiness of action, which indi cated a wondrous vitality. " What have you been doing lately F" he asked at length. \- Besides what you have known about, I have written a novel." " Ah, taken it to a publisher I" ■• ~ " Several." •Welir " Refused in every caso " •'Justso—ve-ry likely. "What was the subject?" "I wrote about that of which I knew something." "Whatr " West End life.' 1 " But what phase of it!" "Their life generally. Their politics, customs, intrigues, and " " And of coarse the earl married the vir tuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbish. Look here—did you express tin: deepest feelings of your heart in Hating it 1" " No," replied the young man, hanging hiu head. "•How then could you expect it to bo iccepted. Young fellow, I know very liitle of W eat End life, but the people there have thuir feelings, their unutterable longinus tor higher things than those which engross them. Did you try and express that deeper life I" Andrew shook his head. " No wonder you failed, then. lon write a society novel! It's not in you. You would feel it waste of time to try and do sciibe what takes in a society novel, and I don't think you are able as yet to take in hand the mure serious work. Betides, pub lisher* an sick of novel? in high life. They have b«en st-aming in by tbe thousand. Etery conceited fop and sickly girl think of writing a story of high life, who all in dulge in the same foolish absurdities." " Bat I mast writ* about something that 1 am acquainted with 1" " Yes, and you must bo in sympathy uith your subject. Your characters mosjt r uMCM you. They must live in you, aal you in them —their woes yours, their de siros yours, their want* yours." Ezra Finns spoke with an earnestness that almost amounted to passion, and Andrew was astonuhod at his intense foeling. " l-üblishors are tired of hackneyed themes," went on Mr I'inns, " simply be cause the people are tired. Not that some theraos cm be hackaoyed—still, even thjy wjnt nev settings. The struggles of the huniin heart—and, God knows, the human heart is a curious affair —are ever of interest, but different phases of life require different interpretation. Have you thought of any other sides of London life betide that which you have—have—attempted to doal with—bah—in your—your —bah— novel?' 1 " I've tried to think, but 1 cannot. Lon don is too bii for me. This afternoon I rode from Victoria to Liverpool Streak The life simply stunned me. 1 ould understand nothing. So much seemed to want saying, but I did not know what to say. I know that there is a great message to tell out about tho commercial life—in deed, the wholo of this great city life—but I felt it was not for me '■" \- Not yet, perhaps, bat-well, is th»tall?" " No, it's not all. Some time ago 1 went don-u to the East End. I spent a day there I -ume home feeliag sick. It ariuhednio; I .«a«_ miserable for d»yd, l>ut X felt I could say notfiinV'ir ira'great cesspool, but I could not tell how to dean it" " But you wanted to f" " Wanted to ? I—l longed to be able to interpret their hearts' yearnings, and to tell how the day might dawn; but 1 was in the dark—all in the dark." " And do you think, you foal, that you could see enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a year to know their needs I 1 The prophet who is to redeem tho East End must live among them, be as they are, share their burdens, live under their con ditions, sue them in every phase of their life. I may be wrong, but 1 think their prophet will have to come oat of the East End. Their own product, and yet pure, in spite of everything. No doubt, Itesunt made a sensation with his All Sorts and Cunditwni of Men; no doubt he is a cloao •bserver, and pouosses geniua. Hut ho only touched the fringe of hi« subject Tnero is misery which he never even hinted at, heroism of which he didn't seem to dreim, pathos too deep for language, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a world by itself. 1 don't say to yon, never tacklo the E tst End; but you want a lot of preparation before you must dare to do it" " I feel it; but what would you have me dor' " Do you still feel that you miui write? Jluht ! mark you!" ,'• Yes," said Andrew, " I mutt Evtry day I seem to hear some one telling me to wnte something real. I ask what, and the only reply I get is, find out 1 have tried to give up the idea of becoming an author. 1 have thought of emigrating, of going to sea, of becoming a soldier. I have no doubt I could soon pass the examination necessary for a commission either in the army or navy. But I couldn't do it And so, though I have hatel it, 1 have written foryourpaper, and written for that "penny dreadful" serieß, always trying, however, to get something better. All the time I've been unsuccessful, and yet 1 feel I must go on." Ez» Pinna gave a grunt of satisfaction. " Leavo London ?'* he said. '• Leave London! Where would you havo me go?" " Your father was a farmer, wasn't he!" "Yes." " Have you never had any desire to go to the old home I Eh! Look here. Who keep the towns alive! The village (people —the country .people. But for them the towns would die out The excesses of the towns would eat out the vitality. The constant stream from the country keeps us alive. They feed us, they bring to us the strength of natural life. And yet the country is neglected!" Andrew gave a leap from the chair, his eyes flashing. •' I know! I've seen!" he cried. ' What do you mean!" " I've gut what 1 want at hut It's all clear sow." " What will you do!" said Mr. Finns eagerly ■• I'll go down to my old home; I'll try and get work on my father's old farm; I'll live among the country people, share their toil, enter into their lite, and then —God helping me, I'll tell their story!" Ezra Finns jumped to his feet, and a look of glapdness came into his eyes. " Kight, right," he slid, " and if you are not a fool after all, you will be a novelist, and by a novelist I mean—and, mark you, I. would have all others driven from the field of notion—by a novelist I mean a poet, a preacher, a leader of the people, a prophet, a man inspired of God!" Andrew thought of the distant voices which he had heard, of the hands held up as if appealing for help, and the faces which expressed unutterable longing, and heart fluttered strangely. " Fairfax," continued the little man, and there was tenderness in his voice, " I knew what you wanted to do, and what you ought to do a long time ago. At least, 1 thought t did. It struck me the first time 1 ever spoke to you, and so I have—acted —as—as I have. 1 tried to lead you to despise literature—and, mark you, a lot of literature should be despised. It is mere —well, never mind. I could have done differently for you, but I wanted to—to sea of what staff yon were made. 1 knew that if you 'could stand the work to which I introduced you, you must really love writing; if you didn't, well, it didn't matter. Besides, 1 knew you sadly wanted practical knowledge-^ knowledge which the last line months have given you. Tou ate ready to go out into the country to learn; but it must be a long time before you write. •• Yea, yel, I know," said Andrew. " How will you live in the country ?" " By working." " With your head or body?" "UothJ' Mr Finns gave a grunt of satisfaction. •• When do you go F" he asked. •• To-morrow/ ■,:•■'- , (To It conliniwA) 