•HOSPITAL SUNDAY. b On Sunday the'annual appeal wafc made o the <priblic on behilf of the local ospital and Benevolent Asylum, and a arjje cr.)w<i <if [lebfile hasferiiblod oti ths " Hospital grounds. The tfealher wta anyhing "bilt -favorable * to ah iiut-ao.ftelebiatiun, the thermcinieter'rejriaterins; 0° in the ishade, and the heat inside tile arquee was alihost unbearable. There were however about-1409-people present, being ab&ut; 100 less than last year. The Ma'ldftn BBISB Band marched to . the grounds, and renderecl "tlie followini: selections under the baton d! Bandmaster n : - vr.ijth 1 • Kiii-iilh'i. in CadlD authenr, " Wliat -wondrous ltive;" fantasia «• Christian Soldier ;" march. " Cross of Jeiius ;" march, "The Life Boat;" selection, "The Gospel Trinhpetantaear, Rejoice, O Israel." The Hospital was inspected by a large number d'F'tlie visitors and fubgd .'everything, as usfaal, in the well-appointed institutioh was scrupulously clean, and the condi^ion df the wards and building generkHy reflected £ron,t credit on the dispenser and matron {Mr. aiid Mrs. Chapman.) , The service was conducted by the Rev R. W. CMoke, who gave ail appropiate addiess, a digest of which is given bslovv. The riiusical portion of tie BerVic^ was 'tendered by an efficient choir undef the able leadership of Mr. f. MoHard. Mrs. Collins preSfideS it the-organ, and Messrs Cousin's (tenor), Schniedes (cornet), Hopkins'{clarionet), Baird (baritdne), and Smith (bass), rendered great assistance to the choir. MisS B. Milliard and Messri. M'Arthur pleader), Caldwell, Jones, and Dennis accompanied the singing oi violins. The follofriftg hyftln"s were 6Ung —"Rejoice in the Lord," "Peace be Still," " OAwird Christian Soldiers, Friend in Jesus," " I am Redeertled,' and " At Even, when the sun was set." After the benediction an anthen), taken from the 18th chapter of St. Liike': Gospel, " A certain blind man sat by the wayside beggjng," &c.;, wai effectively given by the choir. The Rev. R. W. Cooke, M.A. (incurt\»eut of Holy Trinity Church), officiated at the service, and chose fot hie text Isaiah 53th chapter, 6th, 7th, and'Sth verses^—"'Is riot this the fast I have chosen ? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdeus, and to let the opposed go free, and that ye break every yoke ?. Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast oiit to thy house? When thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh ? Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forthspeSdlly and thy righteousness shall go before thee ; the glory of the Lord shall be thy reward. The rev geutleman said:—All are well acquainted with what alms giving means, It is the giving away of our goods, substance, and more especially of our money iu acts of pity, mercy, and benevolence to the suffering. Thus the esseuse of alms giving is the Bpirit of- mercy or pity. Let us briefly examine, thi9 afternoon, into the princip'e Underlying this good woik, and the position which it holds, or ought to hold, in the religious life of mankind. Well almseiving may, in the first place, be described as a natural priuciple. it would seem to be a law of our common humanity to desire to give to others, aud to satisfy another's need out of our own ohnndance—to be kind, com passionate, and helpful. Atiiougst civilized nations at any rate every man whose better feelings have not been crushed out of him by "that other natural feeling of selfishness is conscious of this desire to miui ter to the wants cf others. This is shown by the ah horrence with which tlie miser lia9 always been regarded aniongst both aiicient aud modern nations. Benevolence being thus an instinct of mankind, when not frustrated by selfishness, it was to be expected that He who had impUuted this feeling iu the human soul would give-it a high place in the Revelations He' made of Himself in the world, first through his propliets, and afterwards by the mouth of His owu Son. The Old Testament is full of precept and example as to the need, duty, and blessing of distributing to tlie necessity of .others. Our text niay be taken as a sample, for loc5k at that most merciful command as to tlie sheaf left behind in the field, and the fruit left behind on the olive tree, both of which were to be regarded as the portion of 41 the stranger, tlie fatherless, 'and the widow. Do we not see here tEe working of His mind whose mercy is over all His works. Nay, the Great Jehovah goes ex-en further. He stauds,. as it were, behind His own children and backs up their appeal for pity and help. He makes the offering of our alms and substance a deed of Charity done to Himself; '* Be that hath pity on the poor," He s«ys; " lendeth to the" Lord. Could any here this afternoon refuse such request from the Almighty Lord of Heaven aud Earth ! Sutely none, and remember too the promise, "Then th'e Lord thy Got shall bless thfee in all the works of thy I ands." It was not nece • iry for Christ fthen He came on earth to -give a new precept as to alms-giving. He only purified the practice of it. The Christiau is taught to give his alms Without ostentation or outward show : simply regarding the act as a reli gious duty and part of bid worship. He must not look to see his name on' the sub scription list, or wait until his gift is extorted frrim him. And when he at length contributes bis " mite" he is bidden to remember that the poor widow's mite was " all her living." We have now regarded alms-giving as a natural law enforced by Revelation and guided in its application by Christian teaohinig. It only now remains to treat of it as an economic principle and a corrector of sin. As to the first,- almsgiving seems to follow as a necessity from the mo'de in which God governs the world distributing unequally the possession ol worldly goods here below. Some are rich some poor ; and such will always be the case. " The poor sTiall never cease out of the land." Some - again have power, others none. Some much influence,' and others Iltlly i» little. of -tbroo Thua the priesthood priesthood! of the of influence,-poVrer, and wealth. With these they must sacrifice and minister before God. For what right has a man to take the gifts Whieh God his laid up in store in hTs person, in order that he may dispense them out again to others, and spend them for his own purposes only ? If he does so, s'urely he' .is a false priest, a'u unfaithful steward. He is diverting to himself aloue what is meaut for the general good of all. We are certainly allowed to make a suitable' provision for our own needs aiid n'eccessities, and even' for our own Moderate enjovments". Bat if we forget our duties to God's'Church and pooi- With th!e remainder we . come under the Saviour's" malediction', ™ Woe unto' jtou that are rich, for ye have received' you'r cohsolation'." But don't let us wh'o' are poor thinly We <Skn' Jay the Whole responsibility upon the broaH shoulders of the rich. No. Every man who has a means of livelihood, hqwever small, is" equally responsible to'liis M'aker.' Even thte poorest should try to minister hi some way for the general good of mankind.- Kor should any do' this grudgingly'.' But rather should we' regard this sc^jwrf of the poor .as pa.rt of, the managertishi of the world which God' h^a purposaiy ft ft defective in", order, that' .He might throw upon' ui the duty of assisting them, and so giW% up the privilege of working together with Him " Who giveth all:" So'much for the good you may do for others. Now, in conclusion for tlie* benefit of yourstelf. Aims-giving more thair t»bythibg elite will correct tfrat. most sinful tendency of man's heart, the " love' of money," which is the " root of all evil." DO we not all know how hard it is to overcome that" ritalfish' feeliiig, that love of havinc and beeping, that loVe of holding back from others their jhst dues that we may have the more to spend on ogPbwn indulgencies * How many a part sm can we inee hack to to 11 • We may fed its *Seots in our own a o i c g C earfe'ribw. Selfishness was'Without doubt the worst Beed in Adam's apple. It is the bottom of "nearly every sin. Certainly of those sins (if the flesh, of sensuality, •which.are the crying sbarne of the commooity at the presefat time. Luxury, ease, irnrt gooA living, .these make the heart gross and forgetful of God's claitiis ou us. Alms- ^iving is tlke4>£st corrective of all this. It relieves us of our superfluous wealth, anil it prevents u's from giving our hearts to that which we ihay.lie called on to part,."with on the morrow. 'It makes us think. of ethers, and so to dei^r ourselves. It enlarged our sympathies. It wjdens our sphere of .usefulness. It make's us in fact. like Go3. Yes, God— the Great Father—Christ Jesus, the Great. Healer, the .Holy Ghost, the Blesfeed Comforter—these have nothing •niggardly in their gifts to mankind " God ; giveth.to all inen liberally," and you giving after the "same fssh'ioU will ^both benefit yourself and find favour with Him. The collection compares favorably with rfbrmer J ears, the sum of £30 3s. 9d. beftg.taken at the giteS. Last year there were 904 coins given, ^amouhtiqs .to £20 10s. 10W. ; this year there wete 952 coins, amounting to £30 3s. 9d.., showing an increase of 48 coiiiS and l'2s. lOid: in cash. There is, however, a spppleihentaiy liit ip the hands of Mr. Page, aiid £5 has already been collected, so that the total amount will elcCeed that of last year. .The denomination's of the coins were as follow :-- . , . . 1892. 1893. ... 1 cTiequefor £1 Is.. 1 cheque for £1 Is. " 1 half-sovereign "~"T"ba1f-sovereigu 34 fialf-crowns i S2half-erbwns 33 florins . 36 florins {S-Jsinllings 27'i sixpences 355 thteepennies 24-pepnieS 3 half-pennies . 214 shillings 276 sixpences ^63 threepennies 3'2 pennies 8 half-pennies £29 10s. lOiri. £30 3s. 9d. 