"The Unknown God." To the Editoh. — Sir,— -Does it not strike Mr. Gill that a crowded church is better then " a beggarly row of empty benches " 'I When tho organ peals out its glorious' tones and the highly trained voices of the choir pour forth the grand strains of tho To Deuin — is this not worship ? How the souls of tho audience are drawn upward in adoration as they listen to the olear baritone ringing out the words of the Savour, " Consider tbo Lilies of the Field." ThebeU-like notes of tho duot, " I waited for the Lord," seem to carry the hearers to tho very gates of heaven. Then the great s writing chorus of sweet voices bursts upon tho enraptured ear like celestial musia. The soul is thrilled with thanks giving and praise. Ib not this worship ? I deny that our ministers advertise for the mere purpose of taking up a collec tion. That they havo no other object in view iu filling their cliureh. I would say to Mr. Gill, "Judge not, that ye bo not judged," have more charity. But even if the primary object were to draw the nimble shilling, . 1 would ask, is it not well spent iu spreading tho gospel, freeing our rimrolies from debt, reliev ing the poor and distressed, supporting our hospitals, aud providing for our ministers and their families ? Such a service of song and praise will not muddle a man's brain or give him a sick headache in the morning. The young man who enters a ohuroh, even if ho only comes to hoar the staging, is better there than at the street comer and ogling every woman that posses, while ho listens to or relates evil stories to his comrades, . Surely Mr. Gill can never have been to any of the church services which he so grossly misrepresents. He may have gone to the concert halls, the Sunduy theatre entertainments, or tho freet bought lectures; and con, demning thoso, bo jumps to the con clusion that the church services are of a similar oharaetor. From last Saturday's advertisements I seleot a few of the sub jects chosen by ministers, for the follow ing Sunday sorvice ; which will prove the falsity of Air. Gill's statements that Christ is not preaohed : " Have yo Received the Holy Ghost," "The Refuge from the Storm, or What Must I do to be Saved," "Balm in Gileud," "Tho Joy of Salvation," " The Saorifico of the Transfiguration." In conclusion, Mr. Editor, I for ono would say away with a religion of austerity, gloom, and despair which encourages cant and hypocrisy. Fill our churches with glorious music, let all bo bright and beautiful. And those who only come to hear the music might receive a blessing and strive to reaoh that hoaven where all in sweetest music, praise, adoration, and glory beyond what has entered into the heart of mun to conceive.— -Yours, &c;„ Ar.FitiiD Buixxik Bell. 