HAMLET. WALTER BENTLEY IN SHAKES PEARE'S MASTERPIECE. THE LEGITIMATE SEASON. Since Mr Henry Irving set the stage free from that traditional rendering of “Hamlet” which had gradually become a caricature of nature, and a nightmare to the sensible playgoer, many leading actors of the new school have taken courage, followed his ex ample, and made an independent study of the character for themselves. The traditions of the stage have neither been ruthlessly abandoned nor slavishly obeyed. They have merely been taken for what reason showed them to be worth, and as no ordinary cir cumstances could be relied, upon to give the student any notion of the way in which a man would act who was subjected to the in fluences which dominate Hamlet, the actor has in every case been forced to ask guidance of nature and of humanity. Mr Bentley has evidently committed himself to these teachers, and the result is that he presents to the spectator a Hamlet who com mands sympathy and respect, who is intensely human, and who is moreover entirely intelligible from beginning to end, a thing which certainly could not always be predicated of the character as shown by many of his talented predecessors. To begin with, Mr Bentley’s Hamlet is decidedly not mad, not even when grief, disgust, and despair are quickened by supernatural interference into a ragmg desire for revenge, tempered only by a doubt that the ghost may have been but a delusive spirit. The first act shows him a prey to his sorrow for his father, his scorn of his uncle, and his sense of degradation in his mother’s hasty re-marriage. And these phases of the character Mr Bentley indicates naturally and easily,without exaggeration or noise. The interview with Horatio, which precedes the scene with the ghost, is oalm and reasonable, and the solemn appearance of the spirit is welcomed with a burst of filial affection and awe which is exceedingly impressive and appropriate. Similar mode ration is shown in the adjurations with which the ghost’s story is broken, and the indications of a fixed resolution show them selves first in the admonition with which he precedes the oath of silence. In the words— " As I, perchance, hereafter Bhall think meet To put aa antic disposition on,* the key-note of the conception of all the following action is struck. The resnlt is entirely satisfactory. The Hamlet is not mad, but maddened—a very different thing. He loves Ophelia tenderly even when he resigns her, and bis love masters his disgust at her supposed deceit. Consrquently this scene, with its suppressed tenderness, its bursts of indignation and fury, and its affect ing farewell, went with wonderful success, and held the audience spell-bound. Vary fine, too, was the scorn and contempt with which the treachery of Kosencrnntz and Guildenstern were treated, and admirably courteous, friendly, and dignified the scenes with the players and with Horatio. But the tragedy culminates in the play scene, and the following scene in the Queen’s chamber, and here, indeed, Mr Bentley rises to the.t occasion grandly. He retains the famous business with the handkerchief, and the rush after the retreating king, of which the late Mr Maoready used to make so great a feature, the “pas de Mouehoxr ” as Forrest satiric ally called it. On the other hand, in the Queen’s chamber, he adopts the reading of Mr Irving, who discards ell forms of the portraits of the two Kingß, and con tents himself with contrasting their des criptions. Thus Mr Bentley oombines one of the best pointß sanctified by tradition with one of the strongest of the new read ings. In eneh he is admirable. The mut tered words of the play, rising to a crescendo, as he half unconsciously creeps nearer to the king have a magnificent effect, and the burst of joy with which t'>e scene finishes takes the house by atorm. In the scene with the Queen the tenderness of the love Hamlet bears his mother was beautifully indicated; and here a pause may be made to do justice to the admirable manner in which he w»s seconded by Miss Gladys Leigh, . the Gertrude of the evening. The dignity, ‘ grace, and feeling with which this handanme and majestio lady bore her portion of the Beene would have done credit to any stage in the world. The settled grief that weighs upon Hamlst after his doubts are resolved, and the short space that intervenes between his return from England Bnd his death give the artist comparatively small room for display in the fifth act. Yet the scene with the grave-diggers was easy and natural, that with Laertes impassioned and impressive, and the death infinitely pathetic. On the whole, the performance is that of a scholar whose Btudy has been admirably directed, and of an artist able to give the fullest weight to a most poetical, refined, and pathetic conception. Wherever Mr Bentley goes his Hamlet will be recognised os a masterpiece of dramatic art, worthy of the national poet and of the national stage. Small space can be spared to say how good were many of his companions. Beat of all assuredly was the Queen, but close up may be placed the Laertes of Mr Albert Lucas, which Was w'ell spoken and well sated, though a little deficient in courtly bearing. Mr Cris as Horatio waß very good; natural and manly, and not obtrusive. Mr Donglaß was unex pectedly satisfactory as the King, a part not usually thought to be in his line. Mr Mnrschel was sufficiently dignified and solemn as the Ghost, and Bpoke his lines with due elocutionary power. Mr Lachlan M'Gowan’s Pnlonius was also good. Mr T. E. Foster, in the very Bmall part of the second grave digger, gave significance and force to his soene, and Messrs Wakefield, Stoneham, South, Hazel, and Breretnn filled , their several parts satis factorily. The Ophelia of Miss Lilia Wilde found fcvor with the audience, who recalled her enthusiastically after the mad scene, and gave her some pretty bouquets, while Miss Hamilton did her best with Osric, a part that should be always played by a man, Kyrle Bellew used to play it with Mr Irving. This evening “ The Lady of Lyons ” will he produced for ona night only, with Mr Bentley as Claude Melnotte, 