A MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. Ey S. COTas?V? \----6 CIIAPTER I. Great heavens, boys I I just saw a dead angel !" "A what.?" came the enquiry, in a chorus, from a dozen bronzc-faced and iuscul:r young gentlemen, as they crowded round the first speaker. "A dead angel !" "Where and when ?" "Right there, floating past on the tide;:;" and the handsome youth pointed over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the water. "A beatiful girl, elh ? Why how could you toll, old romancer, whether it was the body of a beautiful girl or of some one of mnaturrer years, who may have tumbled over from some one of the piers '" Dalsh Kingston's* face was as pale a; that of a corpse, as he. replied,, in an earnest and solemn manner-very uncharacteristic of his usual hilarious carelessness "I saw the face distinctly, and, the fact is, I was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bewilderment, I made no effort to rescue the lovely corpse from the water." "Well, see hero," exclaimed one of the party, named Hienway," Let's lower the boat and capture that dead beauty. We lads, who pride ourselves on our devotion to living beauties, should Inot allow a lovely corpse to float away on the swelling tide, a dainty meal for the ponderous mnaws of some veracious shark." " No, no ! let it float away to sea," said Dash Kingston, as lie drew his shapely hand acro:ss his face. "Let it float away to sea; it is enough to be haunted by its mcmory, without gazing on the cold, beautiful thing again," he added. The place where the conversation above re corded occurred was on the deck of a trim little yacht, which rode at anchor off Rose Bay, Sydney Harbour; and the speakers were members of its amateur crew, who had just brought their craft to anchor after a weck's cruise up the coast. It was a lovely evening, about an hour ie fore sunset, when Dash Kingstonu, ine of the party, was leaning over the quarter-rail, and was dreamily looking down into the deep blue water, over which liahe::d a fiery glim mer of gold from the departing rays of the sun, when suddenly he was startled by seeingc an object floating along towards him on the ebb tide. One moment later, and it was glidiig directly beneath his gaze, when a strange, sharp pain pierced his heart, as lie recognised that the corpse was that of a beautiful young girl. So bewildered was he, that hle stood like one transfixed, while the startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It was then that, suddenly recalled to him self, he uttered the exclamnation with which we o en our narrative. Dash Kingston was a well-made, handsome youth of twenty-two. His father had been one of the wealthiest merchants in the city, and the only son of the millionaire had been educated to expect one of the largest fortunes ever bequeathed to an Australian. Ie graduated at a foreign sc:ool, and then spent two years in travel, and returned home at the ago of twenty-four, to find himself an orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at his death he left his son a number of com paratively worthless scrip and his blessing .ylno DIash, however, was not one to murmur ancu complain. HI? had his health, a good education, and the heritage of an unstained name, and he ft'.t capable of fighting the battle of life sue cessfully. Although comparatively poor, he was none tihe less popular with his former companions, and the numbers of invitations to yachting ex cursions and other sporting amusements that he received really seriously interfered with his laudable desire to establish himself in his cho sen profession. There were few men like Dash Kingston, however. I-e was a natural-born hero.' Handsome in person, generous and brave, and an adept at all manly exercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a dead shot with either pistol or rifle, and with all, a whole souled, manly, darce-devil youth a good friend, and a brave and magnanimous enemy. When Hemway, one of his companions, first suggested the recovery of the body, I)ash ob jected,as related,but after a moment's thought he exclaimed : " What a coward I have suddenly become afraid of a dead girl ! No, no-unever ! Lower .away the boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with the tide some day." A word of command from Dash Kingston was suflicient, and a few miinmtes later a boat was lowered, and Dash and two, of his young friends eIaped into it and pulled away with the tide to seek for the beautiful corpse. 1'robably half an hour had passed .since the' first discovery of the floatiig body, until the three young men werd .in the boat and pulled: sway in search of it. "It is a chance if we find it,"said Iemway,' lWho was sitting in the praow on tl,he utionk-. "Well, go easy now; shy her a little to the left ; I see something iahcad.":'? . Dash, who was at the oars, did :is directed,s while olenmway leaned foiward and strhindd hi eyes in the thickening shadows of twilight j upon the object tihat had" attracted his attlei tion. "By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be i hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of 1 a man. The river must be strewed with dead people. Steady, now, steady; a little more to the left," continued Hemway,and lihe leaned .forward to see- the, object, whicl had disal "peared for a moment in the hollow between thle. waves. . Skilfully Dash guided" the boat as he was i directed. A moment-they were lifted upon the crest of a swell, thenr swiftly they shot domwn, and the boat thumnped heavily against a iloating ob ject. "By thunder !" exclaimed HeI-Imway, in a husky voice, "here it is; it is. a woman'm,after all." Dash drew in hit oars, aid his friend guided the floating body beside the boat. It was not quite dark yet, and lcaning over, ihs glanced at the dark object, when lie ex claimed: - "It is a female, ccitain, but it has a black dress on; the blue-eyed corpse was clothed in white." ". Then this is not the body you saw ?" " No." "This is a go, boys,'.' remarked Tor Hardy, the third ouith in thelboat. . " What are.we going to do about it " asked the practical IHesnrway ; ' we cannot cast it adrift." I' ll be shot if we can take it into the boat, " snit Tom Hardy. "-, n must lind the other one," said Dash Kingston. " Perhaps the two women were in the boat together, and were upset somewhere up the river." "Goodness, see that !" suddenly. exclaimed Tom Itahly, as he leaned forward ,and took a closer survey of the black-robed corpse, add !ig: i this has been a murder !" and he pointed toward the dead woman's temple, where a gap ing wound-was visible, the whole side of the forehead being shattered as though by a blow from a bludgeon. The three young men looked aghast at the tearful sight in silence for a moment, whe,. lifmway said: " My opinion is that we had better cast this object adrift, anld pull back to thie yacht." "W'e can tow it ashore and fasten it to one of the piles, where it will be found in the morning; we can do no mor,:'said Vasn 1 Kini son. Twilight had deepened into night, but the red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shone o'er the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and flashed a silver shcen over the dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did the face of the de ad woman appear underi the shadowy gleam of the mxinlight; and, as the three yo:ng men looked upon the white but bloate. foea turns, each felt a cold chill curdling around his heart. "Fasten the rope around your prize," said Hardy. "and we'll get through with the first ghastly job." Hienv.ay did as directed, and the black robed figure was towed round to the stern of the boat. The boat was now headed toward WVooloo m-oolo Bay, and Dasi Kingston rowel with a so,:cmvn regularity, as though at a floating fuinral. In an hour they arrived at the wharf, when Dash said, in a husky whisper : "Fa;ten it to one of the piles; quick, Hem way, we are liable to be discovered at any mo. mont." Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon succreded in fastening the body, attached by. the rope, to one of the piles, when he said: "Now, then, Dash, pull out easily; all is right." Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pulling out from under the pier, when sud denly, from the dock over their heads, came the inquiry, in a gruff voice: " Hold i who goes there ?" " It's a 'cop,' Dash," said IHemway " Pull for your life, now, Bub." CHAPTER II. The three young men in the boat cared less for actual adventure than they did for the ghastly work in which they had.lhen engaged, and when IIen'way exclaimed, "Let her go it's a 'cop,'" Dash laid to on his oars, aal the boat shot cut from under the pier like a race 'boat. "Lay to!" said the same gruff voice f rom the dock. "Go hang yourself !" called back Tom Ihardy, who was a reckless, dare-devil sort of a chap. The answer to this ,polite invitation was a pistol-shot. " By thunder! the wretch take us for river thieves," exclaimed Ilermway, as he dodged a ball that whiizzed ovcr his head. Bang! hang! came several other shots in quick succession, but .l);ash ing.ton's strong rowing had carried them beyond pistol-shot range. "Am I heading for the yacht, boys ?" asked Dash. "Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward the river as though it would hury itself in a mist of silver spray ?" said Icemway. " Are you going to give up your search for the blue-cyed dead angel ?" asked Tom. " I shall not continue my.search just at pro sent." And without anithier word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward the yacht Susie. Once alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while lie remained in the boat. " Are you not coming aboard, Dash ?" asked Hemway. "Not at present. Send Yanko to me." " All right," was tile answer, and in a few moments a black facte protruded over the side of the yacht, and its col,:nred owner asked: "You want me, Missa Kingston?" "Yes, Yanko; I am going ashore, and I want you to come along with me to bring the boat back." "All right, sah," replied the black, and he leaped over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to the rail and cailed out: "Where are you off to, Dash ?" "Ashore," was the reply, and the boat glided away from the side of the yacht. "I'll be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston has lost his sensels; lie is goingoff on a night excursion all alone to fish for that blue eyed beauty that he imagines he saw floating by here a spell ago," muttered Tom, as he turned away and joined one or two of the crew seated by the cabin door. In the meantime Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards the Manly shore, and running up under one of the piers, le said to the black Yanko : S"I am going to get out here, and you can take the boat back." "When me pull away take you back, MIissa Kingston ?" " You need not come at all; go ahead now; I am all right," answered Dash, as he jumped up upon the wharf. Twenty minutes from the departure of the boat, Dash Kingston glided out into the stream in a cat-rigged sailing-boat, and drifted away with the tide. There was a stiff breeze blowing directly towards the other shore, and Dash, thinking the object of which lie was in search had drifted tlhre, headed his boat in that dire tion. All the way across the harbour he kept his eyes constantly on the alert, scanning every floating object that lie passed with the closest scrutiny, bult no sign of the white-robed figure rewarded him. Just outside the slhor:-swell lie steered his boat-so as to sail as near be beach as possible, end so conmmnenced to make a complete circuit of the shore. 1He had .not procceded very far cre he be held a dark object moving slowly along the beach. , Wondering what the man he had seen was up to,Dash turned his boat oat front the shore, so as not to attract'the attention of the wan derr on the beach, while lie he himself could see the mlan's mnovenments. Presently Dash saw the man on the beach come to a halt, and strain his eyes out upon the waster. SDash,had brought his boat to, and was lean ing over tie gunwale, when he saw the strangely-acting man wade ilito the water,ano the next moment seize an object floating on the crest of a wave. Rising to his feet suddenly, Dash leaned. forWard, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim:-- . "By Jove, lie has found it ?" and lie imme. diately headed toward the promontory jutting out from the shore. CHAPTER III. The youth felt greatly excited.. His eyes beamed with a queer light,' aid" a pallor over spread his handsome features as he ran for the shore. "That fellow is a bird of prey," muttcered Dash, as lie moved stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. By the time the youth arrived in sight of the man and his prey the lantter had succeeded in hauling the b.xdy ashore and his movements at once betrayed that Kingston's suspicions were correct, as the latte-r was able to see, by the aid of the moonlight, that at that very moment the fellow wias trjing to pull a ring from: tlhe finger of the cnr ls. Keeping out of view, hI.. observed the man's movements for a moment. while maki:ng up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clear night; the light of the minoon made objects almost as plainly visible as atnoonday. Kingston was still undccided as to what ex cuse he should offer for disturbing the mian, ywhen lihe saw the latter draw a clasp-knife froum his pocket. and make a .moslemlent as though about to sever one of the dead girl's fingers. The youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, he shouted: " Hold on, you wretch s what are you doing there ?" " And who may you be ?" asked the man, in a gruff .voice, turning round and standing revealed in the moonlight, with the dead girl's hand clasped in one hand and the glittering knife in the other. "I am one who will nst stand by and permit you to mutilate the dead." "You be, ch? Well, see here, my young counter flipper, if you don't about march and go about your business, I'll, smother you in the water there." The youngman glanced about in every direc. tion,and his eye fell upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon the beach. A moment later Dash had secured it. It proved to be the round, heavy aend, and the youth was delighted that he had secured such an excellent cudgel. Scizing the cudgel firmly, he moved toward the rullian with the remark, in a threatening tone: "" My friend, you will have to move away." The man dropped the dead hand, and growl ing more like a dog than a human being, as he drew from his pocket a pistol, and aimnng it at Dash, exclaimed in a fierce voice, and with many oaths: "Look hero, Mister ! I've just got a little toy here that's worth a million of sticks like that; and if you don't want a hole in your skin yo:'ll mnoo?ey, and nolt make any bones about it, either." Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward the villain, determined to bring matters to a decided issue at once. The man levelled his l'istol, and shouted : "Stand back, or by - I'll shout !" Still, without flinchlin, Dash advance4. There came a cliclk, but no report. At the moment that the man pulled the trigger of his pistol Dash swung the bludgeon in the air. As the Irishman says, "a shillelah never misses fire," and the piece of oar sped through the air and descended upon the wrist and hand of the murderous body robber, knocked time pistol from his grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain.: Still the man was not overcome. Springing back, he drew a murderous-look ing knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antagonist. The latter, however, was too minuch for hiim,. and quite a lively skirmish followed. Both men dodged and parried upon the beach in the presence of the dead body of the young girl. Kingston's kindness prevented him from nising his formidable weapon, as he could have done. His object was to knock the knife from the man's hand as he had done the pistol, and then drive him oil. IIe failed to succeed,and the stubbornness of the man invited his own lom:n. " Will you msnake off?" a:;ked Dash. " And leave the diamonds and jewels to you, pard ? No, no, replied the man, from between his clencched teeth. "Then your fate be on your own head," ex. claimed Dash. "Go keerful, young man; this is murder, yer know." "Will you make off ?" "No !" yelled the man, and with a fearful oath he made a spring at Dash. "The latter was prepared. SHis patience was also exhaustesd, and down coane his cudgel, when the foiled mobber sunk upon the wet sand. A wicrcr and ghost-like scene was presented upon that lonely beach under the bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the wet sar_1, and leaned over the pale, stark face of the dead girl. Even while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would part, and from the pearly teeth would crn' a sweet voice, asking, " Where am I " Instinctively hoe brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. It was cold-icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as though he had laid his warm hanud upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at the ru!iian hq had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. He lived; and, with the muttered remark: "It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash re turned and contemplated the white f-"ure of the murdered girl. While he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's linger. He stooped, as though about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion caused him to start back and exclaim : "No; I cannot rob the dead i" Then his eves fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in the girl's ears. "What shall I do? If I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, some other vandal like you scamp may come along and possess himself of them," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, lie added: "I will remove them and hold them for the friends of the dead girl." Dash was more succ6ssful than the robber had been, and had but little dilficulty in reo msnving the jewels. He had but just possessed himself of them when he heard voices,and upon raising his eyes 1\. saw the glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along the beach. "Great heavens ! If I am found with these jewels on me I will be looked upon as a robber of the dead ;" lie suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively he turned, as though to run awa". "I mean no harm, but I must protect my self," lie muttered, and with a cat-like step he moved away. After proceeding a short distance he ascended the bank that lined the beach, apd moving stealthil3 along, retraced his steps to a point opposite to where the body lay. lIe had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached the spot where the white figure The men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of the terrible mistake lie had made. "There has been foul murder here,"said one of the men,'as lie held his lantern down over the face of the dead girl. "It has been a double murder," cried an other of the men, as his eye fell upon the fonn of the man. "No, by thunder! This fellow lives," hlie added, after a moment, as lie felt the woun.ded man's pulse. "Yes; I live," came the response in feeble tones. "What has happened ?" asked the men in chllons, as they gathered round. " Give mnc a drink first; I am dying of thir.t." One of the newcomers had a flask with him, and -put it to the man's lips. The latter drank, and seemed greatly re vived,.when he said : " A terrible crime hlas just been committed before my eyes." " Tell us about it, quick ! There may yet be a chance to caplture the assassin." Tile fellow pretended to be very much over conm byi tre terrble, scene he had witnessed, and also to feel bad from the effects of the blow lie had received ; but taking another good pull. from the Ilsk, he said: "I was walking along the beach, when I saw a struggle guilfg on in a boat a little off the shore between a Inan and a woman. The man finally.scized an oar aud struck the girl a blow on the back of the head,and she fell overboard, when the man sailed away." " And this is the girl that was murdered ?" "Yes ; I recovered the body after an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, when thle asssassin returned. HIe as saulted me, and a struggle followed, but with the same oar with which hlie crushed in the skull of the girl he laid nme out, then robbed the body of the girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped." Dash heard the whole story, and would have rushed dlown and denied it; but, alas !.circum stances were against him. Tie girl's head had been crushed by a blud geon, and hlie really had the jewels on his per son, although for nio unlawful purpose. One of the men was left with thie body, while tile others started to notify tile authorities, so that an immediate search might be instituted for the supposed assassin. The man had furfiished an accurate descrip. tion of Dash Kingston, and, as the latter stole away,he fully realised his peril ; circumstances -fatal circumstances, wcre against him,and he had unconsciously assisted in gathering them about him. lie succeeded in reaching the city without being discovered, and upon the following morn ing read in the papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a diabolical murder, in cluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by the assassin, and a garbled description of his person. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts ; and in hopes that the matter wonuld blow over in a few days, he shaved off his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon the very evening of his arrival he was passing the door of the laides' parlour in the hotel, when he beheld a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in his veins. There, standing in the centre of the parlour, was a lady ; and.beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his eyes rested upon was the living, hretathing girl the dead body of whom he believed he had left upon the Rose Bay shore under the moonlight some hours before. At first he thought it might bo only a fancied resemblance. Recovering his self- possession, he stepped into the room. There was not the least possibility of a mis take; thlro were the same features, the same lovely blue eyes, the same goldon tresses, time exquisite mouth-all,all the sone., " Oh, heavOens! r.m I mad, or have I boon dreaming some horrible dream x" murmurc.i Dash, as he staggered from the room. But the idea of a dream was quickly disi pelled. His hand pressed the jewels in his pocket, and the blue eyes were turned toward him in wondering amazement tLo a s oIIUa.. __________________ rD. 