. MELBOURNE. , : NOV. 21. Odr Uoeeesposdekt,] Since the days when Stitt' Jenkins Vent for Sir Jambs M'Cullocb. in about ft column and a half of roundabout verse, I 'cfarri^think any'politician has suffered at the hantfe-iSlt the poets.' Therefore I reproduce from ^e columns of the Mount Alexander Mail cfejs tribute to Mr Patter- - son attaining his sixtiStfis^rthday, which appears in its issue of thelgi&ipst;,-; 13th Novomber, 1883. °ofar Northumbria's rugged'eoaet, •When, wintry winds were shrieking, And sea'birds, by the ocean tossed, haven vainly aeekihg; Down to fair Hobaon's Bay; From snowy mountains mistv wreath • To where the .Murray glides beneath The great Pucitic sway. . , The noble, firm, determined stand. .. .He took when-'h'ope-nigh fled,... Our ship of state at Lib command Tj safety's haven led. Fill up the cup, fill to the brim, With Coliban or Galley, ' And drink long life -and health to him ; His sl.a-iow ne'er grow less, uor dim His-eye for wit or sally, It would be ungenerous to criticise a poet who displays so much generous individual enthusiasm, else it might be suggested that there is not much mystic "dower" about Mr Patterson, but all shall be for- ;iven unto him for.the touching reference " - ie makes to the part the Galley plays in politics nnder the auspices of the-present Premier. The apartments of Ministers of the Crown are the surest place to get a drink if you want it in Melbourne, but unfortunately they are not open on Sundays, and whenever a man is seen quitting a Minister's room nowadays it is generally noticeable that he is wiping his mouth. Mr Patterson's personal appearance at the age of sixty is-pretty well known, but as there are some parts of the colony in which he is rarely seen, it may be worth while to attempt a description of it Tall, about 5£t. llin., deep chested, powerfully built, strongly planted on his feet, with muscles hardened by healthy exercise and still more healthy work in his younger days, it may be fairly said of him that at the age of sixty " his eye is not dim or his natural strength abated." True he wears glasses when at work, but not in the street, but they are low power oneB, end he does not need them to read men. And perhaps the most striking quality of his character is emphasis. His "no" means "no,"and it would be perfect wasteof time to attempt to shake it Be has a mobile character in other respects, which quickly adapts itself to ail sorts and conditions of men, and he takes the measure of each at a glance, and for. a thorough comprehension of political life, well, lie's just the oldest Parliamentary hand in the House. It is probably for thiB reason that he has taken in hand Harry Foster, known to some as the member for Croajingolong, but to most as " the tnan who never goes hame," for, in the absence of D. M. Davies, who was the cleverest whip wa ever had, Harry Foster fairly .fills the bill, and it looked towards the close of last session that either the whipship -or a junior portfolio would be within the genial Harry's grasp. The faet that he ia acting for the Opposition would not interfere one iota. No man oan serve two masters, but it is allowable to have a preference for one of them. To the personal note of Mr Patterson let it be added that he does not Iciok stnything like sixty years of age, and can stand the fatigues of a. session—which he has taken good care .this year should not be too fatiguing better than inen twenty years his , junior. The committal of Messrs Davies, Millidge, and Muntz has destroyed Sir Graham Berry's last present, chance of securing the Agent-Generalship, Ministers always express themselves "anxious to do something for the old man," but they feel that in the face of that they cannot,' and the stormy petrels of the press are already shaking their wings in the air and screeching warnings to the Ministry that on no account must this be permitted. We sent one winged pigeon home to represent us in the person of Mr Munro, who had to be recalled. It would be most impolitic to send another who had been mainly instrumental in drawing English capital to the bank, and whose co-directors were awaiting trial on a charge of criminal fraud. Neither will the idea of making ony vagabond politician who chances to turn up in London act as Agent-General do at all. The whole matter, I fancy, will now be hung up until Christmas or after. An odd thing happened this week. One of our evening papers, the Standard, was compelled to temporarily discontinue publication. There was considerable delay, and- the edition • came out late- It transpired subsequently that the result •was not that the company had temporarily suspended pending reconstruction, but an eel in the water pipe. The reason of the visit of the sinuous stranger is not known. Possibly as he was on tour he called for a notice. Talking the other day with a wellknown: navy man, ..and expressing my satisfaction that Captain Alan Thomas, who when, ;on our -station gained the repute of being the smartest bfficer we had.: seen, should have gained the high position he has in England of being accepted as the principal authority ;on rams, I was told of something which I think has never yet seen the light of print.' Captain Thomas was, when Melbourne, engaged persistently Sn pursuing experiments into the nature of the ram, the speed required, and the resultant impactive force, and he confided to his friends that if Port Phillip was ever menaced by* detachment^f a fleet which .succeeded m passing the t X T -t >- tf } " "' 1 - H !)- r ' " ' "-i, , 'h" ,, in c i£ i-e is •>•>»• >1 iit c' c * & e 0 ik - Hi LL f ,„Y rams 1 aare not oeeu u„ elsewhere,'and merely mention it now as •'-• a proof that our naval men are not so con- ' fident as/to the invulnerability of tho port as they sometimes desire us to think. You will .remember m Pygmalion and r Galatea how the heart of the beautiful Galatea was moved at the Bight of the wounded desr A friend of mine told me - a atory concerning the first leveret caught m Victoria, probably m Australia. It was .on the old raoeeoursemt Flemington;; m the days that the grand stand was i down ota the flat near the river, and tho > hills now -enclosed were free to picnickers. Suddenly there came bounding along a ' little animal whom no one had seen before, and whom they could not identify. "Why," said he, "it's a little leveret," and as he said so it tan up agauisC his feet and stopped there panting, and he - did as Cowpery tells us in the Pakenhtun ghost, took the little titranger in and reared it as his own The date -was 1658, and although the incident may~seem"- trivial, I have thought it worthwhile to ' record it as an evidence that rarer thinga " hive bBeti seen on our great *aoeoofti» than the vagraht clog 'which is always dropped Over the fence io run for its life iust before sounds Hie nf^ri- {joii ^t Oup | —Tam Rattray. 