OUR S T O R Y . BARBARAS LOVE STORY. PRETTY Barbara Ferros would not marry. Her. mother, was in con sternation. 'Why are you so stubborne, Bar- bara ?' she asked. ' You have plenty of lovers.' 'I want, when I marry, a man who is brave, equal to any emergency. If I give up my liberty I want to be taken care of.' ' Silly child ? What is the matter with big Barney, the blacksmith. Hei is big, but I never learned that he was brave.' ' And you never heard that he was not. What is the matter with Ernest the gunsmith V He's as placid as goat's milk.' 'There is Little Fritz, the tanner ; he is quarrelsome enough for you, surely?' He is no bigger than a bantam cock. It is little he could do if the house was set upon, by robbers.' That night Ernest, the gunsmith, knocked early at the door . ' You sent for me, Barbara,' he said, going to the girl who stood upon the hearth, coquettishly warming one pretty foot arid then the other. \- 'Yes, Ernest,' she replied. 'I've been thinking of what you said the other night when you were here.' ' Well, Barbara ?' ' I want to test you.' v ' How V 'I want to see. if you dare do a very disagreeable thing.' ' What is it?' ' There is an old coffin upstairs. It smells of inould. They say Redmond, the murderer, was buried in it; but the devil came for his body, and left the coffin empty at the end of a week, and it was finally taken from the tomb. It is upstairs in the room my grandfather died in, and they say grandsire does not rest easy in his, grave for some reason, though that I know nothing about. Dare you make that coffin your bed to-night ?' Ernest langhed. 'Is that all ? I will that and sleep soundly. Why, pretty one, did you think I had weak nerves ?' 'Good night, then, I will send a lad to show you the chamber, said im perious Miss Barbara. Ernest turned straightway and followed the lad in waiting through dim rooms and passages, by echoing stairs, along narrow, damp .ways, where rat? scuttled before them, to a low chamber. The boy looked pale and scared, and evidently wanted to hurry away, but Ernest made him wait until he took a survey of the room by the. aid of his lamp. It was very large and full of recesses, with high windows in them, which were barred across. He remembered that old Grandfather Ferros had been insane for several years before his death, so this precaution had been necessary for the safety of himself and others. In the centre of the room stood a coffin ; beside it was placed a chair. The room was otherwise perfectly empty. Ernest stretched himself in the coffin. Be kind enough to tell Miss Barbara that it's a very good fit,' said he. The boy went out and shut the door, leaving the young gunsmith alone in the dark. Meanwhile Barbara was talking with the big blacksmith in the keeping- room. ' Barney,' said she, pulling her hands away from his grasp when he would have kissed her, ' I've a test to put you to before I give you any answer. There is a corpse lying in the chamber whero my grandsire died, in the un tenanted wing of the house. If you dare sit with it there all night, and let nothing drive you from your post, you will not ask me to marry you again in vain.' 'Are these all the conditions you can offer me, Barbara ?' ' All. And if you get frightened you need never look me in the face again.' ' I'll take them, then.' So Barney was conducted to his post by the lad, who had been instructed in the secret, and whose involuntary stare at Ernest's placid face as it lay in the coffin was interpreted by Barney to be natural awe of a corpse. He took his seat and the boy left him alone with the darkness, the rats, aud the coffin. . Soon after young Fritz, the tanner, arrived, flattered and hopeful from the fact that Barbara had sent for him. ' Have you changed your mind, Bar bara ?' he asked. ' No, and I shall not until I know that you can do a really brave thing.' ' What shall it be ? I swear to satisfy you, Barbara.' ' I have a little proposal to make to you. My plan requires skill as well as courage.' ' Tell me.' Well, in this house is a inan watch ing by a corpse. He has sworn not to leave his post till morning. If you can make him do it I shall be satisfied that you are as smart arid as brave as I require a husband to be.' 'Why, nothing is so easy,' exclaimed Fritz . 'I can scare him away. Furnish me with a sheet, show me the room, and go to your rest, Barbara. You shall find me at the post in the -morning.' j: ; V - , Barbara did as requested, arid saw the tanner step blithely away to his task. . It was then nearly twelve o'clock, and she sought her own chamber. Barney was sittirig at his vigil, and. so far all had been well. The face In the coffin gleamed whiter .through the darkness. The rats squeaked as if a famine, were upon them and they smelled dead.', flesh. The thought made him shudder. He got up and walked about, but some thing made a slight noise, as if some body was behind him, and he put his chair with its back against the wall and sat down again. He had been hard at work all day, and at last, in spite of everything, he grew sleepy. Finally, he nodded and snored. Suddenly it seemed as if somebody had touched him. He awoke with a start, and saw nobody near, though in the centre of the room stood a white figure. ' Curse you, get out of this !' he ex claimed in a fright, using the first words that came to' his tongue. The figure held up its right arm and slowly approached him. He started to his feet. The spectre came nearer, pressing him into the corner. 'The d 1 take you !' cried Barney, in his extremity. Involuntarily he stepped back; still the figure advanced, coming nearer and neaieiy and extending both arms, as if to take him in a ghostly embrace. The hair started up on Barney's head ; he grew desperate, and just as the gleam ing arms would have touched him, he fell upon the ghost like a whirlwind, tearing off the sheet, thumping; pound ing, beating, and kicking, more and more enraged at the resistance he met, which told him the truth. As the reader knows, he' was big and Fritz was little; and while he was pummelling the little tanner unmerci fully, and Fritz was trying in vain to get a lunge at Barney's stomach, to take the wind out .of him, both plung ing and kicking like horses, they were petrified by hearing a voice cry— ' Take one of your size, Big Barney !' Looking around, they saw the corpse sitting up in his coffin. This was too much. The j released each other and sprang for the door. They never knew how they got out ; but they ran home in hot haste, panting like stags. It was Barbara herself who came and opened the door upon Ernest the next morning. ' It's very early ; one more little nap,' said he turning over in the coffin. So she married him, and though she sent Fritz and Barney invitations to the wedding, they did not appear. If they discovered the trick they kept the knowledge to themselves, arid never willingly fased Barbara's laughing eyes again. THE END. 