Our Tale THE CLUE OF THE PRIEST'S CAVE. A HOAR Y castle, perched on the brink of a wind-swept precipice, at the foot of which the waves make ceaseless music— now murmuring idly against the base of the great limestone wall, now swelling their voices into thunder notes, as the storm rises and drives them surging into dark caverns below. It is not often that the duty of the modern defective leads him into such scenes as this; but it was my experience once, when Lord Portumna sent for me to dissipate the alarm which was agitat- ing the dwellers of the castle. His Lordship received me in his own room—a turret chamber, with one window looking out over the heaving sea, and another which opened up a dreary prospect along the summit of the downs. He was a middle-aged man, of smooth and courteous manner, though from the first I detected indications of the "iron hand in the velvet glove." As the Honourable Cecil Portreeve, and a member of the House of Commons, he had made his mark politically, and since his accession to the title, on the death of his nephew a year before, I had heard Lord Portumna spoken of as one of the few really shining lights of the Upper House. " I am really almost ashamed to send for you on such an errand, Mr. Zambra," he said. " I need hardly say that I don't believe in ghosts, and the supernatural, and such humbug; but there is no doubt about the fact that strange noises have been heard about here of late—I have heard them myself—with the result that my people are terrified, the servants threaten to leave in a body, and I can see that Lady Portumna, though she will not admit it, is seriously suffering in health in consequence." "Your servants, then, profess to believe that the castle is haunted ?" His Lordship smiled cynically. " There is no doubt about the sincerity of their belief, Mr. Zambra," he said. " They are one and all imbued with it to the finger tips. And the worst of the whole business is that they must needs outrage my feelings—and the feelings of Lady Portumna—by saddling their silly superstition on my poor dear little nephew, Willie—the late earl—who fell over the cliff last year. In the absence of the legendary ghost, the idiots have manufactured one for themselves. They say that my nephew's spirit is the cause of the sounds. " The fact of the late earl's body never having been found would, I suppose lend colour to their ignorant fears," I remarked. " It is impossible to say what foolishness would or would not influence such dolts," replied Lord Potumna, testily. " I only know that I want an end put to this nonsense once for all by a true explanation of the voices, both in the interests of my own comfort and of Lady Potumna's peace of mind. It may not be an important or romantic inquiry, but it is one that means a good deal to me." " You may rest assured that you will know more about the matter before I leave," I said. " I am certain of it," replied his Lordship. " What I chiefly want to say is that while you are engaged in this inquiry you will remain in the character of my friend. We are quite alone at present, and it would not suit either my purpose or yours for it to be known that a detective was in the castle. Is fact, the little deception had better be extended to Lady Portumna, who was strongly averse to my calling in professional assistance. You will meet my wife in an hour's time at dinner, and I shall introduce you as Mr. Carnegy, of the Carlton Club. I have already prepared her for your visit." Lord Portumna rang for his valet and ordered him to conduct me to the bachelor suite, a bedroom and sitting- room which bad been placed at my dis• posaL If I bad been in truth Mr. Carnegy, of the Carlton Club, I could not have been more comfortably quartered. My two rooms, which communicated, were on the first floor, about the centre of the long corridor which ran the whole length of the building. Their heavy-mullioned windows looked to the front, which was also the seaward side of the cattle; and my view thus comprised the pleasure garden, which extended to the edge of the cliff, some two hundred yards away. I took the opportunity of pumping my conductor. There was one or two points upon which his Lordship had not yet enlightened me. "So you would have completed the attractions of the castle by starting a ghost here ?" I said, after expressing satisfaction with the comfort of my surroundings. The valet, who was a quiet, self-possessed man, turned pale. "I beg your pardon, sir," he said, " but we don't like to jest about the— visitation. We have all heard it, and I assure you, sir, the noises are such that they chill the blood. His Lordship has nerves of iron, but I think that even he is beginning to be shaken by it at last; and the change in my lady is really too sad." "Are the sounds heard at any particular time P" " No, sir," replied the valet. " They have been heard off and on, by one and another, both day and night. There are those who think that the voice is principally heard at spring tides, when the full flood is up. The poor little earl was drowned during a spring tide, sir." "The sounds are recognisable as a human voice ?" I said. " As a voice, but not human/' replied the man. "It is a long-drawn, wild, continuous screaming while it lasts. Then it dies away in wailing moans, as though the screamer was exhausted. It is always heard about the same place, on the edge of the cliff where his little Lordship fell over." " The accident was quite unpreven- table, of course ?" " Oh, yes, sir," said the valet. " His late Lordship was a bright boy of twelve, always rather difficult of control. My master was his guardian, and they were out walking together one stormy day on the under cliff—a narrow ledge about a hundred feet below the brink which you see from these windows. It is reached by steps from the garden. The boy went and leaned over the low parapet to watch some seagulls, and over- balanced himself. The master was nearly frantic. It was quite six months before he could be brought to claim his title." The valet took his departure, and, as there was still some time before it would be necessary to dress for dinner, I went to the open window, and sat looking out over the sea. It was a peaceful evening in early autumn, and the scene was one of sharply-defined contrast. In the foreground lay the smooth, green lawns, gravel walks, and bright flowerbeds, gaudy with a wealth of late blooms, whose colours were cut short abruptly by the stern line of cliff edge; while beyond stretched the great grey expanse of the Atlantic, tinged far away in the westward with a flush of pink from the setting sun. As I looked a lady came slowly along one of the paths that led from the cliffs to the house. She carried a basket, and by her side walked sedately a sharp-looking fox terrier. As she passed among the flowerbeds she paused occasionally to cull a few of the choicest blossoms, gradually filling the basket with them as she neared the castle. The lady was tall and slim, and far short of having attained middle age, but, even at that distance, I noticed that her face wore a singularly set and drawn expression, and that, young as she was, her hair was already streaked with grey. Remembering that there were no visitors to the castle, I concluded that this must be Lady Portumna. Shortly afterwards, on entering the drawing-room, I found that my surmise was correct. The lady to whom the earl introduced me as " Mr. Carnegy " was the same whom I bad seen from my window with the fox terrier and the basket. The dog " Patch," who was present, and seemed inseparable from his mistress, followed us into the drawingroom. During dinner I bad but little difficulty in acting up to my assumed character, for the simple reason that Lady Portumna took hardly any notice either of her husband or myself. Her listless and preoccupied manner confirmed the impression I had taken at the window, that the shock of her nephew's death, followed by the strange " visitations," as the valet had called them, played on her nerves. I made but one attempt to draw my hostess out, and that, from a converationalist point of view, was scarcely a success. " What lovely flowers you have here, Lady Portumna," I said. " I noticed you among them just now." " Yes," she answered, without looking up, " I gathered a few blooms before dinner. They are very beautiful." "And yet," I pursued, "it struck me that you were gathering the flowers as an afterthought. You did not go out for the purpose of getting them, I mean." I had interested her, it seemed. She raised her sad eyes to mine, almost for the first time. " How so ?" she said. " If you had gone out with the intention of filling your basket," I said, " you would have commenced picking them on your way from the house. As it was, I saw that you began to fill your basket on your return." A faint flush of annoyance appeared for a moment, and Lady Portumna dropped her eyes again. ' You are an observer of trifles, Mr. Carnegy,' she said, rather haughtily, "and shortly after- wards she rose to leave the room. His Lordship filled his glass and passed the decanter, but just as he was raising the wine to his lips there came through the open French windows a wail of anguish, sounding as from afar, and yet mournfully pathetic in its cadence, as though uttered by someone in the extreme of despairing agony. "Allow me to introduce you to our banshee and the object of your visit, Mr. Zambra," said his Lordship, lightly. " I am glad the thing—whatever it is—has paid us a visit to-night; it will give you an opportunity of getting to work." ' If you will permit me, I will take a walk through the grounds," I said. " I should prefer to go alone." Lord Portumna nodded assent. " No fear of your being disturbed," he said ; " all my people will be huddled together in the servants' hall." I stepped out on the terrace which skirted the front of the castle, and thence by a flight of steps I made my way to the garden. The moon was at the full and shining brightly, so that the various paths showed up as clearly as by the light of day. I chose one which led straight to the cliff edge, for it was from this direction that the sound had come. So far the cry had not been repeated, but when I was half way between the castle and the cliff it rose again—the same plaintive, heart-rending moan, but clearer, as though the source of its origin was nearer to me. I continued my way to the edge of the cliff, and at the end of the path found the brink guarded by the very necessary precaution of a stone parapet. Looking, over, I saw below, about a hundred feet down, the narrow, shelf-like ledge which the valet had called the 'under-cliff,' the spot where the little earl had lost his life. This ledge was, I could see, still more appropriately guarded by another stone parapet—the one, doubtless, over which the boy had fallen three hundred feet into the sea. Small wonder that his body had never been found. It was a veritable iron-bound coast. Right and left, as far as the eye could reach, the cliffs stood up straight out of deep water, with not so much as vantage ground for a gull. I leaned over the parapet, looking over the moonlit, peaceful sea, and waited for a repetition of the cry. It had struck me as possible that the sound might have come from a boat, but it was light enough to see that there was nothing afloat within earshot. Disappointed in finding an explanation here, I turned away to the landward side of the ledge and examined the face of the cliff, which presented a clear front, as if hewn out with a knife, right up to the garden above. Stay, though! It was not quite a clear front after all. Towards the further end of the shelf I detected a darkness in the rocky wall which suggested some kind of break in the regular encasement. Going thither I learned that the darkness proceeded from the month of a cave sufficiently high, at the opening at least, for a man to enter at his fall height. Taking some wax matches from my pocket, I commenced an exploration by tbe light of the miniature torch. Here again I met with disappointment. The cave, I found, turned sharp to the left a few feet from the opening, and then gradually decreased in height till it was no longer possible to stand upright. First a stoop- ing attitude became necessary, then the cave became so low that one bad to crawl n bands and knees, and, finally, all further progress was barred by the termination of the cave, or by what amounted to the same thing—the narrowing of it into a small bole scarcely larger than a rabbit burrow. I bad penetrated evidently to the utmost limits of the place, and it was empty. A three-year-old baby could not have passed through that aperture. I had to back out and upwards for a considerable distance before I could turn to ascend. In the act of squeezing myself round I noticed several minute, white objects adhering to the rough edge of a protruding stone, and, detaching them, I saw that they were dogs' hairs. I thought of Lady Portumna's fox terrier, and wondered what her ladyship's favourite could find to interest him. in that dreary hole. Arrived at the entrance, I lit more matches, and closely inspected the earth at the mouth of the cavern. It was soft and sticky with the moisture that dripped from the rock, and I saw that the dog's foot-marks were frequent enough, though it was not till I began to examine the floor of the outer vestibule of the cave that I detected signs of human presence. Here, however, I found the imprint— -many times repeated—of a lady's high- heeled French shoe. From this I deduced that Lady Portumna must be in the habit of conducting her dog to the entrance of the cave, and of waiting there while the animal explored its recesses, afraid to descend its gloomy depths herself. The latter course was intelligible ; but in pursuit of what game could the dog be sent into the cave so frequently ? It might have no bearing on the matter in hand, but still the question should be answered. There should be no mysteries about as long as the chief mystery remained unsolved, and I took my measures accordingly. When I left the ledge and mounted the upper ground again it was with the knowledge that one of my tiny pocket automatic instruments was in position, and that the counterfeit presentment of the next visitor to the cave, and what he or she was doing—ay, and the nature of her thoughts, for the face tells tales—would be recorded for my benefit. At noon next day I stood in my room holding up a freshly-developed negative to the light. The camera had done its work well, and the picture was a pretty and interesting one; but what was there in it to draw that exclamation from me, and send me hurrying to the undercliff ? The photograph merely represented Lady Portumna sending her dog into the cave with a basket of what looked liked provisions. A simple and graceful group, you will say; but remember that I had seen that tiny, dwindling hole at the cavern—that I had heard that awful blood-curdling voice—that I was charged to trace it home. In a few minutes I had reached the point in the cave to which I attained on the previous night. Before me lay the burrow, just large enough to admit the fox-terrier; and, sure enough, he had passed that way, for the damp sides of the hole as far down as I could see were coated with his hairs. With my heart in my mouth I cried aloud— "Below there! Below! Is anyone there ?" Almost before the last word was uttered there came a response—a strange weird response—commencing like a chuckling cry of joy and surprise, and finally taking the form of words, which sounded loudly through the natural trumpet. "It is I—Lord Portumna; save me before I go mad. I have been here a year or more." " I will fetch help immediately," I shouted. "How did you come there? How are we to get down ?" " I was washed in from the sea; there is a lower cave; the entrance is under the water." " Keep a good heart," I called; " we will have you out in no time." At the coastguard station a mile away there were plenty of willing hands to aid in the work of rescue. The galley was manned, and under the command of the chief boatman we rowed along the face of the precipice. "It must be the Priest's Cave the boy is in," said one of the men. "I have heard then was such a place, though I never knew where. A Catholic priest hid there once, they say. It can only be reached by diving. How can the lad have lived all this while ?" I knew but did not say. Suddenly one of the men pointed downwards to a spot in the cliff, just below low-water mark. " There it is," be shouted; and in an instant be was stripped and over the side. EVERYONE speaking of REV. MOTHER AUBERY'S REMEDIES, and a great many are trying them Read testimonials. The waves hid him from sight, and then we sat and waited-waited till a cheer told of his return, laden with a poor, little limp form which all there recognised as young Lord Portumna. But haggard and wan as the boy was, his spirits revived quickly. 'Tell me,' I whispered at the first chance, " how was it that your aunt did not say she knew where you were ? " She couldn't," was the quick reply; "and you mustn't say that she knew either. She heard me by accident the very first day, and has sent the dog with food ever since; but she couldn't tell. " How was that ?" I asked. "Because uncle pushed me over," was the reply, which let the light in upon the whole mystery. • • • Young Lord Portumna and I both kept our secret well, though as far as the Honourable Cecil Portreeve is concerned there is no need for silence. Deposed from his honours, he died within a year; but for the sake of the family name and of the poor lady, who feared by releasing her nephew she would set free the victim and only witness of her husband's crime, whom he himself believed dead, we must never dissemble. So the story of Patch's welcome visit through the burrow is kept back, and Lord Portumna is believed to have subsisted on limpets and seaweed and the fresh water that drops from the roof of the terrible unseen solitude. 