PASSING NOTES. By Faustink. An interesting little American magazine called Women# Progress remarks upon a striking difiencneci between men's and women's pictures, as exemplified in a recent Philadelphia! exhibition. Tho opportuni- ties for judging in this ease were certainly good, since of the 281 works of art displayed, 105 had feminine signatures. Of these 105 there were 21 portraits, 22 landscapes, 17 flower studies, seven fruits, four dogs, four still life, three marine, and a few other un classified subjects of an unambitious nature. The limited range of subjects, indeed, seems to have struck the critic first. And as to the other specially feminine characteristics : 1\. "Very few of the pictures expressed any action. The figure compositions were almost invariably portraits pure and simple. The model had been posed in a comfortable position, and the artist faithfully represented what slio saw. 2. The landscapes rarely showed nature in anything but her most serene moods, and generally at such an hour of the day when it was perfectly convenient for the artist to paint her picture. 3. The flowers, fruit, houses, boats, etc., offer models that never present any serious difficulties, and are, therefore, always favorite sub jects for pictures." The writer attempts to account for this manifest preference on the part of women for subjects ; requiring little expenditure of thought or time, no historic knowledge, nor any severe strain upon the imagination by the theory that women, as a rule, do not give them- i selves up entirely to their art. " Modern ! society is so exacting in its demands, and ; few women have the courage to close their j ears to its calls." There muy be something in it. But the defects mentioned, or rather the limitations, seem to be a peculiar fea ture of modern art, whether it relates to one sex or tiic other. Nobody wants lo immo late himself on the shrine of a great master piece nowadays. It is an age of drawing- room prettinesses. It is not the artist's fault entirely — man or woman ; far from it. An easy, tia-dc-sticle cynicism pervades everything; it is in the air we breathe. Wo want small profits and quick returns in art as in everything else, and very little seems worth while but tho chink of guineas. To venture nuok or nothing on a work for pure love of it in the old heroic style— well, we admire the amiable lunatic who does that sort of thing — admire, shrug our shoulders, smile, and pass. A deadly sort of apathy, a craven regard for % vtv.Klntn.j t.L» onnsAoiifmroy of Alii' rl ivnol. a nrl spontaneous words and acts, seems to be creeping over us. In the hearts of many a man, and woman, too, a yearning grows for a cause worth living and dying for — a righteous war, a revival of the faith in ultimate good that sent men gladly to martyrdom, a social crusade that shall give, not one, but all classes a more dignified sense of individual liberty. Our art simply reflects the petty aims and methods of our selfish, comfort- loving generation. It is small, short-sighted, conventional, like ourselves. And when once in a while, a genius arises, and thunders in our cars that these things are so, we starve, abuse and persecute him, just to en courage any other truth-tellers that may come along. Un til, by a ltiuky clmnec, or through the efforts of the small appreciative minority, lie reaps a golden harvest, and dukes and princes ask him to dinner. Then wo kiss his shoes ; clamor for his autograph, and profess to understand all those had, hold sayings of his that shocked us so before. t is curious that 0110 branch of art, hitherto, has hardly had any followers among women — I allude to architecture. Even in America very few have joined the ranks so far. Mrs. Minerva Parker Nichols, of Philadelphia, is per haps tho most noted woman-architect of our day ; and she considers it a profession eminently suited to women. Slio warns her sex, however, that in this vocation especially they must bend all their energies to make their work stand upon its own merits. There must he 110 " femininity " in it, except in tlio best sense of tho word, expressed, maybe, in an added delicacy and grace. Mrs. Louis ifcthuuc, another architect of talent, sounds the same warning note. "Tho only profession," she says, " which a woman nan iill hotter than a man is in certain branches of medical practice. In all others she must make her position by absolute equality of worth and talent." Mrs. Nichols considers that every woman should bo as familiar with the broad general stylos of architecture as she is with general literature. ".For, after all," slio remarks not unreasonably, " tiic greater part of our ancient history is that taken, not from parchment roll or terra, eotta cylinder, hut from tlio architectural remains of antiquity." As, in a young city like Sydney, in which new buildings are going up constantly, and architects are frequent correspondents to tlio columns of the daily press, the subject should have a general interest, 1 venture to give ono more extract from a paper 011 arclii. tcctnrc, written by Mrs. Nichols in the May of tho present year. "Lo you love tho simplo chaste art and refinement of early Greece, tho classic lines of yonr house will proclaim it ; if you are a mystic and a re cluse, Egypt has a stylo for you ; are you pleasure-loving and luxurious, Homo is your messenger ; if you arc dignified and severe, the Komanesquo will house you ; if you are cultivated and refined, withal a little coil, ventionul and superficial, the Ucuuissancc beckons you ; if you have churches to build, lot them be Gothic, if Roman or Evangelical. The Greek Church used the Byzantine, and it lias little symbolism for us. Tho .Saracenic, if you love Mahomet, or are slightly tinged with mysticism, and have a leaning iu tho direction of the occult sciences ; Colonial, if you love the simple traditions of our Puritan fathers, with the dignity and purity of their lives. Choose the wild, con glomerate style that assails us on every side if you wish to prove to oil tho world that you do not know one style from another ; even more, that you defy art. and glory in a house with a classic doorway, Gothic win dows, Byzantine carving and a French roof, that you use tiic plaster ornaments of tho Moors and tho stained glassof the West iu one loom." There is much in tho latter por tion of t lio quotation that some of us might with advantage take to ourselves. The " wild conglomerate ' is not unfamiliar to Syduoy eyes. I may add that Mrs. Nichols is yet another woman-worker in u profession once regarded as bolonging solely to men, who pays a high tribute to the generosity of the other sex in helping hor forward into open competition with themselves. It is tho avcrago woman who is your true con servative. The sad death of Mr. Francis Adams, who was well known in Sydney circles, will be deeply regrottcd by many, while the circum stances attending that death open up a question of vital importanco. In how far arc the relatives of a person doomed to tho death agony, attested by competent men to ho such, justified in shortening, or allowing the sufforcr him self to shorten it? Tho jury " regretted Mrs, Adams's " action in allowing her husband to shoot himself, .although he pleaded to put an end to a torture that, at most, so the phy sicians said, could have lasted but a few minutes longer. To a rational inind, it seems an evidence of tho truest affection. To eon- nivo at an act that might be construed by possible enemies to one's disadvantage for the sake of sparing a loved relative a few minutes' useless agony needs certainly more moral courage than to stay the destroying hand. That recognised freedom in the mat ter might be liable to abuse in some cases is possible, given unscrupulous medical at tendants, and vicious connections who would profit by the patient's decease. But the same objection might be applied to almost j every other reform in the direction of in creased liberty — viz., that that liberty "might" be abused by a certain depraved few, who, without it, would possibly manage to compass their ends just the same. With strict rules, as to medical supervision, wit nesses, etc., tho danger might bo reduced to a minimum, and the supremo alternative used only in extreme cases. It has always appeared to 1110 not only a reasonable but a i highly humane measure. Tho question is by 110 means new. It has even passed the limits of purely scientific discussion, and found a place both in fiction and on the stage. The plot of ono of Amclic Hive's novels turns upon it. Then, to go farther and higher, Ibsen introduces it in ono of the most powerful of his social dramas, " Ghosts." And " Alan's Wife," a tragedy-drama lately produced at home, in which, if I remember rightly, cither Miss Achurch or Miss Itobins took the heroine's part, deals entirely with a problem some what similar. "Alan's Wife" is a girl of tho higher working-classes, whoso strong, handsome, adored young husband is brought home to her, two or three months after marriage, dead, mutilated almost beyond identification through a machinery accident. The shock nearly costs her her reason ; but, slowly recovering, hurthouglits gradually turn and cling about the child that is to be— Alan's child. It shall be a boy, she dreams and hopes daily and nightly ; a boy strong and handsome and straight- limbed like his father, and she will live and work only for him. It becomes her 0116 burning thought — tho child. Tho boy is born ; but, alas ! the fcarfuj shock has done its work — ho is crippled mutilited ; both legs missing, ono arm ; nothing fair and natural but tho small baby face she has longed for. For a few hours she keeps him, praying and weeping. Then she rises, takes a pillow, presses it for a second or two over the little mouth, and all is over. " I have saved my boy," she says. Arrested for murder, that thought consoles her. "My child is saved from the cruel world that he would have grown to hate." The drama, like " Ghosts," was too sombre for stage .success ; indeed, was unsuited to theatrical produc tion. But its power was universally felt and acknowledged. Women liavo been doing good work in the London magazines during the last two or three months, their papers, unlike their American cousin's pictures beforomentioned, covering a very wide range of subjects. One is on a topic pressed forward at ono of our own women's suffrage meetings some time ago, viz., the necessity for women to look after female prisoners in gaols and look-ups. Another, by Dr. Jex Blake in the medical magazine, is a hopeful summary of women's present position us doctors. She thinks there should be more endowments, " for the men monopolise tlio money, as usual," but, as regards tlio obstacles women onco had to face, they arc of the past. One hundred and fifty-eight women entered their names in the llritisk Medical Register at the beginning of this year ; about 50 are practising in India, besides many 011 the Continent and various parts of Great Britain. More encouraging still is the fact that tho demand for women doctors is increasing every day. Mrs. Fawcett, of course, is always bright and readable, and her July work in the Humanitarian is quite up to tho mark. She is very scornful over the idea that voting now and again would make woman un- womanly, and asks, not unnaturally, which is more feminine — to sign their names, when required, in the interest of general progress, or to go shooting, in top boots and gaiters, all day, and talk about what they have " bagged " for tho best part of tho night, as many of the opponents of female suffrage do, in the season ? She waxes eloquent, too, over the sweet womanliness that used, not long ago, to go to Hurlingham, for tho pur pose of watching tame pigeons shot as they were let out of a trap. Mrs. Besant, in the June Lucifer, criticises Professor Huxley's last lecture on " Evolution and Ethics." She calls it one of the clearest and most emphatic pronouncements against the doctrine of the " survival of the fittest " she ever read. She hates the idea that society will go on in the "fiercely competitive" fashion believed in by those who hold tho theory of evolution by that means. "Women as Gardeners" is dealt with brightly by Miss Maggie Brainard in tho Californian. Miss Brainard carries on a successful business by shipping violets, daffodils, and jessamine to the northern States, and she mentions another lady who makes money by shipping rosebuds in water, .so that they are fresh on arrival, while a third makes £1000 a year by hor two fruit orchards. By the way, I see that Mr. Besant, who writes Bellamy-fashion, from a standpoint ahead somowhere near tlio year 2000, de molishes the House of Lords by 1924— the natural sequence of the democratic move ment. It will liavo ceased by that time, he considers, to represent tho old aristocracy. The old names will be extinct. " By far the greater number of peers wore of yester day," he says, in imaginary retrospect. "Nor could the House be kept up at all but for new creations. They were made from rich trade, or from tlio law. But lawyers, under the new order of things, could 110 longer he made peers. They were rough in manners, and they had no lunger great incomes. Moreovor, the nation demanded that its honors should be equally bestowed upon all those who rendered scrvico to tho .State, and all were poor. Now, a House of poor Lords is absurd. Equally absurd is a House of Lords all brewers. Hence the fall of the House of Lords was certain." Altogether, it appears we are going to make some unusually gigantic strides in tho direc tion of State socialism during tho next 30 years. ___________ Mr. Lahoueliero writes in Truth: — "Bishop Hadfiold (tlio I'rimato of New Zealand) lias resigned lliu See of Wellington, to which ho was appointed in 1870. Tlio now Bishop is to bo selected by the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Durham, the synod of the diocese having stipulated that 110 clergyman is eligible who lias held a cure ,in New Zea- j land. If the clergy of the colony are to be. ! ipso fucto disqualified from being promoted I o bislionries, I. should fancy that they may justifiably feel much disgusted by snob im arrangement , which is certainly not calcu lated lo stimulate their zeal." 