IjRoniance of-tlie Far West, I CHAPTER L ?j The day 'was jet young'. I Low on the western horizon hung a cop Wyaj haze, sure preBage of the heat, which, Iji a few hours, -would send the thennome l#r up to something like 90deg in the' I The east was all aglow with gorgeousj ?tolor, fiery crimson and deep-toned orange,; I pelting into softer gradations ox amber' Ijn&gold; as the long ra;s shot obliquely, Ijeross the undulating sea of grass, sweep* I jag away the faint shadows of the dawn;, I md throwing into sfy-ong relief the dark. ? outline of horse an-i, gift-ex ascending the lileing ground that*ra?iged »n the wide I [tretch of prairie. Tfife- traveller pulled up |tn gaining the top of 'the ridge, and took a I deliberate survey of £he surrounding Ifonntiy. I « I reckon I shouldn't be far off the! I took,' he remarked aloud, as he knocked I out his pipe onTfoe^adtjle, and prboeededi I to refill it from.- an indifEsrently-supplied: I tobacco pouch, 'not if that half-breed ? devil gave me the right bearings. What I vae it he said, due west acroas the prairie, I bep to the left along tlie ridga till you I pass twa clumps of cuca busheB — there I they are. Another hour will bring me to. I the ranche, and a good job too. The I whisky's done, the 'baccy' s running out, I did I'm about sickV. 'of lying around ? tnd knowing no,?aii.more that a I coyote where my next day's rations ? ere to come from.- If Harding has I 1 struck lie,' as they^ seemed to think liown Kansas way, I'fi'*e. in clover by this I time to-morrow, or my; name isn't Gordon I Lorce. There's a longislk score to settle I between Harding and 'lite, and; he's bound I to make an old pal wejtJptne, anyway.' I He repeated the last words once ox I twice, laughing softly to himself, as he I lighted his pipe and urged his tired horse I forward. I Another hour's riding brought him to a I rough track. The ground on the right fell ? away suddenly, forming a little valley, I sheltered on two sides by the natural walls I of the ravine. The hollow was dotted over I with buildings and plots of ground en I closed by strong fencing. I ?? Good position,' commented Mr. Lorce, I u he leisurely descended the slope ; ' nice I stock place, and plenty of well fenced feed ? lots. Harding' s in luok. There' b money I in this ranche, and I mean to have my I pickings.' I Once on level ground the track widened I Into a regular road, apparently dividing I (tables and feed lots from the home ?place. I Lores walked his horse slowly along, I mentally noting and appraising the value of I the property. ' It hasn't cost a little to I finish up this fencing,' he thought, with a I keen glance at the tight plank enclosure I oa Us left. ' There's been a lot of money I put into the place. It wont be long, I I gnesB, before some comes out again. I've i 1 teen living short for the last six months, 1 I and low water don't suit my constitution. 1 1 shan't be sorry to have the fingering of B Eudmg'B dollars.' ? Hi« reflections were broken by the sound ? et reices and the soft thud of hoofs over Wtili ...-..,:? I 'Put tip the %arrJakei'cried someone I it no great distance, ' and Til bring him I Wttnd,again.' _,.?', _^ .... ..... „..-.. ? - - I Twenty yards ahead was a slight rise in I the ground, j Lores pushed forward and I standing up in his stirrups, looked over I into the paddock. I Across a leaping bar a girl was schooling I & young horse, handling the hot-blooded I chestnut with a skill and judgment that I evoked silent commendations from the I cpectator on the other Bideof the fence. I Gordon Lorce was no mean judge of eithe I a horse or a -vroman, and he watched with I lirely interest the-straggle going forward I between the ' mustang'; and.its rider. I Seren times the horee refused. Eight I times the girl brought )''i back to the I obstacle, with a steady command of seat I and temper, 'which -was proof against the I animal's desperate efforts to rid himself of I the incubus on his back. At last moral I force prevailed over brute obstinacy. The I mustang surrendered at discretion and new I the bar, jumping like a cat, with good two I feet to spare. I Lsrce drew a quick breath of satie I faction. I ' fiarl P* lifi fviAp.nla.'fcefi antiroviTiD'lir. I 'She can ride, that young -woman. What ? tandB she's got, and what a seat. There ? iln't many petticoats, even in the States,! I that could sit a buck- jumper like that. She: I &Q8t; have been bred in the saddle, and as' I good looking as they make 'em too.' ? He paused, critically surveying the! I girl's supple', well-developed figure, as she! I leaned forward to speak to .the lad whq| I was adjusting the bar. She was not more: ? W 20 yards away, and Loroe could see* I tiat she was quite young, about 17 or 18,' ? ie judged, and above the average height.' I 6he -was « strikingly handsome brunette, I *ith clear, warm coloring and really I magnificent brown eyes. ' Her shapely: ? taad waB well poised on a firm. The'; ? vhite toeok, thick, curly hair, twisted: I into a tpceat knot, and pinned securely I under a wide-brimmed feljF hat/ I She wore a short, serviceable riding I skirt, much, the worse for wear, ? end the remainder of her costume in I so way differed from that of the boy at I tar side. It consisted of a blue shirt, with ? » torn-down collar, seoured at the waist I Va strong leather belt. ... I 'As good looking as they make 'em,', I ^peated Lorce, admiringly. ' Clean built,: I Sound as Ja bell, and fit as a fiddle. Be-, I Wgs to the place, evidently. The question I k, who is she* A second wif e* or — — P I i^o, too young and too well-bred. There's I p likeness to someone— I've seen that face I before, if I could only ? pat a name to it. I phy ? .' a light seemed to break in upon I aim, and t* brought ids hand down I smartly on hie thigh. 'I have it. Lord I I ^'d forgotten now the years slip by. It's I ^ttle Lezrie. Little Lorrie grown into .as I daisy a girl bs^ you'd find between here and 'Frisco. That!s 'the VaHanoe mouth &nd; chin to a ^e. ^siie^raB the oW; chap's own daagnW shs-obuldn't l-e mote like him.. Itfs astonishing how the blood comes out* .Education be blowed! Itfs treeding £hat tells. Yoa'd swear anywhere that girl «ame of good stock, yet her mother -was a baUei danoer, and I'll lay. &y; bottom dolla* she hasn't had eohooling enough to pass && sixth standard. Fancy 1 i . littleTCorrie grown Into » 'woman. Bow she used to hate me. Little Lorciei' ! The name evoked a vision, of a shabby, ill-kept room, misty with the fumes of to bacoo and whisky, and of a tiny, dark eyed child, hardly more than a baby, who had struggled fiercely to- escape from his . Strong grasp, striking at him with impotent little fists, and crying that he was an ugly man, who made Daddy cross, and . she. wouldn't kiss him; no, not if he killed her for it. 'I'd clean forgotten the child,' he mused, as he turned into - the. road again. « This will complicate matters. Harding was fond of her as a kid j he'll be proud of her now, and unl«B he's strangely altered in 14 years he'll resent the screw. I ex pected him to stand up a bit for Jiwwnol^. but I reckon he'll fight for the girL' The owner of Fairwater ranche was standing at the door when his uninvited guest dismounted, a tall, well-built man, with a certain undennable somethiug about him — that stamp and hall mark of the English public school which no inequalities of fortune can wholly obliterate from him on whom it has been set. Tears of hard living, and too liberal indulgence in stimu lants, had left their traces on a face that had once been singularly handsome; but: despite the deterioration of the classes and the levelling tendencies of compulsory education, the lines of demarcation axe still strongly defined, and even in his rough and ready dress, innocent of the civilising influences of a linen collar and the use of ' Day and Martin,' Dace Harding; carried the cachet of that much-misused claeaifaotory term — the gentleman. 'He hasn't altered much. I'd have known him anywhere,' was Lorce's com-; ment, as he swung himself out of the: saddle. His own individuality was less certain since Harding had palpably -f^jinrj. to recognise him at the first glanoe. 'Your memory is shorter than mine, uaoe, ne saia wicu a xaugn; 'or else time has used me worse than I fancied. I hardly thought you'd want an introduction., No need to ask how you've been getting on these 14 years. Your luck's turned at laBt.: I heard down Kansas way that you'd made your pile and gone in for ranching, and I said to myself, ' Harding isn't the chap to turn Ms back on an old pal, leastways not: such a pal as me ; I'll look him up.* So here I am. You know me now, don't you?' At the sound of the well-remembered; voice, Hoarding's expression had changed; from mere curiosity to one of blank dis-j ! may, giving place by quiok transitions to! ! anger, disguBt, and something very like | fear. He opened his lips to speak, hesi tated, and passed Ms hand across Ms mouth with the nervous action of a man suddenly confronted by an unforeseen and unsuspected danger. Lorce watched Mm with silent amuse ment. He possessed a strong sense of humor. «« You're a d ? bad actor, Dace,' he remarked, pleasantly. ' You'd have been no good for » The Diplomatic ' you'd Btayed at home like a good boy and made use of his Grace, old Bottleneck's influence. You might as well relieve your feelings, and say you wish me at blazes. I don't bear malice. ? I'm a man*of the world, and know when we come to the surface, we don't care about meeting the pals we made when we ' went under.' But you're a man bf the world, too, and you know, or ought to,. that it's ' needs must when the devil driveB.' His Satanic Majesty has driven me pretty hard the last few months, and I've got to live somehow. When I heard jthat you'd ? touched color,' I saw my way to making a bit, either in the shape of a little timely assistance from an old chum j {who's had a run of lock and can afford to ?be generous, or,' he paused, studying 'Harding's countenance attentively before ?he added, ' or as the price of a secret wMch is made worth my While to keep.' ' A hot flush rose on the younger man's bronzed^J|soe, and the fingers of his left hand olenohed involuntarily. ' It's a bit top late in- the day for that game, li&rSS.; I haven't gone about these 114 years'' without learning a thing or two, and I' fino^better than to let myself be gagged. %»[ a blackmailer. You'd had enough out of me in all conscious before we dissolved partnership. It was your own proposition. You wouldn't have left me until you knew I was cleaned out. We agreed to go our own ways, and you have no more claim oh me than I have on you. I tell you frankly that I have broken with the old life, and I don't care to revive association, with the past. If yon. are hard up, I'm willing to help you with a trifle, as I'd help, any fellow who was down on Ms luck j but I'll be hanged if I stir a finger for you or any other man -who tries to intimidate me. My position is not -what it was 14 years ago, my friend.' ' That* s so,' . assented Lorce $ ' you'd precious little character to lose in those days, and no coin worth mentioning. But you have property now, and sort of posi tion, and-^-a. daughter, to consider. Yon or you'd have known better than to invest your money within reach of the extradi jtddh treaty. I've seen little. Lorrie. She's !a handsome girL She'd run a poor chance, |lef t to take care of herself, wiiile her father was in qu — —' There was no mistaking the feat in, Harding' s eyes now, and the hand he laid1 on Lorce's arm was shaking sensibly. ' Come inside,' he said abruptly j 'we oan't talk here.' _ ' True for you,' was the laconic reply. 'There's no knowing who might overhear.* Let's have^the matter out quietly. I'm; willing enough, to keep things pleasant! but business is businesB^yon know. What shall I do with the mare t' SilenUy Harding led the way to the stables. He was striving to fight down the dread at bis heart, the oold sense of coming evil which made Mm 'feel physi-. cally and aotoally sick ; striving to assure himself that he b^ reaBy .no*h5ag to fear, that the ghost of a long past crime had not risen after all these years to haunt him with the ever-pnreent terr o» of exposure. * He was oonsciouB--ioriibiy oonsoious — that Lorce's eyes were €xed on Ms face : that this man who had onee been Ids con fidant and. eompanlon- jfr#s ri&fcdmg; Mm like an open book, weU knowing that Mo idotim w*e heVplew, and must in the and ?nrrendex to any terms he ohose to dio *»*»» ?-?'??? -'-:-. . ''.': ???:;? ?.'?.'.?? .vV^ . ' ??'????' 