3&o;£3' Column. Wagner' as a Boy.—Wilheim -"Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March 22.1813. "Whenhe -was nine, he wenttO'-school', where he was the despair of the teacher who''in structed him in music; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized e'very opportn - nity of repeating the melodies th'at bfeliad heard,-especially those of " Der Freischute," which had already kindled his powerful im* agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek' and Latin were his favorite studies, buthis heart was really in;nt>ne of, these, for he had '■&\- secrefr'aim that absorbed' all his' thoughts and feelings—he was a poet 1 In his eleventh year he wohaprize for tjie best peem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translatedthe1 first' twelve books of the' Odyssey. He-tatight hftnself EngUah,' and immediately became eo absorbed ih Shake speare that he decided to .write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and daring this period he contrived to kill off forty-t^o people in his dranm. He was 'forced to re lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last sat in- order to "have performers enough to pl*y the. parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where he had b^en living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he, had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, -that he was put back a class this so> discouraged him that he- gave himself en tirety to his tragedy. When he had nearly finishted it he first heard Beethoven's music. Thietad so strong afi influence over him that he.determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book On thorough bass to prepare himself-for th'p task. So fascinated did he become with the «tudy, that he de : termined.tii.be a p^et ; no longer, but thiat tousic.ehould hav&:fce devotion of his life. When, hfefamiiy learned otthe tragedy, they trare miioh'froublfed, for they felt it Was the cause of <hia. backwardness at school; btlt When they found him to be writing music, they "Were in despair, for they believsd.it to -be nothing morfe,than a fancy* and that-it might do the boy great hartn. He was not toTO discouraged, how6 var, and cOniposed in secret. But "at last ho was placed under the instruction pf Theodore -Wein'lig, a man Btee'ped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.—Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must liv_e without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would they say to the boat-dwel lers of Japan? In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring' up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un usual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if nqt thousands, of small craft called " junks." These are small-,'flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses arc in other part6 of the world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and'their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am "told that., notwith standing their aptness at swimming, many1' boatmen get drowned, for no boat ever goes to another's aid, nor will any boatman save . any other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some, way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward. in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teaser! and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah I it i§ in reading and learning about the people of other lands that we find how much we have to love and be thankfnl for in the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such freque*t baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and. crowded streets of our creat cities was to be pr^frirred to th.it oE the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. —1 had singled out as" my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that bead, and to carry it Bast with me as a trophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my . wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill-into his side whenever he swerved enough to give.me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap ont of his course add landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to bis knees, snapping the bone of Bis leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what'shaken "up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger Beemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that 1 could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling op, the hard prairie like the bones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirty tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He wa£ as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to anln who is not properly unsezed. An Old War-Horse-—The Key* J. G. Wood, the well-known English writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse : " Same years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who was •tone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however; heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as be was, ha sprang off at full speed, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where the regi ment went the horse went^ when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the manoeuvres. " After the review was over the office™ ^crowded round the old horse, who evidently h&d; belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The ofieia, however, were refused." The world ia so cold, love (1 really oan't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh I won't there be strife) 1 And yours shall be mine, dear (Oh, Lord; Here's my wife I) " A. font is a baptismal basin in ohnrch, isn't it, father f" asked young Sharpihins. " Yes," returned the old gentleman, ■hortly. " Then why is a set of printers' type flailed a fent ?" enquired yocog S. ** Booause so many authors gain a through it." 