was it a ghost'they' SAW: Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No, Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Paurot , ; boards with her. The house is an old one; l>nb j * in good, order. One night early in Dteeuitoer (181)1) the two women locked all tlie door* aud went' o the theatre, leaving not a soul itf housed They left the gas burning, however;, in " •' the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughiivg and talkinc. But as they went into the parlour ■ the merry Tuimour died out of them in a second. j flight fti the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature, The' upper part of his face was concealed by a mayk, hia eyes gleam iug through the eyeholes iu it. His shirt sleeves were rolled' up,- aud in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Tho : women fled screaming from the room, and when ! Mr. Jennings came in live minutes later he ! found no one in the parlour and all tlie doors and windows securely locked. What waa it tho women aaw? ** During a receut period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud denly aroused from a dose by what stemtd likt the callhifj of my name ; and at tlie foot of the Al ■ bed stood the image of my mother just as she < * looked live years before, as she was leaving 1 \- home to go ou a journey, on which ]ourney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it waa r summons and I would never get well. Yet . I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that .vision-came of my weak nerves, for I've \- never peeu it since, aud it's more than three years ego now." No doubt it wa& the nerves. Why, there's : . no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on yon when your system 13 out of condition. In March, 1SU0, it was that Mrs .lane Foster, of . Darracott Road; Pokcsdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wisli them far away in case I should . call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was ofteu a severe pain iu my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My 8kin was .dry and yellow, and the stomach and ■ bowels felt cold and dead. By-ftnd-bye I had * to lie helpless iu bed. -The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that ?. on my stomach. By this time I wa3 nothing but .akin and bone. My memory completely ;* failed. My head ached bo dreadfully I thought £ SI should lose my senses, and my friendsagreeil that T would never get better. r. • •u riiad given up all hope, when one day Mrs -West, of Bournemouth, called ami asked what 5 was taking. She fold nic she was herself once tjust as badly off, and waa cured by Mother r.. J&eigors; Curativo Syrup. As she seemed to ■: 'have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the , 1 - room, and by the end of the week I went down-1 • stairs. Now I am us well as ever, I c*n cat and digest my food, and all my mrvousoess has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from waa indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra-. tion, Tho original cause was erief and shock ■ at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and she system rallied only when the Syrup had niven new vigour to the digestion ! and thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tlie Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny viiioiis nad sound* mean nothing more or less :- thau a set of nerves all upset by indigestion ard £,dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the insula of the X person who sees them, and when Mother Seigol'a fjyrup does its work the eyesand ears entertain , only \vl at is natural and wholesome. A CiUitiTAULU Bkqukst.—Under the will . of lira. Elisabeth Grose, of Sydney, who died in August Inst, Urn hulk of her property, winch was swor > at £20,375, is left in trust to ho realised and divided equally amongst • the following institutions:—Sydney Foundling Hospital, the flome for Destitute \- Infants, Industrial Institution for the Blind, fe. heRi<zg d Schools, Society for the Relief of » Destitute Children the Jsew South Wales Deaf, Dumb and Blind Institution, and fcho Sydiiey Hospital, •DtiAFNItSS AND NoiSK-S IN TJIK Hj.'AI), CUl'Cd Ut the patient's homu. ThU llluatruted Edition also treats on tho uurc. of Cat«irr!i, Bruuuhitia, A*thma, Kxteme iStontness. Indigestion, Dya* pepsiu, Itlieuiriatisiii, by Medie- Sleutrieity.— 4d. K. t>. liitioirr, Publisher, 20, Batlibone I I'lucc, London, Enj'Uind. I 