Tin Mining in Selan^or. INTERESTING LETTER FROM A GYMPIEITE. A young and well-known Gympioite, Mr. Thomas H. Bath, sends ub tho follow ing highly interestjng letter dosorip tivo of tin mining in Solangor, (a stato in tho Malay Penin sula, under British protection,) and tho habits, customs, etc of tho Ohincso miners. The lcttor is dated Sungei Besi, July 22: 'To the Editor, — Dear Sir, — Boing a native of dear old Gynipio, and having many friends thero, it oo ourred to mo that it would be of abmo interest to your readers to give thorn some insight, - as far as I havo observed, into tho Chinese habits and customs in this distant part of Her Majesty's dominions. I left tho Rftub Australian syndicate's mines at Puhang upwards of twelve months ago, and shortly after took charge of a tin mine in this .State of Selangor. It is owiiod and workod exclusively by Chineso, is ono of tho largest in the Stato, and at present omploys 1000 coolies. ' I seldom see a whito faco unless I happen to drivo into Kwala Sumpur, four teen miles distant, which is, perhaps, onoe a fortnight, and ut times ohco a month. ' Through mixing constantly with the OhinoBO, many things aro explainod Co me whioh a casual obsorvor would never find out. I have learned to speak tho Hakka dialect of Chinese fairly well, and can ' yabber ' a bit in the Buntoo or Canton dialect. ' If a European wanted to master all' the 'Chinese dialects, I' should,; say he would want to livo to the age of Methuso lah, Unless ho was a genius in that' line. It appears to mo like mastoring tho diil'or ont European languages in addition to one's mother tonguo. Of the coolies working for ino there are Hakka, Buntco, Fokein, Show Choo, and HilamB, About one third of them aro Hakkas., It is a common thing hore to hear Chinese making uso of the Malay language for interchange of thought with ono another. ' In this small Stato of about 3000 squaro miles thoro are over 130,000 Chin ese, and for a long time past there has boon1 a monthly influx of one to two thousand of them, and thoro is a largo influx. of them ' to tho other Statos, notably Porak. It is easy to see that ihoy will elbow or starve out the other racos, more particularly tho. Malay, on account of the lattor's lazy '? habits. Thero may bo about 20,000 Malays hero, also a good many Tamils and Sikhs, and a sprinkling of othor Eastern races. ' Tho number of Chinoso horo gives it the appearance of a Chinoso country ; ono looks in vain hero for the beautiful Kam pongs (Malay villages) that line tho bunks of the Prthang rivers. ? About two thirds of the Chinese in this atato aro ongaged in tin mining, but in fact noarly tho wholo aro directly or indirectly dopondont upon it for a living. Tho ground is all paddockod . out from what wo call surfacoing in Aus tralia to various depths down to 100 or 90 feet; one can imagine that it must be vory rich to pay for stripping such an enormous ovarburdon. In the mine I am in thero is ninety feet of stripping done for 12 foot of wash and wo tako it out about 400 foot wide. I have' driven out part of it on timber whoro chowashis about thu height of tho drivo, which is the only work of tho kind so far done in the State. Tho deep ground is 'all very wet and drifty and is vory dimculc to take out in safoty with coolie labor. The wholo of this ovor-burthen is lifted in ketchi's (small shovel-shaped baskets). Each coolie carries two ketchios slung on a bamboo ; he puts about a shovelful of dirt into thorn and thon walks up out of the paddock on long spars with steps cut into them, and he often goes 100 yards furthor bofore de livering his loud, and then trots down another spar to refill. ' In many paddocks thoro are hundreds of these coolies, and to an onlookor the scone looks liko a lot of ants on un'aufc hill. The coolies rocoivo 32 couts and the capellas (Chinese bossos) 80 couts per day. They also receive their niakan (tucker), , which consists of rice, salt fish with a vory strongsmoll, and a fow vegetables wliiclicust tho towkays (wellto do Chinoso) about 15 cents por day, ut the present rale of exchange 4id. ' The Ulune80 aro an oxtromoly supersti tious raco and say that a pair of boots or an umbrella will frighten alvay die tin and will not let 9110 down the mines with them. I believe I mn tho only person in tho Stato that goes down with r nfi boots on; I had some trouble with the-.n at first and only four of my rovolvor kept them from ejec1 ing me ; on a fow occasions it tieklod my fancy to seo the mining, inspector calmly pulling off his boots to descend thoir paddocks. They aro awfully frightened of ghosts and will not leave; tho Kongsi (com pany's coolie quurtors) 'after dark for fear of mooting ono. If ft man is sick and likely to dio they put him outside tho Kougsi ; if hii happens to dio insido the Kongsi thoy tako out a slab or two and tako him out, tha^way fearing if they took him through' the '^obr his spirit might know the way back and might take it into his ghostship's head to pay sumo one a visit. Each company koapsa man; to do nothing but pray to Joss' for thjkbenofit Of tho Coolies unS, thomsGlj^sjjfethoy find them crackors, pr.iyer papers', wax' candles, and inconso sticks and now and then a piooo of pork and a fowl. If whon work ing a piece of ground givo3 way wo havo a prayer and crackers to stop any further full. The whoshoni,' (Chinese priest) is looked down upon by the Coolies, und after tho prayor is ovor the meanest Coolio will not deign to speak to him ; ho wears no pigtail and his head is shaved us clean ns a billiard ball aud ho wears a long cloak roachiiig down to his heols. 'A Chinese coolie stole sonio articles from mo and the ono. 1 suspected und charged with the theft ollored to cut off a cock's head, blow out a mutch, or break a HHUCor in proof of his innononoe ; beforo tho trial camo on ono of the coolies udvisod me to bring him to 1 ho Joss houso and see whether he would cut the cook's hoad off thero, but ho refusod to doit with tho JoBs'soyoon him. I fancy that is a wrinklo for some of our colonial J.P.'s how to got tho truth from tho Chineso. The Chinese aro fur away tho wealthiest people in Solangor, aud have tho whole of the tin mining in thoir hands, and ' thoy own tho finest buildings and busiuosa sites in Kwala Sumpur, tho chief town of , the State, and havo built a Jo«s house which- onst- 40,000 dollars. The towkays aro to bo soon in tho cool of the ovoning driving around tho esplanade in carriages and pairs, and oven four-in-hands, with Malay ooaoh and footmen in gorgeous uniforms. Some of them are members of tho Munioipal Council, and also hold seatson the sanitary boards. Tho Captain China is ojooted by tho Ohinose, and looks after their intorost with tho Government. The Chinese Indies- woar tho loose coutatnl j'ickotB liko tho males, and I havo soe/i some womon of tho poorer class carrying biggor loads than tho men. I oflon meet some of tho uppor class ladies with ono £mull foot, hobbling along as if thoy had a wooden leg ; ib looks as if the foot was cut off at the anklo, and hihdors thorn a lob in walking, bub it is considered a mark of boftuty (!) 41 The Bubus or Str-iits born Cliini'so speak Malay liko unlives, und tliuro are a good many of thorn that both read und write English woll, and arc considered far omai'tor clerks than the Eurneiana ; moat 0 m tho banks and ofiioos aW.flllod with them. Thoir ladios woar tho long jacket und sarong liko tho Malay womon. Thoro are also a good many Chinese horo from Cali fornia, and oan ' guoss and calculate ' with any Yankee. Wo havo also a fow Aus tralian Chinese, who are all in a groat stew because thoy will not bo lot go baok. I must now draw to a close, hoping I havo not trespassed too much on tho space of your valuablo paper.' ? ^^ 