SALF A PLANET. [By Rev. T. Dx Wrrr Tauiage.] 'Lift up thine eyes Westwards' — Deut. 111. 27\. So God said to Moses in Bible times, and so he said to Christoforo Colombo, the son of awool-oomberofGenoa, more than 400 years ago. The nations had been looking chiefly toward the Bast. The sculpture of the world, the architecture of the world, the laws of the world, the philosophy of the world, the civilisation of the world, the religion of the world came from the East. But while Columbus, as his name was ^*.11«.J1 ? «f4.n« *4t mtaci T.o.-f.iniaGhrf fitOm studying map3 and examining globes and reading cosmography. God said to _him— 'Lift up thine eyes toward the West.' Ihe faot was, it must have seemed to Columbus a V6ry lop-sided world. Like a eart with one wheel, like a scissors with one blade, like a sack on one side of a camel needing a sack on the other side to balance it. |Here was a bride of a -world with no bridegroom. When God makes a half of any thing He does not stop there. He makes the other half. Weareallobligedsometimes to leave things only half done. But God never stops half way, because He has the time and the power to go all the way. I do not wonder that Columbus was not satisfied with half a world, and so went to work to find the other half. The pieces of carved wood that were floated to the shores of Europe by a weBterlyi gale, and two dead human faces, unlike anything he had seen before, likewise floated from the West, were to him the voice of. God, saying — 'Lift up thine eyes toward the West.'5 But the world then, as now, had plenty of can'tbe done'e. Thatiswhatkeepsindividdalsback,and enterprises baok, and the church back, and nations back — ignominious and disgusting and disheartening can't be-tkme'e. Old navigators said to young Columbus, 'It can't be done.' The Republic of Genoa said, 'It can't be done.' Alphonso 'V. said, 'It can't be done.' A committee on maritime [affairs, to whom the subject was submitted, declared 'It can't be done.' Venetians said, 'It can't be done.' But the father of Columbus's wife died, leaving his widow a large number of sea charts and maps, and as if to condemn the slur that different ages put upon mothersin law, the mother-in-law of Columbus gave him the navigator's materials, out of which he ciphered America. After a while the story of this poor but ambitious Columbus reaches the ear of Queen Isabella, and she pays 80 dollars to buy him a decent suit of clothes, so that he may be fit to appear before Royalty. The interview in the palace was euccesafuL Money enough was borrowed to fit out the ex pedition. There they are, -the three ships, in have been the most famous boats of the world, I would say, first, Noah's ship, that wharfed on Mount Ararat; eecond, the boat of bul rushes, in which Moses floated the Nile ; third, the Mayflower that put out from Plymouth with the Pilgrim Fathers ; and now these three vessels that on this, the Friday morning, August 3, 1492, are rocking on the ripples. I am so glad it is Friday, so that the prows of those three ships shall first of all ran down the superstition that things begun or voyage started on Friday must necessarily prove disastrous. Show me any Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Saturday that ever accomplished as muoh as this expedition that started on Friday. With the idea that there will be perils connected, the Sacrament of the Lord's Sapper is administered. . Do not forget that this voyage was begun- under religious auspices. .. : There is the Santa Maria, 'only 90 ft. long, with four masts and eight anchors.: The captain walking the deck is 57 years old, his hair white, for at 35 he was grey, and his face is round, his nose -aquiline, and his statore a little taller than the average. I know from his decided step and the set of his jaw that he is a determined man. That isCaptain^Christopher Columbus. Nearby, but far enough off notto run into each other, are the smaller ships, the Pinta and the Nina, about large enough and safe enough to cross the -Hudson River or the Thames in good weather. Therearetwodoctors in this fleetof ships, andafew landsmen, adven turers who are ready to risk their neoks in a wild expedition i There are enough provisions for a year. ' Captain Columbus, where are you sail ing for?' 'I do not know.' 'How long before you will get there?' ' I cannot say.' 'All ashore that are going,' is heard, and those who wish' to remain go to the land. Now the anchors of the three ships are being weighed, and the ratlines begin to rattle and the sails to unfurl. The wind is dead east, and it does not take long to get out to sea. In a few hours the adventurers wish they had not started. The ships begin to roll and pitch. Oh, it Is such a delightful sensation for lands men. They begin to bother Captain Columbus with questions. They want to know what he thinks of the weather. They want to know when he thinks he will probably get there. Every time when he stands taking observations of the sun with an astrolabe they wonder what hesees and asks more questions. The crew are »thergrouty. Someof themeameonunderfour months' advance pay and others were im pressed into the service. For 16 days the wind is dead east, and that pleases the cap tain, beoauee it blows them further and further away from the European coast and further on toward the shore of another country— if there is any. After a while there comes a calm day, and the attempt is made to fathom the ocean, and they cannot touch bottom though the line and lead run down 200 fathoms. More de lightful sensations for those who are not good Bailors! A fathom is 6 it, and 200 fathoms 1.200 ft., and below that it mav be manv hundred feet deeper. To add interest to the voyage, on the twentieth day out a violent storm sweeps the sea, and the Atlantic Ocean tries what it can do with the Santa Maria, the Pinta, and the Nina. Some of you know something of what a eea can do with the TTmbria, the Majestic, the Teutonic, and the City of Paris, and yon must imagine what the ocean could do with those three email ships of olden time. You may judge what the ocean was then by what it is now — it has never changed its habits. It can smile like the morn ing, but often it is the Archangel of Wrath, and its most rollicking' fun is a shipwreck. The mutinous crew would have killed Colum bus had it not been the general opinion on shipboard that he was the only one that could take them back home in safety. The promise of a' silk waistcoat and 40 dollars in money to the man who should fir&t; discover land appeased them somewhat, but the in dignation and blasphemy and threats of assassination must have been awfuL Yet God sustained the great sailor commanding the Santa Maria. Every evening on shipboard they had prayers and sung a vesper hymn. But after all the patience of those on board the ships had been exhausted, and the great cap tain or admiral had been eureed by evety anathema that human lips oould frame, one night a sailor saw a light moving along the shore, and then moving up and down, and then disappearing. On Friday morning at 2 o'clock, just long enough after Thursday to make sure that it was Friday, and so give another blow at the world's idea of unlucky days— on Friday morning, October 12, 1492, a gun from the Pinta signalled ' Land ahead ! ' Then the ships lay to, and the boats were lowered, and Captain Christopher Columbus first stepped upon the shore and took posses sion in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. So the voyage that began with the sacrament ended with Gloria in Excdsis Deo. From that day onward you say there can be nothing for Columbus but honors, rewards, rhapsodies, palaces, and world-wide applause. . No, no 1 On bis way back to Spain the ship was so wrenched by the tempest and so threatened with destruction that he wrote a brief aeoonnt of hie. discovery and put it in a cask, and threw it overboard, that -the world might nob lose the advantage of his ad ventures. Honors awaited him on the beach, but he undertook a second voyage, and with it came aU maligning and persecution and de nunciation and poverty. He was called & landgrabber, a liar, a cheat, a fraud, a deceiver of nations. Speculators robbed him of his good name, courtiers depreciated his dis coveries, and there came to him ruined health and imprisonment and chains, of which he said while he rattled them on his wrists : ' I will wear them as a memento of the gratitude of princes.' Amid keen appreciation of the world's abuse and cruelty, and with body writhing in tbe tortures of gout), he groaned out his last words: 'In manus tuas Domine commendo spirttum meum,' ' Into Thy hands, O Lord, I commend my spirit.'-' Of course he had regal obsequies. That is the way the world tries to atone for its mean treatment of great benefactors. Many a man has had a fine ride to his grave who during this life had to walk all the way. A big funeral, and instead of bread they give him a stone, that is a tombstone. But death that brings quiet to the body of others did not bring quiet to his. First buried in the church of Santa Maria, seven years after ward removed to Seville, twenty-three years afterward removed to San Domingo, finally removed to Cuba. Four post- mortem journeys from sepulchre to sepulchre. But ' the bright noonday sun of that old sailor's prosperity went down in thickest night, and though here and there a monument had been lifted in his memory, and here and there a city called after him, the continent that he was the means of finding was named after another name and no fitting commemora tion of his work has been proposed until nearly four hundred years after his body turned to dust. What most impresses me in all that wondrous life is something I have never heard stated, and that is that the dis covery of America was a religious discovery, -and in the name of God. Columbus, by the study of the prophecies and by what Zeoharioh and Micah and David and Isaiah had said about the 'ends of the earth,' was persuaded to 'go out and find the 'ends of the earth,' and he felt himself called by God to carry Christianity to the ' ends of the earth.' 1 Then, the administration of the Last Supper before they left the Gulf of Cadiz, and the evening prayers during the voyage, and the devote ascription as soon as they saw the new world, and the doxologies with which they landed, confirm us in sating that the discovery of America was a religious discovery. Atheism has no right here; infidelity has no right here; vagabondism has no right here. And as God is not apt to fail in any of His undertakings (at any rate, I have never heard of His having any thing to do with a failure), America is going to be Goapelised, and from the Golden Grate of California to the Narrows of New York Harbor, and from the top of North America to the foot of South America, from Behring Straits to Cape Horn, this is going to be Immanuel's Land. AU the forms of irre ligion and abomination that have eureed other parts of the world will land here — yea, they have already landed— and they will wrangle for the possession of this hemisphere, and they will make great headway and feel themselves almost established. But God will not forget the prophecies which encouraged Columbus about the 'ends of the earth seeing the sal vation of God,' nor the Christian anthem which Columbus led on the morning of October 12th, 1492, on the coast of San Salvador. Like that flock of land birds which met the Santa Maria and the Pinta and the Nina far oub at sea, indicating to the com mander of thatfleet that they were approaching some country, so a whole flock of promises and hopes, golden-winged and eongful, alight :around as, assuring us that we are approaching the glorious period of American evangelisation. . That greati Italian navigator also impresses me with the idea that when one does a good thing he cannot appreciate its ramifications. To the moment of his death Columbus never knew that he had discovered America, but thought that Cafea was a part of Asia. He thought the island Hispaniola was the Ophir of Solomon. He thought he bad only opened a new way to old Asia. Had he known what North and South America were and are, and that he had found a country 3,000 miles wide, 10,000 miles long, of 17,000,000 square miles, and four times aa large as Europe, the happiness would have been too much for mortal man to endure. He had no idea that the time would come when a nation of 60,000,000 people on this side of the sea would be joined by all the in telligent nations on the other side the eea for the most part of a year reciting his wonderful deeds. It took centuries to reveal the result of that one Transatlantic voyage. So it has always been. Could Paul, on that June day, when he was decapitated, have- - had any idea of what effect) his letters and tbe account of his life would have on Chris tendom? Could Martin Luther have had any idea of the echoes that would ring through the ages from the bang of his hammer nailing the Latin theses against a church door at Wit tenberg? Could Eli Whitney have realised the continents of wealth that would be added to the South by ths invention of bis cotton gin? Could John Guttenberg, toiling, year after year,, makings type, and laboriously .. setting them side by side, and with presses changed now this way and now that, and sued by John Faust for money loaned, and many of the people trying to cheat Guttenberg out of his invention, he toiling on until he produced what is known as the Mazarin Bible, have any idea that as a result of his invention there would be libraries that, placed side by side, would again and again engirdle the earth ; or the showers of newspapers that enow the world under? When Manhattan Island was sold to the Dutch for 24 dollars neither they who sold or bought could have foreseen New York the commercial metropolis of America that now stands on it. Can a man . who preaches a sermon or a woman who dis tributes tracts, or a teacher who instructs a das?, or a passer-by who utters en couraging words, realise the infini tudes of .^useful result? The teacher at Harrow School who toiled with William Jones, the most stupid boy in school, and at the foot of his class, did not know that he was fitting for his work the greatest Oriental scholar of modern times, his statue now in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. Every move you make for God, however insignificant in your eyes, cr in the eyes of others,~touchEs worlds larger than the one Columbus dis covered. Why talk about unimportant things? There are no unimportant things. Infinity is made up of infinitesimals. On a clear night the smallest dewdrop holds a star. Each one of you is at the centre of the universe, and all you Bay and do -somehow vibrates to the extreme of that universe in all directions. X promise everlasting renown to those who will go forth with Christian and sympathetic words. After the battle of- Copenhagen, Nelson, the admiral, went into a hospital and baited* at the bed of a wounded sailor who had lost bis arm and said. 'Well, Jack, what is the matter with you ?' and the sailor replied, ' LoBt my right arm, your honor ;' and Nelson looked down at his empty sleeve and said, *' Well, Jack, then you and I are both- spoiled for fishermen. Cheer up, my brave fellow !' and that sympa thetic word cheered the entire hospital. Before you die you can, out of your own misfortunes, cheer a hundred souls and start unending echoes. You can no more appreciate the far reaching results of your life than Columbus could eeethis continent from arctic to antarctic. I say this not to make you proud and arrogant, but to make you tremble with your responsi bilities, and to put you on your guard as to what you do and what you say. 