THE NEW COSTERFIELD METALS EXTRACTING AND GOLD MIN ING C02IPANY. _ The quiet mining village of Costerfield held high holiday on Thursday last, and it had good reason for so doing. Since the closing of the Costerfield antimony mines, it might well have been named the deserted village in which only a little stir was caused once a week by the visit of wood splitters on their half-holiday outing. Now, however, all that is to be changcd in the near future. Costerfield in all proba bility will soon be a thriving township, aiul Ileathcote cannot fail of being benefited as well, the two places being so intimately associated. All this is to happen by a resuscitation of the mining industry, and the precursor of this happy alteration of circumstances is seen in the starting of the New Costerfield Metals Extract ing and Gold Mining Company. This event was celebrated on Thursday in grand style. The day was observed as a holiday. Flags fluttered gaily in the breeze and from the poppet - heads of the mines and Hag poles of the stores and dwellings, while the lusty throated school children were let out for the day to swell the chorus of general joy. The visitors from Melbourne included Mr. and ? Mrs. R. Beeston and Mr. Beeston, junr., Mr. H. M. Fielder, of Messrs. Fielder and Wharton, the legal manager, and Mr. James Kemp, for merly of Costerfield; from Bendigo, Messrs. Liddell, of the pyrites works, Mr. J. I). Crofts, legal manager, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gr»inger, mining inspector, and Mr. N. Kennedy; from Ballarat, Mr. Treloar, mining nvAnagor, and Ml-. W.J. Barton, of the Working Miners' Company, Homebush. The visitors from Heathcote in cluded Dr. and Mrs. Eslnr, Br. and Mrs. Bond, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Finter, Mr. and Mrs. Murdoch, Mr. and Mrs, Sandy, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis, Mr. and Mrs. Cocks, Mrs. Pammenter, Mr. and Mrs. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Rogerson, Messrs. Asher, Farley, Sangster, Oat away, Nicholson, Sims, Bradshaw, and others. By noon the gathering had assembled at the mine, where the new machinery had been erected, and everything being in readiness the interesting ceremony of christening*was pro ceeded with. This pleasing duty devolved upon Mrs. R. Beeston, and having hold of the customary bottle of champagne in her hand the signal was given for the machinery to start and, amidst the whirr of wheels and the cheers of . the assembly the bottle was broken over the ponderous fly-wheel, and the plant named the Phcenix, a most appropriate name under the circumstances. Thereafter, under the conductorship of Mr. Beeston, the managing director, the company inspected the various processes of treating the tailings for the extraction of the gold, antimony and silver in them, from the time they are received by the machinery until the refuse is washed away. Wonder and admiration were visible on every countcnance, for such a sight was a revelation in the way . of gold saving appliances, and gentlemen who have seen all the best of these stated that there was nothing like it in the colony. There was but one opinion ex pressed that Costerfield had at last got the machinery th?> was needed, so effective in its working that the most patient and industrious of Chinamen will not have the ghost of a show in making a living from the cast forth sedi ment. THE LUNCHEON. The christening ceremony having been com pleted, the machinery minutely inspected, and its working watched with the greatest interest for over an hour," the company, at the Invita tion of Mr. Beeston, adjourned to the Mecha nics' Institute, a neat little weatherboard struc tnre, where a choice luncheon was tastefully laid by the caterer, Mr. Debney, of Hcatlisote. About lOOladies and gentlemen sat down at the tables, and when full justice had been done to the good things provided, the speechifying 6ommenced. Mr. Beeston occupied the chair, and the Rev. H. Finter the vice-chair. The toast of "The Queeiv'having been heartily honored, Mr. W. Trcloar proposed the toast of "The Mining Industry," and in doing so, specially referred to the new appliances iii con nection with the machinery, the starting of which they had met to celebrate. He con sidered that they were the most perfect of their kind in the colony for treating refractory ores, and would save gold while all other methods failed to do so. The system was on tho lines adopted in North Queensland, where, as a acting-manager to the Goldfiekls of North Queensland, he had acquired experience of its great advantages. As the ores in North Queens land wero similar to those of this company, he was confident that in erecting the new appli ances, it had done the right thing. It was in Queensland that he had met and made the acquaintance of Mr. Field, one of the pioneers of Costerfield. That gentleman in the course of conversation spoke of his mining career in the district, and said that if ever he went back to it he would go into the treatment of the tailings on tho Queensland system, as there was a fortune in them. Acting on that hint, he (the speakeul found his way to Costerfield, with the result that he became interested in the pre sent company. He paid a high compliment to Mr. Beeston, the managing director, for the ad mirable way he had conducted the aft'air3 of the company, and felt suri that in his hands it won!-.] Drove most successful. Mr. "GrabfTMyin "a lengthy and humorous speech, responded io lbs toast, and congratu lated the company on the prospects before it. He said he was pleased to see that old Coster field was again coming to the front. Ho be lieved there was a great future in store tor it. Only the shallow gold and antimony had teen touched. The treasures of the deep sinking lay awaiting the future efforts of the miner, and payable metal had been found down even below 2,000 feet. For that knowledge the mining community were largely indebted to the enterprise of Mr. George "Lansell, of Bendigo, Mr. Treloar and Mr. Beeston were men of a similar stamp, and with such men in ' its. midst Costerfield had nothing to fear and everything to hops for. Years ago he had been down the company's mine, with Mr. Field, who was work ing in the'mine with Mr. Coster. It paid well then and he believed it would still fully meet all the expectations of the company by means of the improved methods of working. He re ferred to the fact that Ballarat and South Aus tralian capital had been invested largely in the mines at Costerfield and Redcastle, and such intimate connections with the sister colony would help to further the cause of federation. The vice-chairman proposed tho health of Mr. Beeston, and spoke in the highest terms of praise of that gentleman's enterprise itx conneei tion with .the district. A large responsibility had rested on him, and it must be satisfactory I to himself and the company to find that the new machinery had been successfully com pleted, worked so smoothly and was likely to realise the most sanguine wishes. The success of the company would prove a great stimulus : to the progress of Costerfield, and he most cor dially wished the company every success. The toast was received with all the honors. Mr. Beeston, on rising to respond, received a perfect ovation. He expressed hi3 heartfelt thanks for the kindly references to him and the good wishes for the company, and said he had spared no effort to put the company in the way of achieving success. The machinery which had been erected was the most perfect of its kind in the colonies, and some of the appliances were new inventions, in which he had the greatest confidence as a means of saving the finest gold, the silver and the antinomy. ; Mr. G. R. Rogerson, representative of Messrs Kennedy and Woodward, solicitors, Bendigo, in a few happy and complimentary remarks proposed the health of Mrs. Beeston, the right hand of her husband, and a lady who deserved all the kind things which could be said of her. The toast was drunk with cheer3, and Mrs. Beeston replied in a neat and pleasant little speech. The toast of the ladies was next humorously proposed by Dr. Esler, and found a fitting responder in Mr. A. Bradshaw. The health of "The Workmen" was proposed bv Mr. Barton, who congratulated Mr. Beeston oil having capable and reliable employes. The list of toasts having been completed and all the proceedings in connection with the cele bration having been terminated most satisfac torily to the visitors, they took their departure for Ileathcote, which they reached just before dark, and, without exception, expressed them selves as delighted with what they had seen, and the hospitable reception accorded them. In the evening, 011 the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. Murcott, of the Bank of Victoria, they, assembled under their hospitable roof, and had an exceedingly pleasant time. The young people at Costerfield"also extended the rejoicings late into the morning at a ball in the Mechanics' Institute at that place. THE MINE ANT) MACHINERY. The new company holds nn area under lease o£ 227 acres, exclusive of roads, and includes the ground at one time held by the Costerlield Com pany, North Costerfield Company, Minerva Company, Star Company, Bombey Company and Esler's Company on :he extreme south. This ground, with the exception of the Minerva Company's, has bceu unworked for about 18 years. Two years ago, by aid of the prospecting vote, a small portable engine v.'as obtained and a shaft sunk to about 150 feet, ?in the Minewa Compam-'s ground, when the water beowie too heavy, and the enterprise had to be abandoned, partly owing to the death of the proprietor and the want of funds ly carry on. The ground might have lair, for another 20 years-untouched, had not Mr. Beeston directed ail his energies to forming a company for working it- In this he was en couraged by a visit to Queensland with Mr. Treloar, who is largely interested in mining in the Rcdcasllc district and other places. There they met Mr. Field, one of tile original pros pectors of Costerfield. In fact, the name of the village is partly formed from the junction of his own and his mates' name. That old pioneer spoke in the most glowing terms of what cotiM be done at CosterffcM if a company 5j;UI maai.iuciy sh-iiUr to'th.tt.ho was using North Queensland, Another instance in point was the O'Dotioliue Reef, Finnigan's Creek, 00 miles from George Town, North Queensland, worked by an English company, ivliieli yielded 3 ozs. of gold to the ton. half of which was obtained by the pan system. The slone or ore of this reef were almost identical in character to that at Costerfield. Acting on the informa tion obtained Mv. Beeston set to work and hnd careful trials of the tailings lying on the ground. This was 110 mere assay test, but actual work ing testa; 30 tons of the tailings taken from various places were operated on. Of these 10 were sent to be treated at^-Li hlell 13ros.' pyrites works, Bendigo, and that lot yielded dwts. of gold per ton. A second 10 tons were for warded to Footscray, to be treated by Watson and Denny's pan system, and that yielded 4$ dwts. of gold per ton. The third lot was sent to Daylesford, to be treated by the M'Arthur Forest cyanide process, and this gave 5 dwts. to the ton, and 29 per cent, of antimony. Forti fied with such excellent results, efforts were made to float a company, and much encouragement was met with, but the boom collapse came and the enterprise almost fell through. Under the en couragement of his bettor half, Mr. Beeston persevered, and the celebration of Thursday is the best testimony to his indomitable pluck and perseverance under great difficult tes. That no mistake has been made in estimating -the worth of the tailings was further evidenced re cently bv 24- tons of them from one of the heaps from the dam where there is a depth of i or 8 feet of tailings. This was treated at the United Pyrites Company's works, Bendigo, and gave a return of 16 ozs. gold. The stone of these tailings, when originally crushed, only yielded 2 dwts. to tho ton. In the face of these yields and the fact that it is estimated that there are 00,000 tons of tailings on tho ground, the company has a very big thing before it. With "the present machinery it will take 10 yeav3 to treat these tailings. Besides this the company has great heaps of mulloch round the different shafts which have also been tested, showing that they will also pay for treating. When it is further considered that the deepest shaft is only 600 feet, the other shafts being much less, and that the various companies, with the exception of the OH Costerfield Company, have done comparatively little work, and that they were more concerned in the early days at least in getting antimony than gold there is reason to believe that the refuse used to fill up workings will pay liand 1 somely, not only as regards to the gold hut with respect to the antimony. Then the lodes in the mines themselves have still to be further explored. All this points to the fact* that, with tho aid of the new saving appliances, an era of prospecting is dawning on C'Gsterfielcl such as it has never seen. The new plant which has becu crected on the old Costerfield Company's mine is of a very substantial descrip tion, and is very comfortably and conveniently arranged. A description will give some idea of the process of treating the tailings. The first desideratum is a good supply of water, and thi3 is obtained from the old workings by means of an 81 inch lift, which raises the water into a 3,000 gallon tank, erected at an elevation suf ficient to send a supply to any part of the works, pipes being laid on to convey it to the ' various parts of the building, The water at ! present raised is three times more than re I quired, so that in the coursc cE timethe mine will be drained to allow of work to be car ried on in it, and then there will probably be enough but to serve the purposes of the plant. When nob used for that purpose it can I be turned on to sluice the mulloch heaps to allow the antimony and quart/- to be separated for subsequent treatment. The sand at first is shovelled through a screen into a Watson and Denny pan, into which a regulated stream of water is constantly flowing. As the pan fills, the overflow passes down through wooden troughs into Alley's percussion tables, where the pyrites are separated from the lighter stuff, and the latter is then taken by means of con ducts into four Watson and Denny pans, m each of which arc about 32o lbs. of Quicksilver, and the grinding process is again gone through. Within the pan are four bent copper wings, and they are covered on the face where the agitated water strikes with copper and wire screen of 16 holes to the inch. This is an invention of Mr. Beestmfs aud greatly assist in the saving of the gold. The overflow now passes on to "Rule's auto-malic shaking ripple tables, the cost of which is £10 each, and to a Triumph, which cost £100. On the former it is agitated backwards and forwards for some minutes, which has the effect of causing all the heavier stufl to remain on the table, whilst the lighter passes away iuto troughs placed to re ceive it. The ripples have a trough running horizontally over them, and thia is. supplied by means of taps, which regulate the flow of the stream. When full, the trough overflows into a receptacle, which, wh^n full, causes the table to tip up, the trough of clean water washing the stuff off the boards into boxe3fixed ready to receive it. Ity a similar contrivance the table goes back to its original position. The .auto matic portion of the working is the invention of Mr. J. Rule, of Eootscray, who, together with Mr. Beeston has taken out a patent for it. At present there are only two of these tables, but it is the intention of the management to have two more at work. The vanner, which consists of an endless india rubber band about 4 feet wide, revolves on rollers, shaking backwards and forwards at the same time, which causes the heavy stuff to settle on the rubber and be carried into troughs of water underneath. The refuse passes out into a boxed ch'sip*- which_i also receives the waste trom the ripple tables, and the whole is con veyed to the tailings pump, which elevates it into wooden troughing,by which it is conducted to canvas tables, where "any gold mingled with the water is secured ana the refuse is tinaUy let flow away without further treatment. In addition to the plant for treating the tail ings, a 10-hcad battery has been erected for crushing purposes, but it will he some little time before it will come into use. The oattery and tailings plant is driven by means of a 16 inch cylinder horizontal engine, whilst the 14 inch cylinder works the pumps. The steam is generated in a large Cornish galloway tubular boiler, the quantity necessary to drive the whole plant, being about 451br A large galvanised iron building encloses the boiler and machinery, the portion where the enginesare being floored withT and G boards and the remainder with concrete. The machinery was erected by the engineer (Mr. George ,wil liains) and reflects the highest'credit upon him. As 'work will proceed night and day, the place will be lighted up at night with four gasoline htirners and two tramway Vanvps. Outside a building has been erected around the cuimney stack, where assay and retorting operations wid be carried out under the management of Mr. Perry. It has been furnished with crucibles, chemicals, scale pans, etc., and possesses all the requirements of a metallurgist's laboratory. ^ The present plant for crushing and treating the tailings can be doubled, as there is sufficient power, aud in such a case, the company could put through 200 tons of tailings per week, a I yield of 3-J dwts. per ton will pay. On the , Bombay Company's portion of the ground, is a furnace and brick flues 100 yards long for the treatment of the antimony. The gold saving appliances are worthy of the inspection of unn in;i managers, as the gold which is saved is as fiiTe as dust. There cannot be the slightest doubt that Bendigo quartz companies, either for the saving of pyrite3 or gold, would hna ihe ripple table3 most advantageous. 