I'Mi. pippin of Nliill propose to change th e l;.- of their township. Well, any name is riii'f than a name which means nothing. h in stated by a contemporary that the price !' silver is 'Jd. or :id. per ounce less than it was hi-time lust year. Notwithstanding the fall in i-i,•,'. ui"st .tradespeople complain that silver is :.u\cr 7IOIV J 'mm over. A i.AwH'ni'ii in Dublin was recently sentenced :i eighteen months' imprisonment for killing hip ]!'.• ami throwing his child in the fire. Eighteen i.niths- with nothing to pay in the meantime it- board ami lodging! This is much cheaper inn divorce. I'H (.'hie-ago Fair statue, for which Miss Ada e.lian is In stand model, is to he eight feet high, ml of .-olid silver. The pedestal is to be of gold, im slat lie will cost three hundred thousand .Jlars. -A etres.s Ada should he pretty proud of i'r limine lifter this. TIIK intrigue for forming a Coalition Ministry in New South Wales, and sending Sir George jil.li- home as Agent-General, is chiefly cultivated tin-1 "ji riioin of a Sydney club. The intriguers umlii-r seven, three of whom behove they will fiitmn ofliee if the plan works. ] TIIKUK have been forty-one Cabinets in South (.ustralia during tlie last thirty-six years. One 11n '.si 1 lived nine days, another ten, a third •ven, ami a fourth died on the eighteenth day its existence. What a lot of political Iterods IM liaie flourished ill South Australia since it K'unu.e a self-governing colony) I Tin-: utlii-ia] assignees in Sydney have taken to vimr vvii-kiit. !u the history of the colony l,riipti',v business was never so good, looking t from the standpoint of the assignee. All the •in!.- are growing in weight while the obeeruini'ts el their countenances aud the gaiety of •ir manners are topics of general remark. ./I.S-II.-K WH.IIAMK says that a publican may |ot gin- a drink to a friend on Sunday. This ". lint we have known a publican to give as li-i n lis a.- were asked for to a J. P. on Sunday, •e ,1. 1'. didn't, report the fact to the police, |ii"ii! ly it looks as though he were more or tii-ii'ii'l the publican. Wo wouldn't dream iiui.iin ^ that the drinks were supplied to ii" IKlSllJ. P. I i: AY writes in Monday's Mount Aterode to the New Year, froui which i/., clip eight hm's. Turn says :— Many will look on thee with sadness, Heat I; ami ruined homes are thine; Smiie ivulie with thee in Impound gladness, ^ ii" now in grief repine. And ii-t the world is full of brightness— Tis " man alone is vile;" Till- ai-Uiiiig birds have heartB of lightness, Ami free from every guile. \- is very nice am) poetical, hut the average i i-anniit now soar over his troubles " like a 1\. This is what is the matter with us :— Tin' money-world is filled to tightness, Hut birds feel not its ills; We. i,in, could warble, full of brightness, ''mild ii'.' live by our bills, lion are we regarded at Home ?" somebody •d Mr. James Munro when ho lauded in '"•nine. "As a hand of thieves!" was the •'-• i 111! e reply. This, after all our efforts to Hritish investor and win his good |' • If we are a band of thieves we will be •"diiigl.v grateful, as a community, to any '''' l*'i'M>na who can tell us whore 1o put ii.'iids on the plunder. A decant "swag" i!' 1 !•" the making of the present Ministry, \- -ni'v we have the reputation, it is only fair ' !•'• .-Iiuulil have the spoils. Alas! the booty ' '.iiii;iliie, if it exists at all; nobody lias got i" Nobody is likely to have it,and meanwhile i .l v lbi; reputation of being a nation of Ali ^ n it bout- being able to say wherein we are -1=• - £ 11. •. i |,v our alleged depredations. Ill-luck i i' ly only another name tV - iniquity. ll: , - vs of uuquiet spirits, doomed for a 'ooI time to walk the night,are not yet over. " !: nle supposed to have been attached to the " r " : limbs seems to be a particularly restless " - "1 t<j have made up its mind to devote all •J i•• ti:ue to the editor of tbe Herald. As in I' memorial, the head of King Charles s -i would obtrude, so in every issue of the •• those derelict legs walk, and those derelict • 1 lie. demanding, as it were, from the editor •• eiivition of a head and a body. The "'••• • 1 editor is certainly doing his best to I'i : the want. He has been trying to fit iead- huad in ttud around Melbourne for 'V" - v upon a missing body which is to be j .i d to tlie South Yarra arms and the '• 'Miurn legs; hut none of them will incor- •••>'>•. u»>} the editor is still vainly bunting the • i '-lanls haunted by the ditketa membrol. He ' 'p" I'adly haunted by ap incomplete ghost lie Aram was by that of Houseman. So wills the fierce avenging sprite, Till Wood for blood atouos, -iye, though he's buried in a cave, And trodden down with stones, A lid all his flesh be rotted off, J'he World shall see its bones." "I,. 1 !I?" " not he satisfied until the head and ioi-thcoming. At least, so thinks the Witor "r i -.ntomporary. A nAititEL of beer fell on n lumper at Williamstown the other day, and injured him severely. Evidently Melbourne lumpers can't stand the beer as tlin.y used to. " Si H," said Dr.Johnsoii oil one occasion, "when you have seen one green iield you have seen all green fields. Sir, 1 like to look upon men. Let us walk down Fleet-street." It is a pity the oracular doctor, in whom t here was so much good aud so much nonsense commingled, died before our old friend Teleiuachus was born. He might then have learned something of the variety of Nature's beauty. Keally, some of the work Myers has been doing for the HeruW just lately has been splendid. As a specimen of rich colour and perfect reserve in prose, that article on Australia in "The first month of the year," in Saturday's Herald would be hard to eijual. Thoreau in America, and Richard Jelferies ill England have written things as fine, but not much that is batter in thought and feeling. Editor Reay lias scored well in enlisting the fine pen of this gifted son of the native soil. THAT " wifo of a Melbourne judge," who sent Ohi'istnias cards and gieetings to all the prisoners in the local gaol, is evidently a lady much wanting in humour. Hut husband sent many of the boarders into the gaol to spend the Christinas, and she chipped in with glad greetings and merry wishes. It is to be hoped she localised " the usual Xinas card inscriptions— " Greetings sweet this Christmas morn Oa the wings of love are borne," May the stricken burglar bloke Enjoy his skilly and his toke. s That would do very well; but we only know of one acceptable New Year's card that would please the gentleman enjoying nine months' hard—a plug of tobacco bearing the inscription : " Put by the cud of sad reflection; chew this, and throw oil' your dejection. The prisoner may, if this avail, be happy if he ehoose in gaol." "J. M. D.," tlie London correspondent of the Argus, has not got quit*.' the hang of the facts about the clever young proprietor of /'cWsoa's IIVr/ifi/ aud his liability to the Ingrains, of the lllutlriited Tjnniou A'ciis, and as (for private reasons) they happen to be familiar to us, we may as well explain them. "J. M. D." says that young Pearson " has to give half his profits to the Ingranis, who assisted him when the Weekly was in difficulties." Thisisquitewrong. Arthur Pearson, who is only now despite the fortune ho lias-made, was formerly the sub-editor of Til Bits at a salary of X3 a week. He did not think that Mr. Newnes, the proprietor of Til Bits, was treating him fairly, as the paper was being run on his ideas and by his brains, and, knowing that there was a private quarrel between the Ingrains and Newnes, he asked them to lend him the money to start a rival paper. They had confidence in liiin and did so. Pearson's Weekly has turned out a huge success, and the money I J eareon is paying to the Ingrains is simply the original capital they lent to liim. These are the true facts of the case—told by one who happens to know them intimately. HICIQUH had been reading in a paper that some of the tribes of India have a marriage custom which calls for the presence of a cow and a calf at tlie ceremony. 'The principals and the priest drive a cow and a calf into the water, and there the bride and groom, as well as the clergyman, clutch the cow's tail, while the officiating personage pours water upon it from a glass vessel, mi utters a religious formula. The' couple are ow united ill wedlock. Mriggs says t-Jiat in this ountry the presence of (he cow is dispensed with, ut that there is not imfreqneutly one calf resent at the marriage ceremony. THE Wceldii Times sets apart a column of its paee every week for original compositions written by authors unier fourteen years of age. Some of these efforts are made exceedingly happy. For instance, in the last issue of the'lf. T. Maggie Lyal Goldie, aged twelve years and nine months, escribes what she. calls " A Sad Holiday." The description winds up with the following sentence : —" They never saw their lather again, for he died that night, and the doctor said he might have lived had it not been fur the picnic." As a combination of humour, pathos aud precocious appreciation of the danger of picnics to elderly persons, wo think this has rarely been excelled. here should he a groat future before Miss Maggie Lyal Goldie as an Australian authoress. WOODCUTTER WILSON' is a designing variation f the verdant busbinnu. Long ago he visited arramatta, and talcing a fancy to bivalves was oon at rest wit/i several plates of them upon his tomach in a secluded quarter of an oyster hop. When he awoke he complained that four overeigns had been abstracted from his pecker, aud as lie cast aspersions generously around, a couple of women of the establishment, ejected him. Wilson was only temporarily worsted. lie revisited Parramatta last week, and onco more ntered the house of the bivalves. This time wo sovereigns disappeared, and the aspersions nd ejectment were in fa 1 volley when a constable ppeared on the scene. One. of the women nnuspectirtgly exhibited a gold coin, and then the tratagem of the designing bushmau and the wily obby was revealed. Wilson hud gone to the ookup before visit ing the oyster shop and had bis overeigns officially marked. TALK about depression in business ! Why, it has even reached Geelong. We extract the following extraordinary advertisement from an exchange:—" TWO GUINEA PORTRAIT FREE. To introduce our fine work, if you will send us a photo, of yourself or any member of your family, we will make you one exquisite Two-guinea Portrait Free-, the only return required will be that you have the picture neatly framed, and show it to your friends as a sample of our work. Please write your name and address on back of photo, and send it at once to the Portrait Co., street, Geelong, Victoria." It is hard to see where the profit comes in hero, to saj' nothing of the cost- of advertising. The Portrait Company unlet be like the man who sold all his goods at ii loss, and explained that it was the large quantity that lie sold which enabled him to make a profit. 