? -?' ? _.-.— — Ihe Ikrikmcnt 'For other Parliamentary Jfeiot iee page 1U ) HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday. Ait^ust in For a wonder the Premier was not in bis seat when the first question was asked in the Assembly on Thursday, and so Mr. Grainger bad to repeat the interrosration, which wss somewhat complicated. ' When the Governor thinks a Bill Rhould be reserved for the Queen's assent,' he said, 'and the Ministry have an opposite opinion, is his Ex cellency bound to follow their advice t' Mr. Kingston replied that he kuow of nothing which compelled the Governor to take the advice of hi& Ministers in any case. 'That's lucky for him,' commented Mr. Orrainsrer, while Mr. Kingston continued— ' But his Excellency will have to be prepared for the usual alternative if he declines* to follow the advice.' Mr. White wsuted to know whether in recompense to private politicians now exploiting: JPinnaroo the Government would sit lato on Wednesday week, and the Premier blandly replied that the Government would in this and all matters do whatever the majority of the House wishes. Here there was an appreciative cheer, but it was generally recognised that the response was somewbat evasive. Mr. Hourigan, referring to a cablegram in The Advertiser, wanted to know whence the petition from Adelaide against Home Rule emanated, end how many signatures it bore. Mr. Kingston professed blissful ignorance, and Mr. Homburg interjected tbat everyone else in the House was in the same condition on the subject of the alleged petition. Air. Brooker enquired whether the leader of tbe Government thought it worth while to cable to England on the subject, and the reply was, 'Ro, I don't.' Then Mr. Price sought information ts to whether the Ministry would oppose a motion in favor of Irish Home Kule should it be sub mitted to Parliament, and Mr. Kingston said this was net a Government matter, but must be left to tho good sense of legislators — a state ment whioh was loudly cheered. The Trea surer, in reply to Mr. Homburg, eaid when the matter came up he would consider as to the advisability of re issuing a valuator's license to Mr. S. R. Waketield, in view of the evidence given in the case of Gibsou against the Conservator of Water. Mr. Playford also informed Mr. Solomon that ho would continue celling por tions of the last loan in London as long as he could obtain good prices. Mr. Foster was told that the Government could not fix a, date for introducing the Mining Bill, which, how ever, would bo got through Parliament this fie3tion ; while the same member elicited that the Ministry would not take the initiative in asking the Assembly to sit late for ttro nights a week. The impromptu ques tioning ocoupied just a quarter of an hour, and, after tbo enquiries on the notice-paper had been answered, Mr. Burgoyne obtained a suspension of standing order No. 352 in order to alter the quorum of the Wilmington Water works Select Committee from five to three. Mr. Kingston laid on the table correspondence with the Governments of tbe other colonies on the subject of the introduction of Chinese, and he also introduced the Workmen's Liens Bill, the second reading of whioh was fixed for Tuesday. The Public Salaries Bill now came on in committee, tbe special question for considera tion being the new clause proposed by Air. Homburg fixing tha travelling allowances of judges when on circuit. The Attorney General suggested that the clause should be withdrawn and promised to provide a definite sum to cover all the ex penses named, and so to prevent invidious discussions in future. He explained that he . was not adopting this course because he thought Mr. Homburg's criticisms were well founded, but simply to avoid future indecorous ness. Mr. Homburg said he had no objection to withdraw the clause, as all he had contended for hid been gained. Ho did not agree that his strictures had been refuted, but he was not going over tbe matter again. He assumed that the judges would not receive more than £2 2s. per diem. ' You must not assume any thing,' said Mt. Kingston. ' Wen,' said Mr. Homburg, 'I will take it for granted that the sum paid will not be moro than tbat paid in the other colonies.' ''Hear, hear,' assented the Attorney - General, while Mr. Solomon, referring to the men tion of £2 2a., inter jeoted 'A commercial traveller gets that,' Mr. H. E. Downer sup plementing tbe statement with 'And he is not asked for returns either.' On this Mr. Grainger remarked 'But the judge isn't re quired to 'shout' for the customer?.' In reply to a question from Mr. Grainger a pro mise was given that tbe regulations in respect to Civil Service travelling allowances would be laid on tbe table so that members might' have an opportunity either of increasing those granted to the lower grade officials or of de creasing the others. Both Mr. G rainger and Mr. Brooker agreed that it was impossible to travel on Ga. a day, and Mr. Solomon interjected tbat tbe amount was totally inadequate. Mr. Homburg's clause was then withdrawn. When the title was pub Mr. Solomon moved to recommit clauses 2, 3, and 7, but Mr. Grainger objected to fighting the matter all over again, especially when so many members were away on Parliamentary busi ness. ' Wo intend to oppose the recom mittal,' announced Mr. Playford, while Mr. White said '-.They have left pairs.' The member for Wallaroo expressed the opinion tbat the Governor would have to reserve the Bill for her Majesty's assent, as if he neglected this duty he would get a wigging from the Colonial Office. The salary of our Governor, he added, was fixed at £5,000 a year, so that be would be entitled to a first-olasa pension. Mr. White made tbe rather uncomplimentary remark that in the previous discussions some members had got mixed, and that a politician who bad gone to Pinnaroo had voted aeainsb one of his own amendments. The Ghairman announced that amendments already dealt with could not be again discussed if the Bill were recommitted now, and eo Mr. Solomon withdrew his request. The measure ?was then reported, and the consideration of tho report was fixed for Tuesday, Shortly after half-past 2 Sir John Downer, who has always been a consistent opponent of Ihe Land Values Assessment Bill, rose to con tinue the debate on the eeoond reading. He spoke earnestly and with much eloquence for slightly more than an hour, during which time he placed before the House in an exceedingly clear way all the chief arguments against tho proposed legislation, which he affirmed would favor tho rich as against the poor. He acknowledged that bis epeeoh might be ta\en as read for all the effect it was likely to have, but still be must do his duty, and he was glad tbat the minority on his side v:%\ {rrnAniillv crnwinc less disDronortionatfl. The undoriying principle of the Bill, he affirmed, was the single tax, and he pointed out that all the other countries of the world taxed land and improvements together. He saw little difference in the fundamentals of the income and property taxes. The one charged a man on what he said he made while the other imposed a tax on what he ought to have made. This Bill, however, was eo framed as to decrease taxation where tbe improvements were worth more than the land and to increase it where the land value exceeded that of the buildings, with tbe result that it would lead to huddling up the popula tion of the city instead of spreading it over a healthy area. This, he Eaid, was a matter of figures and not of sentiment. He announced himself to be an uncompromising opponent of the BUI which he claimed was only consistent with the argument tbat land should bear all taxation, and which would break down with its own weight as it would take away three quarters of the taxable area from numerous cor porations. ' It will ruin many people and do not a tout any good,' he declared ; while he challenged anyone to affirm that he web nob earnestly uttering his honest convictions on this matter. There were loud cheers here, and they were renewed later on when the thought ful and powerful speech was ended. Mr. Hague severely startled the House by saying that tbe Ministry in this matter re minded him of a Chinaman. 'Oh!' cried the Premier, as if Emit with sudden pain, but immediately afterwards, making the best of a bad business, he said — ' You look upon us as a Celestial Government, eh?' Mr. Hague ex plained that all be meant was that after tbe fashion of a Chinese workman the Cabinet had copied the Bill of their predecessors with all i*s .flaws. The. junior member for Barosss, like his colleague, i3 a rigid opponent of the measure. When be eat down Mr. Brooker moved the adjournment of the debate. 'Xo, no,' objected tha Premier, bat on tbe voices Mr. Catt, who was temporarily occupying the Speaker's chair at that particular moment, declared the motion oarried. A division was called for, and while the bells were ringing Mr. Grainger, in reply to a request for bis support, replied, ' Fm not, going to vote for any jolly adjournment.' His help just turned the scale, for 22 members de dared ia favor of continuing f.fae talk and 20 for its postponement. Mr. Brcoker being un prepared with some important figures promised to make his remarks in committee. Mr. Giles protested against the Bill being forced through without discussion. 'We have taken five ypars over it,' expostulated the Commissioner of Public Worke, while Mr. Giles pro ceeded to argue that unhealthy building activity would be induced by the Bill, and be pointed ft warning finger to the pre sent condition of Melbourne. Take away the value from land, be urged, and banks, insur ance companies, and everyone else will be ruined, while a fresh start will have to be made. Mr. Wood referred to the able, but onesided speech of Sir John Downer, and affirmed that the voice of the constituencies was in favor of the Bill. ' They don't under stand ib properly' suggested Mr. Caldwell, to whioh Mr. Wood rather discourteously re torted, ' Perhaps they don't : nerfaaps they ?re as thickheaded as other pedple.' Arguing that ' cheap land meant -prosperity to the 1 —--».—. w, Wnnit fell fftnl of tha ottuw repre sentative for Ookaparinga. ' Land is cheaper now than it was 10 years ago,' interjected Mh Johnson, to which it was retorted 'I know Mr. Johnsqn has got many houses in the oifey in the baciryards of whioh you cannot throw a cat round.' Mr. Johnson replied, 'all my yards and buildings comply fully with the oity regulations,' and Mr. Wood added that the Bill couldn't make capitalists build more houses than at present stood on some allotment*. ' Wouldn't you like to build oa the land next to you.' asked Mr. Gilbeit, and the answer was — ' Ye?, I have worked hard all the time I have been in the colony and I thiok I deserve a»bstter house, especially or some people who have never done a band's turn since I have been here live in splendid mansions. Perhaps the hon. member will htlp me''' Mr. McPhereon was the next speaker, and be took up exactly three-quarters ct an hour in deli verius a closely-reasoned address in eupporo of the Bill. While he was in tha centre of his exordium, however, an abrupt stoppage took place in order that an enusgary trom the Governor might be received, aud Captain Henniker entered with messages relating to the payment of a fixtd allowance to future governors, aud transmitting the estimates cf expenditure for the ensuing year, tbe latter being referred to the Committee of Supply. Continuing, Mr. McPhereon referred to the absurdity of the argument that the poor would suffer under the Bill, while he affirmed that rents were as high cow as 15 yeara ago, and entirely dispro portionate to the present rate of wacrea. 'I am not a single taxer,' he eaid in conclusion, 'and I consider this measure entirely just.' Mr. Caldwell tried unsuccessfully to securo an adjournment ; and then Mr. Archibald said tbe Bill formed a dividing line between the Liberal and the Conservative parties. 'Oh! non sense,1' interjected several members, while Mr. Archibald professed himself personally indebted to Sir John Dormer, and thanked him very much for putfcinu the issue fairly before the House and the colony. Wealthy men, he protested, would not oppose this Bill if they benefited under it. 'A rich man (Sir Edwin Smith) introduced it,' affirmed Mr. Muu!e. Mr. Archibald disclaimed the suspicion that the eiugle tax had anything to do with the principle of assessing land values, tha advocacy of which he said was older than tha French revolution, which might have been averted had TurgoS agreed to adopt it. Tha oldest and strongest monopoly in the world, he said, was tbat of land, and this measure would only affect it homoeopathically. Mr, Ash thought it amusing for reasons obvious to those who had heard the member for Portr Adelaide speak on various occasions, to listen to bis designation .of Sir John Downer'a speech, which was a model of Parliamentary debate, as 'second-rate claptrap.' Mr. Archibald indignantly jumped up on a point* of order to deny that be bad eo described Sir John's arguments, but admitted tbat 43D' had' called the reference to the single tax mere clap trap. ' That ia unmitigated claptrap,' loudly assented the Treasurer, while he subsequently repeated thas the thing was ' miserable clap trap.' 'I was one of the very few who listened to Sir John Downer's speech,' con tinued Mr. Ash, and Mr. Howe said ' Ob, we'll all rise to a point of order now.' Mr. Ash explained tbat he meant tbat two-fifths of the members of the House were absent when Sir John spoke, while he proceeded that the speech was an especially excellent one. Sir John Downer, he said, had got a bad naaia with some members, who desired to hang him. ' There is not a more respected man in the House,' protested Mr. Foster. 'There doesn't deserve to be,' acquiesced Mr. Ash, ' but members disagree with him before they know what he is going to gay.' ' That is only your opinion,' interjected Mr. Wood, and 'Exactly, if it wasn't I wouldn't utter it,' agreed Mr. Ash, who added that measures were often carried simply because they were christened ' Democratic,' but, though once termed a revolutionary, he had learned to look upon things masquerading under that name with suspicion, as be had been ensnared so often. ' A good name often sells a book,' he said epigram matically in conclusion, 'and a bad name often hangs a dog aud kills a politician.' The Treasurer filled up tbe space still inter vening between the ordinary time of adjourn ment, and amply proved that when it comes to a question of bellowing his lungs are strong enough to drown the voices of all the othec members of the House combined, including the Speaker. He was excited when he began, because he thought some one had accused his late colleague. Sir Edwin Smith, of selfishness. Sir Edwin, he shouted, is patriotic and nob selfish ; he is » liberal, benevolent, open banded man. There was a general cheer, and someone interjected ' No ono said he isn't,' which in fact was the case. The Treasurer con tinued, that personally he would have to pay more rates under the new Bill, eo tbat ha claimed to show his patriotism by sup porting it. 'Oh, buy a tin trumpet for somebody,' ejaculated Mr. Solomon im patiently, while Mr. Playford went on to say that he was at least as publfc- Bpirited as Sir John Downer, who opposed tha measure, though he would save money under it. ' You are a pair of patriots,' soothingly remarked the Premier, and his colleague affirmed that the collection of tha taxes under the new arrangement would be less costly, and that the protests against its enactment came principally from corporation and district council officers who feared for their positions. 'That is unfair,' said Mr. Caldwell; and when Mr. Playford roughly retorted Mr. Johnson added, 'It is not only unfair, it is ridiculous.' Mr. Play ford clinched his argument with a Scriptural quotation concerning Demetrius tho silver smith and bis supporters, who 'with oner voice about the space of two hours cried out, ' Great is Diana of the Ephesiana !' ' in order to prevent a reformer who endangered their occupations from obtaining a hearing. The' conduct of the ancient Greeks was emulated by some of the country members, and the din created was most unparliamentary, though Mr. Playford didn't) seem to mind it. Ultimately, however, the Speaker managed to make his voice audible, and the disturbance ceased. During its con tinuance Mr. Short, who championed the cause, of the district clerk?, was told that he didn't know what be was talking about, and an error on his part was being rather harshly treated by the Treasurer, when Mr. Kirgston, more diplomatic tbanhm lieutenant, in a tone of per suasive warning said — 'He admits he is wrong, Tom.' ' In my district,' then affirmed fclr. Playford, 'tbe clerk gets 4 percent for collect ing the rates,' but there was indignant denial that such a practice was in vogue in other districts. 'The pereon who says this Bill has anything to do with the Bingle tax,' declared Mr. Playford, 'is-«lightly- gone m bis bead.' ' The single taxers are using you,' remarked Mr. Johnson severely, thus laying himself open to thn quick retort — 'And the National Defence League is using you.' 'Ob, no; I am using myself,' quoth the member for Onkaparing». Calm sow succeeded storm, and at 6.20 p.m. Mr. Short secured the ad journment of the debate till Tuesday. Three minutes later, after Mr. Hombure baa secured the preparation of a return concerning tha amount of judicial work done in the Supreme Court since the appointment of Mr. Justice Bundey, the House rose. The Premier laid on the table of tbe Assembly on Thursday copies of the cor respondence which has passed between him self and the other Australian Govern ments on the subject of the introduc tion of Chinese into the colonies. The New South Wales Government have been very lax in their administration ol the Aot in operation in that province and the result has been that a very large number of Chinamen have been smuggled in at their ports from tha . steamers trading with the East during the last twelve months. Mr. Kingston asked that a - joint remonstrance should be made to Sir ' George Dibbs on this subject, and Sir Thomas Mcllwraith eomewhat bombastically replied that South Australia is herself to blame in the matter so far as the Northern Territory is. concerned. To this Mr. Kingston answered by vigorouRly stating unmistakable facts te» prove the fallacy of the assertions of Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, and again urging-, him to unite in representing the true state of the case to New South Wiles. Here for the present the subject rests. Mr. KingBtoa so far having gained the epistolary honors. Some discontent with the matraai in which. ' the judicial funotions are discharged in tha Transvaal appears to exut in that country. Mr. Laboushere, writing in Trvlh, says : — 'I have been favored with a lengthy document from Pretoria impugning the qualifications and conduct of some of the Transvaal judges. It seems that Truth is selected for this pnr pose because the local press lacks the courage or the independence to take np tbe matter. Unfortunately this is not i subject on which I have any means of obtaining independent information. . I therefore extract tbe following queries which occur in -the. — communication; Roping that some one who knowB South Africa voay be able to answer ' them:— 'Ib it desirable that many of the judges should be in debt and use their position to evade payment? Is it consistent -with tbe . independence of tho bench that a judge should meddle in politics and stand as » candidate for the Presidential chair when it is notorious tbat he has nob » ghost o£ft chance of election ? Does it look well for a jfn)ge to get an official receiver removed on aoooflmt of bis ignorance oE law and then solicit the Government to Appoint that official as » judge? - Xi ft iqaite the thing; for a judge to dress up in character ?BO oonoa Ta-rara-boom-de-ayr WhateTOf maybe eaid to the rest, the last question mnsVI 9unk, be answered in tbe negative. Con any of my readers picture to himself theliordOhknoellor, the Lord Chief Justice, or even the Master of the Bolls, thus disporting tdmself V ? , A gentleman drew trom the Savings Bank on Thursday a stun of money to p*y it into the Treasury, but on reaching the 'Treasury 'found * £50-note -missing. He aft Jmu»'-«b^ , ported his loss to toeTJeVW&YeOffi;» «&»&*_., attJaebftDln., ? .».-*- ^vs 