ISHMAEL PENGELLY: AN OPTCASr. By JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "Elrad theHio," "Jabas Easterbrook," "Zillah," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; CHAPTER I.—[Concluded.) "I'd better give itnp," he cried, "I'd better fro to Isnmael and make terms with him. He'll sorely be willing to make arrangement*. I can give him Grace's dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangements Grace ffoald be glad. I can sea that she hates the thought of marrying Retallick even although she's eacritioine herself for my sake. I wonder if he would nuw! No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him; I'll fight to the end; lose or win, 111 do it!" At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of thick boots and a warm overooat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in his overooat pooket. Then he took some matches, and after striking two or three, to see that they ignited easily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was anything more. He noiselessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. He remembered being there with Judith long years before. Ah, hoirshe loved him! Yes. that night was the first step in the great sin which had ended twenty-five yean afterwards in murder. JSO, not that—justifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was silent, no sound broke the stillness of the night. He thought he heard one of the servants breat hing heavily, but that was all. Every one was asleep but himself, and he felt as thoucli be should npver sleep again. Like Macbeth, he bad murdered it. He turned the lamp iow, and crept through tbe passage into th6 kitchen, and then r/mti out into the yard by the kitchen door. A doi; lnped forward with a lor? growl, but seeing who it was whined affectionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him. "I dare not take bim," he muttered, "although he would be company. Lie down here in tne kitchen, old man, and be quiet." The dog did at he was bid, whiie Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried across the yard into tbe -lane. He stood still an3 listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through the trees. He kurr:ed up the lane, stopping suddenly now and th^n, as if in fear, but no one appeared, no sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at the cliffy, and saw far beneath him the restless, turbulent sea. It was not so dark out here ander the open eky as at Penwithen. The pale moon conld be seen oftener, tbe clouds were swept more rapidly across tbe wild sky, the night did not appear quite so sullen. _ He looked all around him anxiously, fearfully, and then breathed a sigh of relief. N one waB near. Tbe spot was open, n&itiier; hedges nor houses were near, and bo it would be impossible fer any one to hide. It w.-.a terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against hisface, so he knew that the Atlantic was in a furious mood. He walked on until he came to the precipitous footpath leading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of tbe cliffs descent would be perilous; but Reuben did not hesitate, and in a few miuutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yte, the tide was receding, and even now he »aw a stretch of sand a fenfeet wide. He went Raiitli ward. Fanoy the sceno. On the one hand, towering, rugged cliffs ; above, a wild skv. On the other, a storm tossed angry sea hurling i tself on the rock-bound coast. The time, midnight. All sound drowned by the iucoseant roar of the waves and the howling winds. •'Everybody will ba in bal," muttered Reuben. "No one but a tnan with lieli in his heart would come to fuch a spot as this on wch a uifrht as this. My God ! I wish I were back at Carloggas with an empty pocket and a light heart. On he trudged, now stumbling over the rocks now splashing through touin stream of water whioh ran towards tho receding sea, but •till making his way southward. ••I was a fool not to destroy it. he went on at length. "If I there would be no need of this r should have done it, too, «f I hadn t been a cowardly fool. Oh, .f that Je ter were only written to frighten me -ir.dI it.till there I shall destroy it th* moment I K*t to Penwithen. Yes I'll do it, though the ghost of old Michael appears before me and tells me to stop. I can understand thosa old m«i« stories now. I can see why thev barsamed with devil. I'd Kladly sell all the soul I ve got to live in oomfortall therest of my life and be safe. There'd be joy and gladness in thH thought, but those days are gone, all the old Superstitions are destroyed." A great wave swept up, carrying wits it a log of wood, and as tho water reoeded lett it lying before him. In the ttorm-lieht it did not look unlike the body of a man. He started back with a cry of terror. " My God 1" he cried. 'tis he I I can go no further, I am afraid. I dare not go past that thing." Something flapped close to his ear, and a ghastly screech froze the blood in his vein?. It was only a sea bird which he had disturbed, and which, as -.oon as it could, flew back to its shelter again, but to Reuben it was the cry of a lost soul, it was a wandering spirit which could iind no rest. " It was like his cry Ii6t nightwiienhe fell ! 7 ' he gasped. "Oh, all the Penwithen lands, ail the money it has brought me, good name, ar.d all the rest will riot pay for this. I'll go straight back and let bim do his worst." . He turned around and began to retrace his steps, but had only gone a few steps bsfore he changed his mind. "What of Grace and Bert?" he thought. "I'll save them if I can. I promised their mother that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor, dear Amelia! She gave her life for Grace! Oh, my darling! Can't yon help me now ? I\o, no. If there's a heaven, she's there: ana the help I want can't como from heaven." Once more he turned his face towards the south, and with tr^mbliDg limbs came to the spot where the !<:e of wood still lay. He gavo a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. " It's only a bit of sea drift!" ha cried. " Oh, what a coward I am —a great hulking coward!" On he rushed, unmindful of winds and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of ro?l:i> protruded themselves on to the bpa.-b, p.tui then lie stopped. " I elmll soon know," he cried. " Ah, if it's still there it Eba.il soon lie ashes. I'll buru it, in spite of all tbe dead men's ourtes that v.-ere ever invented. Why, ob, why didn't I co it ypn-rs ago ?"' He erupt behir d the great heap of rocks, and found a liis-ure wide enough through which to squeeze his body; then he crawled along a few feot, until he was out of the wind. Outside the wind wailed and the esa surged, but here Wis shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he carr-.fully lie it. and looked anxiously around him, after which he went further into the rave. Letting the light- fall on the ground, he examined the santiy floor. It had not baen disturbed ainoe the last flood tide, and no marl: of a footste:> was to be seen. He looked 'ipward, and everything appeared as it was v/hHI; he came tberf> last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The sea sounded far p.v'Ry; ho was alone—all, all alone. Ho stood still a i^c&lid;, as if afraid to act-, ar.rl he strained his ears, aa if he thought !SR heard something. No; all was silent as death. He made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was tbet? o He thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. No, he was mistaken ; h» was Bimply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking atvhili found an nperhire. Into this ho put hi-) hand. Hi; wjuld feel nothing. Cold fcti-eat trickled down his face, and his limb* trembled. " He ill usl have found it!" he gaBped, " and I am lost." Again he pushed his arm into tho ap&rtur;^, this time as far as be could reach. His fingers touched something smooth and co;d He clutched it tightly and drew it o'.it. " Safe! safo !" he cried ; " I'm a man again. Let me burn this when I get home. &nd; thci wVtt have I to fear Unburnning iiis coat, he put it into bis bre.i«t p'ick'-t, th*n hecirefuliy buttoned his coat aaain, and ag:iiu he realized the haunting fear which h« had felt long yeftK before wlie:; old Margery met him along the const and as'Kcd him for tho will. "It seems to carry a curse with it,"bo muttered, "butitwill be only for an hour." , Once more he held up the lamp, bat in so doing knocked his arm. and the lamn fell from his hand. In picking it up he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and he thnnchf he saw something shining, and qiiiekly held the light- towards it, but nothing to be seen. " Another delusion," he moaned, "another delusion—ah. but I winh John 1'raser waB a delusion. Living ordead, he is a curse to me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced." He groped out of the cave again, and in a fp.w ser*>r.ds later he stood under the open sky. Madly he rnufced along the beach, looking neither to the riuht nor left, and a be did not notice that he was followed. Yet it was no. A man bending almost to a double kept near him nil the wav. evenas he had done evur since he bad left Penwithen. When Reuben Ponwilihen had stood 011 the cliff, uud breathed a sigh of relief because he WTS unnoticed, this creature bad been lying flat on the ground, but his eves were never taken from the frenzied yooman. When Reuben had turned and fled fiom the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follow,:r crouched behind a reek sv.id wat^hei, and when the frscr.ied man had entcied tw cave, ' and -earched for the will, tn r:!c'.\\.':neu; tvenc unnoticed. The watcher in'-.troreii ottt.im"-i j too; but he feared not. No ghostiy visitant I troubled him; all his thoughts were iibour the ! man before him, whoai he knew walked in J hell. j When Reuben hurried towards Pcnwithto, j and stumbled scjm»t:mcs as iia trutigt-d along i the beach, his watclu-r Krf-:r,cd to bn i'.;-.dc;.-i'.:fd j whether !o m tko liimself kr.own, bus he let him c]imb the cliff !ir*t, then, nii'ting jo I or-eily as a etaiwi rashf-.s 11;) .1 inoiritai vi ttii. ho saw tiiit he louit do his v.-.;-j; qi'i'.k'.y/ j Once 011 the hfliidinnd again Heiiben's lu-ati beat lighter. Kven the last nighi'd deed did not trouble him so lunch now, ar.d so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying =afely o^r his heart, he joarnavKd rapiiiiy tow-nils his fccmo. Presently, however, Lis q-.jiek eiu detected a sound, aaa he was about to turn around when lis felt a stealthy hp.r.d fasten itself upon hi*, arm like the gri:> of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him— " I w&nt; to speak to you, Reuben Penwithen." j I | |Ị 