. MUSIC AND DBAMA. Sighor Giraud, of the Italian Opera Com pany, was upset by tho shrill whistlo of a gallery hoy during tho last night hut oue of tho Melbourne, season. The tenor had suffi cient presence of mind to disguise his indig- nation- by flinging his hat down on tho staga and dancing on it before ho resumed singing. This particular singer, by tho way, unlike tho general run of tenors, has ideas of his own. Wliilo chatting tho other day, he boldly asserted that his friend Leoncavallo, the composer of "Pagliaeci," is moro ori ginal than Mascagni. "Everything that Leoncavallo gives us comes out of here," ho said, tapping his forehead expressively with his forelinger. " Mascagni is a great genius. His melody and orchestration aro both superb, hut, unliko Leoncavallo, he has not scrupled to borrow from everyone. Listen to this," and a few musical phrases wcro sung. "That is from Verdi's 'Otclio.'" He hummed a corresponding passage from the older opera to mark tlie resemblance. " This is from 'Favorita,'" and again threcor four bars from each opera gave their rippling testimony. . " Once more now," and an air from "Traviata" was put in as evidence against the theory of absolute originality on the part of the author of " Cavallcriu." Thcro is a flavor of Irish humor about Sienor Giraud's description of Mascagni. In one breath lie practically calls the composer of "Cavalleria" an unscrupulous musical thief, and in the next speaks of hiinus"a great genius." Tlie accusation of stealing other men's music recalls an Italian story of the hold brigand days. "Who and what are you?"asaed the chief of the robbers, with an eye to ransom, of the latest capture. "I am a musician," was the lofty answer. " Ho you play the hand organ? " "No, I.am a composer; I write operas!" "Very good, said the brigand, " give us a taste of your quality ! " The prisoner, with acriminal memory of other men's ideas and a cool faculty of annexation, proceeded to whistle and warble some familiar selections as examples of his own creative genius. " That will do," said tho head robber with a how of abject apology, " you can go ! You are one of us ! " The Sydney Amateur Military Band of 60 instruments makes its first appearance under Mr. Hutchinson towards the end of November. Concerts will be given ill Hyde l'ark and the Botanical Gardens. Mr. Edward Farley's Comic Opera Com pany will ring up tlie curtain with sparkling " Eatinitza" at the Imperial Opera House on Saturday next. Mr. Farley, who made such a hit as " the General " iu tlie Emelie Mel ville season at this theatre, will appear in his old part, and there should he a great rally of the baritone's admirers. In tins class of opera Mr. Farley, accomplished alike as singer and actor, lias 110 superiot in tho colonies, and lie lias moreover the claim of hcin" an Australian artist. The support includes Miss Lydia Ivanova, Miss Edith Moore, Miss Cecily Staunton, Mr. William Walslic, Mr. Harry Craig, and Mr. Joe Stark. The chorus and orchestra num- ber 60. At the Sydney Liodertafcl "smoke" on Thursday next tlie " Soldiers' Chorus " from "Faust" will besting. The Christmas con cert will complete the society's 12th year. It is said that Charles Gounod died a rich man, but tlie odd thing is that his best and most popular work brought him next to nothing. Just as Richard Wagner, struggling for recognition, carried his - Ivienz.i about) in a carpet bag for five years, vainly seeking a purchaser, so Gounod offered his " Faust ' without success to the principal " buyers of genius " in Paris. An obscure music Jjub- Tislier — one Choudcns — saw merit in "Faust," and came to terms with the com poser by paying iilOO for the score, and pro mising £300 more in tho event of tho success of the opera. " Faust was welcomed by tho world, and while Gounod gained fame in addition to Uiu £400, the publisher reaped in the modest sum of £50.000. Lv the way, was not M. Kowalski just a little out oil Thursday night ill the description of Gounod's treatment of the "ruling senti ment ' 111 Ins two best known operas : bald il. Kowalski : "The love between Mar guerite and Faust is ideal ; between Romeo and J ulielte it is life itself 111 a generous and exciting climate." How remarkable it is that so many of our amateur singers go up as rockets and come down as sticks. This is especially so with the male voices. Where aro all the " pro- mising " tenors, baritones, and basses of ten and even live years ago? boino "knock themselves out by excessive z.eat on wrong lines, others allow themselves to rust through a mingling of laziness and the stupid conceit that scorns ordinary practice. Ilia reappearance of Sims Reeves in London carries with it a lesson. Ihe veteran tenor, now 72, wc aro told by the latest papers, : was "received with Lho wildest enthusiasm, uiul the paises of 40 years ago are rung again in recognition of his "eloquent, expressive, and truly artistic smginu. I his remark able singer has not kept his voice by any species ol magic. Hero arc Ins own words addressed to an interviewer Tho secret of my voice preservation is that utter hemp properly trained I have always used mj voice with the greatest care. Pressed for an opinion, he gave it that hoys should be be tween 17 and 18 and girls between 16 and 1? when they begin Ui cultivalu llicir voices. He fixed 26 as tho proper ago to take up operatic or conslanL concert work, and the advice was added, " Never overwork a young voice. Many voices that have indica tions of rare quality are literally murdered ay zcuiuus, uui> iuuhbh, tnuniti. A voice should bo practised n( hour in the morning but not continuously J IMf an hour 3 rest should intervene befot the hour's work is accomplished." Mr. Dumpier will visit hourkc. for the first time, during his present interior tour. 44 Thalia in Curlpapers" is the title of n series of articles being written for a Mel bourne paper by Mr. Garnet Waluh. 44 Ruined !" said Mr. Harwood to au Argus man the other day— 44 ruined. There you have it in a nutshell. Ruined by bad bank management, like many another poor devil. Fortunately 1 have never made any formal retirement from the stage, so that my re- appeaiauee involves no breach of faith with the public. Indeed from time to time I played here and in Sydney rather to keep iu touch with the stao than irom any other reason, and that will serve me in jjood stead in my present dilemma. I think, loo. that I have a certain right to look for the support ol Australian audiences, because I am an Australian actor. I jjoi my experience in the colonies, and the wholo of my stage career from 185o has been passed hem. Prac tically, I've played in every branch of tho profession. Mazeppaand Dick lurpm with Mr. G. B. W. Lewis's circus, harlequin and clown in pantomime: Mucduli, Richmond, Huiofernos, Loonatu, Dogberry, Knobarbus, Ghost, and I'olumns in (Miukspcurc ; Mo. Davis, Sam Bokor, and Michael Fccncy in Boueicauit's dramas; Count Karatof, Raw- don Sandainore. Chateau kenaud. Henri do Sartons, and Geoil'ry Delainyn in modern drama: inibnolo. Le Due Delia Volta, Mar quis Pontsable, and King Lawrent in comio opera: and Gregory Cnunblolou and Undo Catterinole in farcical comedy. That's a pretty versatile repertoire, isn't it: And you sec that in each of these parts my con ception of the character was original. I hadn t. like most ot ihe actors who come out here, seen other people play them. I had to create for myself. I ve been pretty well everything, too ; general utility, juvenile lead, prompter, walking gentleman, low comedian, and manager. It was while I was at the Theatre Koyal with Messrs. Stewart, Ilennings, Coppin, and others that tho system of importing 4 stars ' came into voguo. From a dramatic point of view. Australia was then literally a virgin licld, and wc pro spected and worked it. An enthusiastic syndicate of New Zca- landers arc reported Lo have tried very hard and very unsuccessfully to induce Miss violet Varley to go Lo Paris. Tlie idea was that Miss Varley s beautilul voice should be culti vated on French methods, so that its pro prietress might succeed Pattl and Melba. Mr. Parker llall, the new lessee of the Melbourne i ncuire Royal, is making sturdy efforts to keep a footing. Scudumore's dnunai 14 Is Life worth Living?" is his latest J production. $ Mr. John Wallace takes a benefit at Mel- «; bourne on Saturday night. The Gouriay- Walton Company are playing to "popular prices —os, 2s, and Is— at ILobarl. A set of photographs of the principals in the original fcjydney east of 44 Tlie Mascotte" — Miss Maggie Moore as Bcttina, Misa Nellie .Stewart as hiamctta. Mr. llarwood as Laurent, Mr. Verdi us Pippo, and Mr. W oodliehl us the Prince— are to bo seen in the vestibule of the Theatre Koyal. Adver tisement of this kind by competing manage ment indicates the pure disinterestedness o£ theatrical people. .The Brough-Boueieaulb Company were enthusiastically received at Melbourne on .Saturday nichl. and " ihe Amazons has been played since to very large houses. 14 Tho Magistrate is announced for next Saturday. Mr. Walter Bentley has Adelaide dates for December. ) 44 Shamrock and Rose," an exceedingly Irish drama by Walter Reynolds, which has been played by tho Charles llolloway Corn- j ; puny in New Zealand, is highly praised aa j exciting. Irame. and interesting. Most travelling companies abuse this , township (says the Grange J.attlur). hut then , most travelling companies are duffers. Tho fact is that country residents along the rail way line now know too much and go too often to the metropolis tohe imposed upon by , a mob of supers posing us 44 stars," but when something worth looking at comes along it gets a fair audience all right. Iho "barn stormer " is played out on the railway lino . >?Y- - - --- f - I-' 