POET OR VERSIFIER. \ A UiCTURE BÏ PROFESSOR TOCK ER, OF ME» BOURNE. (Melbourne Argiu.) (Concluded. ) Among definitions of poetry which have come from poet, from critic, and from dictionary, I Imve only heard of one which at nil contents mc. It comes, tis usual, from^ a Frenchman. It says that true poetry "W ' the exquisite' expression of tm exquisite impres- sion. The phrase is crisp and happy, and the more I think of it the inore true as well as happy it appears. To be a poet one must experience thc impression first-thc thought, sensation, or emotion-an impression not vulgar and commonplace, but exquisite ; ¡md then lie must express it in a way not commonplace and vulgar, but exquisite. Let us take an instance of an ex- quisite impression exquisitely expressed. Everyone well knows Shelley's " Ode to .1 Skylark," and perhaps particularly these verses " Ilitrhcr still and higher From Un.' earth thou b-print'CHl Like a cloud of fire : Thc tituc deep thou winiest. And singing still dost soar, and soaring ever singest. " In thc golden lightning Ol the sunken sun, O'er which clouds arc ltrt^Mciittii,-, Thou dost float and mn Like aa cinlrodicd Joy \vho*c race is just liegun." And later '* Like a noel loddon III the light nf thought, Singing hymns unhidden. Till thc world is wrought To sympathy with hopes and fears it heeded noL" First, there is the impression made on Shelley's mind by the soaring and warb- ling of the lark in that glorious sky. We may nil of us feel something when we sec and hear what Shelley saw and heard, but it is mostly in a vague, turbid kind of way. The whole scene, the glory of thc heaveuB, und mounting, happy bird no doubt impress us. But upon Bhclley'6 heart and intellect thc impression was " exquisite." It was penetrating, clear, and full. It changed all his being for the time, filled him with ecstasies and choicest thoughts. Then how does ho express them ! Sit you down at such a time and try, try earnestly, to describe in words just what you heard and saw and felt. And then compare the unsatisfying phrases of your confused sensations with the distinct picturing, marvellous melody, the clear skylark voice of that passage of Shelley. That is thc way to Und what imagina- tion is and bow far a poet's gift trans scends ordinary powers. " Like a poet hidden in the light of thought"-those few words contain a volume, a perfect picture and a perfect criticism. And thc gift whereby similitudes so ex- quisitely expressive are conjured up is called imagination. Again, take Tennyson's Tears, idle tears, I know not what they lucan ; Tears from the depths of some divine dctrpalr Ittsc In thc heart, and gather to thc eyes, In looking on the happy autumn Acids, And thinking of thc tlays that are no more. " Fresh as the first beam glittering on a sall That bringa our friends up front liic under world. Sod os thc last which reddens over one Toot sinks with all wc love below the verge ; So sad, so fresh, the days that arc no more. " Drar as remembered kiaaes after death, And sweet M those hy hopeless fanny feigned, On Hps that are for others : deep as low, Deep as first kn e, and wild with all regret ; O oealh in life, the days that ore no more ! " I will not mar the exquisite impression which this exquisite passage should leave on you by coldly dissecting a thing so beautiful. I hardly hope that it will ever be possible to eradicate from the general mind the tendency to be derived by mere words. When we read verse we are apt to be entranced by its melodious tones HS the sailors of story were en- tranced by the Bong-witchery of the Sirens. They followed, fascinated, the sweet, insidious sounds against all their saner judgment. So we, in dealing with verse, often fall within the censure of Pope " But most bv numbers Judge a poet's song ; And mnoouH or rough with them is right or wronir ; In the bright Muse, though thousand channa con- spire. lier voice is oil these tuneful foolsodinlre : Who haunt Parnassus but to please their car. Not mend Uielr minds ; na some to church repair, Not for thc doctrine, lait the music there." It is only that diligent conscientious study of the connection between thought and language which, and which alone, is properly called literary education, that can enable us to overcome this almost universal inborn weakness. Though Pope hos spoken so harshly of tuneful fools, the fact remains that Pope and all his generation were only versifiers and not poets ; they sought for clever, terse expression, not ex- quisite expression ; and they almost wholly lacked, or deliberately sup- pressed, thc faculty for exquisite im- pression. One might almost think verse writers' hearts in those days were all of metal, made to render back sharp, un- sympathetic notes, while the true poet's tones live and vibrate with thc touching vox humana or ecstatic vox angelica, expressing exquisitely his aspirations, loves, and high believings. The angry 1 reproach of Keats was surely well deserved ' Ah, dismal-soul'd ! The winda ol heaven blew, the ocean roll'il Its gnlhcriug waves-ye felt it nat. Tile hluc Dared its eternal lmsom, and thc dew til summer iiiirlitx collected still ta make The morning precious, ltrauty was awnkc. Wliy were lie not awake ? But ye were dead To things ye knew not oí." In fancy place yourself amid some surpassing scene of natural beauty, wonder or awesomeness ; deep within some ocean-cave, nt the foot of some waterfall, or 'on some mountain-top at sunrise. What do you see? Can you describe it Í And in what way ? Per- haps by some luminous, happy words which flush out tho picture of thc whole combined, as seen in ono large sweep of comprehensive vision ? Or, perhaps, piece hy piece, making each detail of plant and tree, of rook and wator, of colour and sound stand out alike distinct 1 That is mic question. Thc next is greater. What do you feel î A passing pleasure of the eye, a gentle glow of excited or rested mind ? Or do you lose yourself in some grout surge of ecstasy? Does the waterfall " haunt you like a passion?" Docs " the earth and common face of nature " speak to you "rememberable things?" Do you feel that there is one world before you seeablc, and another world under it and behind it thinkable? Whj these two questions? Because I wisl; to bring home the fact that in face ol natural beauty-and I have only taken natural beauty by way of easy illustra- tion-you may see with the outward eye, or with the inward eye-you may soe, or you may feel-or you may do both at once. If you cannot see with the spiritual eye, if you cannot feel, you have not the capacity for the poetic exquisite impression, and you cannot be a poet of nature You can only bc its versifier. That is the point. You may describe a scooe in language of consum- mate skilfulness, painting in every detail with the fidelity and vividness of the greatest Dutch or Flemish master. It may be the Isles of Greece or the Australian bush, thc Alps or thc Blue Mountains. It may bc in blank verse or it may be rhyme, full of faultless words and life- like portraiture. Yet it may bc only verse, and not contain one jot of poetry- not one jot more of poetry than an inventory contains. To some this may seem a hard saying. Yet it is true. Hut some other man, viewing tho self-same scene, may in some great, bold dashes of rhythmic words, wherein detail is lost, as in the marvellous land- scapes of a Turner, give you the vision and fix it in your heart and mind with such an effect of sympathetic passion, that you are constrained to cry, " What genius is here." Whence comes the difference? Tho versilier sees and nptly tells the " beauty which is in the face of nature." Thc poet draws out and exquisitely ex- presses the soul beneath. The versifier describes sea and sitora in a sort of verbal photograph. The poet will rather simply say " llrook, break, break, On thy cold gray Monea, O 6ea, And I would that my tongue could utter Thc thoughw that arise in inc." There you have it-the thoughts that arise, tim impression-and the utterance of them by the tongue-the expression. Wordsworth cannot look at a noiseless, tranquil stream without an emotion. " Oh, glide, fair at ream, for ever glide, Thy quiet eout on all bestowing." To his imagination the stream has a soul, and that soul impresses itself on his. So the cuckoo is not merely a bird, it is a " wandering voice," that tells " the talc of visionary hours." There was to him ever a "spirit in the woods." " The meanest flower that blows " could give thoughts that did often "lie too deep for tears." Such were Wordsworth and Tennyson in the face of nature; such are the great poets in face of man and all sub- jects of thought. Their souls are like Eolian harps played on by emotional winds invisible, that blow where they list, and the poets know not whence the winds come nor whither they go. The " commonplace series of impressions " of ordinary folk are not the impressions these give utterance to. Their impres- sions are exquisite, born of a vision and a faculty divine. The versifier, on the other hand, expresses, and sometimes exquisitely, but his " series of impressions " has nothing exquisite. Swinburne writes of a " Forsaken Garden " : *' In a coign of the cliff between lowland and highland, At taeiwa-doiro's edge between windward and lee, Wall od round with rooks as on Inland island, The ghost of a garden fronts the seo. A girdle of brushwood and thom encloses The steep square slope ot the blosvomlcss lied Where thc weeds that grew green from the graves of fl« roses Now lie dead. Thc fields fall southward, abrupt and broken. To tlie low tut edge of thc long lone land ; If a step should sound, or a word he s|iokcn, Would a ghost not risc at the strange gnest's hand? So long have the grey bare walls Iain guestless, Through branches and briars if a man make way, ITc shall find no life but thc seawind's, restless Nlgbt and doy. Now that is distinctly musical, dis- tinctly skilful. But that is all. It ex- presses, but what docs it express? What is the " harvest of a quiet eye," which is garnered under all these dainty alliterations and lilting cadences ? Does Swinburne seem to bc feeling some rare and exquisite emotion in the presence of these common things? There is light in the picture, but is there any warmth ? Do not let us bc deceived by words upon words ; do not let us mis- take a genre word-picture, for a master- piece of poetry. The observation, it seems to me, is all external, what a photograph might give- clearly, bril- liantly reproduced, but unmoving, be- cause it comes from a mind unmoved. Hear Tennyson describe the coming of dawn : " Till now thc doubtful dusk revealed The knoll once more, where, couoh'd at ease, Thc white kine clfunncrod, and thc trees L-jfd their dark anns about thc field ; " And sucked from out the distant gloom, A bréese began to tremble o'er The large leaves of the sycamore, And fluctuate all the still perfume. And gathering freflhlier overhead, Itock'd the tull-foliaged elms, and swung Tile heavy-folded rose, and Illing Thc lilies to and leo, and said " 'The dawn, the dawn,' and died away : And east and west, without a breath. Mix their dim light«, like life and death, To broaden into boundless day." What is it that distinguishes this from the other? Its rhythmic motion is different and nobler : its picturing less obvious, more suggestive, revealing an observation less upon the surface.-these things are manifestly there. But the distinguishing quality is in the nura, the effluence of tho poet's emotional state. It lies in his exquisite impression and thc imaginative attitude into which his mind is worked. It is plain that the trees, with their dark arms looming through thc twilight, thc roses and the lilies, ate touched with the sympathy of the poet's soul. Thc mystic hour dis- poses his soul to a gentle pnssion of imagination. Nature becomes n spirit, with which his own spirit feels. He ex- periences a mood which many of us know, but which not one of us can well express, while he. without mentioning the mood at all, without saying a word of his emotions or his thoughts, makes the cfle.ct of that mood manifest in all his exquisite description, and by sheer 1 force of its genuineness impresses it on , us. The vérifier, then, is he who cannot go beyond exquisite impression at the most. The poet is he who combines that gift with exquisite expression-a capacity for feeling rare emotions and rccoiving impulses to rare thoughts, which he will then utter perfectly by virtue of that imagination which can embody through likenesses and images things otherwise incommunicable. There- fore, the poet deserves the name of him who "makes." He "produces." Com- monplace things in hw mind " suffer a sea-change into something rich and strange," which is to all intents and purposes new, and therefore made by him. And the test of his producing is his immortality. When Bhakspeare says that " no marble shall outlive this powerful rhyme," he means by " power- ful " a poem which is strong in the strength of creative imagination, and that will assuredly outlast the hardest marble or most solid bronze. The earliest poet was he who invented tho first simile or metaphor ; the latest poet is ho who can crystallise in words thc floating thoughts, moods, and aspira- tions hitherto unexpressed. And for this he needs a peculiarly deep sensa- tion «if them, and an imaginative genius to express " things unseen " in terms " of the things which are seen." And what a value thould bc set on real poetry! We are all trying to escape from was una alk bändight, das Gemeine, from th» nurrow rut of the commonplace. And there are two classes of persons who labour their lives long to free themselves and us from the boredom and the tyranny of dull eveiy day experience-two classes of persons apparently wide as the poles apart-tho men of science and the men of poetry. Each has in the end the one great aim, to pluck from Nature some new secret. The scientist ever elicits new facts »nd laws ; the poet ever seeks new- spiritual significance in things. Both widen lifo and life's horizon, and he who calls them hostile to each other surely com- prehends the aims of neither. Let Wordsworth express the thought : ". . . Parodiée and groves Elysian, Fortunate Fields, like those of old Sought in the Atlantic main ; why should tiley be A bistory onl y of departed things Or a mere fiction of what never was? For thc discerning intellect of man, When wedded to this goodly universe In lore and holy passion, sholl find these A ainiplc produce of the common day." Of one side-aspect of this topic I will say a word. "Is Poeta naseüur, non ?fit" a true and incontrovertible saying t We may as fitly inquire, " Is a musician, or an artist, born nnd not modo t" Thc answer is just tue same. As in music orin painting one may bc drilled and exercised till a certain facility of work- manship results ,* so in poetiy one can be drilled and exercised till verses of respectable appearance arc ensured. But as in music or in painting there ts a vision and a faculty divine, which a Beethoven or a Raphael had, and which no man can get by all the labour and cultivation in the world, any more than one can grow peaches from an apple- tree, so is it with poetry. There is such a thing as genius, to which talent or mere skill are as moonlight unto sun- light, oras water unto wine. Ia other words, verse-writing may be taught, but poetry, depending as it docs on exquisite impressions and imaginativo power, is one of those good gifts and tbtse perfect gifts which come down from above, and are from the Father of Light. Well, says E.K., in prefacing Spenser's Eclogues, poetry is "nn art, or rather no art, but a divine gift, and heavenly instinct not to be gotten by labour and learning ; but adorned with both, and poured into the wit by a certain entíumsiostnos and celestial in- spiration." That is, you cannot make a poet, but you can improve and adorn liim by labour and learning. As, then, the poet is a rare and precious gift, let us honour the great name of him who is departed, and before we turn idly to seek for some novelty in verse, let us mako sure I hut we have derived the best wc can from him. THE best medicine known is Sadder and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its omi neut powerful effects in coughs, colds, in- fluenza, ftc -tue relief is instantaneous. Thousands give the most gratifying testimony. His Majesty the King of Italy and medical syndicates all over tho globe arc its patrons Rood the official reports that accompany each bot tle. Wc have no occasion to offer rewarde in proof of the genuineness of our references. The official reports of medical clinics and universities, thc official communication nf thc Consul-General for Italy at Melbourne, and diploma awarded International Exhibition, Amsterdam-all these are authentic dorn monte, und, as such, not open to doubt. Ave add here epitome of one of tho various cases treated at the clinic of Schultz, M.Ü., Pro- fessor, &c.; :-"C.B., 24 years old: conges Uoual abscess on thc thigh. Incisions made in two places. Although Lister's dressing was applied, thc secretion became, two daj s later, very copious, and had adopted a f.rtid decomposed character. The température rose enormously. In consequence thc dressing was removed, and in its placo were made during the day-time repeated irrigations willi Eucalypti Extract. The offensive fa'ler dis- appeared very soon, the fever abated within a few days, and the patient recovered aft ti- the lapse of several weeks. lu this instance wc must not lose sight of the fact that tho latter treatment saved thc patient's life." Ami,] 