LOSDON TABLE TANK. [From our Specil, Correspondent.] Th anks to the firmness of Lord Rosebery and Lord cromer (becore known to us as sir firmness of Lori Bosebery Evelyn, Bring), the "serious crisis in Egypt" was over almost before the public and the Stock Exchange kaew such a thing existed. It seems, however, to have been tolerably acute—for these pacific times—whilst it lasted. The difficulty arose from the youthful Khedive of Egypt, who ia a lad of some parts, having suddenly resolved to *ssert himself and thow Europe he was not Lord Cramer's puppet Ihe course he took-as simple and decisive a one as putting a match to a keg of gan powdei—was to remove Fehmi Pacha from the office of Prime Minister, and substitute Safchri Pasha, a well-known opponent of all Egyptian reforms. Other and teaser changes weie made a?,* h, e *an*B fcnwk but they arlinsignificant. VV.th iakhn at the head of aff«i« thfwork of Oreat Britain in Egypt would have been broughtto a stondstul, and Mr. GorstimS bur fedwia Palmer compelled to pack up their tiapa and depart 1W young AbbaS must have been very He appears^o have ttiought Mr, 'Gladstone woulotfidly avail fcrnaelf tf *,„ „, o£ in^bordifE Wb£Fl? >J*n evacaation <* *c country. When lMfd Cromer caiae to him saying wITT' i?*khri or w« evacuated uiltr, /O! J *? your &tle;?" ?* ?"? his •"P™*"" intention to retort "By all w^'f ce uacnate-'"' Mr- Gladstone, hesuppoaed, wou jd then have had to do so. Unfortunately tor the ivhedive Deither Lord Eoeebery nor * Je great bulk of the Liberal Party have the jemoceut desire to evacuate Egypt Lord Oromers urss act wea of course to announce the incipient rebellion to Lord Roeebery. lie received his reply, and at onoe proceeded to interview <*b youthful potentate. Abbas received the ambassador with much dimity, and the pair weru closeted together for rather less than hal: an hour. At the tad of that period Lord Croosbr, looking very stern, retired, leaving the Khedive in a cou dition of luup humility. The latter, it is eaid, receives a eouud rating. Groat Britain would pot, hia Evcolleucy told Abbas, tolerate hia changing his Prime Minister or taking any other steo of first importance with out consulting the British Minister. Fakhri Pasha .Luglaud considered out of the question aa Premier, cad he must be removed within twenty-lour hours. Any insubordination on the Khedive's part, Lord Cromer addbd, would lead him personally, not the country into trouble. Lee Abbas rtmember the fate of Arabi Pasha, Tue effect of this drastic oraasure was all that Lord Eosebery wished. Within four hours Fakhri Pasha and his Ministry had ceased to exist During its bnet life, 1 may mention, all pub! to business came to a standstill, as the employes refused to recognise a Ministry disapproved by Lord Cromer. J Is is now admitted by Mr. Gladstone's friends that the expedition to Biarritz did him no great good. lie lived a sedentary life, going ouo but little, seemed languid and ill at ear*,, and complained lrequentiyof headache. Ihe veteran statesman's extreme pallor when he appeared at the Cabinet Couucil last Monday was noted by all his coUeat?ue?, and caused considerable anxiety. One of the great difficulties of the present position is that Mr. Ixladatone will no* even discuss the probability ot the strain ot work in Parliament proving too much for oim. It is said that at Thure: day a Council Lord Eosebery took the bull by the horna and urged the Grand Old Man to go R l iSi"? 6 of LoTda albx seeinethe Home itule JiiU through its preliminary stages. The lremier replied irritably that nothing would induce him to take euch a couieq. It would be most improper and cowardly. The stories to the effect that the Home Bute Bill was set up in eecret by a single trusted compositor are pure fabrication. The mea sure was printed three months ago in the u,ual way &c; Eyre & Spottiswood's, save that the manuscript was cun up into each snull portions aB prevented the compositors from obtaining a clear conception of the various clauses. To the manager of the department was entrusted the tack of arranging tbe matter in proper sections and making np the pages. When this was done the type wss locked up in a safe. For nearly five weeks it remained thut, the single " pull" proof being in Mr. Gladstone's possession. In the begin ning of December nine Bills were printed and distributed to menibtjrs of the Cabinet •Since then, or course, many alterations have been made in the measure, but merely in writ ing in the margins. The amended Bill will not be printed till the first week in February. Mr. Henry W. Lucy, who is usually well in formed on political matters, states that the Govemujent have resolved not to dissolve Par liament in any event until the Ministry has been defeated either on the second reading of a Bill of tue first importance or a direct vote of want of confidence. In this decision to per severe despite defections and possible defeats in committee Ministers hold that they will not merely be acting constitutionally but in ac cordance with the principle publicly laid down by Lord Salisbury when his Government waa defeated on a tide Uoue. The attempts to boom (1) the Mattel remedies for cancer and (2) tbe '* much-maligned Mrs. Maybrick" having resulted in failure and necessitated a liberal consumption of apology pudding and humble pie, Mr. Stead has re verted to his old friends the ghosts, and is now appearing daily in a fresh and, he hopes, an attractive and sensational role, viz., as apostle cf the new spiritualism.'' I sent you lately an interview in which Mr. titead described his experiences as a "spirit writer. Sinae then I have been enquiring into the whole business, and experienced there from great edification. To tell the truth tbe ? c« spiritualism does not strike me as differ ing materially from the old. Iw devotees are precisely tbe same nervous, excitable, emotional men and hysterical women, and it is as impos sible as ever to pin any of them down to a reliable material test Tne high priest of new spiritualiKin (next to Mr. Stead, unanimously elected pope on his conversion) is a certain Mr. Lees, wno.&corning; tbe designation of medium, calls himself a " psychopathic therapeutist" Mr. Lees has become a connoisseur in spirits. Ho discovered that to be strictly reliable one's familiar must be old aud mellow, like port wine. " I'ut not your tnic-t iv any spirit under a thousand years old," cries Sir. Lees. His own private and particular ''control"is an Egyptian called Cushua (sounds like a patent medicine, doesn't it?), a very useful old fellow, aetat 1013. "I am," Mr. Lees recently seriously assured an interviewer, "constantly in communication with him, and spoke with him to-day. Cushoa tells me of the whereabouts of the people I want to meet He never deceives me." "Why*" " Because I never deceive him. We are in sympathy. He serves me and I serve him." " What can you do for him f " This iB what I have done. One night he appeared to me and asked me bow much nioney I had about me. I told him some 325. ' I want you,' said he, 'to take 255. of that to Mrs. at such a house.' I went to the plnoe directed, where 1 found a woman with some little children in great distress. I gave her the 2ji, telling her that a friend had sent it * Thank God for that,' was her exclama tion ; if you bad not come we should have been turned out of our home. I owe a. pound for rent; I can now pay that, and the rest will buy us food." In further conversation Mr. Lees declared that he did nut, as a rule, care to have com munication with a spirit who had been less than 1,000 years in the spirit world. When one had been there that length of time he knew fomething about the laws and regula tions that governed that world. The best spirits aud thuse with whom Mr. Lees had most to do were Egyptians. Assyrian*, Chal deans, Persians, Greeks, and Romans. Several aucient languages, with which he was abso lutely unfamiliar, were at times spoken throngh him. Moat mediums had an Indian or negro spirit attached to them, because the maguetism of such spirits was more physical tiuin that of others, and formed an efficient link betuven the medium and the higher spirit?. Said Mr. Lees, "Mrs. Davies's avorite f-pirio is an Indian. Kline is an Egyptian, but I am protected by a negro spirit—and other spirits might get hold of me unless I were protected. Some medium! allow themselves to be used by any spirit who comes along, and when they do that it is no pan of the duty of any spirit to protect them. No spirit can use me unless he has the per mission of my chief control." " Are you in the habit of sending messages through the spirits." asked the interviewer. "Yos," r«[)Ii«1 Mr. Lees. "When away from home I never ush the telegraph. Through Cushua I communicate directly with any of my children wbo may be at home. I have 10 of them alive, and they are all mediums. My wife, although possessed of certain physical qualities, is not a medium. Cushua carries my mee?a(?wi to my children, and my onildren deliver them to my wife. I have a «on connected with the Associated Press in Chicago. There is constant communication going on between us, but we never use the cable. Cushua travels with the rapidity of thought, either on tbe earth or from planet to planet, and world to world. He does more tnan carry messages for me. When materialised he will sit and talk with me; he will reach a book from the bookshelf for me. He is supplying me with material for a history • *E? world? whioh is now half way through its 37th epoch, each epoch having lasted 60 000 years." The interviewer, a shrewd young pressman, promptly suggested Mr. Lew should tett Cushua by there and then (without leaving tbe room) Rendin;* his familiar to hi« resid«ioe m R-tr.-:nV V.H, ... •-....... ;vf rl j,,. nn _ Th( , C .-.;. ijtivuaU all tliijsu wiraotea lavariat.y Cv j • require arrangement. Me Stead is derinl bis best to boom a spiritualist revival, and tin subject being mote or lew attractive to every, body and the missing word erase having collapsed, who know? bathe nay succeed. Personally I readily admit that thprearepra bahly more things in heaven and earth thai axe dreamt of in our philosophy. Sot ton things have always kept me dear ol spiritualism—(l) tile class of men and women who become its devotees; and(2) the prepos terous absurdities which characterise even the most suooeesful seances. Cool, clear headed, unemotional men, each as formed the Seybert Commission, invariably pronounce against. spiritualist phenomena. Now the spiritualist mania has seized Mr. Stead he is experimenting with his absurd " phenomena" on invalids Mr. Less, who, by the way, commenced life as a conjurer, does not call himself psychopathic tberapea. tist for nothing. " When," he told the inter viewer, "I became convinced of the reality of spiritualistic phenomena I eaid, 'To what practical use can I pat this soienae? My attention was drawn to tbe promises ol spiritual gifts to be given to tbe church. I «w-a told by my * controls'—that is to cay by tbe spirits communicating with me—that I should be used more for tbe healing of <siseateg than anything else. That was practical work, and I was quite content to lend myself to that. Per the past eight years I have been curing diseases of every kind by the aid of spi ritualism — paralysis, tumors, blindness, withered limbs, even cancer, to Bay nothing of the lesser ailments to which humanity is subject I operate amply by transmission ol vitality through the laying on of hands, and the measure of success which attends my efforts you can estimate from this batch of letters (showing a large number) received quite recently. I have told you," continued Mr. E«ea, •'how at certain times Mr. Stead feels the power cf writing automatically come upon him. It is the same with me when I pot my hands upon the sick. A spiritual power con trols and directs me. lam at tbe present lame engaged in treating a lady who is in some way connected with Mr. Stead, I am doing tfau in order that Mr. Stead may tiimanlf gauge tbe remits of psychopathic healing. The lady is suffering from loss of flesh. She has fallen away to a skeleton. What name the doctors would give her malady I cannot say. X amnofe a medical man." If Mr. Stead's relative were, as seems tome not improbable, to depart for tbe land of spirits whilst under the pyschwhat-do-you-caU him'e treatment, it strikes me a coroner's jury might take a painfully prosaioand materialistic view of the situation, and oblige Mr. I?ee to ex plain bin spiritualism—much as Mr. Stead bad to explain his phflanthropby—to the Central Criminal Court. Evidently the man. Judging jy the batch of letters mentioned, mnstalready hkve collected a sort of practice, and who "T say what harm he may not be doing; The conversion of " that good man Stead" to spiritualism naturally causes bis «mmh the profoondest satisfaction. If he had deeired to utterly destroy his influence with the robust ower middle classes, who have hitherto been his most fervent admirers, and to shock "the Nonconformist conscience" into fits the editor of the Eeview of Reviews could not have adopted a better expedient. The National Observer hits off the situation as follows:— "The Nonconformist conscience is aghast. Dr. Parker and Mr. H. P. Hughes clasps hands in a common sorrow. Brixton is incon solable, and adown die cheek of Clapham trickles the heavy silent tear. For a good man is no more. Doneto death by an intolerable superstition, henceforth he must wander the world the very ebadow of a shade. In vain does theehallowimpostor beat for redress at the door once opened unto all hi? irmrt In vain does the mendicant 'general* demand «3?«?«j? ' copy' in exchange for a comfortable loan. Modern Babylon offers its hecatombs, and there is none to stay the sacrificial knife. Alas! The champion of parity, the Sir Galahad of the middle classes, baa abdicated his life, and henceforth is no better than m slave of Spooks. O, what a declination, ""* from how high an estate! Time was when Governments trembled at his nod, and (be evildoer subscribed to philanthrophy or turned Gladstonian lest bis private vices should be proclaimed on the nonstop. But now be may go and sin in peaoa and fear not For tbe angel of prayer, die pope of dissent, the universal eavesdropper, is dead. Who shall say 'dead ere Mb pruneT" An excellent employment, in truth! At least it will keep him oat of mitJii^ and entirely destroy the faith of the fadmongers, who wiu not permit their idols to be one inch ahead of their own enlightenment. The Mr. Stead who can spin yon bind "copy" out of any thing—from the Pope of Borne to the steward of an ocean liner—still lives, and wQldouotle?C profit himself and his suburb. But tbe good man, who was a pestilent fellow, and once even a public danger, v dead—dead as tbe murderea he would have reprieved. And we shed, a teac of joyful gratitude upon his grave." Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfonr, whose sig nificant disappearance has materially in creased the uneasiness of &b; unfortunate shareholders and depositors in the Liberator Building Society, is no relation whatever to the late leader of the House, Mr. Arthur Janx-t Balfour. He belongs, indeed, to quire a different class in life. The Bight Hon. Arthur James Balfour, Lord Salisbury'a nephew, is an aristocrat of the purest blue blood. Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfonr comes of a similar stock to Mr. Stead. His mother was a temperance lecturer aud writer of tem perance tracts, and little Jabez oommenoed life thoroughly imbued with "a Nonconformist conscience.'' Mrs. Clara Balfour'a ««*minpn as a worker in tbe cause of cold water were all invested in tbe Liberator Building Society. When she died Jabez, or, as he preferred to be called, Spencer Balfour, was a Parliamentary agent, but seeing possibilities in the Liberator he resolved to devote hi? energies to making his mother's estate worth dividing between himself and an elder brother. Rmrolute and skilful attempts were at onoe initiated to boom the enterprise. Ad vertisements were freely issued, and well known names calculated to carry weight in serious circles were announced among the directors and officials. Lord MVimmn t then known aB Viscount Oxenbridge, became presi dent, and retained the position no to tbe time the society closed its doors. When people mention the Liberator to bis lnrflntiip now-a-days be — well —be shocks "tbe Nonconformist conscience" a good deal. But Mr. Spenoer Balfour's trump card was not the serious directorate nor the aristo cratic president, but a cleverly worded cir cular addressed to all the Nonconformist ministers throughout the kingdom setting forth the advantages of the society, and m airing enquiries as to suitable persons *ny local agents. The immediate results were that large numbers of the recipients of the circulara. with the simplicity and confiding faith of their class, and their profound ignorance of all business matters, sent up money of tbeic own, or offered to become agents, or recom mended others for that purpose. The income increased by leaps and bounds. In a com paratively short time it exceeded £100,00% and ere long this was doubled and then quadrupled. In ten years it was more than a million. Long before that the King Wil liam-street offices had become too strait, and a costly lease of a bouse in Budge-row wob secured. Mean while Mr. Spenoer Balfour had launched forth in other ways. A vacancy on the Croydon School Board in 1873 gave him the first opportunity of «ntaring public life. He enlarged his house, set up a vehicle, took the chair at religious and philanthropic meet ings, subscribed generously to all sorts of local objects, prominently identified tiimraif witb the Liberal party, and was spoken of as a rising man. He promoted the Croydon Tram way Company, and was its first chairman. Between £60,000 and £70,000 were sunk in this undertaking. Some of the lines laid were never used. In Hke course of two or three years it succumbed to its difficulties, and a receiver was appointed. The original shareholders - lost all. How much Mr. Balfonr lost is not known, or whethei be lost anything. After a time there was a reconstruction, but not under his auspices. Not a few people in Croydon to this day utter words the reverse of sweet and polite when tbe subject is mentioned. One venture led to another. An outlet had to be found for the enormous earns which a confiding pablk entrusted to the liberator. Mr. Balfoux therefore formed the House and Land In vestment Trust, the lands Allotments Com pany, the London and General Bank, tbe Setates Company, tbe Building Securities Company, and some others. The directors of mo?t of these concerns was interchangeable, but Mr. Balfour was on all tbe boards, and was the inspiring and controlling genius. His colleagues, or nominees, seem to haye1 done little more than register his edicts. He also started sundry ventures of his own, such as a colliery near Tamworth, and some chemical works at Walsall and at lich field. Such a successful man, who was a modem Midas, wan. of course, much sought after, like Railway King HudsDn, and joined one board after another, until at length he waa the champion director, and belonged tol7o> 18 concerns. It is estimated that he mnst have received from fees alone from £3,000 to ' £4.000 a year, besides what he may have made by commitsione and as an ** expert." Before tbe general election of 18S0 Mr. Balfour bad made one or two tentative efforts after a seat in Parliament. In that year he succeeded at Tamworth, his col ea?ue in the representation being Mr. Hatu.ir Bass. By this time be had reached the high tableland of prosperity, and he continued upon it nntfl the crash came in September last. He took a large mansion in Croydon, standing in its own grounds. Ha set up a carriage and pair with livery servants* He became a J.P. of the county bench. Ha «aye large garden parties, and subscribed more liberally than ever to all sorts of obim>L V/liin Croyd-m was incorporated be beaame •';■•--« i-.:iy. !-.-.' honrhlwwmaj,,,,,^^ i ....mviutata were given. Cfampa^e'flowed like water. Church, chapels, and schools re ceived large benefactions. He presented a cloak with chimes, and a peal of bells to the church he usually attended, besides large donations to the building fund. All the arts of popu- < laxity were freely employed. Time, labor, ': and money were given to anything and every- ■ thing that had to do with Croydon. Croydon, I with a hundred thousand inhabitants, was « sore to become a Parliamentary borough at < the next redistribution scheme, and Mr. Balfour aspired to become ite first member. Hence all the popularity hunting. When the ■ election * came in the lAtter year he * was badly beaten. Later Mr. Balfour ! was again asked to stand for Croydon, ! but refused, and ultimately after failures at Walworth in 18S6 and Doncaster in ■ 1887 the resolute man found in 18S9 a seat at - Burnley. This, it Beems, he resigned some ' weeks ago, though owing to the Parliamentary xeoss? the faot of bis application for the ' Chiltern hundreds did not transpire. Those I who know the erstwhile Croydon Croesus best Bay he will feel bis fall exceeding bitterly. _ ' A Eoured old bachelor, whom convivial friends persisted in bombarding with " Happy JVev Years," thus relieved his mind whilst the : joy bells were ringing. Call thee "New Year," thon «noientshrew, s Why. c'en, thy nickname is not" new." Ine time-worn features ol tby noe Show on th> wrinkled conning lace. Ito just the same old joy and pain, In other quite renewed again, We've ever had va take or leave, fiombl; or proudly. And believe, "Tto but the hammer of the strife That shape* at Imc each human life. . • H«t than. Q1d.1&40 (tore Hotixng we bav^jtot known before? - Then, Year, at faut in epeesh be time, "Happy" thon majstbe—but not "new." Mrs. Mayor-ink's mother having vehemently contradicted the rumor that her daughter had attempted to commit suicide, and assai led in violent terms the paper which circulat ;d the rumor, the prison authorities have thoi ight it well to permit the real facts to transp> .re. It seems either the Baroness Yon Roquea or some equally indiscreet person told the qoor prisoner that women afflicted witfi a mortal disease, eooh as consumption, had in , certain instances been released. The idea of * feigning of the suet in conao quenoa suggested itself to Mrs. May brick, and after consultation with other womei i like her- Belf in hospital she obtained boniehow, and with characteristic pluck swallowed, several needles. The effect was to produce blood Bpitting and a serious Qln£6s. At first the prison doctor did not suspect any hocus pocus, though needle-swallowing ib a common enough expedient amongst oouvicts anxious to be placed on the sick-list. In consequence Mrs. Maybridk grew pretty bad. Then another prisoner, fearful of what would happen to herself (the donor of tha needles) if Mrs. Maybrick died, owned up to the doctors, and proper treatment was administered. Mrs. Maybrick has for some time now been ant of danger, but h in very low spirits at the failure of her wihrYmn., Tho desperation with which, at great risk and the cost of agonising physical suffering, phe carried it through shows her to possess, aa the prosecution at the ferial maintained, great force of character. At the.National Liberal the other evening a friend of Lord Rosebery's was narrating a yarn the latter had told him the previous day concerning his erstwhile tutor, Robert Wil liams, who was practising an the Old Bailey bar about the same time as poor Montague Wiiliama was making a great reputation there. "Bob" Williams, like Monti, tried several vocations, but nnljhn the latter he somehow succeeded in none of them. From a fellowship at Oxford "Bob" Williams drifted into nice tutorships, "bear-leading" first Lord Boseberyand then Lord Lansdowne. After wards he tried the bar, but clients declined to put their trust in a hare-brained genius, co •** Bob" devoted his talents to old port and ■porting journalism, and finally sank into % pauper's grave. "Bob" Williams, genial ton!, could always laugh at himself, and used to tell with great gusto one of bis few experiences at the Old Bailey. It was when prosecuting a notorious thief. "Guilty or not guilty," said the usher to the prisoner, who responded, " Oo's a prosecutin." " Mr. Williams," was the reply. "Then, I pleads guilty." Up rose Mr. Robert Williams to open the case, bat before he could speak the man in dock growled to the warder, "What tiie blank bloomin' blank did yersay Williams were agin me tor f "So he is." "Garr. that aint nfonti." "No, certainly not, itl'a Mr. Robert 'Williams." "Then I don't pie Ad guflty," bawled the accused. "The little fat bloke 'nil 'aye to earn 'is quids— not guilty, my lord.' 9 Moreover, poor "Bob" didn't find the onminp- at all easy. The thief knew for more about the facto and the witnesses than he did; in fact, but for hi? initial slip he would have got off. The messages Mr. Stead has received from denizens in the spirit world cause him ir. the new Review of JieViaet to totaUyignore Mr. * Gladstone and' to assume Sir William Har court will be Premier throughout the gnster part of 1893. Exactly what is to become of the G.O.M. we are cot told. lam disposed, however, to imagine that should the veteran statesman either die or retire from public life or translate himself to the House of Lords Mr. Stead will triumphantly recall bis egnimatic observations this month, and claim to have predicted the circumstance. The "University Correspondent" recently offered a prize for the best collection of school boy blunders. Here are a few selected from a lengthy list which professes to be abe-.lutely genuine:—"Who was Henry 11L!—A zealous luppcrter of the church who died of dissen try." " What is a Papal bull ?—l. A cow, only larger, and does not give milk. 2. A golden salt" A republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. A concise biogrsghy of the Pro lector reads:—" Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for interference in Ireland. When in gaol he wrote the ' Pil vrim'a Progress,' and married a lady called Kitty O'Shea." Tbe youth who wrote the fol lowing puts not his faith in princes:—"Perkin tVaxbeck said he was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable peopks." 