?SSi#ft3$iMlENTLEY. . . ^ WiiUr^ntieytaytoJcDBke his fi«t *p. pearance ^ni3nM&anift;)''«t the -Academy, on $ue^y£^t^^H&mtat;'itt which, o£ coarse, 3re *rili£Bstain 4be - character of the Prinoet-! ^«iniMk. ^S3ie eminent tragedian' will i-e spjjJported ;by-» ^gwjd company, and on Wodneiiay ^ P^vld Qanick,?, and the Scotch faroe xrf '' Oramond Brig 11 will be produced,' ian&^on Thursday Lord Lytton'e '?ttinbeHan,*'-*' Macbeth,'4' The Bella,' and other standard plays will follow. The box plan will 'be opened to-day at Walch Bros, and BirehalPs/ ? . ? ' . Mr BentieyiiaaTecelved jfreafc imdot for his impersonation ?ot the melancholy Dane, and in New Zealand ^exceptionally to rest was taken7 in ? his 41 Hamlet. ' The Auckland JStmfno tffcwy writing on the subject, says : —Hamletfe appearance was received with ?great applause last evening, and we may here remark that MxUentley was called be fore tbB curtain ft® often as was practicable between 'the acta '.U-Xhe first act contains little of special importance to the critic. Tbcfirstgreataoliliquy, ' Oh that this too, J too solid flesh would melt,' was given with 1 idae weight, and the eager questioning of ; Horatio, Maroellus, and Bernardo, a sent the ghost, vm illumined with flashes of real , gonial. Very effective, too, was the acting I whenHamlet, after commencing to tell his friends -rf the ghost, suddenly resolves to keep his own counsel* Without a word from 8b*k§sn6&re; tjbe ^ fctodiepce Immediately understand, In the scene with Polonlus Mr Bentlevfc acting Is distinctly clever. The | saturnine honor Is not overdrawn ; it is 1 always a prince speaking. There is never a ; loss of dignity, and there is a world of meaning in the emphasis in the 'eee yon mock hfm not 'with which the players are] toli to follow Polonius. The Prince of Ben- { mark may eay sharp things to the King's coun cillor, hut strolling players most not mock Ophelia's father* The spcech, ' Oh, what a rogue a»d peasant slave am I' is considered by many to he the finest soliloquy in the play; as explaining Hamlet's weak and vacillating nature it is eminently the most interesting. In Mr Bentley's hands it is the cry of a soul tortured beyond endurance by the conflict of his own emotions. He feels and loathes Ills weakness, and is com pletely broken over that passionate cry for ''vengeance, vengeance 1 ' Then, pulling himself together with a superlative effort, and bursting out, (l Why, what an ass am 1 1 This is j most brave,' the rest of the soliloquy is in a firmer tone of resolution, new courage comes with return of self respect, and there is triumph in every note of the sentence, ' The play's the thing wherein I latch the conscience of a king.' It is in. the play scene that Mr Benticy achieves his greatest triumph, and rises to a perfectly unexpected height in histrionic power. It is here that he fairly carries bis audience by storm ; they fairly rave at him when the curtain falls. The scene opens with the stage unoccupied save for Hamlet. Bis excitement while the King and court enter to see the play is consuming, tod, we might add, contagions. He walks violently up and down, and seems scarce able to con trol his desire to fly at the King's throat, finally, when all are seated, he places him self by Ophelia, where be can turn and sec the King to fullest advantage. From the moment that the mock play begins, the in tensity of his parsion and excitement is terrible to witness. the expression of his face is a study, and asi the plot develops he Insensibly draws nearer and nearer the throne. When the King begins to quail, Hamlet draws still nearer and ytt more near, repeating each word of his play as the players eay it, and his face working in aaanoer dreadful to look on. Finally, when the strain is too great, and the wretched King calls ' Lights, lights!' Hamlet leaps to his feet, and, with a iilooMretzlng laugh of hysterical triumph, flings the manuscript wildly into the air. The curtain runs down on the most powerful stage picture we have ever witnessed in Auckland, and on as fine a histrionic effort as we have seen. It is bard to speak highly enough of Mr Bentley, his impersonation is a fine one throughout, but in this scene he rises far above the beet effort made at any other time. To sum up, Mr BenUey's Hamlet is a distinctly fine per formance, and is thoroughly well worth ceeingby Shakespearian scholars and students as well as ordinary play-goers.' The Episcopal Jubilee, — The Episcopal Jubilee of Leo XIII, was heralded at day break on February 13 by peals from all the churches in Borne. The sixty thousand persons who it was estimated bad assembled in and around 6t. Peter's broke forth into enthusiastic cheer* when the Pope entered at a quarter to ten. He appeared to be in excellent health. This impression was con firmed as the service proceeded, for he officiated at the Jubilee Mass, and, besides intoning the opening words of the ' Te Deum,' gave the Benediction in a strong, clear voice. The mass terminated at a quarter to eleven. Three-quarters of an hour later the Pope returned to his apart ments, and the worshippers slowly dis persed. There was no disturbance of any Bind, and the It&lian; troops, who were in lull uniform, left the Piazza at a quarter past twelve. — On February 20 tbe English pilgrims were present at a mass celebrated by Cardinal Yaugban in St. Peter's. — On February 21 Cardinal Vaughan was formally inducted into his titular church of St. Gregory, on the Ctriian Hill, Home. Tbe church was crowded, mostly with English people, whom tbe Cardinal addressed on the life of St. Gregory -and his work in connection with the evangelisation of England. — On February 22 the Pope received the French Ambassador to the Vatican, who presented a congratulatory letter and two vases, sent by President Camot.- His Holiness, in reply, expressed his sincere desire for the welfare of France. AN ACKNOWLEDGED FACT. — The nicest and largest assortment of Ladies' and Maids' jackets to be had in the city, Cloth and Scalette, Trimmed Beaver, Bear and As trachan. A fresh shipment just opened.— J, H- BOOM, Brisbane-street. 