CABINET COUNCIL. FRESKST.—All the NinisteH. 1'ATTKiisos (pnnliiciiig <i teller).—Gentlemen, I do nut know that we need bother very much with work to-day, but I thought it better that ire should meet formally to make the appointment of A oent-General. Then we can adjourn. TRV\CS.—Good. That will just suit me. There is a case in which 1 an) engaged coming on today O'LOOHLKN-.--! thought that you made an awful sacrifice ivhen you consented to take office. ISAAC--.—So 1 did'--so I did. But briefs are offered to the Solicitor-General, and it is contrary to my etiquette to refuse money. OAMVIIKU,.—Contrary to your principles, yon mean. JKAAI'S.—IVhy, what do you mean, you psalmsiuging— CAMI'HKLL.—I'd sooner sing a psalm than move tin; address in reply for one Government, and sell them in the same session lor a portfolio. O'LOGHLEN.— Almost as bad, good brother. As kill a king and marry with his brother. J'ATI LIIIKON.—Oiy up, the lot of you, or by my truth ae an auctioneer, the first man that begins recrimination I'll knock down as a bad lot. The matter iu hand at present is to appoint. Gillies Agent-General. O'JjOtJ ii ijKx. —lias he accepted ? I'A-JTKKSOX.—Will a duck swim? I liayen'l even truuhlud to open his reply. Here it is {.11101 IK lelt,r). Eh, what's this K Bad luck to the J'V'[H\ he refuses. O'I.OGULI'.N.—Thedevilandhis brother. William of Orange! You don't say 6o!' Good luck to l>unc;in, there will be wigs on the green in the House after all. Faith, I was afraid that we wor not going to have anv excitement next, session at all, at nil. Aych, Patterson, me bhoy, this upsets your orange-cart entirely. PATTKHBON.—This is awfully annoying- Just when I thought that we had got him pleasantly out of the way for a few years. ISAV s.- l.ool; here. 1 see a way out of the difficulty. I'll take the Ageut-Generalship off your hands. I could easily undertake the duties in addition to my private practice and the Solicitor- Geneialsliip. CAMPBELL.—A regular Fooh-Unb—and looks it t" the life. Why, how could you remain here and be Agent-General ? lKAA.-s.--rd mil the. London office by cable—of .T.nr.-o the Government would pay the cost of the cables. J'M I'KKSOK. - Look here, Isaacs, you had better go and attend to your private practice, or (jet up a banquet to yourself amongst your constituent.-. . Kor a. young politician you are not half forward enough. Modesty will be your ruin, ISAACS.--So ail tlu> solicitors say, when 1 niarV uiy fees on my liriefs. But I'll just run up to court. ah you suggest., and-see if mv case is on vet. J'rn't.i.-.-o.v -Look here, boys, this refusal of (ij llii's to take the A gent-Generalship looks like liiis.-hief. What do you makeout of it ? I >'LOOJIJ.I-;N • - Why, simply, that he sees as far inio a millstone as you do. He is a long-headed one i.-i Duncan. lie kuows. that now people have boon educated up to the necessity of retrenchment, n-'iLomy and taxation, the country will soon recover, anil he also knows that the Agent-Generalship i.-- political suicide. He's going to lie low, aud when you have done the taxing and the retrenching 1). G. will be ready to take a hand in turning yo" out. We've got to take the heavy end of the log and do the lifting, and then Gillies and Wrixon will seize the light, end aud do the gi-untittg. CAMI'IIKD..—True. Sic I.-os nan vobis. PATTMISON.--Don't talk Iiussia.il, Campbell,even if you have been across Siberia. <'AM I'UKI.L.—Latin, my dear fellow, meaning that. I'uucrsoii will have the trouble of killing the calf, hut that Gillies will be about irlien the roast veal is on the table. O'LOUULEN.—Suppose that we euchre him by not killing the calf, eh r WYNNE.—Capital idea. "Do nothing. Com;.—And Leppon doing it—splendid. Talk, talk, get reports, paragraph the papers, and let things go on. PATTIOUSON—No, that cock won't fight. We'll have to bring out the original biid. We must go in lor retrenching and economy, but if possible we'll try to avoid an income tax. O'LOGHLKN.—Wiiat about members' salaries \ Is it. wise to dock them ? PATTEUSON.—NO. Yet we must do itfor the look of'the thing. We'll let the members know that they can get; it altered. I I'LOUHI.KN.—Hut the difficulty will be to find someone to suggest the alteration. Nobody will cure to hell (be cat. I'ATTKKSON —I've thought of that. Somebody can work up a person beyond the suspicion of ncedinc-s-, say, Wi-ixon, who will protest, and we'll concur, as it is the feeling of the House, 0'LIM;IU,I;N.—Trust an Orangeman. Faith, it's a grand idea. < •ASIL'HH.I..—And as to Gillies— PATTERSON.—Well, we've got a couple of months to see ji we can't fix him up. Lii'o is uncertain : one of us may pop off the hooks, and while there's death there's hope that we may get billies in with us. CAMI-BKLI,. - Well, so long as 1 am not destined o be his predecessor— I./'IIOI;HI.K.V.—Oh, you're safe for a green old age, Campbell; the good die young. ! iie-Chle.i' Jsaa™.^ ISAAC,--.—Court's adjourned, and there are two fresh briefs for the Solicitor-General at my chambers, so I don't uiiud shouting, (HeiiS'ition.) O'IJOOHLEN.—Wonders will never cease. The ghost walks with Isaacs. Lead on, we will follow thee. C/ltry j'uVuir, amf arc called to the bar on the uwtiuii u/l/ic Sulicitor-Gcneril.^ 