A CROWN GRANT OF '33; DOUBTS AS TO AUTHENTICITY OF THE DOCUMENT. CAMPBELL V. ANGLO-AUSTRA LIAN I.Fi AND L. COMPANY. LOOSE CUSTODY OF TITLES AND RECORDS. Tho case Campbell v. Anglo-Australian I.F. nnd L. Co. was continued iu No. 1 J ury Court, before the Chief Justico and a. jury of four, yesterday. Mr. Cohen and Mr.' Ralston (instructed by Mr. H. A. Lyons) wero for plaintiff, the caveator, Charles Jackson Campbell; Sir Julian Salomons, Q.C., and Mr. Lingon (instructed by Messrs. J. Evans and Sons) for defendants, the Anglo- Australian Invest ment, Finance, and Land Company. The company had applied to bring certain land under the Real Property Act, and to obtain a certificate for it. Campbell claimed to possess a title for the same land, and he lodged n caveat against the certificate being granted as asked. The matter came before the Full Court, when the Court ordered Campbell to appear as plaintiff and tho com pany as defendants. The Court also fixed the following issues to be tried by n jury : — 1. Whether the cavea tor has the beneficial interest in fee simple in the land the subject of tho application, as alleged by him. 2. Whether the alleged agreement or the alleged con veyance by Annie Blackford Want, Napier George Campbell, and Jobn Boyle, were not void 113 sales of pretenced titles. 3. Whether the caveator lias a good title by possession. 4\. Whether Mrs. Nicliol did not give such consideration for the promise to her of a Crown grant of the land in 1831 as made such promise binding on the Crown before the alleged grant to Annie Gore. 5. Whetlior the various conveyances set forth ill tho applicant's case were not void as sales of pretenced titles. Plaintiffs case was stated in The Daily Tclrjjraph of yesterday. The plaintitr was further interrogated. Sir Julian Salomons: Was not Mr. Pen nington, from whom you say you got this alleged deed, a very old man ? Witness: Yes. And he had fallen into drunken habits?— I had heard so. Did you not know so ? Had not you seen him, yourself, rolling along the streets, and is it not a fact that for some years before he died lie was in a state of decrepitude owing to drink?— I won't say it was through drink. He wis a very old man. You have done a great deal of searching for deeds, haven't you, for as much as 40 hours a week, in tho Registrar-General's Ofiice ? — The search ticket extends over three days, and I have spent part of each of the three days there. And yon have made extracts from the public records there ? — I am not allowed to make extracts. Is it not a fact that you have made ex tracts from public documents there? — I have made extracts in pencil. Everybody can do the same. The Chief Justice : I hope that will be put an end to. Sir J ulian Salomons : Now, tell me this — Did yon enter into an agreement with one Hopkins, engaged in the Registrar-General's Department, that yon would give liim £500 if he would help you to perfect a certain title in connection with the matter of Cliupple and Osborne ? Witness: No, Did you enter into any agreement to pay him £500 1 — I did enter into an agreement after Osborne's matter. Did you and Chappie agree with Hopkins that he was to act in conjunction with you and Chappie in disclosing and causing dili gent inquiries and searches to be made as to the property mentioned in that agreement? — mere was suen an agreement. In consideration of that, was not Hopkins to get a third share of your right, title, and interest in certain properties? — Yes. How many agreements had you, or you and Chappie, with Hopkins in reference to properties? — I have hud two ; the other was in connection with Henry Osborne's trustees. What was Hopkins to get in the other case ?— £150, 1 think. What is the total amount you and Chappie paid over to Hopkins? — Perhaps £450. Hopkins was in the Registrar-General's Department when you entered into this agreement to pay this money V — Yes. And lie's there yet? — Yes. How many payments wore there comprised in that £450?— iijeven or eight. Then there was a third share ?— No ; that was included in the payments. He gave up his share in the property for a payment. I gave him a promissory-note for £150. It was dishonored, because the property wus not sold. Have you had similar transactions witli another man in thu public service, in that very department, and given him money also ? — I have not. Well, tell me, what was Hopkins, a man in the public service, to do for you for these moneys ? The Chief Justice : I think it is right to give tho witness a formal warning that ho is not bound to commit himself. Sir Julian Salomons : He knows that, your Honor. Tho Chief Justice (to witness) : You under stand tho question, and you are not bound to commit' yourself. Sir Julian Salomons: Now, tell us what Hopkins was to do. Witness: Well, ho was related to tho Osbornes— distantly related— and ho was to get them to enter into an agreement with me, as 1 did not know them. , Was that all Hopkins had to do?— I think lie mentioned to me a property ' which the Osbornes were owners of, and agreed to point out the property. The Chief Justice : What was the object of pointing out this property V Witness: So that 1 eouhl search and see which portion belonged to the Osbornes. Sir Julian Salomons: Is it not a fact that what vou were paying Hopkins for was that lie and you were trying to lind defects in titles so tliat you might traffic in them? Witness : — No, not at all. There is no foundation for that? — No; I don't think Hopkins knows how to search. Haven't you and Chappie been for years trying to blackmail this and other companies by searching and trying to iiiul out defects in titles ?— No. Haven't yon been trying to levy blackmail by lodging caveats anil threatening suits? — I have been engaged in. land since 1887. Oil, that's the way you put it — yon have been engaged with land sinco 1887. Haven't you boon writing to people to say that they had better eoine and seo you in reference to certain properties?— If I know of a pro perty belonging to a person who does not seom to be aware of it, I write to that per son, and toll him of it. Oil, do you? And you receive certain con sideration for your services ? — Yes, for mak ing searches and tho necessary inquiries as to title. And where they haven't the money you take a sliaro of the land ?— Yes, sometimes. And yon admit that you are not a member of tiie legal profession ?— Yes. The Chief Justice; What is your busi ness ? Witness : Estate agent. Sir Julian Salomons : Did not you tell a gentleman that it was part of your business to manufacture titles ? Witness : No, 1 did not. The witness was then handed his diary, and reading from it lie said that ho found tho date on which lie received tho deed from Pennington was October 3, 1891, not Septem ber, as lie iiad said on tho previous day. Sir Julian Salomons : Aru you aware that that gentleman died on August 24, 1891 ? Witness : No. Now, won't you admit ttiat all you have sworn as to Pennington giving you this docu ment is wrong? — No. But if it wa3 proved that Pennington was dead and buried at the time you state he gave you the deed, what then ?— I don't see how it eouhl be. And you got the deed from Pennington on October 3, 1891? — 1 got it on that day, through Pennington, not from him. But did not yon swear yesterday that Pen nington gave it to you personally, and that you gave him £1 ? — I don't think I said lie gave it me ; I think I said lie sent it to me. The Chief Justice; No; you said "Pen nington came to my ollice and gave it to me." Witness: I told my counsel the previous day- Sir Julian Salomons; Never mind your counsel — you know you have changed your counsel. Witness: Yes; but I'll explain. Sir J ulian Salomons : Never inind your explanation ; we haven't tho same confidence in you tlmt you have in yourself. 1'lie Chief Justice : Did not you swear that Pennington gave you this grant in your oilice in Lynu burst-chambers ? Witness : Yes ; but lie sent it to me. Sir J uliun Salomons : You swore yester day that he gave it to you, and you never went from that in any wav until I had a search made, and found that Pennington was dead at tho time. The Chief Justice (to tho witness): Did not you swear this morning that "Penning ton was perfectly sober when lie gave mo the deed ?" Witness : I must have. Sir Julian Salomons: Who is tho person you will now swear gave you that docu ment? Witness: I don't know; it was brought from Pennington. You don't know who gave it you ! Was it a man, woman, child, or ghost?— It was a young man. And you never saw him before or since?— No.f Was lie the man you gave £1 to ? — I gave him £1 and Pennington £1. The second amount was for another grant. Now, I give you another chance. Will you swear that the signature " Richard Bourko" on the alleged grant is not in your handwriting, or that you caused it to bo written ?— I did not. Tho missing book of records of deeds was then further referred to. His Honor said that it was a very serious matter that records of so valuable a character could be thus easily lost. George Evans, sen., solicitor, said he had seen the " Cumberland Register " for 1883, but it could not now bo found. When he saw tho book, he could not find in it a record of any sucli grant as that produced by tho plaintiff. Robert Lee Pearson, principal draughts man of the Lands Titles Office, said he had not the slightest doubt that the parchment put in bv plaintiff was a forgery. The record of that, date had been mislaid. The Chief Justice considered that someone invested with more responsibility than tho book porter should bo in charge of these volumes of records. The witness stated that ho lind seen the mislaid volume, anil there was no such re cord in it of the grant before tho Court. George William Hill, records assistant in the deeds branch, swore that tiie volume that Evans aud Pearson had examined for record of the Gore grant was the volume of 1835, and not 1833. In course of cross-examination by Sir Julian Salomons (counsel having secured the permission of the Court to cross-examine his own witness), Hill stated that he had several times been iu Campbell and Chappie's office in connection with the purchase of a piano on terms. He desired to have Chappie as a reference in connection with the purchase. He had had loans of money from Chappie. Ho did not see how volumes of records could bo ab stracted from his department, as there wero always a number of clerks about. The plaintiff, Campbell, wa3 recalled. To Sir Julian Salomons : Ho was aware that for more tiian 30 years after tho date of the supposed grant persons entitled through Mrs. Aim Gore were endeavoring to get the grant. Mr. Cohen submitted the grant, and urged that it could be rightly admitted in evi dence. His Honor declined to admit the docu ment. It was proved in this case that the document had not come either froin the person from whom they would expect it or from the place where they would expect to find it. Therefore it came into court without those surroundings of authenticity it should have. There was no account of the exis tence of this deed until 1891. If it existed the Gore family know nothing about it. Plaintiff's statements as to how he had become possessed of the deed were abso lutely false. They might be l'alse by misap prehension, liut they were none the less false. The deed also caine into court clothed with a suspicion of dishonesty, and that was another ground upon wliich a judgo could refuse a deed of that kind unless it could be proved. He was not at that moment called upd'n to decide whether that deed was a for gery or not, but he said that the deed did not come from tho proper custody, and must therefore be refused. At the same time he would impound tho deed. It was intimated that. counsel for plaintiff would like time to consider their position in view of the rejection of the grant, and it was agreed that the Court should adjourn until next morning. His Honor said that whatever the result of the ease migtit be, ho hoped that it would lead to an alteration in tho way in wliich business was conducted in the Registrar- General's ofiice. It seemed to him that the business was conducted most loosely, and was most dangerous. Under the present system no one's titles were safe, that was perfectly clear. 