THE STORY-TELLER. -» THE PRIORY GHOST. » Part III. " ëorry we have no better quarters to offer yon, Meredith." " I am no sybarite, Verschoyle. You'll say that when you see ray room at home. My housekeeper is always bewailing my lack of appreciation of what she calls comfort "-taking out his pocket book as he spoke, and putting it on to the dressing table before he took off his coat. Laurence took quick note of the posi- tion of the book upon the table. " Well, good night, old fellow," adding with an elaborate assumption of carelessness, " Oh, by the way, I'd nearly forgotten ; there's a key in that door-the one belonging to this must be lost, I tancy ; bat it seems hermetically sealed. Ton can't open it, you see," turning and pulling at the handle; "and you are safely barred in at the window,1* with a little laugh. "All right, Verschoyle. A barred window and a locked door ought to be enough. Geod night," telling himself they must talk over things in the morn- ing. Too late to enter upon what he wanted to say, just then. In the morning Verschoyle should be made to see that here was a friend who was not to be put \- put off ; they must go into matters to- gether. Verschoyle mast be induced to set to work, and in the meantime it must be so contrived that the mother and daughter should be better oared for. «'Tell him that I have taken a great fancy to this old place ; and, between our- selves, give him a few thousands for it, perhaps-to be settled on them - yes, » certainly settled on them." Once in his own room. Verschoyle sank into a seat and buried his face in his hands. " If there were but any other way bat this ! If only the man had not gone there bragging about his thousands!" trying to persuade himself that there had been bragging, and almost hating Mere- dith for the wrong he was about to do bim. "He wonld not do it! Let the worst come to the worst-he would not !" wringing to his feet again, andr fiercely shaking his first as against some unseen tempter. The clock in a distant church tower chimed twelve. One vibrated on the night air; it would soon be too late! Morning would dawn, and the opportu- nity be gone. Shivering with the remem- brances of what the morning might bring _ -rain, disgrace, his whole life blighted he once more decided there must be no 'drawing back. With set teeth and deter- mined eyes he went towards a chair upon which lay a folded garment. He shook it out-a long, dark, military cloak- and proceeded, in awkward but tolerably , efficient fashion, to pin the cape so as to, as nearly as possible, resemble a monk's * hood. Changing his boots for slippers, he enveloped himself in the cloak, drawing the hood well forward, so as to cover the whole of his face ; then softly opened the ' room door, and stood listening with bated 1 breath. No sound broke the stillness. He stole noiselessly forth and entered a small room, the door of which was ajar, as he himself had placed it a couple of honrs previously. The room opened into a larger one in which was Allan Meredith. Laurence stole silently to the comtnnni «ating door, locked, and with the key out- side. It had been well oiled; but this notwithstanding, there was a slight sound, like thunder to his guilty ears, as he turned the key in the lock. He waited breathlessly for a few . - moments again, then hearing no sound from within, softly pushed open the door and looked in. His eyes, were, at once, directed towards the bed. Yes, Meredith was, apparently, fast asleep. To make qn'ta sure, he stood silent and motionless, 'listening intently. v The quiet, even breathing of one in s deep slumber reached him. He moved softly ^ o ward the dressing table, his eyes still turned upon the bed ; then he stood motionless again, a tall, black figure in the semi-darkness. Why did he hesitate ? What was it that suddenly impelled him to tell the truth; and cast himself npon the mercy of the man lying there-his good angel battling for him? The scales trembled ia the balance for a moment and then as thorgh he had chosen-" Evil, be thou my good;" and the way was at once made easy for him. His eyes lighted on a dark object,which he knew at once must be what he was in search of, lying on the white toilet cover of the dressing table. His hand closed over it.his eyes turning once more towards the bed. Not a movement, not a sound. Pocket book in hand he noiselessly crept ont, locked the door on the outside and sped back to his own room again. Half the danger was over. He had now bat to extract the money he wanted, ' and replace the book where he had found it. He put the book on the table, and sat down. _ " What was that ? A sigh-a whispered word ? Or was it a coward conseience P'| He sat back aghast for a moment ; then with a resolute face, bent forward, laying his hand npon the book. Suddenly he < paused, raising his head again. A sound -a movement P Surely he heard some- thing 1 He hurriedly blew out the light, * and sat with all his senses on the alert. ""Again! Something or someone was in ' the room ! Meredith ! Had Meredith seen and v followed him-had the time come to act "the part of jester? Unconsciously, he ^ he was gazing straight before him, into 'the dressing glass, faintly reflecting, in the pale, gray light of the summer night, the objects around. Again a slight move- ment, hardly displacement of the air ; bnt sufficient to intimate a presence there. Should he break into a laugh, and chal Jr1 lenge Meredith-sheuld he--. Great 'f heavens ! Mirrored in the glass, he saw a shadowy form moving silently towards ;f^tójÉh-a form draped in cowl and gown. : :T_.e monk ! ^" 'Laurence Verschoyle fell back in his l> chair, his eyes fastened upon the figure ~ faintly outlined in the dim light, the left «,;s hand raised, as if in solemn warning, and '""the right stretched forth towards-the pocket book ! K , iHe saw it taken from the table, then ^everything faded from his vision, and he *s lost consciousness. ^ !{, When at length he came to himself, it ¡è was a little confnsedly, and itgwas some %rHi_io before he remembered wnlle he was and what had happened. The peeket ¡r f F book ! His eyes went hurriedly over the table. Gone! It had been no -dreanv then-no trick of. the senses. He flung ont his arms upon the table and buried his face upon them. Suddenly a faint hope sprang1 up in his heart. It most have been Meredith ! His own fears, and the dim, uncertain light, had imparted the spectral, shadowy appearance, and exag- gerated the whole effect. Meredith must nave imagined-as in case of emergency he was to have been induced to imagine that a jest was being played off upon him, and had determined to return it in kind, managing somehow to get himself up for the role. Had they not been talking about the monk and the gesture of warn- ing ? Y es ; Meredith, of course !-be- ginning to recover his nerve. He had been caught; that was all, and he had only to treat the whole thing as a jest. But all this notwithstanding, there was an under-current of something very like fear in his mind which caused him to watch the slowly broadening light of day, with feverish impatience for the time when he could enter Meredith's room. It would not do to go too early, lest his very anxiety should arouse the other's suspicions. Everything now depended upon his being able to treat the whole thing as a jest. He threw off his disguise, washed and dressed, and then sat listening for the usual sounds of Sally's movements about the house. When the clock struck six he could contain himself no longer, and made his way to Meredith's room, going to the door which opened into the corridor. Meredith in response to his knock, unlocked the door and admitted him. " Up already, Meredith ?" "Yes, I am accustomed to rise early." As he advanced into the room Laurence darted a quick look towards the dressing table. There lay the pocket book ! He had been right ; it appeared as a jest to Meredith, and he had played one off in return. " Had I only guessed and kept my wits about me, instead of making a fool of myself, by going off in a fainting fit, the jest might have been better kept up.'* " I see you can make, as well as take, a jest, old fellow," he began,with an attempt at a laugh. " I was too sleepy and lazy to do more than take it, Verschoyle. I saw what was done both times ; but the restoration was done best." "Restoration?" " The puttinir the book hack. Laurence Verschoyle drvpped into a chair, gazing at the other with widely opened eyes. " Do you mean to say you did not ? For Heaven's sake tell me the truth, Meredith! Yon followed me te my room and brought the book back. I I-saw you !'' " That you did not, and could not have done, Verschoyle. I did not rise from the bed after I lay down until six o'clock this morning, just before you came in." " You-must either awake orasleep,yon must have," catching at a last hope that the other mast have walked in his sleep. " No ; on my honour j I was tired, but I could not sleep. I saw the ghostly appearance each time ; and I was »mick by the difference in the second. It was a more ghostly affair altogether. I saw, in fact, only a hand and part of an arm." Laurence went hurriedly to the door opposite that by which he had entered, and turned the handle; looked on the ontside, as he had left it ! " The first came that way," said Mere- dith, who had followed him with his eyes ; "but not the other." "Meredith, it was I who came, and I came but once !" ejaculated Laurence, shudderingly. He covered his face with his hands a few moments ; then in sudden desperation confessed the whole trnth. *' I meant to rob you ! I dressed up as a monk for the purpose. I took the book, intending to abstract five hundred pounds ; and, if you i woke and challenged me, was going to say it was done to try your pluck. I had taken it to my room. It lay on the table before me, and I was about to open it, when a feoling I can't describe came over me. I knew I was not alone. I was sitting before the dressing-table, and, glancing into the glass, saw the reflection of a figure standing behind me-the figure of a monk ? A deathlike hand was put forth. I saw the fingers close over the book, and then I suppose I lost conscious- ness, for I can remember no more." " The monk !" Meredith gazed at the other, and became gravely silent again. "I was in terrible straits," hurriedly went on Lauronce. " I meant last night to apply to you for a loan ; bnt I fancied you seemed rather hard and stand- offish, and what I had to tell was not easy to tell. There was a prison before me, Meredith, unless I could get money, which there seemed no chance of my being able to get, and the knowledge that you had all these notes tempted me. I meant to take the five hundred, put the rest back, and trust to the chance of your not suspecting how it had gone. Of course I cheated myself with the belief that if I could set myself straight this time, I would put my shoulder to the wheel and repay you some- how. I think I see myself as I am-now, and I know I shall not again try to re- trieve my fortunes that way. You can't despise me more than I despise myself!" " I'm very sorry," said Meredith, " I did not imagine yon were in such immed- iate necessity. J only wish yon had told me last night, when all this might have been prevented "-still speaking a little abstractedly. Was it to be regretted, afterall, that Verschoyle had been brought face to face with himself in this way, since it had brought about such a revul- sion in his mind ? He presently decided what course he would take and went on : "Look here, Verschoyle. I intended last night to ask you to let me help you in some way, and only delayed until this morning because I wanted to reflect a little as to^the bust means of doing so. We will go into that later on. I will only say now that yon need be under no anxiety as to the money. I have a good income-more, a great deal, than I desire to spend-and there is a large surplus lying idle at my banker's just now. Use it to set yourself straight with the world, old fellow ;" then, as the other made a gesture of dissent, " Let me have my say. Yon shall repay me when you have made your way-as a man of your ability is sure to do. Nonsense ; you have your mother and sister to consider, you know." " My poor mother and Madge. Mere- dith, you could never imagine what my sister has been to us." " Couldn't I?" thought Meredith, " She has kept us going the last six months; and though the pressure was growing heavier and heavier, she never \- What a selfish brute I have been !" "Come, it's something to recognise that !" thought Meredith. " There's some hope for you, after all;" adding to the other. " We will get these bills settled at once, and then we can see what you are most inclined to turn to." ._ The two young men went down to- gether, and found breakfast awaiting them-a more varied and bountiful repast than had been set bofore them the pre- vious evening, Sally having run down to an adjacent farmhouse for supplies. The two breakfasted together alone. Mrs. Vershoyle kept her room till late in the day, and her daughter, who was superin- tending in the kitchen, had only time to look in with a morning greeting. After breakfast the two young men held consultation together, then set off for the town, called at the lawyer's office there, and sent off sundry telegrams. When they returned to the Priory later in the day, it was explained that Meredith had been helping Laurence With his advice on business matters. " He is the best old fellow in the world, Madge-acting with the noblest gener- osity ! I think all our troubles will soon be over now," said Laurence to his sister, when they we alone. " Generosity ! Oh. Laurence, you won't take his money ?" she ejaculated, a ring of sharp pain in her voice. " Not his money!" "I won't take advantage of him, Madge. I swear it. Something has happened. I am a different man, and my whole life will be changed." His tune and manner gave her more hopa than even his words. " I am going to set to work in earnest, and he will be repaid for all he means to do." " Are yon sure ?" she mnrmured ; adding a little doubtfully, with the re- membrance of past experience : " But. how?" '. That you will see later on." She was to see, in another way than he supposed. Meredith lost no time in striving to gain the prize he had set his heart upon, returning again and again to Priory until he had won his wife. It was the last evening of their stay at the old place. On the morrow Margaret Verschoyle was to be his wife, and they were to go direct to his beautiful Deavon shire home for the purpose of comfortably installing her mother there, before setting forth on the tour. Mrs. Verschoyle*» health had wonderfully improved with the knowledge ef her children's bright pros- pects ; and wonders were expected from the soft Devonshire air. They had been reading1 a letrer from Laurence, full of hope and enthusiasm for the now life he had begun in Canada, where ho had chosen to make his start, Meredith having rendered the way easy for him. As thoy lingered on the terrace the happy girl ventured to whisper out the confession that had to be made before she became his wife. She must have no se- crets from him now. " Allan, you know how-Laurence has told you what he meant to do. But there is something else you ought to know. How shall I tell you ? He thought he saw a ghost that night ; but, oh, Allan, it was I." " I don't think he would have done it after all, darling. I believe he would have made a clean breast of it in the morning in any case." " But you are not surprised to hear it was I who played the ghost the second time P" He replied only*!with a caress. " I did it in the desperation of the mo- ment, and fear gave me courage." " The first time I have heard of fear giving courage," taking the sweet face between his hands and looking into her eye«. " Oh, well ! I meant fear for him. I thought-I feared that Laurence was go- ing into your room. I watched him go ; and then putting on a long waterproof cloak, and drawing the hood over my hoad to look like the monk, I followed him It was I who put tho pocket book back." "How did you manage it?" with a smile. "You see, you had left your window a little open. I climbed the thick ivy that runs up the wall-I had often done it when a child-slipped my hand between the bars of the window, and put the book upon the table." " But you forgot to raise your hand in warning, and ghosts are not generally in in such a hurry, I think, to say nothing of the size of the hand." " It was a scramble ; did you hear me fallP" "I heard a little'Oh!'" "Then you did knowP" " I knew Verschoyle had a very good sister." "Allan, I do not think he suspects. Ought I not to tell him the truth P" " Not 'yet. Since the impression has worked such good effects, as well let him remain under it for a while. Time enongh to knock down the scaffolding when the building is completed-oh, darling?" Strand Magazine. 