BASIL'S BRIDE ' OU.U'TKli XVII. /' ' : '' ' Tire light in Onptnin Ohosham's room wnsjturned.ao; low thnt only tho ,; pute linos of objoots wovo visiblo, 'niid' Dd- loros had topnuso for n fow-. seconds . tho gloom. ' Prosontly, howovor, alio wns nhlo to distinguish everything with perfect- diatinotnosa. Yos, : tliero on a smnll table by tho hod, was tho glnaa of lorn- onado aido by aide with n yellow-back norol, put thoro in enso tho gallant captain should ho wnkoful and ' want to lull himsolf off to sloop by rohding. Slowly rthd : faltoringly tlio girl hd- vnnood, almost inolinail to turn bnolc ovon at. this Inst momont. But event ually -alio- stood bosido tho glnss of lomoundo, , and now that tho timo ; for notion had nbsolutoly oonio. hor cqur- ngo rovivod, and ' sho. poured the liquid out: with a stonily hand.; ' . Hush! "What wns that? ' Every drop of blood soomod to' rooailo from bor lionrt, for thoro wns a suddon fluttering of wbito, drnpory :noar tho wiriddWj.'aiid Int.; firrt- .'sho SiwhsLstriiok with a horriblo foiiv. ' lest soinoono might havo, boon in hiding boliiud it : nnd\wntebing lior notion. /; j' '/ " N6;'it!wns only' tho 'inch curtains flhalcon by the broozo tlmt camo in from tho' opon ensomemt. But white' slid i stood; tlioro bi-onthtess, -. - oxpootnnt, , another sound . bi;oko tlio -still noas, , faint nnil yot olonr— (i rogulnr niouot- onous tioking, 'pteodeding' from some- thing near thd boil. , Doloroa rooog-, , nisod'it as tho Round to which super stitious pooplo havd givon tho nnmo of the Denth Wntcli; - ... Struok.hy n suddon ynguo pvosoiiti- mont'of impdhdingbvil, tho :tdrriliod girl ran quiokly from tho room, and ' did not brpntho frooly until: hor own ohdmbor wns gninod anil tlio door of communication double loclcod. . Then " sho sank down trqmbh'ng on n. qlinir, clasping hor' lmndB nbovp-lior heart as if to still its /wibl bantings; ' V. : Presently, liowbvor, hor. agitation censod;s and,; quiokly undroBsirig, sho .got into bod-; but sloop's- goiitlo pop- pies woro vory.ooy in. visiting/lier, tiroa oyolids; and sho lay thoro, "! wnkofnl. ana alert, till tlio banging 'of Basil's door told hor that ho :liad nt length re tired to rest. ' In 'the 'morning wlion: thbyi mot at . bronkrhst, she loolcbd at hini with a new, shy (;onriosity,v,.linlf wondering' whether sho would ado any olmhgo in Ilia appearance, and moro than half inclined to ridiculo hor bwn crodulitv. It: soomod to lior that ho was a littlo pnlel;nnd n triflo moro subduad than usual, but, Avhon ho ctiuglit lior furtive, gldnoo bo mot it: with a smilo.- 'Oomo out into 'tho gardon, Doloroa,' ho said, to her,' "whou "tlio. moat wns over; 'it is suoli a lovoly morning, niid tlio frosb air will do you good.', j Romowbnt to bis surpriso sho at. ' once conspntod, .mid a; foiv niiimlos ' Inter .Miss. Stnnl iopo' lidd r.liog'rntificn- tion.of sooing tliem loitering outsido on tiiq torrndd . while they oh nttod ; i to- gothor gaily,,- ; . ; : . v -; Jii.oftoqt, ibis -.wos .tlio . M(ii;a.t . limn tliby had bobii itlpiie siucd tlmt fntofiil 1 evening of tho biill', and both soomod to ignore .as.- much as possible tho nwkwardnoss of their.prosoiit relation- sliipi - Bii8iron his part was only bo- ginning, tho oampnign' tlmt lie bnd doliboratoly plannod fo win Dolores' lovo, . while she.was.snying to horsplf, Itnlf 'altnMtftrll - flVflf /nil rondy tho spoil was working, and hor husband was .learning .to rognrd lior. with loss distaste ! i . -They ' fod tho poacooks, thojr sauntered down to the haha dividing v tho < lawns from tho pnrk', - and looked at tho deor, who wore hording togothor among'tho .gqldqn-tintod'braokou, thoy admired ; tlio 'fliimih'g ' glorios of tho autumh-tbuchdd' walnut troo, and ''finally thoy oamo hack to tlio sunny south border,- whoro dahlias and holly- bocks woro still flaunting tlioir rich colours,. and, tho Gloiro do Dijon, roso, trained over the deep .'red byick wall, was dropping a showor .of goldon petals "on tlio moulds below. /There is one oxquisito blossom-— it "will just do for. you to wear m your frohk,' said Basil, and ho atoppod aoross' thb horior,' and out tho flower for her — a lovoly, croamy bud, with a couple of fresh' grooir loavos growing " on its stem. ' . : Doloros tlianked liiin. nnd plnood it jn hor bpdicq with fingors tlmt woro hot 'quite steady, "for sho felt that his eyes wore upon lior. alf tho while. 'Doloros,' ho bbgaii, coming a stop noaror; but what ho "would have added wns not destined to bo known, for at that moment HJulalio and Lord Chos- 1mm joined tho husband and wife, and all further clmnco of a felt-a-ietc was " «QVor — for tho present nt ionst. Novorthgjoss, both folt that a stop hnd boon miido in tho right direction, and -when thoy mot again in tlio after- Boon — for Lord .Cbeshfiin had carriod his nnpliow oil, and monopolisod him nil tho morning with a loarnod disserta tion on sheep and mnngol-wurzol ! — onoli was conscious of somo auhtlo ohftiigo. ' I wnnt to tnlco you for a drivo this afternoon,' said Basil to his wifo. ' I :niay . lmvd tlio ponios, may I not, Lady Choslinm ?' V' J ' Oil, I ,nm so sorry !' oxolaimod Lady i'dhbslinin, ' but Eulaiio and I aro going td'drivo Doloros ovor to l'riors Abboy. Yoii inny bnvo, tho ponios to-morrow, Bnsil.' .. | Basil dobkod disappbintodj and _ it struok him tlmt - ho dotoctod a .faint glbnm of triumph in Eulalio's hluo oyos. Thnt. nstuto young lady had iiidood suggbstod tlio oxpodition, in ordor to offootiinlly- provout ' Oaptniu diioshniri and his wife boing togothor dliring tho. aftornoon. . . , . . , \- i Howoyor, ho hroiigh't put tlio rugs and iuoko'd'. tliom round ' Doloros' foot "as ' sho took hor plaoo in tho ' pony- enrrmgo ; llion ho stood on , tho stops, waving his. hand hs sho Jookotl uook to siiiilo at him whbn'tlioy "'woro half way down the nvoniip. j Ilow swoot and bright and fair sho was,!' Bnsil innryollod at .his formor iiisqiiBibility to hor hoauty. , Tho barringo' . finally " disappoarod boyond ' . tlio lod go gatos, ! nnd ho turnoil found uuth .tho intention . of going, indoors: again.: Suddenly ho , staggorod nnd stunibiod forward, only recovering himself 'with h strong blfortl Fortun ately ho was standing noar tho marble, bfilustrndo, and; this lio grasped, and so kept himsolf from. falling,-. ; j Biiwkiris,' tho butlor,' who happonbd to ho crossing tho hall, hurriod down to his' assistance, and was nbsolutoly alnrmod at tho young man's pallor. I 'Loan on. mo, .sir; thorq, that's bottoiv Is it faint you afo'feoling, sir ?' : MSL'.'.. 1 'Faint and siok,. ahd:hiilf suffriontqdj' ; lhuttorqd Basil, in,q lq\y:yoiop. '.Good: .iibnvons what , onn ' ho tho matter ' w.ith Iho ?' : ' Thb attnok: was . of slioi't 'duration,: and . in ; a f qw , minutqs; tho horrible ; fooling of suilqontibn wont aiyay,. and tlio- young mnh was -able to stand without Assistance. ; \ ' Lot mo help you into tho hall, sir,' siiid , Dnwkins, v sympnthotioally, , f and thnn.I'niin got you somo hraiidy.' i But Basil rofuso'd: ' ' ' 'I 'No, I will go iiito tho library through tho French window, it is opon, nnd you onn bring mo tlio brandy, thoro.. And, oh ! I say, ,Dawkins,.you had .bettor koop q quiot tongue in your howl about this offauv I don't wnnt it talked of all ovor: tho houso.' ; Dnwkins noddod tebiiiprohousivoly, and disappoarod, while Basil ontorod tlio library by tlio way lib lind sug gested, and throw himself;, on a oouoh. Aftov drinking tlio brandy, ho folt quito well, but, ' all tho 'saino, tho sud- donnoss and yioloiioo of tho soibufb had soinowhnf uiinoi.. .odliim. | ' "What on: 'earth oKp; it' ho ?' ho muttered to himself. V I noror had shell a sensation in my. life boforo. 1-Iavo I boon drinking , too much' whisky, or smolcing too many cigars, I wonder " 1 But his consoionoo noquittoclhim of either of these;, oxcossos, and, .try as; ho ivould, lio could find no clue ' to' the my story, une tiling uorosoivoa, ana that wiis not'to hroatho a word'of what had Impponod to ahyqno. , His uiiolo, who was oiio bf tho most norvous mou ill ofbiitioii, : would ' hayo bopn suro to mnlcb a grbnt.h'uhbiib; .and Basil, liko most '< people,' .hated having a fuss made nboiit his own lionlth.' , tDiiriiig tho rbst of tho day ho kept pretty 'quiot; and thoro' was no 'return- of his symptonis. .. . i ' It wns a sort' of voftigo, l ox'pobt,' ho thought; ' Yory likely it won't at tack mo ngnin.'' Aftor dinnqr hb- joinod tho : ladies in tlio drnwiiig-rboni oarlior; tlmu usual. Doloros happbnedito bo sitting in tlio' -window , roboss, looking out on;: tlio . ihboiilit; glbrios' of tlio lawns and liold- 'ing a book in lior blind; But it. is to bo fonrod slio did not gain ninoli ad vantage from lior .literary oiforta,--;for' tho vblutiib was iipsido down, and hor tlio u glits woro i n ton t on thn t soono of lust iiiglit, wlion sliu hajl stood' listen- ' ing tii tlio dciitii- wutoh in Basil's bed- rooiii. 7: ; The youug man took a soatl.hohr hor, and' a hot flush of oolour mquritod to Uior cheek", ns sho' mot hisf gnzo. NVliiit would, ho think: if ho could ktiow hor action of tho niglit hqforo— would hp not dqspiso lior from tho bot tom of his 'heart?, v . ; V' / Tlnf lin must . nnvor know — novor— novor — novor. . ' Did you onjoy your drivo this nitornoon ?.' ,lio nskod, gontly. ' Tho bid Abboy is ono of our allow -places about -hero.' .' " ; : ' It was dolightful !' sho nnsworod, bnthusiastioally, forgotting hor awk wardness itiitho mouiory of howsploh- did tho old ivy-clad building - looked, with tho peaceful afternoon sunshine lying upon it, and flooding tho sraqoth oxpqnso of:.volvot. grooii sward— onoo tho bowling groon of , thq .monks, nuiybo— that strotolio'd in front oE it; I don't think "I over quite realised what moditoval England meant till I saw I'riors Ahbpy; ' It' took" ono back throo or four cbiiturios at onbo, and if a file of old Franciscans lidd como out of that groat iron-clampod oak door and walked round the groon, I don't boliovo I should have boon a bit surprised.' ' I aui. glad you liked it — I thought you would. Thoro aro ovor so maiiy logonds connected with it and with tlio old frinrs— whoso ghosts, thoy say, may of ton hp soon on moonlight nights, muttering tliqir prayors in tho ruins of the old chnpbl.- But I don't think ono of those legends is. half so sad as tho real history of tho last maBtor of thb'Abhoy.' . ; ' Who 'waS tbqt ?' sho ouquiroil, quiokly. ' ' His nmno was St. Maur — I havo ' of ton hoard my. parents speak of him, .though I can't romombor him' myself ; He was n yory hnndsomo man; but poculinr, anil of studious hnbits. In his onrly youth ho lived a good donl abroad, and dill not sottlo down nt tho Abboy until ho married. "Who his brido wns no 0110 soomod to know, but bIio was oxcossivoly beautiful, nnd ho was vory fond of hor. Somo time aftor their marringo a voung man camo to sl ay at tlio Abboy. Ho did not go out or soo visitors, and thoro was a sort of mystory about him that no ono sucoopilod in ponotrntiug. Ono find day ho disappoarod, anil with ' him Mrs. St. Maur, anil aftor tlint tho poor doBortod husband shut himsolf up in . tho Abboy, and rofusod to soo anyono. Ho soomod nbsolutoly orushoil by bis wifo's flight, and soon afterwards the neighbourhood hoard that ho had loft tlio Abboy with his littlo child, and thnt tho plaoo was for sale. It was bought by a noblomnn. who, however,- qoldoni comos down to it, and for/thb most part it is given ovor to tho carb' of tho housokoopor nnd tho ghosts.' ; ; It is a sad story, murmurod! Do- loros tliouglitlully.- What boqamo of 'Mr. 'St. Maur?' "That no ono knows. 'Ho; disap poarod ns oomplotolv ns if ho: had novor boon, null not ono of his old frionds has over .: hoard frbm . him 'since.''''-.' '. v..' " = "; : 7: " ' ' Probably lie is doad.' : i 1 v ; ; - .; : WLikoly onough." iBiit ho would not. bo.muoh more than- a middlo-ngod man , pybii yot. leupposo lib iyns auxio'us to cut oil evbrjr link'tbat bound hiin to his old lifo. Peoplp'i wore, ;drondfully- : shoqkod, at-his, iwifo's oloporabnt; . for sho had boon, . to ..all .appoaranoqs, utterly dovotoil to ;her: liusb'aiid.l ' ' And . sho has never'- 'bom hoard - of since ?' : !; '; - ' . y,:- i : foyi !-:V ' No. ; It is- euppbsod . sho; doft- tli country— and probably - lib ; did as well.'- ' ' '- At this momont Doloros was '-called'-.- upon for 'some musioj and-it! ' was liqi; husband, who hurriod to open tho piano fpr her, .and who turned ovor lior music loavos' whilo sho sang. ' 'v ' "What conjugal1 devotion'!-' snoored: Eulaiio.'. to Lndy .Chqsham; by, . whoso: sido sho -was. sitting; while tlio jpnlpus oyos novor loft tho oouplo at tho piano.' ' It is : quitb rofrosliihg to see such- affootion in marriod; people nowadays, - isn't it?' - I!; Lndy Ohoqham. was .not yory . sharp, it is truo, but b'voii sho suspected; tlio 'eatiWi - : ' Quite tlio propor thing, my dear,' slio returned, promptly. 'If marrioa pooplo woro to;tnko moro- pnins .'to pleaso onch other,- thoro would , bo, a good -deal loss misory intho -world. You will itliiuk ns I do somo day, Eulaiio.' ' Shall I ?' with a scornful lifting of tho- eyebrows. . . 1 That is, if you do marry,', nddod my lady, with a littlo oliuoklo. ' But you must mako .-haste, or olso you'll bo lbft;on tho shblf, Any doiiv;'1 for men have an absurd preforouco for vory- yourijg girls, !nnd wlion-a girl'lias boon- ;oiit throe or.'fo'ur sbnsoris, as you have,' she is rathbr.apt/to lose hor froshness, isn't she?' This waB a vory smart spoooh for Lady Clioshara, aud ' slio.. was:-quito proud: of horsolf whbii qhehad said it.' Slib dotbrminqd to romombor it,- and ropont it , word': for word to '.bor lius- oanu wuon tnoy wore aiono — oniy tuo worst of it was that ho would prdmbly think she had polished it up . moan- ywhilq,.-. . ;; Eulnlio simply replied by an insolent stnro, as if slip did not tliinlc , it. worth .-while to: make any other answer ; but/ tho/ bnloful light in hor hluo- 'eybs /dooponqd, . .and. my lady, batqljing / n: glimpse -of it, grew rathor frightonod, nnd drew in hor horns, so to spoak. : ' ' I don't moan to insiiiunte that you haven't , liad .'plenty of offers,' sho added, hastily ; -' but one has hoard of suolv things :hs'' ' going', through tho wood nnd through tlio wood, ;qnd pioldng up a crooked stiok nt last !' , ' Is thnt tho oxperionce of you and Lord , ; Ciioshain ?' , swootly nskod Eulaiio ; thoii/ without waiting for an a'nsiyqr, sho quietly walked, ovqr, to tlio piano; » and suggested ' singing a;- diiot: with Doloros, . ... "',/ , r ; . , : Tho; next' day Basil was ngain attaokqil by the saiuo .strimgO sickness and; su,(Tocalioii as /hofiirc, / /hut this, itiniqv lio . was luckily, in Iiis droasing: room, and his valet wns at hand to attend to him. ,- ;- ' / ' -/ .. : . -. It passed off almost as quickly ,iis the other soizuro, but tho phiia was 'mo'ro'-violout, and it loft him wonker nnd.moro languid tliare hoforo. LYou had hotter lot ino send- for tho o?v 1 onifl -TnVvia. rftanofiff nlltr/ 'iX/nm/surc this is ino" ordinary illness.' .'.ilf -I ;wero ;to bond r for tlio dootor, tlio wholo house would bo in 00111- mbtion, and the ladies, would ho alarmed;' the young .man answorod. ' I thiiik- tlio rqnson/of thqsq attacks is that I havo lost my appetite latoly— this place novor.did Buit mo ; but, when I leave it, and got back to town again, I shall sbbii piok up and-bo all right.' i Ho . ivould not ovon consout to lio down ill . his drossiug-ronm- for mpro. .tlinn jinlf-nn:hour, nnd impros'sod upon- Jarvis thb nooossity of soorooy, muoh against that gontlomnn's inoli- natioiis. '. v Tlio fact wasihe could. not boar to bo n'way from-'his wifb's- sooioty.- Novor, since coming to Ohoshrtl.i--iRoyal, had slio. boon so swept,, so gontlo, so nltogothor ohai'ihing ns'sho was now. Sho did not repulse, him, slio walked or droyo with him whonovor lio nskod hor, and daily and' hourly , Basil's determination to win hor love iuoronsod — yos, in spite of fifty Lascollos ! On tho third morning aftor Doloros had poured tho mystio draught into tlio gln9S of lomonnda, she found,' on coming down to breakfast, a letter on hor pinto, which was an unusual oo- curronco, for slio had not a singlo corrasponilont savo, indood, Boatrioo ltisdbu, who hail promised to write to hor. Tho handwriting on tho on- volope, however, was a man's, bo it could not bo froin her. With somo littlo curiosity Doloros oponod tho lottor, nnd found it con tained n fow linos from Lnsoollos, toll ing hor that tlio addross ho had givon hor would no longor find him, ns, for ronsons which ho oould not writo, I10 had boon fovcod to abandon it. But lio onclosod nnotlior adilross in enso sho wished to nninmunioato with him. only ho bogged most oarnostly that alio would koop it socrot evon from hor husband. Doloros raisod hor oyos when sho hail roiul thus far, and thoy oncounterod tlioso of Basil. 'Who is your correspondent ?' I10 askbd, striving to sponk lightly. . A doop flush crimsoned" hor fair facp. , . ...', / ; Oh ! no ono in particular,' oho re turned, vaguely,, while the blush grow dooporjiand sho hastily thrust tiiocom- . promising lottor into bor pockot; Basil askod no moro questions, but his'lioart sank With tho bortainty that tlio writer! was Tjasoollos. / . :: ; '.Still,' lib said' to himsolf, ' it is just possiblo tho villain Una writton to nqr without hor permission, and in that base sho is: not to blame.' . It wns poor comfort, but lio made tho best of it, nnil his hopo wns con firmed by his wifo's bbhnviour;1 for- immodiatoiy af tor. breakfast slio' blimp; to liim and rqinindod liim of a prbmisb'; ho bail made to row hor oti thb lakb./ ; . Ho;. at- -once acquiqscod,; and boon thoy woro soatod. opposite; oach othor- in. tho -littlo skiff/ wliilo :lio stoorod onrofiilly amongst tlio big; greon'loavbs of tho, , water-lilios/ wlibso- blossoming timo wns' oVbr ' tlibsb two . ' mouths past. . , V: / Thby/diit not, talk much ; but tlioro aro sbniq silencos swoqlor thim-wbrds, ; and perhaps this .wns;ono. . , It was - a. : warm, . mollowj ': sloopy 'morning; -' ;-tbo yollow : loavos- floatod down 'ovory now and then 'in a goldbu' shoivor, and ; tho fnv-ofE ' hills woro voiloJ in silvory mist. " ' / .', , \- Soinotirabs tlio /'stillness was broken by tho sharp'' report, of, a; gun from, thq, covorts noar at hand,' and; sometimes: -by thq rory of . b lonoly . moorhen, -f righto tied ' from lior 1 / /'shelter > amid sodgos'nnd rushos. . f. Ofton in thq wrotcliod ftftqi'timb tlio .tiion'ghts'of both liusbniid aiid :wifo wont liable.' to that goldon morning whou life-, hiid/ loqkqtl fair, - and /the future wns bnthod in the rosy mists of 'hopb; L //:. i Neither knew it- or oven giiessedjit, hut tins was tuo last nnppy - morning -tlioy woro to know for1, many a-long day.,' . ' . , . '. ' Evon now tbo-dnrk oloud that had '-broodedi. sol- heavily v ovor, thoir. .short married liEo was ready, to broalc,- anil who should say- what,- terrors it would, disoloso ? ("I'd be continued ) 