Religious Instruction in State Schools. (By Dominie Sampson.) It lma been surmised that the Minister of Public Instruction *. ■will shortly introduce; Scriptural cards or text books into tho' State: schools. ■ This is a step that will be hailed by the religious instruction leagues as a move; ment in the right direction; but whether the1 innovation will bo appreciated by the bulk of; the public is a question that is open to grave doubt and animadversion. Public opinion appears to bo concentrated in a desiro for the administration of tho Education Act ill its integrity. As a proof of this assertion every candidate for parliamentary preferment knows that he has not the ghost of a chance without opoilly and definitely expressing his opinion to this effect. Tho Act itself owes its popularity to tho three distinguishing features of its constitution,' providing that Government education shall be free, secular, and compulsory, and, therofore, any en croachment in practically carrying it out on tho meaning or interpretation of these three constitutional filenlents would bo nothing lefts tllan a violation of its spirit and real em bodiment. Tho secular enactment is tho moBb important pillar of its funda mental principle, becauso it determines and .ensures that no child shall ho disqualified on account of its religion ; its framers attempted to confer a similar bunofit on tho .Roman Catholics, as the Roman Catholic Emancipation Act did in former days ; it is; parallel with tho Jewish Disabili ties Bill, and with a broad and liberal senti ment, giving tho samo privilege to every other sect, no matter what their creed or ! color. Tho realisation of a Stale church is an impossibility, on account of tho diversity of public opinion, and if we have a State school, the religious eloment surely should bo kept out of it for tho sanio identical rmson. The Stato has no right to interfere with the religious liberty of tho people ill any shape whatever ; if it does, it goes outr side its function, and is worthy only of cen sure. If Scriptural text books are instituted in the State schools, it means no more or no less than this—that the schoolmaster shall be the religious instructor, and lie boing a government official, it is out of his province, and incompatible with his office ; his duty is not twofold, that of a teacher of learning, and a minister of the Gospel. Ho is no more than any other Government employo ; lie does tho work allotted him, and he is paid for that work only ; if people send tliuir children to get their hair cut, the harbor is not inspected to hold a prayer-meeting after the operation. More over, experience has taught that the entrusting of such a sacred obligation to the secular teacher is a miserable fallacy. Duiv ing the working of tho Common Schools Act the clergy had the solo supervision of the schools, then, though with every opportu nity at hand, they (lever taught roligion themselves, but made tho schoolmaster do it for them ; and he, not being fully up in the theory of theology, did his work like Robinson Crusoe with tho wooden spade, and consequently in a woodon manner. The following littlo incident will give an idea of the way in which religious instruction was imported in thoso days when tho clergy were masters of tho situation, and deno minationalism reigned rifo and rampant : One day a clorgyman visited a Common school, and intimated to the teacher that lib would oxamino, mark, not instruct, the chil dren tliat day *vealc on tho Trinity. The auspicious day urrivod, tho minister took his seat, tlio children woro ranged in older around, and tho examination began. Tlio first boy managed tj got somehmv through his questions on tho first member of the Trinity—the Father ; tho sccond boy stumbled through his that of tho second mombor—tile Son ; but wlion it camo to the turn of the third b y thero was a hitch, and confusion sucmed to intervene-; tho boy looked distressed, tho teacher angry, and tlio clergyman sovore. On the spur of tlio moment a littlo girl- with a bright cheery, shilling face, Biid "Ifyer please, sir, the Holy Ghost isn't hero to-day." The parson's oyes rolled with holy horror as ho asked, " What do you mean ?" " What do you infer ?" The little girl, eager to clear up matters, innocently replied, " If yer please, sir, the boy what the mastor makes do tlio Holy Ghost is kop''01110 . to-day to drop pertatera." r v Upon tho question of arsenic anil ■ ammonia for the complexion most exports Kto ngrded as to their destroying qualities. Both substances aro dangerous fco the body whon taken internally in any quantity, and both sets up a remarkable chango in tho skin (writes a scientist.) With arsenic a waxy, ivory-like appearance of tho skin is produced, which is rather pleasing until a certain stage of tho continued poisoning is readied ; after that the complexion begins to look more and moro unhealthy and ugly. Ammonia produces a disngroeable effect from tho beginning. Tho skin of tho no.so and forehead first becomes discoloured, and then by and byo a blotchy, unsightly appearance is presented by tho wholo face. Professor Long declares thafcas small a proportion of freo ammonia in wator as 1 to 00,000,000 is injurious to health. 