Ladies Losing Watches . Going into some of the large stores ia town one may notice that many of the young women behind the counters who are so fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through holes in their jerseys and fastened down securely by a button, so that a watch could not be removed without quite an effort, and certainly not without itB wearer-knew- ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch that has gone into fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. Recently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a larger number than usual have been reported. From the small number re ported as found compared with the large number reported as lost, it is apparent that either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low standard, or else the watcheB were really not lost in the sense in tended by the advertisers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the storej, to wtMtoeir watches in their bosoms, with fob chains hanging out of the button- holea of their jerseys. In most of tbe cases where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and have the time-pieceB as available as men have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their corset covers and the corsets, instead of inside the corsets as most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds on the trams and ferries, just atter the closing 'hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert thief to make a " haul." A lady bad the misfortune to find a watch on one of the streets in Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the Ha aid. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of the advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady wa» surprised that so many people could have lost watches. The police will say that there are nothievw in the city— they always do— bat tho yoemg ladies no town know bo-tor. — A certain act of patronage was coup ferred by a poet, whose name began with a T, on Alexander Smith, which the young man very naturally' resented. "When T— — « observed: "Never mind what the criQcc say, I like your poems," Smith is said to !ia.sro reDlied. " Oh. me.J3 '—Argonaut. Criticism as is Criticism.— Col. "Pat' Donan doesn't like the play of "Hamlet. Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: "IhavC no patience, much less sympathyr with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber> ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gauze veils, tinier bogus moonlight I everlnstimrivthreatenineto do'eomething, and nevcrdiffngi;; dfi«n5?5-sweettroa«; to'lu- nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks ; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diagers; going mto all sorts of he-hya- t erics; and at last, running a section of bar- - bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica- go pigrsticking style, through his dead girl's l brother, and dying himself, to slow 'fiddle- 0 music, amid a general c irnage Of lunaties ani/ wreck of absurdities. g 3 cf 