IN accordance with our usual cuet m a specially prepared and attractively illus trated supplement will be issued in con nection with the Vxamneber and Tasmaniaan for Christmas. The number issued during the festive season of 1893 will contain a collection of original Christmas stories, iu cluding " The Lost Deeds of Driftfield" and " A Yule Tide Experience," both written especially for the Examiner and Tasmanian. There will also be published the following interesting stories :-" A Bushman's Tale," " The Tragedy of Skeleton Gully" (a New Zealand incident), "The Centipede" (a Mexican episode), "Childland," "The Landlord of the * Three Fishes,'" and the thrilling ghost story by Giant Allen entitled " Pallinghurst Barrow." The illustrations will constituto an attractive feature of the number. Subscribers who wish to secure extra copies are requested to notify the Examiner and T'asmanzan agents of the fact as soon as possible. The new quarter commences on January 1. Orders for 1894 sent in before the issue of the Christmas number will be supplied for the last week of December, 1893, without charge. AaTHOUGH the poor little patient Russell Sutcliffe is not yet out of danger, it is pleasing to be able to state that he is progressing frvourobly and is suffering little pain. Dres. G. Clemons and J. T. Wilson were again in attenaauce yesterday for some time, but it was deemed advisable not to make any attempt for the present to remove the shots that are lodged in the forehead and palate. AMONG the passengers to eHobart by the express train yesterday wUas +aptain Corre joles, commandant of the Feench warship Duguay Trouin, at present at Hobart. He arrived from Hobart on Thursday for a short visit, accompanied by one of his officers. MR F. BACK, the Manager of the Tas manian Railways, wishes to acknowledge the sum of 12s 6d, which he has received as "conscience money." AN inquest was held at the residence of Mr H. Decks, Hill-street, Cataract Hill, yesterday morning on the body of W'm. Decks, aged 16, who was drowned at the First Basin on Thursday morning. Mr James Steer was foreman of the jury, and the evidence of two of the boys who were swimming w::h the deceased was taken. After a short consultation the jury re turned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned," at the same time giving the boys who were with deceased at the time of the catas trophe great praise for the efforts they had made to save him at the risk of their own lives. In connection with this case "Sympathy" writes :-" I should like to draw attention to the spirit of bravery dis played by Master Franlr Batty in connec tion with the drowning case at the First Basin. It appears the unfortunate lad, before he bank, caught hold of Batty by the shoulder, who with great presence .of mind pluckily struck out, supporting Desks for some distance, until the deceased led lost his hold and disappeared Ijust men tion this because I think it is worthy of commendation, and swimmers should be encouraged in similar efforts, and this act shbnld not be allowed unnoticed. The above information; I have re ceived croao good authority." The lad, who was a member of the Cadet Corps, will be honoured with a military funeral, which will leave Cataract Hill to-morrow at 3"30 p.m. for the Charles-street ceme tery. The battalion of the Launceston Rifles will parade at the drill- yard at 3 p.m. sharp, to attend the funeral. Uniform -Review order, side arms, and white gloves. Band to attend. Members of other corps are invited to attend. WARDEN R. J. SADrLE, who was ap pointed returning officer for the Marine Board elections, yesterday received nomina tions of candidates for the position of warden of the Marine Board, Launceston, under the provisions of the Marine Boards Act, 1889, to fill the places of the retiring wardens, Messrs Alexander Evans, Robert Carter, and i.ichard Francis Irvine. The retiring wardens being the only nomina tions received they were declared duly re elected by the returning officer. ON Boxing and the following nights the Young Folks' Opera Company, under Herr and Madame Siebert, produce the opera "La Fills de Madame nugot." The com pany has been hard at work rehearsing the opera for some months past. and no pains will be spared to produce it in such a manner as to deserve support. The success of the performance of "Les CloThes de Corneville," by the same company, evidenced that the material at the conm mand of Herr Siebert is of good quality, and it is anticipated that in the produc tion of "La Fillo de Madame Angot" the young people will maintain their credit. Special costumes have been secured for the occasion, and due atteootion will be given to the mounting of the opera. ON Monday, 25·th, Christmas Day, the Electric Telegraph offices at Hobart, Launceston, and Zechan open as on Sundays, viz., 8'30 to 9 30 a.m. and p.m. All other office0 close all day. Tuesday, 26th, and Monday, January 1, 1894., all offices close from 10 a.m. to 6-30 p.m. THE drawing-room sale of work held in aid of the reduction of the debt on Holy Trinity Church was continued yesterday at the new parsonage in Lawrence-street, when a fair amount of business was tran sacted. The net proceeds of the bazaar will amount to about £30. It is expected that the parsonage will be ready for occu. pation by the Rev. W. H. Webster during the coming week. LasAT evening the first of the eeries f "People's Friday night concerts" was given in the Academy of Music. These entertainments have been inaugurated in Launceston by the well-known entrepreneurs Mr Harold Ashton, who also started them in Hobart some months ago. Popular concerts at cheap prices have proved remarkably successful in the neighbouring colonies during the last few years, more especially so in Melbourne, where the large hall of the Erhibitiou Building is fre quently crowded with visitors, who assemble to listen to the carrying out of a good programme at low rates of admission. The initial concer: of the Launceston series proved thoroughly enjoyable, and if the standard of last evening is main tained the result of the venture should prove satisfactory to the manage ment. Miss Carrie Bryant, who has during the past two years been travelling in India, made her re- appearance in her native city, and contributed a couple of pianoforte solos, both of which were well received. Miss Alice Grant was heard to advantage in Parker's melodious composi tion " At my window," also in the song " A dream w:thin a dream," and Miss Ida Cox sang " The garden of sleep" and " Clang of the wooden shoon," each with due expression. Mr J. D. Roche proved himself the possessor of an organ well worthy of careful cultivation by his render ing of Wallace's stirring 'No, my courage." Miss Ruby Clifford, a clever elocutionist, firmly installed herself in the go d opinion of those 'present by her sym pathetic recital of 'tho quaint American poem "Trouble in the amen corner." An encore was demanded, and Miss Clifford responded with a humorous recitation, "The village school." In the second part of the proglamme she was heartily applauded for her treatment of a comic sk.treh entitled " The jealous husband."Mr William Mackezsie, the well-known bari tone, late of the M?Intague-rI'rner Opera Company, was heard at his best in " The bugler," " 7 he gauntlet," " March of the Camro,'n men," and " Hams came oor gude mon." In response to an encore for his rondering of '"T?e gauntlet" he sang "Siu-n the Cellarer." One of the most enjoy ble numbers on the programme was the singing of that ever popular gem f-om " Pir. tes of Penzance." " Poor wandering one," by Miss Ethel Pearson, whose repre sentation of Mabel in the opera mentioned is well-remembered in Launceston. Mr E. Barbury contributed materially to the success of the evening by his flute solo " Carnival of Venice." and Mr Arthur Tevelein's auto-harp medley proved an acceptable item. The performers were liberally applauded throughout, and those present to all appearances thoroughly en joyed the bill of fare presented to them. To-emoRnow afternoon the commodious steamship Koonya will run an excursion to Rosevear's, leaving the wharf at half-past two sharp and returning to town by six o'clock. The Koonya is now in first-class trim for excursions, and the new ladies' cabin which has been built on deck is now on the point of being finished, and will make a splendid addition to the many comforts the steamer affords passengers. THE moonlight excursion that was to have been made by the Centennial last evening was, through inclement weather, postponed till Monday evening, when she will leave the wharf at 7"45, accompanied by a first-class band. As the tide will bo full on that evening, with a good moon, no doubt a large number will patronise the trip. MR GEORGE COOPER, of the Criterion Hotel, was granted permission at the City Police Court yesterday (to sell liquors on the Association Cricket Ground to-day on the occasion of the cricket match. WE are requested by Mr Robert Carter, of Patterson-street, to state that he is not the Robert Carter whose name appears on Mr A. Fowler's nomination paper. Mr Alex. Fowler desires to state that Mr Robert Carter who signed his nomination paper resides in Margaret-street. MR JAMsEs WILSON, of Lilydale, writes with respect to a communication from our correspondent to the effect that he has lately started a creamery in the district: " I was the first to introduce the separator into this district. I bought a Laval hand machine early in 1888, and have been work ing it, not spasmodically, but twice daily up to the present." BY the mail steamer Ruapehu, due at Hobart on the 21st from London, Colonel Sir James Johnston, K.C.S.I., is expected to arrive there. He entered the Bengal Army in 1858, was made a Captain 1868, Major 1875, Lieut.-Colonel 1876, Colonel 1881\. He served with his regiment, or as political officer, in several Indian wars; Political Agent, Keonjhur, 1868-73; Naga Hills, 1873.4; Manipur, 1877.86; served with Burmah Field Force, 1885.6 (medal and clasp). FoR the convenience of Christmas and New Year holiday-makers return tickets will be issued at single fares on all lines to and from all stations 10 miles apart from to-day and until Monday, January 1, 1894, inclusive, available for return journey up to Wednesday, January 31. For distance of less than 10 miles return tickets at single fares will be issued daily from all stations from Saturday next to Monday, January 1, inclusive. Special holiday cheap season tickets will be issued from all stations from 20th to 25th inst. inclusive, available over all lines up to January 31, 1894, inclusive. TnE usnal weekly Gospel Temperance meeting of the Wharf Mission Hall, which was held on Thursday evening, was con. ducted by Miss Lamb. During the evening nearly all the young ladies attending the ball, both at the Sunday school and church, took part, and the meeting was a thoroughly enthusiastic one. LasT evening there was a good atten dance at the Pltterson.street Wesleyan Church, whc-n the choir rendered the sacred c3antats " Thle Lion of Judah " with every success. Miss K. Richardson pre sided at the organ, and Mr W.F. Cato con ducted the singing. During the evening the Rev. W. Shaw sang Gounod's "Neza reth" with much success. A collection was taken up in aid of the church choir funds, and a good amount was realised. THE Launceston Philharmonic Society purposes giving the very fine work "The Revenge" us the first part of the concert on Tuesday evening at the Mechanics' Institute. This stirring English ballad by the late Poet Laureate has been set to music by Mr C. Villiers Stanford, who occupies the honoured position of professor of music at the Cambridge University, and who is also one of the foremost English musicians of the present day. '*The Revenge" abounds in dramatic and striking description of the incidents of a great battle, and the music serves to heighten the situations, and adds in no small degree to the interest of the ballad. The society has had the work in hand for some time, and is making a praiseworthy endeavour to render the music as perfectly as posslble, The second part of the programme con sists of part songs, carols, and solos, and concludes with an arrangement of "Nazareth" for the full choir, with piano and organ accompaniment. REV. D. J. FLOCKAIeT will preach at the Longford Wesleyan Sunday school anniver sary services, which will take place to morrow. A tea meeting will be held on Monday evening. AT Chalmers Church to-morrow the collections at both services will be in aid of the fund for the widow of the late pastor. The Rev. D. S. Brunton will preach morn ing and evening on the subject " Some men and ministers of the Covenant." As showing the influence upon local politics of the Launceston Parliamentary Debating Society no less than eight of the candidates contesting the present general election are members of that body, viz., Messrs A. R. Fowler (Deputy Speaker), G. Crosby Gilmore, W. J. M'Williams, Allan MIacdonald, J. G. Price, S. J. Sutton, R. W. Smith, and W. C. Wilson. Mis :lt. ALLEN, of 102 Brisbane-street, notifies that she has made special arrange ments for the supply of Christmas and New Year articles of bijouterie. The prices which are attached to the goods are so temptingly low that cus tomers should be numesous. A VERY fine collection of Christmas and New Year cards is now on view at Nicholas's studio, St. John-street. They include photographic views of the prettiest of the scenery of Tasmania, and customers should have no difficulty in satisfying their tastes. It is announced that there will be a card show at the establishment to-day. IT is announced that a concert will be given under the auspices of the Tamuar Regatta Association on Hoxing night in thel Albert Hall and City Park. A distribution of gifts has also been arranged. A CAKE fair in aid of the fund for the repairs to St. Andrew's Church, Carrick, will be held in the Carrick Hall on Boxing Day. Luncheon and tea will be provided. and a Bruce auction ,ill take place in the evening. A NNIVERSAIY services in connection with Holy Trinity Church Sunday school will be held to-moirow. A flower service will be held in the morning, when the Rev. W. H. Webster will preach, and Archdeacon Hales will conduct the eveningservice. Collections will be made on behalf of the school funds. Tni anniversary services in connection with York-street Sunday school will be held to-morrow afternoon and evening. Pastor White will preach at both services. ST. JosEPH's BAND will play sacred selections in the City Park to-morrow evening. A collection will be made at the gates. THE friends of Mr Wm. Walker, of Northwood saw-mills (writes our Deloraine correspondent yesterday), will regret to hear that he met with a serious accident on Friday last by a log rolling on his legs. It was not considered serious, but on Sunday Dr. Morris was called, in, and found that the large bone of the leftleg was fractured. Mr Walker is now doing well under the doctor's care.-There is every appearance of rain, which will be gladly welcomed, as the crops are going off rapidly owing to the drought. AN entertainment in aid of the repair fund of the Church of England was held at the Montacute Hall, Hagley, on Tuesday last. Mrs Lock, the musical directress (writes a correspondent) provided an excellent and varied programme. She was ably assisted by Mrs Roome, Mrs Breaden, Misses Whitfeld and G. M'.owan, the Rev. J. H. Plant, E. A. Morris, and others. After the music "The Area Belle" was performed, Messrs G. Field and ,. Fernandez taking the parts of the police man and soldier in a very creditable manner. Mrs Morris as Mrs Croaker wasa great success. Miss Gladys M'Gowan, who kindly came out from Launceston to take the part of the Area Belle, was very much admired, and her natural and elegant act ing of the part was hailed with loud and frequent applause by the audience, with whom she is deservedly a very great favourite. At the conclusion Canon Adams thanked both performers and audience in suitable terms. Tscn Wynyard correspondent of a coastal paper writes :-The monthly pay ments for milk at the local factory for November reached the splendid total of a little over -£50. This large amount was promptly paid to suppliers on Saturday last, and as a result much satisfaction is expressed. The returns to suppliers varied from £33 to a sum not more than a rather small fractional part of that amount. The salaries, etc., added to the amount paid to suppliers have caused about £800 to be put into circulation as the result of one month's operations at the factory. This speaks volumes for the success of the industry here. A, the Scottsdale Police Court on Thurs day last (writes our correspondent) Ah You was charged with having committed perjury. The charge arose out of a case Ah Hang v. Chin Ah kou, heard at Moorina on October 4, in which the latter was sued for goods supplied, etc., among the articles in the bill being some opium, which accused stated he never received, as he did not smoke the drug. Ah Kauk, a former partner in the business, swore to accused purchasing the opium and smoking it in his shop, and after a lengthy hearing the case was adjourned. IN a letter over the signature of " Equal Taxation," which appeared in yesterday's issue, some words were unaccountably omitted, which destroyed the sense of the sentence, which should read-"And in face of such facts as these we are told that the Government expenditure has so enhanced the value of property that it should bear cheerfully more if not all taxation. The fact is that owing to additional responsi bility thrown on land by the Government debt it is almost valueless." AT the Latrobe Police Court on Tuesday last (writes our correspondent) James Gower was charged with stabbing his wife, Esther Gower. The accused, who was defended by Mr Sykes, pleaded not guilty. Esther Gower deposed on the day in question she provoked her husband,who ultimately upset the table, which con- tained knives, etc., and she supposed the cut was inflicted by a knife in the over- turning of the table; did not report to Constable Waterman that her husband had stabbed her. Cross-examined—Was certain her husband did not stab her. Dr. Stewart deposed that he had examined Esther Gower, and found a wound one inch long and a quarter of an inch deep behind the left shoulder; did not think a knife falling over with the table could inflict the wound, as consider- able force would have to be used and the knife held firm. Constable Waterman deposed that on November 27 Mary Ann Donovan reported the matter to him, and he went to the house of accused, where Esther Gower, who was excited and crying, told him that her husband had stabbed her in the back. After some more witnesses had been examined the usual warning was made to the accused, who reserved his defence. The bench committed the accused for trial, remarking that gross perjury had been committed. Bail was allowed in one surety for £50, or four of £12 10s each. —On the same day John S. Bullock was charged with having on Sep- tember 5 committed wilful and corrupt perfury in the hearing of a case Regina v. Bullock. After hearing a vast amount of evidence accused was committed for trial, bail being allowed in his own recognisance of £25, and one surety for the same amount, or two of £.12 10s. Sureties were at once forthcoming. The cases occupied the attention of the court all day. On Wednesday evening last the concluding social for the season was hell in the Congregational church, when there was a very large gathering. The programme, consisting of songs, duets, trios, recitations, speeches, violin solos, instrumental pieces by 3rchestra, etc., etc., was of the first order. A false alarm rang out by the fire bell disturbed the meeting while the Rev. J. G. Wright --as engaged in delivering a very interesting address. At the conclusion the Rev. D. Brown, who occupied th-; chair, thanked the friends to wLo'e efforts the success of the gathering was due. The salvage. sock on thse premises lately occupied by Mr W. Barnes, ironmonger, was offered for sale yesterday, when a good sum was realised. The sidale is being con tinued to-day (Thursday). A NEW standard time furt central Europe came into operation on 0 rober 31. At iRome time has hitherto been reckoned 50 minutes before Greenwich, but now the difference will be one hour, and the clock struck twelve 10 minutes earlier. As r.-gards time the countries of Europe will now be divided into three groups: That of the West-England, France, .'pain, and Portugal-who take their time from Green wich ; the aentral group-S weden, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Austria-Hungary, S wi zrland, and Italy-whose time is an hour later; and finally the Oriental group \--Russia, Turkey, the Balkan States, and Greece-whose time is two hours a-head of Greenwich. AN unaccountably sudden death took place on Wednesday afternoon in the surgery of Dr. Nihill, Collinu-street, Mel bourne. Mrs Brindah .Uookheim, whose husband is a hair dresser, residing at 155 Elgin-street, Carlton, visited Dr. Nihill for the purpose of having a slight operation performed upon her nose (says the Age). 'The lady had been suffering from asthma for some considerable period as well as other ailments, which the doctor proposed to relieve by operation. No chloroform or aneisthetic was administered, as the neces sities of the case did not require it, but Dr. Nihill had barely commenced his work when the patient collapsed, and died almost instantly. Dr. Sterling, who was also pre sent, assisted Dr. Nihill in his efforts to restore animation, but it was soon clear that life was extinct. Information was at once sent to th.e police, and the body of the woman was conveyed to the morgue. A post smorilen examination will be made in due course, but until then nothing definite can be ascertained as to the cause of death, although the doctors strongly suspect that heart disease was the cause. An inquest was to be held on Thursday. Mhn H. MI. STANLEY recently gave an opinion on the presentsituation in Matabele land to an English press representative. He said that Buluwayo had been taken was a matter for congratulation, but he did not see that it decided anything except that perhaps the company had extended British territory as far as the Matabele capital, and would no doubt make all approachr s to it safe. If the Matabele abandoned their efforts because their chief kraal had been taken they would act in a way which was very ur-African. Mirambo in Unyamwezi allowed his capital to be }:ken, and then suddenly recaptured it, massacred every soul within it, and continued the war with the Arabs for five years. Mirambos, fortunately, are not common. It would be wiser, he thought, for the company to guard Buluwayo and secure the territory already gained rather than chase the Matabele. By giving them a little time for reflection the company might obtain all they need without further fighting. If, however, the Matabele settled down in too close proximity to Buluwayo it might be necessary to dislodge them. At all events, unless it was positively known that the Matabele intend trying their luck again it would be rash to race after them. A VEaY amusing adventure befel one of the French officers who had been told off to attend to their Russian comrades during the visit of Admiral Avellan and his squadron to France. Before the Russians left Toulon (says the Paris correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph), they gave a dance, which was attended by a very large company, and as they found that they were by no means in sufficient force, they persuaded a French offi-er to don one of their uniforms, and to pass himself off as a lieutenant in the Czar's navy. The French. man was introduced to the guests as M. Ivanoff Cremloff ; and so well did he play his part that he was not only in great request with the ladies, who found him a most agreeable partner, but with the gentlemen as well. An infantry captain treated him to a disquisition on the French army, while a naval officer of high rank paid him marked atten tion, and had a long conversation with him. All things, however, come to an end, and at last the French officer, who was temporarily invested with a Russian patronymic, and was disporting himself in a Muscovite uniform, felt that he could no longer carry on the joke. Perhaps he was haunted by the apprehension that one of his superiors might detect the trick, or that he might be recognised by some of the ladies to whom he had made himself so agreeable when he returned to shore. Ait any rate, he resolved to make a clean breast of it, and soon his whispered confession was going the round of the quarPter-dcck. The men who had been taken in-erpecially the infantry captain and the naval officer ol high rank-were at first indignant at having been thus mystifi:d, but they soon laughed heartily over the affair. As for the ladies, they dis played the utmost good humour, and for the rest oz the evening their fellow countryman, who had gallantly donned the Czar's uniform for their especial pleasure, had no reason to regret his confession. TENDERS are inviteod for photographic prii' leges In connection with the Tasmanian Inter. national Exhibition. A arIDINaG school will be open this afternoon from two to five o'cluok and every following evening, near St. John's Ohurch. OaxManax the onest medicino known is Sanders and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Toat its emlnontly powerful effeote in coughs, colds, in fluenza-the relief is Instantansons. In serious oases and acoldents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, soealdings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling, no inflamma. lon. Like surprising effests prodnouced In croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, Inflammation of thelungs, swellings, etc., dliarrhoea, dysentory, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In uwe by hospitals and medical cllnioc all over the globe I patronisod by his Majesty tbhe King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amoterdam. Trust in this approved art!olo and roject all otheras, r*--Wholosale depots for Tarmania, L. Fair thorne and Son and Hatton and Laws. Re talled by chemlats and storekeepers rt 1l O9 and 2r 6d per bottle. IT is wise to provide against emergencies which are liable to arise in every family. Ii sudden attacks of cold, croup, asthma, ete., a bottle of Ayer's Oherry Pectoral will prove a never falling remedy. 