TEE INCREASED WINE \ SPIRIT AND EXCISE DUTIES. LARGE DEPUTATIONS TO THE PREMIER. GREAT FALLING OFF IN REVENUE. Three largo deputations, representing respec tively tho Licensed Grocers' Association, tho licensed victuallers and tho brewing industry, waited upon tho Premier yestorday with the object of securing tho abolition of tho inoreasod duties imposed by tho Shiels Governmont, nnd tho reversion to tho duties wlilbh hod oxlated provious to that alteration. Mr. Beimofct, M.L.A., introduced tho first deputation, and Mr. N. Hoesloy, tho president of tho Licensed Grocers' Association, pointed out that tho grocors at Ballarat, Gcelong and Bcndigo wero with litem in making tho request to tho Government, They numbered somo 250 members, nnd paid over £8000 into tho revenue of tho colony for thoir licences. The lieeneo feo of £35 a year they considered too high, and more especially now that trado had been reduced by tho increase in the duties. Their trado had fallen off to tho extent of at least a fourth by reason of tho excessive duties. That was the ease in his own business. Mr. W.. Morrison pointed out that instead of an increaso of £250,000 in the revenue, as antici pated by tho late Treasurer, thoro had boon a doorcase on tho year of £278,540, owing to the increase iu tho duties. The deputation con tended that the Governmont should charge less duty, and thus enable a bigger trade to bo dono. Mr. J. O'Oallaghan, as a wine ahd spirit merchant and grocer for 30 years, had held his own nnd dono fairly well, but tho day following tho imposition of tho Increased duties hU trado fell off fully 50 per eont. If these high dutips wero continued, ho would have to go to Now Zealand or somewhere olso. Nobody was benefited by tho present duties— not even the Government. Beforo tho imposition of tho duties a grocor's Hoodoo at St, Hilda was worth a bonus of £400 ; but now it would not be worth par, thoro being more liconcos than woro required. Thopcoplo "bunked" at the high duties, and said, "Wo won't drink at all." That was all very well from a teetotal point of view, but ho was afraid it led peoplo to drink tho cheaper spirits, one effect of which would bo that their lives would bo short ened and tho State would have to introduco a system of assisted immigration. (Laughter.) . Mr. linger (Ballarat), on behalf of his associa tion, stated that tho trade in tho country had fallen off by a half, on account of the heavy duties. The licensed victuallers' deputation was Intro duced by Mr. Zox, M.L. A., who explained that the deputation was tho outcome of a mooting of tho trado on Friday last, at which 500 persons attended, and resolutions against tbo increased duties wore oarriod unanimously. Thoy realised the difficult financial position of tho oolony, and now iicocssaty it was for tho purposes of revenue that evory legitimate means should bo resorted to for tho purposo of augmenting tho publio funds, bub thoy held thoy would in no way bo hampering tho Government in tho request for a reduction in the duties. Tho dutios on wines, spirits and beer for nmo months of tho year 1892-93 woro less by £255,000 than tho duties for tho cor responding term of tho provious year, though Iiorry anticipated an increase of £250,000, thus showing a difference of £500,000 between tho nmount expeoted and that Actually obtained. Inoreased duties did not necessnrily show that there would bo in oreased revenuo, and In this caso his prognosti cation nnd those of the trade, that tho duties would result in a loss of revenue, had been realised. The deputation desired to encourage tho local wino industry, and they deserved onoouragornent thomsoivcs, as there was not a more heavily handicapped olass ti men. Thoy had to pay heavily for all their raw material, and their pro perty had depreciated to a marvellous degree, there was hardly a publioan in Melbourno who had been really able to mnke both ends meet — (hear, hoar)— and as a olass, they assisted to tho best of their ability everything that tended towards tho prosperity of tho pooplo. They were niHo n much maligned class, nnd their profits would not bear comparison with tho profits of other classes in tho community. Mr. M'Crnekrn, president of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association, contended that a do- crcaao in tho duties to thoir former figures would have tho effoot of providing an increased rovenue to tho State. AViien Sir Graham Berry decided to incroaso the duties it was represented to him that his action would entail a loss of £200,000, and that forooast had been more than realised. Mr. A. Y. Oastlcr contonded that the great majority of tho publicans in the colony wero bordering on a state of insolvenoy, and many of them, by tho records of tho Insolvency Court, had quiotly given up tho ghost and accepted the inevitable consequence of the increase in the duties. Another fact, as showing the offect upon the trade, might bo mentioned. Tho exoise prose- or f|V0 months ending May, in 1892, wore 170, and in 1893, 309: tho fines being £1262 and £2290 respectively, whilst tho cases of imprisonment for brcaohes of tbe law were— one only in 1892 and five In 1893. That showed that the now duties had a deleterious offect all round. Tho duties had proved a miserable failure, and they hoped, if the Govern ment oould not take tho increased duty off wines, they would tako it off spirits. If that wero dono tho Governmont would Bcoure a greater rovonuc from the trade. Mr. C. W. Pugh Baid tho licensed victuallers were carrying on a most unprofitable business, and one which had fallen off one-half, owing to tho new duties. The Premier must acknow ledge that tho liceuacd victuallers were a roHpnotablo body of men, and worthy of con sideration. True, there might he somo blaok sheop amongst them ; but what class of tho community was free from black sheep, from ministers of tho gospel downwards? (Laughter.) The deputation asked the Governmont to help them out of a difficulty which had boon brought about by tho late Government. They did not ask for so great a reduction as would interfere with the revenue, but for fair treatment, and that their trade should be plaoed in a flourishing condition, so that thoy would ho ablo to get a fair and honest liveli hood. Ho had read a statement recently that tho Government intended to impose an income tax ; hut licensed victuallers could look uncon- cornedly upon tho proposal, being assured they would nover have to pay it. (Laughter.) If tho duty on beer were reduced from 3d. to 2d. tho revenue would gain rathor than lose, and as thoro wero only eight or nine more people cmployod iu the manufacture of spirits in tho colony, and as brewers hnd to discharge numbers of their men, he hoped tho Government would reconsider the question of the duties. Mr. N. Fitzgerald, who introduced tho deputation from tho brewers, said tlmt the statement by a member of the late Cabinot that tho brewers here prnotically used no barley had inflioted a great injustice upon the iudustry, as the statoment had been adopted by thoMinidter's coUcaguoH. Tho Premier would know bow absurdly ridiculous such a statement was, and It was to be regretted that tho author of tho unfounded statemont hnd escaped the responsi bility that should havo attached to one giving it utterance. No doubt tho action of the Into Governmont was tho result of a wrong impression rather than of deliberate malice, but ho did not want to say what was tho object of the gentleman who used the remark, though ho could not help romarkiug that ho had not the manliness to withdraw it. Tho Government should romomber that tbo industry was the largest in tbe colony, employing tho largest amount of eapital and tho largest amount of labor, and absorbing tho greatoat amount of colonial produce. Whether it was in tho power of tho Government this year to make tho alteration in the duties they desired or not, the trado desirod to placo it on record that no sossion would bo commenced without tho brewers entering their protest against tho injustice whioh had been inflicted upon them. Tho excise duty now amounted to 25 per cent, of tho aotual market selling value of the beer, and It was plainly an injustice tlmt any one section should bo required to bear so great a share of taxation. . If tho duties woro not altered it would mean absolute ruin to an extonsivo industry. Mr. A. M'Crnokon stated the brewers used 75 per cont. of the barley and nil the hops grown in Australia. They also used 10,000 tons of sugar during the year, the cstimato of the total vniuo of tho material used by them boing £500,000 per annum, whilst they bad an invested eapital of £3,000,000, with dividends amounting to £141,000 per annum, though amongst the latter sum were several guaranteed divi dends. At the ' present rata tho duty for 9 months ainouuted to £121,000, and would nmount to £150,000 for 12 months. It would, therefore, take £9000 or £10,000 more than tho last dividend to pay tho duty. The tax was nil unjust one, and though It was not responsible for tbe whole of tho aoi- lapse in brewiug company shares, it had had a sorlous effect upon those securities. Mr. W. R. M'Gregor supported tho views of the deputation, and argued that tho Govern ment should placo an additional tax upon an article of more general consumption— such as sugar— and take it off boor. Mr. W. TulloaU (Ballarat) pointed out that most of tho country breweries woro owned by private firms, and the heavy tax had almost ruined their businesses. Mr. Patterson, in reply to the first deputation, rogrotted tlmt the business of the grocers and wine and spirit merchants had fallen off, but ho felt they had attributed it uot altogether to tbo right cause. Thero wero a great many other causes to whioh they might oharge tho slackness of their businesses. It was common to allclnsaos 1 in thoso depressed times. No doubt if we could drink ourselves out of debt it would bo a very good thing, but it would be a very bad thingfor tho drinker. Latterly he had noticed a ploasAnt ohange in the oountry ; in going tho round of tho banquets In different parts of tho oountry ho noticed that colonial wino was now always upon tho tables, and not many yoara ago foreigners commended it in a way that our own people hardly dared hopo for. The question then arose whether tho Imposition of these duties was calculated to encourage our looal wine industry ; becauso If wo could pro duce a really good wino, and if tho peoplo would drink it rather than spirits, it would ho a good thing for the community. The duty was not increased by the present Government, and certainly it had not realised tho object for which it was put on— namely, tho increaso in tho rovonne. All oxocssos woro bad, oither in taxation or in law, and last session of Parlia ment overstepped tho bounds of economic prin ciples in much of the taxation that was impouoil. The Government, however, wore not in a pooition to tbuch the tariff this session, nor could they alford to do without any little advantage they might gain from the duties. True, moderate duties wero hotter than excessive ones, and they trusted tho day would come— although, perhaps, it would not npply to this industry, beoAUso it was a legitimate ( thing to tax wines and spirits— when they might remedy somo of tho grievances. Somo people might argue that a diminution in tho consumption of wines and spirits was nn in dication of the increasing sobriety and morality of tho people. Ho dared say thoro was some thing in that, but not so much ns in tho fact that tho falling off was due to tho goncral de pression. Tho Government could not promiso to assist the trade in the way desired during the ooming sossion. Thoy intended to retrenoh nnd bring tho publio sorvico within reasonable bounds, and with tho opening of tho banks he had no doubt pooplo would begin to drink whisky again, and be able to enjoy more luxuries than latterly. As to the effect of tho tariff his opinion was that no one know tho offect of an nttcratioti until many years had elapsed, And many jjuupiu would contond that wo wore now only beginning to realiso tho offect of imposing hoavy duties 20 years ago. He bolieved those pooplo wero right, and thero was nothing so injurious as altering tho tariff year nftor year. To tho licensed victuallers' deputation Mr. Patterson repeated his reply in a great measuro, and added that taxes beyond a certain Una would not bring in revonuo, and they went boyond that lino last session, but tho Govern ment could not givo up any rovonuo thoy might possibly get. Thoy should hear in mind that the excise duty upon beer hnd been met in some dogroe hy tho duty upon imported boor, whioh gave tho looal manufacturers a monopoly in tho business. Ho believed, however, it was true that tbo duties, instoad of falling upou the con sumer as they ought to have done, had fallen upon the brewer and tho publicnn. (Hear, hear.) He hnd oomo to that conclusion after careful Inquiry and was convinced tho pi-ico to tho oonsumer had not bocn raised. It was intended when a duty was put upon nn artiale that it should fall upon tho general oommunity ; thcreforo, tho incidence of this tax had not fnllon in the direction in which it was intonded to fall, nor in tho direction of justice. (Hear, hear.) Tho increase in tho prosecutions, fines and imprison ments in connection with tho cxciso ho did not regard as very important, as that was kouud to ocour in tho method of carrying out a new excise duty. In roply to tho brewers, Mr. Patterson spoko in tho Bamo strain, recognising that the in- oroased duties had not corao up to expectations, that tho depression was largely responsible for the bad trado, and stating ho could hold out no hope of meeting the wishos of tho deputa tion during the coming session. IIo understood tho brewers claimed thoir industry to bo a colonial industry, and that it was unfair that tbo tax should fail upon tho manufacturer and not upon tbe oonsumer. He had oxprosBed the opinion that it also appeared to him to bo unfair, hut he was afraid if Mr. M'Gregor's suggestion wero carried out to put an oxtra tax on sugar instead it would in no way improvo thoir position. Though tho Government could not hold out any promiso to them, he recognised that the reduction in tho duty from 3d. to 2d. a gallon, as asked for, was not a large ono ; and whon the oountry again came to a flourishing condition the proposition was ono which the Government would consider with calmness. If the Government oould sec thoir way to reduce the duty by ldM as an en couragement to a colonial industry, they would do all they oould in that direction, but he oould say nothing more definite to them. The proceedings then oloscd. 