SHE SiINES ME DOWN. She sends a special messenger off to the "Ghost " to summon her husband to her aid in framing the telegram to her brother, and before her husband can, by any human or any other yet-discovered possibility, reLly to her summons she sends off her valedictory to Arch. It runs as follows: 'I beseech you to pause, to inquire, and to retract. Will be with you later to-day ;leave al to me-' 'That's just exactly what I won't do, ' Arch Saltoun says to himself, crumpling utp the telegram and cassing it forlth upon the waters of Tolbay, upon whose blue expanse he happens to be gazing at the moment of the receipt of the telegram with Mrs. Cardigan. SThat was from your sister-from the pretty little, stiff, unresisting woman who was with you when I came. here first ?' Gladys Cardigan says, with a laugh. ' I feel that it was from your sister, and she is warning you against me, wiring her warning indeed in the excess of her sisterly anxiety. Now, look here, Mr. Saltoun, I back her up; be warned; leave me. ' 'Oh, Gladys !' he says, and his bead sways down and rests in blind, manly confidence on hers. 'Then you mean to go on with it?' she says, edging away from him a little. 'You mean to go on with it, and set your sister at defiance? Ah now think of hier a little, Arch--think of all the hopes she has centered in you-think of what she justifiably expects from you for her children I Be-what site thinks you will be I Forget yourself-forget my claims; think only of Mrs. Dumorest. and of the awful dissapoirtment which it will be to her if you marry me.' 'Do you take me for both idiot and coward?' he asks. hotly. I have said noth ing about my sister. I have not alluded to any possible opposition to my-my dearest hopes on her part, yet you fly off into a huff and attribute all manner of mean motives to her, and all manner of meaner considerations to me, and volunteer to thrust me over with cut a moment's notice.' She listens attentively to his words, which he speaks with much energy and emotion, and nods assent when he brings his sentence to a close. 'Aren't you going to say a word to me, Gladys ?' he asks, in an injured tone. *What shall I say ?' she replies, gently 'Ybu say I take you for so and- so, and think so-and-so, and you are right; I do think your sister has undue influence over you-I do think that you are wax in hier hands, and I tell you fairly, this being the case, that you had better say good-bye to me, and let me go on my way. 'You don't love me as I love you,'hbe protests. 'That is a point I can't possibly dispute; it's beyond me to say in what way or to what degree you love me. Ionly know this, that I don't love you well enough to go into action against Mrs. Dumorest, if I am subject to her supervision, or if you ever permit her to tell you that I have come in the way of her chil dren's rightful claims upon you. If I marry you, Mrs. Dumorest mntust content herself with tyrannising over her own husband, she shall not have the smallest atom of sway over mine.' 'My darling, ?he says, sacrificing every consideration for hissister for the momest. ' Florence will be the first to appreciate you, and be grateful to you frr giving yourself to me. ' Gladys laughs-rather a grating little laugh it is. He is a better and weaker man than she has hitherto imagined. He believes that she is good enough her self to care for a good woman's appreciation. He is weak enough to suppose that she will ever do anything to deserve it ! SArch, bow long will this halo about me last for you,' she says, rather more seriously. 'I'11 tell you one thing more about myself. I'll make one more attempt to save you from the consequences of your own infatuation, and ifyou won't be saved, why then we'll marry, and I'll be the social Queen of Somersetshire.' She looks a queen, a bright, beautiful buoyant, natural sovereign of her sex, as she speaks. She has drawn her supple, slender, well-balanced little figure up to its full height. Gladys has a power of looking down upon taller women that perplexes people about hier real stature considerably. IHe, dazzled more than ever by the change ful charm of her yresence, forgets every warn. ing word she has been so candidly uttering to him, and remembers only his love for her, and the proud certainty he has that she will indeed be the queen of his county, when she comes into it as his wife. He begins expressing these sentiments with the incoherent volubility of a lover when she interrupts him : 'You haven't the one more fact about myself that may induce you to pause and re tract your offer of marriage,' she says calmly. You can have nothing to tell me about yourself, darling, that can alter my desires and determination, ' he replies. She shakes her head dubiously. 'You think I am a rich woman, don't you ?' 'G'adys, the thought of your money has never crossed my mind,' he says, with a ring of real indignation. ' I should have pro posed to you if you had been penniless,' ' That's precisely what I am,' she says with a blithe laugh. ' Steel Grey and the ponies, and Vengeance, and my jewellery are all I have to depend on. Now, hear .the fact, Arch Saltoun. I have been spending my capital, and have nothing lett but the goods and chattels I have mentioned; until Isell them, or some of them, I can neither pay my hotel bill nor Britton's wages; if I were a wealthy woman still I would not marry you, and I've just enough honour left to tell you thil truth while there is yet time. What do you say now ?' 'I ask you to be my wife, ' he says quietly, and Gladys Cardigan holds both hands out to him and, says: You haves tood a bitter test very bravely, and I will be your wife without another word of opposition on my part; but how will you bear your sister's taunts when she comes to know that you have married a pauper, for that is what I shall be when my debts are paid ?' ' She will never know it.' Yes, she will-from me. I shall make no disguise about it. Why shall I not have the triumph of letting her and everybody else know that you have married me for my self and not for the wealth they imagine I passess?' My sister will never suppose anything concerning you that is disparaging to you in any way, my own Gladys,' Arch says, against his own convictions as to what his sister will think and say overcome by his overwhelming satisfaction at having gained Gladys' consent. What is his sister. or what are his sister's views to:bim now ? The loveliest and most charming woman in England is going to be his wife, and Florence-well, as the always loved her, and dutiful as he has been in her hands, must learn that henceforth Gl.dys is omnipotent with him. She nlides her hand within his arm as she listens to his assurance concerning his sister, and when he ceases speaking she proposes that they shall go in and prepare for a ride, 'Steel Grey will fancy that I am forgetting her. I didn't ride yesterday or the day be fore. We'll go out for three or four hours scamper this afternoon,' she says as they pace back slowly to thie hotel. 'We will, darling,' hie answers, readily. Then he remembers Florence's telegram, aud that Florence is imminent. HIe dares not, or, rather, he feels that it wll be indiscreet, to allow iMrs. Dumorest to arrive unwelcomed, and to give her time to brood in solitude over the fancied slight, while he and Gladys are rambling about in search of tlre picturesque. Accordingly Ie adds, rather hesitatingly: 'I am expecting Florence up this after noon. Perhaps 1 ought to stay in to receive lsrr ?' 'Pray don't consider me for a moment,' Gladys says, quicklly. ' I most certainly shall not waste this lovely day in looking at un interesting Torbay and Brixham from the windows of the botel. I shall ride; do as you please.' 'You know if I did as I ' pleased, 'that I shouldl ride withl you; but Florence will naturally feel hurt, after telegraphing to me that she is coming, if I'm not here to receive her. ' ' By all means remain and receive her, ' Gladys, answers, carelessly, 'and when I come back you can bring her to see me.' 'She is coming expressly to call upon you,' Arch Saltoun says, praying that he may be forgiven the mendacious utterance on account of thle excellence cf his pacific inten tions. SSo I suppose,' Mrs. Cardigan says, with sweet composure,' that's the usual thing for the ladies of a man's family to do when he announces his engagement to them.' Then she laughs, and adds defiantly: ' My dear Mir. Saltoun, do you think for a moment that I am deceived by your praise worthy efforts to keep things looking fair for me? Your sister is coming up to break off our engagement if ste can; to make herself obnoxious to me if she can't; but I fear her so little that I shall leave you to hold free converse with her, knowing that whatever she may say about me you will be ' loyal and true.' ' CH5APTER VI. It is all together disagreeable to Mrs. Du morest to enter the 'Imperial Hotel,' knowing asshe does that the chianged condition of affairs must be known, even to the hall- porter. She has always ruled as absolutely in her brother's bouse as her brother has hiimself. As absolutely and far more autocratically, and she is aware that his servants have writhed under and generally girded against her dominion. 'l'hey are all mean enough to be glad othis marriage, for no other reason because it will put me out,' she tells herself, feverishly, as she watches the furtive smile which flickers over the face of Parrot, Arch's valet, who is waiting at the door in order to give the earliest inteligence of her arrival to his master. 'I have too keen an eye for Arch's real welfare not to have been very much in the way of an idle, wasteful, extravagant, gossipping crew, such as be has had at Friars Court. They are hoping that they'll have it all their own way under the regime of a woman who lives about the hotels and han't a single lady friend.' It is dealing out rathrr hard measure to Mrs.Cardiganto assert nthis uncompromising and sweeping style that ' she hasn't a single lady friend 'simply because no lady friend has been made manifest to Mrs. Dumorest. But the latter lady is given ta surmising the worst about most people to whom she is antipathetic, and when she does not clearly discern a point in their favour she straight way avers that the point is not there. Arch and his sister have their first meeting in the public drawing- room. It is sorely against her will that this is so, but bither he had directed that she should be shown on her arrival It must be conceded that there is a touch of cowardice on his part in arranging it thus. But on the other hand, cowardice renders the circumstances pardonable. Florence's tongue could be very terrible, and her brother knew this, though up to the present juncture he had never been made a victim to its terrors. But he had heard it taking violent exercise against others who had run counter to its owner's will. And now Gladys was out and Florence imminent, Arch's affectionate heart misgave him that he had run counter to his sister's ,till in a way that was very woeful to her. However, there is no sign of trepidation, much less of remorseful anxiety, in his manner as he greets her. They are not alone in the room, and Florence feels that Arch is afraid to give her a fair chance of putting his folly clearly before him while there is yet time. An ald gentleman isreading the paper at one end of the room, A couple of girls are chat tering noisily at the other. Two or three ladies are scattered about at the different writing tables. Mrs. Dumorest takes in these obstructions to familiar intercourse with her brother, and feels savage. Arch takes them in simultan eously and feels safe. 'This is hardly the meeting 1 anticipated when we parted so happily the other day,' Mrs. Dumorest says, in a clever whisper that is loud enough to frighten Arch, and low enough for his fears to be groundless. SNo, is it ?' he replies, as cheerily as the conviction that his sister looks upon him as a brand to be plucked from the burning will permit him to. ' Things have turned out very differently to what I ventured to hope then. - \Very differently indeed,' Mrs. Dumorest assents, in accents of resignation in which there is a strongly fla.voured acidulated drop ' Gladys will be in directly, I hope,' he says, disregarding both the resignation and the acid, and looking at his watch with a hopeful air that is designed to delude his sister into the belief that he expects all manner of balmy influences to permeate the atmosphere when Mrs. Cardigan appears. But he feels that his loving imposture is of no avail whlen Mrs. Dumorest rejoins: ' I hope you will not let this lady see me until you have given me a little further infor mation than was conveyed in your letter, Arch; indeed it is impossible that I can do so,' she continues, bridling with baffled sisterly zeal, and vividly remembering the claims of her own little Arch and Florry upon this back.sliding uncle of theirs. ' I at least will not forget my children, for their sakes, and putting all thought of myself out of con sideration, I must not rush into any rash in timacy that may mar my poor little ones' future prospects.' Arch Saltoun begins to grow wildly nervous at this juncture, for he sees that the two young girls are ceasing to chatter noisily, and are gazing with undisguised curiosity and interest at himself and Florence. The old gentleman too has dropped his newspaper, and is sending vindictive glances in the direction of the pair, alo have not so much disturbed him by their conversation as upet hIis mind by creating an inordinate desire in the latter to hear it. The elderly ladies at thtir respective writing.tab?cs have eaitd off their own work as it were, in a kindly, considerate epirit of attention to that evidently arduous work of Mrs. Damorest's, Arch teeling himself unable to bear it any longer, hbstily proposes an adjournment to a 'quieter place,' a proposal to which Florence has been carefully worlking up, and towards whichI she has so carefully mddulated her rasping voice that every tone of it shall fall irritatingly on the ears of those present, with out one of them catching a coherent sentence. 'I am quite willing to discuss the subject in greater privacy, Arch,' she mutters; 'it certainly is not my desire to proclaim to everyone in the hotel that I am nearly heart broken about you.' 'Ob, stop that till you know what you are talking about,' he says, .more impatiently than he has ever spoken to his sister before. Then he leads the way to a private draw ing-room, and on the way meets Britton, who sniffs suspiciously in passing, and causes Mrs. Dureorest to experience a fever and ague of the spirit that she intuitively feels will con tinue to be her portion so long as she shall be condemned to come in contact with anyone or thing connected with Mrs Cardi gan. ' Is it true ? Are you not merely amusing yourself unworthily with an unworthy woman, Arch ?' his sister questions, leading up a forlorn hope in a way that proves that not one spark of the latter irradiates her path.' ' Is what true? that I am engaged to marry Mrs. Cardigan ? Of course it is, and let me tell you that this the last time I shall ever allow myself to hear a word that is not honourable to her, even from you.' Hespeaks sternly, and Florence Dumor est recognises that it is not only true, but that in his perverted judgement it is a glor ious and beautiful truth. The tears which fall from her eyes now are not tears of either spite or disappoint ment about herself. They flow on her brother's account solely. In just proportion to his infatuated belief in this terrible stranger who has beguiled him will be his chagrin and vain remorse in the future, when he finds his idol bent on shattering herself and him. \ ' It'sthe maddest folly, it's thenoblest trust,' she cries out. 'Oh, Arch, my own dear brother, do pause and find out a little more about this woman you will make your wife, You know absolutely nothing yet, and what you do know cannot be reassuring to you.' 'I know all that a man needs to know of the woman he would marry,' Arch replies. with passionate obstinacy. 'I know her to be wise and good and fair-I know that I love her-and trust that she loves me. What more would a man have ?' ' But do you know her to be these tbings? Are you sure that your trust is well-founded?' She is waiting eagerly for his answer : but the saving opportunity of his giving it with out further bias from his great enchantress is denied to her. There comes a knock at the door that is almost authoritative, she thinks, and close upon this knock the door opens, and Britton's throughly respectable head and shoulders protrude themselves into the room. 'My mistress has returned, sir, and will speak with you at once.' she says, in what sounds a very dictatorial tone in Mrs. Dumor est's outraged ears. And Arch obeys the summons ofhis liege lady-love so hastily that his sister has only time to say; ' I hope you will not quite forget that I am here in your novel bewilderment, Arch. Clement will be glad to have me back, and I see that no one will be glad to see me here; still, I feel that I cannot consistently with duty leave you until I have heard more from you and you more from me.' Arch Saltoun feels inclined to condemn his sister's sense of duty in the most idio matic language he has at command. But a sense of expediency restrains him,. and he gets himself out of the room without outraging her sense of propriety in any other way than by his abrupt exit. Gladys is ready to speak to him, and very much to the purpose, too. When he comes into her beautiful presence Mrs. Cardigan has come home tired and ruffled in temper. The faultless Steel Grey has committed a faux-paux-tripped upon a gigantic fungus, sprained her pastern, and rolled together with her owner in one of the muddiest' ferny bhollows ' that may be found even in a Devon shire lane. - Gladys is profoundly vexed with her mare, with herself, and consequently with her lover. 'If you had gone with me this would not have happened,' she says, sparkling with wrath that the cannot bring to bear on any definite object, 'Steel Grey is ruined, and I am bruised and shaken to pieces, and all be cause of no one to tell me that-a horrible little lane, that looked inviliog before I got into it was in reality nothing more than a boggy snare. 'My darling, are you hurt?' he asks in alarm. And he unadvisedly draws her towards him as he speaks and puts his arms around her. In a moment she writhes out of his embrace and stands radiant with fury before him. 'What a supine tool, what a washed-out patientfGriselda you take me for !' she flames out. ' You openly neglect me, you openly prefer doing your sister unnecessary honour to paying me common respect, and you ex. pect me to receive you as it your neglect had not nearly cost me my life. Do you think for a momnent that I value what you can give at so high a rate that I will grasp at it still, now that you have shown me what a slight hold I have over your heart. No; no, Mlr. Saltoun, go ba:k to the woman you have pre ferred to me, a free man!' She bursts into tears as she brings her frantic, inconsequent declaration to a close, and he, wild with remorse for he knows not what, and flattered by the show of feeling on her part that he never for an instant distrusts, kneels at her feet, bows himself body and heart and soul befo:e her, and suffers her to see that he is more her slave than ever. 'No sister can come betwecn us after this,' she tbinks, with cool malice, even while she goes on sobbing assiduously without any ap parent effort. ' I risked a good deal; ninety nine men out of a hundred would have gladly taken such a demon as I showed myself at my word and left me. But I staked all on his fond folly, and I have won.' Then she gradually permits herself to be soothed back into composure, and delud;s poor Arch with her wiles and allurements into thinking that after all she is going to be malleable gold in his hands. 