Remedy for. Depression. Br Joshua BAimr. The. groat fact which tho people of Australia find staring them in. the face is the continued depression. Many have been the schemes put beforo the public for tho removal of this depression. Vil lage settlement, perhaps, hne struck tho keynotomoro nearly thimanyof the others, andthopurtialEucoessithasmetwith is the. best proof of its raorits. But something of a larger grasp, of a . moro workable and more definite ohnrp.otor is required. The idea is fast gaining ground', that our presont style of living, our decided tendency to oongregoito in the large townB in preference to living in- the country, has been the causo of much evil. The remedy sought for in the older countries is to make country lifo moro attractive than it ie, and to find a moans to induce the proper persons to settle in the country." Opinion is divided ro tho question of governmental responsibility to provide work for tho unemployed. The writer's opinion is that, ulthough not actually responsible, the government could easily luivo eased off tho unemployed through out tho colony, by opening up public works of a nocesBury kind. And this raises another ghost. It is the general impression amongst working- men, that the Government hnvo not been sincere, nor candid towards them, and in fact seemed pleased at the low ratcH to which labour hue boon reduocd. If the Government wore sincoro, how, ie it thnt immigration was not soouor stopped? How is it that even in stopping immigra tion, another agency, and that a very costly one, was foisted on tho country, atul Mr. Hume Black appointed to the post? "Why were some salaries, raised, but not ono in our overcrowded and highly paid civil service reduced ? Among all the bills passed by tho last Parliament, how many have a tendency to better 'the condition of tho masses? If there be any Bueh, tho benefits claimed for the worker will not be compared to tho gain, which will fall to the share of capital. Neither the labour party nor the capitalists have the real internets of the masses at heart, or' ut least neither has Bhown by word or not in the pust that they have developed any plan wherewith to ameliorate their condition. I, ate events have lessened rather than raonded the chances of improvement, and at the present moment, tho prospects o." the colony are in a worse state than at any previous period of " its history. The scheme I wish , to advance, and which I will heartijy . and strenuously advocate, will provf?, I am convinced, a panacea for the' general depression and, unemployed difficulty. This is nothing more nor less than the close settlement of the people on tho land; Before proceeding to the modus operandi of actual settlement, I must first show how the sinews of war or ways and mean oan be provided. From informa tion set forth in late reports, under Gov ernment authority, I find that there is locked up in various hanks in Brisbane something like £2,500,000. This money has been borrowed by the Government of the day for, and on behalf of, tho people, in the British money market; and for which tho people of Queensland are pay ing interest;. Now, although it may be gratifying to our ruleis to have such a large sum unexpended, and immediately available for public uso whenover they consider it . convenient, it is to "a thinking mind a grievous reflection to know that that money could bo ap plied in such "a manner as to put the colony on a safe and. stable footing, and bring prosperity baok, as if by magic touch. Doubtless the banks pay the Government interest on the amount lodged with thorn, but in the face of existing circumstances, why should the money so placed not be put to the best possible use? If I oan show that a better uso can bo found for tho money than that at present in practice, should not that purposo be tried ? I am well aware that the Govern ment requiro a reserve fund to '. carry on the business of the country and for emer gencies that may arise, 'but the sum whioh is now lying practically idle in the hanks is far in excess of probable requirement?'. It has been thought thathalf a million pounds sterling, inadditioe, of course, to thenaturol revenue of the colony, :is sufficient for. all purposes; This would leave £2,000,000 to be applied to the, operations of my scheme. Some cavillero might say liere that this money, having been borrowed for the specific purposd 'of building rail ways, &o.;, ought to be applied to those purposes. But, in reply, I would remark that, as provision was made in tho Inst session of Parliament for tho building of future lines fyy the land-grant system, it would be perfectly, justifiable to appro priate the money for this or . any othor national purposo. The whole o£ this money would be 'lent to the several banks, as a fixed .deposit, for a specified term, say, ton years. It would , ho stipulated that the . banks pay to tho Government a fixed interest of £5 per centum per . annum on the' amount of their contract, which would mean a clear income of £100, 000 per annum. The banks, having the use of, this large sum of money for suoh a long term, would he /able to uso it as a . lever to move off tlip depression whioh ' exists in commer cial circles.' I would therefore propose that, the Government issue £2,000,000 worth of Trenanry notes, representing th o amount at present lodged with tho banks after deducting tho hulf-millon pounds, as a -reserve lor purposes already do- scribed. A right, or privilege, could he given tho hunks, whereby tlioy could re pay at any time, in gold, any portion of tho amount contracted for, and a corres ponding amount in Treasury notes would ho withdrawn from circulation. All work porformed on account of tho scheme, ns well as all machinery, implements, and othor requisites which might bo pur chased therefor, would ho paid for with tho Government Treasury notes, wluuh, howoYor, would not bo avail able for any othor purpose hut that for. which thoy would ba qnocinlbt issued, and would i1 no-sejiBe interfere or ' come - in , contact ' -with''' any ' other' branches of the publio service/' For tho carrying out of tho sohemc, a short bill dealing with the matter, woulcl, of courso, have to be passed through Parliament, making , tho Treasury notes a legal tender. Those notes might range in vuluo from, say, 5s. up to £5 eaoh. - ' I will now pass on to the first stagos of the practical working of tho solieme. The object being to case off the unem ployed as well as to Bottle - a peasant population on tho lands, work would be immediately ; provided for all ahlo and willing to work. TliiB primary employ ment would come under the category of reliot, works, which could bo started simultaneously in . different parts, where convenient, and would all be of u necessary and reproductive character.' There avo many districts where firat-olaos agricul tural lauds lie undeveloped for want of roads or' railways. The opening up of tbeso oontros for settlement could be nb onco proceeded with as required, to absorb surplus labour, In other districts there are gaps in railway construction which could be filled up, if deemed expedient by tho ltail way Commissioners, who Bhould be charged 5 por cant for the use of tho money, so that tho labour would be reproductive,, ns it -is. 'in tended to be. Under thie scheme tho Government could, in oertain moro favoured districts, at onco start tho clearing of suitable land for the reception of settlors. The. Government would not. only control those so-called relief works, but would continue and oxtend tho work of soleoting from ti mo to time large blocks of land, which tboy would fully prepare for' tho reception of the.futuro farmer. Tho work or duty of the Government would not thus eud, as at present, at tho mere opening up of a piece of country; that is to suy, having it proclaimed by " Government Gnzetto" as open for selection, survoying it into portions ut the cost of tho solcetor, which cost, togothor with the first year's ront, must bo paid cash down. AIL known labour-saving appliances would-bo intro duced, so ns not only to save expense but- to save tiiuo to those desirous of sottling and tho more speedily to put nn end to the depression. The area allowed for soloction would be fixed to suit tho demand, and 50 acres would be fixed as tho minimum. The upset price of all land would bo 10s. per aero, and tho Government would add on to that price the cost of clearing and pre paring, which', total sum would then becomo the price of tho land. It will bo optional for. the selector to pay down the full piico asked' for by tho agent of tho Government. He could pay a portion only, or pay no purchase monoy at all ; so long as lie pays, as he may do in perpetuity, at the rate of £5 por cent per annum, which would only he equivalent, to rent. The selector would have the option or privi lege of paying up tho purchase money at any time, or to sell the selection or his interest therein nt nny time. A clauso would also provide that a limit bo placed on the area to bo occupied, by any ono person. I would suggest that 300 acres bo fixed as the: maxi mum area of selection. Thus no person would bo permitted ' to acquire more land than ho could cultivate or nee. No land would bethrown open except the best and most suitable. Thus the Darling Downs itself and other well known lands might ho repurchased by tho Government and thrown open as above desoribed. The men who assisted in the clearing of tho lands would have tho first olaim to select. Ae this scheme can bo carried out only by Government, mid as it . will bo com pulsory on all classes, ns taxpayers, to contribute towards- tho funds, the Govern ment wages would necessarily be less, at least apparently so. Wages would not be less than 15s. per week to single men, hut in the ease of married men an oxtra allowance would bo made at a specified rate per head, according to tho number in their- families. In addition to this, how ever, tho Governraontwonld provide tents, huts, or othor shelter, all tools and im plements, means of transit, and such like. AH food, clothing, and othor neoessarioB would be charged at- cost price, the only charge on tho prime cost to he for dis tribution. It must also be noted that those workers would have no rent or taxes to pay, and would nearly always ho nblo to find supplios of firewood, water, &c.;, free, and close ut hand. A scheme like this would afford instant and per manent relief. 