PASSING- NOTES. By Faustine. " Mrs. B. and 1 are 110 longer 011 speaking terms," runs the I'.S. in a gossipy letter from another colony. " I think that I was justly atl'ronted by her ruduness over that ' mother's meeting ' allair, and did not scruple to tell her so. In revenge, she has done what I thought 110 decent woman capable of doing — violated a confidence made in a moment of expansion, and spread reports which may do ine harm ill society !" .So the deliberate scandalmonger, with all our modern pro gress, is not yet all extinct animal, even 011 philanthropic societies and church commit tees. Still she glides in and out of innocent-looking, rose-tinted drawingroonis, poisoning tho air she broatlies witli tiie venom of her serpent-tongue, and sowing the cruel seeds of bate, suspicion, and distrust wherever she appears. More than ever closely, at this critical period of their life's history, should women band to gether in a spirit of generous lovingkiiidness — greater than ever to-day the need for cul tivating that large, noble, and lofty spirit which " tbiiiketh not evil and absolutely refuses to sit in judgement on a sister's actions, even when appearances aro against her. But tho woman, however deeply in jured, who can deliberately use a eoulideneo of friendlier days to work a mean revenge, is not only unworthy of discussion— she is beneath contempt. Society, of course, with its hypocritical surface standards of vice and virtue mostly aids and abets the scandalmonger in her con- tcmptiblccalling. The woman wliositsquictly through a process of mud-throwing, without a strong protest or a generous plea for charity for the bespattered absent one, is an acces sory after the fact hardly less to be con demned than she who makes the active attack. And how easily some of the shallow ivitml ni- af. tiers, who nnvei' look beneath the surface of things, or study a single motive- spring of action from a large human stand point, settle what is Right and Wrong in their neighbor's conduct ! Ethics and philo sophies that have puzzled alike sages of antiquity aud our greatest modern thinkers have 110 terrors for Llicm. Everything is as easy, bless you, as saying Jack Robinson ! The farthing-rushlight conventions that they call "right," and the breaches of social ob servance that are summed up under the broad term of " wrong," are useful and re spectable enough distinctions 111 their proper place; but the very fact that they vary all over the world according to climate and general conditions is quite suf ficient to throw discredit on- the idea of a divine origin. That men, speaking broadly, recognise all this better than women, arises not from any special merit 011 their part, but from favoring oiroutustances. Their life is fuller and freer, their experience ut the world wider and more varied. Ill this, as in every oilier way, one hopes for much from the growing interest of women 111 public all'airs. In a larger field of thought and energy even the average woman will have less time and less desire for feminine petti nesses. As regards what some slangy person has called " tongue-music," ill its less harmful souse, lovely woman has so far certainly enjoyed a proud pre-eminence. 'The aspen- leaf theory is still held sacred by the male majority, and suggestive comparisons as " a Lrou of April " talking ibivds," "a tloelc of geese," "magpie chatter," and so on, yet lloui'isli iu connection with tho subject of female volubility. Now it appears that the fastest talker 111 tho world is of the nobler sex. 'The name of this enterprising lunatic is Horr 1'ollak, and lie is at present showing himself oil' at the World's Fair. The 20,000 words that hu claims to spin oil' the reel in 40 minutes haven't the ghost of a meaning in them, but be oilers a prize of 40,000 llorius to any shorthand writer attending this in teresting enterlainmunt who succeeds in " taking him down." Ho is perfectly safe- After 40 minutes of tins maddening jargon, the only way one can understand any unfor tunate stenographer "taking him down" would lie with a brickbat. Speaking of tho Fair, Frank Lenlic'n Week!,!! has a charming drawing of Egyptian dancing girls in the " Cairo street " of the Midway I'laisuncc, .supplemented 'by somo interesting remarks 011 its general otl'oeli on tile various spectators. It is ililiieult to be lieve, either from drawing or verbal descrip tion, that any note of deprecation should enter into the puro pleasure tho poetry of motion therein suggested. In these days of "high kicking" and capering of dilTcrunt kinds, indeed, tho following sounds absolutely tame. " It is not done with the feet and logs. It is in 110 ordinary sense 1111 exhibition of nimbleuess and agility. Indeed it is not dancing as we understand dancing. Instoud of that it is a series of posturings, rhythmically performed, in which only tho upper part of tho body is used. It is a swaying and a movement of the body nbovo the hips to a musical accompaniment." Yet, curiously enough, while everybody asks everybody else a dozen times a day " Have you seen the dancing ill tho Cairo-street 1 " the differences of opinion as to its nature and ten dency aro as varied as tho temperaments of tho onlookers. To some it is purely artistic, to some sensual, toothers absolutely immoral. " There is, it must ho confessed, a great fascination in it," writes our critic, " after it becomes a little familiar, but it is u fascination that shocks at lirst and then stuns, like the charm that opium- smoking has for its votaries." He thinks the Oriental would iiud our Western antics and posturings extremely stupid and uiiciitertaining, yet to entirely relined Western eyes that the dancing of tho Egyptians will at lirst, if not always, bo revolting too. Ill tile face of this expression of opinion, tho assertion that " the artist looking only for beauty iinds it hero without that alloy of suggestiveness which probably commends the posturing to tho Orientals themselves, and which cer tainly pleases men of purely carnal minds," sounds somewhat contradictory. The sum ming-up seems to be simply that Eastern customs are not Western. Also, tlml what we call morality is, as I before observed, very much a matter of latitude and longi tude. "Meg" died last month. 'There is u certain vagueness, at first sight, about tho announcement. But this particular flower in a garden of " Meg's " was an old friend of all who have read Miss Louisa Alcott's charming hooks, so pure, so bright, so thoroughly suited to the intellectual and I spiritual needs of building womaubood. j "Meg," in "Little Women," was a study from life of Miss Alcott's put sister, Alma, whose simple love albiirs thrilled our teens, 1 as they will those of our daughters after us. A (natural, lovable quartet, those four sisters, Meg, Beth, Jo, ami Amy— and Meg was tho last surviving one. " Belli " died in early girlhood, "Amy" (May), a pretty, lively girl, a month ortwo after marriage. " Jo"was the authoress herself — perhaps the brightest and most successfully-drawn portrait of them all. We want a few 111010 writers liku 1)1 iss Aleott. S wool and wholesome, without being in the least prosy or didactic ; sympathetic, yet sufficiently frank in range of subject and rousing iu tone, her books are the very beau- ideal of recreative reading for very young girls. John Chinaman, with his innocont stolidity, and his smile so "ehildliko and bland, " doesn't do badly ill the smuggling line — witness " Smuggling as carried on in i'ort Jackson," a recent contribution to this paper. But for real ingenuity iu evading anything, from a direct policy to a still more direct policeman, you can't beat " Her Royal Highness, Woman," when she develops a turn for crooked practices. I'aris seems to bo the particular headquarters of the re sourceful but dishonest female. It was a " hello Parisicnno " who carried 011 for two or three years a successful career as adiamond smuggler, by taking a pet stork about with her, aud hiding tho precious stones in his bill at tho critical moment. And again, the queen city lias lately regretfully consigned to a temporary seclusion an elegantly dressed lady well known 011 the boulevards for some time as a suspect." Tlicy found it extremely difficult until a few wooks ago to get any further than suspicion. Sho was so very, very elegant, and she stepped from her carriage followed by such a highly superior looking nurse, carrying such a delicately- laced and embroidered baby, that to think of 1 her except as a sweet and gentle madonna | seemed sacrilege. However, it was noticed that wherever this touching family group np poarcd, old luces and valuable juwols had a curious knack of disappearing ; and finally, after a particularly audacious haul, the group was arrested, baby and all. TI10 baby turned out to bo a very important auxiliary! too ; for it was of pasteboard anil hollow, with a waxen face, anil altogether a most convenient recuptaele for the stolen property with which it was gorged. Really such powers should not be allowed to run to waste on ordinary shop-lifting. Paris has generally a "secret diplomatic mission" or a Government intrigue or two in the back ground to keep things lively. It should petition for the immediate release of this misjudged pair of martyrs to all such all old- timo prejudices as wanting to keep what you have bought and paid for, and start them on something really worthy of their talents. A Sydney correspondent writes to 1110 on the womanhood sulTrago movement in some what despondent fashion. "Just at the time," sho says, " when Mr. Rae, who has always been a supporter of the franchise, is about to move in lliu mattor by way of test ing the feeling in the House, this unfortunate split in tho league is hampering our advance ment." It all depends on tho spirit and earnestness of those who, by holding lirmly to their views, have hastened the resignation of the dissenting faction. Dillerenoesof opinion must inevitably arise in any growing body met together for a given cause, however catholic, in the main, appears the basis of that cause ; and there is nothing lott to he done, should these tlillercnees become too vital to he peacefully bridged over, but for the weaker party to retire. This they have doiie,!llicrebv|leaviiig the' stronger, and what., to me, certainly represents the more pro gressive clement, in possession of the field. .Such a step should leave 110 ill-feeling behind it. It is perfectly legitimate. It simply moans, "I cannot countenance the new order of things, so I leave you to work them out after your own methods." Whether we con sider the views of the defecting party sound, or their motives nbovo suspicion, can have no significance after they have once taken the only course left open to then). Fight to the end when you are actually 011 the Held of battle ; don't budge an inch ; but forget all differences as soon as the light is over— especially if the victory is yours. That can be the only generous way of looking at it. I do not altogether agree with my corre spondent's remarks about tho choice, of a leader. Merit: Yes, certainly; mid 110 respect of persons apart from that. But 1 do consider that the leader of suuli an impor tant movement should be a woman of culture of ruliiienient, of wide observation, and pos sessing strongly the administrative faculty. I go further. .She should also, if possible, be a woman of leisure and means, rather than one laboring for a bare subsistence, because her mind, true from petty cares, would be more at liberty to take up outside interests- But — the proviso is important—she should he as far above tho worry of how " society" is regarding her chosen work as sho is above the mean and grinding influences of a tread mill light for existence. Sho should be un afraid and consistent in her opinions, broad and catholic ill her sympathies, and ready to saorilico personal to public interests. As to her general views and theories, let her be anything : "Aristocrat, autocrat, democrat — what cure I V One who can rule, and dare not lie." 