Ml OllEY Ham. I had been spend ing a most delightful evening with my old friend and sohoolfel low, Edward Staun ton. He waB a oouplo of years my Henior, but ? still short of thirty. Twelve montbB bolore I bad taken the ordinary medioal degrees ot a general praotitionor, md the day before bad landed at Liver pool after my first voyage to Australia sa medioal oflioerof i large steamer. I bad oorne straight trom Liverpool to London, gone to my hrmer lodgings in Oaborno-street, Bus sell - square, and, having drawn one full breath, said to myself with the eooond, ' I wonder whore'a Ned Staun ton?' Altar some inquiry and telegraphing, I ton ad that he had bought a praotioo ia a northern suburb and gone to take up the jjlaoe the vory day 1 set toot |on E nglaad— y sBtetdny . I telegraphed Ned, . aeking it it would be aonveuJont for ma to oallin afewdayp, and got back a reply: 'If you do not oome to-night, no more be ollioor ot mine.' I was wholly un acquainted with the region in which Stuuuton had pitohGd bis teat. I know tho heart ot London well, and show- plioea in tho saburbu, and up and down the rive*, but tho northern dia ttidta were, lot mo, beyond tho bounds of explored lande, I boiled a hnnsoni m the Strand at eight o'oloolf, and, alter Borne difficulties and delays, found myself in Nod' a before nine. We had a hundred tbjoga to talk of. We were both from the same small Devon shire town. Time Hew, and it sttuok twelve before I thought it could bo eleven. When I rose to go Ned ptesBed mo bard to stay for the night, but 1 told him that was imnoBBible, Bu I had to get a letter which I knew was now wntjng for mni and answer it before going to bed. ' ])y tho way.' said ho with a smile, rbwo moved throng!) hie snng littlo study on my way to the door, !.' I knnw you wero always superstitious. Are you bo atill?' ' Oh, more than evor,' said I with a laugb. 11 What is it now 7 Havo you startod a ghost as well as a brougham ? ' 'f 1'horo may bo a ghost about the place, ft stook-ghost, a kind of nost-egg attaohed to tho praotioo, but it ti unreasonable ot you to think that there oould ba ono of my own inakipg, already. Why, I only took up this praotioe yoaterday, Givo mo time, William Bsinford, give mo lime,' ' Tbeu wby do you want to know \l I (JQ) as superstitious as ever?' I said. ' I was going to ask you, whon you pro faned the oooassion with a laugh, it you bo liovo in dreams.' '? Dreams ! ' said I, with another laugh. 'I havo faith in nothing else now.' ' I'm aorty you'eonot a believer in them. I had a dream liero list night, tho first night I slept in my new homo, among my own patioutH, nnd I do wish it would oorao true. You might bolievo in a dtoam just for onoe and oblige nnd onoourago a worthy young praatitionor.' 11 What ! You only ask mo to beliove in it. Why, I'll swear it has oomo true already. I'll book its fulfilment with tho last jinple of my laBt ooin. What was your dtoam? ' . ' Woll, I thought I was ualled out Ittft night to a suddan ease. I found myself in n strango road. All at onou I felt I had lost my way, 1 was in great perplex t,y and trouble, for the case was one ot life and death. I did not know bow to get on or bow to get baok. Suddenly I saw in front of me, as it risen out of the ground, tho figure ot a loW'Bized eld man, olad in a thin black froak ooat, that flapped about him as he moved-' ', ' Are you tho dootor V ' said the voioo of tbo figure, ' ' I am,' said I. ' ' Then wby don't you oomo on quiok ? Follow me.' 'I hurried after him. He turned to the left, and then to the left again, and stopped betoia a largo anoiout houao ptindinu nil alono at tho bottom of a blind alley. IIu led tho way into tho house. I followod, and thoro I found a young mail ouokini?. A Uah bone bad eluuk in bis throat. I got the bono out, and tbo i H man hunilod mo n bag for my fee. When I got home I found tho bag contained a thousand spado Ruineaa. That was my droam. Wbat do you think it augurp, Wil iam Hainford ? ' said Htaiinton, with a smile. 'Tlio wealth of tho ltothobilda and a monnmoiit in Westminster Abbey,' said I, with a final lniigh, ns I oponod the fron« door. ? Yts, that wan my last laugh for this night. No Boonor had I swung open tho ddor than a donao, opaqui*, grey tog rolled into tbe hall. Nod renewed bi-i entreaties that I ahouli stay, but 1 hold firm. That letter mast bo an ewerod befo.ro 1 elept. ' Well,' said. 1ip, ' if you mast ro you ara euro to find a oab on tho tank at the bottom of tbe road. One of tbe first things I asked when I oamo hero was where a oab cciild bo got at all timcB o! tbe day and night, and I was told on tbe rank.' ' You'll want a ntout fonr-wbeoler to-night tor tbe thousand guineas,' said I, grimly, as I plunged into the tog, With the fall of tbe ground ;tha fog dflap, ened, The road was a long one ot dotaohod villas, with little gardens in front. I'oould but dimly sco tbe woll at tbe opposite sido, and tbo bouseB nut at all. At the bottom ot the road was no oab. Perhaps this was not the ' bottom of the road ' meant by Staunton. I would keep on. I was qnito sure to meet somobelatod vohiolo Boon. I oould never find my wnur.bnokto Nod's plaoo in tho fog with no one about ot whom to inquire I walkad on doggedly. The fofr.-vrew denser, I oould no longer oeo ao( \whe toad. I ttiid to keep in tho direction ot ll'iHiell-'iluaid , The housia on my own sido had grown more urban ; instead o! dotachod villaa with gardens in front I woh now pass ing through rows cf dwellings with lore COllVtJ. Thoro is nothing more uaoltkin and dopros sing than walking through a fog wben one is lost. I was tirod. I would rest a while. Tuo best place wouM bo et tho oornor of a toad, whoro I tOionld have a doublo ohanoo of a panBor-by or a vehiolo. I sat down on ono of the low walls of a foroaoutt, leaned my back against tha i'on railing and my shoulder against the oorner pillar. No ono oould pa?s along cither of tVsi ways without my hearing him. It was October, but not ool.«. I lit a oigar and fell into a J leaennt reverie. I was rather young to think ot sotting up tor myself like Btaun ton, and yet if I oould oommand tho money to buy a praotiop, or share of a practioe, I Bbould not think of making more than another voyage or two, But where wa.a tbe money to be got, J had oome up from Liverpool that any, and had run about the City a good deal, I was weary when I sat down, tho tobacoo Boothed me and I dozed— i-lipt, for all I o»n tell. I awoke suddenly. I looked around with Btupriso and pleasure. Tho fog had lilted. The night was dark, but beautifully dear. To oomplote my delight I hoard footsteps ap proaohing mo along tho pavement. I rose, stepped forward to intercept tho stranger and ask the way. In front ot me 1 eaw tbe figure of a low oUsd old man, olad in » Ihiu blaok frook.cp&t; that tlappcd about him as he movad, 'Ara you the dootor?'' said the voice ot tho figure. ' I am a dootox-,1' raid I, wholly confused nnd put out of solt- posBoseion by tho ooinoi denoo between tbo appcaranoa and speeob ot tbo stranger and those of tho man in Stoun ton's dream. 'Then why don't you oomo on quiok ? Follow mo.' So far tho ooinoidenoo was complete, nnd now up to a certain point tho inorediblo coin oidenco continned. I was as brand awaka as I am now. I hava noexplanation to givo ot tbo (aots. What followed will dinpoeo of any euapicion that I wns still aeloep, that I simply pairited ii my imagination a oopy ot Staunton'd dream. 1 carry on my body evidenoo that tho experience ot the next hour or two wns not a lijrrent of the brain, but » TEooid of laots. ' Then why don't 5011 oomo on quiok? Follow me.' Impolledby irrcsir tiblo impulse 1 oboj cf. I hurried nlloc my oonduotor. Me turned to tbo left nnd then to the left again, and stopped before a large, nmicDt bouse, standing all a'oae nt tho tottorn of a blind alley | Ho led tbe way into tbo bouee, and 1 followed I Up to Ibif point my experience corres ponded in cvuiy do* tail with Edward StuUDton'd driam, Up to Ibis point I felt a balt'Omustd curiosity to ece (.bo matter out, to follow tho o flair to tbe end. I bad a vogue, dim, unacknowledged ij pcolation ot a thou sand rpader guineas, or fortune in some other form. Tho old man led me into a wide, dreary, deserted look ing bu 1, tbo floor of wliiob, dimly revealed by the \ight of a sin^) i \\}t)tiuiv, nut] iibireu with bnken and dir jointed parts cf niaohinery, hnge b ttlca and jars, aud empty cm tee. 'This way,'' Fft'd (bo pW man. taL^og up tbe candK and freoeejngmelhrcvigh a door nt tbe back of the hall, tbeo along a ppppge Intoanofl btilding bebind the bouse, 1 fcund rnyaolf in a largo isolated loom W i t h a iiigh oiling like a studio, only it was fitted up hi-\\{ liko laboratoiy, halt a» Icvge. On a rmitb'u bearth in the corner a fire smoul dered. })qw pno tide fan a |org taOle cal apparatus, Ma cHns:u in various conditions ot con: plcteneBB lay upon tbe floor htre and . there, To my light W6j a small' tablo supporting tbo one oarjdlo my boBt bad brt light from tho ball, to my left, Rftinet the wal), hang a large mirror, In jrp.pt ol tho )w arlh jtood a hnge, cumbrcuH bigb baoked . obair of novel ebape. 'Sit down,' said the old man, poict.. ing to this chair, and seating hiraeelt with \- jump on the hearih ot tbe forge. I hesitated. '?Sit do«n ! ' ho cried peteroptoiily, pointirjg a\ IOL-g, lean linger it the chair. With a feeling of repulsion from (that ctnir I dropped into i'. In appearanoo it wbb ungainly — ic ptllent ; but.I found it a moat comtor'. able cost. The old man bad a lean, white, shaven face, with large, blur, glittering -y=s, 1 felt dazed by the marvellous ooinoi deuces, ty tbe etcaDgcncss of tbe oiroumetancofl. by tbe BurroundingF, and faeninated by tbe unearthly appear ance and air ot the old man. ' I called yon lust night,' eaid be, in a tone ol s'ivrro re proach, ' Why did you not oome V You uro tbe doctor V ' ' I fear tbire ia Borne mis'sUc,' I Buirl, feeling turn bed and oiiiy half ny nl(. - 'I am a doc tor, but I do net live in this dietribt, and I was not in London laitt night ?'' '?'Ah I' said be, sharply, peering tt me witu eyes which burned, but did net Benin to Bee. ' Jt dot a nnt matter ' muob eioce you are n doctor, and are herr; 1 live alone, I am an ixpciimec li 1 ohemial and in toctor. I btVJ bad two or tbreo oatalsp ' t-io eoijurfu ol Into yqars, J know the preliminary tymp torrB. 1 felt tho syniptorna at an nrmraanhlna attaok yeetirdny, I h.«d tbo Wtont«m «t sum, maniog^a ioofor last night, but either a 'light attack, or peculiarly heavy syraptonu have oon.luaad my memory, and perbj-pi I did dot go c\|t of the house at all. Tnero oan be no mhtako at all about tcnight. I am absolutely oertain to bave » Beiaure be. foro day. Oan you Btay wiln nie and Bccme through it 7 ' ' Oortninly, if you wish.' ♦ I do wUh it. J muat not bo wonc. Have yon any experience ot cntaleplio patients?' 'No,' ' ' '. 'Ah, yea; you do not. look deplorably voung. However j tboro is not any dilUoully ' in my oa«p, and fhftve-Vcen told tVere- ia no Q»ue? Iq( »r»xie)y M^.my mf\'}. Bba' know tbieo or four minutes bulora tienttaok OJines on. Then I brooma gradually rigid. You will lay mo quite (l*t on that oouoh by tho wall. NothiiiR more i.s to bn done but to . wait an hour or two. Tho object in having you with rao is to neo that I do not suffocate or fall among tho glass and obemioAli', or;into tho (ire. You havo nothinp, to do but keep . mo out of barm, nnd when I begin to reviva . administer that stimulant in tbe bottlo on tbo table by your side. '' I folt considerably relieved. The oaao had oomo down from ono of myntenous celebra tion in bin* or me, or both, to ono of a well knovrn disease, with tbo nt tango ooinoidenos of Staunton's dream added. ' I have no moans o( knowing,' went on tho old man, ' when tho neizuto rosy aino, beyond that it is certain to arise betweon tbia and dawn. I ran abrolutoly count on a few minutcb' warning. Tho faot tbut tho attaok ia ooming on need not till ur with any appre hension. We may tnlk as though wo had met purely for eoaitU inleraoursa, I am a recluip. 1 novej havo a si'itor. You are the first person who hns been in this room sinoo my teronoy began, 1 have beon hero upwardtt of twelve rr.nnthp. II you caro to Bmoke, and bave tobacco with you, light your pipe by all meanB. 1 can offer you refresh ment if yon feel dinp ooi d to eat or drink ' 'Thank you,' nuid I; 'il 1 may I will smoke, but 1 could neither eat nor drink. I had supper late.' Ho rnado a gracious gesture of assent by moving his open bnnds towards mo, extend ing his arms nnd bowing his heed. I was be ginning to feol at oobo, nt borne, almost oom tollable. All tho weirdnees wub wenring out of tho i ituation and environment. My mind wns Bufliuienlly in its ordinary attitude to allow of my smoking with rcliih. I lit a- oiear, nnd oompoeed mj-sell into a moio lazy postuio. 'And now whft, ebnll wo talk nbcut?' sold be, throwing ono leg ovor the other and cloepinR hia knee in both hands. ' Yours is an interesting oooupation,' said I ; '* you invent ?' ',Ab, yep. 1 am an amahmr inventor. I don'i follow it as a profession. I amuso n.yaeil at it, it ycu wieh to put the matter in tbat way. I live i.\oan. 1 ara alone in tho world. Ueually I am whjlly absorbed in my chemical experiments and mechanical inven tions. Only for tbe atta-k I Bm awaiting, I rhould be dcop in A ocriea ot experiments I am pow waMog respecting the wave forma tion o( variouB saline solutions, with a view to determining tho enlls held in sulutioD, nidtd by enormously magnified photograpbie records of the wavu formation. You may. call this imnp.inativo ohemiutry, if yon like, but ell soieoiio that seeks tor principles ia imaginative,' ' Th»t in an original method ot handling Wavo fo,r(nation,' eaid 1, feeling quite back On solid eaith onoe more ; ' and wbat direc tion do you inventors take !' ' Oh, various— variouu. You know 4hn Atntricona bave been trying experiments in making away witb criminals by electrioily? AVtll, I think I, in tliu intercsi of the humune diepoenl of life, have made a great advance on thtir (Jevicc*, 1 bavo invonted a oom biniit\c-» of the Spanish garotte and the American electrical exeontion chair. In my invemion there is no oluaipy arrangement ot etrapp, 1'be QU'yrit simply seats nimeelt in an ordinary-looking easy obair, bebind wbioh tbere are two levers. You press tbo lever on tbe rifehr, and tho victim is seized and se cured by springs and arms and books and steel tentacles in tho seat and arms and baok {i! tbo chair, wbile tbe garotto Blips round ihe neck. You preBB the lever on the left and a blndu. correBrtondinc with tho eorew ol tbe Spanish garotte, is tbrust forward, and at the same instant an overwhelming eleotiio current is discharged through the blade into the victim, nnd \a lesa than tbe tenth part of a tecopd nU is over. Without the current the blade is BUinciont ; without the blade tho ourrent is sufficient, tho blado coming in oontaot with tbo neok by the notion ot tba ilrat lever, thus asButing thu electric conneo tion for tho ourrent, and being thrust forward by the aotion of tho second lever, thus secur ing tbe fatal object, even if the ourrent fail.' T.ht faoe ol tbe speaker was now ilaming with excitement, and tbe blaze of enthuBiaBm was in his eyes. The man eprting down from his seat, and slipping behind the obair in wbioh I sat cried exoitedly ; ' Look in the minor on the wall. You are seated in the chair. Look in the mirror, and you oan see all be hind tbe chair as I explaiu it to you,' He pressed tbe lever on his light, orying: .' .Don't be alarmed. 1 sbull touoh only the right-hand lever.' 1 Ick myself instantly b- ized by the legs, tbe arm?, the bud;, tho utok. A ecoxe ol blunt prehensile houba laid bold of me, and by a literal movement of tbo lever tightened wnere l))?v toutobed. until I found mvaalf aa rigidly held bb though I sat in a suit of in flexible mail. At tbe same instant I felt a line sharp point pressed against the top of my nick from the baok ol the chair. *' Sorewa here adjust tbe machine to any bizp. Here are the screws,'1 said be, point, ing, In tho mirror 1 could eeo him andi . - biu actions with tbo levers and tho screws. . ' This,' Enid be, putting bis hand on tbe . iron bar. ilioking out liku an abrupt pump handle on the light, ' is the lover wbion. ae onres the viotim. You seemed alarmed, ara you ?(' ' Yep, very muob. Oh, prey ri lease mo.' ' In a moment.' Iiu strEtobed forth bio left hand towards tbe second lever, the left one. . ' This is the lethal lever. It I press this ? '? * , My eyes were staring out of my head. I did uot feel my breath come or go. I did not feel my heart beat. I saw him put hie hand upon the left lever. 1 eaw him let go the lever on tbe right, 1 anw him tnddenly jerk up his hoad. I saw the face wnioh tiad been blnzing witn intelli gence and excitement a moment before eua denly darken as if a light went out. I buw his body drop forward agnii st tbe back of , tbe chair of exeoution in wbioh I sal rigid, immovailf. 1 saw him lean against tbo ; ohiir of execution in wbiob I sat rigid, with tho para'ysia of outalepty upon biro, and holding me lethal level iu his hand I One lurch of his body to the l?(t, a. i light presume od thut rod in bis unconuoioud i.'rntp, and my iyefl woull close on the woriu lor evet ! I aid not tiy to move. I ooull nttory out. For an instant I taought I niun be dead I Then in tbe n.iiror on tbe wall I saw tbe figure cf the cU man shudder. For aseoond it leaitd itstlt up [torn thu back ot the obair, qud final'y sank geutly on thu ground ineru and harmless. Tbe attack bad oome on him without warning. It was bouru before he recovered conscious. . Dees and relecsed mo. In thai night my hair turned grey; and to ibis dny I bear on tbe back ot my neck the boar ot t te cut in .llictcd by that knife. ? . Wohds ov WisnoM.— -The Bishop of Win' ulioBtor is circulating the following ndviuu to young women anil younu men of till olussva of modern sooioty, foundoil on tho text, ' I r-,,,al-. tvnrlr fl\n ivnrtrn nf Him flmf. Rnllfc nln.' wWoh u\io well wovthy of- being omb .timed in «vorvbody's poukot-iiook; L)r. TlibroW's ompiiasisosare! Tiioiinperiitiveiiessofwoik ; tho Bupnrateness of our responsibility;; this shortness of time ;? to-find out :yoiif work, what it !b, and whoro it i?. His lordsbipi ' ' Bpcoilios }tho porlls as 'follow:— WnBto1 of time, money, nonlth, opportunity, listloss- ? noes, nnd suH- iiululgenco. Thou tho learned - Divinity Dootor Bays :—' What is your work?- Tho work you arc thinking of, and ' fooling after j tho work which you {del you are conscious of 'being best rUted'toi do'; . ? It is alm,Qat b,ettcv to ohooso tho ^vrong work' ? ihiin'n'ot to- bogln niiy.1 To lonugo- arid .' V'cr through life has uot only nh uuspcuk ftWo ba8one88 with it,1 bub it in cuviroued . wUU the aubVlegt dangora,11 ; ? ' ? ' ;'?? ' ' 