V COLLAPSED AM CASTLE. ?jT T Is a questionable comfort to bo n 3 bnoholor. I had never felt more ?onviuccd of that fact than I did on one pnrticulnr dny in Docombor. Tho eun — which I find ofton nfTocts our moods soriously by the way he looks down upon us — wns m a coquettish mood, ana conxocl even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. The Indies wore oub in ominous prophecy of n stormy morrow, a .sign bhut soldom fails —nob. figuratively spoaking, pormib mo to reinnrk, for I am no judge of othor men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably .boliove tho verdict, of fiction, ' whore the sky that had been obscured with olouds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and lifo wns one porpetual summor of bliss after tho bright particular ' she ' appeared on tho hrrizon of his life.' Literally, I rom (irked, howovor, that . tho unusual numbor of tho foninlo porsuaaion in tho streets of our famous town portended a storm, and so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, Justus I imagine society -belled must appear after a brilliant ball, where they have squniidorcd threo days' supplies of smiles und blandishments on one ovouing. J'er hnp.i the ntmosphoro warmed up onough people to warrant tho outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the sumo. Questionable, I romnrkod, is tho comfort of a bachelor. It is very fluttering to bo pointed out as somo tipooial genus of n rncc, m an exclusive way, (.hilling with an uuborrowed lustre, i\s-, 'That tall (;cnlleman we just passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor.' I felt anew accession of dignity, for I observed tho tone was respectful, as if I had been quoted us a ' bncholor eff nils,' or ns n professor ofHcionce. No second liddlo dubbing, us Mrs; Joints Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complacent look as I passed on. Another group came down tho avenue. One of tho young ladies I recognised as a daughter of nn old acquaintance The air was clour, and after I hud bowed nnd walked slowly on, those words saluted my ear, — ' 0 Alny I You should set yourcupfor Mr. Scribbler I' ' .'May nnd December I That would be like the story I read lately,' was tho roply in silvery tones, that sounded very' ploiwaiit, and sonta flutter through even my old veins as I listened, hoping to hear moro plcacanli ie« at my oxponso of us onuourugiug u character, especially as I hud noted that the faco nnd sunny manlier of the person addressed was like ono I could wish to possess us a — daughter. But tho next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. ' You know ho might not live long, nnd thon you would bo a rich, jolly widow, with plenty of admirers, and — ' Jl/Mcrei'e/ 1 thought my plodding neigh bour across the stroot, who wns only Mrs. Blank's husband, could bo hardly the victim of such n dark conspiracy. In this mood of suddon humility 1 encountered an old frioud, heavily laden with parcels, who was nofe only somebody's husband, but an old-time rival. My greeting partook of the nature of con grutulntion, und was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to cull at my bachelor quarters, lie assured mo — making a suddon dive toward a dry goods store— khnb if he got his errands dutio in timo he would como. Errnndu 1 Bless my sold 1 1 Where is the burdened benedict going to s'ow away tho rest of bin 'errands' — and whnt miide him look us if haunted by some irate fury ns he edged oil' hurriedly to buy cnlico, tin end, a paper of pins, pcrhnps, or a yard of ribbon, or some other foniinine possessions thnt old bachelors are nob supposed to realise the need of? On my homeward journey, thinking and moralising on tho two opposite slates of mueculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh bolls, that announced somo passing young couples looking oomfortable nnd— jolly, 1 should have once snid, but thnt term hud been turned into n grim jolto so recently that it sont a shiver through me— elderly couples tucked up snugly, and talking com fortably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. So contradictory «ro nil general applications? to social states that I gnvo it up us too far boyond mo to solve tho problem 'To bo or not to bo. ' The whistle of tho early evening train blew, nnd I concluded my friend hud been so long delayed with mulching that, particular shade of ribbon, or finding that identical pattern of slippers, that he hud no time to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor in his lonely lot. Ho was a sort of rival years ago, and no one could condemn mo for fooling a slight resentment on being 'cut out,' to use n common phrase. But time henls many a smait, und one turns buck, when one is old, uncommonly kindly to tho friends of youth. As I said, tho night como down dark nnd gloomy, and I foil to musing* somowhat dis mally on a state that I folt in duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover- -thinking the lowering night would exonipt mo from intrusion — wusengaged in the very womanish tusk of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my leurning thai, accomplishment, lest I should need to know how ; I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing this whon I was 10 ye:u\s younger, but now my fingers hud grown clumsy, and the noodle would go into' tho wron' place— us often into my fingors as into the edgo of the chasm I was trying to briilgo over with yarn. It is astonishing how a porson who has kept a strict guard ovor his tongue will suddenly remomber all tho ' swear words ' he over knew upon 'such a provocation. I had just come to the last fissuro in those hoson when I saw my friend's figure puss the window. I heard his stop at the door, and hastily thrusting tho dnrniiig-ncodlo into tho nonrly spent bull, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly .spread a clean red handkerchief over all, as I folt rathor nshnmod ta bo found mending stockings by this ninn of all othors, who had u wifo to kcop him neat. This lliougiit put mo on tho defensive at onco, for I said to myself : ' ' Yo are spies ! To soo the nakodness of tho land are yo como.' Without compromising truth, I shall externally, provo the tranquil joy of the colibnte.' My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at. ease, and after looking into tho dark cornors sninowhat npprohonsivoly, drew up a splinb bottomed chair to tho liropluco, nnd soon grew sooinblo undor tho cheering inlluenco of tho ruddy blazo, boforo which tho and irons posod, like goutincls, blncV and grim, evidently staring at tho intruder. Aftor wo had talked a while on many topics his face grow long and soloinn, nnd drawing his hand elowly ovor his half-gray whiskers, ho remarked sagoly : ? ' This mu*t bo n mighty hard lifo for you to lend, Rube, hero all alone ; I pity you from I ho bottom of my hourt, I do I Doii'b you got lonely ? ' ? ' Occasionally,' 1 replied. ' When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on tho firo, nnd tho sputtering and snapping that breaks the silence sodm.s to fill tho room with the ghosts of a quilling bee or a sowing sooioty,' Joshua turned up Iiih eyes rather sus piciously, looking for some signs of irony in my face, and continued pntronlsiniily: — ' Now if you had a wifo, llubo, slib would have polished those andirons so you could soo your faco in 'oin.' ' I havo a good looking-glass,' I said, 'nnd beside, I novel1 fluttered myself on boiiitr worth looking at.' ''Ihoro's n woman ovor in our neighbour hood that would mnko you a capital wife,' ho remarke.l, 'She is good looking, smart *s «. alyvl trap, mid olov^- beyde, i'uj interested in yju, roally, and would liko to see you comfortably sottlod in your declining yours. Supposo you oomo over ti nil- place, some timo, and get acquainted V' 'lam 'not sure I nood a wife,' I said eluctautly, not being willing to confess thnt Ids lust words hud fiulon like oil on troubled sens. 'I am woll enough as lam.' My apparent reluotunco to accept his sor vices as match-maltor aroused in him the slumbering firo of oratory j long subdued — rumour had whispered — by the sharp and overwhelming logio of his bettor half, Belinda. ' Think what it would' be,' finid he, ' to have somo ono to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in tho village choir when I was young), to sootho your euros with loving words and Ron llo smiles ; to bestow titles of tonderoBt ondour-' nient upon you ; to bo a ministering angol in siokness ; somo kindred soul to be enshrined in your hqurt forovor, to bo incorporated irrevocably in your existonco, to waken 'sublimest harmony in your sou) ; to cook your victuals; scrub tho floors, and do your washing and mending beside ; to look aftor thu fowls, and — — ' But whatever olse Joshua might, have said was lost to me thon. Ho hud, as it woro, tukon me by blow stages to tho meeting liouso stcoplo, and then dropped me from thence, in a twinkling, into a wusli-tub and a poultry-yard and kettles- and frying puns. Of course the shook and the full was too much for ono of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was tho way his oloquonce always onded at tho dobating society whon ho was young. Ho would soar, and sour, and Hour, till ho reached the ' top of fathor's wood pile.' .1 saw he waa making ono more frnntic cflbrt, entiournirod by my weak silonce, to convert mo to his matrimonial creed. I know it would bo perilous to his purposo to inter rupt the current of his ideas, and still listened in silence, wondering, a little (cepticnlly, why ho looked so careworn and ill nt eusu, in such a felicitous state of exist ence. ' And— -mid whonover you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary and worn with fatigue, to bo wel comed home again with caressing words and a loving embrace. He mopped tho perspiration from his brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into t,h« rocking-chair, towards which ho hud boon gyrating in his oxoitemont. He dropped into (ho chair with tho air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, nnd loaned heavily back, while I remarked that ' 1 was glad to hem- that ho und Belinda lived so hariiionioubly and happily togothor.' Whntovor olso I would have snid wns cut short by his suddenly tlrnngo conduct as he sprung up from the chair and executed a dance that was something botweon a waltz and it breakdown, and not. oxnetly either. ' Why those antics, my friend ?' I asked innocently, rufiaining from gnsting except on his fu.ee, which was contorted and twisted with a suocossion of grimnces marvellous to behold. 'It is indeed n fitting illustration of your felicity when you are impelled to leap for joy.' 'Hung it nil,' he said, '! Can't you see what a fix I um in ?' And ho reached his hand around to his spine und gave another lorrili': shriek. ' JCxouso my abstraction,' I snid, slowly rising to investigate the causo of his fright. ' I was thinking of Belinda ' Tho cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to tho small of his back, were all tho contents of that chair, excopt the cushion. ' Confound Belinda !' ho exclaimed, stung to madness by jonlousy and the darning needle. ' I can stand hor sharp tongue from morning bill night — I've got seasoned to it — but I'll bo darned if 1 can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow.' ' I'll try to extricate yoii ; 1 undorstand now. Your littlo pun respecting my darn ing needle here made mo think you were mildly swearing,' I remarked. ' Steady now I' And with n vigorous olTort the darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and slocking wore ut once removed, und I con fessed to myself with nn inward chuckle that it was cortuinly not a very beautifying addition to n frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment ho had unwittingly nfl'ected — entirely done for. Ho hud in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at tho .stockings, seizing on them ns a subject for his next remark. 'Did you do that, Reuben?' he asked. ' I never seo ono darned so well. Alter nil, you are nbl'i to ' pnddle your own canoe' yob. Guess I must bo going. ' ' Don't hasten, Joshua— you were telling mo what Belinda would say when you return ; I inn getting deaf; I don't always catch everything.' ' No 1 wasn't, ncithor ! And you needn't bo calling my wife by her first name to my face— but I can loll yon near enough, if you want to know ; she will sny that I wns a blu.storing old idiot to miss that train and got bolatod home, and I guess 1 was, too.' ' I beg your pardon, friend Joshua,' I apologised. 'I am somowhat blunderwiir myflolf, nnd I reckon I'd bo twice as much so if 1 had ns many errands entrusted to my poor memory us you hu'd to-day.' He looked ns if it was mo affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, nnd corrected one of my errors by present ing u much rumpled document from his vest pocket. ' There's the items ; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither.' I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters Unit I was unable to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly oxclaimed : ' By the groat Csysar ! If I didn't forget them pins nnd hairpins ? ' He seemed in great hnsto to lenvo, but I detained him to romind him of bis mugnMii mous offer. ' Whon shnll I havo the pleasure of meet ing that amiable person ut your house? Miss CtiM'ity Smith, I think you called hor.' He looked more confused thnn ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly': 'Well, now— come to think of it, I ain't sure she'd suit you, aftor all ; and — come to think of it — sooms to mo I heard that sho thought of making a longthy visit to hor nephow out in Oregon. Perhaps you had butter wait awhile. 1 think I'll take it up wi6h Miss Chavity first. Good night, Houbon. I'm glad to leave you so com fortable.' Ho vanished, and I have not seen him since, nnd the air custlo is likely to share the sumo fate us many another. But bore, what is this my eye first lights upon us I open tho pnpor this hot midsummer day ? 'A mysterious, disappoaranco ! Our osteomed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. Tho depflt agoutis quite sure he bought n ticket for some Western city, but his family suspect ,«uicido, as ho has been melancholy of lute.' Poor Joshua ! I eun imagine that ho would bo subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't bo what she used to be, according to tho hints he lot drop reflecting on her amiability. I hardly think it would bo best to attempt to condole with her, if worst lias come to worst— and if Belinda Brown is roally a widow— poor fellow I But jierhapj she might, for old acquaint ance suko, forget hor griof sufliniontly to present me to Miss Smith. 'Charity' — Unit name, however, has had a very ploaa in' sound to my ears. But hero's another Chestnut-hill item, thnt gives tho finishing stroke to that nir castle — ' Miss Charity Smith starbod for Orogon last week.' Tho tliermnmoter was ninety in the shade whon I camo in with tho paper. I must go out and look at it again ; it must have fallen twonty dogreos certain. Whak if— J odium had gone out to Oregon liimsolf? In all England th'eroaro only sovon school boards which do nob provide for 1'elitfiouB \\-W-l'vMi?-a by the tfackei*, I. . '?' '?-??; ;-**-?. -r- — '?''- ' ??' ;'-'?? ' 