THE FREEMAN'S PHONOGRAM. .— ? -*~ — : ? BY ThK PI.ANBUB. HADEM AND AZIMj OB, TBE NEW INNOCENTS ABROAD. One of the queerest of queer verdicts ever re corded here is that which declared that the pro prietor o£ the Grosvenos Hotel was legally re sponsible for -,-8o0 vrorfch of property stolen from a lodger's bedroom. Tire property was not given over to the hotel-keeper's special charge, but simply left on the bedroom table, and the lodger did not even take the usual precaution of locking his bedroom door. Some one saw the opportunity &nd; seized it, together with the property. The lodger argued that if a sight porter had been kept, on the premises the robbtry would have been prevented. The hotel-keeper might have argued that bed a night porter seen .£50 worth o£ jewellery lying promiscuously around in an open bedroom he might have committed the robbery himself. It would have meant something like a year's wage to hims and he could have quietened his conscience by saddling all the blame on tha^ ' false thief opportunity/' o£ whom Shakes-Bacon said, Oh, Opportunity 1 tby guilt is great, Whoever plots tho sin, thou point'st the season ; 'Tis thou that ppurn'st at tight, at law, at reason. If the GroGvenor verdict is allowed to stand as a precedent the best thing all other hotel proprie tors can do ia to retire on such fortunes as they may have already msde. That the Grocsvenoi: lodger really lost his property is admitted., but the possibilities of the business, when it comes to be played by dishonest persons, are simply enor mous. For instance, when a society lady ^ith a Venua de Medici face and no brains iakea to the stage the first thing necessary for her success is the robbery from her hotel bedroom of .52000 worth of diamonds, Thia little game has been so often played that persona of a suspicious nature have been heard to express their doubts upon the mafceer, bub a thumping verdict, secured at an hotel-keeper's expense, would soon settle that', and restore confidence in the ambitious lady Thespian, in addition to giving her a reliable cash {looting, Of course the hobel=keeper could guard against this by sitting in front of the lady's door, revolver in hand, all day and all night, but this would have c. bad effect on hie bar business, and his honourable intentions might be misconstrued as well. Besides, in the case of wo or raose actresses otaying at the same hotel the landlord would have some difficulty in distributing himscl^ bo as to protect the diSerent rooms at the same time. The Sheiks will now throw a little further light on the subject. To the Sheik Musfcapha, Bagdad. Peace be to thee, and the Prophet guide us all. Thy roving brothers are somewhat unsettled just now, as you will infer from the opening talk which was heard in our social ^ooin last night. We were barely seated when our Ho3t exclaimed :?—' Gentlemen, I presume you have all noticed the verdict given in the Grosvenor case. This is a eerioua matter for all in the hotel-keeping trade, and it strikes me that I had better throw the game up at onca, after the style of the Irish snakes that ' committed suicide to save themselves from slaughter.'' The Reliable Journalist replied, ' It is merely another exemplification of the trnth of Bumble's dictum, 'The law 's a bass.' Now, here is the report of a beautiful swindle which was worked on a man of New York. Two men went up to a restaurant to dine. One was a tall man who wore a heavy ulster, by way of displaying his contempt for the Spring fashions, and perhaps concealing his lack of linen- The other was a abort, heavy set man, with a gold-hcnded Malacca cane and an eyeglas3. They took Beats at different; tables The tall man called for a inodeofc meal nnd ato quickly. The otbei- man put his cano carefnlly down through the back of hia chair and ordered c, feast that would have made oven Toby Barton sit up and stare with energy. Before fehia dinner was half through the tall man had nauntered slowly behind him, paid his bill and walked awayo The fat little man took an hour over his luxurious mea!, secured hia hafc, and began to look for his cane. It was gone. He might as well have looked for last winter's onow, or the man who saw the Kiamc Ghost. ' Fall of wrath, the fat little man then oteodo to the restaurant-proprietor's desk, and the row ho raised over the loss of his gold- headed cane froao the marrow in the pasteboard side of psizQ beef that graced Che chop window. The proprietor pleaded non-responsibility at first, but when tho furious cutitomoi? began to thunder about taking the case to the highest court in fche land he climbed down and said, 'Look here, I'm certain you have no case against me, but I went to law once and gained a verdict of «S30 at a tost of iSlSOO. Itfow, I -don't; want any more o£ that success, so I'll meet you half-way. You say you? cane was worth £1. Yery well, your dinner comes to 10s ; here is half-s-oov., and now we'll cry quits.' ' Very good/ replied the fat little man. ' I accept yous apology and your colr..tiamo0 Then he walked off, and as he turned the cornoi1 he was joined by the tall man iti the ulster, who handed him back his gold-headed cane and ia re turn closed his hand over something that had q metallic elink abouk the value of two half- csouas. Nest day a similar trick wao performed at another establishment, but on that occasion the tall taaa dined and the little man shaved the usual sola fcium.' 'Amesica is the land where smart men are properly raised,' said the person known as fche Eminent Lyre. ' Just before I leffe news came to N'York that oil had been struck out west- and oe jesting the spring it was found to yield at the rate of 600 gals, an hour. A company wa3 soon formed, shares weat up like rockets, and a chowder-headed fellow named Smith, who owned the land, pocketed! a fortune and cleared out. The oil seemed to go with him too, for although all the latest improvements in pumping were procured and tried not another liquid drop of oil was raised. One day the manager went over to the ahanty that Smith used to live in and there -he found a tremendous big oil tank, on which was scrawled ' This is the main spring of the oil well» Bo precious careful oi: its contents.' ' ' Not half bad,' said the Sporting Swell, ' but atill I think Ameria lost her smartest man when the brainy little Jay Gould went under. I've just read the story of how Gould beat Vanderbilt, and a very interesting tale it is too. This precious pair once had a great set-to over the carrying of cattle to New York. The control o£ the two rival transports waa in their hands and the carriage was lowered to 125 dollars a cartload. Vaudorbilb ran the central line and pulled doivn the rate to. 100 dollars. Gould went for a farther drop of 25 dollars, and Vanderbilf; made ifc 50 dollaia. Gould's Erie line then quoted the cartload at 25 dollare, and Vanderbilb issued an oe&ok; to bring all cattle over the central route at one dollar a cartload, thinking thia would be a complete knock-out for Gould's Erie freight traffic. 'It looked as if the little man with tho long head had been floored too, for not a bullock was being | carried on the Erie line, while the Central couldn't keep pace with its business, although more men, truckc and engines were employed. Just as Vandeicbilfc gofc apon the fence to ceow, howeves^ he discovered that, so usual in his contests with Gould, he aus corning out at the little end of the bora entirely. The moment Vanderbilt reduced hia leato to one dollar a cartload, Gould purchased every bull, bullock, cow and calf to be had west o£ Buffalo. Then he tracked them, not by his own line, but by Vanderbilt' s at the dollar rate, and he had sold enough cattle in New York to make oeverai fortunes before Vandorbilfi found out where he had been ' got at.' ' 'While our host was kicking against the law just nov?,' said fche Briefless Barrister, ' I re membered hearing of a mO3t peculiar legal puzzle known as the case of the lady and the elephent. A lady visiting the Zoo feated heraelf to rest, and although ohe had several pockets about her, still fashion compelled her to hold her parae (which contained sis sovereigns) in her hand, and thereby caused no end of breaches of the tenth command ment. By way of resting her hand the lady placed the purse on her lap, end Jumbo, while travelling round, mistook tie concern for a bun, and in the twinkling o? a feog's thumb snapped ifc up and shot it down his stomach, ' The Zoo authorities were at once appealed to, bnt they declined to be held responsible or to give any catisfectioa, beyond that of putting the four legged pursc-3natchei? on a short allowance of hay. Now the lady is about to sue the Zoological Society for her money, asad in my opinion she has a good ca?e too. The Society own the elephant, and the eleplant holds the coins.' ' Just so5'' arid our Host mournfully, ' and the plea o? con tributory negligence will be upended again.'' This talk had a depressing effect on all, and it sfcill eEQEciaes fchs mind of the troubled SHEIK ALI BEN HADEM. 