TEE USURY Of KARffii DOMIRSKi CHAPTER I. The first lime that any one in Florence heard or saw the name of Donimirfika was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of lime, de MoatrUu. A letter and card were handed Madame by a punotui jus tootman wnoawaiteo oraers nae a wax figure Madame was in her i-aioo sur rounded by a few intimes— some fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to be fascinated. After glancing at the curd Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en pav-ant, 44 Pretty name, n'est ce pas?" Then she opened the letter, which was from a dis tant and di&tinguhhed; acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sinters Ka'herine and Karina Donimirska, 41 both muricians of ibe rarest attainments, Mile. Katharine being a fine a piauist as her sister is a singer. The writer recommends them to Madame's considerate attention and presents hie cordial saluta tions,'' etc. 4,A pair of prodigies— how charming!" exolaimed tdadatne de Montrieu, after read ing the note aloud. 44 A veritable novelty for my reception next week. Who brought the letter;" she asked the footman, who was flt.ni WAltinfr_ 44 A young lady. She is in the reception room." 44 Oh— she calls at once," observed Madame. 44 Quite unconventional, but excusable, Isuu- pose, with artists. Show her to the salon." The servant withdrew and his return was awaited with some curiosity. After a few minutes 41 Mile. Donimirska" was announced, tbe portiere was drawn aside and a young girl entered alone and rather timidly. She had loftier hat and mantle in tbe ante room, which proceeding was as quaintly un conventional es the call itself. If she had done this for effect it was certainly well planned, for her appearance as she stood be fore the light and bright silk dreperies at the door was surprising — in fact, startling. Qer gown was black, her hair was black and her eyes were black. In contrast to this, the flesh of her face and hands was white ana fine as a lily. She wore her heavy hair with out curl or wave, parted io the middle and drawn loosely over the brow back to the nape of the neck, where it was held in a Grecian coiL Her gown was of tatm aud fitted to perfection, but was absolutely devoid of trimming. Mile. Donimirska advanced to wards the hostess, who aro.-e and greeted herin French, which language the gifl tpoko fluently. 44 Artists are always most welcome in our salon," Madame averred with much gracious- ness. After her visitor was Grated, and they had exchanged a few general and courteous re marks theconversation became more personal. 44 Will you appear in Florence pro fessionally?" 4 Yes, Madame, that is tbe object of our visit to Italy. My sister is still singing in Russia, but I come on in advarce to prepare the way, as it were, for her coming." These words were spoken with a pleasant entile and an air of confidence. 4 4 Thin I infer we see before us the pianiete," suggested M.de Fayette (44Lacille's husband," as be was generally designated iu the salon). 44 Yes, Monsieur," she replied, without any further comment. 44 Will your sister soon follow you?" en quired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan oi having this pair of prodigies at ner reception. 44 Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days." 44 If she in any way resembles ber sister, we shall be very happy to make her wel come," asserted the hostess cordially. Mile. Donimirska smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained 44 In that case Karina's welcome is as sured, lor we resemble each other very much. My sister aud I are twins, you know." 44 Oh, indeed, how interesting l'_!_ thcx nil exclaimed. Mme. oc Montrieu was de lighted. 44 You dear child ; and to think you are both so gifted, how charming it must be to see and hear you together." 44 Well, I don't know about th8t. Jvarina does sing wonderfully, but 1 only play." ' 4 Bnt how does Mtie. Katherine play ? May we not have an opportunity of jud/ing ?" again suggested M. de Fayette. "Certainly, if you wiBh it. What shall I play ?" was the prompt reply, and she im mediately went to the piano. 44Do you know the Rhapsody r" asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. "Yes, Madame, I know several ; which one do you wish ?" "Oh, of course I mean LifZt'e. My daughter plays it," she answered with a self-satisfied manner. 44 But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap sodies." As the Dowager seemed unable to make ber request more definite, Mme. de Fayette spoke up. 4 4 Oh, do give us Greig's spring song. It is such a favorite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his last concert fairly fling it from his fingers tike a feather." This last sentence was addressed more to the room than the pianist, and conveyed tbe impression that Mme. de Favette knew exactly how the pieoe should be rendered - But they soon forgot Plante and everything else. Mile, Donimirbka's playing was bb beautiful that ber listeners were carried away. She seemed to be describing rather than performing this idyllic song of 3pring. Faint and for away as an evening zephyr are the first tones which glide from tne right hand. They tremble and vibrate tike flutter ing leaves — a movement which continues throughout the first part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic har monies. Bnt this is only an accompani ment to the tender, bell-like melody which the left hand carries. While by no means alow in tempo, there is yet something languorous and amorous about this melody, and it is borne upoD the accom paniment like the perfume of flowers upon the breeze. The second partis more sombre — a rift ot olouds across the moon, a touch of chillncsa to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, aud the mellow brightness again bursts forth more glorious than before. The moJody is now uppermost, aud is light and fanciful as gossamer. Tbe breeze has subsided, there is only a shadowy accompaniment in the left hand and everything eeeme white and still. Tbe whole pieoe is ethereal as a vision. Soarcely had tbe lest tone-wave subsided when a short, thick-set, square-faced, finely- dressed man appeared at the portiere. " Ah 1 It is a lady ! Bravo ! Bravo ! I always applaud the ladies." This was eaid with a smile which was supposed to be gallant. 4 ' Bon jour, mesdames and ma chere hostess." He kissed Mme. de Moutrien'6 jewelled fingers, and all things indicated that he was a familiar guest of thin salon. Every one greeted him smilingly. 4 4 We hardly dared hope to see Couut d'Omar to-day, but you see, blessed ere they who expect nothing ! " exclaimed his hostess brightly. 4 But what is this I bear on entering— classical musio instead of the latest gossip ! Quite an innovation, to be sure." 44 Oh, yea — allow me to present you to to Mile. Donimireka." Mile. Donimirska bowed from her place st the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her tace when tne i-ount entered, and there came to her faoe a look of defiance. M. de Fayette observed this and thought it was caused by the Count's first flippant remark, which 60 glaringly revealed his lack of musical appre ciation. 44 Always happy to meet a musician," af firmed the Count as he acknowledged tbe in troduction. 44 Can't you give us something else, Mademoiselle, something gay and lively — a good, reusing v&iee; ? Do you play any dance music?" 41 Oli, yes, Monsieur ; I can give you a dance," and before there was time for another remark or question she turned to the iustra- malt end played a prelude of twelve weird and solemn notes like'the strokes of a bell. Then she leaned forward with more tension and began to jerk and snatch from the(piano a ragred, rattling valee theme, angular and spasmodic in character. " Le diable ! What do you call that pieoe?" asked the Count, iu an aside, of Mme. de Fayette. 44 Your exclamation is apropos," was the ready response. 44 It is the 4 Dance of Death,' by Saint Saens." Tho Count fiinntaJy decided never to start that girl on another valee. As a musical description of midnight, ghostly revelry this 41 Danoe Macabre" has probably never been eurpaseed. It presents a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts cai eriug Mound open graves. The skeleton theme is always yearning and chattering, but tbe ghost dance is gruesome and hnr ripvpr frlnw. thev j-rn nil ten hurried — the time is skoit from 12tol. Aud then you hear them shriek and scream, and ti.cy chose oach other around tbe damp ohurohyird. Katharine's fingers themselves eec-mcd to be demons racing ovor a graveyard full of white slabi and black monuments. But finally the dancers shuffle to their graves, the last belated skeleton hurries to his place and the clock strikes 1. Aside from the wonder it aroused Kethe- ri tie's playing awakened a strange interest in herself. Bnt there was little opportunity on this occasion for farther acquaintance, as she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mme. ae Montriea's hand at parting that lady said, 41 By tbe way, ina there, if you have come here profession- any u- wiu oe wen, you tauw, tur you iu meet socne of uuriufiuenti&l; people ; of course the most select of that number you have already met," and she smiled prettily towards her other guests. But next Wf dneddfty I give a large reception. You may bring your sister theu, and I will introduce you tu many of my friends.'' Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. do Montritu construed a tavor derircd into a favor cooferred. The Russian girl thanked Madura© 44 extremely," and after bowing a genera! adieu retired. 'Fiiuoy intle black thing, isn't she?" re marked the Count. CHArrm II. Mme. de Montriea's Galons looted very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception. There were the two grand salons and a small one, the moric-rootn and conservatoire, nil illuminated wiih innumer able wax e&ndlcs; end perfumed by cuuntless flowers, and Madame hen-ell looked charming in her Pam gown of pale green velvet, e its - broiucred with dainty moss roses- But iludeme was not happy It was that latt uncomfortable half hour when the rooms sre yet empty, but tbe hostess must be there ready to make welcome the unfortunate firet comer— the hour when ihe sudden "regrets" from the molt important guests are liable to arrive, and above all it is tbe hour when you are jutt weary enough to imagine all the mishaps which c:>uld mar this, your pet re ception of the season. But Madame'e un- happicet-s at present was not purely imagin ary—the ufeu&l; sudden regret had arrived. 44 Now, who Is it?" ehe exclaimed, with irritation, as she opened the envelope. "If it's the Bullish Embassy I shall be furious !" It wat not from the Embassy, but Madame was nevertheless very much annoyed. It's from that little Russian pianist — that is always the way with professionals— you never can count on them !" " What is the matter with her?" asked Mme. de Fayette, who stood before one of the mirrors readjusting for tho sixth time the diamond crescent in her hair. 44 Oh sick, of course ! They are always 4 indisposed ' at tbe last moment." 44 Bnt is tbe sister also ill 1 Did 6he arrive yesterday as expected ?" persisted Lucille. 44 Yes, the sister i« coming," Madame ro- pliea more placidly as she read the note. 44 Her name is Karina, I must not forget it. But what do I want with one of them 'i The novilty v. aa in haviog twins — twin-prodigies ! £ cau always fiudpleutyof singers. Who knows whether this Karina oven sings well, and besides there is no telling how she will appear and act — she may be riduculous !" Bat Msaame's expostulations were jatar- by tbe sound of carriage wheels out side and voices in the halls. The reception had commenced. Madame was smiling and gracious; everyone was smil ing and gracious. Tbe rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. Mme. de Montrieu was & hostess or admirable tact and quick percep tions. She could take iu at a glance the amount of conversational ability at the com mand of every group in a room. She knew how to rout or disperse the young men who happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid per- son indeed who ever left Mme. de Montrieu's salon with & consciousness of having ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out the best qualities of each person — a Greater gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour since tho first guest had arrived. The English Embassy had come iu full force ; the most distinguished per sonages were already there — even Count d'Omar, wbo was expected late, had arrived, smiling and decorated with Russian orders. As Madame was passing her cousin at one side of the room ebe murmured hastily : 44 Will you believe it, that singer tias not oome yet She is evidently planning to arrive late and make a sensation, I know something will happen to mortify me — things are going too smoothly so far." 44 Perhaps that is ehe now," replied ber cousin, and Madame went forward to meet the new arrivaL Karina Donimirska it was indeed, and Mine do Montrieu certainly experienced a sur prise, but not such as she had feared. Mile, Donimirska entered tbe room like a queen, and looked like one. There was in her bearing no trace of the timidity and lack of social experience which was observable in the eiater. But in form and feature their re. semblance was quite markod. ' I see Mme. de Montrieu is not certain whether it is I or my sister," she observed wirh an amused smile. Bnt a society woman sever reveals much surprise. 44 No. 1 think I should have known you apart, although the likeness is very striking. But, ycusee, I find it difficult to greet you as ono whom I meet for the first time. It seems as if I know you well," and Madame verified her words by clasping Kann&'s hand cordi ally. 4 Then, Maoame, I have ros60& to very th&nkial; for the resemblance I bear to Katherine." Karina bowed as gracefully ae she spoke. Mme. de Montrieu's welcome was genuine; indeed any hostess might be proud ot Donimirska us she appeared that afternoon. Her costume was superb. It was of white satin, not cream white, but a snowy, daz zling white, and this was richly embroidered with gold. But the great effect and beauty of the costume was its trimming of Russian sable, a brood band of which outlined train and also the iow-cut bodice. The dark far against her splendid white shoulders formed a btriking contrast. Her hair was dark like Katharine's, but was dressed more elabo rately, bring drawn high and held in place by a gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat coucealed by dainty gold eye glasses, wbich did not wobble or lean to one eiuo, but stood erect and firm on her well- shaped nose. She wore no jewel, executing one single pearl ring of immense 6ize. Such was the creature towards whom Mme. de Montrieu had so recently harbored un generous seutiinento. No wonder ehe was burprised and almost disconcerted at the first sight. But her manner was now gracious- ness itself. "And your sister, is she very ill? I so regret ner absence. 44 Yes, Madame, I must confess that only a severe indisposition could have induced Katherine to forego tbe privilege you have so kindly extended to us. 1 would not h&ve; left her, but she insisted on my coming.9' 44 1 am very glad of this,9' replied Madame, hcuestlv ; 44 it would have been too bad to lose both of you," \- After a few further polite inquiries about Mile. Katherine, the hostess eummoued the nearest standing cavalier aud presented him. This h&opcnod; to be Count d'Omar, who had bew observing the new beauty ever since her entrance. 14 But I believe we ueedno introduction-is it not the charming pianist whom I had the honor of hearing last week?" He felt somewhat relieved when informed of his mistake, fir in point of fact the charming pianiste' had not attracted him, whereas this gorgeous creature commanded unqualified admirfliiV.f , and it was C ratifying to learn that he n« uoi uodo any first im pressions in ordar to now pay his devoted attentions. Aud devoted he e-isinly was from tbe first moment to the lost of their intercourse. Whether Mile. D.nim'nska wae pleased with his attentions or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it is that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who w« ru apparently more desir able and suitable than the Couut. Some m&y; have wondeted, but none understood why tbe square-faced, small-eyed, more than middle-aged and dis?ipatod Count was fav- ored by such a bcautitul and brilliant woman as Karina Donimireka. When she sang all hearts were captivated. Some voices make von think of tilings grand and noble, like cathedrals and hisiorio cas- ties, others call np visions of the dainty and exquisite, like jV.welfi and flowers, but this voice made you think pre-eminently and always o: a bird. The qualify was light and aweetand high, and her art was so perfect that every note came with bewildering ease. 4,Patti might well envy you," exclaimed tbe Couut with more fervor than understand ing. As an artist, Mile Donimirska could cer tainly take the highest rank— scalss, arpeggi, stacatti and trills were all rendered with equal facility. 44 Where did you stufy ? Who was your master?" iuquirea Mme. de Montrieu, in "My father, Madame, tauaht us every thing." 4,lle must be & wonderful musician." 44JI« was, Madame, but web&ve; no father now-." There was a ring of bitterness as well as gri--i'iu hor toner9, bu>. Madame only heard tiio words. (To L;-: Co.N-.iyLTiJ.) 