PERIWINKLE. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY BT THE AUTHOR OF 'THE WILD HARRINGTONS,' CHAPTER XXX.— Continued For at church one day I saw the whilom bachelor-friend of Viscount Tracy — the Priory family, I learned afterwards, had been for some weeks absent from home — ycung Marc Gaveston, of Gaveston Priory ! I did not quit the little church that morning until the amiable old Rector himself, the congregation, the snuffy old woman who looked after the pews, and the smart c;untry damsel who played the har monium, had one and ail of them departed ; and I very nearly got locked in for nay pains. And after that Sunday morning — when fortunately I had gone to Hazel church unaccompanied by Mrs. Jesaamy — I never again ven tured, at least as Frances Deane, without the lodge gates of Red knights UDlesg I wore a veil. CHAPTER XXXr. In this manner the late summer passed away ; and early autumn, with its low-lying morning mists and its ' silent, melancholy after noons,' followed apace, till one day I received a letter from Leigh Eversleigh. In a first swift glance at the en velope I had recognised Leigh Eversleigh's handwriting ; a second was sufficient to tell me that the letter was no American one. So he had returned — was at home — he uas then in England ! What — what had he to say to me ? I walked quickly — nearly ran — until the pretty old straggling village was left far behind me and out of sight : and then, as not a soul save myself or a vehicle of any kind was at that moment visible upon the always somewhat lonely Hazel road, I raised my veil and broke the seal of my letter. It was rapidly growing dusk. The dull red sun had now almost entirely disappeared ; the group of gaunt bare trees behind which he had so sullenly gone down looked black and stark in the hazy lurid sjlow that there touched the even ing »ky. Bat it was not yet so dark that I was hindered in reading ?«v letter. The red-and-ptimrobe light from the angry west enabled uitf to decipher it from the first word to the last. . Scarcely breathing in my excite ment, I stood stock-still there upon the road- side, with the open letter held close to my wide and half fearful eyes. Kind Heaven above me, of all places upon the face of the earth, it had been written at, was dated from, an hotel — 'The Raven' — at Stonyhatnpton ! # ? * ? * * In the evening I was sitting thinking of the contents of wy letter, and very distrait. Mrs. Eversleigh leaned towards me, and said earnestly — 'Frances, at this moment you are looking so troubled, so ill, I am convinced that in some unexpected direction or other you have been greatly worried and upset. Indeed it has struck mo as being just pos sjblw — not unlikely — that you have called at the post office, when in Hazel this aiternoon, and perhaps found there a disagreeable letter awaiting you 1 Mayn't I share the trouble with you ? Mayn't I hear the bad news, dear, if there is any ? I may help you, you know.' Acting upon the impulse of the moment, I started up ; for a few seconds I hesitated, stood irresolute, nervously locking my hands to gether in a spasm of doubt and fear. Finally I dropped upea my knee* by Mrs, Eversleigh's low chair. ' Frances,' said she tenderly, lay ing her cool fragile hand upon my head, ' what is the matter ?' ? Yes — yes, you are right/ I said hoarsely. ' I have had a letter ; I found it at the post- office this after noon. It has made me wretched, intensely wretched, and yet — and yet it has, in — in another way — made me most glad and hopeful too ! I know not what to think or — or how to act. Everything just now — I mean to- night — seems so strange, so unsettled, so threaten ing. My brain for the last few hours seems to have been spinning round incessantly — burning as though it were on fire. And, alas' I cried incoherently. ' I have been so happy — so happy here at Red knights ? ' * And you will go on being happy j with U8,I fervently hope/ put in Mrs. { Eversleigh soothingly. ' Frances, you know very well how dearly I have grown to love you ; I cannot afford to lose you now 3 Have pity — do not hint as such a thing! Dear, it would be too cruel a wrench P The tears rushed straightway from my heart, and flooded my eyes to blindness. 'Oh, my own dear Mrs. Evers leigh, I know not how it will have to be 3' I said brokenly. In all likelihood I shall — I shall have to go away — away from Redknights. I foresee no help for it — matters will inevitably arrange themselves ' No, no.no — not that, Frances !' ' I fear that that will prove to be my fate. Dear Mrs. Eversleigh, there are things — circumstances in my past life which I have perhaps wrongfully kept back from you — things — circumstances concerning myself and another that — that day after day I have tried to tell you — that by rights, I fear, you — yes, both you and the Squire — should have long ago known — should have learnt from my own Hpa, But I have been a coward — a pitiable coward ! My coward ice indeed has been greater than I can make you comprehend ; for I was well aware that confession would serve only to imperil the deep happiness I have felt in being daily near you — beneath the same roof with you ; and it was too hard. And now — and now all that I have so repre'icnsibly kept back with regard to — to the past is ris ing like a ghost to bewilder and affright me ; and I ft el powerless — wholly powerless, with no particle of strength or of will, as it were, to do present battle with the conse quences of my own vacillation.' In Marion Eveisleigh'e own dear eyes tears of sorrow and of sympathy were shining now; her fragile hand?, flashing with their many jewels, were resting upon my bowed shou'ders. 'And that troublesome letter, Frances/ she whispered — ' has it then been tie cause of all this mis chief — has it made you so un settled and so unhappy dear ?' ' Yes/ I noaned. ' It has awak ened my conscience in such a man ner that there is no hushing it again into a false slumber, a Bham tranquillity. The time has at last come when the truth must be faced — and borne !' 'And yet, dear friend/ she re joined, very wistfally, ' you hinted, did you not, that you have received good news as well as bad ?' Kneeling there, I laid my head upon her breast. ' Yes, right good news, I should say/ 1 answered in a dreamy tone : * but — but at present I have heard so little of it, I am not yet sure, you see. I shall hear raoy^ I suppose, if — if I am here, by-*nd-by, when — when—: — ' I stopped, and a shiver crept over me from head to loot; ' Yes V put in Mrs. Eversleigh y softly, v ' When/ I finished, with ait effort—' when Mr. Leigh Eversleigh comes to Redinightp.' Marion Eversjeigh'3 wan face brightened with genuine pleasure. ' Is Leigh coming to us then V she exclaimed, smiling through the tears which still lingered in her eyes. ' He says so/ I breathed — 'And when, Frances — when ?' ' He says/ I faltered in reply lest she should ask for Leigh's letter, ' he says he may come on anyday-r$ at any hoar ; he may be here to morrow, the next day, perhaps the* day after. But, at all events, he will arrive as soon as — as soon as circumstances will permit him to travel down to Buckinghamshire.' In my then strained state of \ feverish hope and apprehension, of nervous dread and uucertaintly as to the immediate future, I felt that I could endure no further con versation that night ; even though myparticipant in it were my revered Mre. Eversleig!). I stumbled to my feet, hent over her and kissed her, saying hurriedly.almost piteously — ? Let me go now, will you ? I want to be alone — to think — to sleep if it be possible. I am utterly weary, as it is, with much thought and anxiety. I shall be far better alone, shut up in my own room.' She returned my caress as affectionately as she was wont to d» when we parted trom each other for the night. ' I have not the least doubt/ she said tender! v, 'that with daylight to-morrow things — difficulties — will appear altogether different — will show themselves in a much brighter in a far less gloomy aspect ? ' ?To-morrow/ I interrupted ' drearily, 'I will tell you all ; ta night I cannot — I cannot. I will keep nothing back to-morrow !' As I kissed the beloved brow once more, a swift sab shook my speech. With blind and hurried steps I left the white drawing room, and went up to my own chamber upon the second ffoor. The lamps in the warm and silent corridors flick e «d slightly in the draught — the wnl was rushing; neir Radnights f.om the north west. The window of my room hadr been, carelessly closed; and, as I opeued the door of it, a cold gust came upon the threshold and blew out the candle I carried. Then* save for the fire, which had burnt low in the grate, I was in darkness. CHAPTER XXXII. Trivial as was this mishap which checked me upon the threshold of my own room, it nevertheless in no mean degree aggravated the ner vousness and trepidation which on that night had taken such strong hold upon me and refused to be shaken off. Repressing a shudder, I gropeo- my way to the table by the fire place and found there a box o£ / matches. Fortunately there were other cndles in the room, and I quickly lighted a»l of them. Then '^ ' I fastened the window securely,, drew down the blind right over it, flung a log or two on to the dying file, and sat down by the fireside to pursue for the twentwietb. time the- disquieting letter I had received* from Ldgh Eversleigh. As — with the candles in their talt old silver candlesticks drawn close to my strained and fevered eyes — I once more read, from the first word, to the last, Leigh Eversleigh's amaz ing letter, I sighed and shivered by turns. This is how it ran — j * ' The Raven' Hotel, StonyhampttH* 25th October, 18— ' My Dear Mas. Daekwood,— First, let me say that I am writing ia. ? great haste to let you know I hate no*, f I forgotten the promise I gave to you t I , , . before I wont to America. From the I above address you will see that I am I bow in England. Barely a week ago I I landed at Liverpool ; and, as soou I «b I could make it possible, after a day I cr so unavoidably spent in town, I I journeyed hither to Stonyhampton. I Oood news — take courage — have no I fear! - 1 have been to Moor Edge, I I liave seen and bare interviewed the I wretched pair who still ocenpy that I lonely dwelling of theirs upon the back [ moorland — the brother and sister, foimon and Hannah Greedy, wilh whom [ your childhood and your early youth I were bo 6trangely passed. Again 1 I 0y. have no fear — be content 1 Both I from the man and the woman — having [ at length convinced them that neither L shonld be punished if they would con I fes6 everything and tell the plain (roth ? — I have lenrned enongh, 6een enough, I nay, more than enough, my dear Mrs. I Darkwood — to prove to the whole I y1 world that you have been most cruelly wronged. I have cot from Simon Creedy a couple of papers — each of them contains merely a few dozen I lines, but, trust me, tb^se few lines are as good as a dozen thousand — which will be the means of lifting the black clourl wholly from your past and I Tendering it as light as broad day. Belter far than all — thank heaven — these papers ] ppeak of will at once help I to restore you to tbe unhappy mother who for so many long and bitter years I lias mourned you as one for ever lost to i ber in this world ! I will not write the great good news : I will bring it myself to Bedknights ; for I am anxious that what I am now so hurriedly writing to you shall catch thi9 night's mail. I am unable positively to say on which day I shall leave this place and come couth ; it may be to-morrow, perhaps the day following, bat certainly not later. I shall travel straight to Lon don, and tben on to Bedknights. Al though I as good as say, ' Expect me at the hour you see me,' bo assured t that as speedily as I can I will be the ' bearer of my own great food news ! Even to me indeed it seems incredible — really too great and wonderful to be true, bo to will yon, I believe, nay when you come to hear it and under stand it ! My kindest love to Mrs. Eversleigh. By-lhe-by, does she yet know— does the old Squire himself yet know — that ' Fiances Deane' is a mytb, a fiction, what yon will, and that in sober truth yon are Daryl Darkwood's wife ? Yes, it is simply marvellous bow things have turned out — to what end events, catsEttophes in your life have shaped themselves ! A snpersti tious persen might, I think, be par doned for suggesting that yon were born under a magic star ! To conceive that of all men in creation you should hare unknowingly married Daryl Darkwood, and that you are now living beneath tbe roof of Bedkniphts, your husband's old home, as the friend and tbe daily companion of the old Squire's daughter, Marion Eversleigh ! No, at present I cannot realise it, try how I will ! And this reminds me. Daryl, like myself, I hear, has returned to England — has on several occasions lately been seen in the streets of London. I am very much afraid though, from wbat I have heard, that be bas not, poor fellow, made his for tune in Germany ! I do pray with all my heart that the Squire may be brought to his senses — to a right and Christian frame of mind. What is the 'i nee of, what is to be gained by carry ' ing with one to the grave nn obstinate and unforgiving heart ? I beseech you I | do what you can with the Squire for Daryl's sake, eo that his wretched, nu cerjain, his wandering and aimless life may soon now come to an end. Be lieve me, so long as the Squire and bis grandson remain estranged, unre conciled, so long will Daryl Darkwood remain the man he now is. Surely — and I fancy I must have said the same thing to you half a dozen times before at least. ..it is in the power of you, his wife — particularly as circumstances etc with you at the present time— to break np and to destroy for ever this un# bappy and unnatural state of affairs ? Good bye, until we meet at Bedknights ' Ever yonr sincere friend, ' Leigh Evbdsleigh.' For several dumb seconds I stared stupidly at the clear bold signature 1 — ' Leigh Eversleigh.' A good and I an honest-looking name it was,, thought I — a name that somehow fitted the man who bore it ; and then I mechanically folded the letter, put it back into its envelope, and thrust it down again into my pocket, where, as I sat below with Marion Eversleigh, it had been kept hidden throughout tbe evening. How long I remained sitting there up-stairs — dumb, motionless dazed — by the now comfortable fire, I have no remembrance. Doubt, hope, joy, fear, in turn or ell to gether passed through and filled my soul. A gladness vague and unutterable thrilled me one mo ment ; acutest terror and misgiving seized me the next. What was the story of my life ? Who tben was I ? Who were my kindred, my own people? Were they lowly-born or of high degree ? What now had the hidden future in store for me after nsy curiously chequered past ? * * * * Had I sobbed myself to sleep ? Perhaps — I am not certain — but I could not have slept tor long — surely not half an hour ? — for the clocks in the great still house, when I raised my head, were but striking midnight, and the fire was still glowing pleasantly, and the wax candles in their tall silver candle sticks were not yet three-parts burnt down. The wind and the rain, I fancied, had become less .boisterous; the rain, in fact, tor a, brief while had ceased, and the weird white moon was again struggling to show her self ; howbeit that sound like the sound of a troubled sea crawling inland was still heard in the toss ing trees. Wearily I rose from my chair, pressed my hands upon my eyes, and began slowly to move towards the window. What was it— the wind ? Hardly! Hark! It was an odd uncanny noise, not easy to describe — a kind of dull jarring and scratching, a clinging and bumping against tbe outer walls of the house — as if some heavy living thing, by means of tbe ivy and the iron trellis, were with difficulty climbing in the directio of my window. Paralysed I etoo in the centre of the room, my breath involuntarilv suspended, every pulse in my body almost ceasing to quiver, and my eyes in a horrified stare fixed upon the shadowy blind. The window it self was in fitful gloom, with the white and watery moon ight now full upon it outside — the huge bed. and its sombre hangings cutting off the light from the candles and the fire. The uncanny noise grew more distinct; the extraordinary scrap ing, the jarring, the quivering and straining of the ivy-stems upon the outer walls came nearer — higher — unmistakably nearer nnd higher. Merciful Heaven, were thieves, desperate wretches, breaking into Redknights? And should I— could I find neither the strength to move nor the voice to shout — be jaur dered, perhaps strangled by their dreadful ruffian hands, there where I stood carelessly ! (To be continued.) 