THE MASTER BUILDER. If it be true that all men have a part in the work of genius then is Ibsen indeed a genius, for ' all men have something to say of him. To-day among cultivated persons there is besides the eternal two, religion and sex, Henrik Ibsen—a third topic—which will cause conversation among tho laziest and most British. Anyone who thinks being introduced to his plays, thinks about them whether he will or not; anyone who does not think, resents them with an anger whoso violence is a tribute to their greatness; anyone who writes, he must write about them, or for ever after hold his peace. Yet they are neither witty nor romantic the language of them is bald and terse and—at least in translation—without cadence or charm. The action of them is among—not principalities and powers, not even a picturesque peasantry, but the bourgeoisie, tho Philistines; it is the tale of a daily life which is limited and unbeautiful, exactly what most of us wish to escape from as soon as possible. Without a word of apology or elucidation these dry bones are flung among us, and we seize on them and fight over them, and worry them as though they were indeed im perishable meat. We would do no more, and most of our fallen-creatures do far less by Shake- speare. The latest of tho Ibsen series " The Master Builder," which has been engaging British in- terest since March, propounds to us a riddle over which all may rage, for ' The Master Builder " like Hamlet may be mad. If mad, surely there is an end of controversy. However in- teresting, however dramatic, a play may be, if its hero be insane then a society which considers itself sane can have nothing further to do with his actions than as a matter of painful interest. But Ibsen has written at least three plays, of which tho motive can be understood by even the most unwilling. "The Doll's House," dealing with the subject, so attractive to some, so dis- tasteful to others of the individuality of women ; " The Enemy of Society," whom the law of love to one's neighbour is set forth with a very certain, sound , and " Ghosts," where the visitation of the father's sins upon the children is made plain beyond chance of cavil. It seems scarcely just to write down the author of these plays such a juggler, such an experimen- talist, that he would deliberately give us for our distraction the tale of a madman. There is probably a sane and serious meaning in "The Master Builder " if we have patience to search it out. Archer thinks it a study in hypnotism, Bernard Shaw would find in it another experience of tho power of the will, and it may be something that includes both these as accessory motives ; it may be a Counsel of Perfection. In this light the story may run after this fashion:—Halvard Jolness, a poor boy, is an enthusiast and a seeker after God He intends to devote all his great mental capacity to tho building of fair and worthy temples for His worship and His praise. Fortune favouring him as she favours all who take her hy force, he rises in his profession and at an early age is known as the first of ecclesiastical architects His artistic peculiarity is the height of the towers attached to his churches. It is Ins fancy that they should stretch up as far as possible into heaven ; and with much pain and grief to himself he carries out his fancy, for an invincible dizziness makes their ascent very diffi cult and dangerous for him and after the custom of the country, he is required to climb to the top on the day of completion, and hung a wreath from the crowning vane. However he manages to do it. While still young he marries a wife who owns a large old house standing in wide grounds, and the deceitfulness of riches enters into his heart. Were this ancestral house burnt down, he thinks, beautiful villas might stand on its site. There is an unlimited demand for human habitations, but churches are neces sarnly few. The two might be built simul taneously. In this dilemma he allows a perilous crack in an attic chimney to go unmended, and dreams of the accidental fire which will enlarge his professional opportunities. The fire comes, though from quite another quarter than the chimney, and without possible reproach to him tho old family mansion is utterly destroyed. So far the luck seems with him, but the destruc tum of tho home of her infancy affects the health of his wife, to whom twin boys have lately been born, and if they die ; and life is over for her, and happiness is over for him. He builds his villas, he becomes rich; he wins away the practice of his former master, and takes him and his son as clerks into his own office. Still from time to time he accepts a com- mission for a church, but with increasing distaste. His dizziness has become almost insurmountable. He feels he can no longer climb the tower which tho world has come to expect of him. Why, he begins to think should he raise temples for the worship of the God who has wrecked his domestic peace ? Rather will he de vote himself to the construction of dwellings for his fellow-man shrines for the family joy, which, since it is denied to himself he has come to consider the most desirable thing in the world. After all, the service of man, whom one has seen, is a more intelligible thing than the service of God, whom one has never seen —whom one may never see ! Just 10 years before tho moment of the play he is in commission for a church at Levanger. He resolves that it shall be his last. He goes through with it to tho end. We gather that it was a beautiful building, and its tower of unusual height. He forces himself, according to custom, to "do the impossible " to stand on the highest point and affix tho wreath. The ascent has been terrible. The crowd below, tho music, the waving flags—especially that held by an enthusiastic little girl in white—made his head reel horribly, and seemed to draw him down to earth, but at last the top is reached, and he stands out against the sky, and tells God, as though he met Him face to face, that the rest of his life will be given to the service of man only. Then he comes down, and goes to a dinner given in his honour. Afterwards when, perhaps, excited by wine, he finds himself alone with the little girl whoso waving flag had so vexed him earlier in the day, and he kisses her and plays with her, promising to come again in 10 years "like a troll " and carry her away to a Kingdom of Appelsinia, of which she shall be Princess. The 10 years pass. He is still successful—chief amoug architects. He has trained his will to a singular power over men so that they cannot oppose him. He is the admired and the envied of all. But he his further from happiness than ever. His fellow-creatures are things to be used or to be kept down and he is unscrupulous in either respect for whereas tho service of God, which he has left includes that of man for His sake, the service of man only, which he has deliberately embraced means inevitably that of one man-one self-by the exploitation of others. We under stand tout Halvard has considerable influence over women, and we find him turning it to account with a girl in his office, whom he keeps as clerk that she may keep her lover there also. For fears he this lover, the son of his old master, he is " the younger generation," and Halvard fears it is as a man must who has chosen the worse part, having known the better. They are a constant secret terror to him, those young people. With hope in their hearts, with infinite possibilities before them, with the courage and the idealisation of their youth, when they come knocking at his door, then he must make room and be forgotten. The prospect is a daily horror to him. He whose soul had had " sight of that immortal sea which brought us hither," and who had of set purpose turned from the contemplation of it to the material earth around him and had made himself chief in the temple of gods of clay—he must at all risks maintain his position and not only so, but must forcibly hinder others in whose eyes shone something of tho supernal light, and he must in the ears of the mass of men insist loudly and ceaselessly that there were no other gods than those he worshipped ! So far he had done this by sheer force of character, but he is now at a point of life when personal energy may begin to fail, and the familiar spirits in whose existence he has almost come to believe will no longer come at his call. Suppose his mind were to give way ? Sup» pose other people saw signs of it already ? "Surely I am mad '' -a common thought in the minds of self-centred highly-concentrated per- sons, whose nerves are fully strained, whose compo tiun in tho worldly race is keen and sustained. Solven was no more mad than thousands of our« selves. The human soul is always solitary , from birth to death it abides alone, but in human com- panionship, in the interchange of confidence we do not realise it. Solven was an essentially lonely man. His wife was a woeful spiritless shadow, his house childless, blighted, as it seemed to him, by his own hand, for in thought in hope, he was a destroyer, and his sons' lives had been sacrificed. His hand was against all men. Such thoughts as these—and who shall say that thoughts are not real things?—walled him in till no human interest could touch him and in so great and regretful a solitude he fancied himself mad. The younger generation knocks at his door in Hilda Wangel, grown up to womanhood in the years that have passed since tho day at Lyvanger when her waving flag tempted him back to earth, and her pretty baby face stirred his new recklessness to play the fool. He has forgotten her, but she has come to claim her Kingdom. He has been her hero all them years, the comely architect who stood against the sky and hung tho wreath upon the high church tower, who to her fancy strove and wrestled there with something unseen, and sang a song, while there was also a sound of " harps in the air." The idea is beautiful and exquisitely symbolic. Most of us have heard these " harps in the air " Genius always brings them to our spiritual sense. Tho face of the Sacred Child in the arms of the Sistine Madonna, the nobly-worded story of the " Quest of the Holy Grail," the swan-song of Lohengrin, with its lingering, melancholy, its constraining yearning tho death-song of Marguerite, with its immortal triumph the endless sweetness of tho sculptured smile of the gods of Greece all these strike for us tho harps in the air which Hilda heard when she saw the work of Solness, the architect. But now-tho reader thinks, What has she come for, knocking at his door? Is she in love with him after the common fashion ? Probably. Youth is generally in love with some one. We are at least as much animal as spirit, and moreover, our "search for tho well-beloved" begins generally with the personal and physical, if it does not end there. Hilda, too, as becomes a maid of Norway, has been fed with Viking tales in which successful rapture of tho admired one plays great part. Mrs Sohlenss, weary, withered, silly, is no wife for vigorous Halvard, and that he should carry her away mightily to her promised kingdom is of the essence of her childish dream. But that she requires of him also supreme art, and longs for tho sound of the harps in the air, is evident She says she has come to see all that he has built, and asks if he raises no more towers. No more, he tells her. People will not have them on their houses, but he has made one for himself, which the world thinks preposterous, on his new home standing close by. And will he hang tho wreath on the vane just as he did before she asks. No, he answers ; he has climbed no great height since he saw her. He cannot do the impossible. But Hilda will have him do it. She demands the impossible of him, and he, fnattere d by her faith in him, roused by her enthusiasm to something of his old ambition, seems to find in her the aspiration, the poetry, and the joy of life which he has lately so sadly missed. He talks of giving her the kingdom she wants, and of sharing it with her, if she will allow him. Hilda's state of mind becomes exceed- ingly complicated as the play goes on Genuine pity for Mrs Solness, whose overwhelming sadness is made clear in a conversation between the two women, modifies her feeling towards Halvard. She is not wholly selfish—she still wants her kingdom—but somehow it is to be mainly spiritual. It is one of the finest subtleties of the whole story that at this moment Hilda does not exactly know what she wants ! Human nature is so often like that ! Under her influence, however, he does tardy justice to his clever clerk, Radnar, also he discharges from his office the girl Kaia, with whom he had been maintaining a purely business-like flirtation, and, as a final test, he is once more to climb to a great height in the sight of all men. He is to hang the wreath on the lofty tower of his own new house. Those who know him jeer at tho idea. His weakness is a common joke—everyone knows that the man who raises cannot rise ! But, inspired by Hilda—the younger generation !—he does it. He mounts, while the crowd gaze breathless and his wretched wife averts her eyes. He fixes the garland, and for Hilda once more he seems to wrestle with unseen forces, while tho mystic harps sound in the air, and then he falls, falls—crashing through the scaffoldings—and there is an end. His failure may be read in two ways. Either that he had lost the power to soar, his wings have ing been so long unused—or that he was indeed attempting to do the impossible, in trying to reach spiritual—real—elevation through earthly and material means, for his tower was appended to no temple, but to a mansion prepared for himself. Either way, the play is an allegory of tho finest kind, and if we except tho suggestion of hypnotism—simple in its action, and realistic to excess. The pathos of poor Mrs Solness, weak- witted, bewailing the burning of tho old family silk dresses, and of her nine lovely dolls, passes comment. It is one of those extraordinarily inseeing and sorrowful touches which are possible only to a great artist. All the details of the play are vivid, especially tho brief episode between Solness and Kaia. Rag nar's grand chance, his " big bit of work " which is to start him in life, which proves to be not the building of a cathedral, as one might expect, but of a villa for a newly-married couple. It may be that the plainness, the self-restraint, the lack of decoration in the workmanship of the " Master Builder," will dull its effects on many minds. Many ears may not hear the divine harps through tho sobriety of its language and incident, but any mind may receive it that they are there to be heard, and oh tho responsibility of hearing them ! It is small wonder that there are so many who refuse to undertake it. E.D. 