STR4.Y NOTES. {By'TheTbamp.') A writer in a Melbourne paper says— ' TasmanianB mnat now have arrived at the conclusion that Ouida ia by no meana aa brilliant as fancied.' For the infor mation of the Melbourne scrib; let m her* remark that soms TaamanUus never coneidered that Ouida had the ghost of a show in the Victorian Grand National, and I think it epeaka well for Joe Powcll'a training thai Ouiia ficisbsd S3 near tb-y placed horaea aa Bhe did, for it waE c^nditio i and not pace that caused her to do co No, Ouida waa never taat ; had she been eo Joe would have annexed a fow hnrdl.i races with her in her native land. L;t tbe mare be bunted a few timea iu Victoria thia winter, and I will make a big gucas at th winner of the nut Melbourne. Hunt Club Dr. Cole haa decided to a?nd hla famona hunter Warrior over the water to compete for the Huntera' Prize at the Victorian Royal Agricultural Society'a Show, also at the Albury and Murrambidgee Shows, all of which are to be held next month. Warrior is unquestionably the bcatehow-yard jnmpcr Been in thia colony for years, and, aa is well known, haa taken innumerable prizea. War rior waa taken to Victoria laat year, but nw,tnM nnat^iv wpnl: a. hit. wmnp. nnd had tn bs scratched for bis engagements. However, he was never in better trim than at present, and a few daya ago cleared 30ft from where he rose to where he landed, over one of the Dsloraine, steeplechase fences, with hla owner in the saddle Mr Wm. Gilbert goea in charge of the borse, and will ride him wherever he jumpa. 1 wieh him a bucccbb fal trip. It ia jaet three yeara ago since Bernard ITKenna asked me into a etable in Delo raine to look at a bay gelding he bad bought a bargain on the Coast, ' Do yon think that ialLaw would be worth training,' asked Bernard. I told him that I liked the horse immensely, for be had a wetr and tear look about him that reminded me of tlu horses that we used to ride from sunrise to sunset after cattle or kangaroo, when we were boys. This horse waa Bljth, who waa then aent to Powell's etable, and the fol lowing aeaaon be won alx hurdle races out of eight starts ; and two years ago was taken to Victoria to ran for the Oaulfield Grand National Steeplechase, but meeting with an accident did not etart. However, he is ia tha um* mnf- f.hfa tmt. anrl it hrnrnrht. tn the poat fit and well, he will ran a great race for it, although the handicapper has not been over kind to him. The New Zealand bred Syr old colt pur chased by Mr J. T. Field from Mr John stone, of Upper Meander, is a good- looking horse, said to be by Fitx Hercalea from a mare named Jennie, the latter having been bred by a Mr Tolly, now rending nt St. Leonards, in thia colony. Tuia ia what I have been told, but of ooorss cannot vouch for tbe correctneas of the statBmenr. ' Young liipidlst, who ia-to be atnt to Vic toria to Detrained by Oorrigin, Is ojaeofthe beat hurdle race hone* we hive seen in thia colony tor yean, and with leas than lOat 71b will give a good account ot himself in any long distance hurdle race, that he may be .tatted tor over the watex. 'Lappy' likes distance, but don't like too muoh weight on his back.. 