MmM&®m,ismt®. DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [By Touchstone.] Herr and Madame Siebert certainly are deserving of compliment on the marked success of the production of ' Les Cloches de Corneviile,' by the Young Folks' Opera Company, under their management. For a first night I never remember to have seen in the course of a play going experience extending over twenty years an operatic characters were in competent hands, more especially so far &i; the Miser, Gobo,theBailie, Serpolette, Germaine, and Grenicheaux were concerned.The members of the chorus did their work well and the opera went with a most agreeable swing. The mount ing left nothing to be desired, the scenery of Mr Gladstone Eyre being especially notable. The scene in the apartment of the haunted chateau was wierdly impressive — an old cobwebby looking: chamber, mailed figures, rusty draperies, and a ghostly looking moonlight streaming in through the windows, was a remarkably effective set. The tableau presented when the tapestries were drawn aside and the ghosts of the departed lords o? Corneviile discovered was most striking, the chorus ' Silent heroes ' adding to the weird effect of the whole. The opera bristles with pretty music, picturesque dresses, and effective situations. The costumes were decidedly attractive,and there was a general neatness | about the dressing which was pleasing to | the eye of the spectator. Herr and Madame I Siebert must have bestowed unstinted pains I on the rehearsals, and certainly deserve to I reap a substantial reward for their trouble. I The orchestra, under the leadership of Mr j A. G-. Youngman, lent valuable assistance. J The opera will be presented on this and to-morrow evening. Feom Mr M. Stackhouse, secretary of the Academy of Music Company, I learn that dates are booked as follow : — Priddy's Electric Marvels, October 2 ; Brough and - Boucicault, October 10; 'Woods's Dramatic Company, October 16. Mr William Walker, head of the well known Walker Family of Bellriugers, last week forwarded me a copy of the Bridge water Mercury, in which were given particulars of some interesting proceedings which took place recently in connection with the affixing of a stone inscription to the front of what is known as Coleridge's cottage at Nether Stowey. In the article special mention is made of the late Mr Thomas Poole, a gentleman whom Mr Walker, who comes from those parta, re member well. Mr Poole was a great enthusiast in everything appertaining to music and art, and was greatly respected wherever his sterling qualities, were known. He was a staunch supporter of the Nether Stowey Band, one of the strongest organisations of its class in the west of England. Mr Walker, who in those days was a youngster, inspired by the example of Mr Poole, set dilligently to work to learn music and succeeded in mastering a number of instruments. He used to sing alto in the local choir, and remembers well the encouragement that ?LuouiuuiMuii xeumveu. nuui xux jtuiuc. louring the course of an address at the ceremony referred to above, Mr Ernest Hartley Coleridge, a descendant of the poefr,referred to the late Mr Poole in the following terms :— ' But not alone to Coleridge is this a dedicated spot. Over this poor thres hold, that worn plinth of Kilvelias, maiy have stepped whose shining names still hold the interest and the reverence of Englishmen. A daily guest from the first was Thomas Poole, whose 'modest worth,' fully recognised in his own place and neighbourhood, won him a name in his own lifetime, but first met with its due recognition from the pen of his great niece, Mrs Henry Sandford. No one who has read' that able and charm ing work, 'Thomas Poole and his friends.' can have railed to perceive that he has other titles to honour besides a close intimacy with poets and philosophers. It was a happy day for Coleridge when the communication was made between ' our orchard and T. Poole's garden,' and the friends could pass from the one to the ^d other, and yet the good folk of Stowey be ^fl none the wiser. And with Poole, no doub ^H sometimes came Thomas Ward, 'the,y6ung ?? mB man with the shining face,' as Coleridge ^B called him, at that time his clerk and secretary, afterwards his partner in busi ness and co-operator in good works. Stowey owes much to him in many ways, and we who have busied ourselves with Coleridge's letters owe much to him also. His daughters are here to-day, and their presence helps to link us closer to those ' dawn golden times.' ' According to the local press Priddy's Electric Marveb have been ' doing good business at the Theatre Royal, Hobart. TheWoods Dramatic Company commence a season at the Hobart Theatre Royal on October 2 with ' Hands Across the Sea.' Messrs Brough and Boucicault are still being greeted with crawded houses m Ade laide. The South Australian Register of the 16th inst. savE:— -' 'Dandy Dick,' after filling the Theatre Royal for the past four nights, was played for the last time yester day evening before another crowded house, numbers again being unable to obtain admis sion. Those present by generous applause and uproarious laughter demon this famous combination. For the fifth time during their present season the Brough Boucicault Company have staged a play that has not only ' caught' on/' but one which could have had a very long run in Adelaide. Beginning with farcical comedy, changing straight to drama full of pathetic incidents, and giving a masterly perfor mance thereof,and then again to extremely farcical COUiedv. RP.niMTlr* n aii/innacs o^t-'o-H cally and financially, and this despite admittedly dull times, Messrs Brough acd Boucicault have been appreciated at their true value in Adelaide. The secret of this success iB that here, no matter what may have happened in the past, our theatre goers now fully understand that never before have they seen such a number of plays produced by a better company or better mounted and, stage managed,' At the Sydney Criterion Mr Walter Bentley played Hamlet for three nights recently. His reading of the character (remarks the Mail) is unchanged from that previously given in Sydney, bub in the cast thera were many changes. Mrs Molyneux was the Ophelia, Miss Kate Bishop the Queen, Miss Euth Wilmot the Player Queen, each seen in the characters for the first time in Sydney. Mr C. Faberfc and Mr G-reenaway, who as the G-host and Laertes' respectively did- well, were also new to Sydney. ' The Silver King' was revived on Saturday, this being the seventh production of the play, and as has been pointed out by one critic each time with a different king. Mr Titheradge, Mr Lawrence Cautley, aud Mr George Eignold BtaDd out conspicuously as the kings ; Miss Henrietta Watson, chief of the Nellie Denvers ; that of Miss Maggie Moore, taken at half: an hour's notice, when Miss Maggie Knight (ib is believed) was suddenly taken ill, wa9 one of the most meritorious ; aud Miss Annie Mayor's (the original in Australia) also ranked high. Jaikes has also had seven representatives— poor Philip Day,Messrs W. H. Vinoeu, J .E. Greville, G-. W. Anson, and Sterling Why be being arnongsb the widely different actors 5 the palm undoubtedly must be divided between the first and fche last named. Mr Walter Bentley's Silver King is somewhat artificial ; but the play is too interesting to depend upon one character, and in the vision sceae he fairly roused the audience to enthusiasm. Mrs Molyneux in the cottage scene was most successful ; Miss Euth Wilmot made the most of her opportunity as Oliver Skinner; Mr Frank Cates was a good ' Spider,' and played in the principal scene with Olive with great vigour and effect. The part of Elijah Coombes always recalls poor Eed ?wood. Mr K. Stoneham took a different line successfully, and Mr H. A. Badger, hitherto known as an amateur hurdle-racer (New Zealand), trod the boards profes sionally and satisfactorily as the Cabman. ? The Hearb of Midlothian ' is the piece selected for the opening of Miss Eioise Juno's farewell season, beginning on Satur day, at the Theatre Eoyal. The company includes the following well known artists : ? Misses Maud Williamson, Aimee Moore, Beatrice Oxford, Julia Merton, Paget, Messrs Eichard Stewart, sen. (who returns *-n 4-\ya of arrnV T?.i nh fLvA ShfiTOftrh. Illtl.. Edwin Kelly, Eoberfc H.Vernon, Hdygarth, Eobin Ellis, T. Cannam, end others. Misa Nellie Farreu, confined to her room at Southport, where she overlooks the new Marine Park and lake, is confident of ulti mate recovery. There will be a revival of romantic and poetic drama in London during the next six months. Mr Augustin Daly will stage ^ Tennyson's 'The Foresters,' with Miss ^^^ Eehan as Maid Marian. Mr Beerbohm ^^P^-5?ree will abandon drawing-room nielo HPfv drama in favour of a mediaeval play by the FT- Only Jones. Mr George Alexander will ;, .'?' produce an Elizabethan comedy; Sir w Augustus Harri3 talks or reviving ? Jienry V. ;' and Mr Irving will next year stage Mr Comyns O&rr;'s blank-verse piece founded on an Aithurian legend. f Sir Arthur Sullivan is credited with a very pretty compliment. At Monte Carlo he came across Mr and Mrs Julian Story, ' the lady being the renowned singer, Miss Eames. She requested the composer to write something 'in her autograph album. He' scored a few bars of music, and wrote beneath it, ' To one famed for Song and Story.' The last performance but one of the opera 'I Pagliacci' at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was witnessed by an audience equal in numbers, and en thusiasm to that of the opening night. i The repetition of the opera has enabled the public to better appreciate the beau ties of a work of a character quite new to Australia. Signor Giraud was in excellent i voice, and the intensity of his portrayal of I fcbe fierce emotions of the jealous Canio secured for him the breathless attention ' and unstinted applause of the audience. Signorina Del Torre and Signor Caruson also deserved and obtained a shaie of the public favour. The beautiful and varied ballet ; brought a splendid perform * ance to a pleasing termination. On Monday ! night Mascagni's great work, ' Cavalleria Eusticana,' was produced. As the company has only been engaged for 15 wedks for the whole Australian tour, the i opportunities for hearing it are very 'limited. tht ? ~ A Vitality and colour sre restored to weak pictxd grey hair by the use of Ayer's Hair TJigor Through its cleanaing and healing inff wtlitlcs. it prevents the accumulation of dan ff and cntea all Boalp diseases, n October 5 the Parliamentary Debat Society's annual dinner will be held at jaunceston Hotel. 