OUR HOBART LETTER. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) September 22. The curator of the Museum has got him- self into trouble with the municipal authori- ties of Glamorgan. It appears that he wanted the latest thing in aboriginal remains, and these he obtained from the quiet little waterside township of Bicheno, where re- posed one of the late King Billy's aunts. No costly marble weighed down the breast of the departed, who, when she was mortal, hurled the spear and the deadly boomerang at the gay marsupial as it frolicked over the rich pastures of the East Coast. When the reaper with his sickle keen popped in, ' Wanbah ' the name of the defunct squaw, popped off ; or, to put it nautically, topped her boom, and was interred on the Bicheno Esplanade, and her name was not written in coffin nails, nor did any monumental slab disclosc the exact spot that they could be found in after a lapse of half a century. Like a raven scenting prey, the guardian of the Tasmanian Museum smelt bones, and having made a bargain with a friend who does a little in the amateur resurrectionising way, they delved away until they got hold of Wanbab's skull and a conple of her thigh bones, which now repose in a glass cue in the Museum. The Glamorgan Council are naturally concerned about the desecration of the grave, and, whilst admitting that those who live must die, do not care about two strangers coming into their di- trict and carting away the remains of one of Tasmania's early inhabitants in the same manner as they would cart away the bones of a dead horse. Mr Curator Morton is away in Adelaide at present, but when he returns he will get what the bad boy got when he teased the monkey—' a warm re ception.' Spiritualism is still rampant in the city, and eeancet arc bsing ran on a pretty exten sive scale in many homes. The other even ing a well-known Government offioial, who believed in no spirits beyond tho;e he took ia his tea, was invited to have a quiet time | in Spirit Land. He was promised a few i apparitions— a la Gawne — if he wanted ! tbem, and he was informed that he would j see an organ playing without hands. Forti- 1 fied with a couple of still whiskies, oar ! friend knocked at the door, behind which he ] was told a spirit kept watch. Noticing no one at the threshold bnta remarkably pretty damsel, who looked quite fit, aB he put it, to take a kiss and return it, he merely blushed and was sh?w& into a room which was as gloomy as a vault in appearance. After he bad sat down tor a little time a soft voice whispered—*' Wait and you will see two spirits with golden wings.' Gazing towards a stairway that formed a part of the room, the visitor saw what appeared to be a form floating in mid-air. Gazing upward he en countered a funny twinkle in the spirit** eye that be thought he recognised more especially when the organ struck np a sacred melody that caused each and every person to wiped out a good tone at a ranter's meeting. Like a child of impulse, the Government servant sprang np and wagered something, he does not seem to know what it was, that he would chase the apparation and catch it. ' Don't yon do anything of the kind,' shouted a stalwart male medium, unless yon want your eyes painted, or else go out of tbe window head first.' Comment after this Is needless. It may, however, be pleasing to spirit rappers to learn that when the uivll servant left the placc he felt a soft hand put in his, whilst a eephyr voice breathed in honeyed accents in bis ear, ' Remember Ois when yon want to do a little private spirit rapping.' They say he and 'Ois' have met since, but not at a spiritualistic teanee— ' Such is life,' There are two Elcbmonda in the field of j political iclorm at the present time, neither j of whom seems to have soand sense or prac tical sagacity. Both say they are pledged to opposa a system of policy which is sap ping the foundations of the constitution of the working man ; and— to pat it in plain, commonplece, matter-of-fact colonial— both are 'skiters ' of the highest order on all the j political questions of the day, ranging from ; dissecting a progressive land tax down to running an aerial tramway from the summit of Mount Wellington to the Fishermen's Dock. The two Bicbmonds are running two 0*ganisati0BB, the obicct cf which seems a mystery to those who compose the member- j s'uip, and wbichr Bhortly ssramed up, ! a small, disunited band, who soem specially ' created to meet in given places at given times to talk over matters that confer no substantial advantage upon them or any one else. Tha two associations have held two meetings, and the result has been that j the respective leaders are panting for cach 1 other's blood, and, after a deadly-wordy : struggle whioh took placc tbe other even* 1 ing, are at the time of writing almost pros trate. Each assured the other with argu- meats and invectives, and one who has a scheme for rumping the water np from the sheoakers' dock to Nesv Tows Creek, by means of electricity, metaphorically speak ing swept the floor with His opponent when he accused him of stealing hie pjlicy or patent. The effect of this sort of thing on the audience resulted in the ceiling of the room being starred with a varied collection oi tobacco quids, which oame warm from the mouth, and gave token of the earnest faith the hearers had in the speaker who was trying to emancipate them ftom the thralls of the educated man who was trying to hoodwink them. The two leaders are now discussing the following important measures 1. One man one vote. 2. Abolition of the property qualification in the constitution of the Legislative Council. S. Progressive tax upon land values. 1. Statutory eight hours day where practicable. 5. State bank, 6, AeaiiaauoB ui an auequaie remrn irom un alienated public estate. 7, Mines Aot, giving protection to miners, compulsory in surancc against loss or injury, by means of a tax on dividends. 8, Exclusion of colored, Asiatic, and contract, or indented labor, 9. Referendum, or submittal of measures for approval or rejection by the people. 10. State contracts to include compulsory pay ments of standard union wages, eight hours, and prohibition of sub contracting. II. Tbe fiscal policy not to be regarded as a party question. As there is no probability of their compressing their observations in a sufficient spacc to enable me to review them this week, farther reports of the fulness ot the fame they will acgulre in freeing caeh other from the charges of duplicity must bs held over until next week's letter, A controversy is at present going on between the Government and the Oity Council regarding the possession of a pieoe of waste land situate at the rear of the city abattoirs. A portion ol this land baa been reclaimed from the waters of the Derwent by a deposit of street sweepings and any other rubbish that findB its way into the Corporation dust cart. Some 12 months ago the Marine Board had their eye on re clamation, and, having obtained the Govern ment sanction to take possession, built a wooden sea wall all ronud their new domain ; but on one boisterous day when the wind blew lond and strong from the southward, and tbe billows of the Derwent frothed like yeast against the sheet-piling, a portion oi it gave way, and once more the salt waters flowed over ground that had not been msifltcned bv them fnr rain. Tn make matters worse the drains of tbe slaughter -yards were backed up by the incoming tide, and the worthy in sp'.ctor ot stock very seriously contemplated engaging & boat to ferry the stock irom the pens to dryland. The Marine Board, who were rather short ot funds, could not see their way to resume possession of the waste, and the Government, who have no money to spend on the repair of the sea wall, are quite willing to let the Corporation have it, provided they make things ss they were. The Mayor, who is cunning in bis way, says hs will not have the land until he getj a 99 years' lease of it. As soon as this document is signed, seeled, and delivered, Mr Bheu ben's authority will rxtend from the old cngiuecr-^ard bonndary out to the sca-walli which runs from the eanitary depot to the old rifle butts. ''No more shall tho flooding gaslight shine from the gilded cbaudeliur on the drooping weary barmaid after JO o'clock of an even ing,' is the latest edict iceutd by His Worship the Mayor of Hobart. ' Let them pst their golden or any other colored in braids or papers after the hoar named in my manifesto,' said His Worship to the town clerk, 'instead of dispensing ale and porter Sat to those who don't rant it.' The pnb k-.epere, that is those who can afioid to keep a fair damsel behind the bar in these times of depression, aTe storming and raving in an awful way over what tbey term a piece of paitry persecution on the part of a mm who hei strong teetotal tendencies. Letters that tell of terrible plots against the head of municipal Government, and notes, sweet delicate little ecentcd epistles hinting that the fair dispensers ct Cascade and Hen nessy's soothing syrup have now time tor Intrigues of a barmlefes oharacter, are coming into the Town Hall In aaokfals, and that official is looking qoite mournful Irom the numbsr of Skate seorata that he Is burdened with. Like goldfinches In the son, the baraaaids are jumping for joy on their perohe*, and it is alleged that many of them have offered their services free to the Friendly Sooieties1 Dispensary just to get their hands Into dispense those drugs that curs {n some eases and sicken in others. To convey adequately to the readers of this column tbe true extent «f feeling, antago nistic of oourse, offered to Mayor 0 roach's latest fad on tbe part of the oity benifaees woald be a heavy undertaking, thersfore all that one ean say is, that the driak sellers hata Mayors, hate teetotallers, and hats the spriag evening odor whioh sifter li boars. aauy ut oeer (spnaesiAR saianea pnb damsels breathe in, and like the little birds, warble their passion to those they like best. Everyone knows the harmless little picnic pastime, kneel to ths prettiest, bow to the wittiest, and kiss tbe one that yon lovs best. Who in days past and pre sent) before the spring of married life eame round, has not played the game practically 1 Recollecting ali this, please remember tne poor barmaid who bows to many, kneels to nons, and very seldom finds the first warm kiss of budlieg manhosod plartsi on her pearly connteaattes. The Pierrot Team appeared at the Theatre Koyal on Friday last in aid ol the relief rdBUursat, and were greeted by a large and fashionable andlenoe in the dress olrele and stalls. His Excellency the Governor was present, and the entertainment passed j off most sncoessiully* Scott Gatty's planta tion melodies were rendered in capital style by the double quartette constituting the team. The performers appeared in the masquerade™ ia Franco, and the entertain- : ment was a very pleasing novelty, Mr B. F, Young supplied the humorous interludes, and the local references to the ghost which has appeared to the young men who have been teeing the Nursss' Home excited much - merriment. The entertainment included selections by the Filib aster Band and the Orphens Clab orchestra, and two songs by : Mr Fltts, a powerful basso from Victoria, who sings with capital ex&ntion; and eloar eaaaclation. Bis vigorous and intelligent 1 readings of his numbers came somewhat as a revelation to his audicnce, and he was re called in each instance with a unanimous enthusiasm whioh did credit to the discern ment of the audience. We hope to hear Mr Fitts again. The favorable opinions already expressed as to the acoustic properties of the new Exhibition HaU were fnlly confirmed on Monday evening, when the shareholders were invited to be present to see the pro vrsaa that has been made in tbe erection of ths building, and hear a statement from tbe management as to the prospects of the Ex hibition. The ohoir mustered nearly 800 strong, and sang two or three part songs in really excellent style. Barnby's ' Bweet and low' is always popular, and received due recognition. 'Might and morning,' a charming pait song by Oakleigb, was heard to advantagOi the singers being well under command of the conductor, and giving full effect to the motif of tbe composition in tbe changes from minor to major; and vict c crta.. Mrs W. Lovett sang ' Tbe Better Land,' and Mr J. Hurrell took tbe tenor solo in 'Angels of Hope,' with a humming accompaniment by the choir. This is a standard choral item and it was warmly encored. Fully 3000 wero presant in the Hall, and its advantages for convey ance of sound, cither from Bpenkers or i singers, were established beyond all doubt, ] Tbe formal opening of the ball will take place next month, when Mendelssohn's ' lest Gesang' will be produced by full : choir and orchestra, together with tbe ' tlal* I lelujah Ohorns' from the 41 Messiah, ' and 1 other effective choral numbers. 