MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOH OUB OWN GOBBEBPONDENT.) For the vacancy in the South Yarn Province, caused by the lamented death of the Hon. M. Lang, M.LC., two candidates are in the field, Ur. Edward Miller is the wealthy son of the late " Money " Miller, and who appears to be more generally popular than his father ever was. Mr, P. D Phillips is a well-known solicitor of 30 years standing. Both are new to legislative work. The contest will entirely depend upon personal popularity, because there is nothing before the electors. The province is a very large one, extending from Kew to Port Melbourne, and including Hawthorn, South Yarra, St. Kilda, and South Melbourne ; and the contest will therefore be an expensive one. Both candidates have plenty of money, and perhaps the expenditure of a few hundreds of pounds will enliven things somewhat. Any excitement is better than the present B agnation, Mr. Lang's seat in the Melbourne City Council has been filled by the election (unopposed) of Mr. Malcolm Donald M'Eacharn, of Messrs M'llwraith, M'Eacharn and Co. The same gentleman is also a candidate for the merchants' and traders' seat on the Harbor Trust, also vacant by Mr. Lang's death. This latter will be a carious fight, as two other seats are vacant owing to Messrs. Loader and Siddeley retiring by < fluxionof time. Mr. S, L. Zox, M.L.A., has been given the seat on the Harbor Trust, which is in the gift of the Government This carries with it a salary of, I think, £200 a year. The genial member for East Melbourne will, I think, be welcome at the Harbor Tru«t meetings, and will perhaps give Bome life to the hitherto dry-as-dust proceedings of the Board. Mr, Zix's puns and witticisms have often been appreciated in the Assembly, and will, I fancy, do equal good at the Harbor Trust gatherings. The Trades Hall Council have decided not to give up the ghost just yet. With a view of retrieving their difficulties they have decided to circulate 60,000 handbills, having for their object the inducing of non-unionists to join the Trades Unions. This expense might be saved. Oar working classes are getting too wide awake to be caught so easily, and hundreds now in the unions would be glad to retire if they conld do so. It would be a great benefit to the Labor Party if the present Council and its affiliated societies were to collapse altogether, and to give place to properly organised working men's associations, freed from political control, but having for their obj ^ct the real benefit of the men, and inter alia providing them with a certain amount of money when they are unemployed. If snch a scheme could come into force, and the well paid agitators be got rid of, ia less tbaa three months every man conld get employment at goo'l wages. In the London Times of December 31st, a writer, reviewing thB events of Ian year, remarks that much of the depression ia the United Kingdom was due to the tyranny of the Labor Unions. We in Australia know something of this kind of thing. People who have the money to spend prefer to leave it in the banks, even at the present reduced interest, rather than rush it in building or otherwise employing the cash. Give all the working classes a free hand, and teas of thousands of pounds will be drawn from the banks and circulated, but under existing circumstances the money is earning 3 or 4 per cent, and doing no good to anyone, when it might be returning 8 or 10 per cent, and giving plenty cf work all round. The Trades Hall agitators would of course have to do what they have not done for many years, that is earn an honest living, but then everybody else would be benefited. We must at any cost get rid of the tyranny of unionism. It was an evil day when the British legislators legalioed unionism, Many who took an active part in that action have lived to deeply regret it. The pioneer unionists of Melbourne will have nothing to do with tbe Trades Hall Council, as they protested againsc tbe high-banded proceedings of that body. It iB a pity that there are not more like them. Mr. Gillies has been offered, and it is understood will accept, the position of Agent-General. The hon. gentleman, who is 63 years of age, has been in Parliament for about 31 years At first he was known as "the silent member." Mr. Gillies has held office on numerous occasions, and ia understood to have drawn more money from the Treasury than any politician in Victoria. His fiasco with the famous surplus budget some years ago ruined his career as a Minister, Mr. GillieB is perhaps one ' f the best men in the colony for Agent-General, having lived ia Victsria for nearly 40 years, and is fully ccnversant with every detail of political life. For the seat in the Eastern Suburbs the Labor Party intend to have a big try, and if three candidates should go to the poll tbey will probably succeed. Tbese triangular duels, to use the words of Midshipman Easy, returned three labor candidates at the last election, viz., Messrs. Trenwith, Bromley, and Wyllie, who would have beea at the bottom of the poll in a fair and square contest. Dr. T. N, Fitzgerald, president of the Melbourne Hospital staff, delivered an able and eloquent address to the chemical students the other evening. The learned doctor candidly confessed that in the medical profession there was no finality, and that what 10 years ago was regarded as right and proper was to day obsolete.- Dr. Fitzgerald was vtry bitter against quackery. He admitted, however, that " there was a certain measure of truth in their doctrines." He might also have said that these so- called "quacks" often effect a complete cure whea legally qualified men fail. I could give dozens of proofs of this, only I don't wish to give a number of free ads. Another thing the charges of our doctors are too great. To ask £10 or £15 a month for attendance is too much for most people to pay. If you go to a Melbourne doctor you pay a guinea for ten minutes conversation, ani for the prescription he gives yoa you pay a chemist 7s. 6d These prescriptions are usually written in some peculiar form of Latin which no one understands but a certain chemist, and he pays the doctor a commission on each one. If the prescrip'uu is arranged for any chemist to make up you will generally find that it is composed of eome simple drugs costing about 6d. The wbole system waats altering. Dr. Maloney, M. L.A., once suggested in Parliament that the Government should pay all qualified medical men £600 a year, and that ^ they should attend all pasienta free. This'would hardly be fair, unless every person was compelled to pay a certain sum ev ;ry week whether ill or not. In a medical institute to which I belong we pay If. per week, and if ill we have medical attendance and medicine free for self, wife and family. Three qualified doctors are employed, aud everything w.rks satisfactorily. Under a system of this kind Dr. Maloney'a plan would work well, but not otherwise. A hitch has occurred in the Kara Kara election which prevents the Hon. J L. Dow from being nominated. The election mast take place on the 22nd, whereas Mr. Dow cannot be qualified uutil the 24th. Mr. A. Anderson has expressed his determination to go to tbe poll, and Mr. D. M. K, Dow, the eldest son of the ex-member, will be nominated, This little family arrangement to keep the seat warm nntil Mr. Dow, sen., is able to come forward ia decidedly obj actionable, as young Mr. Dow is quite unknowa. 