AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. E Australian aborigines have a curious Vr nyth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water In Australia. They got along very comfortably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, aud they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigautic. toad which Lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to m*fce him laugh, whon the water would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This thoyTeadily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired iu a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh-raising. The first to make the essay was tbe ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against the virtues of tbe masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any -donkey bad ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did not 60 much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock . strutted up with a self-satisfied airas though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the^toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his crowing and flapping of wings had no more cffect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise^a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortions. Seeing this the eel utised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those. watching the- gigantic toad saw the muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. . Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head ? Lo? and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to tr'ckle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on bis head and tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain-side, and spreading over the country formed rivers, lakes, and -pools ; and down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in thecountry of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the family had taken, and all round about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to kuow who had died he laid down his rug and weapons at tlje foot of the tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug- from the face he found .that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, .then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise, aa though they, saw something strange. Ha turned round to eee what it was and to his terror saw the ghost of tbe deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed to address it in these terms: " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm ? " It -never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and thein returned to the tree.' When he reached his friends he told them. what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding ; and said he had a presentiment thai something bad would befall hiui before long. At the next meeting of th speared through the heart. e tribes he wai —Belgravia. 