WOMAN THE MYSTERY. A STORY OF THREE REVOLUTIONS. BY HENRY HESSIAN XV. "I shall be going away in a few days at most,' Captain Denon was saying, my time of leave is it cried ahead), and every moment may bring me orders to report my self You have known me but a short time, Miss Lemurs His voice became a. trifle husky and his manner and speech more slow "But I do hope that you have seen enough of me to give me at least hope ' Helene had been standing there, looking with her tiny foot against the loose stones in the grass, but now she looked up, and her deep blue e) es met Denon s "Why must you go away'' she said "You are Southern born You are a Louisi aman Why not resign your commission and join us' I cannot," was Denon s reply, " Any thing but that Honour and duty both forbid it " " I cannot see where honour can object to your defending ) our own country Your duty lies where you were born There are others as honourable as yourself who have resigned their commissions in the Northern army and joined our side ' He looked at her for a moment or two curiously, and then asked, " How comes it that you, Miss Lemare, who were brought up under radical and abolitionist influences, so hotly defend the cause of slavery ' " " I do not defend the cause of slavery, was her answer, "YOU know that you know that your cousin would, tomorrow, give freedom to each and every negro on his estate, if he were not sure, absolutely sure that they are happier in their present state It is not a question of silver) It is a question of every state in the Union retain ing the right granted by the constitution of governing its own fortune Come now I You know I am right Why) not throw up your captaincy and take one from your own State ' He sighed deeply " And I suppose my reward would be," he whispered She shook her head "I do not know what your reward may be It is too early to speak about that " It would be hope, at any rate, he went on "But even with that once before my eyes I could not desit the old flag I have fought under that old banner and I haveBbed m) blood under it, and while I have life, LouiBianian though I be, I will fight for it against all the we order "Against) our own flesh and blood ' she questioned He paled under the question " Against my own flesh and blood, if need be," he retorted sternly "And what is more, even at the risk of forfeiting all hope, if that has to be, of a pure which to gain I would gladly lay down my life under any circum stances not fraught with dishonour ' She held out her little white hand. "You are a man, Captain Denon, ' she said, "Although you will very likely be my enemy before many months are over our heads, let us part good friends at any rate ' As be touched her fingers with a nearly convulsive grip, the contact sent a thrill through him which for the moment allow cated his blame Had she asked him once more to desert the Stars and Stripes at that moment with her hand in his and with his blood pulsating more hotly with the touch he might, perhaps, have forgotten himself and conceded Man is but a weak animal after all under the womans electric contagion But she withdrew her hand gently after a moment and said "We had letter go back now Daddie Adams is staring at us He may imagine that we are making love to one another With that she burst out into a peal of laughter which rang through the copse like mocking chimes He seemed in no mood to leave the place, but stood there as if rooted to the spot, whilst his nervous gaze wandered over her, but dared not reach her eyes She again held out her hand, and, with a smile, said Come i 'I heir ee es met at that moment Her look fired his blood, and he pounced upon the outstretched hand, and with one grip carried it to his lips, whilst she started back in an amused amazement She had been accus mined to exhibitions of mens weakness similar to this, but none so fervent hitherto To her it was, after all, only a tribute of admiration which was her due that the man suffereing tortures of hope denied interested her, but moved her heart not one jot He turned pale beneath the bronze of his skin, that brave soldier who had looked death in the fact a dozen times without blanching His limbs were trembling "Now I have offended you Miss Leonard, he said, "anyone have the right to be harsh to me I forgot myself, but there I could not help it forgiveness Helene had turned from him, and quite by accident she looked towards the a house Both Adams and Walter were gaining in the direction of the magnolia crops " Look, Captain, she said, see what at tention we attract You have been indiscreet, and if you were to repeat the offence I should have to scold you I shall not be able to trust myself with you again if you are subject to nervous attacks of this class At that moment an unusual commotion became audible in the camp on-the other side of the copse of magnolias Shouts and hurrahs rang through the air, and a babel of sound developed into a volley) of cheers Before Helene and Denon could ask what it all meant a young lieutenant of the Louisiana -craves came running through the trees, wildly waving a newspaper " 1 he was begun . ' he cried "'I they are going it hammer and tongs at Charleston Hurrah for the bonnie blue flag It will be all up in a day or two with JOU boys,' he added, looking back at Captain Denon Whilst Helene and Denon leisurely) walked to the house the young lieutenant sped across the open space and flung rather than handed the newspaper to his commander It was a copy of the Picayune and contained the announcement that the bombardment of Port Sumter had been A The ban clogs of carnage had been loosened, and North and South stood face to face, arms in hand. The fratricidal contest had commenced, and nobody knew where or how it might and Captain Denon had taken up the paper which Adams had dropped upon the table, and had read it in silence " I shall, have to be off, Latrobe, he said very quietly, This evenings and we 'll have to take me to W ashington he looked at Hi line with a piteous gleam in his eye, but she was busy) plucking. a passion flower to pieces, and paid no heeded his gaze A "I don't want to press on, Denon, ' soul Adams, for it is a matter in which we have each of us, our own news of our duties, but I must ask the question again, Are you really going to fight against the South Are you really going to fight against your own flesh and blood ' "I can see now) out of it, replied the staunch unionist ' His light is- forced upon us We. have not sought it I am simply doing my duty to the old flag which I swore to protect, and for which our fathers have fought before us 1 wont see the dear old emblem torn into shreds and our great union split into little bits without raising it and against the attempt of bye ' ' That same afternoon he left the plantation to report himself to the Adjutant General at Vi ashington Adams accompanied him as far as New Orleans, and said goodbye to him at the depOt In the evening Helene and Adams were sitting done upon the moon lit sward, and * Veil nor or Pin loss a loss The loner Pavy," Life for His Angel The Great Pecklcs theatre Members A L resulting Lad), scarlet coming Time 5 W liirhgl-, c Adams was more silent than usual. She was reading a book, and her gaze was fixed upon that, when he gently touched her hand. " I have a question to ask you, my dear," he said with more perturbation in his voice than she had ever known him to be capable of Captain Denon-did he propose to you ? " She looked at him with an amused smile. " He did, Daddie Adams," she said, "but that is nothing new. They all do so." There was a pause, during which he looked at her so strangely that for the moment she could not fathom the meaning. " He has gone away," said Adams at last with a sigh. "But tell me he is a pleasant man and a good man-did you make a promise ?" She. laughed outright, seeing only an occasion for humour in the question which rose deep in the well springs of his heart. "I promise anything? 1?" she queried, " I never, promise anything. You warned me against that," The |jreatliec( another sign. r. "I am glad he has gone," he said very quietly. " I was afraid that perhaps, after all, you might think too much of him-" She knew not for the moment why she did it, but the spirit of devilry prompted her. "I don't think I could think too much of Captain Denon," she said, nursing her lips; " he is good-looking- ; he comes from a good family ; he is a gentleman, and he can keep a wife. He has gone away, and, in treasure, I am rather sorry he has gone." Adams bit his lip. " I beg of you," he said, " not to think further of him. Do it to please me." He took her little hand in his and pressed it, and then added with his soul in his words, " Do it to please her." She withdrew her hand, and laughed again as mockingly as when she had disconcerted Captain Denon. "Why, Daddie Adams," she said, "what is the matter? One would think you your self were in love with me I How foolish that would be You have always impressed upon me that I ought to love nobody, (There now, let us drop the subject." That night Adams lay awake on his couch' and pondered. Was it worth while, after all, to have reared this child to the estate of lovely womanhood and to have trained her for his own purposes against other men-to have taught her that love was a folly and affection unwise-to have instilled into her mind the precept that men were only created to be tool to be used by woman according to her will and wish-and then to find the weapon two-edged ? Was it worth while, after all, to have seen her beauty ripen amidst men's admiration and men's idolatry, to have steeled his nerves against the temptation, for the temptation to come at last to gnaw at his heart, and to tear his nerves with claws of iron? Was he to fall into a trap of his own digging? He lay there, looking through the open window upon the broad green sward and the dark trees beyond. The haze of the night had wrapped them with a fairy gauze, where he thought he could see alone alone with her eyes brimming with beaming love. And she smiled at him and beckoned him, and he was so happy. Intrigues and intriguers were forgotten, the schemes which struck at the foundations of thrones had passed out of his mind, and he was but an ordinary man. would he be able to efface his teaching? Would he be able to instil into that fully trained mind the thought that he had been wrong? Would he be able to induce Helene to swerve from the path which he himself had marked out for her? He lay there cluding his fate and cursing himself at one moment for being so weak, and then hoping that his weakness might lead to happiness. He had known but little of that, his life had been one of fight and turmoil and trouble, and he was going into war again. Would he come back ? He cared not. But one determination settled itself upon his mind and gave him comforting warmth. He would strive to win Helene's love. Haldane's love I Was there such a thing ? Had he not himself stamped upon it and dug up the roots as far as he could ? Aye, was such a thing as love to be found in her heart - In trying to answer that problem he fell asleep. v CHAPTER XVI. Whilst Adams lay upon his couch, ponder- ing upon the past and planning for the future, Walter paced up and down the moon- lit green sward in front of the house. The thoughts of the day had awakened a, new yearning within him. Hitherto he had been content to look upon Helene and to adore her as a monk of medieval times might have adored the figure of the Virgin to whom he prayed. He had seen men come and men go, each and all bent upon winning the hand and heart of her who was so dear to him, and he would have been happy to see her happy with another. But that evening he had for the first time rebelled against the addresses which another man paid to his goddess. Not that he would have placed an obstacle in her way, not that he would have even breathed into her ear a word of remonstrance, had she chosen to bestow her priceless love upon Denon. But Walter felt for the first time in his life that he might perhaps have a chance where others had failed. His only fear was that he would never be able to pluck up courage to approach her. He thought himself so unworthy of her. He could offer her neither a fortune nor a respected name, nothing but his pair of strong arms and his willingness to work for her till he dropped, but with her tastes and habits of luxury that would not go far. He pondered over these things, and strolled about on the sward and among the mag- holes and into the camp, where the sentinel challenged him, and awoke him from his reverie. After that he returned to the plantation, and looked up at the window, behind the curtains of which Helene slept. It seemed to him as it that window were a sacred shrine, concealing all that was dear to him in this world. After a while he returned to his room, and still lay thinking. Who was he, after all Why was he so oppressed by the shroud which had all his past '! Why should he not be able to dive into the recesses of his memory, and thence bring forth the truth about himself ? He wrestled against the bitterness, and in doing so he fatigued his mind, and he, too, fell asleep. He woke early as usual, and after a hurried breakfast ordered his negro servant to saddle his horse. He was the acting adjutant of the regiment during the temporary absence of the regular officer, and it was his duty to present the report every morning at the brigade headquarters, which were located in the St. Charles Hotel. He rode into town at a headlong gallop, and the bracing exercise revived his drooping spirits. Arrived at the hotel, he threw the reins to the negro attendant, and walked up the steps. A tall, distinguished-looking old gentleman was standing at the door of the hotel. Jil. pale face was fringed by small silver white whiskers, and his silvery white hair was combed with a scrupulous neatness. He stared at Walter for a moment, and looked at him with nearly frightened eyes. Walter, in his turn, stopped with an amused interest. "Mr Walter Glaysher" gasped the old gentleman at last, holding out a hand. I cannot be mistaken. You are Mr. Walter GlaydpA" Walter smiled. " Indeed, I am not," he said. The oltiyentleman stared all the more. " Surely I am not mistaken," he insisted. " You are mr. Walter Glaydes, Lord Morley's son. Don't km know me I am Mr. Kod bert Berinquay." " Indeed, I do not know you," said Walter pleasantly. " My name is Jack Adams, and I am the acting adjutant of the Louisiana Zouaves." With that Walter passed into the hotel, and the old gentleman stared after him, as if he lieutenant were a ghost who had risen | Tram some cavernous depth to frighten him. Walter settled his business and rode back to the camp. On a sudden a thought gripped his mind. Walter Glaydes. The name sounded familiar to him. Lord Morley's son. That 1680 sounded familiar to him. Where had he heard the name ? He was sure he had heard it before. But where, and when, and under what circumstances ? When he reached the house he went Straight to Adams. "Have you ever heard the name Walter Glasses?" he asked. "Not that I know of," was Adams's reply. " Nor that of Lord Morley " ' "I do know that name," he said. " It is that of a rich English nobleman;" "Have you ever heard of Robert Berry busy, or something like that?" Walter questioned further. "No, I do not know that name at all," Adams answered. "But why do you ask ?" " I met a gentleman at the door of the St. Charles Hotel just now," said Walter, " and he insisted that I was Mr. Walter Glaydes, Lord Morley's son. I told him he was mistaken." Adams had turned pale. "He told you your name was Walter Glaydes'!" he exclaimed. " Why-, of course, that is infinite possible. We do not know who you are. You may be Mr. Walter Glasses Jrbr all or you know. We must fathom this immediately. We will both ride into town at once-" ', In less than an hour afterwards both Adams and Walter were standing at the office window of the St. Charles Hotel. " I should like to see Mr. Robert Berlin fjuujV'lie said to the clerk. The young man ran over his books. " Robert Berinquay," he said, " Number One hundred and sixty-two. He is gone." " Gone I " exclaimed Walter. " Yes," was the clerk's answer, " he is gone, He arrived by the early train this morning, and stayed only a couple of hours." "Do you know where he is gone to?" asked Walter. " We mind our own business," was the clerk's reply-, " and we let other people mind theirs." At the time when Walter and Adams were inquiring for him at the St. Charles Hotel, Mr. Robert Berinquay was seated in the first floor room of the Hotel de Paris. His pale face was of a papery white, and a nervous twitch distorted his mouth from time to time. I am afraid," he said, in his slow, quiet voice, " I was very indiscreet this morning, but you can imagine my surprise when I saw the fellow standing before me, I who thought him dead years ago. You never reported to me that you knew all about him. That was unwise." " I would have had to make reports that would have filled books if I had wanted to inform you of everything that came under my notice," said Bernard Quayle, who was sitting opposite him "I don't think there is much harm done. He has lost all memory through his accident, and I dare say he has by this time forgotten your question and all Concerning it." "Let us hope so," retorted Berinquay. " Anything that can mar your success falls so heavily upon me. Do you think you are approaching the end of your task?" he whispered in hoarse guttural. " I think our chances are decidedly favour- able," rejoined Quayle, in the same low tone of voice. "I have a man down Blacks who will settle the business for us, and if he won't" here his eyes glittered more fere ciously "I will take it in hand myself." "Mind," whispered Berinquay then, there must he proof, absolute proof, of her death. The whole business is in the Court of Chancery now, and there must be such proof as the Court will accept before I can obtain possession of the property." He shivered as he spoke. " It is a matter of life and death to me now," he said. '" I am in the hands of men who will show me no mercy. It will mean the prison if I cannot find money to pay them, and I would at any time rather die than that. Therefore, name your own price-any sum. you like. You shall have it. Only rid me of roy millstone." Quayle drew his chair closer to the old gentleman. " You know what I have suffered for you already," he said, "and you know that I hiiiiinotllinched. I have not been grouping with you, and I don't mean to be unduly exacting now, but rich men's memories are often treacherous. I won't press you for an immediate return. I know that you are driven to the wall, but I think I ought to ask you Jora security that you will remember your bargain when I have done your work." He fetched pen, ink, and paper. Then he tore one sheet into two, and placed one of the scraps before Berinquaj-, "Will you please write from my dicta- tion ':" he said. The old gentleman seated himself at the table, and took up the pen with nervous fingers. "What am I to write?" he asked. "Not much, was the reply. "Only YOU fifty thousand pounds," and sign your name." Berinquay smiled, and did as he was asked. "That is done," he said, and was about to rise, when Quayle stopped him. '' Not yet," said Quayle. " Another one of these I think the business is worth the money." Beiinquay heaved a sigh, but sat down, biting his lips. " 'There," he said, when he had written the second document. " I hope you are satisfied now." " I will be satisfied when I get the money," was the retort. " There is one thing certain. it is only I who can make these scraps valuable. At present they are not worth more than the paper they are written on." Whilst Quayle was folding the two IOU's, and putting them into his pocket- book, the sounds of the "Marseillaise" being sung at full lung power in the bar downstairs attracted his- attention. The vocalist was evidently not a musician of high training or great natural ability, for although he had a good inkling of the melody, flats and sharps soared or dived into it at various unexpected periods. "That is Monsieur Henri," said Quayle. " That's the gentleman who will perform our task for us it I can make him do so, and I think I can. He is a former lover of their, hot-blooded and quick-tempered. Like myself, he has suffered penal servitude through her. The only thing against him is that he is neither always reliable nor always sober." The "Marseillaise" downstairs swelled into its chorus, and the " Marchons ! Marchons I" was given with a surprising vigour. "I think I will call Mr. Henri upstairs and see what he has been up to now," said Quayle. " He does not know you, therefore you need not be afraid of showing yourself." Monsieur Henri, when he came into the room, was a sight for gods and little fishes. He was dressed in the jacket, waistcoat, and waistband of the Louisiana Zouaves, but had not yet been fitted either with a cap or with the trousers belonging to that resplendcntlry uniformed battalion. Instead of these, a broad-brimmed straw hat, ornamented with a red cock's leather, sat defiantly on the back of his head, and he wore his own dust and grime soiled blue linen trousers. Monsieur Henri strutted into the room with a swagger which none of Falstaff's levies could have surpassed " What on earth-?" exclaimed Quayle, and was immediately interrupted by the newly) -fledged warrior of the South. " I finish ! " cried Monsieur Henri with an imperious wave of the hand. " I no more scrub floor. 1 not clean knife, ] go soldier. I go fight. Vive la . glare! Vive la Idierlc " Quayle stood there with legs apart and his hands in his pockets. "A nice scarecrow you look," be said. " And you think it's all going to be beer and skittles ! And do you know what you are going to fight for And whom you are going to fight?" I not know," cried Henri. "I not care. But I fight. I not scrub floor no more. 1 not eat rotten oyster." " When you are sober, my friend," said Quayle quietly, "I will talk to you. Do you know in whose regiment you are going to fight? Do you know who your colonel is?" "Oh! I know. I not care. I see her. I see Helene. Beautiful ! An" I shall be near her." "Yes, curse her," retorted Quayle. "You will be near her, near the woman who sent us both to the galleys, and when your senses come back to you, you drivelling, drunken, idiot, you cannot be so pleased that you are under the heel of the man who has already once given you a taste of his quality, and who will again it he only dreams who you really are." Monsieur Henri was elated by the fiery spirits of which he had partaken, but he was still sober enough to partly understand the danger that threatened him. He turned slightly pale under the tan of his skin, and a gulp seemed to settle in his throat and prevent speech for the space of a second or two. " I not care," he said at last as rebellious]) as before. "I not afraid, an' if 'he come across me, parsley, I kill 'im." "Go downstairs," hissed Quayle, and drink the rest of your brains away for the day. Have it all out, so that when you join the battalion to-morrow you can have your wits about you. If you must be drunk, get it over to-day to " It is a miracle, he whispered when Henri had gone down. " All goes swim- mingly. If I had asked the camp to join Adams's corps he might have refused. Now that he is already in the battalion, it will be so easy to let a stray bullet find a billet where it is least expected." 