COItiLESPODI)ENCE. rWe do not hold ourselves responsible fo r nor necessarily endorse, opinions expressed by correspondents,] CHBISTADELPHIANISM. (TO TAE -RDITO?r OF P TrR.LECORD.) SSIn,-With a zeal worthy of a better cause. Mr..M'Lellan, on behalf :of the comin mittee of the associated Churches of Christ in Victoria, has rished- into print in op. position to Chrietadelphianism in a letter to you, entitled "Christadelphians v. Churches of Christ." The provocative to this opis. tolary communication addressed to you, has arisen from the fact that lately Christa delphinanim has been busy in Traraleon, and has detached from the self-named Churches of Christ. some six or eight persons-of its erstwhile members. A grievous defection in the eyes of a body which is built upon a mutual winking at each other's differences in 'theological opinions,' and upon a verbal assent to the merely historical events in the life of Jesus Christ i a body which at first aiming at the consolidation of all Protestant sects into one, has finished up with becomtng one other of that odd farraro of isms styling itse'f Christendom, and which reckons noum bers as the criterion of right. The differences between the other neesa and itself simply being that w'?ereas they are sprinkled, it is dipped, and whereas it holds in its capacious bosom all manner of theological opinion, in Christendom each 'everal theological opinion is concreted into a distinctsect. Universal ism versus par:icularism in results, but particularism v. universalism in mode of entrance characterise the Churches of Christ from Christendom. Correcting en passant a misstatement of Mr. t'Lellan's that the Christadelphian lecturer took a letter of his to Mr. A. L. Galbraith of your town, as a text to hang a peg, (or a peg to hang a text) by aquotation from a recent letter of Mr Ga' braith's to the undersigned. "Mr Galbraith wro' c as a matterof fact yon di I not see eit her my letter to them (Churches of Chtist)or his (CIr. 3M'Lellan's) to me, only that the reason given for resignation were not considered sufficiently important to justify that step." Correcting this, we request you, MIr. Editor, to furnish Mr. 3ILellan, seeing he is de tirous of eliciting the truth, with an op. portunity for having his lack of the truth supplied, while the Christadelphian will be glad to witness to that truth, and Traralgon, if wise enough, may obtain the advantages, in having as the editor of its local paper a gentleman of a mind above the dead level'of mediocrity, and not afraid to open his columns to something besides commercial profit. In his letter Mr. M'Lellan terms the be. lief of the Christadelphiaas, as defined by himself in six points, 'As pretty a little human creed as well could hbe devised by man.' This is meant for high sari am, but it will fail of its intent before Mr. I'Lellan has got through with Christadelphianism; many. a jest, becomes an earnest truth, while it is pretty ,i.e., beautiful, itis by no meanslittleas it deals with such lofty themes asThe Deity, Jesus of Nazateth, and the Destiny-of Man. Now, In?sing over the oddity of a ' hman' creed being devisable by any other than man himself, we join issue with Mr. 31Lel lan'scontention that Christadelphian articles of belief are mere matters of theological opinion, may or may not be true-things indifferent, and of no account whether accepted or rejected, as respect man's sal va'ion ; and we present the contra, that unless a decision is taken on these very subjects, and that on the side of truth, salvation is sreltirely nnattainable. Now, imprimis, we would say that for the Churches of Christ to include 'an acceptance of the Bible as therevealed will of God,' anI ' a belief in the Christhood or Messiahship of Jesus,' as amongst fundamentals and essentials in Christian faith, as Mr. M'Lel lan says they do, is virtually to concede the whole position to Christalelphianism : for MIr. M'Lellan will surely not claim that a mere verbal, lip assent to such propositions is all that is requisite on becoming a mem ber of.the Churches of Christ. Were it so, a parrot could be got to do as much as that -it must be that an understanding, a knowing if that revealed will of God is necessary.. Heut. 1, Iv, tells us that 'God spoke by theprlophetsin multiform methods, as swell as by the Son '; 2 Tim. 3, 15-16, that Scripture is able to make wise, unto Sal vation,' and that 'all scripture is given to furnish cornpletely the man of God,' Rom. 15, 4 ' lWhatsoeer (ail) things written aforetime were written to create hope.' Now seeing that ' the whole' is equal to its parts, does it not follow that unless the Churches of Christ comprehend in detail 'the parts' of that 'whole' they profess to regard as funda mental and essential, they cannot he said to regard ' the ahole' at all. The members of the Churches of Christ have s strenuous objection to the word ' creed.' and speak of *creedal' bondage. Are we to infer that they are creedless infidels, unbelievers or agnostics And ion that case what value are their statements as to fundamentals or essentials ? They may speak of the Bible as their creed-does not this include the con tents of the Bible ; can it be said that Christadelphian articles of faith are not aceording to the Bible? Suppose they are not, of what value does Mr. M-Lellan's liberalism, as to ' theological opinions' be come ? What a sorry estimate to put upon 'theology' it it contains possible right things and possibly wrong things. Would not this be self-conferred agnoesicism, the Laze of 'I don't know.' 'not very well sure' and so forth? Similarly a rverbal assent to the Christhood or .lesiahsship of Jesus in the formula that Jesus is the Christ; is that defined sufficient by Mr. M1'Lellan, apart from a right understanding of whlat these several terms imply? Can a ' while ' defi nition be accepted, apart from a right recognition of 'the parts thereof?' Suppose Christadelphianism drafts out in logical sequence all the various parts of that revealed will, exciring nothing and adding nothing ; suppose it presents in due order all the various factors going to make up that glorious summary ' That Jesus is the Christ '-while the Ciuhets of Christ content themselves with the mere verbatl assertion as to their acceptance of ' the whole,' npirt from any deeisirt as to the comi.onent parts, which stands more in accore with coleman sense It is this emasculated, effeminate christianity -!this want of scr;ptural b'ckbone and doctrinal fibrea that detests the misnamed dogmatic infalibility, which is flung as a scofi at tie Christadelphian who ' according to that which is written, believes and there fore spetak,' 2 C.r., 4, 13; and when speak ing 'speaks es the ,rasles of God,' I Pet., 4. 11; and 'out of a foll assurance of the understanding,' Col., 2, 2; 'is tnot ever learnirt and never able to come to a know ledge of the truth,' 2 Tim.,3, 7. No I The loose asserrions of the Churches of Christ are insufficient--fornms of words, minus the power,-anl inefficient to harmonise scrip ture with scripture itselr, or to explan nine tenths uf the sacred writings. Mows and thie Prophets and thie Psalms are practically unnecessary to the Churches of Christ, so much so that their basis of faith is dis tinctly stated in the front page of one of their periodicals in 2telbourne, T]e Pioaeer, to be ' the New Testament accepted as their rle anrd ablutelr authority in all matters of faith,' the rhich paper also plesas ft,r the christianity of the sVtrw Teetantfnt. Is there no chritianity in the Otl Testament ? Is the Old Testamenat of no authority in matters of faith - Referring then to the first allirmation which S[r. M1'Lelan d'esires the Christa. delrphians to make. viz., the unity of the Diety ns against the Trinity as commonly nt.lerstoodl. The divinity of the Lord Jesus less. his pre existence. The impersonality of Holy Spirit as against the Trinitarian doctrine; the moratlity of man as ngainst immortal snnlism; conditional immortality an. againat, i.therert immortality ; and the restoration of Israel as the kingdlom of God, as against the nebulous doctrines that either the church-the heart of man-or Chrirten dom is the Kingdom of God and his Christ of the scriptures. They affirm that these declared items, being Bible doctr:nes, form ' parts of' the revealed, will of God, and are therefore, fundamental end ess-ntials of christian faith, and being so, must he be. lieved in order to salvation. Mr. M Lellan contends that they are things indifferent; whose belief either one way or other cannot affect salvation; this being so from SIr. M'Lellan's point of view, an exp!annaion is desirable asto why he deems it necessary to contend' for his .second proposition nod against the third proposition in his letter, seeing that by No. I he adlmits they are things indifferent. Would not this bring him underthe whip of 2 Tim. 2, 23. Noting the remarkable fact that in the churches of Christ we may have Trinitatians and anti-trinitarians, accepters of the doe. trine of the Eternal oonship of Christ, and deniers of his pre-existence ; acceptors of a personal Holy Ghost as well as believers in an.impersonal holy spirit-immortal soulists and men knowing themselves mortal-accep tors of the doctrine thatthe Kingdom of God of the Scriptures.is.the Nation of Israel and acceptors of the Origenie, mystical, interprec tation thereof. "WVe'claim that we are right in styling these self named Churches of Christ a hodge podge of nil manner of con tradictory.beliefs and opinions, and.mutually agreeing to differ to' avoid trouble and ccn tention for the truth, having found a m're form of words as a common bais. - We rhill be hapny, if you will' permit -debate, .toextend through a few'.issues of your paper, hut content ourselves' for the present in presenting the following general argument an to the wecssoity for recognising the unit~ of the'Diety as against all forms of idlo:it.oy-wooden, stone, or ideal : the first item of the six points in Ir. 'L'l'an's first proposition. The terrible denu:rciations of the Mosaic code upon the whole house of Israel against the recognition of any other power in the tniverse hut the One, Exol. 20, 1.6, Dent. 6, 4.14-15, Dest. 28. Trhe fierce strictures of Isaiah the prophet against the dual theory of two mutually antagonistie powers, the one for good the other for evil, as held in Iabylon and Persia, and as believed in to-day it the orthodox scheme of' God and the Devil ;' and his assertions over and overagain that thle eM poweris the source of both the phenomena of evil as well as of good. Isn. 40. 25 ;Isn. 43,10 ; 41, 6; 46, 9 i and Is,. 45, 7. The simplicity of Jesus in asserting the same truth, and referring his power for doctrine and for miracle to His Father, the one God, Mark 12, 28-34 ; Luke 18, 19; John 7, 16; Luke, 11, 20; John 12, 49-50. The eolld pitiless logic of Paul against all and every theory teaching any other than one God, Acts 17, 23-26: I Cor. 8, 4.6; I Tim. 2, 5. Are these denunciations, stric tures, this simplicity anti logic. all written for no purpose. to leave the subject a matter of perfect indifferenee 2 If the Churches of Christ think so, ,le them say throdgh Mr. M'Lellan what these scriptures were nritten for at all, and if the ncreptance'of the *hole reveanld will of God does not necessarily involve the acceptance of this particular patt, so much written of and orged upon man's attention. I shall with your consent, MIr. Editor, reserve all particular argument on this and all ather of Mr. M'Lellan's state ments tofuture letters. I am, etc.. B. F. M'GIBBOs. B.:x 336, G.P.O., MIelbourne. 