Eights RESERVED.] [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] OUR NEW SERIES. SHORT STORIES BY WELL-KNOWN AUTHORS. DR. D0B15S' AMPUTATION KNIVES BY ^R§SIE FOTHERGTLL, Author of "THE FIRST VIOLIN*," etc., Ifc was the middle of June, and tho London season wns at its height. Amongst the most briirht and fashionable ?.( !ne London houses had been for several years that of Sit Theodore aiut Lady Trevor-a houso which this particular soason had, for reasons, to be hereafter explained, not dealt cut lis hospit alities with quite sc. a. hand as of yore, fci fact, there iwd been a rumor early in the soason that perhaps the Trevors might not. conre xi[) at all-a rumor which had caused mUch disappointment to a good many persons, particularly such persons as love dancing. Rumor had not boeli altogether correct. They did WM'TS to town, but it was not; till later tUti'A usual-quite the middle of Slay-rtlut, as already said, their entertaining ! was restricted 011 account, said the Trevors I and their friends and Society in general, of Sir Theodore's health not having recovered from the frightful shock to his nervous system, and tho long and dangerous illness which six months ago had followed upon a daring and yet dastardly attest upon his life, the authors t)f which had never yet been traced-. For Sir Theodore Trevor had the fortune or misfortune to be not only an English but an Irish landlord -0110 of the better kind whose well-managed estates, liberal behavior, and careful attention to the needs of their tenants form a great stumbling block in the path of those who would fain do away with landlordism, aristocracy and property in general as things inherently vicious, , It was nearly noon 011 a brilliant .tune 1 morning ; breakfast had been over for some tims, and tho husband and wife were waiting for their horses to be brought round for their usual ride in tho Row. He was U stately looking, middle-aye.'. Mini, with a dark, rrther sev«re face, and grizzled hair. She war. Mfuiy yours his junior-a beautiful Woman, justly reuowned for her powers as a social leader. She enjoyed that society in which she shone, but the passion of her heart was her husband, and next to him their two lovely little daughters. Tlicy were looking over some letters, and discussing them as tliey waited for the horses. ' Here they are !' said Lady Trovor, start ing up as the door was opened, and the but ler came in. ' The horses ready, Farringtoii!' she asked. ' No, my lady,' replied the mnn, coming forward and handing her a visiting card ; ' it's a lady and gentleman who wisli to see Sir Theodore. They say their business is very important-that they know you don't know them, but they beg most urgently to see you.' Lady Trevor's face darkened and a look of alarmed displeasure crossed it. Since the at I tempt on her husband's life, she had suffered | nervous terrors without number, and every stranger who wished to see her or her hus band was an object of suspicion to her. As he was a busy and popular member of Par liament as well as a man of wealth and high position, it may be imagined that Lady Trevor's foars were just now seldom suffered to slumber. 'Oh, what is it? Who can they bo, Theo dore V she cried, with vexed impatience, go ing to him and showing him the card. It was in scribed : 1 Dr. and Mrs. Dobbs, Piercy Lodge, Bastonlea.' Now Bastonlea was a large, and important town in the Midlands. 'What cati they want? Dr. and Mrs. Dobbs-who want to see D>v and Mrs. Dobbs ? Perfect strangers-at this hour ! It is most intrusive and impertinent. I should send word that you are. engaged beyond all possibility of seeing them.' ' But, as it happens, I am not. I can very well spare them a few minutes. Where are they, Farrington?1 ' In the little drawing-room, sir. Both the gentleman and lady look very 'armless,' said Farrington, reassuringly, 'and so fluttered and nervous, I think they are quite afraid of you, sir, but they are very urgent about it.' 1 They had bettor come in here,' said Sir Thecdore. ' Then,' said his wife, with heroic re solution, ' I remain with you. So do not ask me to go.' ' My dear, I don't,' said her husband, smiling. ' And, Farrington,' she added, turning towards him, ' do you wait in the ante- room before the little drawing-room, and if I ring, fly here without losing a moTient. Do you understand ?' ' Yes, my lady.' In a very few minutes Farrington ushered in Dr. aud Mra. Dobbs, and having done this he closed the door behind him and departed, perhaps to the ante- room, perhajs nofc quite so far. In spite of all her nervous terrors Lyly Trevor could not feel afraid when ahe beheld Dr. and Mrs.Dobbs. Honestly and innocen^o were written in every lino of their figures ,111V countenances-' country cousin1 in every shred of their clothing. Their color wa3 high with nervousness and solemon .excitement; they were evidently very much more afraid of the fashionable lady and genthmnu than the latter need bo nf them. They were assuredly no would-be assassins-neither | agitators, Nihilists, Social Democrats, nor anything but a very old-fashioned, shy, arid nervously-excited country doctor and his wife, So much must have been patent to the meanest comprehenaiolU Sir Theodore t-ose-, ,anft ROiVi-tjo'isly ad vam'ad to meetjiiS V'fafcira. Lady Trevor remained h little to one side, awaiting the development of events. ?. 'You wished to see me?' said Sir Theo dore. ' Pray, be seated, and let me know in what way loan servo you.'. 'Most kind-very handsome indeed !' onid Dr. Dobbs, a little stout moll, with an honest, far from . hiuidsomo countenance, and he fumbled ill at case, with the brim of his hat. 1 Wo are complete strangers to you, and our visit, unintroduced and Uliappoilited, : might Tell have been Considered till iftt'ru lion;' but not, I thinly whett ybl\ have heard its objects WiJ &ci; ilofc oven know your ad dress-,' ne went on, spasmodically, ' till my wife-allow me to present Mrs. Dobbs-Sir Theodore Trevor, my dear, and-I presume I have the honor -Lady Trevor.'' By this time Lady Trevor, endowed with a keen sense of fun, had lost all apprehen sions, and was enchanted with the visitors. She bowed and smiled most graciously, came a little forward, and took a chair near the agitated Mrs. Dobbs, whose husband now proceeded : 'My wife takes in ''The Queen," the "Ladies' Newspaper"-[Lady Trevor re pressed.a smile]-and she read in the news of ihe Upper Ten Thousand that Sir Theo dore and Lady Trevor had arrived in town from Bally whishton, and had at once gone to their residence-here, you know. It gave the address.' 'Or a note to the House of Commons: would always have found me,' said Sir Theo dore, in his pleasant, deep voice-. . ' But in any case, you have foiUid ihe ill, arid--' ' Yes, t merely \y teheed to explain,' said Dr. Dobbs, 1 and now I will proceed to my busi ness. t think you will agree with me that if tlite thihg be a mere coincidence, it is 0110 of the strangest that over took place. The matter about which I called,' continued Dr. Dobbs, growing e>-er moie solemn in his ex citement, ' relates, Sir Theodore, to the das tardly attempt upon your life, of which we all .ead with such pain and horror about sis mon tlis (uro.1 . , 'Ah!' exclaimed Jjft&y; Tt'OVoi', sharply, ' have yoVi ru>ytttiW£ ;'0 toll us about that T ' I have Something to tell you,' said Dr. Dobbs, 1 something which I have only learned \vithin the last few dayr, and which ; will not lot me rest day or night till I(have told It to you. It 13 for .you ft* judge I ivhothor you will turtles n'ny use of my in fornmtictv. t Wish to ease my mind of itg prtiSClit load of responsibility, and then to j wash my hands of tho whole matter.' 1 Well said, Peter,' said Mrs. Dobbs, nod ding with portentous solemnity. At this moment the door was burst open and the whole company started, so excitod were they, one half from the tellins, the other half from the listening to the talc, A child of about eight rushed into the room, crying. ,, ' Papa and mamnis^ t!m hwKfoS are there. Be quiet, nuvA I'ei: Us see you start before Mademoiselle takes us out. ' . Ah!'ejaculated Mr?. Dobbs,with apparent irrelevance, 'thesamelittle girl-one of them, at any rate.' Close upon the child's heels followed the butler, with the official announcement that the horses were waiting. ' They must go back," said his master. ' I think we shall hardly ride this morning V he added, looking at his wife. i ' Certainly not. oettd the liorsod .JJack, ! Farringtr-, . ?Kc^ 'y.'c. en^ago'd1. P,uU iiil'ay, , Evelyn',' ilib'nanted', to tlie little girl, 'your fiitli'vV iind I are busy, and shall not "go out this morning.' Tho child pouted a little, but obeyed, looking at Mrs. Dobbs with a amilo na she went out. ' I believe, air, It was never discovered who yoUS assailants were, on that dreadful occasion,'continued Dr. Dobbs, wheU they were again alono, (... . ' Nti,' said Sjr Thetf'doTe. ' They got clear away. ^Vri'aVp'i partly because I did not pih'sue the matter very keenly, or-' 'No, yon never would pay any attention to me,' said his wife, reproachfully. 'They ought to have been tracked out and brought to justice, in the interests of humanity; as well as on account "f that particular criino.' She wiV's agitated. She always became agi tated in speaking or thinking of that dreadful event. Her husband made no reply to her except a look, but he turned again to Dr. Dobbs, and said, half-jestingly; 1 They got off, as I say. Have you come to put me on their truck?' 'That. I don't know. You will decide tliatt as I saidi 1 have coino to hiy tnlei To begin-;peUr ehil^ton ft slwtfc tiliife ago had a goVel'ntjss call Somers, I think- Norah Somers V 1 They had,' replied Sir Theodore. Lady Trevor looked started, and asked quickly, ' What about her, pray?' ' We made her acquaintance, my wife and T, about nine months ago, in the autumn, whenshe was in charge ofyour little daughters at Ashton-on-'-'ea." ' She was there with the children then yes.' ' My wife, who lias one of the kindest hearts in the world,' said Dr. Dobtjs with an affectionate glan'c'e at his tonsort, ' took a great fancy both to the little, girls and to Miss Somersi We have no children, though we are very fond of them, and we like young children and their society.' , . ' Ah !' said Lady Trevor, lboking compas sionately at Mrs. Dobtafc, while the doctor proceeded 1 And she invited Miss Somers to.come and pay us a visit the next time she had a holiday. I must say, to speak truly, that I was not as much taken with the young lady as my wife was. We even had one or two disputes abiut it; but I did not think that a visit from her could do us much harm, and ' What did you dislike in hor V asked Sir Theodore. ' It is rather difficult to say. I thought a gond deal of her sweetness was put on; that she was really thinking of other things than her duties; and that sometimes she got irri tated in trying to reconcile the two. I don't think she had a bad heart. But she was pre occupied, and once I heard her speak very sharply to one of the little girls, and threaten her with a punishment if she "was not less troublesome.' 1 Yes, yes !' interposed Lady Trevor, with a heightened color. ' 13ut what ma-Je me really suspicious about her was that one night-, when I happened to be out walking quite late on the promenade -it was 11 o'clock or after:-I was smoking my pipe, and enjoying tho mild sea breeze I almost ran into two figures who were pacing about, arm in arm, in the most confidental conversation. They were Miss Somers, who had said 'Good night' to us more than au hour sgo, because she said she was so tired that she could sit up no longer, and a man called Wil braham, a loose sort of fish, who had been giving lectures on Ireland, on Socialism and Democracy, and all kinds of wild nonsense, up and down the country, and at Ashton amongst other places. With him Miss Somers was walking.' The Doctor paused. His auditors looked as much impressed as he could have desired, and he proceeded ' Seeing that, when wo had talked about this man and his lectures before, she had ex pressed the greatest horror of him, and had told us that she had often heard him speak with hatred of Sir Theodore Trevor amongst others-this did seem to me a very strange thing,' continued Dr. Dobbs. 'I ranup against them, as I say, and I was so surprised that I did what was perhaps indiscreet. I exclaimed ' 'Miss Somers !' She made no answer, but turned her face away. Wilbrahani said, rather roughly, 'You are mistaken. Be good enough to mind you own business, will you?' After that I said no more. I went back to the hotel. But I was not mistaken.' ' Well r ' Well, Miss Soniers and her pupils left a little time before we did, but not before my wife had renewed her invitation, and Miss Somers had accepted it and promised to come as soon as she possibly could. Sure enough, quite late in the autumn, not very long be fore Christmas, she wrote to my wife, re minding her of what she called their friend ship, told her that she had left the Trevors, as they had treated her in a disgraceful svay -in the way in which only rich people could treat poor ones, whom they knew to be un able to retaliate.' 'Abominable girl 1' exclaimed Lady Trevor, indignantly. ' My dear,' observed her husband, ' we know that the girl was a false girl, and it was well wo got, rid of her. She was dismissed by Lady Trevor for exactly that which you once surprised her in,'he added, turning to ] Dr. Pf'obs,' ' because it was found thai: ahe i hail btien neglecting and intiivtidating the, | I children. We were very much shocked about i it, for had had excellent testimonials from het.lapt Sib'MlioHv At tiic same time, I ob .';Wi'Vcrl her often,and much more closely thnii she supposed I d'/J, and I agree with Dr. Dobbs. I am quite sure she was under some outside bad influence-that something was preying on her mind ; sometimes 1 thought she was being led partly against her >vill. I know nothing of that. But she neglected my daughters, and behaved harshly to them, and of course was dismissed at once.' ' Yes,'Dr. Dobbs nodded., 'Of course she did not toll us that. .She. $atd that she had been working ilar'd for 10 years', ever since she was i,5, and that she now meant to take a "rest.and a holiday. Sho thought sho had earned them. She did not intend at once to seek a new situation. She rominded my wife of her ineifcation, as sho folt that they wero true friends, and she know she should feel better and happier for being with her. My wife was delighted,' continued Dr. Dobbs, with a smile. ' I am afraid I was very un kind. I did not want Miss Somers in my house. I did not believe a word of her blar ney, and I went so far as to say ' Bosh!'' Mrs. Dobbs sighod deeply; shaking her head mournfully from side to side. The Trevors were half amused, half touched at the little by-play which went on between their visitors, who evidently felt this to be a great event in their lives. There was a moment's pause. Then Dr. Dobbs went; on: 1 You may suppose that thr.t 'Bosh!' didn't help memuch. It wasn't likely that it should. I got a proper scolding for my suspiciousness and uncharitableness- didn't I, my dear ? And of course, by rctlifii.bf poSt, MissSnmers was told to eoiiie when slit! liked, and to stay for as long as she liked. I made the best of it! There was nothing else for it. I even went to the station to meet her, one miserable, raw afternoon, at the end of November-an afternoon which I shall never forget. It was dark and cold, and a horrid sleet was blown about by a north-east wind. Yilo it was,' the doctor continued, with energy. 1 Thi (rain-the Irish mail, was late-, .atid t WAitcd and kicked illy heels nb'riUt till I was sick of the whole thing;. ? I wanted to go to my club. At last the train appeared in the distance, and at the sight of it a group of young fellows who had been waiting nearly as long as I had, set up a kind of cheer and became very noisy and excited. I asked a por'er whom I knew who and what they yero. II0 tola mo they wore frolll tlie Socialist Union, and that they had come to meet ascertain Wil'];-'-,,,,, .vvl-.o was to lecture on imeront subjects of that ninu. t whistled to myself, not because of the Socialism on the lectures, of course, but because of the coincidence.' His auditors murmured assent, ' The train was a lone one, but, as it hap pened, when it stopped, I was exactly oppo site tlio carriage from whioh Miss Soniersjot out, ol' latber, ffcm which she was handed out,' said £)r. tJobbs; with slow, impressive fetiiphiisisj ' by WjlbrrtliatH; wlio tb'ok- off- his .\iitV wished 11 or good afterhooh, and joined his friends. Almost the firbfc words she said to me were how odious it had been to her to have to travel with that man all the way from Holyhead-the most disagreeable coincidence that ever happened to her. I said very little about it, surprised though I was. I put her into a cab and drovo to my hojise With her, jvhei'e she received the Irintteeb bt Weitibttles ti'ti'm hij wife, as you may be sure. Then I went away and walked to my club, and as I went I saw the walls covered with posters to the effect f.hat Wilbra.hain was to lecture on dilfqr^t.s«ib^j«^-,^KtRl,Bn4 jabor; trades unionism social democracy, and many other tliinas. All the I asked myself, ' Is it a mere accident, or is there something behind all this? How much does she know of this man 1 How muoh is she under his influence1!' I felt uncomfortable, I must say, but I was unwilling to make my wife unhappy by tell ing her that I had an idea that her guest was an adventure3s=|-ntid j by shed ting of sus picious to wliibti I cdMd iiardly give a name. All I could do was to resolve to watch Miss Somers, and if I saw anything very fishy-I mean, suspicious-I was determined to speak to her of it, and not to my wife. But things all went on very smoothly for some time after she camB(, to Us» . She ap peare,d to be reftlly fotid cf Wife; Which clid iiiore to reconciio me to her than anything else. She was very pleasant, lncty like and agreeable in her manners, and was a very intelligent young woman too. By de grees I shook off my suspicions, and became convinced that she was undeserving of them. She often used to ask me questions about my profession. I may remark that I am not now and have not been for many years, in active practice. There ate a few partial old friends wht) liiU'e the idBa that they get hlorb gtiod ftbm h\y IreatnitUittiiah froih that of. other,, nieaical men-qiiite iiiifoiinded, qu^ejbufc gratifying. Miss. Somers often told me that she would have liked to be a doctor; she liked nursing, and she liked attending to rounds and everything counccted with surgery had an interest for her. When I looked at her in surprise, she laughed her little, gentle laugh, and said, 1 Yes, and I have nerve enough for it, Dr. Dobbs, though I look so delicate. I am considering now whether I will nob rather become a hospital nurse than a governess again.' ' Thili"s went on quite pleasantly in this way Until tifter Christmas; twhich she spent with Us. Sh'e, was rather sad at the time,and said she was alniost alone in the world. She had no one to, go to but her brother, and of him she diid.notPspeali much. Igathered that lie was a bit of a ne'er-do-well, or per haps a good deal of one. She said it was so delightful to be in a house like ours-a house where every influence was soothing and good. It all sounded very well, and I'm sure there was some truth in it. How much sho was playing the hyproerite- how far she was making fools of us, I cannot decide-pretty , well of each, I am sure. But of one thing I am certain, that sho was not happy Only one thing occurred during all this time to rouse my suspicions, and that was that one evening I was coming home from my club, and passing a lamp post quite close to my own front door, I met Wilbraham, and was more astonished than I can tell you, to see him. Hi? lectures had not succeeded at all, and I was under the impression that ho had left the town long ago. He stared at me as we passed each other, and as he stared I thought to myself, ' where have I seen some one uncommonly like you?' It quite bothered me, this likeness to which I could not give a name. But it was not meeting him that roused my suspicions-it was that running quickly up the steps and into our porch, I found the door being just opened to admit Miss Somers, who looked at mo with very startled eyes, and then, in a moment, I saw where the likeness was. It was she whom Wilbraham resembled-or else she re sembled him-anyhow, that was the likeness. I heard her almost in a dream as she said that she had been . out alone for a constitu tional after tea, my wife having a headache, and wishing to keep quiet, whereas Miss Somers had felt the need of a breath of fresh air beforo dinner. T said jokingly. 'And havo you been with your friend Wilbraham? I met him just at the gate.' 'Wilbraham?' she repeated, 'impossible. Did ho not go away long ago ? . It was either he or his ghost,' said I. 11 don't believo in ghosts,' she replied and ran upstairs. I said no more about it. I fancy Wilbraham did go away soon after that. I was persuaded that our visitor knew him and was in some way'mixed up with him, but I was not much surprised that she did not care to havo it known, for he was far from a desirable char acter. 'This next thing that happened was just before the New Year. Mrs. Dobbs always has an At Home on New Year's Eve. It is the only thing in the shape of a large party that we give, bccause wo aro not rich. On this occasion it was more important to her than usual, as she was counting upon intro ducing Miss Somers to a good many of our friends whom she had not yet met. Evory thing was arranged. Tho invitations had been accepted, when, the day before the party was to come off, Miss Sowers, after reading a letter which was un her plate at breakfast, said, in great apparent distress, 'Mrs. Dobbs, this is most unfortunato. I shall have to leave you to-day.' My poor wife was aghast. The disappointment was very severe, and she could hardly speak, but at last she said, ' To day-do you really mean to-day V 'Yes, to day,' said Miss Burners, looking- again at her lettor. ' I wish I could explain. It is business -wretched,unfortunate business-connected with my brother. 1 have told you my brother is not all ho ought to be. Tears stood in her eyes. "My wife said, ot course, in that case, and all that sort of thing, you know. But she was dreadfully disappointed. And, to cut it short, it wa3 settled in this way, that Miss Somcrs, who said she only hp.d to go as far as Chester, should Bet oil' that very morning and return the next day in time for tho At Hume. This settled matters beautifully. She said she would not mind the fatigue a bit, and would rather do anything than miss the party and disappoint my wifn, So sho went away by the Irish mail, which of course stops at Chester on its way to Holyhead, and, true to her promise, sho turn up again the next day, also by the Irish mail-the one from Holyhead-the very one she had arrived by when sho had come to visit usi $ho told us that her errand had not been a pleaBftnt olie, and 1 must say she looked very much worn out, even for an unpleasant busies*. ,She was pale, and had d<u'k ring? round her eyes.; and said sho had Hot slopfc illt well the iiiglit beforo, which I could see for myself. Nevertheless she dressed, and did something to. her face, which mado her look les« tired (Lady Trevor smiled), joined the company, and made herself very agreeable all found: I1 lie evening was ft Vety Successful one. Of CoUrse Miss Somers was very tired. She went to bod the instant our visitors had gone, and did not come down to breakfast the next morning. She was going away that day. to London, she said. She gavo us to under-: stand that unpleasantnesses were in store for her, and that her troublesome brother was going to be ,mo.rb troublesome, than before. My wife tooic heir breilkfast iifiSfcairs tb iief, and with it the news that was in'all the papers that morning, and that spoiled many a one's appetite for breakfast-the news of the attempt upon your life, sir,' said Dr. Dobbs, addressing Sir Theodore-'the fright ful news that you had been set upon by a couple of villains who were suspected to be the agents of some society against whose pro ceedings you had spoken not long b-sfore. That the criminals had got tiff, but that one at least of their weapons was found, in the shape of an amputation knife dropped by one of them as he made off-was it not so V Sir Theodore nodded. The Doctor con tinued, ' Do you happen to know' what became of that knife, Sir Theodore? Is it possible for auyone to get a sight of it V Before her husband could reply, Lady Trevor, with a vory pale face, had riser)} and with a small key which hung to her Watch chain, Unlocked a drawer in a secretaire, pushed back some slides and springs, and took something out which she brought to Dr. Dobbs. Hor teeth were set, her ltps had gone white ; she whispered rather than spoke, ' Have you seen it before 7 The doctor took the knife in his hand, and amidst a profound silence, . examined it ail overi touched fclio a'cige, looked at the back of it and at last, returning it to Lady Trevor, said, in a voice as low a? h<?r pwn, 'Mfldnm, j I have.' She Fmiled slightly, put it back in its keeping pl.ice, and sat down again, very near the Doctor, fading him, and fixing him with her eyes. ' My wife told Miss Somers of this dread ful occurrence, and she was naturally horri fied, that- did not surprise up, for she had beeti in your service, and though she said she had quarrel ed with you, It was nor.e the less dreadful to lmat of such !l .thing iii con HbctiontY:ith.,peopJo who pi, she oad known so well. She Was dressing her hair whbh iily wife ti Id her, and Mrs. Dubbs said she sud denly sat down, very pale, exclaiming ' Oh, Mrs. Dobbs, what a frightful story ! This quite unnerves me.' My wife fully under stood this, sympathised with her and petted her, and begged her to give up the idea of leaving; us that day, to take at aliy rate another riijjhl'n. i'Cat before liegihtiiiig to travel agaii>. She would liot heal' of ttti.Y thing of the kind,said she was expected in London, and must absolutely go there. She promised to write, butsaid she could give us no address* as ;lib was not sura where she would oo staying iii litiiidoil. Sh'J !sft Us that morning. For some time she did not write as sne nau pivunaou, Vv.$' I'ftfr more than three months my wife had a letter froill her dated from Liverpool, in which she said my wife was not to judge her harshly for not having written before, that she had wished to do so many a time,. but had not had,tlie ti&Uriigei; ;That she #88 & Un happy girl, lier circumstanced w&rfe; iilifefer able, not so much on account of poverty as because of other things which she could not explain. She wished Mrs. Dobbs to know that she had always appreciated her kind ness, and would never furget it. It would recur tq her mind many a time when she was Ear iw«y! ahs tt'tlf) nflfr tin thfc e.Ve ofjStai?tihg for America with ' her unhappy brotiifei-,' whom she could not make up her mind to forsake, little though she approved of his conduct in any way. She gave no address. That was the last wo heard of her directly. It was a day or two later that I read in a newspaper that Mr. H. Somers Wilbraham, lecturer, agitato^ etcetera) not flndin" his views appreciated ill Fhgland, had cmbarkdd ft)£ America, tthero he intended to reside for tiio. fiiture; rind devote bis time to the jlropa gatloh cjf hisi jjeauliar relif;ic)usj political,,and sobial doctrmes.. He iidSoinflailigd by his sister. The instant I read it I.tlioughf; 'Nornh Somers,'-' H. Somers Wilbraham,' -and the likeness between tliem flashed' in to my mind and was explained in a moment. I felt we had been duped, and that we had had to do with an adventuress-whether one who pursued her cnllinff because she liked it or because she was forccd into it. I tried to think as little as possible about it. Indeed We were much Inclined to talk about it. Last week, however, something happened which brought Up the whole thing again, which Would hot let itte rest till I told you this §tory, and which itlade me nsk yoU., Lady Trevor,, to s<3e that amputfitibn knife.' ' 4.nd tlitit was asked tiidy Xrevbr. /Jhsfcthis.. I was ready onq ruornihe £o' set.oiit into llie country, ior. a day Is angling; and was in my study collection a few things T wanted, when one of my servants came in with a note, saying a boy had brought it and was waiting for an answer. It was from Dr. Perkins, a colleague and friend of mine, and this is what he said.' The doctor took a sheet of paper from his pocket-book, and read : '1 DEAR DOBBS,-I write from the hospital in haste. Will you send me down your amputation knives ? A caso is just in which must be attended to at once, and I lent mine last week to that duffer .Jones, who is out of town, and has not returned them.-Yours ever, FRED PERKIXS.' ' Of course, I was glad to oblige my friend Perkins. I went straight to the table 011 which, along with other things, lay the case with my amputation knives. It had been there cver since I had given up active practice. I opehed it, as a matter of form, just to see that they were in order, even put out my hand to take oho up, and beheld -an empty case. The knives were gone, as utterly as if they had never been there.' Again the Doctor became silent, wiping his brow, moist from the excitement and fatigue of his unprecedentedly long discourse. Ilia hearers drew a long, deep sighj and looked intently at him, but spoke not. Presently he resumed ' At first all I felt was blank astonishment at seeing the empty hollows where .the knives used to rest. Then, of course, I began to wonder who could have taken them. I did not suspect our own servants. Tt was too unlikely that girls who had been with us for years, both of whom, and their families, we knew thoroughly, should have done such an aimless piece of mischief. Then who was the culurit 1 When had I last seen the knives 1 I remembered it all in a moment. The last time I had seen them was six months ago, when Miss Somers was visiting us, one morning when we had been talking nboatmy profession and the perfection to whichsurgicnl instruments had been brought. I showed her the knives, nnd she said 'Ugh ! what murderous-looking things!' I must say I turned sick as I thought of it. Then I re membered one thing after another-her mysterious journey to Chester (she said) and back, and her determination to leave us on the following day. Tho news of the attack upon you, with amputation knives ; her long silence, her departure from the country with her brother-God only knows if he is her broHier or not-I am convinced that the man she went with is Wilbraham. She was iu I some ivay connected with him; she was under his influence, and in communication, with him, whether she was his sister, his cousin, his sweetheart, or his wife. It is a very queer affair altogether. The only thing for nie to do was to come and tell you. I have done so and now my mind is at rest.' There was a pause. At last Sir Theodore said, ' Wilbraham was never accused of having a hand in tho business.' ' Dear Theodore, no one was accused, be cause 110 one w;i3 caught. No clue was over obtained ns to who perpetrated thai outrage. But you know that down in your heart you are aware that Wilbraham hated you. This is a clue-a very strong cluo, which Dr. Dobbs brings us.' ' The evidence is entirely circumstantial.' said the Doctor, ' in fact, one might say in ferential. Muih investigation would be needed before anything could bo proved, for or against. Still, as Lady Trevor says, it is a clue.' Again a silence, while everyone looked i with a different expression at Sir Theodore, j Ho and he alone could decide. His wife's look besought- him to . pursue the thing to the bittor end, Mrs. Dobb.s' expression was terrified find nervous. Despite thifl damning story, the girl iNol'iili Soraers had been, and stil! was.dear to her. She was on the verge of hysterical teiirs. Her htisband tried.to maintain fill expression of ilrtpettjinl drtiiil aiid ilistnityj tut succeeded only iil glaring frightfully ittSli' Thdoctore. Ifc wis many minutes before the arbiter' of the casd .spoife. . At last; lifting his eyes from ttifS ground," ftS looked St timctimpiin^ one and all and said,gravely,gently, and slowly - 'As Dr. Dobb.s says the evidence at the besl is circumstantial, whatever conclusions wo may in our own minds draw from it. As my wife sayn It ir! a clue--undoubtedly it is a clue. .And t say, it is a ciUe tt'hich 1 shall not; follow. Let it drop ! I am afraid of nothing but a bad conscience, and I am thankful to say that mine does not troublo me in respeot of either Wilbrahnm or of this unhappy girl who, I quite ; agree with Dr. Bcbbs, wns closely bound up with him in some Way. If dhd, itndef- pressure from some oiltside soiireej took yaUi' ainpUt.ltiofl Ithives And joiinie^fed iftiblin with them to deliver them to a<lit1 d Uhe wiid \tais 16 u's^ them against my life, all I can say is Groa titilfi' her! She was unhappy when she was with us. She has evidently been very unhappy since. Possibly she is very unhappy now. If she is in Wilbraham's hands at all, either as sister, wife or mistress, she is in bad and remorse less hands. If I could saVo her from him I would. Most ttssurediy I ? shall not pursue her to ht'fr punishment: Spt frtr as 1 am Con cerned let her go her way with! whafcfleace she may. I think, Dr. Bobhs, you willagfee. with mo that this is a" matter which needs never be alluded to boyond our four selves, . unless some most expected circumstance .should rentier it necessary for one of us to speak.' ' Fully, fully do i agree with you,1 ex claimed the Doctor, growing purple ttith ox citeiiiciiti as lib sbi^fd Sir /theqdote's hand and wrung it. ' How I hoped you \voiilci decide thus-yet I felt I could not blame you had you decided quite otherwise. Why, what in God's name must you bo crying and going on in that way for 1 What a goose you are !' For Mrs. Cobbs h/«d Indeed cjiiitq given \l'ay; ana. Wits' (Jobbing n'olid behind her handkerchief. Lody Trevor alone did not express any exuberant, delight in the decision arrived at, but she looked at her husband with a certain glow on her cheek, a certain spark of exultant pride ill her eyea which said more than volumes of words. Shu was not the woman to speak out her thoughts before strangers. But she rose slowly, and going to the writing table, once again took out the knife, and bringing it- to Dr. Dobbs, said gravely, ' You had better take it away. After what my husband says, I have no more use for lb' ; ? ? i I . This .was one of Dr. Dobbs' amputation knives vestbi-b'J to him. How and when lie heard of the second one, luicl by what means it came into his possession, it is not the object of this narrative to relate. [THE Exp.] 