AFTER the great failure of the Oriental Banking Corporation in May 18S4, it became a matter of absolute necessity to examine oar banking laws, with a view to so ameliorate matters financial as to prevent as far as possible a recurrence of similar banking iasco, and their attendant disastrous results. It would, however, appear that the combined financial acumen of commercial men and tbeir legislative adjancts, lias singularly failed in effecting the itiuch-desired result. That tins is "so, our bitter experience of the past month has most abundantly proved.' If we expect the single great fact of bank notes having been made a preferential claim on the assets of a suspended financial institution, nothing has been done to ensure that maximum of safety, which it is now self-evident, the great Inlt of timid depositors must have In :order to stem the tide of their insensiate rashes, whenever the ghost of an unfavorable -rumor reaches their timorous ears. ~ It is therefore, painfully necessary that a committee of experts should—acting of course in concert - with the Government—be appointed at the. earliest possible moment to deal with the whole matter of banking, in order to devise means, by virtue of which. such scenes as we have just passed through, may be rendered difficult, if not altogether impoisible. To the lay or uninitiated mind, the suspension of payment by so many banks and "their prevalent mania for " Reconstruction " seem, however to want a trifle of explanation, and not a few people waut to know why reconstruction becomes a panacea for existing ills in the banks in 1893, when no such idea was ever dreamt of duria the previous forty years of their existence ; when half-year after half-year their various Chairmen have proudly characterised their respective positions financially aV"unassailable. And indeed to the aforesaid uninitiated mind, it all appears as if the Banks themselves as well as the "demented depositors" were panic-stricken in their desire to follow the lead of the bell-wether—the Commercial—and re-construct. That this would appear on the surface to be the case is apparent from the fact that in .the case of at least three of the suspendel banks, they shut up shop before onerthird of-their .supply -o£ coin was exhausted, let alone their immediately-convertible securities, and • the question arises; what good purpose is served by stowing away a million and a half of. bright sovereigns in a bank's cellars if, when a few depositors rush for £300,000 of that snm in a few days it also becomes timorous and says in affect " I wont pay any more V There is on-' deniaWy something most radically wron^ in this state of affairs. Take again the case of at least ene bank in prt-cesa of rerehabilitating its affairs—the Colnnial— and jet us examine i:s schema for rehabilitation as regards depositors and] shareholders. In good times the former planked down their hard cash and re-' ceived aay 4i percent for it. The latler purchased the bank's shares, paying up to date L35.3. each for them aud received big fat cividenda every half year—over! twics as much as the depositors got. Now ill thes-V-btd times, when by fores of adverse circumstances, it beenmes nec.ssiry to ITCniisu-uct, .the poor depositors are asked to put down cash for L409.500 worth of shares at ISs/esch at ones, while- the shareholders are asked for simply IA 10s. |ter share additional mid get three years in which to jiay it! This is nr>anif< stly unTair. The<jue>tion sooner or latter wiM hsre tn be definitely settled — IJ it tint desirable to have a National Bank «F Issue ? No doubt, where the vested interests are so overirhelmiiig'y euormoas, it trill be many years before such a proposition »ill be ever seriously entertained'; in fact it m» be tiken'ior granted that ihe Greek Kalends will jbe within measurable distance when that'idea attains reasonable proportions, bat tojthe ave.ra^ miud, such an institution is ^he only guarantee to even an approach' to ateolute.secority In monetary sifairs. We see how im|»jrtant a factor the Stock EichaPEe proved itself to be in the case of this Commercial Bank and the London Ckartrred -Bank. The "bearing" that tbfe stock 'of those iustitadoss was subjected to, was the absolute cause uf their tailnfe tii meet their engagements—the timid shoreholders being the coagecer of the timid de|.ositor and chaos •.resulting from their ill-advised action. Now, all possibility ot this would be obviated In" the case of the State Bank. Bat, even by a bank fostered by the State, rushes could not be prevented, thoagh it isobviou9, the very fact of the Govern rneut being behind that bank, would |>ire feeling of rest and secarity to the average depositor, which no private institutions howefer well, and ^ .creditably majoaged.it may be. CO aid GIVE, ;vithoilt such fosteringJdSeence. \Ve are, however, unfeignedly glad that the worst of our troubles are now permanently over, and it is with pride, that we are able to point to ^that^ instStntion havinga branch in our town—The Bank-of £iew S«uth Wales, which is a eeuior amongst seuion. as having successfully weathered the storm. We hope also to sec the London Chartered Bank^and Bank of Victoria havinz speedily a happy issue out of their afflictions, and a return to that prosperity they formerly enjoyed, aud whicJi'they never deserved to-have even temporarily lost. It would be wise if the latter institution were to teke the initiative in being less exacting in its demands on do positnrs than its predecessors in the race of " Reconstruction- 1 ' 