! COMMENTS FROM THE CITY. [By Sim Sisiois, M.P.I Adelaide, October 12. Owing to recent reports from Western Australia it is generally believed' that we are on (be ere of a gold boom, and that the old game hetween the hawk and the pigeon about to be resumed, several 'Change speculators having left for the new El Dorado yesterday. People wonder that anybody should be fool enough to be swindled by the old match box trick, but it is still more wondeiful that swindling syndicate promoters should tiaje after lime guil the public with the time-worn specimen trick. It is by means of one rich clsiro, saeh as the Bayley's Heward, that they do the busi ness. The modus operandi is ta seeare a bit of ground anywhere within 50 miles of the rich claiaii which is called in close proximity, then send a few ounces of rich quartz apeoimops, •Jhat wiH a-s4*j thou sands of ounces to the ion, ahd with which the prospector is. always provided, ', to Adelaide. This accomplished, a syndi cate is easily formed and the trick is done ; the hawks sell oat and the pigeons as usual are left lamenting. That Western Australia will Id the near- futnre become a great gold-producing colony there can bo but little doubt, but it would be a great pity to see another of those senseless mining booms set in similar to what we bare Buffered so severely from in the past: the Northern Territory boom, for instance, or the numerous wild-cat Barrier swindles that were floated on the strength of the Broken Hili. Wheu the uews of the terribly sudden death of Mr Squire, the Deputy-Post master, became generally known it seemed to plunge the whole city into gloom. Pew men were better known or more generally respccted, and being an emi nently kind-hearted man he was beloved by. all who had the pleasure of his acquaintance. There is a eood deal of speculation as to the cause of the accident, but if what a livery-stablekeeper tells me is correct, and I believe it is, it is no longer unaccountable, lie says that Drakes as a rule are ant to what lie calls " work forward." and tbe brake on Mr Squire's trap was fastened by a sirap to keep it back when trarelliag orer ierel ground or uphill, and that the horses bad got up speed before Mr Squire could release the brake. It is this livery man's practice .to tie ibe brake back with a bit of string, so that if it is suddenly required the string is broken by the pressure of the foot and the brake acts immediately. At the Criminal Sessions which closed 'yesterday tbe jury fouad Piuokett, the man who killed Charles Ganley in a Rosina-street brothel, not gu Ity, and tbe verdict is generally considered a right one. The most shocking depravity was revealed at the trial, and the goody-goodies now profess that they had no idea that I such a hell existed in the heart of Ade laide. That such diabolical daylight de pravity is allowed to exist is a puzzle to the average citizen, and can only be accounted for on the presumption that such a state of affairs plays Into the bands of the police. If a three-card-trick man puts in an appearance a dozen detectives are at once toid off to dog his footsteps and he is soon brought up to the Police Court and ordered to clear out to some other colony. Yet in this evil street there are a number of strong, brutal thieves who live chiefly on the earnings of prostitutes, and who unless they happen to be bowled out for robbery are not interfered with. Why can't those fellows be treated like the spielera, who are the less objectionable of the two, and sent out of the colony 1 Ministers' pocket-money is again on the tapis owing to the farther returns which were laid before Parliament on Wednes day. Some of the paltry items charged, such a» a couple of shillings or a half crown for cab fares, show a contemptibly mean spirit, especially as such men generally speaking have large private incomes, irrespective of their public salary of £1,000 a year. Certainly these petty sums for cabs or even the thirteen, and nine-peony dinners are not what might he called heavy, but the system is a rotten one. The country should know when these men are appointed to fill cer tain offices, the exact amount, he it much or little that it has to pay them, for their services. If ministers of the Grown under the present system can draw hundreds of pounds out of the public treasury at their own sweet will, there is nothing what ever to prevent them from drawing thou sands. Matters in Parliament are about as lifeless as matters outside, and although members ait both early and late there has been but little useful legislatioa accom plished, motion after motion and Bill after Bill being repeatedly debated and i P?s'P0De(^ Conciliation Bill to settle disputes between employers and em ployed so as to do away nith strikes was introduced into tbe Legislative Council on luesaay by the Chief Secretary an<3 read a first time, sud that august body shoved itself more favourable to the much-de bated Part six. in the Taxation Bill, ihere has been a dispute in the House of Assembly between the Speaker and Mr John Moule as to whether tbe Public Salaries Bill should be deemed a Money Bill, which has led to a conference between the Standing Orders Committees of tlia two branches of the Legislature. On pri vate members' day Mr McLacblan brought forward the case of Jlieiiard Arthur, who suffered so heavily in a will case brought by ibe Public Trustee, and Mr Ii- t. Downer asked the Groverament to compensate MrJemison, a ganger on the southern railways whose services had been dispensed with after he had been in the service for forty years, the debate being adjourned. .Mr Brooker wanted a Mc Arthur-i oresfc gold - saving apparatus erected at the expense of the State, and this matter was also postponed. Mr Gilbert introduced a Sunday-closing Bill which met with a like fate. The Premier spoke on half-pay to Governors during ! their temporary absence, and on the prin ciple of electing our own Governor, which he is not in favour of. Afier several other matters had been discussed and adjourned members discussed the Land Bill until 11 o'clock stopped the proceedings, which throughout had been more than usually dull. On Thursday Mr Bartlett was informed that the Blackwood viaducts were abso lutely the strongest part of tbe Hills line of railway, and that the Silver ton Tram wae dispate had been settled, after which an escape of gas effectually stopped the proceedings for half an hour. On resum ing, Mr White talked about vermin, and then the Crown Lands Bill was again con sidered m Committee. Mr Coles sought to introduce a clause by which email blocks of land might be taken up for cul tivation without the holders being com pelled to reside thereon. This was strongly opposed by Mr McPherson and several others, and after the clause had been amended it was eventually lost, 16 voting with Mr Coles and 24 against htm. Sketches or Legisx.atobs. —Jfo. 5. The Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, boru at Happy Valley, tbree-and forty years ago, the son of a schoolmaster, he for some years followed in his father's footsteps. Sir Walter Scott declared that he never knew a schoolmaster to he a sensible man, but then the great novelist never met Holder. After practising the teaehers' trade he degenerated into a newspaper editor and for some time ran the Hurra Secord. When Artemus Ward at the spiritualistic show called up his father's ghost, he asked, " How's things, daddy?" " Middlin, my son, mid<ilin." " Ain't you proud of your orphan hoy P" '• Scarcely." " Why not, my parient." " Because you've gone to writing for the noosepapers, my son; bimeby you'll lose all your character for trooth and ter racerty." Haviug thus prepared himself for statesmanship the Surra people Bent him to Parliament, and that they bare never regretted it «a proved by the fact that they hare kept him there, fie was onoe Premier, and on two occasions proved himself to be an able Treasnrer. Although possessed of a good set of brains and political ability above the average be has not become intoxicated by unexpected success. He is a pleasant companion, a hard worker, and a good though ra>id speaker. A.s an unpaid labourer in the vineyard of John Wesley be is much »p preciated. Be is by no means a physical beauty, owing to the fact of one of bis eyes not seeing properly ; but this is rather an advantage, as i (.sometimes pre vents him from spotting a hairpin in hi* batter. 