“ MACBETH.” Mr Bciitlcy’s second Sliakesporcan vivai takes place a t the Theatre Royal to- night, and a contemporary speaking of him in Ibis character Bays:—Mr Bentley’s Mncbcth is very acceptable and strong. The Thane, the sport of tb e weird sisters, and tbe foot ball of Fate, and assisted by a wife, in whpm fell ambition killed the woman iu lW nature, was represented ae stalwart soldierly chieftain, superstitious ae became the rude age in which be lived, but not a weak, vacillating coward too often depicted. He was a Macbeth with whom the heuse could sympathise. The character of Mr Bentley’s Tliane may be summed up in th at pregnant passage:— ofidJ Tear thy nature «fthe milk ortiui i jairinef •ould'at U ambition, but witlio liifhJv Loud it. Wliut tho rould’rt botdy *. could'e >t i»l&; fals< In wake-up, costume, and boaring Mr Bentley came close to those fine, spirited illustrations of th is great play by the late Sir John G ilbert in Knigbt^s edition of “ Shakspeare/' He drcp&ed; the character mngnificentlv, and acted it with deop and manly fooling. In th e scene with tho weird si6tere tb e play of his mobile features was more eloquent than his gestures, and in this and th e scene with Lady Macbeth he gives the keynote to his conception, and conveys th e idea that in Macbeth's miud were already germinating' tbe seeds of treachery, the dreadful fruit of which he had no idea until his ambitious lady’s superior intellect sketched tbe form. In tlie interview with Lady M acbeth on his return from his m ilitary duties, honored by tbe King, the workings of his mind were indicated in a m asterly manner under tempting of th e woman, a n a we have seldom seen a house so hushed into attention as in the second act, where is so much powerful emotional noting, and where one of the most severe tests of tbe actor’s art is made. In conjuring up in Macb tb's excited mind tlie vision of th e dagger Mr Bentley stands near the entrance. to Duncan’s chamber and delivers tbe linos a hushed, awdstruck tone, which iB very with a seething torrent of scornful words, his acting was very fine, culminating in an artistic exit iu which th e passion was by no means to m to tattera. His demeanour afterwards on tbe assumption of tbe throne, was royal, indeed be made a stately monarch in boaring and rich costuming. In th e terrible strain tow ards the close of the th ird act, when hU superstitions foarfl are excited by th e ghost of Jfonqno, he boro his p a rt w ith thrilling force, and, by-thc-way, introduced a novel reading by having th e ghost come in a third time, and seat himself in one of th o chairs on the ttais in tho banqueting hall. N either Macbeth nor his consort see the ghost until they are leaving tlie scene of ao ranch terrible mental excitement, when Macbeth, turning a t the door to glance nervously round the ball, eeee the ghost again, and his renewed agitation causes tbe Queen to glance in tbe earns direction. She for th e first tim e aeea tbe awful phantom, and w ith a heart-rending scream of horror shrinks to the ground, whereupon the curtain falls upon b- fine tragic group. The g ouping in “ Macbeth *’ on Saturday night was the m ost picturesque we have seen in th a t play for years, and it is enhanced by tii* handsome costumes. tiie Lest Jnedici Try il lentiy ocjughe^coldft, M usuaa ; th e relief ia iastantssnous. bbtwus accidents of" all ldnda lm they wouoda, oust, ImrnBi cud scoldings, bruises, sprains, II is tl»e Bafert remedy— no ewelling—no Inflammation. _ tbthcra, Like bronchitis, surprisuift lnflunmktlon *• to - tlie lungs* swellings, etc.; dJflTTb®#, js _ ______ hospitals of the and kidneys mndioal nor *----- King of the It*4r; Rtnbs; crowned patronised with Vy med*] His and Majesty diploma *t International Ethiifltiini, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, uul rejeot others. 