FARM AND STATION. THE TOILERS OF THE HILLS. TBt a Native. 1 NO. XVI.—THE SECOND CHEEK. The gully traversed by the Second Creek u situated below Brewer'a wine shop, the Finch, and between the Blaok Hill and Green Hill. It (or the portion of it immediately above Burnside) waa formerly known as Olifton and Warland's Bottom; afterwards either as Sismey'a, Knudkey's, or Slope's Gully, from the names of latter-day residents there. The oreek takes its rise from below Ridge road, a short distance north of Little Mount Lofty, and its Alpha and Omega were in the matter of early associa tions connected with- the establishment of brandy distilleries. The looality of the one near its souroe was owned by the late Mr. Baye, and is known by hillites as Brandy Gully; whilBt the other was proprieted by an old identity known as "Sandy" Patersoa, and it was situated on the oreek just above Burnside. To Mr. Paterson belonged the honour of being entitled the first settler, long before the tea tree which formerly marked the oouree of the creek was " pulled down." His hut was built over fifty years ago "of mud walla of a dwarfish height" with boughs of the teatree bent over them for the dual purpose of forming a roof and secreting the existenoe of one of our earliest colonial industries. A beautiful spring bub bled up close by, and near it were tubs and casks of all descriptions used in connec tion with the distillery. The business paid well; " brandy was brandy in those days, and it used to be carted to town in jars placed ill within a load of wood." The only difficulty experienced by the "canny" distiller was in "keeping it dark." No one but my informant knew of its existence, and his knowledge of what was going on there was heavily mort gaged to "Sandy." However, after the in evitable intervention of the police the business was perforce relinquished, and Sandy was Erosecuted "with the utmost rigour of the iw." He then sulked, " wouldn't eat, speak, or Bleep," and after having his money and stock-in-trade confiscated, be, with the keenly sorrow of a true son of Sootia, even '' refused to breathe." The next to reside on the oreek was the late Mr. William Bell, who planted the first garden there. Its situation was just below 8ismey'e, now the residence of Mr. ft. A. Knox, and its principal product was to baooo, from the leaves of whioh oigars were manufactured and sold by Mr. Bell. At about that time the late Mr. Henry Warland, sen., built his homestead on the eouthern slope of the oreek^and his garden on its bulks was known as Warland's Bottom. Besides garden ing, woodoarting and dairying were engaged in by the proprietor. Money was aoaroein Adelaide in those days, and payments for loads taken to town were made half in cash tod the hsltooe la «tores. The old homestead hsa long «iuou bean demolished; tat it ia remembered by many men and women now (ohildmn tben) whoae legs were tackled by_ a magpie belonging to the homestead, whioh looked upon all visitors or passers-by as intruder*, and treated them as amoh. The late Mr. G. D, tiiemey, well known at one: timeaeamiller in Adelaide, was the next to build at " Clifton Valley," aa he called the place. The rasidenoe waa two storied, and was at that time the largest out of Adelaide. The late Messrs. Hugh Knuotey and Slape subsequently oouunenoed gardening operations higher up the creek. All the above-mentioned, and n wood carter named Fensoin, comprised the first residents, or toilers, on the Second Creek, and the stories told me by one of the few re maining who was acquainted with the majority of them were most amusing, but unfortunately a reoount of them would be inappropriate in theso articles. The valley of the Seoond Creek from its souroea down to Clifton in narrow and rugged, and does not therefore admit of tnuoh in the way of ooltivation. Near the bead of the oreek at Brandy Gully Mr. W. Slape baa a fruit and vegetable garden of about 10 acres. The soil oontained in the narrow fiats favours vegetables, and a goodly quantity of them are grown. Plenty of water ie supplied for irri gation purposes by the springs which there abound, but fruit-trees, like others in the neighbourhood of Summertown, are handi capped by disease. The next garden is situated a considerable distance below, and to roach it the Greenhill-road has to be traversed to just.below what is known aa the Pinch. ' Hero running from the back of Green Hill ia a steep and narrow one-dray out ting whioh was made by Mr. Fenaom. Tbedrive down it or npit iaenjoyabletoanyonefond of ex citement. The edge of the cutting is unfenoed, so that there ie nothing in the matter of pro tection between your trap and a yawning chasm. The Black Hill, bereft of its eorubby mantle by the bash fire of 1892, frowns down on your- left, and looks blacker than usual; whilst the wail of rook through whioh the out ting leads on yonr right has been splashed here and there by itinerant painters in white, jn viting you to eat, drink, and smoke all kinds of oonoootions or decoctions. Yonr interest in them is ooncentrated in calculating on she effect of your horse shying at tbeir ghost- like lettering, and, if so, bow far you would oon-, atitute " the motion of a body through spsoe" previous to being pioked up in pieces on the rooky shelving constituting the banks of the oreek below. However, on reaching the termi nation of the cutting, lovers of the "ruggedly wild" romantio might do worse than follow the oreek np on foot for the purpose of seeing the waterfall. On the other hand the tnrnoff down stream leads to the garden of Mr. Robert R. Slape, whioh skirts the oreek for a considerable distance below the Black Hill and oontains about nine acres. On its long narrow-necked strip fruit-trees and vege tables are planted, but the latter have reoently been discounted, as fruit pays better. The first portion of the orchard was planted by Mr. Slape thirty yean ago. Oranges ana lemons both do well, and they number about 400 trees in alL In the autumn " aphis makes its appearance on them, but it is washed off by the early rains." Of apples only the Pomeroya are affected with disease, and it made its appearance two yean ago. Other kinds, iuoluding the Soarlat Pear main and Nonpareil, Strawberry and Golden Pippins, are not affeoted, and yield good crops. It was near the locality of this garden that a team of bullooks with their dray tumbled from the tip of the hill down the ravine many yean ago. One of their number was found alive at the bottom with both its horns knooked r Afterwards it formed one of a team that did the overland trip to the Viotonan goldfields on two oooasions, and it was subsequently recognised doing duty in the streetB of embryo Melbourne. So muoh for that bullock. Below Mr. Slope's garden is the spot whsnoe water is supplied to the Burnside high-level reservoir. Further down the creek is Knuokey's old garden, where long ago many pedestrians from the eastern suburbs 1 were in the habit of purchasing fruit. The garden is now in thehanda of Mesan. Paul and Julius DimeL All the splendid old orange trees are things of the peat. Their situations have been filled by younger trees of their kind, also by apples and (berries. Many happy memories are con nected'with this and other localities situated on the banks of the oreek further down. Of orayfish dibbled for and hauled np in num bers. Of adventures whilst possuming, wattle bird and parrot shooting. Of gathering wild flowers, gam, and cranberries between here and Ilfraoombe. And lastly of a grand old specimen of an early-day toiler in the person of Mrs. Flynn, who used to pedal from near here all the way to town and book alongside her cartload of washing. The cart was drawn by her stanah and favourite white billygoat, whioh the faoetious youth of Kensington 1 nioknamed Snowy William. I TEE THIRD GREEK. In tracing the Third Greek it was neoeeaary to return to the headlands on the western slopes of Ridge-road. The sources of the creek are located between the head Of the Second Greek and Norton's Summit. Imme diately north of Mr. William Slape'a is Gum Flat, situated above Ferguson's Pinch, where Mr. William Trenorden, jun., has an orchard containing six aores, half of whioh oontains old trees and naif young fruit-trees. The latter were*q>lanted five years ago, and are doing fairly well; but the old trees are in a very sorry condition, although not so bad as those in Mr. Trenordfen's older plantation at Tregarthao. The scenery here is magnifi cent; indeed from anywhere adjacent to Ridge-road it cannot be excelled, and could any of to-day's toilers rise from their graves some fifty years henoe they might possibly be surprised at the transformation that will assuredly take place in the matter of resi dential occupation within that period. Adjoin ing Gum Fiat is Anldwood, the property of Mr. John Moulds. Its oocupant was well known in the eastern suburbs many years ago, and after a lapse of many yean I was indeed glad to meet him- He has during his'thirty one yean' rasidenoe here obtained a consider able amount of experience, and to him I am indebted for a good many of the little histories oontained in the earlier numbers of these articles. Anldwood was when Mr. Moulds came here what the Adelaide natives would have named Ker- nonga (mountain side), portions of it being so steep that one put of it has not yet been trodden by the foot of the owner nor of that of any other white man. The homestead is situated on a tongue or rise of land between two blind gullies, on either side of whioh is the orchard and garden. The area cultivated ie the largest on tne headlands of the Third Greek, viz., thirty aores. I ruit-trees ore for the most part cultivated, the land not being so favourable for vegetables, principally on acoount of the abaenoe of the wherewithal for irrigation. In the orchard several of the apple-trees were badly diseased, and about 300 of them hod been out down and grafted, Pomeroya Stone Pipj?inB, Scarlet Nonpareils, and tbe Beauty | .ustralia beiDg inc'uded in the number,' whilst the London Pippin, Peasgood's Non*... suoh(here Been for the first time), Worcester Pearmain, Yorkshire Betaty, tad Villitwll Favourite were not eo bad. The fttiit arap generally wis the -year before last fairly good; bat this year "it bu, eo far. been a killer, .short Oropa and shorter prioee both lending their aide to warrant Mr, Moulds re ferring .to it in this wise. Wailing* re aaseea ■^eot at £15 per tore were here apparently justifiably indulged . in. «»l, will giro you forty aores of -land so' 1 aiaesebd," ttid Mr. Moulds, " if you will walk over ilk" But even with laddering that would be impos sible, as that Quantum of it in perfeotly in aooeuible. "Appealsawe too expensive, so I have to pay up, grin, and bear it," be added ; but in this he is wrong, for on the authority of one of the heads of the Taxation Department 1 am now enabled .to inform him and many others who complain of over-assessment that they have only to apply direot to the depart ment, and applications will receive dna consideration without the expense of en gaging either lawyers or agents to not for ahem. Further north and similarly beautifully situated is the steading of Mr. w. Lovibond. Bia orchard and garden is in two plots—one containing fourteen aores and the other (or older portion) six aores. The drive through the first mentioned is skirted with walnuts, whioh were looking somewhat sunburnt. Thi« was aooounted for by the faot that their elevated situation is wanting in moisture. 1 About 1,000 apple-trees have been planted on this portion of the property, and all are more or leas diseased. Taken ' an a whole they were very bad. Several wars bearing nothing, and Bismarck's, which had previously done welL were then " resembling crioketballe," Adams Pearmain being perhaps the best of the lot. On the flat in the upper garden oabbagee had been grown, but clubfoot had reoently been eo bad that the plots have been planted with filberts. In the old garden below the house there are three splendid springs, and below them are vegetables of luxuriant growth, Frenoh beans being speoially good. Hot lime is here plaoed in theholee previous to planting cabbages, and as a pre ventive for clubfoot it has been found to answer very well There are two rparnifioent Ioolong peartrees in the old garden, but they have not borne for years, and none of those of younger growth have eo far done any good. Speaking generally, the cherries have borne a good crop, and the trees are olean; plums, no crop at all; damsons, fair; strawberries, a con siderable area planted, produced the beet fruit for many years; whilst of raspberries and gooseberries there is a goodly number, and they bear welL In the matter of disease pre vention eau celeste and oopper spray waa tried on fifty old apple-trees two years ago, but although used during "bud breaking and bloom" no good results were obtained. Of the gardens situated on the main tribu te ry of the Thud Greek that of the late Mr. U. Gfeenham is nearest its eouroes. Other places immediately below it are the better known to Adelaideana, notably Grove Hill (or Giles's), Baier's tea garden, and the old. Book Tavern, now a private dwelling bouse. Greenham'e waa planted thirty years ago, and is now oooupied by Mr. T. Playford, jun. The acreage ia about twenty-five stores, and tha prinoipal fruit-trees are cherries, apples, pears, plums, quiuoeB, and a few peaohee, - whioh were planted two years sinoe. All the old trees are very badly diseased, although the apples are better this season than last. However that ia not saying tnuoh, as last year only 40 buBhela of marketable apples were gathered from some hundreds of trees. Several have been out down and grafted with Mr. Gladstone's and the Northern Spy, and it is to be trusted that the " Mr. Gladstone's" may prove to be the Home Ruler of both a better crop and better prioee. " Bedad, they ought to be, for he's a bit of a grafter," afterwards remarked my pilot. Peato grafted aome years ago are aa bad as thoaa ungrafted. Cherries cut beck for "working" were found to be full of pith in the cents of the old atems, and those that have been grafted are shotholed. Fungoid is plentiful on all of them. Apples, pears, and plums are only too bountifully supplied with it. On the riaanoar the main road one and a half acres have been planted within the past tiro yean, and Ihev are doing very well, but as Mr. Playford he* only been in oooupation of the property tor • comparatively snort tuna no doubt a com siderable improvement will be elf eo ted in both growth and culture in the near furore Adjoining ia the well-known estate of GroXX Hill, and it, both in the matter of age and the area under cultivation, deserves special mention. Its original owner was, g most people are aware, Hie late Mr. Charles Giles, the well-known hortioulturil. and floriculturist, who, previous to its pari chase fifty years ago, resided on the South road, Happening at that time to visit the vicinity of Morton's Summit he wsa most favourably impressed with what he afterwards named Grove HilL Returning home be on the following day revisited the spot, bringing with him a Bpade for the purpose of testing the quality of tha soil below its surface. The test proving satisfactory he applied for the surrey of a section there, and purchased it at the rate of £1 per acre. After its purchase he was in the habit (of "walking to his newly-acquired property every Monday morning from the South-road, carrying with him a week's provisions. Thrra was no road up the Third Greek in those days, the nearest traok to it being by way of the hills to Morton's Summit. And years after he and his family had settled at Grove Hill he waa obliged to carry everything in the matter of stores and household requirements "on his ehoulders down from the Summit." His love for floriculture here in the first instance was manifested, and a ontting from an old Register proves that forty years ago he challenged the then floristB of the oolony to " show a oolieotion of roses sgainBt his" for the sum of £50. But either the money or the roses were wanting, probably both, for the challenge was not aooeptea. After the planting of theorchard, eome ten years later, a fire was oooasioned by some neighbour in blasting wood. The damage then sustained by Ml. Giles in the loss of sixty acres of trees with a fair crop amounted to abont £10.000. Fruit-trees were fruit-tree! then, and common apples fetched 20s. per bushel, and one tree (a Stone Pinpin) which was partially destroyed by the fire had "yielded fruit to the value of £40that season. Mr, Giles was always a successful exhibitor at our metropolitan Shows, but his best record aa ; a prize taker was on the occasion of the Exhi bition held during the Duke of Edinburgh a visit, when eighty-fiv* prizes were plaoed to bin credit), exclusive of three medals, one of the latter being for the largest and best collec tion of frnit. Suoh'ia an outline of the history of Grove Hill in the days of its founder. It in now in the oooupation of Mr. Charles Giles, his son, to whom I am indebted for the foregoing particulars. Near the entranoo gate to Grove Hill are eome splendidly grown trees. Included in their number are the oak, elm, Sycamore beeoh, poplar, and mountain ash. Near them is a lountain jlaying, whioh is fed by a spring higher up. To the left are the greenhouses? fernery, and hothouse, and each of them contain flowers and ferns of the choicest de scriptions. To give a full description of the Orchard ii a matter of difficulty, there is eo muoh of it. The fire of thirty yean ago vraa not an unmixed evil. The orobsrdat that time waa planted with all' kinds of treea and. "thousandsof them wererubbieh"aecompared with the varieties obtainable nowadays. The stems of those that were burnt were in many eases out and grafted with better aorta. All kinds of trees are or have been grown here, but disease is rampant. Cutting back has been indulged in to a considerable extent, but several of the stocks wither away and die after having been out. Some of the plum and apple grafts are attacked and perforated by a small grub, whioh starts at the top and eats its way down to the butts. Hundreds of cher ries, appleB, pears, and plums have been dug up, ana other trees, including aprioots ana pe&ohes;, have been planted. All of them so tar look well. Of orange-trees there are about 100\. They are planted in a blind gully, and bore a splendid crop lost year, having been greatly assisted by an appli cation of Fison's fertilizer. Walnuts thirty-five years old still bear well, but present a somewhat withered appearance on their uppermost branohes. A miniature forest Df figtrees was at one time contained in what js called Fig Gully, but their fruit was so much ippreoihted by the birde that they had to be grubbed out, and the gully is now planted with apples, cherries, and plums. All the iower portion of this immense -orchard is drained underground by one central drain, 3 ft. square, made of etone, and others from the Bide gullieB are connected with it. Irrigation iB not required even for the oranges. In oonoluding this notice of Giove Hill the opinions of the present proprietor will be quoted. He 8aye—" I am oontinually grafting with better kinds so as to keep pace with pre sent requirements. It is no use growing small fruit; it must be large and showy, irrespective of quality. I think there might be a large export trade to England of appleB and pears, but freights are far too high. I sent about 200 oases there two years ago, whioh resulted in great loss. When I then went to England I took a small consignment (forty oases) and felt sure of success, but when they were unpaoked I was surprised at the bad oondition of the fruit. We ought to have an advantage over Tasmania, as we oould pook our fruit nearly a fortnight later. Small Sturmer Pip pin! were selling in England at 3d. each. If we Could get our fine samples lauded there in good condition thpy would realize Is. each. The best kinds of apples for shipment are Strawberry, Sturmer, Stone, and London Pippins, Dunn's Seedling, Scarlet Nonpareil, and French Grab, but the Bi baton Pippin is the apple that would sell if it could be lauded in good order. Fears would also sell well, and there are very few imported. Napoleon and Blane Ferae are the only two that would suit the market. They have plenty <JE cooking varieties, so that tbey are not re-* quired." With regard to the " black spot" in Apples, Mr. Giles is of opinion that it is occa sioned by climatio influences, and tbat "all the . spraying in the world" is not muoh good. If you get a dry, hot Jeason the disease is very trifling, and his avourite disease - resistors are the London Pippin and Beinette du Canada. The'' yield from the former at Grove Hill waa close on ljOQO bushels," some of the trees yielding 20 bushels of a fair sample this Beason. The pear crop Was small and "fearfully diseased," but plumB were good, though tbey Bosroely paid for pioking. Three aores of almond- trees, thirty years old, had been out down, as " they never. sued .to bear, and the frost outs the bloom, causing it to die off." Mr. Giles has a very high opinion of Fison'e fertilizer; it is expen sive, but after using it for his orange-trees it doubly repaid nim. ' Three hundred hogsheads of cider was made at Grove Hill some five years ago, but it "turned out a dead loss." If, however, it oould be made as it is in Devonshire " it would knook our sparkling colonial beer flat." Mr. Giles was ill at the time of my visit, and I acknowledge my indebtedness to him for furnishing the above particulars; coming as they do from a praotioal grower they should be j of( value. Space will not permit of a more lengthy description of this, the largest and pioneer orchard on the Third Greek, but its area of cultivation and the immense amount of work done there is a lasting memorial of the energy and enterprise displayed by its founder, the late Mr. Charles Giles, sen. | 