A BIRD OF PASSAGE, BY B. M. CBOKER. *'''-,'?'- CHAPTER XLL THE POACHER'S GHOST. ** But I am constant as the Northern Star.' It was not dork, it wos nofc ovo0 dusk, whea Helen, . foaviaR fought hor way through tho lBUEUstione aisd oynagaof the ploasm-o-Rrouado, mounted tho hill which lay befcwooa Crowsaoro and Ballyrodsaond. Hero oho paused ok tho summit oud looked bock. What 0 olsnogo ovoa two dayo oas saako ia oao* a wkolo osiotoaeo ! Two evenings proviouoly oho hod booa piekiag SEnaoEwooEao oh thio very bill ia hoi' ordinary tranquil hamo of naiad ; now, glaasiog dowa 00 the old Ogd41o, Crowmoro woe to Saovo 0 aow master. Dad oiio EauDt loavo ifco okolfeoB ! Hoe annual pittance would 000a be dao, and ahe would thras bo enabled to retura to laar duties at Malvorn Houoo. Well, she hod aovet1 iaten ded to qaartar hereo!? altogether oa hoe eouoino ! With a half-stifled sigh oho turned her faeo towordo Bollyi]odo30od, whooo ^ablca aad ohioa neyo peeped abovo tho £eocs. Aod so Gilbo?t Lisle was 'trader that roof — probably at dines? at that moEaoQ'i oifc&iag; oppooito to Miss Oaldor wood ! ° Q£ ooraeao, ho io oagogod to hoz,° she said oloud 5 6 Dido oaly doaied it because tho wish wao EatEaei1 to the thought ! I date day they will bo saarnod soon ; porhapa bsroro I leave, Woll, I think I ohall bo able to doeorats the church, cad oven to accept aa invitofcion to the wedding—if I get one !' These tifc.ongb.fco brought b.oe to the RoSovious gate which separated the two esta^eo. It led from tho hill-side pastor© of {Jjot/sboeq straight Into the doaoe woods oi BrJlyfedmoiad, oud wes at pEeoeat aQoteaQd h^ a otoat padlock. Thoi'o web ao sign of JoIqe Dillon 5 sao DOBcd to be he&pd;, savo 4lao oevzin^ of uoo&q; and tho eooiwK o£ wood-pigeons ; Dnd5 without 0 anoaaaat'o delay, Helea divod iato hes: pookofe, pijodao©d a small peokaiEoj aod coEQmonced to ooevo he's HoifciolD witk DOEHowhpfc DHopieioao baate0 Sho f?as aot the loaofc o&oid; o£ ^hosta 5 hos colatioa o£ the Gsoaft ' oppaEatHQ11 qoqi'q had o£cGctaalls; bDBiabed all auoh feoso ; but it wqq 0 oileai, loaoly ploeo, whoso oho hod bo daoii1© to liagep. The wood oho wao opo^Qtiag epoia waa hDi'd, iho poaljai?© brifttls, ood tho pfoooso dIow. She fead oaly achloved 6ho lottos? H whee ho? gded, beiag qaickoood by aa olraoot noooiaaoiooo ap psefeenoiOH, oaagfet tho epead oi a foototep oom iafs fehfoagla tho ploHtotioa. Neot'os? and booeof it oppraaehed ; aow it wdq walking ova? lecsvoo, ^hioh dsodoood tho Dotsad ; bow it stepped npoQ a Eottoa twig, which oQoppod. Has? heakit5 de -opito hee bi.'avoi'ys ooiajsmoiaoed to floftea' wildly. Waa thio ihe poDohe^'Q ghost P oh© would know is onothoc rsoeoad ; in onothes? socood tho broaohoo woeo throat aoide by a gi'oy tweod qpbSj aad oho bohelds not Jofoo Dilloo — bot Gilbeefe Lido I and oho fold that tho ohai'poot esiBis o£ iaei1 life wao at hoad. Ho stopped ifoE aa inotnnfc, aa tlsotJGh to col» leot aimoolif, thon qdejio stcaigbt rap to too gct^ oad doSod hio ©ap. Ho looked gpavo and os tssmoly jiqIg 5 assd oftoe a poffceptible paaos, he mid :— sMiao ©aasoj I am ?opy glad to moot yoa Qgain.' la obqwop £0 thio olio saosely iocliaad her heod- At tliio aapi'emo moment oho oould not hove opokea to do\7O hoj? life. 'I 000 that iho plaocraite io entirely oh my bi&q; ; aatP, aataeally, yora bolievo me io be tho moai SoithloDSj poufidioiBQ—'' * Tho pnot io post,' ohe intsi'roptod ia 0 low, liismed voioo. s Lot bo cgrao to forgot that wo Slavs ovo? mot bofot'o. I v/aa a oilly oohool-girl ; ?yoti wgbo a tuavolloj.1— a moa of tho woi'ld, seek ing to oalocgo yoiai' ospo^ionoo o£ plneoo and people. You oxpomiaontod oq mo. Ifc wae sathoi? oraolj yoa kaow, but it doos not rastte? aov7. Wo do aoc livo id the ago of bt'okoa e Misa Dseio V he volnmod pasaiosantoly, ' I'ol 2a4hei? a maa had stiinok mo acs'ooo tfao raoutla 4hon be obliged to ctond and lioton to oacla ^osdo fi'OM a woman ! And the worat oi it all isi that yom1 4-iuhSo 000m woll-dosoi'vod. Yon do not know tho tenth. Look hos?o,' hastily p^c° daoiag a lottoj.1 addt'ooood to heuoolf, ' I waa oa my way to leave tbio foi' yoo with iasy owa handQ. I did noi'vonturo to oxpaet that yoti woold oee mo ; bat oiuco I hove do happily met you, will yon lioton to me P' 'No, Mr. Lislo,' oho ono/yapod coldly, 'lam not a school-girl now.' ? Pardon mo, bat yon must— you shall— beos? me,' Doddonly olosmg his bsnd on he? wrist with b vice-iiko grcsp, and speaking with anuraftl vebemeacG. ' O£ cooroo I must hes? you, if yon choose to detoia sao tiRninst my will ! Would yon keep mo hoFo by &neh; means P1 shp seked, her voice tjtgtoblixig wish indignation. ' I would ! Yea, brutal as it sounds, I would. Evsry oi-iminttl ban 0 light to be htaaed ; and isoui yoa, in whose eyes I appear a miserable traitor, I claim that privilege. I will no longer suffer you to think me a base, ffilee-hoDrted cur ! Tbe?e,' ooddonly liberating be? hand as he Bpokc, ? Ttieee, I release yout but I oppaal to ju.ur sense o£ honour ond justice to give mo a hraring !' Helen made no reply, bat, as ehe did not C070« he naturally took sileEee;for consent, and, without o moment's delay, bogau to plead his cause in rapid, broken saatencog. ' Do you know, that for tho loot tea dcys I have been ascirooing foe you ovorywhoro, aad that I have boon hniS-diatcaotod ! At fii'Dt 1 addressed myaolS io your ouotj who out'tly re fused yoni? addrooD, aod mode some oeoptieal ?o marko ob any saotivoo ie oeokiog you ; than 1 travailed dowa to Tonby aad iato^viowed M?o. Kane ; unfostnaatoly, gho had lout yon 2 bot letter, and could only ffooaoraboi.' that youj? poot towa _bop,ca with a T5 which wao _po,thOT vegao. Nost i telsgt-aphod oat to Mpd, liolmoo—who vepliod with ' Mcivora Houoo.' Fionlly Mro. Platt wsd induced to boliovo that 1 wan in QQi-noat. She coat a lino to Mk'O. Dui?aod ; Mro. Dui'nad foswacdod ifc £0 mo instantly. I o'saEtod fop li'olnad withia knK aa hone, aad hero 1 ami' 8 Bafc why P' ioqaired tho yoaoglady ffiigidly. 6 Simply beoGnoo, until tho loot fortnight, I bolioved you to bo tho wife of Jcisaeo Qaoatia ! Yoo, you E«ay wol! look indigaaat and Doorofal ; I sichly deoeE'vo ouch looko. Yoh chall judgt rae, yora aloao— Hos?o/ cuddoaly jroaaoviag bio cap, and loying his hand oa the gats. c I ofond aa it wgiio at tho boi1 boforo you. So patient with me £ob a fow sainufceG ; hoai? my dofoace, and thea you shall BGy if I am gailfcy o? not guilty. I leQy-G say conoe0 my fate3 my inlwo Me io youi' hando !' Heloo liotoasd to Ma appeal ia pyoScociad ailoaee ; poigaaat mo^non&3, saainiy p?ido, fcE-osjsbling ospectotioa, otsugRled fiei'coly ia her bi'QDOfc. In tho ond heE1 hec/it pt'ovod to be b.ai' ouitor's saoat cloqasat advuonto, and with o hasty gfsitara o£ asooat she motioned hisa to #0 5 You sotaQmbos.1 that Eight ot Port Biair, v/hen we paetad, do I hoped but foi1 a iev houi'a P Woll, 1 want hoiED ond waited v,p fo;.' Qotmiiu, cad talked to him ia a way that astoniohod him. ITovot'tholess, ho otack to hie poiatj cad bluotosed, aad otosaaod, oud owot'c vhcit you woe'0 engoged to aiEa.8 c Aad you boliov&d; Mm P' aho oselaiEaedj %7'ilh Eopi'OQood eEaphfsoio, e I did aot believe hio wosdo, What eon^osiorl ma was his facfcat tho Sect that ho possessed tho ,7Feck tfing, aad placed it ia my hand. That c7dd Bofficioat. 1 thoughts, whoa you eo'ald givo him thefc, you oould aot ooi'e fo? sao.' ' Aad horn fi?ot to last you ware Mit. Qaon t'10's oafc'fl.pdw P' 'His cat'a-pav/j his tool, Ms Fool; whatever you like !' veheoseatly, ' I was an iQiGtuatod idiot. I mi -.took him xoe! a gentleman, and juoaOQiL'od hira by a W£'onf» sfcandced. Ma told mo lisa by tho dozen, and whoa I loft sho Nioobara I wqq undee the improssioa tbot he f?as about to EotQca to Poefc Bhdv, aad to moppy you c\t once. I r/ent to Singapore, to Japao, to OahEoF.aiG ; I rambled about the woi'ld, quite beyond tho Beach o£ aews from tho AndaifflonQ. Indood9 aovvs horn the A'uda moBcJ I aevoii' sought — tbat pDgo ia eay life cloticd, I eu'iUQ to London about thi-eo weeks ago, and almost tho fisat people I mot woe'o Qaentin and hia wife ! Aftoi1 that, Mrs. Duvand eloGirad up tho whole buoiaesa. S'ae told mo how you? mng had boon stolon, ood oho it wos who oiaoceodec] in wi'iagiag your adcli'OQQS n-oia yoBL5 aiaac, o&d; than a about 'the wSiole otoi'j !' 'What did Mi?. Quontia saoanP' inquieod Helea gsovoly. 5 It's huzd to oay. Ho ia a notonouo looly Miles. Ho did not like to bo cut oufe. Ho wos going aways and wao utterly s'eckloos, I boliGFo ho hod a eooalcorfcciblo eocvietioa that ho could eoEamit any social oooraity io those oGt=of-fcho=wcy islands with the utmost impu nity. He btilioved that whoa ho sailed away, ho pot higBGolf: beyond tho ranch of all sopi]i= aalo. And aow, Heloo, what do you say P V you oaly kaow what I have felt the laofc fort night, you would thiak that I've bsea pretty well puait-hed lox- being Quaatia'o dupa ! Am I pnilty or aot guilty P Qan yoa ovoe fovgivo moPp s Yea ; I do forgive you,' oho eoplied ot longtln, with a little eateh in hek1 brooth. ' And wo will f;o back to whe?o we loft off thot ovening r-t Port Blair,' suddenly leauiag hio arms oa tho gate, cad looking at hor soi1 aostly. To this oho shook hoy hand ia siloneo. c There io some oao 0I00P' lie oaid, ia a low voico. 4 No, iaoi'o is no osio oloo,' ohe Dnawored, with out looking up. ' Thon yon are really implacable ; cad, iadoed, 1 cannot rzonder.' ' I om not inaplccnble,' and o'ae lanRbod a littlo nervouo laugh ; ' but I am a p,ovo*n-30s !' 1 And what in the worli hao thot to do with itP' ' Everything, I am not a suitable wife fos? a groat landod p?op?ioto? like you- You took os all in at Popfc Blair ; but now I kaovy who you really ©re, it would nevor do. I asa 0 lady, eeir tainly — your wife can be no moxo ihan tbot— but I have bo mouoy, no connections.' ' I don't understand you,' he said rather stiffly. ? A-k your friando, ask your father, ask your uoob, tbsy will explain it all very fovoibly.' ? That is a mioerable ezoussi and will not serve you. My father has been goading me tov/afdo the yoke of matrimony for yearn. My worthy uncle, little knowing, talked o£ you nil luach time to-day, and wished himael? a young loann for your sake— if, he wore, yoe weald aot lisioo to him, I hope !' ' I am not going to listen to oay oho.' 'Xcs, you ®to, you are goiug to listen to stu, When I was a poor obscure nobody at Port Bloir, you occeptsd mo as youe future husbond, $ou know you did/ fYes, aad aow that I'm, a poos? obscus?o ao- . body at OffOV/moEo, 50m wiofeto sol-am the ooei= pliffloaft.' 1 Helen !' ao oscloJEaod, la n toao of shorp pq» PL'ODoh, 6 yoa doa'si boliovo ia vou? Iiocpfc that I oot aay vnloo oa asy moaoy, oe' my birth. I want yen to toko eq Jos my sol? alone, as if you wore a dai^y-Emids aad I woi?o a blaokcmith. Will you P' oxtonding hio haad. ' Bat iff I oay yoo, what will become oi Mioo Ocildorwood P' she jaqaii'od, ignoring the proff fored clasp. ' Mioo Oaldoewoocl io nothing to mo, I aa nothing to her ; oui? ootatoo suit oae anofchor, that's nil. You don* 6 oupposo that I caro p otrav? roy Miss Oalderwoodj or oho for mo P' coming do elooo to iiee ao tho gato would pep- . sit, ond looking at ho? fixedly. c Yon feoow vet?y well^that'i goto Icob ao oao but yon; doa't you, Helen P' Helen rniood hot? oyes, oad ?ookod at him— nad believed bias. ' I ara afraid you have had a ves^y sougfe time 0? it oiaco wo prsited— both, at Post J31aik'5 and in ( Loadon P _I hats to think of it.' : ' Yoo. i r/as Eaisorable at first, most Bisoj.' able,' het1 oyes filling. 5 Aftoffwai'do 1 got oa betters cmd I've been very happy here,' 'But, my dearest Helen (N.B. horn Mioo Dsmo : to HeleHj woaa Helea to iay dea^eot HeloQ, had bs-on a sapid transitioa), io not your uncle vory' mad, he was going to ooy, bat eanagod it to the woi'd 6 odd.' ' Vek'y, vfivy odd 5 indeod, nuot'o thaa odd, pool1 aaan, but ho wao very good to 220. I am foad o£ my o05jGiao5 oopseially Dido, Katie io goiag to Hsaray tier eoosiB Bo^y.' ' Unhappy Eatio I' ia a toae oi pvofouad com ssiseratioa. ' Tall 230, Helen, hao thai ill oonditioasd O?son oven: dai'od to moke love to you P* 1 Neveemiad, Idotosi: him, ia fact, it is to prove that ho io a cowaed, that I cm horo aow. Ho defied mo to coaae tip ao£'e, aad cut iny aosao ob this gats. Sse, I Ihqvo got qo £ai? as Ei'.p 8 1 qog '. aud it ia hasdly woii'th xjogs whilo to ?add tho D,' ho added, oignifieontly. ' Before very loog you will hnve nuother initial. And v/hy did Mi?. Baffly Sfoeuidna de£y you to cut youe monogram 00 thio gate P' i Beeaase it io said to bo haunted by Dilloa'o ghost ! No oqo voEtueen hei'e aftei? duak.' 'ladeed! Do you kaow that I eanae a-oross your ghost in Tot'eysoreen yestok'doy 5 a market gi^l v?ho io yoas? double. When 1 oaw foeu I felt that it woo a good oaaen, that yon and I (?ould bo face to fooo ore loag.' ' Yen, aad you wese kiad eaough to toop has a sovereign— here it is,' how producing it; 'it hue beon burning a hole in my peckefc ever stBce. Yes/ in aaswei;1 to bio store oi incre dulity, £I may cs woll confess to yoa at once, tbcit it was not my double that you saw, but mv.oolf. You soy look amazed. Did I not play my poEfc to pedoetkra P° 'loimitably— but whyP' { Wo,' with a backward wavo of her hood, ' a?o miserably poor ! Uaele's inveatioas absosb all the money. Dauby, the steward, is a thief, and Dido hoc aothiag to look to but the gar den ; Qveiy week ahe osado a cart to maskot, oad it is the saDiuotay^ o£ tho housekeeping. Sally, tho dDiey-saoid, was kid np—I took hos 'And whoa did you pick up tho b^oguo and tho blarney P' s Oh, that waa tlio oosieot patt o£ fcSio Eaatton1 ! I caa toko oS anything.' ' You oaa Pp sathei? otnsitlod. ' Yea, ovgk sinoe I could apoalt ; bat I oevei? attorn ptod it ia oamost till yoptorday. Pleaoe take back youi' oovereign,' holdinc: H oat. 6 What am I to do with it P Foofcoa it to ay watoh-ohaiu ao a aaosjaonfio of the day my wife cold vegetables ia the Ksaaukofe aquoro at Torsy ooraoa P' 1 If- 1 Waco youj I would aot talk of yotii? mio boforo you have oao/ t'efcuraed tho youog lady, bluDhiog crimson. JI think you might givo it is ohaL?ity/ ' So be it V obediootly placing it ia Ma woia4» ooat pocket. ' Af'tei? all, I'm glad that you aad tho flower-sollee wece identical,, I always tlaoughc you woro tho protticst gnl in tho world, and ifc gavo mo quite an unpleasant ohoclx to sqo yoDr counterpart.' (Aftoi* this speech it wan sao longoi1 ia Holoa5a power to say that Ms?, tiolo had aot paid hos? a oosnplimoat.) ? And whom havo wo hew, eowaiog down fcho hill with a brace ol robbits over bio shooldouo, ond a guu ande'i? Mo asmP' ho asked abruptly. EEolon glaaeod behind her, ond beheld a aaaa tspproachiog with n black beaid and poaked cup, aad oiirnnk cIoqol1 to her companion instinctively as oho asiuwored : ? It mnot bo Johu Dillon !' And it wno. Tho Eeomiagly Bolitavy white fiauro ofiavod d poculiasly tempting oppostu aifcy to the ghost, and ho advanced with long aad L'Opid otfides (not btfiug aware of the pk'esQaccj oi: a third party, who was at the other side oi the gate and somewhat in the obade). Ho wr.a within three yards of Helm, amd had olseady otretchod out a threstanmg arm, when— 6 Hullo, John !' ia a masculine voice, caused bim to pauao and recoil a step or two. ' I say, yoa oooEB to havo had good sport P' John glor/GEod, backed, and would have fled, bufi GiiboBfc was too quiok foe him. He vaultc d o?gb 4ho gotop and naid— 1 Oomq heWf say fgiead^ &nd; bivb qu aocotln of youfsolf. It's not every day thDt I eee B ghoaf 1 Lot mo have a look at you !' Vejy slowly and L?oluctaatly tha speotr© olouehod book, oad stood withia a £ov7 faoS oi hio quootioao?. Flight waa ugoIobg ; She had to deal with a man of haU Ma ago, and thrice hio activity. Moreover, his gao woa oot loaded. 5 Aad go I hoot' that you made a capita! bag on our bog on tho elevenths Joha ; what do yon do with, you? game ? You kaow yoa liove ao Rome lieoaoQ and oro a to^riblo pooehoi1 ; wood cock, phoaoaato, harao, all come handy to you. My uqcIo tolls me tbnt threo hundred hoad of his lone toils wo^e ooat away to Dublin aad sold last wiator, aad this in spito o£ watchoro at night, aud ovory proooution ; you woa'fc loavo 0 head of gamo ia tho county I Foe?, I don't miad bottiog a sovereign that yon havo a brae© of grouoo in one o£ pour pockets,' Hoi'o Joha, who had hitherto simply ofcood aad fiioworod, showed oinno of raoviag off, but bio eaptoi' 600L bim firmly by the asm, aad ioadiog him oat beyond the shadow ofc tho teeos, said — ' Mr. Darby Chute, ii I'm aot greatly mis fakon 2 I've suapeetod you foL? yeaeo; Jaottoke 3ft joel' cap, will you? Fow youc bea^d, i£ 70U ploooeP' AnJj ouro oaoagh, thoro stood Darby. _ Pop aoKO Qoconds tlaore wcd ca oloqaoafi 31I0GC0, brokea at laot by Heloa who, aotwith 3tandieg hop seeptioiom ©£ Mr. Ohui.0, woo un° prepared foi' this 8 deaouomoat'. 5 Oh, Darby, hov could you p' oho oseloimed with hoi'soi'j ° Mi1, Gilbok't,' lao stasaBaovod ia a 'ifomalous ?oicG, c I've knows ye, man and boy, aad over '?nnoQ po wor a terror with sho catapult. 'Twas i first taught you to liaadlo ferrets, aud sure you would not p,o and esposo me now P* ' Why shoald I not P You havo poached tbis Dstate for the last tea years ; not modestly aow 3ad_ih6n, like yous noishbours, but as syste aaatically as ifc you had leosod tho shoo'ing. You aaast have itnada 50ns? foFtase.' ' Foriuno, indeed ! aa' how woiald 1 aaake Q fortune P' indignantly. 'Easily, Darby ! what about the wMto cow ?ou sold for Miss Dido for twenty pounds ond you oaly gave hei? sisSoea P° demaaded Helen authoL'ifcafiivoly, 'Areah! what are you talking about, missP' ho coked with on oil1 ol vii?tGous repudiation. ! Do you want to destroy meo charaetoE1 P' { It ia all eight, Darby, I was there. 1 aeard you coll it to a man aaraed Jameo G-isoy, 'Wo will sead foi? hira tc- saiorEow if you like/ ' Fais, I sao I may 03 well aaslce a oloao breasfe o£_ it— I qoo that it'o nil over/ vosaarkod Darby with suIIob BoHc-poesesaion. 5 If you mooa tho ohootiog of tho best oovers ia the oounty, and robbing old Mr. Sheridan, I think you are about right, and that it is all over/ returned Gilbert emphatically. 8 Well, oufo, iff I did aot tuko from him, some oao eloo would/ woo tho cool rajoiadss. 6 'Tie a ahoao for tho likoo of hisa to be tempting poor people I' ' I oapposo it wao^yoQL1 shots that wo asod feo hear ia the woodo P' c I ospoct it wao, Mr. Gilbort/ 1 And it wao you who fcemfiod tiliQ wito out o£ ovory oao after dark — sbopq oDpoeially other -poaehora. That wao a cloves.1 dodge.' ' ifc wao aot too bad!, Me% Gilbert.— Some people does bo very wako in thomsolveo, aad shy at sight.' ' Aad there are aot half enough knaves in t&e; world, for the fools that are in it I Yoa are a raoot infernol rascal/ s Mnybo I qqj, Mr- Gilbert j but I aevor wont agaia eBo cousoieace/ ' You could aot well go againub what yoa have nofc gofc/ 1 Aud sure, what io garao but wild birdo P' 4 And tho oow, was ohe a wild bird P— I oap pooo you soat all youc bogs to BabliaP' 'Fais, aas I did, Ms, Gilbert!' Kottwnad Darby with porfoot oqaoaiiaity. 6 Aad who bougbi your npoil P' 6 Oh, ^a opolpeea ia Winiara°ots'eet, q s-ale ehato ! bo oovcl1 gave mo moro ner two ahilhngs a bsoee. Don't you havo ao dalingo with him/ aaid tho culprit with Iioroic impudence, 5 Aed now, what am I to do with you, Me. Chute P You ore oooviefcod here as a thief and a poacher, oh yoas? owa coufeso!053.p ' Woll, Bovz, oiooo you ok me, 1 think ye might as well let mo off, Mr. Gilbort. Saro, it won't bo ao pleosure, or relief, to you to prosecute me, aad mo old mothor would think bod! of me going to gool. Won't you opako a word for mo, Misa Heloo P Shuro, thero'a tao one bat yourool£ can say a hoto a^aiaofc ao, aad ye would aot liko to bo pat up in the witaoDo-box at Torryoeroen/ ' You need aot bo distroosod about Miso Doaio9 Davby/ ooid Gilbert, stesaly, 6 It I do lot you off, it will be on pceoanfc of your old mother, and bi-fotiuoo I've known you over dnoo I eould walk, and bflOfiuso tho harm is dona no;?, and io pub lish your knavery would make hp,l£ the county look like fools.' 4 Look here, Mr. Gilbort, I'll never offer to fire a shot in anyone's ground, BEtam, nor to set foot in Orowmore. And I'll maka restitution on the cow qu' wen op two sneall caattors besides, in sH tvinty pounds. There oow ! I'm laying m© sins bavo before you— and what more can I do P' (To ie continued.) 