AOTA POPULI. ? ? f Bt the Flanetjb. ' Thet'eb Hanging Men and Women for the Wearing of the Green !' The ' good old doyo' when that piece of pleasantry was possible havo passed away, of course, but ib is evident that tho ' bad drop' still remains in the Boyne Water boys' blood, foe it is now seriously proposed that the playing of the great Irish National air by military bands should be prohibited by lav?. Thio ia intended to be a counter move io tbo order prohibiting the playing of that bombastic piece of blather known as ' Eouse ye, Ulster,' and we are told that the Secretary for War is ' considering the suggestion.' Poosibly he has ordered that ' General' Johnston, be bailed up in a corner while Tim Healy whistles Boucicault's ballad in his ear by way of ascertaining botv much o' the tune the hero of Ballykilbeg could cfead without going ofs into kicking fifcp5 or making n greater ass of himself than he has hitherto done. If tbio ia tho case iG will be a bad precedent, for when ? the Home Sule for Scotland Bill io drafted (ao it soon, will be), oae of the Pfaaireou ta Phairsou clan may insist on his uve-and-twenty pipers march iog through the House in full blast and asking the War Secretary how he Iike3 a taste of thai The Scotch members would think they were in Heaven, of course, but the other members would fancy they had fallen into a new and far worse Inferno than ever troubled the thoughts of Dante. On common sense gromida alone all rhyming rubbish beginning ' Eouae ye,' or ' Wave the flag on high,' and the like should be tied in a bag with a boulder of granita and buried at the butfcom of the sea, and perhap3 it would be con ducive to the best interests of the people if tbe poet were jammed into the sack and dumped down to M'Ginfcy's land as well. Calling upon Ulster to ' rouse' for any beneficial purpose is particalarly nonaensical, however, for it would be as hard to rouse the bigots of that black spot to a meritorious deed as it would be to resurrect the dead Crusa ders and persuade them to shake a leg at the Dake of York's wedding. The great wish of the so-called 'Men of Ulster' to-day aeema to be io have themselves written down asses by the right-thinking portion of the world. It is possible that under very favourable circurast&aces; a Belfast ' rebellion' might aasutue the dieseosioaa of: a holiday scrimmege here be tween' the pohse and a ' push/' but after the woeful exhibition the Ulster oraadhauEs made at the General Election o£ 1885 the idea of their rousing and securing a victory is enough to make even the grira ahade of Paraell split in two with laughter. In case the Jooneys chould ' rouse,' however, the War Secretary will probably make the follow ing call on the country—' Wanted 100,000 rotten eggs fco be delivered la stated quantities nfc such places in Ireland as may be most convenient in order to repel the advauce of 20,000 Orangemen with rifles under the command of Field- Marshal Balfour and General Eandy-Pandy. Every able bodied fish-woman in the land is espected to ' bare arms5 on this occasion,, aad, providing the eggs supplied are very plentiful and very stale, a glorious victory will be assured. The egg bombs will ba nerved out in baskets, and when the foetncB barao his steel each fiah» woman will hold her nose with osie hand, Beize an egg in the other, and remember that cowardly com mand which is still stored in the Castle avchivesj, ' Do not hesitate to shoot !' ' Once more the peace o£ Europe haa been secured by the tremendous fact that the New South Wales Cavalry 'gave a display of bushranging feats before H.E.H. the Prince o£ Wales, who expressed his admiiation nt their display.' After that I presume our varriorc bold will be entitled to wear frilled ohiet ft' onto down to their koeeo and nialretheracelves quite at home in the regal kitcheno at Windsor and Bal moral. What form the buobuanging featc took, or how much they raised the preafcijyo of tbo colony, eve mattero upon which the cablecrammor ia provokingly silent; but of one thing we can rent thoroughly aEcured— the bushuangera didn't gat vei-y much out of Tammy. Possibly, he may have ' gone through' the corps himself by ihggbo ok h id baccarat bog and ? hia ivresistible request, ' Pop it dowa, boyo — fairest garao on the oouEae to- day.' Hewing witched the world with daring fecto of bushranging, the Now South Waleo Cavahy will probably soon be found at one of the Arcbbiohop of Canterbury's sprightly 81 socials' exhibiting their skill aa ' bnriilcra or enterfaining the ladies at a garden pnrty by onch amusinf; Ansfcrolian gameo ao tho three card trick, '? heading thorn,' a opecial feature being tbo 'riugiug ia o2 a grey' (or double headed coin), cud by way of a gay finale our boyo could play a force called ' How the banks broke the people of Australia..' Speaking o£ Csntsrbury'a princely prelate reminda me thn.t an Bnglieh biahop (poD3ibly Dr. Moorhouse) has just let off a good otory to the efiect that upon n certain great religious occasion he entarfcoiEed a party o'D Amorican bichopa 'on a week or two. Being particularly aurdoun about the temporal welfare of hia apoatolie gaesto, he vioited all their bedroomo before roticing feo reot and found tho whole of the biohopa in She name Domenhat peculiar attitude 5 that irj to say, each divine wao IiHeelinp; on the hear fchr sag and smok ing his little ' dhudeeH ' op the chiriney with a vim to which tlio day'a enforced abofciaeaoe had given a particular aeeb indeed. All men are born equal ; but ooine of tLem are promoted fco the police force afterwards anol eventually die noh and,, of coarse, ' respected by all who knew them.' This baing the case, I would like come ouq Iu authority to explain iS tbo^e Ia any truth ia the recant complaint that out of 86 mea OiBployed on ' oof b bil leto,' or iadooH work, ia STo 1 Police District, Sydney, there ere bat four Catholics, and that evea these weno appointed during an-IaopeetoL1 AnderaoE'n time. The advantage of indoor work is that a policemm 00 employed haa the prefer ence in promotion, a matter which seems to be a groQD injustice fco the men who not unfrequoatly riok their lives in tho execution of their outdoor duties*. It haa been distinctly stated that the necessary qualification for appointment how j seema to hi that the officer ' must be t, non Catholic and, if possible, a member of some Orange Lodge.' If this is true the ohameful game must be played go quietly that the Govern ment kcowa nothing aboisb it, and if any ag grieved officer will state a cound c-ise for the Freeman to chake up be caa depend thnt ib will have prompt and satisfactory attention. I know tbah during the tinis of the O'Farrell sccndnl some moat eligible applicants ware refused admit tance into the ' fore*' on account of their creed tind country, but the men in power now know nothing of the ' Kiaraa Ghost,' and-hove a com mendable closko to act fcirfy to dIL Whet ore the odda agaiuofc the grey mare being the better horse to-day? At times she seems to be forging to the front, but the moment she does another grey mare cannons agoinok her and Imocka lies oat j of hei' etrido at oace. We had a lamentable example o2 thio when clover Miss EobincorSj the woman-doctor, was chut out o£ the Children's Hospital billet by the vofees of the women's com mittee, and now we find that out of the 4000 women registered as voters in municipal affaira in Kancaa, only sis voted the ol/heir day 2os a ? ^oman candidate 2os the posibioE o£ Mayor. Misc ' Secretciry' Sootfc, o£ feho Woman SuSa-cgo LcBguQ, forgot to miEtioa these matterc ia hen? eloquent speech ok Wednesday last, but ohe very kindly thanked those fanny newspaper parties' who ' generously supplied the Womenhoodl Lsague with ridicule, baocuaa that; proved that the female miad is not ao pDwarlesa to V7itbs's;n.iad the ahaita of ricJicule,' and riciicuie io, o£ courao, a tent of truth. This waa very charitable on the parfcof the 'femclo mind' (what an odious term), end by way cf further ecicotaragiag the League to greater efforts, here i3 another litble chunk of ridioule supplied by a horrid male mind in Mis souri. There are 13 women notaries in 8 b. Louis, all of whom have been in office for many yeara. ApplicantD for ouch billets are oblige! to pat up substantial money guarantees, in addition to a petition 3igaed by respoasiblo and inSuonticiS persona. Moot of these official Indies are expert shorthand wrifcero atad iu every v/ay qualified for their pooitiono, but otili, members of their o»7E sen frequently object fco ba oworn by thorn. Hot Ion (-' ago a ba^ona widow entored a lady ootary'o office to make an arScmatioQ, but on finding that ''S. fkophy, Notary,' which she road on the door-plcto, ueferrod feo c, woman, oho got hes' back up go high thc-t tho battoao fell in oho were off her divsa, aad sho iadiguantly gk clcimed— ' Look here, yoa sbo lawyer ('cQoy the 'oho' mind!), I've burioi my foorth husband, but I'll bury four more and myoelf too, before I'll ever pub up my hand and owoar to a wotnr.-n. 1 believe in meai give me men to do business with or gimme denth !' Coming £vy\n a lady ot! ouch extensive matrimonial esperienca, that little tribute to the uinoocliuo miud and body io highly flattociBg iadeGdj v/c\& it conficma me in tho opiaion thut womoE will never ba unanimous OB the Duffrogo, or nay other subject, until they aro nil doad and buried, and then peehapo poor dov/n-trodden maa will enjoy a woll-earned rest from nil 'ijhia womciaboocl rciufc end riot, Madaoie Sb9rling, v/ho appsava to have n lai',jG iji'joi femalo mind of ken orm, hca also boon good oQOUgb. to doolare chat ohe likeo the men too, par ticularly ' fcha Anotralt-in men,' and furbhermove, oho likeu tbo colonial brand of meo. ' booauoo bhey wear slouched hnta and havo an inciopondenO air.' This looko ca it tho gollanfc Couat Audi O'Kelli had mndo auofchor triumph with his forty F&g; bat and haughty old Boui'bon visa, foufc thea Madame ia do fnll of gush over everyona and everything connected with Austrailift .tli^t'ihe^ v/ould probably declare that Parkes wag aa hand nome an Hyperion, and the Hbeald waa cheap cveii v/c- ifca kqw Sf-'ure of a penny. .. ? . ,; ...1' : I have not yefr met Madame Sberling in the floobj r.lfchongii our Egoa have converaed by sueancj of fche paychicnl telephone and agreed about aeveval imporfcnnt oubjacto, such ao the Whiehnooo o2 uhe Whonco, and the proper time to cet the ogga of the long-eared feather- legged Cochin China for/I 1 but I am told her singing ia oupei-b, and moot of the conge oha wcfblea would hove been considered escellent good muoio befoie fcuaeo were invented. Her great faalta Geem t© ba a too retiring dioposifcion, and a de.-iro to emn- late the ability o£ the man who declcrod thnt he knew how to remain oilenfc in seveR difierenfc laaguageSe Madame doesn't talk enough, and in pnrfciculac che appeacc fco havo a holy dread of conversing with Howspapee reporters, which, eonoideeing: tshe mild and modest character of ihoao angelic boingo, in wholly uaworraBted, eopjoiclly as regardc the home-made Auabraliun acticle. Seriously, how« ever, I think Madame is a real good woman &fa; heart, Sieuliog by name and oterling by nature too, and when she hss quite dona talking I hopo to draw special afctention to a few of her moab oonoible and ought=to=be=remembered ffemarlio. 