THE PAINTER AND THE GHOST. My old friend, the late Reginald Easton, the miniature painter, used to tell the following story : He was asked by letter whether he would undertake the miniature por- traits of some children whose parents rejoiced in the name of Cobb, or some- thing like it, and who lived in an old house in a remote country place. The Cobbs would be delighted to receive him as a visitor, he might be assured of a hospitable reception, and a room with a good light for his work. My friend arrived at a moated house of great antiquity-truly a treasure of a place to an artist, as he described it, with its mullioned, windows, its inner courtyard, with quaint gables, tall chimneys, and the rest of it. The Cobbs were charming people, the children pretty, and apparently tract- able, and the house quite full, so full that one bedroom only was available to the artist. Easton noticed a mysterious sort of muttering between his host and hostess, of which he overheard the words "can't be helped-there's no other," which he construed rather un- favorably in respect of the salubrity of his apartment ; but, in reply to his inquiries about dampness, &c.;, he was assured that he had nothing to fear on that score. The dinner left nothing to wish for ; the company was congenial, the wines, of which, as always, he was very sparing, were perfect, and the artist returned to his room somewhat fatigued by his journey, but only suffi- ciently so to make his bed more than usually welcome. Before testing its qualities, however, he examined the ancient room. The bed was a huge erection with funereal feathers crown- ing each of the four posts. It stood opposite to a fireplace of high and quaint construction, with a silver fire-dog on each side of it ; opposite to the door, and to the left of the chimney piece, was an oriel window, through which the moon shone brightly enough to enable the tenant of the room to distinguish pretty clearly all the objects in it. Easton, was soon in bed, and almost as soon asleep, to be presently roused by a strange intruder, who stood at the foot of his bed in the full light of the moon, in the form of an elderly lady, who was apparently wringing her hands, and with eyes cast down was searching for something on the floor. Feeling that a mistake had been made, the artist sat up in his bed, and said, I beg your pardon, madam, but you have mistaken your room." The strange visitor made no reply ; and on closer inspection, to his great surprise, Easton found the lady to, be in the dress worn a hundred and fifty years ago, and perfectly transparent, for he could distinctly trace the form of the figure : he also recognised the lady as exactly resembling one of the ances- tral portraits he had seen in the picture gallery before dinner. These íírefleo mind when the. lady, with a look of terrible' despair in her face, ceased wringing her hands, seemed to be "^bsbrbed in the moonlight and disap -, pe arid "through the window. ^^Jfeïï^said Easton te himself, not having experienced the slightest sen- sation of fear, "that's a ghost if ever : there was one. I wish, to goodness I had a sketch of her.""IniaTew minutes he was fast asleep again. The mystery dfthe conversation of ¿the previous night between host and hostess; ! was cleared up at breakfast 7^ when,*in. reply to the usual hope that 'heTiacTslept well, he gave an account /of !hK*midnight visitor. cac "Yes.'î said Mrs. Cobb, ««we never ^use;tha4;; room if we. caa avoid doing ¿so^fOT our friends are sometimes terri- fied by the apparition of the dreadful Tjwoman - who committed a murder "* in 'that room. Kb j she is no ancestor, pf, .ours,. . but she became possessed of this.properfcy by the mur S-der of the heir to it-a child who was the only; obstacle to her inheriting the . estates/1'Tins she'managed by sending \- th^1 child's! nurse on a fictitious errand, v and during her absence she strangled the heir, but so skilfully that no traces of rfoui. play were , discernible, and nothing (V^ould have been known of the crime if she bari not confessed it on her deathbed. The property wa* then" sold, and Mr. Cobb's grandfather . 7 pou^itl" : '.";Wfli she appear again, do you \V think!?* inquired the artist. .! .1' "Certainly she. will, and about the -^liSaime time," was the-reply. uiu; At the request of Mc. Easton he was -yiùrnîshed with a lamp, the light of /'which''was¡ keptas low as possible, and, 7 ' wíín"*sÉe|Sníng" materials by~the side of .. it, he laid himself down in bed on the ... : second night to sleep. The apparition .-'appeared,.and conducted itself exactly as it did on the previous night : and, if ghosts are capable of surprise, she must'have experienced the sensation when. Easton, sitting np in bed, said, " 1 beg your pardon, madam ; I am an ; artist;-will you allow me to make a sketch of you % I shall then convince r "sceptics «of the truth of the appearances of-" but before the request was completed" the old lady had vanished as before. ... i¿: The artist found his living child :!, sitter more amenable than the dead. He progressed rapidly and successfully with his work, and the nightly appear- ance of the murders enabled a retentive memory to produce a fait resemblance of what he solemnly declared to me he saw for several nights on wbichhe occupied the haunted chambér. -W*. P. FRITH ia the Magazine of Art. Congratulations from all parts of the . , district on the success vof dur malt \- brown arid extract of malt white bread. ,.t Polljupply on" Saturday. Be sm^abfl gëtfalojrffrom Bricknell's.* 