THE .STORY ANDREW O- FAIRFAX. BOOK II. PREPAIING FOR IOiI WORK. CHAPTER XXII. "O'ER MOOR AND FEN." " Thou hast me forsaken, Jamie I Thou hast me forsaken; Thou hast me forsaken, Jamie I Thou hast me forsaken. Thou canst love anither, go, While my heart is breakin' Soon my weary een I'll close Never mair to waken, Jamie, Ne'er mair to wakenl" -ROBERT BURNs. Just as Andrew was going out, he heard a timid knook at the door, On opening it be saw Amos Crewe standing there tremb ling and cold. " I couldn't bear to see 'ee go alone," he said, "I feel I must go with 'ee, God 'll give me strength." "Amos, Amos," said Andrew, "it must not be. You are trembling, almost faint ing now." "I've come fast. I was 'fraid you would be gone, but I'm in time, thank God, I couldn't slaip or rest, sur, ef I thought you'd be alone. I shud go mazed, sur. I feel I've got strength, I must go weth 'eo." Andrew led the old man to a chair. His eyes seemed to flash with new light, he did not stoop so much as usual. "I'm 'fraid I ain't a done my duty by 'er, sur, and I be thinkin' as 'ow the poor maid have thought that I was 'ard wi. 'er. I ought to 'ev guarded 'er better, sar, and I ought to ha' bin more tender. She's my own maid's oheeld, she es, and I loved her like my own life when I said cruel things to 'or, I must go weth 'ec, I must bring 'er 'ome ; and then-then the Lord's will be done." " Amos," said Andrew, "if you go with me, I'm afraid it will kill you. "It'll kill me if I dosn't, Mfaster Aun drew," answered the old man. " Why, to think that little Kitty, bearing a burden of sorrow and shsame, should be out on sich a night as this, while her ould granfor was lying warm in bed, would be terrible, No, no, sur, lev me go weth 'cc, lev me help 'eo to find 'er, lov me see 'er sasfo home, and then-well then may the dear Loard teakse me home," Anarew saw there would be no use in trying to dissuade him, so going tp the kitchen he tried to get something to strengthen him for his journey. His land. hIdy had gone to bed, but he knew where the food was kept, so going to the larder he took therefrom a jug of milk and some eggs. These be took with him into his little sitting-room, and pouring the milk in a saucepan and patting it on the fire he began to exerciso his knowledge in cookery. After old Amos had drunk a large dish of hot milk with new-laid eggs beat up in it, he looked far more strong and capable, and .hen having wrapped him up warmly with some of his own clothes, Andrew led him out into the cold and silent night. " We'll go to St. Lerriek first," he said. "If we have a chance, we'll inquire about her on the way; hut I am in hopes that we shall find her in the workhouse there," "We never ashall," said Amos tromu lously. "The maid '11 go further away than that, Come on, sur, come on." But their progress was not great. An drew had to accommodate his steps to those of the old man, who, although he toiled on bravely, was still weak, "We'll stop at Morgan Cross," said Andrew, after they had gone on in sleonca for some time. "Morgan Cross; why ?" asked Amos, "She may have g no by train," " Ah, I dedn'tthink of that; but I doan't bleeve she es." "Whby?, , "She ain't a got no m ney." "Candy may have given her some." "'Ave you seed young Cundy, Mlaster Andrew P" "Yes." "Will 'ee tell me what you said to auoh other I" Andrew told him. "You may call at Morgan Cross and in. quire, Muaster Andrew, but she edn't gone by train." "No F" " She ain't a got no money from we, Manster Andrew, 'cause we ain t a gotnoan ourselves, and she wouldn't take noau from he. She wudden't, sur. She edn't that soart of a maid." They came on to Morgan Cross presently and found the station gates looked, but they roused up the station master. No, he had not seen Kitty Crews. He was certain that she had not been at the station that day. The next station, more over, was more than five miles away, and it was notprobable that she had gone to that. They trudged on again. It was now far past midnight, and the roads were very drear. Still the night was light. The moon sailed high in the heavens while the simy frost reflected its silvery light. Ordinarily Andrew would have enjoyed the walk, but, remembering his mission, and remembering, too, the sorrow of the old manso uncomplainingly trudging on at his side, he could not realize beauty or enjoyment. Often they had to stop and rest ; often Andrew tried to persuade Amos that when they came to St. Lerrick he must go to some place and rest whilehe pursued his search alone. But to this Amos would not tsten. "No. sar, I'll stay weth 'es," he would say," and I bleeve the Lord es goin' to make me useful. lHe tould me to come weth 'ee, sur, and you'll be glad that I've oome, Besides, she's my own maid's cheeld, and I must be the one to find her." It was three o'clock in the morning when they arrived at St. Lerrick,. They did not oexpect to find her on the St. Neot aide of this little town. Andrew hop d that she would call at the St. Lorrick workhouse and spend the night there, but Amos derived no comfort from the thought, " The dear chcold wan't go there," he said sorrowfully. Still he did nothing to hinder Andrew fromoslling to so,and kept on unocm plainingly by his side. And so it came anout that the workhouse. or as the people called it, "the Union" was the place to which he made his way. He had some difficulty in getting a hearing here, but he succeeded at length. Had a girl about eighteen called, a girl fair and patient looking, decently dressed, but evidently in sorrow ? No, such a one had not called. Was, the man suro P Yes, he was sure, for this reason. There was not a single soul in the vagrants' ward, and such as she would be put there, and with this answer the door was shut in his face, Amos heaved a sigh of relief, as they came away from the workhoeso, lHe seemed glad thathis girl was not there ; as for Andrew, he was disappointo l "That knocks hope nvmbcr one on the head," he said. ,' It wasu't no hope of mine," said Amos. @ No ?" "No. I mknawed the dear choeld wudden't go there. Dod 'eo hear what 'a said P "'Thero's nobody in the vagrants' ward,' my maid would never boea vagrant. Why, she's my own maid's cheeld, and brought up to hate such thinga. Weth we down here, Maaster Androw, people wud ruther lie in a pig's house than go in a vagrants' ward. No.no, the cheeld has got too much ov her owld granfer in her for that," Although Andrew had lived in the country for several months, he had not yet realized the innate respectability of the labouring people. True, when they got old they got parish nay, and it wase a terrible thing with tlhem to take it, and worse still when a few of them had to be 9me inmates of the place they aMl hated. Bat they wore brought to a terrible ex tremity firat, As for going to the work- h house s vagrantes, that was too terrible to r, be thought of. For a time the young man hesitated as An to the nert step to take. lie would gladly sl have gone to some place to have rested, F but the great sorrow on the old man's face ti forbade him any rest. In spite of his age, w too, Amos seem endowed with now strength. He did not break down as Andrew thought f he would. is sorrow made him strong, n "Let us go on, Mlaaster Andrew," he n said, "I'm 'fraid the poor maid es out in w the could. And, aw my dear, she'll die ef a] she es." h lie seemed to have little idea as to where at he was going. He trusted everything to so Andrew, only the faoot of his trying to find fe her seemedto ease his aching heart. And of so Andrew went on with him, trying as he hb did so to devise some plan of action, g, Presently he saw a policeman. He he would ask him whether he could give him any information, but the man knew sa nothing. He had only been on duty a few at hours, aend so know nothing, Perhaps he hl might learn something if he went to the st police station I it lay on the outskirts of the toen. And so they made their way to dl the police station, Andrew, stalwart and fi strong, Amos leaning on his arm, bravely at struggling by his side. I' To Andrew there was nothing suggestive If of a poliCO.station in this.quiet little build- .w ing. Usually there was but little occasion he for the polieoo. The chief occupants of the do little place were either poor follows over- lii come by drink, or perchance some one ha brought up for petty thefts. be He found a soegeant of the police, how- th ever, and put some questions to him. But of he soon found that great intelligence was we by no means characteristic of a country no policeman. He was quite free about giving %I the dato when he got hic stripes, but could give ro information that would help the At two tired wayfarers. They werp just on no the point of coming away when a man, a gr constable, entered, be "Bs et a nice, clain-looking maid you di, do main P" he asked, on hearing Andrew's query. "Tes." wi "Well, Bill Blewitt was spaking 'bout one when we mit to- night." "How P Tell me." "Well, Bill Blewitt as the pleeceman over St. Judy. lie's the biggest man in the division. He do stand six foot fewer so in hes stookin's, and can hould up two te fiftysixoes, one in aieh 'and and as saey as be winkin, ha can. Well, he said that he lic seed a maid going on by 'erself, 'bout he 'levrn o'clock on the way to St. Linkin. tic lie spoke to 'er, Bill Blowitt ded, but she be wudden. say nothin'. Bill was goin' to to take 'or up as a vagrant, 'cc was, but she ev tould li se was goin' to some friends," "On the way to St. Linkin-do you known where that is, Amos P' " Iss, iss," answered the old man tremu- wi lously, "come on, come on." "Did she tell bIlewitt nothing but this P" said Andrew, turning to the police. tb man again, ., "Nothin' else, nothin' t'oal. Bill Blewitt as a good-natured chap. He wudd'n 'urt m a worm, he wudd'n. Some policemeit wud 'a her haiprehended I speck." b3 " Come on, 3Maastor Andrew j my dear, et come on,,' murmured the old man. a "Does t.he know any one that way F" a, "No, no, nobody." fu "Do yeo think you can go any farther ea yet t Atr you strong enough P" "Go fLrder! Strong enough Why, he the dear cheoell es out in the could, and fu she do think that she edn't welcome at 'ome. Come on, she may be dyin'. Bless 'er dear heart. Come on, Maaster Andrew, s and may the Loard help me." s "Have you anything to oat here P" said di Andrew, turning to the sergeant. "Can you sell me something to strengthen the old man P'" "I osen't ait nothin'," murmured Amos. wn A. cup of tay P" replied the sergeant. fit "l:ean gve un that and welcome, besides ti a snack ov broad and butter." " Give it to him," said Andrewj "and dc you, Amos, you must have it." It "1IHs looked beseechingly into Androw's eyes, but took it like a child, and after a wv few seconds drank with evident relish, wi By this time it was nearly five o'clock, we and in a little while morning would dawn. Andrew watched Amos, and noted, with w satisfaction, that hi head began to droop so and his eyes to close, A few seconds later lI he was sleeping soundly, "It will do him good," said Andrew to ut the sergeant. "I will let him sleep till tr seven o'clock; by that timeho will be more ready for his journey,", m Before seven o'clock, however, Amos po awoke, and almost angrily asked Andrew do why he had let him sleop, when his poor foe mald might be perishing ; but Andrew re- t, ceived the poor man's rebuke quietly, and th soon after the two went out of the little do town together, " We'm goin' to find her to-day," the wi old man said. "Why do you think o P" o "I doan't know, 'cipt that somothin' tells me so, I feel it. Either livin' or dead, we shall find her." bl " God grant that she may be alive." tr "Amen," said Amos, the tears trickling to down his cheek. They found very little encouragement on their way, however. No one that they th met had seen her, and Andrew began to fear Policeman Bloewitt's story was false, w when they entered the little village of St. Linkin. At house after house tohey in quired whether a young girl had been seen there about midnight, but no one answered dr in the affirmative They wore all in bed at that time, they said, e "Does any one in the village sit up d late?" asked Andrew, Any one who might have a light in the window F" or "Nobody but Detsy Flow." " Who is she P'" "Well," said the wonman of whom the " question mas asked, " sho's mazed, some do zay, and some do zmy that she's awitch. Ba Utt sho's a splendid doctor, she ais. Why, li thor's Tom Ciawl s cheeld. Doctor Lowrie from St. Lorrick, did give 'or up, but th' uc oull Bletsy oured 'or. People do rny that a the chold wlr ill-wished, and that she tO charmed it away. ,Is she an evil woman then P" hi "No, she's quiet enough, ounly she've W got funny ways. Sometimes she do stay Ot up oal night, she do. Th' oull people do zay 'tea to make hell broth, and work charms, but the young people do laugh at hl it, Seem to me the Board School be maken 'em give up oal they things. lnut th'oull BoItsy ea a eure, sho'd know every thing, andt nobody docomo throw Sn Linkin P' without s shscoin" em. Some do zay that k' she casn't never alaip." Amos groaned. 'rhe old nmun was among a those who had not shaken himself free from auperstitione it " Th' ouhl Bill Liddicoat do zay sho've sould hen olf to th'oull Scratch, and es h tryin' to bcit un when he do come for her," h This she ucid in a whisper. Androe dragged Amos on. Hlie easily found old Betsy's cottage-a low, mud- b walled, th.tbohed tenement. They found tho old woman crooning over a pea fire. St. Linkin was near a piece of common b land, where peat could be had in abund- h anco, hence they wore better off than the inhabitants of St. Neat. Andrew asked the old dame if she had seen a young glrl resembling Kitty, and y soon sa that he hed not asked in vain. y "Iso," the old Iwomran said. ", I.wr lookin' out loast nightivhon I hoerd sun bod comb'. It was a poor maid. She wur cryin', and cxed if I could leave her slip 'er., Iseed she was in trouble, and ] I laived 'or, poor ch.eld I've got a grandoheeld 'bout her age. She wentaway 'bout eight o'clo i" , Did she say where sa was going P" y' "I could'n git nothin' out or her. But b she do want friends, and that right bad." I'm 'or grafe?," saidold Amoes, tromu lously. " 1o'n poin' to find 'er; which we t e a ds goSn Whifle. P'raps she 1' o'n git in the Union there. Poor maid I" Evidently the old crony hadn't a bad heart, and both Androw and Amos were 0 relieved to know that the poor girl had n not been out in the cold all the night. 9 Andrew gave the old' woman a couple of Y shillings, and the two trudged on again. For a time the young man was in hopes a that they would soon overtake her, but to ) wards noon old Amos' strength began to I I. give way. The abnormal energy which i t for a time had made him overcome his natural weakness had spent itself, and t e now he was fast becoming incapable of e walking. But he would not yield, and although he clung eagerly, and loaned 5 heavily on his companion's arm, he o struggled on by his side. Houses were D scarce hero, and there was no place of re- f I freshment for miles, and Andrew despaired 1 of getting Amos on, when they saw a farm- t house not far from the road. Here they got some dinner, and again the old man s became eager for his journey. " Lot me try and hire a horse and trap," P said Andrew, but to this Amos would not agree. "It would only hinder the search," 3 he said, and so the young man had still to support the old one. Just after noon snow began to fall; An drew feared greatly its consequences at first, but it proved to be only a shower, f and did not much hinder their progress. a T'hey found out little to help them about r Kitty, however. One manhad seen a young I woman answering to her description, and f Ihe wasn't very sure. Andrew had grave doubts about finding her, while old Amos' o lips often became tremulous, and his eyes o had a despairing look. Presently the light I began to wane. They had walked the last three miles without seeing a single person of whom an inquiry could be made. They n were five miles from St. Whiflin, there was a no chance of getting a conveyance, while 'mos was quite exhausted, t " We'll have to give it up for to-night, I Amos," said Andrew, but the old man said g nothing, he was looking steadily on the s ground, "I think we must try and get a bed at a farmhouse somewhere," but Amos b did not speak. "' What do you see F" asked Andrew, a For reply Amos pointed to the ground, while tears of joy Irickled down his face, t CHAPTER XXIII, WHERB THEY FOUND IIHER, Together they knelt, .. . " And t sobbed out the prayer which the Divine c tenderness uttered for us, and which has been echoed for twenty ages siance by mil- ' lions of sinful and humbled men, And as he spoke the last words of the supplica- I tion, the mother's head fell down on her boy's, and her arms closed round him, and together they repeated the words, ' For ever, and over,' and ' Amen."' o \--TnHACKcsAY. At first Andrew `could not understand what the old man meant, but presently he saw a footprint in the snow. "It's her's I" cried Amos; "she had a they shoes mended jist afore Christmas, I knaw the olout at the toe." 9 "Let us follow quickly then, for light I will soon be gone." They orept slowly on, carefully keeping by the foot-marks, but presently had to stop, they had become so indistinct. For a few seconds Andrew left Amos alone, and walked on by himself, watching care- e fully all the way. When he came back he b said n "Something has happened, Amos, She has not gone towards St. Whifflllo any further; at any rate, there are no marks." But Amos did not answer. His head was bent close to the ground, as if he still I saw something. "She's gone up this lane, Maaster An- g drew,,' he said slowly. " My eyes be sharpor'n yours. Come on." L Andrew looked and found that the old man was correct. The footsteps bore to- a' wards a lane which evidently led to some farm or mill. He opened the gate and the fi two passed in together. The snow was deeper hero, being undisturbed by the 8 wind, thus the tracks were far more clear. b It was well it was so, too, for the light b was failing fast, and before them was a wood through which the road led. " What induced her to come in here, I wonder?" thought Andrew aloud. "She knswd she oudden git ti Sn Whifile to-night," said Amos, " and she seed a house, 1 'pest. Poor deear maid. 1 I hope we'm in time, Maator Andrew." The wood proved to uo one of stubbly undergrowth, with here and there a tall P tree, but the road was good, and the foot marks tolerably plain The wood was perhaps a quarter of a mile long at this point, and before they cami to the end daylight had gone. Still they did not n fear. There was no reason why she should it turn aside from the road, and although they could not trace her, they had no doubt that she had gone to some house to which the road led. g When they got to the end of the wood ti Andrew struck a match and searched for k footprints, but could see none. Thoey walked on a few yards and looked again, but in vain. "Andrew, Mastor Andrew," said Amrs a tremulously, "surely nothin' didn' 'appen to 'er in the 'cod P'" Andrew was silent. " Tcdn' no use goin' on ef we caan't zoo the dear maid's tracks," continued the old man, "Listen." They could hear nothing. d "I thought 1 heard a moan," said An drew, "hark-thoro it is again I" "Es et the pore maid dyin', I wonder P" said Amos with quavering voice. "It comes from the valley," said An drew, "perhaps it's not she. May be it's only some cattle in a shed." " I.ev us go and see," said Amos eagerly, "Yea, there it is again," said Andrew, P "oomos on." He Hjumped over the fence as he spoke, 0 and found his way across a meadow, wrhen he stopped and looked around him, Yes, close by him was a shed, evidently used as a sort of cattle house. It was in a sheltered place, too, and evidently in tended for a kind of refuge in hard weather. lie made his way towards it, hbearing another moanu as he did so. Ho was not long in reaching the house, and . on entering spoke in a wrhispor. "Is any one here ?" Ihe asked. There was no answer, but he thought he heard a movement among the straw. " Kitty. is that you 1" The only reply was a smothered sob. "Telol me, Kitty, is that you P" he re- 1 a poseted. "I am Andrew Fairfax. You 1 Sknow m.0." I Still no reply, save a trenmbling noise amidst the straw. Andrew struck another match, and in ' its light saw the prostrate form of a woman. He hold it close. Yes, it was Kitty's face. She had dragged herself hero--porhaps to die. " Kitty, my girl,"said Andrew, " Kitty." "Oraafer doan't knaw, do'a. Don't toll granfer." "Why P" " ve disgraced uno. e'll never hould p phes 'ead again. Idedn' want-I cudden \- hair t soee the look of pain on hea face, so o -I-I come away, He woan't mind now I'm gone." d "Your grandfather is longing to soee d you homo. His heart is breaking to soee you." r Thoe light went out. "Doan't hght no more matches. People Smight find out. There's a mill jist a little r way up, You bean't tellin' me the trnuth. d He must hate me, l'm sure." "He loves you more than ever. lie Swants you to come honme. Your grand. meother, too, is breaking her heart because you'voe gone away, Come homoe. All will Sbe well," "I darn't, You don't know. I-I-" "Come home, Kitty." 1 h ( N0, no. I--" " Kitty, my darlin'," said Amos, "s et a you, my little maid ?" "Who's.thatP": 6d "'Tea yer lovin' ould granfer, my door to Doan't mind nothin', my little maid. Lei ed overybody and everything do their worst It. I doan't mind now I've found 'eo." of " But, granter, I've disgraced 'co, 1'v( a, -that is, I left home, granfor--" os "Never mind, my little maid, conic o- 'ome. Thy ould granny hey got the littk to room you've allays slaipod in oal tidy and h spruce." is "I mained to make et oal right. I that d that he-he wud-take me to church-he of said he wud, but-" d " Neveo mind, my bootiful little maid," d murmured the old man; " come 'ome to o thy ould granny." o The girl rose from the hay, and laid her ;. face on his withered cheek. d " I come away to die, she said, "I i. thought, I'hoped I shud. 'Twas terrible y wisht lyin' oal 'lone, but I dedn' want for n anybody-to--" "Never mind, my darlin', come'ome wi' me. Here's bIaaster Andrew,--" he looked tt around the shed, as it expecting to see the young man. But he was gone. With o rapid steps, lie had founa his way towards the mill, leaving them alone. " I wade' 'fraid to die," she went on t " at least not after a bit-- thought at r, first that everything wuas black, an' it i. seemed as of there wus some evil things t round me, but it oal went after a bit, and I wads' 'fraid. But, grantor, I seem so far d from home." e "Can 'co walk, my bootiful P" asked the ,' old man, tenderly. "Andrew 'll hould'ee s one side, and yer ould granter the other. t We ncud nearly car 'cc " t "Not far, gronfer. I cuddon walk far." a "What shall us doP" moaned the old y man. "Whore's Manstor Andrew, I wonder P Furely 'ee odn' gone fur I" o " I'm cold, granfor, very cold. Do 'eo think I shall die, granfer P I doan't mind. H, e doan't love me no longer, an'-." The I girl hid her face in her grandfather's o shoulder again. a "Hark I" cried Amos, "there's some s body a-comin'." "This way, hero," he heard some one say. I, "That's Maseter Andrew's voice," cried the old man. "I wonder now-I wondec now-??--" Andrew came up panting. "The mill is close by," ho said. "They are kind people, there. Kitty can stay a there if she will. Or they will lend us a e covered spring cart." "Thank the Loard," said Amos, for vently. " What will 'eo do, my darlin' P" " Graner, do'co forgive me P" oriedthe girl, tremulously. r 'Forgive 'ca, my bootiful maid ." mur d mured the old man. " Bless the Loard, r He've took away every bit of 'ardness out ov my heart," "You doan't mind P" "I doan't mind nothin,' of I can 'ave a'o a00 e, my darlin'. We'll manage, never fear." "Then, granfr, I'd rather go 'ome d and- die there," said the poor girl. " Bless the Loard," cried the old man, almost joyfully; "but ain 'oe bear the t journey, my little maid P" "I can bear anything now, granter." Andrew rushed away again, and a few o minutes later they heard the sound of horses' hoofs and of wheels. They mlde the miller's covered cart comfortable and warm. Andrew borrowed bed-clothes and pillows, and in a few minutes the poor girl was seated therein, with her head leaning against her grand father's shoulder. "I knawed I shuld find 'or," exclaimed the old man. joyfully; "I tould 'co so, 1 Master Andrew. You wudden'ave found her but for me. Bless the Loard for His goodness, I've got 'or safe. An' you, Ma astLr Andrew, aye, my decor booy, the Loard '11 reward 'co." They started the journey home, Andrew seated on the seat outside with the miller, while Amos and Kitty were within away from the wind and cold, For a time they rode on in silence, the miller evidently do siring to say something. He hitched and twisted about a good deal, as if in pain to bring forth the thoughts in his mind. "'Latimns of yours F" he said at length. jerking his head towards Amos and Kitty, " No," replied Andrew. "The maid yer sweetheart, I spoase F" "No," "AliAh-but-but you be a town's ohap, bean't'co '" " Yes." " Ah," and he looked at Andrew suse. 1 pioiously, and was silent for five minutes. Then he said " I had a token." ShA token P" S"lea, a token. I wadn' for takin' no noatice, but Jinnifor would. She wud'ave it that somebody was a.gomn' to die. 'Tes explained now." " How ?" " Tokens allays come when snmmin es going to 'appon. A bird fluttered three times 'gainst our winder laast night, so I knaw'd summin was comin'. 'Tes this maid. Sho'll die." " HuBsh, they'll hear you," "All right, but perhaps she wean't, It may not be a grey dove that fluttered 'ginst the winder. "What do you mean P" "Well, when a grey dove do come, and Sflutter, it do main a token of death, while 1 if 'tes a splicketty (spotted) dove, it may main other things, sich as a fortin', or a cow, or-well, lots o' things. A spicketty dove comed to my winder the night afore I wur married, and again afore our Hosoea wur b.rn, he did, as sure as l'm caUed SZacky Cowlin'." It was a weary journey to St. Neot, to Androw a painful one, for often he heard SKitty sobbing and Amos trying to comfort her, but the miller kept on talking through it all, evidently desirous to im prove Andrew's education. At St. Lerriok Andrew left the cart, and called at the doctor's house, after which he Swalked beside the carrb, for he was cramped ard cold. He would have gone on ahead, for he could go faster than the ambling a horse, buit le wanted to be near, lest Kitty should need help that Amos could not give her. When they arrived at St. Neot village, however, and seeing that Kitty seemed all right, he ran towards old Amos' sottage, in order to propare for their coming. By this time it was broad daylight, in t deed, far into the foronoon, but they were not nIoticed, for which the young man was glad. He found poor old Sally sitting be. fore the fire, rooking to and fro. Two nights had her husband been away from her, and she know not where he was, and this, added to her anxiety about Kitty, Shad completely crushed her. She looked up at Andrew's entrance Swith a look of beseeching in her eyes, "Maaster Andrew P" she said. "It's all well." If "Kitty P" "Both Amos and Kitty will soon be , hero." "Praise the Loeard for oal His maroies," she cried, the tears trickling down her cheeks, Ad few minutes later the cart doew upin n front of the cottage. CHAP'TIE XXIV. MIAN AND WIFe, "So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still Will lead me on, a O'er moor and feon, o'er orag and torrent, Is till i The night is gone. Then with the morn those angel voices re Wilc 1 Which I have loved long sineoo, and lost awhile. 11 -NawaS.N, Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Neot. He found thai Miss Lozaesnt had been true to her word The villagers all rejoloed at having nooes. eary food, while work had been found foi the most necessitous until they could re turn to their ordinary avocations. IHe was greatly rejoiced that this was the case, for he felt himself unable to do any more. It was now three days since he had had any proper rest, so finding his way to his lodgings, he threw himself on his bed in order to got some sorely-needed rest. When he awoke he heard some one knocking at his bedroom door. He found that it was broad daylight too, and for a time he could hardly realise his where. abouts. " Mr Fairfax, Mr Fairfax," said his landlady. "Yes, all-right. Have I slept long P" "Ever since yesterday noon." "Anything the matter P" "Amos Crows wants you." "Amos; oh, all right. I'll be down soon." l'e hurried downstairs, and found the old man waiting anxiously. "Will 'oe come up to our 'ouse, Masteor Androw P" he said, tremulously. "Anything the matter P" "The deear maid do want to see 'eo, surr." Andrew quickly ate the breakfast that was prepared for him, and wont on by Amos' side. The old man did not speak, but he looked in the direction of his cot tage, and there was a dreamy far'away expreossion in his eyes. "Is Kitty well enough to seemo P" asked Andrew, as they came up to the cottage. "She's waitin' for 'oo, sur, waitin' for 'ea." Silently Andrew followed him into the room where the young girl lay. She looked very pale, very fragile. " You wanted to see me, Kitty," he said, gently. "I'm goin' to die, Maastor Fairfax. l'm goin' to die." "Deon't say that," replied the young man. She shook her head. "I know," she said, "1 know. Do you think I would have asked you hero else ?" and a flush came on her pale cheek. " But l'm not afraid to die, no, not a bit." "Bless the Loard," said Amos, fer vently, "she's one of the Loard's dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell 'ec the golden gates of 'eaven will be opened wide for she." "I believe they will," replied Andrew. " I've no fear," said the girl, "no fear. At first I thought there could be no hope for such as me, and then I seepued to see Jesus speakin' to Mary. And I seoomed to hear Him say, * Yer dranfer haveforgiven you, and I love you a thousand times more than he. I came to die for you.' I've had no fear since, for I seem as though I've been rostin' with Him." For a minute there was a silence, then she went on : "But-but--I want to be his--his wife afare I go. I've no name, you know, and I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go," and she looked up into his eyes with a besoeching look. Andrew saw what she meant. "If it can be, it shall be," he said. lie went away without a word more, and hurried across the field towards Tre vadlok. IIoe was not long in finding the young farmer, and without hesitation he told his story, "You main that I must marry her?" said young Sim. "Just that." " But what will Miss Martin say P" "Cundy," said Andrew, "you must do this. You've killed her, killed her as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with a knife, and now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl is your wife in reality, you lpust make her so in the eyes of the law." For the first time he seemed to realise what he had doro. Hitherto, he had seemed only afraid of consequences, caring nothing for the sin itself i now, for a minute, he scemed to see himself as he was. "She loves you," wonton Andrew, "she was ready to sacrifice everything for you. BDo man, Cundy i do what you can now." "Is it possibleP" he said at length. "Can we be married out ov church P" "I will arrange everything," said An. drew, "if yeaou will be a man." Foe a minuto the young farmer stood as if fighting with a great temptation, then he burst out passionately : "No, by heavens ; you shall not do it, L'Il dolt. I only love she-my Kitty. I'll go and spaik to the passeon, and everything. Colue weth me-come !" There was a new light in the young farmer's eyes, as he took hold of Andrew's arm. "Wmhere are you going P" asked An drew. " Goin' to Kitty." He spoke no other word till they reached the cottage, where, they met Amos. The old man's eyes flashed dangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer. " What do 'ee want hero P" he asked, "I want Kitty, I want to see my wife." For a miunto the old man seemed stunned, then he led the way to Kitty's room. The two entered together, and Kitty looked up with joy in her eyes. SLeave us alone," he said to Amos. "I want to be with my wife." There was new strength, now power in his voice, and wonderingly Amos obeyed. "Have you left them alone together P" asked Andrew. "Yea, and 'ero's mother, she's come away too," and Amos turned towards his wife, In shabout a quarter of an hour young Silm camne back, "Come with me," ho said to Andrew, 'and see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me seem like a devil. Uint never mind, I can be a man as well as you. Kitty's my wife, do you hear P Tell overybody that I said so. My wifo! I'm goin' to the passon now. I want to ar range overything so that he can comoe and marry us. Do you sea P I want to make haste I Kitty may--mnay - come on, quick 1" The two hurried to the rectory, and were sooe closeted with the clergyman. Young Simutold his story, told it as though he were anxious that all evil should be laid on him. "1 want'eo to marry us, Pasen Childs," he said i "she es my wife, but I want oal the world to know it." The clergyman spoke of the irrogilarity of the proceeding. "'l'hat's nothing to mo. This Fairfax says it can be done. You must conie and do it. Do you hear P l'm going to make overy arrangeoment, and as soon as pos siblo I'll lot 'eo know." Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed and her eyoes flashed strangely. Parson Childs was there too, and Andrew, and young Sim, and the doctor. "Is all ready and right P" said the young farmer to the clergyman, " Yes, yes, I believe that-" "That'll do. Now, Fairfax, you shall seeoo that I'm a man as good as you. 1 love Kitty; she's mny wife. l'm going to mnake her so by law. -Pasaen, are you ready P" They eatered the bedroom. Kitty lay psuting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in her eyes. She Swatched Sim's face with an anxious ex pression, and thau, when he came to her side, oho took his hand and caressed it fondly. They arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergynman opened his book. I "Granfer, granny," said Kitty, "I should like to have the3-tho eaorament before I-" " Have you bread and wine P" said the clergyman ; " if so, it can he administered at once," "Macstor Andrew brought some wine I laast night," aid the old woman with quivering voice, while Sim looked angrily at Andrew, as though he loathed the thought of his doing anything which he himself ought to have done. The wine w0s brought into the room, and poured into a cup. "If there were time, we might havehad the sacrament cup from the church," said the clergyman, as he prepared to ad minister the sacred rite. "Let granfer give it me," said Kitty, tremulously. "It would seem better from him." The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos' face checked him. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heelless of the rector's presence, he fell on his knees. "Let us pray," he said. There was a wondrous power in his voice, as though One mightier than he spoke through him, and in spite of every thing the old priest knelt with the rest. "Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering accents, "Thou knowest that one of Thy little children hvey come back to Thy great heart. The doctor do say that we caan't keep her hero, Loard, and so we come to Thee in this way. Thou didst come among us to toll us of Thy love, and to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and so we know that this sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us sll from sin-help us to forgive-even our enemies. Ay, they who've wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, Thy will be done." They rose from their knees, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but rever ently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. "I know the dear Loard do forgive me," she said, "for I love Him so, and I have such peace at my heart," Several times the reotor seemed about to protest, but was unable, A hallowed presence pervaded the room. A Power was there "hioh forbade priestly assump tion and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of things, and saw that re ligion was of the Spirit and not of form. " And now," said Amos, "will you do your work, Master Childs P" The rootor opened his book again while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly 'the old clergyman read the service, firmly and steadily did young Simr make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law, 'Simeon Cundy, wilt thou have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife P" "[I will," "Kitty Crows, wilt thou have this man to be thy lawful wedded husband "I will," Young Sim placed the ring on her I finger, while a wan smile crept over her I face. " .. In the name of the Father, Son, I and Holy Ghost, I pronounce you man and wife ; whom God hath joined together I lot no man put asunder." " Parson, are we married now, are we P" " In the eyes of God, yes; but you must sign the-" "Bring them hero, quick." The books were brought, and each I signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. " Are we married now P" asked the young I farmer again. " Yes." SIn the eyes of the law P" "In the eyes of the law." "Do you hear that, Kitty ? You are mine in the eyes of the law," She looked up at him with a glad smile, I " My husband," she said, softly, She lay back on the pillows, while a great change came over her. A film crept I over her eyes, " Help," cried Sim, "her hands be e gittin' cold." . 1 The doctor came near, and shook his head. "She is going fast," he said; "the un natural strength which she possessed is gone, and now she.will go out like a spark." "She mustn't," cried the young farmer. '"Sho's my wife, do you hear, my wifel Look up, Kitty, my darlin'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Cundy." But Kitty spoke not, while her eyes closed. All stood silently around by the bed side and watched the dying girl. Pre sently she looked up again, while her hands pressed those of her husband. " Will you kneel and say ' Our Father ' with me P" she said to Sim. The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like a child. " I always loved you, Kitty," he mur mured, "only you." She did not reply save by a wan smile, and then began the Lord's Prayor Word by word they repeated it together until they came to the worde, " As we for give them that trespass against us," then C she stopped. " Whom God bath joined tozether let no i man put asunder," sne murmured, " nd we are- P" "Man and wife," said Sim, huskily. "For oves and ever P" she murmured. "For ever and ever, so help me, God." Her mouth moved as if she said Amoen, but they heard no words. For a minute they thought she had gone but the lifo was not yet extinct, The lips still quivered, the breath still came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look in her eyes. "You are not disgraced," she said, look ing towards her grandparents, "I am his wife," Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces while Sim said, huskily " Yes, my God, my wife." " For ever and over," she murmured, as if in a dream ; then a shiver passed through her frame-and they know that all was over, Old Amos looked atthe osweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward. "L'rd, now lettest thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation," he said, solemnly, when one by one they loft the roomn, leaving the man and wife toegether. (eo is costlinucd.) First Dramatic Roporter--"Say, did you hear that sensation about Mine, Prima donna's dlamondsl " Becond Beportor 'Whatl I Are they stolen againn'" First Reporter-" No ; they're real" Sho--"Thore is a wonderful fascination about the stars ; don't you think so l" He "'Indeed there is." She-"I've forgotten most of my astronomy, though. That, I be. lieve, is Venus ; bnt which is Adonis " Whenever the piano ceased There was a great furoro, And thooo who understand it least Were loudest to encoreo, Mr Wiokwiro--" What is that woman acrose the way trying to sing P" Mrs Wloik. wire-"' My Swocthcart's the Man in the Moon.'" Mr Wickwtre-" Well, if he don't hear her, it isn't her fault." Mrs Faudgeo--"Oh, yes, you laugh at women as shoppers; but I'll bet, if I bought your cigars, your smaoking bill would be a good deal smaller than it is now." Mr Fudge -"I haven't the least doubt of it." Dora-" Is that new waist you are having made a creationof your own?~ Cora-" Yes. I am going to call it the new navy design." Dora-" What for ?" Oora--" Because I expect it to be so well armed," "So yon say Professor Gaullns expressed a great deal of interest in me," said Miss Iasscelgh, with a little flutter, "He seems like a very distingulshed man." " Yes," re. plied Mises Outtlngs, "he is a celebrated antiquarian." "If I had an "ad" at the top of that column," murmured the advertising agent to himself as he gazed admiringly at the Monu ment,e I wouldn't care whether it was next to pure reading matter or not." Lady (exsamining written characteor of applicant for situeation as cook)-" But this is not at all satlsfactory as to your cooklng capacity, Can you cook " Cook-" Wel ma'am, if that paper don't satisfy you on that point, ask my policman," 