CHAPTER III. AFTER A NIGHT OF STORM. It is morning once more on the noble river, and the bright, wintry sun is sending his level beams over and along the waters of the German Ocean, and flooding with a golden glory the white walls that engirdle the forts on the Isle of May. The storm of the previous night is past, and the smiling waves now ripple gently under the piles at Leith pier ; and, hurrying up past Granton, sob and mutter against its old sea walls as if mourning their recent display of mad passion. Peaceful and still as the rocks that frown over the tide from the Fife shore, the brave old Tra- falgar rides at her moorings far out, and her pennon barely catches enough wind to lift it out from the mast. Far up near Queensferry a white-winged ship is speeding down to the sea, and a tiny yacht is crossing her path on the way from Blackness to the little harbour in front of the castle of Lord Murray. It is an enchanting scene this, and a lovely bracing morning for the first day of the year, but all its glories are not yet unfolded in the broad eye of day. When the great luminary rises yet higher its beams will light up the dark forests of Kilalloe, and tint with orange and green the beauteous grottos of Aberdour ; and the verdant slopes of the fertile Lothians will smile back over the estuary on the majestic, wooded hills of Fife. Even now "Green Inchkeith" has caught the halo of the morn, and its tiny form gleams out like an emerald set in the heart of the classic river. The old ruinous fort looms up grim and romantic from its highest bluff like a tireless sentinel guarding either channel, and the green hummocky patch of land stretches out from its base, as it has done since the days when gallant Ruthven marshalled his hardy crossbow men there and hurled defiance —and cloth-yard, shafts—at the southern invader. There is no outward sign of the awful horrors of the past night from the fairy islet, and the waves now ripple as calmly there as they do on the sheltered strand of ancient Crail. An eggshell might now safely navigate the narrow and dan- gerous passage of "Ruthven's Channel," and so calm is the miniature bay inside that, with a good firm frost, its surface might become an unap- proachable curling pond for the picnicing tourists of Edinburgh. There are no horrible phantoms visible on the islet this morning, nor do any of last night's hellish brood linger on the battlements or lurk in the shadows by the western tower. Of course they do not! The bright day has been too much for them, and, with its advent, they have fled away back to the gloomy vaults and caverns of the old keep, nor will they again dare to face the upper world till mid- night shadows enfold the world. But, ah me ! Terrible indeed has their vengeance of the past night been, and sad will be the hearts of two anxious widows in Crail when they find that their loved husbands are no more. Poor Saundy Kinloch ! Unfortunate Thomas Wilson ! Doubtless long ere this your battered forms are drifting out into the wide German ocean, or are being made the sport—and the morning meal—of the finny tribes of the Firth of Forth. Yonder, by the steps, lies the old Polly wobble, but never again will she re- spond to your movement of her helm, unfortunate Saundy, and never again, Tom Wilson, will you sheet home yon tattered sail—yet stay! not a "tattered sail" now by any means, but patched and mended in every part, and swinging to dry on the boom. What miracle is this, too? The tall mast—the mast that went overboard in the storm is again stepped, and the old boat appears to have had a thorough overhaul, and now rides in the basin, seemingly ready for sea. We are just about to go a little closer—to investigate, as it were when a strangely familiar voice falls on our ear, and we pause to listen, our heart beating about 120 to the minute, with glad surprise "Saundy ! Ho, Saundy !" "Hello!" "Fesh doon ma Jemmy John ; yours is in the boat here ahint ane o' the muckle kists. I'm a' ready tae 'cast off' when you are." "Comin' ! comin' !" now shouts the answering voice, and then Saundy Kinloch—aye, jist Saundy, nae ither—appears on the shore, carrying on his shoulder Tam Wilson's demijohn of whiskey. Then Wilson, also, makes his appearance from behind the folds of the big sail, the spirits are taken on board, and the last comer casts loose the painter, pitches it aboard, and follows it himself. The great sail falls out of the clew, and, before the united efforts of the two wonderful men, it is soon sheeted home, when the craft begins to at once heel over and glide out into the open water. Oh, wonders past comprehension ! Mystery, most profound, by what happy combination of circum- stances has this thing been brought about ? Are those the men who dared the wrath of that goblin crew only a few short hours ago, and whose battered bodies we saw pitched into the stormy river by the ghosts of the Inchkeith Rock ? Yes, they are indeed the same men, and they now carry away with them the pirates' gold ; yet how have all these wonders been accomplished ? Ha ! Our enchanted wings and invisible cloak ! We will away on board yonder boat, and, by listening to their talk, will from their own lips learn the history of this mystery. Hush ! Wilson ís speaking— "There! She's weel clear o' the island noo, Saundy, an' the prize is a' oor ain—an' heevins sic a prize, too. Let me get that hauf-empty 'jemmy-john' o' mine, till we drink the verra gude health o' Paul Jones and his ugly pirate crew." "I'm wi' yo in that, Tummas, Fill up the jam tins to the mouths ; after this day we'll drink only oot o' vessels o' pure gowd and silver. Here's yer health an' a Happy Noo 'Ear, and confusion an' disappointment to the hoblin' goblins o' Inchkeith." "Richt ye are Saundy—same to yersel'. Loard, didna we get roond the de'il's imps nicely. They thocht they had us feenished when they whum melled us over the cliffs. He ! he ! They didna ken we baith had cauls." [The "caul" is a thin membrane of skin which some children have on their heads at birth. Removed and preserved, it is held in Scotland to be a safeguard to the wearer against death by drowning.] "Ho, ho, ho ! He, he ! Ha, ha, ha !" laughed Kinloch uproariously. "S'elp me Goad, I floated an' was back mendin' the auld boat here afore the deevils had got back their wind after the fecht." "Here, here; So did I !" gloated Wilson, "ye was ashore first, but I went after an' brought in the driftin' mast, ye ken." " Ye did, that, Tam ! Aye faith, conshins, did ye—an' it was rale thochtfae o' ye tae ; but what was I daun the time ye was steppin' it, and gett in' ready the Pollywobble ?" "Oh, hech ! Oh, Loard ! Dinna gar me split me sides wi' laughin', Saundy," howled Wilson. "What was ye daun ? Haith, ye was jist hawkin' up Paul Jones's traisure, and carryin' it doon in bags tae the boat. That's what ye was daun, an' ye deevil, ye wasna satisfied tae ye got the kists (chests) doon here also, an' packed it a' into them. "There's an awfae lot o' siller in thae kists, Saundy." "Millions o' thousands, Tam." "Pity it's such an accursed, ill-gotten hoard. I hope we may hae nae cause to regret taakin' it, Saundy." "I'm wullin' tae rin the risk o' that, ony way, Tam." "Oh, so am I ; dinna maak ony mistaak aboot that Saundy. Ma auld wife 'll rattle in her sulks before this time the morn." "So wull Pegg, an' hae a braw hoose in Embro' (Edinburgh), an' a—I say, Tam ! We'll gie the Pollywobble an' a' oor nets to puir auld Wully Nesbit?" "My word ! Wi' a' my heart, I'm sure, Saundy. I'll also build a nice kirk and manse for Mr. Robin- son. The puir old meenister is deservin' o' 't." "Bless yer gude hert, Tam. I'll back ye up tae mo last meelion, an' forbye, I'll put up a schule for the faitherless an' destitoot bairns o' Crail. Hurrah, Tam ! We'll help the orphan and the needy, an' by these means wash away the red stains off Paul Jones's treasure. Ho for Crail ! Haul taut the fore sheet, auld friend, trim the boxes mair to the centre. Awa' ! Let's awa' from the gruesome isle, tae begin the New Year with health, wealth, good intentions, and happiness. We'll comfort many desolate homes this night wi' 'The Pirate's Gold.'" [the end.] 