STEAWS. CUAPTEB I. la the year Eighteeu-hundred-and thirty there stood, near Highgnte, a lone, dilapidated cottage, whose little garden, stretching to the main road, was overrun with grass of ldlo growth, and foul weeds. Tho railings before and around this dreary dwelling were broken and decayed, and the ontiro place presented the appearance of utter gloom and desolation. Scarcely a whole pane of glass remained to keep the wind and rain from beating through the shaking, rattling case ments ; and the door of tho hovel, all . shattered, and almost hingeless as it ?was, shook and groaned as tho wintor blast wont whistling by. ; Within a room in this sad abodo r—if such a ruin can be called an abodo —-on Christmas Evo there wero scatod two persons—a young man, and a | still youuger woman. She was scarcely past hor girlhood, but steeped in tho depths of misery. But despite tho ragged shawl hanging about hor thin shoulders, sho looked like ono of gontlo birth and gentle breeding; and her faco, though it was pale and pinched by caro and want, etill restainod that pretty, feminino, delicato expression, which was its greatest charm. Ilor companion, who was also clad in threadbare garments, had not yet reckoned moro than four , aud- twonty summers; yet any one, J \ seeing him thus, with neglected beard ' and haggard cheoks, might havo sup posed that ho had passed his thirtieth year of life. Tho interior of tho cottago into which we now introduce our reader presonts a sorrowful picture of squalid wretchedness and meagro want. Tho flooring in many places is broken—the plaster hangs loosely from tho damp walls—while frag ments of tho constantly-dropping ceiling crunch beneath every footfall. Here tho air is heavy and mouldy, like that of a charnel-house, aud noisome vermin, tho frequenters of dark and loathsome places, are crawling in and about tho dark and slimy corners of tho building. Of furniture thcro is not a single article, unless a couple of stools, and an old tea-chest raised on a few bricks—tho latter performing the office of a table—can bo termed euch. Take a glance at the top of the tea-chest, and mark what you seo ihercon. There was a few crumbs of bread —the romnius of tho last poor meal; a crape mask ; and, stuck in tho neck of a black bbttle, a tallow candle is foebly glimmering. "We havo said that it was Christmas Eve, and a cold, bitter ovo it was. Cutting and keen blew tho freezing blast, as it whistled through tho holes in tho casements of tho solitary shelter. There was not an atom of fuol in the grate over which the shivering woman was hanging, pressing her puny, 'wailing infant closer and closer to hor aching breast, endeavouring to give it the warmth and nourishment its ailing state required. In vain—in vain, poor mother! Thy bosom'B fount is dried up, and thy chilled frame can give no warmth to thy starving little ono 1 " Hush, Annie!" cvicd the young man, in a fretful tone, at hearing his companion's moans. " Your sighs aro fairly breaking my heart to pieces!" "I cannot help my sighs, dear Howard," replied she; "indeed, indeed, I cannot, for thuy will burst forth whenever I hear doar baby cry." Tho young man Btarted up and paced tho floor to and fro with hasty, angry footstops; and the A'eary woman drooped her head ovor hor siclc charge, and resumed her swaying, soothing motion. All at onco tho former paused; then after listening for a fow seconds, ho hastened to tho door, at which ho stood for somo timo, his ear bent to catch each sound, apparently in anxious expectation of somo impor tant visitor. " Surely it's near tho hour!" ho muttorcd in a low tme. "What did you say, Howard?" asked tho youthful mothor, her faco filled with alarm. "Nothing, nothing, Anuio!" returned ho, loaving the door, and again seating himsolf opposite to his companion. , There now ensued a lengthened pauso, broken only by tho infant's low wail, and its nurse's sweot, but mournful, lullaby. ? " What's lifo worth whon wo cau not command for it oven common necessaries P" Howard asked, sud denly breaking the, painful silence Which had fallen upon them. ' She looked up and sighed doeply. 'I repeat it,' cried he, in bittor ascents, —'I repeat it; what's lifo worth, whon niglit and day, day and night, you have to struggle to keop it in your body?' " Oh, hush, dear Howard ? " ex claimed tho gontle, but sufforiiig woman. " Surely, it is wicked thus to complain at our lot, wretched though it bo. Lot us wait patiently, and pray that heavon will quickly send us succour.' ' Bah! . I havo uttered prayers until I am tired! And what havo tho prayers brought mo and those who depend upon me, but absolute starvation? Ilouceforth I shall holp mysolf, trusting only to my strong hands, and my. stronger will, for all thb'daily wants of myself and those I love.' Tho young wife shuddered, aud ho went .011 in a sneering, reckless manner. 'After tins day, I am resolved that wo know no moro want, Annie; for while "tliero is monoy in tho pockets and. coffers of tho rich I will help mysolf to a all aro of it! Ay, ay, I'll help mysolf, and pray no moro.' ' What mean you, Howard?' cried she; startled at hia words and manner. ' There, thore, Annie, it's no use, giving mc that mournful look—it's no uso shodding tears either; for neither looks nor tears will bring us tho nourishment wo hunger for.' .. ~ .'; 'I kuow it—l know it!' moaned; sho, burying'her faco amid hor baby's garments, and sobbing violently. ' But, useless as I know my tears to ; bo, they will still gush forth to blind and choke mo!' 'Dry them up—dry them up, and strive to think as /.think'!' said her husband, in a hard tone —a tono which belied the tender feoling3 of his loving nature, but which ho usod in order to conceal his mental anguish. She mado him no reply; she only clasped her infaut.clo?or and closer, while her silent tears fell as tho rain falls ? when the thunder is travelling above.' '.. . '"Wo aro homeless, Ancie, are we not?' ho resumed, glancing around with a dark scowl on his handsome countenance. ' Not quito so, dear husband,' returned she. '"We havo still a sholter.' ' Call you this a shelter?' exclaimed ho. 'Whyjthe beasts of the field havo a better covor to thoir heads, a safor refuge from .the winter's storm thau toe have !' ' True,' rejoined sho, checking the rising sob. | ' Wo are likewise penniless Annie.' ' Yes, Howard.' 'Penniless and houseless!' spoke I he, with a sarcastic laugh, and a half mutterod imprecation. ' Oh, Howard, don't lot mc hoar you laugh thus—dou't, don't!' 'Why?' 'Thore is no joy iv such a laugh ; it sounds like mockery; like the rejoicing laughtor of fiends!' sho added, shivering moro violently, and coveriug her faco with her trembling hand. ' And no wonder that it would sound so, after thogriofs and madden ing trials I have gono through!' ho said, with a groan ' Lot us bo patient a little while longer, dear Howard,' Annio pleaded in a meek voice. ' Patient!' ochood he, passionately. 'Patient!' ho repeated, wildly striking his head with his clenched hauds. ' Groat hoaven! she bids mo to bo patient; sho, she, who is even now holding a starving infant to her breast!'. * Don't, don't say she is starving, Howard !' sho half shrieked, gathering her buudlo of lovo up to her pale faco, and smothering it with tender kisses. ' Bread!' ho broke forth; ' bread canuot be bought without money, cauit?' ' No,' cried she. 'Well, wo haven't a crust, no, not half a crust!' 1 1 know it, Howard,' was the calm but despairing rejoinder. ' Aud is thero no terror for you in that knowledge?' Howard askod, amazed at her manner. ' Oh, yes, yes, much, I fear!' 'Then listen to mo,' spoke Howard, firmly, yet, with certain recklessness in his ascents. ' Wo cannot possiblo live ou air, can we ?' ' Oh, Howaad, do uot spoak in such jesting tone; with miseries like ours staring us iv tho faco, it is Burely cruel to do so!' 'Indeed, dearest, I am not in a jesting humour —far, vory far, from it! But I was about to say that aa food cannot bo procured without money, I havo resolved upon immedi ately getting some.' ' You have resolved upon getting monoy?' ropoated she, slowly and distinctly, at a loss to catch the mean ing of her husband's words. ' Yes.' 'How?! ' By fair aud upright ways, I have striven to oaru tho means ot obtaining our daily bread ; havo I not ?' ' You have—you have!' 'Aud hitherto I have failed in all my attempts at gaining an honest livelihood. Sho was silont. 'Very well. Such being the case, what is loft for mc to do in this strait of cireumstnnccs but to starve or rob ?' ' Hob !' burst forth A.nnio: ' oh, Howard, Howard!' ' Rob, I repeat it!' returned ho; ' this night I shall lay my two strong hands on that which will commaud for us the common nourishment our wants requite.' ' Oh, no, no!' cried sho; ' I would rather die, dio with my litto one, thau purchaso food at tho price of honour and peace!' ' 'Pshaw ! that is a woman's cry,' re turned he with a laugh. ' Honour and poaco, forsooth ! ' ho ropcatod, jcor ingly. ' Pino words, vory fine words, indeed, aud at tho present moment boyond my simple comin'ohonsion.' ' Por tho lovo of heaven, Howard, pauso boforo you take those fearful stops, which can never bo retraced. Shun, shun the evil companionship of the mau you cull do Foix; ho is lead ing you into orror, it may bo to de struction aud death.' ' Death !' echoed Howard, with a shudder. ' Ay, to death! ' confirmed tho young wifo, in a prophetic, warning tono. Ho sat for somo moments as if transfixed. ' What is do Foix? ' domanded sho. 'A highwayman !' ejaculated she. ' Great hoaven gunrd us ? ' she added, soloiuuly. 'You appoar shockod, Annie,' spoko Howard, coldly and abruptly. 'And well I may bo so, whon I re flect that that highwayman is my husband's associate aud friend —that ho is steoped in crime, an outlaw, with a prico sot upon his head, aud ' ' Steopod in crime!' interrupted ho. ' Thcro's no crimo iv a starving mau assisting himsolf to a littlo of the overplus of the rich!' ? Do not say that, Howard—do not ! say that!' cried she, starting up in an attitude of empassioned entreaty.. ' Longuo no longer with this do Foix, but go to your father, and appeal to him once more.' 'Nover more, Annie—never more will I go near that most unnatural parent! " Howard broke forth, in au vehement tone.' ' Do not breathe his name to mc again,' proceeded he, in great excitement. ' Don't don't! for my brain is hot as fire ? ' And, break- j ing off suddenly, he fell down upon his knees, buried his face in his hands, j aud wept aloud. _ _ j Poor Annio saw the anguish ol his mind, and longed to offer him all the consolation in her power; yet sho re mained silont, fearful of uttering words which might provoke him fur ther. But tho floodgatos of Howard's anger wero already unlocked and burst open. He saw that ho was standing on the brink of a precipice, that a* single step would hu**l him. into a gulf whenco he could nover again emerge to face the world, and he felt his impending danger. And hi? wrath was raised anew against the parent who had thus hunted and goaded him to tho very verge of ruin and despair. ' Upon his head rest tho responsi bilty of this night's work," he ex claimed, in ajsolemn, yet dogged voice, slowly rising from his knees, and staggering to his feet. ' This Wight's work !' repeated Annie, iv alarm. ' What—what aro you about to do?-' ' What am I about to do ? ' Howard dropped, in a voice of forced calmness. 'Havo I notalready toldyouP??' 1 Indeed, I am so bewildered, I can hardly tell what you have been saying to me,' Annie rejoined, sinking upon one of the stools by the empty grate. 'Well, then,|l will refresh your memory, Aunie. I am going upon the highway, in ordor to find bread for you and our little child.' ' No, no!'. exclaimed she, throwing horself upon her bended knees in an attidude of frantic supplicatiou. ' Look here!' sho continued, holding forth her drooping babe : .'.she cannot possibly last very long, poor littlo darling ; aud when sho is gono I shall hardly care to live; theroforo do not sin for us. Wait but a littlo whilo longer, and death will surely rid you of your burdensomo wife and child.' 'Annie,"Annie you will surely drive mc crazy !' cried Howard, striking his forehead with his opon palm. ' Sco on my bonded knees I beseech you to do no wrong.' 'It is too late to beseech now, Annie; I havo pledged myself to de Foix.' ' A wicked pledge is bettor broken than kept,' she said, crouching at his feet. ? ' Not with do Foix, who is now my only friend.' 'You call that man your friend, Howard! Oh, how poverty has changed you !' '[~ A . 'Mc and all my suri'oundinga!'ho added bitterly. 'No, no, Howard, not so, for Jam not changed towards you! Poverty has uot wrought any alterations in woV ' My poor, poor Annie!' ho rejoined, in a choked voice, tho unbidden tears forcing their way iuto hia eyes. ' I know that you havo borno all our many troubles patiently and uncom plainingly, and with a brave spirit, such as ouly a loviug wifo can show. I say that I am awaro of this ; and it cuts mc to tho heart to reflect upon all you havo suffered, and aro still suffering, for my worthless sake.' ' Say not worthless, dear Howard.' ' Add I have resolved to put au end to this heart-breaking endurance— this worse than living death. Hark!' darting to the door and listening. ' There aro footsteps outside,' svid Annie, 'I hear tho snow crunching under Borne heavy footfall.' ' It is do Foix,' said Howard plac ing his ear at a wido clink in the door. ' Oh, heaven havo pity on us !' Aunio burst forth, in a low. wailing cry. 'Silence pray ! or you will mako a child of mo!' said Howard, unlocking tho door, and admitting into tho cottage a tall man enveloped in a huge top-coat, booted and spurred, who. to, all outward show, put forth tho ap pearauco of a wealthy couutry gontle . man, whilo, in fact, ho was tho most notorious highwayman of the day. ' Ugh ! Horo*B a night for us !' said de Foix, entering. ' What is the hour ?' Howard asked, as ho secured tho door behind tho visitor. ' Just past § midnight. Thero's a regular snowstorm,' continued the highwayman, shaking tho snow-flakes from his coat, and kicking off tho whito crystallized mass which had gathorcd about his boots; ' such a snowstorm as I never saw boforo. I'm well-nigh frozen to death, I cau toll you. How do you do madam ?' he added, striding into tho middle of the floor, aud bowing to Aunio. 'I cannot ask you to como lo tho firo and warm yourself,' said sho almost mechanically. ? Bless my heart 1' exclaimed de Foix, glancing first at the ompty firo placo, then at tho shivering woman, aud from her to her husband. ' Curso it! Howard, how was it that you didn't tell mo that things had como to this miserablo pass with yon ?' he added, in a momont Booming to comprehend tho state of Howard's affairs. ' I say to you again, why was I not told how matters really stood with you?' ' I told you quito enough !' Wtt? tho half- choked and somewhat proud rojoiuor. 'Told mo enough,.indeed" retorted tho highwayman, iv a reproachful tone; ' oxcuso mc, if I contradict you' there; you did no such thing, Howard Bolding. You merely said that affair/f were going very crossly with you, aud your governor wouldn't help you, but you novor gavo mo a ghost of a hint that you were without the meaus of keeping a few live coals on tho grate, in this bitter, kill-dog, sort of weather!' ' Why should I make a newspaper of my |mouth ?' ejaculated Howird. I havo entered your gang,; I have sworn to observe all its rules, and to abide by all its rulos; thoso facts alorio are sufficient to advertise to you and all tho world boside*, the misery of my condition.' ' Thank you, Howard,' laughed de Foix, his gay humour nover forsaking him, ' thank you; your words are plain, but far from being complimen tary, either to mo or my comrades.' ' My words are always what thoy are intendod to be,' was Howard's curt reply. Tho highwayman shrugged his shoulders with au easy, careless air, which seemed quito natural to him, and flung himself upon the tea-chest, by the side of tho swailing candle. ' Christmas Eve!' spoke ho in a musing tone. ' Humph! "Well, it certainly doesn't look like it here !' ho added, with a glance at the damp walls and the guttering candle by his side. ' I cannot pay you tho compli ments of the season, iv this tumble down sort of place, Mrs Bolding,' he continued ; ' it would bo worse than mockery to do so —nevertheless, I will take the liberty of wishing that your nest Christinas. Eve may be passed in pleasanter quarters.' 'Thank you!' droppod Annie, in a dreamy manner. The highwayman had spoken bluntly, yet with a kind heartiness which appearod somewhat strange, coming, as it did, from ono so no torious as Tom de Foix. But Tom do Foix was an extraordinary character— young, gay, handsomo, insolent, and stern; a scholar and a thief—a man who would cry, 'Stand aud deliver!'' to a rich traveller, the contents of whose purse, when! stolen, he would frequently divide between some poor family and himself,' always detaining tho smaller share of the booty himself, be it observed. But eiiough at present about Tom de Foix; by-and-by you shall hear more of him. Now, roraembering that tho high wayman was leading her husband iuto crime—of the probable extent of which sho had only a confused idea—it was only natural that Annio should shrink and tremble before him, and that his words, toucs, aud looks should striko terror to hor soul. Ho Baw hor dis trust aud her hatred of him; and feeling somo sort of pity for her, ho wished to propitiato her as much aud ns soon as possible. Ho mado au awkward bogiuning, by dipping his hand into his coat pocket, drawing a bottlo of brandy forth, aud pressing her husband to partake of it. Annie was watching—anxiously watching. Sho feared lest her hus band might be tempted to partake of tho iiory draught. ' Drink, Bolding,' said tho highway man—'drink, my bey; 'tis first-rate stuff—not a headache in a wholo hogs head of it. Driukiug will givo you courage.' ' Porhaps I don't require a driuk to givo mo courage,' Bolding replied, ropliod puttiug the profforod draught aside. ' When I look at my wife and littlo one, and reflect upon their wants, I'vo resolution onough to-face tho very devil; therefore tako away your brandy—l nocd it not.' ' Ve-ry woll, Bolding,' returned tho other ; ' if your a fool, do Foix isn't. I'm glad to find you are so plucky; still, tho brandy wouldu't havo hurt you, but ou tho contrary, would havo fortified you against tho bitter biting air wo are about to face. Howevor, sinco you are so very squeamish, I'll c'en drink your sharo and my own as well.' The act followed tho word, and do Foix took a long, 4<">cp draught of tho potont liquour. ''* 'A h!' ojaculated he, smacking his lips with peculiar relish, rocorkiug tho flask, and hastily thrusting it back iuto his pockot. ' I feel a now man now. Tnoro's nothing liko brandy for putting lifo into one, and making the heart rejoice. Como, Bolding,' ho added, abruptly starting up—'como! We haven't any timo to lose; our comrades will be awaitiug us by the dead oak, near to Seven Treo Meadow. There'll be a rich booty to-night, and no resistance.' ' No resistance ? 'repeated Howard, with a shako of his hand. ' How know you that ? ' ' How know I that ?'laughed doFoix. ' I don't liko to uso ugly words—it's not gentlemanly to do so—or I should reflect upon the veidaucy of your nature in very plain terms, Howard Bolding.' ?? ' I really do not comprehend you, de Foix.' ' Greon —green as grass, I vow to Jupiter!' cried the highwayman, in a convulsion of laughter. ' Never mind —never mind, you'll change colour by-and-by. ' I trust not, do Foix.' interrupted Howard, in a proud, angry tone. 'I despise, a turncoat.' ' Ha, ha, ha !' roared de Foix, leaning against tho wall and shaking his sides with laughter. ' Woll, well, you are a simpleton!' Howard looked disconcerted at tho highwayman's speech, hut he made no reply; he only bit his lips and frowned darkly. 'There, there, don't be vexed,' soothed de Foix—' don't be vexed. I'll explain matters. Tho coachman and the guard of the mail will both of them be drugged by the landlord of the 'King George,' where the mail changes horses; hence tho reason of our making so suro of an easy capture.' 'Ay, ay!' responded Howard, his brow clearing. ' Como!' proceeded de Foix, his hand already ou tho door-latch. ' Stay !' cried Annie, starting to her feet, and staggering to the highway man. 'To what place are you taking my husband, and into what dark Bervico aro you dragging him ?' (To be continued.) 