Local and General. AN OPERATION. -We hear thn't' Mr. W.' A. Heard has jnst had a portion of his leg removed, and has recovered the operation very niceljv ELECTRIC LIGHT.-People growl at having to pay £r a year for the,Penrith electric light. Down in Sydney they have to pay £2 12s per annum, and glad to get,it at the price.. - LUDDENHAM STILL 'WINS.-The Secretary of the Luddcnham Agricultural Society received the ' annual endowment on Saturday amounting to £90 odd. We heartily congratulate our southern neighbours. " . ..WHOOP LA I-Constable Bressingtpn hns been on the warpath at Emu Plains recently and sum monses for stray stock have been as numerous as herrings in a shoal, "Brusher" sweara ho will free the: Plains or inflate the'revenue. ' ' FASHIONABLE BUT SCARCE.-W. & E. Pulton have secured t*hc following scarce, but fashionable lines for the coming season;-Tartan Plaid Dress Materials, Tartan Silk Velvets, ? Tartan Ribbons, New Shot Dress Materials, New, Shot Silk Trim- . mings, Ladies ; Hair' Nets,- Now and Fashionable . Millinery* . " " 1 '. / ' 1 ' ; , i LICENSING COURT.-On Tuesday, before Messrs. J. K. Cleevc (Chairman) and J. W. Flether (L.M.),. it renewal for Tattersall's Hotel license was granted. William Potter applied,for a wine-license: for premises situated on Windsor Road, Rooty Hill, ; As he had not posted, a notice oh the door- of his * residence according to the Act the application was , refused., ( -j t *. . i : A TERRIBLE MINING DISASTER* has ocourried in the workings of the Great Western Colliery, Glamorganshire, Wales. By an explosion of fire idamp 200 miners .were entombed in the'colliery. A hundred and fifty of them were rescued from the workings, but 50'are still entombed. The timber headings in tlie mine are ablaze.j Five bodies have >been recovered, v. HAD! An Emu Plains residont was summoned on,Tuesday at the Police Court'for allowing stock to stray. Rumor had gone forth that he was going in for an elaborate : defe'nee^1 consequently the . p6undkee{:er ;was'subpoenaed and" a lawyer engaged by the^" other side.*' < A broad grin went round ' w'lien defendant * meekly pleaded " guilty " and ' tlie Bench intimated that no costs Would be allowed ; OBJECTION TO'RETRENOHMENT.-The Railway Commissioners strenuously objected to any reduc tion j being''made in'the salaries of civil servants .under their charge. They mention that the total' staff employed on the railways' in' OctoTior, 1888^ !'when'they took office numbered 10,340, with a, traffic of £2,300,000; in March/1893,* 9842 were Employed, and the traffic for the "last year amounted to £3,100,000. DISGUSTING.- At tlie Oirolt Court, Dubbo, oh Wednesday, Harry* Stone, 18 years, pleaded guilty <o assaulting Annie Cleaver, under the age of 14. Mr. Ryan, who appeared for the prisoner, informed the Court that the prisoner and the girl were married that'morning. The girl, who appeared/to be a slight child, at the request of the Judge went into the witness-box arid produced her marriage lines. The father was then called, and proved the marriage and the consent of the parents. The prisoner was remanded for U seems a pity that tho parents who ' to such a < union and the parson who j ) iho parties to gether in " holy " matrimony could not bylaw bo Bentencod to twenty lashefl and three months' 1 Imprisonment. LUDICROUS DELIVERANCES are common in I edvertisements, especially in those of a personal nature. Here is one that appeared not long ago in a New York paper-"Willie, return to your dis tracted wife and frantic children! Do you"want to hear of your old mother's Buicide 1 You will, if you do not let us know where you are. Anyway, send back your father's meerschaum." THE BEST REMEDY FOB INDIGESTION.-Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a Simple Remedy for Indigestion, which is $he cause of nearly all tht diseases to which we are subject Norton PillB, with justice called the "Nature's' Strengtliener of the Human Stomach," act as a' powerf ul tonic and gentle aperient, i»re mild in their operation, and Bafe under any circumstances. Sold in bottles, at Is lid,, 2s 9d" lls,, by all Medicine vendors throughout the World. ' MAKIN TO bb HONG,-The case of John and Sarah Makin, sentenced to death for the murder of: an infant, was considered by the Executive Council on Tuesday. It was decided that in the case of the husband the law should be. allowed to take its* course, and that in Sarah Makin's .case the sentence should be commuted to one of imprisonment for life,' The fixing of the' date of the1 execution ofi Makin was postponed, pending the decision of the ] Privy Council, assuming' that, leave: be given to i appeal, ' ' . ' ., .;. VOIiK AND THE COMMISSiONEKS.-Sir. George , Dibbs.has. forwarded his reply; to the deputation which waited upon him in reference to Volk's case. He slates that to accede to the wish'of the depu tation and interfere with thfrac^riftf the railway .commissioners in the disn|in3M|g^a^.>o£ their employees would be to violate, tP&,grqpiBwn3 of $»e Railway Act, and'would be a ifctrograd'c.step in the direction of that political interferenpa.ia' the man agement of our railways which it was the main object of the Act to terminate. ?, ROBBERY AT EMU PLAINS.-On Sunday night the house of Mr. Dan Donovan employed by Mr. J. Jude, of Emu Plains, was broken into with the result that Donovan was relieved of five pounds <in notes, two suits of clothes, a number of valuable papers and several trinkfctB, etc., amounting' in all ; to about £15 worth. The police were promptly informed of the occurrence, but have been unable to get a clue as to the culprits.' This is-^the Becond time Mr. Jude's premises have been unlawfully ! visited recently, for'a few Sundays ago .his lost a couple of hammocks swinging from the trees in the : front garden. , * " RATHER INDEPENDENT.-The Minister of Works .in New Zealand is having a somewhat unpleasant experience of the unemployed in that colony.' The .other day at Christchurch he offered to ship'a ; batch of them to, Wellrogtonf where" work would ' be pixivided at good wages, but'his proposal was scornfully refused as a' " dastardly " one, and, the i men repaired to their usual meeting place to con i dole, with eich other upon their unfortunate; lot, ! Subsequently the Minister'offered. to meet a depu jtation of.the;men to talk the matter over, but they, ! with.one.accord; declined this1 advance also.. ' PEATS OF PENMANSHIP.-Some time ago a Paris ; paper offered a prize for th'd best specimen of. 1 microscopic handwriting; and several wonderful 'examples of skill with the pen we're sent in by ! competitors.The winner of the pr ize was a man !who had copied out in full; on. a-postcard the 'contents of the first two pages of a bignewspaper, iAnother candidate, ingeniously alluding !to the famous, incident, wrote on an egg.aa account of the career of Columbus. A third submitted (the 19,000 wordd of Francois Coppue's novel' o£ " Henrietta," !written on the back of a cabinet photograph. Opficiousness Rewabdbd.-A serious acci dent happened to Mrs.' M'Intosh, of' Denbeigh, jCobbity,,'. on Saturday evening throngh a gun accident. . Noticing a, pea gun in the hands;of two boys, she took it from them, and not knowing it was loaded attempted to break it over a log, holding the muzzle towards her. The gun went off, 'sending thei bullet into her stomach in a line with Sher right:side and inflicting a wound^in, in length. iThe doctors had riot succeeded In extracting the 1 'bullet1 on Sunday.' The 'patient' 'is progressing jfavorably. t ' ' --- , DANGKBOUS.-Dr. Quaife; one 'of the aldermen jof Woollahra, called ^attention, at .the last meeting joE-th'e council, to.a'.case ofra child having been . poisoned, by eating' castor?pil berries.' growing along the road side.' Dr." Quaife said' that' this plant was growing' very, prolifically in many partB of the ' borough. Eating the berries was. in:,the. highest degree dangerous, one having been known, to;kill a man, It wai' resolved that steps be taken to have the plant eradicated; from lands' over which the council had control. ,! A GENTLEMAN from London visiting Scotland, having heard that a man residing in the district where" he had put up, _had just completed-.his 100th year, and being anxious to see .the centcnarian paid him' a visit.' In the course of. conversation, the "Cockney fcongratnlated. the old ; man on the healthy appearance, he 'had: at, his' time",of life j " but" says ,'he, "T presume you do pot "expect! to to see the,end'of an6ther. hundred :yeiira?" '"I'm no so very ,sure aboot that. "Yoii'must mind I'm a heap stronger, the. noo thon whip. I. started 'wi' the firstjhunner," was, the old man's reply,' DANGEROUS.-Some of the'footpaths in Penrith are' in'a disgracefully dangerous state. Station street .is attractively .lighted but. in the - pavement near Mr. Priddle there are several yawriing,cavities into which! the, careless local pedestrialn or, the' hap less stranger may slip and' break. p limb. Castle reagh street between Noble's store-]and Henry street is badly, lighted nrid'hlso rioticable. for,; its dangerous holeyness., Two or "three barrels of tar and a few^cart,loads of gravel ? wo.iild suffice rto. repair the whole of the 'footpaths in the town. iNow' who win move a motion ?... KEEN, PALATES.-One day a gentleman buying a barrel of old whisky, called two of the best judge of the' beverage' in" the State of Kentucky-Senators Blaok iand .-.Beck-to give ian opinion. " Well," said Mr. Beck, after tasting the liquor and smacking his lips, " well,1 sir, this is most excellent stuff, sir, but, ahem I it ha3 a slight?.taste of iron; sir."' Mr. Blackburn rolled up his leyes after a sip, and remarked, "I quite agree with Mr. Beck as to' the quality'of th6'goods ;'but all I let me see ; I detect a leathery taste."- And when the barrel was emptied, at its;bottom was'found-a carpet tack with a'leather ring around its head. , " . INTERESTING FIGURES.'- The complexity of animal structure is marvellous. A caterpillar con tains more than 2,000 muscles. In a human body are some 2,000,000 perspiration glands, communi cating with the surface by ducts, having a"1 total length of some ten miles; whilst' that of.-the arteries, viens, and capillaries musfr be very great ; the blood contains , millions upon millions of cor puscles, each a structure in itself ; the rods in the Tetiria, which are supposed to be the. ultimate recipients of ' light,, are estimated at 80,000,000, and Meinert has calculated that the grey matter of the brain is built of at least 000,000,000 cells. .' .SANDER. AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. ?In,protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture; lias acquired all over the globe, wo publish .the following :-Hazard, M.D., Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial, published in the Clinical Record:-"We have examined half-a dozen specimens of different manufactures; the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to. be reliable and .corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called "Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ancesincc. This product Btands, according to Dr. Owon,foremost in causing injurious effects, That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another "case a lady, states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered eruelly from the effeot's of "tho same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we foci warranted in exposing the above facts, and ilesiro the public, to exorcise care and 'precaution when buying. SANDER & SONS.-(A^vt.) A HABD KNOCK.-Mr. Waddell, M.L.A. (Pro-1 tectionist) addressed a large meeting o£ bis constituents at Bou'rke on Wednesday night. At the close of his speech a vote of confidence was i moved, but 'an amendment declaring that the meeting had no confidence in Mr. Waddell was carried by a substantial majority. DEEMING AGAIN.-At the Birkenhead (Eng.) Police Court Samuel Deeming, brother of the notor ious Rainbill murderer;, was brought up before Mr. PreBton and charged with, haying stolen a number of tools, value 10=, the property of Charles Smith, Liverpool;" - It appears that Deeming had been employed by a man named Smith, who left a number of tools, and.wjien he returned for the pur pose of taking them away he found they had been stolen. He traced them to a pawnshop, and ascer tained that prisoner had pledged them there. DeemiDg admitted that be bad taken the tools, having, been driven to do so by want. He was committed to the Assizes for trial. SPIRITUALISM,-" Why," exclaims Labouchere in .Truth, " does no visitor from the other world come to me 1 I would welcome such a guest with pleasure. I should like hini to materialise himself; and to sit down comfortably and enter into conversation with me. I invite all spooks, ghosts, or other inhabit ants of space to call on me, But I am not over credulous, I should require some better proof of the reality of their presence than knoekings, which I know.may be produced in various ways, or by the mere, wagging of my hand, Mr, Stead is always an' interesting conversationalist, but if lie would only look in on me, accompanied by one of his spooks, I should be'specially pleased." ^DISCONTENTED SUITOR.-At Tinonee, on April 1, a resident was fined for having made use of language likely to provoke a breach of -the peace (reports the .Manning Times). He decided not to pay the fine, but to' take it out.' A friend, how ever, insisted'on paying the money; and-Senior constable Ogden had no alternative but- to, accept it. The defendant refused to recognise the right of anyone to interfere, and desired to be locked up, following Mr, Creagh and the police all the way to Taree to insist upon his * rignts,' but' only to .be again informed that he was 'a free man,' and could go home, wnich he subsequently did, apparently much disappointed. A LECTCHB,-Mr. J. G. Treseder, lecturer from the Agricultural Department has consented to give a lecture on Friday 28th instant, the day following the Chrysanthemum Show. He will choose, for his subject: A Happy Cottage-home, with its surround ings.-The Culture of Fruits and Vegetables, Practical;/directions as to 'trenching, draining, &c.-History; of the Rose and Chrysanthemum, their 'past, present, and future.-Culture of favorite ' flowers-the Carnation, Dahlia, &c.-.; Object .Lesson in Budding Roses and Grafting Fruit-trees, r How ,to ;grow Strawberries for profit, &c.-National; Forestry.-Irrigation-How to use water with advantage to growing crops. . EMIN PABHA'S ROMANCE, - A pretty little romance is', told of .Emin Pasha, the. African explprer, says an'English newspaper); In early life before'leaving Hungary he fell in love with a charming little' playmate, still in short dresses. Athough he did not tell his love, it was,so deep that no other woman has ever shared it.' He! retired from society, became a misanthrope, and did not marry. Long years after, while he was attending the wife of-Ismail Pasha in bis professional capacity, he, found'in her his former love, The result' was the old story;. Ismail, after many hardships, in war and prison life, died to make way for Emin; who declared bis- love, and won the widow. - . ? FOOTBALL.-The first, match of . the season will take' place1 at Emu Plains,next Saturday between the Penrith and Emu Clubs, A drag will leave Tattersall's, Penrith, at! a quarter to 3, and the match will be commenced at 3,30. 'Following are the respective players'selected1: Emu, S. Walker (Captain), J. Shaw; J. Davy, P.vEvans, F, Ross, J; Collinson, G. Bunyan, W. Buckley-A. Pies,ley, S. Mullins, J. Piesley, W., Shaw, ^'Johnstone,. J, Colless, A. Piesley; Emergencies J. Paul; J. Frost, P. Walker. Penrith s''''Prlce^ !Soarvell; Hdllier, Chandler, Phillips, Cleeve, Dwyer,'' Lang, Dolan, Jones, T. Smith, Horatman, Waring, Cosgrove, W. Herford. Emergencies: P. Smith, Mason, Crother's.' ' : ' : ' . , FATAL ACCIDENT.-A distressing. fatal accident happened at. Lamplough, near Avoca, Melbourne, on Wednesday night. A miner named William Fish, over 60 years of age, was seeking for gold in an old working, and while below, in a stooping position the earth above him gave way and forced his head towards his feet, breaking his back and several of bis ribs,* The unfortunate man's son, aged 16, who was working with him, immediately set to workto extricate him, arid succeeded in saving him from;'tjeing -suffocated. Assistance arrived, and he was speedily brought to the surface andNtaken to the* hospital where he died on Thursday.' VEBV SAD.-An unusually sad case of drowning occurred off, the A.U.S^N. Wharf, Brisbane, on Wednesday afternoon. A-fireman named James O'Brien had just taken an affectionate leave of his wife on the wharf, and was stepping aboard the Fitzroy, when he slipped and fell into the river. 11 is supposed in falling he struck sbme part of the ship, as he sank immediately. Attempts were made to riseue bim, but without avail. His wife witnessed the whole .occurrence, and was frantic with giief. ? A most distressing scene took place. A mate of the unfortunate man was also deeply affected. He made several: attempts to jump into the, water "after, bis companion, and had to"* be forcibly restrained/by the police. THE EFFICACY, OF VACCINATION.-Some time, ago the'surgeoniof a small-pox hospital was. asked to give his observations of the result of :vacoinated patients whom he had'treated.' He foundj during his twenty-five years'; experience of (5,000,'cases of post'1 vaccinal small-pox, that; the percentage of deaths was (1) 21£> in, the case, of persons; va<jcl nated, but having.no vaccine cicatrix ; (2^ ;7if,per, cent having one ' cicatrix; (3) having£two cicatrices; (4) 1J having three vaccine cicatrices ; and (5) having four or more cicatrices, 'J per bent; whilst unvaccinated amounted, to 3BJ per. cent. There seems to.be ia growing objection to vaccina tion in some quarters j it would, be well if actual statistics on this point were more fully known, The Hospital. , ' ! .' . . . , PABAOHUTE ACCIDENT.-China papers bring news of ' a balloon-parachute' fatality which happened at Saigon to Mr. Victor Valazie. The ?ballonist, in excellent'spirits, was carried to a height of about 2000ft. At the expected moment be was observed to let go. But the parachute refused to open, and he descended, it is estimated, 800ft. before the paradhnte opened. This it did with so sudden a jerk that Valazie lost his hold, and was.seen.to fall rapidly., The right arm made, a convulsive effort to regain its hold,' and then fell to the side, tbe left arm remaining above the heap. For some distance the man fell in that position; he then turned feet upwards, and fell with terrifflc force through the roof of a brewery .to the floor below, arid was mangled and disfigured beyond xeoognition. . CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.-The majority of the .jockeys who, ride.at Belmore Park seem to think that-winning or losing-a vigorous application/of whalebone and spur is the chief essential to'horse manship after they have entered the straight. So from the turp it is slash, slash, slash, all the way, till the post is reached, even the tail end plying'whip and heel as though their lives depend upon it, even when they havn't the ghost of a show. If | these jockeys could fancy themselves being l unmercifully flogged for tho last fifty yards of a ! desperate pedestrian flutter, perhaps they could ! appreciate the fact that not infrequently they owe Iwhat they call " ill-luck " in losing races to their | own stupid cruelty. Many, hoises will try their utmost without the whip being in evidence at all; ' and though there are sluggish equines -which want touching'up a . little ..at .the; finish, no excuse is furnished for pla'clng them on the flogging pillory all the latter pfcrt of the journey, DEATH IN THE CIGARETTE.-W; F, Lewis, a young New Yorker, died recently. The cause is said to hare been the almost continuous use of cigarettes. He smoked at all times, except when lie,slept. Two companions took Lewis home at Co clock one morning. He appeared to be under tlie influence o£ liquor, and his father became alarmed at Ins condition. He gave his son medicine, but it did not have the desired effect, ana at 6 o clock a doctor was called in. The physician saw that the patient was suffering from nicotine poisoning, and was then in a comatose state. He did what he could to counteract the : action of the nicotine, but young Lewis died three hours later. The doctor 6ays that it would have been a robust man but for his love o£ cigarette ""j, , system was undermined by nicotine, and his death from nicotine poisoning was only a matter of time. Z ' PESSIMISTS.-Says the National Observer: There are two kinds of pessimistsi The one is concerned * k. the world at large-whether its members bo of the school of Schopenhauer or of some other predicating of it that it contains more evil than g0.t J,. Pessimist of the other kind says of him self that bis life has more pains than pleasure. He is not necessarily a pessimist as the word is used in the schools. The poets, for'instance, of the " The City of Dreadful Night," by whom this pessimist is represented as well as, or better than, he deserves did not deem the world unfortunate j rather he liM some pride in being of a small minority. burelv I write not for the hopeful young "-words curiously like those of one far differently con ditioned, less as asipoet, infinitely more interesting as a man, the late Lord Lytton." VOLK'S CASE. - Mr, McGowan moved the adjournment of the Legislative Assembly on Thurs day afternoon*5 to discuss > the position of the employees of the State as laid down by the Premier, in regard to the deputation which waited upon him in regard to' Volk's case. The debate which followed was characterised by Sir George Dlbbs as being a second edition of the one which tcok place on Volk's case last week. The Railway Act, he said, placed , in the hands of the Commia sioners the power to dismiss their servants at' pleasure,_and while. that Act remained in force the Commissioners would have the support of the Government. Sir George* Dibb3 further said that vernment was Qot going to shirk its respon sibility in regard to the law at the dictation of any particular class of the community. liBTRKNCHitENT.-Individually, Ministers arc opposed to the action being taken in the House ! fjrcfrenchme'nt party. 11 is claimed by them that they have already considerably reduced the departmental expenditure, and that the House ought not to interfere in the matter of detail. By his second reduction in the Estimate of the Depart ment of Public Instructions Mr. Suttor expects to effect a further saving of about £70,000 per annum. The -Railway Commissioners have made a Btrong protest to the Minister for Railways' against the proposed- reductions in the estimates of their department. They claim that they have already reduced ond reorganised their department, and that if .authority in this matter be not left with the Commissioners, it will be a reintroduction of political patronage in its worst form. THE MOKE THE MERRIER,-People have been asking themselves riddles this week. Some of them want to know why the minimum for straying stock was suddenly reduced at the Police Court on Tuesday, The rule has been to fine half;a-crown for the first offence, but on Tuesday it 'suddenly dropped to one shilling. It would seem as though the Bench made a reduction for a number. This was very considerate from the defendant's stand point, but the question arises whether this is not a sop to ^carelessness under the heading " The bigger the nuisance the less the fine." A man who allows thirteen cattle to. stray causes more inconvenience and dangetfin a community than he who turns his solitary milker into the " long paddock." Perhaps the Bench didn't look,at the matter in this light. Holloway^S OINTMENT AND Piras.-Iuflueiiza, Coughs, and Colds.-In diseases of the throat and chest, so . prevalent, in our changeable climate, nothing so speedily relieves, or so certainly cures as these' inestimable 'remedies..' These, disorders arc too often Stegletsted at their commencement, or are injudiciously treated, resulting: in either case in disastrous consequences. Whatever the condi tion of the patient, Holloway's remedies will res tore, if recovery be possible; they will retard the alarming symptoms till the blood is purified, and nature consummates tlie cure, gradually .restoring strength and vital nervous power, By persevering in the use of Holloway's preparations j tone is con ferred on the stomach and frame generally. Ihoitsands of persona have testified that by the use of .these remedies alone they Jmve been restored to health after every other means had failed. A MAORI RACE MEETING;-"Buff.and Black" writes as follows to the Napier (N.Z.) Telegraph . They held a very enjoyable Maori race meeting up the line the other day-one that was a novelty in its way, for it was run by Maoris, the animals were Maori breeds, the jockeys dark in colour, and the officials as black as the ace of spades. The Maori: Carbines that were saddled up for the various' events were not beauties to gaze upon, but there was as muoh preparation made in regard to them as ' though they were going for a Melbourne Gup. The entrance fee, was a couple of bags of grain for each race, with an acceptance of one sack. The' first horse got so many sacks and the second so many. There^ was a. five shilling " equalisator " on the ground, on which those present could back their i fancies. A spicier who attended the races, arid' jyho introduced a game ofpop iirdown, gents." was told by the Stewards to pop himself outside. He popped. ( _ HALLUCINATION.-On the. arrival of tho mid night passenger train at Liverpool on Wednesday night, the officer in charge at tlie railway station discovered a young, woman in one of tlie first-class' carriages m a semi-conscious state. Ho immediately sent for Dr..Beattie, who arrived;a few miautes later, and during his examination'of the female she asserted thfit she. had'been,robbed, "drugged and assaulted by a man who emerged from Under the scat shortly after tlie train left Granville.' Dr. Beattie failed to find any . trace of drugs having been administered, or that she,had been, in any way interfered with,' fend ,was of opinion tliut "shd1 was recovering from'the effects of, a" fit.' On inquiry being made on Thursday the police found' that'the woman was subject to fits and strange delusion's, which in Borne measure account? for what was .at first supposed to be a mysterious affair, The woman resides at Parramatta. She 'had been recently employed as a servant,' ' ' A GROSS ACT.-An act of either criminal care-* lessness, or a diabolical attemptjto- poison a whole household was reported to the , police on Thursday as having occurred at the premises of Mr. Oft S Whiteman, storekeeper, Burrowa-street, Young, Two of Mr. Whiteman's daughters occupy a bed room in the.main building, the window of their room overlooking and being within a few feet of the iron roof of a portion of the building1 used as a residence. One of these young ladies, looking through the window, saw what she thought to be a jot or tin of ointment on tho roof near the gutter ing' She informed her sister, and one of;them went out through the window to pick it up. On reaching the place she observed a label,'" Rough on Rats," on one side of tho pot, and » Poison " on the other. .About one-third of the quantity remained I in the tin, and the rest was scattered about the I roof. Had dew fallen, a portion of the poison I would have found its way into one of the three indentations in the guttering, which were nil filled with water. Mr. Whitman at once, gave, inform ation to the police, who were engaged on Wednesday in making inquiries, but so far without obtaining any clue as to how the poison came there"; Mr. Whiteman does not keep poison in stockror on the premises, and the Misses Whiteman are sure that the box was not. there two days ago. From the position.in which the lid lay from the box and the way in which n-x-.'-r was thrown out, it is supposed that i1 .'ir.v.'n- on tho roof either from the bedroom oi j^oai-^ narrow passage leading from the grocery department to the yard, but, of course) this is mere conjecture. ' THE BEST PosrxroN FOB Healthier A doctor, writing in a" medical paner \n» immense number of people sleen on tL fV ^ and this is the most common cause of m '61 ant taste m bail bed, to sleep on the left side is' to g?ve tflers a task which is dffBcult'in the ostrem! £ ? nu:ll The student of anatomy knows that^H ^ and leaves the stomachon tta rf&t; SL sleeping on the left side soon after ea«L -dheilCil a sort of pumping operation which is ! "SH,'°roltii conducive to sound repose! The acLn /f ^Dg..btt is also interfered witlf considerably","e,hess are unduly compressed. " Tt is provableiwH , on the back is the most natural riositinn k j men can rest easily so, abd' Hence it ?» t cultivate the habit of sleeping on the right J&l; nefSoUh?BH& by this story :_A seS rf 18 ll ?stra^ secluded house in Ed^eware im? YW aJi8lltit' had been broken H passage, he weiit to the kitchen whn?B *a tll! sight met his view, ' ' L*!?.\»»g* frying-pan stood 1 the relics of a fried rasher of ham ani mH o wdences of a meal, including half a bottle of ^ " Lying about the floor ' werc ^feral h,^ ^ goods ready for immediate removal The^V1 still heavy with thearoraa of fried'ham C ' vi«ihle. the sergeant proceeded to 'search th! the apartment, and it it was not lone beton. opening a tall clipboard, he discovered a mL aged man about 6ft. in height. Steppiae fS culprit cheerfully renarked: "I say euXt ii you d been 10 minutes sooner, you'd have snni ! my breakfast. There's a drop |of sherry left nJ and you d better ! hel^ ^buraelr before we starM dent :-The_ rofSin^tti'dles ^embw ination to thejand-a public robber. an oulatt' assar;; vague beginnings oW brain.' He may be'a w nonentity, incapable' of^formujatincr the Mm .i seeking shetor-fethe fury of the eleSents or blatant fraud, loaded to the muzzle with alliterative cant, but his seat is sure while he can drives h&rf; bargain with the'Government of the time for his vote, and in return secure an unjust local exnen. duture of taxes in railways, courthouses ml. offices, gaols and culverts. Also, he must w as^Tar ^mn iS ?lfCt0rit0 »Dder °bligatbn tofi ?L,-r L- po33lble. by personal attention to nn grievances, or aid to their designs upon the hffaifi ?Xpayera\ f£ he d0GS a!1 this the pat consideration6,00 Iawmakin*is * salary ®T,R0NG., REMARKS,-a sentence of 10 vean penal servitude was at the Central Criminal Court on tt ednesday, passed ou Alfred Pullen, who on the nfTrnr y Was found sni)t? of the manslaughter of a Chinaman nnmeil Ah Bun. Mr. Justice Manning said it was a monstrous thing in a civilized country, where money of the taxpayer was simolv Fhftt a t0 P^°Vid5 £ree education for the masses* JntLl «°ULd nofc g0 about hia ordinary avo. oation, unoffending, without running the risk of being done to death in the open daylight in a public thoroughfare in this great city. No doubt the fi had taken a merciful view of the, case, but merer; could not long stand the strain that was being pat KSVW time must assuredly come, and that before long, when a life possibly as young as the prisoner's would be suddenly cut ' short bv the gallows for such an offence. It was time* that men learned that the arm of the law was not only long but strong, and would put down such, offences as these. He hoped they"mighfc see before long Buch an'improvement'in society'thafc larrikin, ism, now m its worst type, had ceased to exist, A SAD CASE.-A sad case came the other day « ^!steTr Co,hnty co«rfc (remarks the Pall Mall Gazette), In the days when Mrs Jean* nopolo was still Miss Wright she deyoted her. time to the amelioration of, man's lot by. inventions, Nothing was too common or two abstruse for her beneficent attention. Among other things, the world owes to her a combination toothbrush rack an improved mail-cart for children, a lift-euard' and a fire- proof! overall for., putting out theatrical ladies when they fall over the footlights. She even went out of her way to anticipate the wants of iaatter of sanitation ; mliv d^v ,B.ed a P'ai£1 for. disinfecting money in tills,, and dirt on door mats, Nav.she went so farae to gild refined gold by supplying her sex with a patent parasol to protect parasols from the weather. But an'ungrateful world made nothing of these benefits, and' left Miss Wright to T17 ^°n°u,red and. unsung. Worse still, her agent refused-to pay back '40 guineas when she abandoned-her patents. But Judge Baylev me her her own again, and . it may be some compen sation for the. neglect of.the ,world. ' .RUNAWAY RAILWAY' TRUCKS, - Whilo the engine of the goods train which left Geelong at 10.25 a.m. on Friday , last was being shunted at lendon for the purpose of taking on some addit lonal trucks, the remainder of the train, including tho guard's van (the break attached to which by some means became loose), started to roll back wards, and, increasing in speed, continued to roll until it reached Lai Lai, where one of the officials .jumped m, reapplied the brake, and brought it ton . standstill. At ' the latter placo; a passenger train was standing, but the atationmaster, having been apprised by ^ telephone, of the approach of the Mcapiug portion of tho goods train, at once instruc ted the driver to run back sufficiently far to avert collision, Hod the-passenger train started a, few .seconds earlier. (says the BaIlarat,Star) a serious ^mishap must have occurred" How the break blocks of the carnage were not screwed down no one knows, 1 he guard, who, it is stated, has been sus pended) UQclares that when he. left the van they were in position. It. is presumed that someone, probably, a traveller who was accomodated with a seat in that' compartment, being ' ignorant of the consequences, tampered with the wheel' by 'which the rods and .shafting are worked, A departmental .enquiry is to, be held. ? WHERE Foo.TBAM, GAME tffioar.-Now that the football season (says' The Million) is on it * may be. interesting to followers of the game t(j know tliafc<w they owe it.to the Romans. There is no doubt that ' itcame over " to England with Julius Cicsar, It was played, too, by tho Greeks, ,and, in all likeli hood, by more ancient peoples before them. But the actual origin of the game is lost in tho mists of time. Fierce wordy warfaro has been waged about the invention of printing, of gunpowder, of , the mariner s.compassj.and so on, but tbesc mysteries would be trifles light as air compared, with the serious effort, if. any; man; were sane; enough te make it to,discover .the, inventor of football. Depend vipon it, the,simpler ball games are as old asi the human race, and the man, woman or . child who ilret kicked* something round, or threw it about sportively . gave rise to a rough and ready pastime out of which football and a host of other games grew during the centuries,.' Do not. how over, ran awJy , with the, notion that when, the astonished Britons saw the Romans, at their game they saw football played as it is played to day In London or Glasgow. Their pastime, was of,a'much simpler sort than ours, though, curiously enough, the Greeks seem, in some form of the game, to have handled the ball in a way that suggests at least the crude idea of the Rugby style. From tho Romans the natives soon learned the game, and it got that firm foothold in this country which it has ever sinco> retained. It is strange that football took root in tho northern parts of England before the Southerner adopted it; and . it is recorded of tho .North that they used to lay lii wait for the bride groom as. he .left; the church after the wedding ceremony and demand money from him for tho I game, Instigated by tho Building Tjades Council, 4000 unienist workmen employed at the Cbicngo Exhk. bition have struck work. on. account,of .the officials refusing to discharge non-unionist carpenters. Thero have been'numerous1 encounters'between the unionists and the free, lubourora. If the struggle^ bo prolonged it will interfere,-with the completion of the World's Fair by the proper date, 