SHOULD PUBLICANS BE COUN A QuHsTIo,!5hicl is;6teo n heard asked in private conversation is-" Should a publican hae a councillor ?";and, as,it is one of public importance, we intend dis cussing it in this article. That ther are many esthiaaile ,citizens whod have chosen to take up the calling of retailing fer mented and spirituous liquors, everyone is prepared. to admit ; but, on the other hand, that the public house is often tile dertiier ' i?ori ,of an ektienely' ques tionablocln.sirmen, we: are cpmpelled to. 'tit6 is the frutli." In considering this subject it would be as well to set out in.the first place what are the duties whiclih amiin occupyirig thi position of councillor is called upon to perform, and what qnulificatiopas he is supposed to possess. Well, then, to icommence with, they are not very dnerous, nor do they make an extensive call upon anyone's time,' But, although hisduties are not heavy, there are timns wheni `a consider able amount of responsibility attaches to th n',',and wheri it is absolutely neces sary that no suspicion 'whatever of pre judice or self-interest should play any part in the execution of them. Th'e class of ratepayer who is of the most inm portalice to the publican, is, naturally, the man who has the greatest liking for malt liquors and strong drink of any kind, and as these people are, as a rule, a highly undesirable set, and, as it goes without)'saying that the publican coun cillor is anxious to do what li he can for them, there is a very strong probability that a worthless lot of men is apt to become in some way connected with :uncil work. For, supposing that Mr. 'ouncillor Publican has a* regular??cus amer in a labouirer who suddenly finds himself thrown out of work. It naturally lollows that being no longer in receipt of I a regular wage, his visits at the hotel become less frequent, and so the publican councillor is the loser. Now, as self is of the first importance, tile publican councillor, seeing an opportunity of getting him a position in his council as a day labourer, spares no pains, and even, perhaps, threats to secure him that position-hencs we i have the fisst. example of the evil that it is possible for the publican councillor to work in a municipality, and as the publican coun cillor will take the more pains to seeure a berth for the man who proves the better vistfiuier; the 'Council is the more likely to be hampered with at least one drunken 1loafer, who gets good pay for little and `bad work. Of course, much depends upon the chief officers, and if these gentlemen are possessed of the backbone, they inimafy able in some measure to prevent such abuses. But there is a further influence at work again, for it may so happen that the publican councillor may have taken a prejudice against the chief officer or officers beecause he does not regard them as good patrons, and as it sometimes happens that one man has a good deal of influence with the Council, and is able to sway them very largely to Lis own opinions, it is quite possible that it is as much as the officer's positioii is worth to refuse the Sulablit?anuoiicillor his requests. The duties of a councillor are to assist in looking after the business of the town; to jealously guard' the welfare of the, town; to. endeavour to redress the grievances of 'his `ratepayers, real or; imnaingiary; to look after their individual interests ; to find work where possible for the unemployed ; and, when occasion requires, to act as a representa tivec of the to?vn. Now, the question arises,, is a publican, front his position and attendant circumstances, the fittest man to occupy this position? A publi can' is no less human than any other man, and, like all other men; he is selfish at heart, where his pocket is concerned. The business and welfare of the town will be found to mean his own particular business sand welfare ; the grievances of thea'ratepayers will be the grievances of his own customers ; and the unemployed will resolve into those loafers and idlers who no longer have any money with which, to buy beer and play billiards upon his premises. Now, as all this is somewhat'hypothetical, yet it must be admitted' that the hypothesis is by no means overdrawn. All the circumstances here set forth are not only highly pos sible, but extremely probable.' Such being the case, it is at once patent that whereas, where the ratepayers as a body are supposed to be represented in the municipal hall, in reality only a very few are so fortunate, and that few the most undesirable and highly objectionable in the place.' Another suppositious case may be cited. For instance : there is always a number of men who have in their possession horses and drays, with which they undertake all kinds of general car tage work. If some of these men are better beer-drinkers than others, they will take good care to drink none but the beer of the publican councillor, who in turn will see that they get whatever pickings may be had from the local Council; whilst the other carters, who are the sober, steady, and industrious men, will be obliged to pay for their sobriety by seeing all the good things these latter gentry hive, as a rule, the worst liorses and the worst drays, the Council is the sufferer in the end. So we may go on to the officers in the council chambers; the same evil influence will be apt to creep in there. Any publican councillor who !has large influence may take objections to a first elass officer, mainly on the score that lie does not patronise his establishment as often as be would like. The result would be that he either moves to his utmost to try and remove him, or proceeds to annoy and insult him at every meeting and every other opportunity, until at last the un fortunate officer throws up his position in disgust, or at best leads a dog's life of it, and, unless the gentleman in question has an extremely tough hide, this is not such a difficult matter as may be .imagined. Again, the councillor should be a man of some reputation as regards honesty, and he should also do his utmoist:to"uphold the laws of his country., But the publican, as a lale, is one' of the greatest offedder~s in'this respect, as regards the law relating to Sunday trading, and what respect would raCphyers'di-anybodqyelse have for thepub lican csieiicillor who maybe caught carry ing on a trade on Sunday in spite of the law and his position. Imagino' the enomaly iot a man' who is supposed to vindicate the lawy appeariog in a public court as a transgressor of the law. Moreover the publican councillor nsay he elected-to the position of Mayor, which constitutephil the ;chief magistrate of the town; and anything more absurd could hardly be dreamt of: than a man sitting on the beach ii judgment upon his fellow-man, who may possibly be summoned for being drunk with the very liquor which he had bought at his juridgeo's own house. And not only that, but there maybe brought before him aeaso in which another publican is charige uiith Sunday trading. Well, the absurdity of the thing speaks for itself. Enoughl has'ibeen;said to show that it is a most undesirable thing for publicans to.L be come councillors,and it would be as ellit somn imember of thefHouse would'bring this question before Parliament, with a view' to having theo Local Government Act so amnended, that in future no man who keeps an hotel where fermented and spirituous liquors are retailed should be allowed to take a seat at the council table. As a nation is constituted of individuals, so will the moral status of the nation be as is the moral status of its individuals. If the ind'ividuals are cor irpt,' so will the nation be corrupt; and consequemtly the laws themselves will be rotten, and pice vdersa. Uless the lsws are such that only t)le belt sen in the community are allowed to represent the community, then it must follow, as tile night the day, that the community itself will degenerate. The finding of the Full Court in favour of a grand jury, in the face of recent de velopments in the Cabinet, will not tend to make the position of MIinisters any brighter on the assembling ofParliament,nor strong. then their position meaiwhile. It is -to be regretted that any such trouble has arisen, as what the colony wants at the present jancture, more thsan at any othser period of its existence, is a " long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altoether,"io place of everyone trying to pull 'al waycs." The continuous rains since Saturday last has culuinated in a flood, which promises to assume alsrming proportions. The lIoonee Ponds Creek last evening was within six inches of the 1891 record, while the itecrostion Reserve was con verted into a lake, the tips of the pickets round the ground being dis cernible. The flats at Flhmington andl I Kensington are'also under water, and I much inconvehience is chseed thereby. A good joke is tld of a little incideot which occurriied duriing the present eolcion campaign. <A candidato whoso reputation for gush is noted, eatered the office of a certain 'loqdacinus elector, and began businesa tight off.', "Oh, Mr.-- I've called in to solicit your vote and influence, your powerful influence." ,- Ah," said the elector, "I'm very sorry I can't oblige you, as I am already pledged to Mr.- , another candidate." "Oh," said thb not to-bo- suppressed. "he hasn't the ghost of a show; you are only throwing your vote away, and I am surprised at your practically, disfranchising .yourself." "Well; I've prdmised, and-there's an end of it, so my vote is fixed." Tableau: The other candidate, whoso feelings rmay be better imagined;thasi describod, was also sitting in the office behind the door, which folded inward, but was safely guarded by the elector,who was virtually stmading beldeeii two red liot rivals.'Next Monday will reveal the value of the respective opinions. A fly will lay four times during the summer, about eighty eggs each time, and careful calculations have demonstrated that the descendants of a single insect may from June I to the end of Simtomber exceed 2,000,000. Were it not for bats, insect eating birds, and the innumerable micro scopic parasites with which the fly is par ticularly ,filicted, there a oeld: be no worse pest in the world than the fly. The Ascot Vale State School has been closed owing to'the orevalence of nioneles. It is stated that nearly 300 children have recently been absent owing to the outbreak. The schoolswill be closed for a week or two, when the epidemic will in all pirob ability have run its course. It is unfor tunate that at ;thisdjuncture there should hbe no health oflicert to thetown, Dr. Fish bourine 'resignfitiot iaiing bien sicepted by the Council on Tuesday last. Fresh applications, however, hiave been called, and the sooner the position is filled the better for the residents. In another coldmna will: be found a special advertisement from AMr. W. Trott, who informs one and all that he has taken thi e North I Melbourno' Auctioni laoohis, Queensberry Street. Mr. Trott is well anl favourably known, and as lie is in touch with the whole of the district, any person requiring assistance in the auctionecriug line cannot :poasibly adopt 'a more wiee counrse than vieitihin p oinitu at 139'nad 141, next to the tnioziesll4j,§ The honour of being on the grand jury, which is regarded as a very high eompli inent in England, will no doubt brio?g out a host of place-hunters for theposition. The maximum .'niinber'iiitwenty:tlree, with a tiinimtim of twelvo gooidsad tfrue ýperidones who6 fter the 'consideratioe of the evidence already given will edorere it with either a ° true bill' or "no bill." The committee of the North Melbotiro Union Ilemorial'Philharmonic Societh mot last week, and drew tip a code of rules for the guidance of 'tho' society. MrJas. Hamilton, the secretary, is displaying much interest to make the society a success, and apparently he has aroslsed ano bnthllusiam that will only be satisfied by the produtc tion of now cantatae, &c.;, by the inemnbers, under the conductorshlip of Mr. P. O. Alexander. ': . --. "i r It has boon decided to forim a literary and debating :eocety at Essedoenri,nd Messrs. .Frase?i Soirlett, Crockell, ?and Itobertson have been Cappbinted a pro visional committee to draw up rules, &c.;, and prepare a syllabus of essays and f debates for the remainder of the year. ; Numerous promises of support have been received. , The work of forming the centre of the Flemington Road has been comms ced, and the contractor is making very good a progress with his work. That portion of r the road between Villiers and HIarcourt t Streets has been kerbed, and looks very queer in ituspresdnt exalted state. ,When r the sides of the road are fniashed, however, this thoroughfaro will be a considerable improvement on the present desert of dust which has existed there so long It is only due to Cr. Barwise to say that it r is solely owing'" to his persistent efforts s that this work has at last been taken in hand. rod wmlen the work has beesi s.. pleted he will have the satisfaotion of pointing to one of the finest thoroughfares in the town, and saying that lihe was the man who woe inestrumental in having it brought to its present creditable state. The presentation of trophies which was a to have taken place on the Moonee Ponds bowling green last Saturday, was, owing to the very unpropitious weather, postponed till next Saturday, when it is to be hoped the elements will be more favourable. A friendly game of bowls will also be played between the looilec Ponds and Flemington clubs. 1 In our last issue we drew attention to the fact that several teamsters trading between Alelbonrne and the Bendigo and Ballarat' goldfields are doing a thriving trade, being able to carry goods at a greatly reduced rate, as compared with the rail C ways. Since last week, however, circum n stances over which the teamster has no r control, but that will occasion a stoppage, r have occurred. Tho recent rains have, wherever the road is soft and spongy, made it nearly an impossibility to tmake progress withlheavy loads without extra haulage power and as this means additional expense an increase on the freights from 303. to £2 is required. Added to this, the Keilor Shire Council on the Bendigo route find 1 that the bridges are being considerably shaken, and have accordingly issued a by-law imposing conditions tlhat practically amount to a prohlibition agaiinst the draiw Sing of traction engines in thel shiro. At Sall events, wlhat promised to find occupa tions for several of the unemployed has booeen suddenly nipped in the bud, but it is to be hoped that cre lobng any difficulty that may have suddenly arisen will be as The diOrmond o ricket Clotub Social will be hold at an early date in August. SlMr. II. Randall, Electoral Registrar, I reports issuini 5 lSlectors' ;rightas for the 1 Fleminkto Ro 'd divisiod and nine for th6 e Boyal Park division. r PsiNio.-Mesers. and Miss Bobertg, a the well- known teachers of dancing, hqti t matet they give lostructions daily in Fashionable Dancee, including the Modero Waltz first introduced by them into the colony, and which is stillthu chief feature of ball-room piroi'ui'oies.( Olases are I held every day hind 'eveoingi. Privatli t tSe-"wc by apoim,'eous.L 195 Collins St. 