The Humorous Side of the Scottish Character. A CRACK A150OT AULD TIMES. On Monday evening Mr. James Inglis, member of the Legislative Assembly al New South Wales a.iil formerly Minister for Education, delivered one of his inimitable lectures in the School of Arts oa behalf of the Toowoomba Hospital. The audience was disgustingly small, considering the reputation of the lecturer who had several times already favoured this town. Mr. R. Aland, chairman of the Hospital Committee, presided, but his colleagues were conspicuous by their absence. After a few pleasant introductory remarks, the lecturer alluded to the popular belief as to Scottish humour— that it was like the Hospi tal Committecincn on that occasion, in fact —conspicuous by its absence. Although he did not mention the committee at all. The Scotch, then, were supposed to be shrewd, practical, conceited, clannish, persevering, acquisitive, and so on, but utterly devoid of humour. This was not true. Scotch humour there was in abundance, but to understand it people must understand the Scotch nature and character. To do this the early history of the -country must' be studied. Regard must be had to the inces sant struggle in a rigorous climate, a land infested with wolves and other wild beasts; the rugged configuration, unfertile soil, imperfect means of communication; the few large towns under the dominance of foreign idea and learning ; the people torn by factions and intertribal feuds ; husbandry neglected, the farmer's hand ready to grasp either stilt of plough or claymore as circum stance necessitated. They must try to imagine the long fore-nights, the want of books, scanty fare, absence of culture, tribal estrangements, natural environment of morass and forest, swift stream and craggy fell ; the savage grandeur of rocky pass and trackless loneliness of upland moor — how all these acted on the character of the people, and so 'the rugged Scot ' grew up — stern, suspicious, ? hardy, undemonstrative ; in peace, slow, meditative, poetic, superstitious ; m war, quick to resent, ready to plan, fast to execute, cruel, dogged, determined, hard to conquer, quick in expedients, resolute in action, implacable in his revenge. In fact, the ancient Scot was more or less barbarous, rugged, wild, and untamed like the wind that whistled round his rocky mountains or the surging sea that hissed and stormed upon the beetling cliffs that confronted the march and foam of the wintry, wild Atlantic. Up to quite a recent date there was no middle class, such as we know now. There was the chief on one side and the clansmen on the other. The laird, or chief, was paramount and fealty to him the one supreme virtue ; the blood of kinship and clanship the one living political power. Anecdotes (with which the lecture abounded) illustrative at once of the character of the people, the ethics of the time, and the subject matter of the lecture — Scottish humour— were given to show the influence of the chief. On one occasion a clansman complained not only of being insulted but of being in sulted ' in presence o' yer honour's am horse.' On another a round dozen of ricvers had been captured and ordered to be hanged But one managed to escape, and on the morning of execution the seneschal was in despair. The tale of corpses must be made up somehow. An auld wife was ready for the emergency. 'Jock,' said sha to her guid man, 'just gang up and be hanged to please the land.' At one time the death penalty was so common that hanging and beheading was spoken of as lightly as we speak of being run in for drunkenness. A widow relating the manner of death of her dear departed, who suffered through being mixed up in treasonous doings, continued : ' So they liackit the heid off him. It was na muckle o1 a heid— but it was a great loss to him, puir fellow.' It would be hard to beat this for unconscious humour. Returning to the graver matter of his dis course, the lecturer dealt, in a conspicu ously free manner, with the influence of the church, Catholic and Reformed. While liberally acknowledging the nobler traits called iorth by IVesbyterianism, he admitted that the national character felt the repressing influence of the 'sour regime.' The expression of natural feeling became studiously repres sed. It became a sin to show natural emotion at all. This begot a smug Pharisaism, a sanctified hypocrisy on the part of many, and a hard rigour, a prag matic harshness of judgment on the part of others. The free unrestrained exuberance of youthful feeling was scowled down, and a settled gloom became the common attribute of the people. ' Ye maunna whustle on the Sawbath day ' passed into a proverb. To dance or sing was heincms, but for a minister to play the fiddle was the seven deadly sins rolled into one. As the play of natural emotion could not be absolutely and entirely stifled, so came about that that sly, J-att-ky, half apologetic, half shamefaced enjoyment of a joke so characteristic of the Scot — that restrained humour which deals in hint and innuendo, which only places half an incident before you and leaves the rest to be inferred ; which seeks to give even the broadly ludicrous a solemn twist, and which make Scotch jokes oftimes seem so laboured ponderous, and so incomprehensible to the bewildered and uninitiated outsider. Many amusing illustrations of this species of sly witty criticism were given, of which one must suffice. A young probationer delivered a pulpit address after the raging, riotous style fashionable in Scotland a few years ago, if not still. At its conclusion he said to an old parishioner, ' What did ye think o' my sermon, John ?' ' Oh, deed, sir,' responded the solemn-faced critic, ' it was a1 soun'.' The preacher went away in the happy belief that his doctrine was all sound, whereas John considered the sermon ' all sound ' — and fury. The poverty of the church and its ministers was illustrated by many laughable stories. To keep theii Ministers poor seemed to be regarded as a sacred duty by the lay rulers of the church, as exemplified hy the prayer of the elder in the Kirk Session : 'Lord, keep our minister poor and humble.' Then correcting himself : 'If ye keep him humble, Lord, we'll take care 'at we keep him poor.' On another occasion the guide at the ruins of I.inlithgow Castle said to a lady: 'Yer man'll be a meenister, mem?' 'Yes,' answered the lady in some surprise, for her husband was not in clerical attire ; ' how did you know that ?' ' He gie'd me sax pence. They never gic mair.' The Scottish Presbyterian sermon' with its innumerable heads and subheads was humorously analysed and the lecturer dealt feelingly upon the memory of his childish struggles to keep his eyes open until die glad sound of the words ' in conclusion' aroused him as effectually as the dinner-boll. ,/? ?: Yet was there balm in this dry, sour, puritainical, priest-ridden Gilead. Whiskey was plentiful, cheap, and ooou. The lec turer always made a. great point of the quality of the national beverage. It is duly appreciated to-day though not to the ex tent indulged' in the good old times, when a laddeii to ' lowscn the neckties ' of the guests as they fell beneath the table was a recognised institution in the house hold. On one occasion a guest, instead of gracefulsliding under the mahogony, gave up the ghost and remained sitting at this Egytian orgic for the others were too conscien tious topers to interrupt the carouse by re moving the corpse. Humour, indeed, was carried to the very ileath-bed. Qu one occasion an old parishioner was dying, rather carelessly as it seemed to the minister. ' Do ye no reflect upon your awfu' situation ?'? he asked. ' Are ye no afr.aid (o meet the ijLing of Terrors ?' ' Deed no, mcenister,' was' the reply. ' I have lived sax and thirty years with the Queen o' Terrors (poiiting to his wife) and I'm no fleyed for the King o1 them.' 'In conclusion, '!the lecturer asked,'1 what . ' practical thought can we carrj away with us from the auld times we have had a crack about? I have referred to the battles of our ancestors, to the baptism of blood, and jhe strife that called into being so many of the sturdy, manly virtues; that we love to think are characteristic of -qiir race. Well, friends, pur warfare ? is riot accomplished. No man liveth to himself. While selfishness and, misery, and ignorance, and error and filthj both' moral and physical exist, true leal- hearted Scots need be in no want of foes. Think of the unclcanness of the cities, of the fell diseases that as a con sequence may at any moment break out. Think of the laziness and ignorance and ineptitude of many minds around us. Think of the improvements that have to be made ; of the forces of nature we have to wrest to do our will ; of the victories to be won over superstition and indolence and indifference. Foes enough, in good sooth — fees enough to call for the united efforts of every good man and true, be he Scot or Celt or Saxon or lithe young Australian, to put them do.wn — to sweep them away from this fair young sunny land of ours, and make of Australia a glory among the nations, a joy for the whole earth. It is said we Scotchmen are proud, as we are proud : proud of our history, proud of the achievements of our forefathers ; but while we glory to speak of these, that is not enough. It is not sufficient to say. We must DO. We must eclipse these achieve ments by yet greater and nobler ones. We' must vindicate and justify our proud pre tensionsby noble deeds, by righteous acts, by enlightened conduct, by liberal sympathies, by pure example, by elevated character and holy aspirations, and by kindly, generous, and Christian coon humour. It is said we arc clannish ; and so we are ; but while we love our kith and kin and those who speak the auld mither tongue, we would have our pulses stirred by a sympathy as broad as our common humanity, and as deep and wide as the charity and love of the divine Ideal. In short, while we, who are of the old land, do not love dear auld Scotland the less on account of our love to this sunny land of our adoption, we would gladly, manfully, loyally, and lovingly cast in our lot with our mingled brethren of sunny Australia, and show them that in the grand battle of right against wrong, of light against darkness, of righteousness and truth against sin and error, the Scottish breed has not degenerated, and that the brave Scots tongue can cry as devotedly, as loyally, and as heartily as any, the common aspiration of us all — Advance Australia ! The audience throughout showed the heartiest appreciation of both the humorous and graver portions of the subject-matter, and greeted the close with an enthusias tic burst of applause. During the course of the lecture Mr. Ingjis sang in his wonder ously sweet and tuneful voice, ' Oh sing to me the auld Scotch so:igs,' 'Whistle o'er the lave o't,' ' The spinning wheel,' and 'We're a' John Tamson's bairns.' An excitable auditor caused considerable annoy ance by his interruptions, and not the least entertaining part of the lecture was the ready, witty, and good humoured manner in which he was put down from time to time by Mr. Inglis. A vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. Ogilvic and seconded by the chairman, was tendered to Mr. Inglis for his most interesting and e-itertaining disccurse. Mr. Inglis, in reply, tendered some weighty advice to the younger portion of the audience and strongly recommended for tliuir perusal ' Gesta Chris/i' a new work by a clever American author. A vote of thanks to the chairman, pro posed by Mr. Inglis and carried by acclamation, concluded the proceedings. 