The Doctor's Step-daughters. By 0. Stafford. CHAPTER I.-LOVE'S COMrPLICATIONS. it I-~ IEN, my dear Tina, all I have to say is this: under the circumstaceus, it is time you provided for yourself, and if you will not do so by marry ing old Clinton. you must find some otter way of getting a home of your OWln." "A home1? I have a home!" "Indeed! Where ?" Iferbertina West's grey eyes opened . ide with the question. Was her step father glone mad ? " Why, here in my mother's houlse." she said. Dr. forris was a small man with a fresh colour, t hil-k, raither curling brown hair, dapper professional air. and11l slow, distinct way of speaking. Tina was a tall girl, so tllhat her eyes and tlose of her stepfatllr os lie canme forward, stooping slightly with Ihis pince-nez dangling fromo his rather knulckly little hand, were on a level. and had she an swered his gaze, she might ha1ve seen in it a twinkle of fun somewlat contra dieting the words ho let fall one by one with the "choppy" distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) peculiar to Iim. "A house cannot belong to one who nolonger exists," went on the doctor. "Psactically, this lhouse never did belong to your mother, nor to me. for the matter of that, till seven years after her death. When she and I married. I 1n derstood it belonged to her; lint in reality , the house. the house furniture even the i,uood-will of your father's lwne tice-wele mortgaged to such an extent, that it took use till long after your poor mlother's death to free the 1place front debt. Your father had muanaged to bring matters into this delightful im broglio before lie married your mother; and the only real posse0ssions youlr mnother ever had in this holse were her two lhusbands and her five girls." The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a little more to the surface a? lie went on: "She bequeathed her five girls to me, her second husband. A beqluest surely means possession, and possession iliatns -well, at least, the power to advise." Tina'i face was crilson. 11cr lonlg, dark lashes which. in company with tthe eyes they were helping to veil, were tile chief beauty of her small, pelaked face, were suddenly lifted, land she looked half-indignanldy, half- wistfully sit her young step-father. All kinds of inpleasant feelings had visited her as she listened. The truths just mentioned to her by the doctor were not altogetlher new to her. She had been old enough at the time of her mother's second mar riage to catch up. and be hurt by, seuips of eoirersation am1ong servants and certain of her mother's lady friends. She remembered, too, how much better life had been for herself and her sisters after the yonug doctor appeared on the scene and her mother had figured as Mrs. Morris. instead of as Mrs. West. Never before, however, had the ghost of a hint of this seamny side of the life which Dr. Morris and Iis step-danglhters had spent to gether for thirteen years dropped from hiut, n-l she was thoroughlly puzzled by his present mood. Looking at him, her cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, and her little fair face gradu ally sunned itself over with the expression of canimradcric which years of half fatherly, half-brotherly friendliness had taught the little doctor's step.daughter to wear to hinm. "I did allow you to advise me," she said, smiling, in spite of herself, at the lialf-teasing, half-carnest manner le had quietened down to. "1 only re fnsed totake the advice.and any girl over twenty-one, let her circumstances lie what they may, should be considered free to refuse anything so unsuitable. Why, the very term youn used just now in speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the mlsuitableness. You called him 'Old Clinton,'" she finished. Dr. Morris swung round on his heel, his frock.coat flying out at a tangent in company with the pinc.incz, wlhich he still held dangling between finger and thnnll, and laughed heartily. "Conl found it, Tina, 1 used tse tadjective as an expression of affection, don't you know. Of course, a man of thirty-eight isn't in his first youth-he isn't rarl exactly; but Clinton is as sound as a bell. I am speaking professionally, you understand. I sounded him a month algo for all Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot safer than that of many a lad of twenty-two or three, who may have all sorts of seeds of disease lurking about Lim ready to declare theliseslvres in a year or two." SWhat a way of looking at it!" said T'ina, with a disgusted air, walking iawiay to a window, and staring down into the stric:tof the qu'int, country town. Dr. Morris dropped hiis pinllce.nlcz, and in a ITlomlent of forgetfulness of pro fessinl5 digniity, stlulifed his hands into his trouserpockhets. " Look here," said ihe, regarding resentflly thIe wisp of a slender figure nt the wilndow; " whenl it suits yol to do no. you speak of my thirty.nine years with the nlluost disrespeet." " You're dilflerent." said Tinal, without looking rounld. " lou're Inot bald, and you'v re not got a front tooth sut. I'vre six false ones," unblushingly confessedi the doctor. " Wel,. you're not wanlting to marry somebody of my age," said Tina. The doctor bit his lip for a second, ,thl e t coolly rem a ,led, " } es , I[ a ." Tisra turned -ecd. hier hands falling fr0m tteir -. ..us playing withl the blind-tassel, and each clutchling a small Ihandful of the long, stiaiglit foldls of her pretty dress. Thile doctor strode across and placed her a chalir. Tina sailt down in it-she wassn'Lt sle,to do anlything else-and shyly looked up into his face. Tihe doctor's fresh colour beecame evel, fresher in ho1. " I anll prescn ly, p~re.asot.-yl,"he added,reassuringly,wit h, :a doltwalrd glance at Tina's lliturned face. "to nmirry Miss Ada Lavington, Banker Luvington's eldest daughter." Tins sank back in the chair with a muf- 1 "Jed little 1Oh, dear !" then sat suddenly aslS again, with quick flash of temper, '01, I do so dislike her," she said. 'I know yon do, my dear." said tie \--doctor, cheerily nd calmly, using much the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that the wind was in the north-east; " therefore, there are -complications in what would otherwise have been sinmplicity itself." "Tasck,jack, coom along t' chuch, -t' chlncb " interlupted a strIident voice. The sound came from the direction of a second window in the drawing-room; thile window overlooked a garden, and -was supplied with a balcony, on the lail of whicl,_hung a ~cker.cge e. The S.*age ought to have contained a jack. law, but did not. as the jackdaw was coning with a hop and three strides alternately across the drawing-room carpet towards Tina, hlinging ea?ch three strides to a neat finish with the pertinent remark, "JTack, Jack, cooms along t' chlich, t' chuch!" "Jack, you bad bird ! you're opened that cage-door again." Tina: held her hand out inritingly to the sleek, long. beaked creature, then, as the under taker-looking object reached her side, she bent foiward and what sle called "pulled his hair,"-that is, the silken, nnfeatherlike plumage at the top of the jackdaw's thead. The doctor looked on with uneasiness depicted on his countenance; he was sawking a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the "fiend in feathers." as he called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the jackdaw there were permanent hostilities. "It seemed to me," he began again, with a dry cough, "that the proposal of dear old Clinton was a special Inter. position of Providence, since Miss Lav. ington declares she will be glad to share my efforts to make msy younger step clhildren happy, but that she has no hope of succeeding in anything of the kind with you." "I see," said Tina,it must be confessed, a little viciousiy; "she proposes to get away fron her own step.mother by becooming one herself." The doctor's mouth titclhed comically at the corners. "No, I proposed it," he said, strategically compounding with "Jack" for an attack just about to be commenced on his boots, by pitching the bird a sixpence, wliereupon Jack flew, with his prize. to the lap of his mistress, and there, standing in the centre of her spread.-ot pocket- handkerchief, pro cceded to display thow much a living jackdaw can look like a dlead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. " Why, Ada Lavington, when her father married again, went about every where saying how horrid it was of hMrs. Fairlcighi to consent to become the step mnother of grown.up step-daugh;Itters," broke out Tina again, with a fresh out. burst of indignation. " Did she " said the doctor. "It is always possible to clhange one's opinion, :iand Miss Lavingtn 'so relations with Iher stepmother have proved so satis factory, tha:t it nmst hare been mosnt enico:lraglg, most encouraging." The little doctor's tone was half facetious, but there was a hurt look on his face. and the next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which argued that heie had not quite done with Tina. "I thlink I 1,tay say" 11he began gain, accordingly, "that Miss Lavming toiin views the rigfiht or wrong acceptance of my suit more with regarld to her happiness and mine than to ?er position as the wife of a step-fatier.:' Tina received the shot in a vulnerable part. " Oh, this is dreadful." she said, "I see it. is different. Oh, we must all' go away." She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the Iop of his head. and now, excited to emulation by the slight raising of her voice, lie, with that uniggaccefil conversational action peculiar to jack. daiws, pulped out of himself, as it were, the words: " Go away, go 'long." The jerking of the ihead downward sent tlie six)penee rolling across the room, and the doctor, who was of alln orderly turn of mind, went in pursunit of it. "No, you are not all to go away," lie answered, micanungly, as he retiurned, poeketing the sixpsence as lie camse, in spite of the longing in Jack's acqmisi. tive, stony eye. "But this conversation has given mie no reason to alter my previous idea, that either by marrying Clinton-1 don't know why bc's fool eniough to want you-o-r by some other mneans, it would blie desirable for you, under tihecircsumstances of imy approach. ing imarriage, to makea start in life for yourself." Tina sprang to hler Xeet, sending the nnpreparecd jackdaw, with cut swings outspread, headlong to the floor, a strong instinct of self-preservation causing him to retire hurriedly, cawing as le went. to the empty cage. Dr. Mot-rris followedl the bird across the carpet, shut the window it passed .;rouighl with a bang, and then faeed found again. "Tina," le said, "upon iay word, I feel ready to knock myself down for saying it to you, but I've no one to say it for me, and you must see that there's no reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doesn't, like you, look on a man of that age as on the verge of decrepitude' should devote hlirmself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom lie has already done tll lie can. Your four sisters, I am quite sure, will rub along well enough, with the lady tc whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, will not." :" You and she, then, only want me out of the way," said Tina,panting forbreath in the little gust of temper whlich for the moment took possession of her, " Well, I will not marry Mr. Clinton to .oblige that girl." " You will not marry Mr. Clinton; I will see you do not," said the doctor, wtlite in Iis turn. "The poor fellow must be blinit to want to share tile rest of his days with an undisciplined, big child like yon." Tina broke down; she was even now beginnlng to be ashamed of herself. With a asanting sob, tears rained down behind tis two~ smitall hands she raised to hide them. T'lherce was a rap at the door, and when Tins bent down, as if to look foi a piece of lulsie, inl reality to tide iberstreai ing face, aservalnt came.in . " Please, sir, there's a gratis-patient in the consulting.room, and the assis tant isn't back yet." Tihe doctor strode out and shut the door after him. 