With reference to the late New Zealand —Queensland match, Mr. H. E. Barlow, whose judgment Toowoombaites who know anything of the history of local football will be inclined to value, writes thus to a friend : 'Just a line to congratulate the old team on their representative's play yesterday against the Maoris. He was one of the two or three forwards who did justice to Queens land, (jrasp his Hipper when you see him and tell him I am sorry I could not convey my congratulations personally ? after the match, having to run away to catch my train. It was a most disappointing match from start to finish, the ball being in the scrum nearly the whole time, and the few times it ? was passed out by. our boys the backs mulled it. Paul (another old Aubigny) played a fine game at lull back and Austin ['i), Warbrick and Allman (1) did good work in their respective places, but the less said about the remainder of . the team the better. How is the old team getting along ? I never hear much of Toowoomba football now, and have given the game up for a season or two.' As is pretty generally known by this time that New Zealand in the second match with Queensland on Saturday last ploughed the ground with 'em, to speak figuratively. I have not met a single individual up to the time of writing who is not firmly convinced that a dark scheme is afoot to mislead him prepara tory to filling his heart with joy. But alas ! the bad news is only too true— and more than that, I learn that the defeat was not a consequence of inferior play on the part of. Queensland. In fact it is acknowledged on all sides in Brisbane that the representative team never possessed the ghost of a show with their opponents. Queensland was out classed in every department of the gaine ; the passing of the Maoris was lightning-like and precise as a machine, their running and kicking faultless, and their charges irre sistible. Of the big score of 35 points only 6 were made from kicks from the field, the rest being tries. The selector, Mr. Fred Lea, has acknowledged that he has never seen football played sc well before, and on the whole a revelation has been made to Queenslond that in the exuberance of her conceit is perhaps the best thing that could have happened. With the exception of a little nervousness to commence with; O'Shea's services to the team were, as usual, most valuable, and M'Cowan played a lauitiess game, ui our 'Bol- ' 1 only know that he was the sole Quecnslnnder to cross the Maoris' line, but even the poor satisfaction of a single try was rudely denied us. ('Bob' has a laint impression of a flight of about 10 yards). Of the visitors Wynyard and M'Kenzie were most trouble some, the former crossing the line no- less than three times, A meeting of the Moonlight F.C. is called for Tuesday night in the Oddfellows' Hall, at 8 o'clock. As the business is important all members are icqucsted to attend, ' ' 