SYBIL CHASE ; B OR I p THE GAMBLER'S WIFE. B a » i < i ... fl CHAPTER XI. B the FEMALE. LAGO. B u enSagement between Laurence B and Margaret Waring had been a B family affair, and brought about princi- B PaBy by the romance of a maiden aunt, H il,n . W»om the young woman was a B X: .favourite, B Edward had been under this reh- B tive's charge after the death of his U parents, which occurred during his childhood, and she had ' petted . and spoiled the boy as only a spinster could B have done. B Mf- Waring, the uncle of Margaret. M was one of Miss Laurence's neighbours, B and , the girl had almost been as great M a favourite with the spinster as her own j nephew. ' : Indeed, it was said that Mabel Laur el ence had loved Margaret's father in her B youthful days ; but how that might be B no one well knew, for the old maid B wisely kept her own secrets, as women, B after all, are apt to do when there is B . . .. nothing to gratify the vanity in them. B But it happened that the boy and B girl were reared up almost like brother B and sister, and the two houses were al- most equally homes to both. B Edward, then a youth of twenty, was travelling in Europe, and by one of the old lady's last commands was to remain \- there at least a year longer. Wh en the B Will .was ODehed. it was found tn rnn- tain, a singular clause— one common B enough in novels, and as the spinster B had been an insatiable devourer of B b'ght literature, it is quite probable that B ., she derived from thence the idea which--. B ' ;fs f?'f'e.?sed in the testament. B Her fortune, which was a very, large B one, was divided equally between ; her B nephew and Margaret Waring, on con- dkion that they became husband and otherwise, there was no provision B mhde for Margaret, and a Ismail annuity ,, >vas left to Laurence. B . . Nqw, I am not drawing upon my B imagination for these details. B Miss Laurence-was convinced that S; I a'cA%rg®ret and, her. nephew had loved ,.?ach_ other from chhdhood, so she' believed -hefs'elf -actihg for their owir B«; ujiiappmess. . B $5% Edward Laurence, returned hom'e when Margaret was seventeen; the engagement had been B -regarded as a settled 1 thing. The young people loved each other-rthere BH could. he no. doubt of that. : B Two years before the commence-, B ment of this record, Mr. Waring bad to ' B go to the south for his health, and it I u'as necessary to provide a companion Br ' ' for -Margaret - during his absence. B Some people introduced Sybil Chase, and 'She. spent the winter in the family, j B From the time of her entrance into I B that house. could be dated the real un- happiness of the young pair. B- ;? .'Sybil. had been brought up by a bad, B. unprincipled mother, educated far be- B yond what the woman's means xould permit, and for what end only her. .own j B erratic mind ever knew. B v\e will not inquire too closely into B the records of that Bohemian life. It B is sufficient for. our story that she at B length took up her residence with Mar- 1 B garet Waring, just as that young : lady's B engagement to young Laurence became B known. B How it came about, Margaret could B never have told; but before she was B . many weeks in the house, Sybil Chase B had made herself of the utmost impor ts tance there. . B When Margaret had time to think, B she felt a certain unaccountable repug- B nance to Sybil ; yet in her society there was a charm which few people could have resisted. I With all the wild fervour of her . passionate; youth, Sybil became fatally . attached to young Laurence; yet so firm was her self-command, so deep B her nnwprQ nf r?iTrvltVif«v : uuiiuu, tiiau sue yave no sign of the passion that consumed ber. In the depths of her soul she was > resolved that the man she loved should never fulfil his engagement ; but just as . sbp was beginning to weave her meshes afOund him, Mr. Waring returned home, broke up his establishment, and i I' proceeded with his daughter on a lon<y j .tour through the Y'est Indies and! . Southern States. I. Once more this singular young crea-i I ture was thrown back upon her mother's support. An imperfect re- conciliation took place between them, and she sank gradually into her old life, which became more and more irk- . some, from contact with persons so un- like those with whom she had been B recently associated. With her mind in this restless state, B she heard that young Laurence had iuuuwcu ma oetrotnea to Cuba, in which, place the marriage had taken place; The news stung her to madness. In B- ' the .first paroxysm, of wounded affection B and mortified pride, she fell in with Philip Yates, married him privately, B- and ran . away. Br In two years she came back to her mother again, but to be the protector, B not the dependent, now. B She had money, which was shared generously, with the old wornqn, but, m a Hv r;-Sliprt- time, this .constant . cqmpanion- . ,slp with an unrefiped. and evij- B woman became riiheridurablel' Sybil. B was in no state of mind to accept the B- rvdidl - life- panted ; in'th'e-;com'pafiioh-v snip. ' B- \\\rhile this fervour was strong upon her, she met Laurence in the street. I She choked down "the. passion 'that I . swelled in her throat, and inquired I kindly if his wife had been seriously \- Laurence laughed:- -; _ . .... "Wife," he answered, colouiino- a little, ! - " Oh, Maggie ana I are not married yet. The old gentleman says that We are young enough to wait." Sybil's heart . bounded in her bosom. Her eyes flashed— be could not1 al together . conceal the, triumph of = her joyi : " " Are you ever coming to see Mar garet?" he said. "Margaret— Margaret Waring? Oh, yes." ' The old gentleman is seriously ill again. You ought to come. lie often says ho one ever proved so good a nurse as you." ''The good and generous old man. I will go -to him." She went to Waring 's house the next dav, and stayed there. ' Mr. Waring was ill and selfish ; he would not let her go away. She yielded with apparent reluctance, and commenced her; work; By her soft words, broken sen fences; and subtle looks, Margaret and Laur- ence had become almost completely estranged, and nothing but the per suasion of mutual friends prevented their breaking the engagement which bound them. Sybil looked on and waited, fostered their difficulties, and watched for the moment that should secure the victory to her lov.e. She was greatly aided by the manner in which their betrothal had been brought about, the consequences of which had been exactly those a. wise person would have anticipated. The romance of an . involuntary en gagement wore rapidly away. Both . were pained, and each blamed the other for things which were at once the fault and the misfortune of a forced position. Margaret . .as proud and exacting, I morbidly sensitive, and her high .spirit revolted at the idea of submission. On the other hand, Edward was as passionate and .imperious as he could possibly be; his temper was violent, and whenithat was roused, he gave way to every reckless word that anger could suggest. The young girl grew ;cold and un sympathetic, careless of exciting his ra.gej but often taking refuge in an icy impassibility, which excited him , more than any . recrimination . .would : have done., A stubborn, obstinate: will de veloped itself in her character, against whicli the waves of her lover's passions beat in vain ; but thatxesolutionj sepa rated them still further. au tnis naa been the growth of Sybil's subtle influence. For the first period of their engagement they had been very happy! J Had they both been older and wiser, both, parties might have done much towards changing the state of things. Margaret was made to ; believe that her lover' had ceased to care for her, and wished to continue his engagement only that he might tyrannise and com- I mand. Her health had become delicate, the bloom of early girlhood was fading, and although . still' very lovely, she had learned to think her beauty gone, and dqcided that with it. all affection had departed from the heart of her be trothed. He was irritated by the indifference with which, she treated every attempt at a reconciliation, and the violence of Iric fomnav J 1' 1 uiwcabuu in proportion to the pain of his position. They suffered greatly, those poor, blind creatures. Daily the cloud which had descended upon their home grew j blacker, and swept them still further apart. The marriage of this young couple had been deferred from various causes, the principal one belonging to Mr. Waring's' frequent illness and the deli cate state in which Margaret's health had. fallen during the past year. Laurence almost made his home -at the house, and as he had no profession or settled business, he found more tifeie than was requisite for making himself miserable, and.gave way to all manner of repinings. During her former residence- at Waring's house, it had chanced that : Hinchley had never seen Sybil Chase. and her very existence was almost un- j known to him, before that introduction on the hillside. Thus she had no fears of a recognition, .or that her face would bring back to, him that fearful night in the valley ranch. With her : cheeks as fresh as the roses, Miss Chase descended thei stairs, J went forth to the garden, and pro ceeded to the rose thickets, looking j | beautiful and bright as the dewy scene that surrounded her. She had a basket on her arm, a pair of scissors in her hand, and daintily snipped off the stem of such blossoms as pleased her. Occasionally, in the midst of her employment, Miss Chase glanced to wards the hall door. ..The. first .person who had. appeared was Mr. Laurence He saw Svhil. anH wnllr I her. Miss Chase was greatly occupied just then, and gave no attention to his approach. j. " Good morning," he said; "are you talking so sweetly with those roses that you can neither see nor hear ? " "I am trying to steal their colour,?' she.said, with an honest sort of frank- Lness that was very captivating. " Look at this bud, Mr. Laurence ; j did you ever see anything so beautiful?" " Lovely, indeed ; you perceive you .were over fastidious. about giving away your flowers, last night Margaret did not -prize them as highly as -vou ex pected!" " What nroof have vnn ? " " She gave one to Hinchley." ' OH, yes, so she did; but he is a relative, remember." " Who ever supposed he -was . any thing else?" "Oh, I thought— that is, from the . way you spoke—''.. . " What did you think ?". ' '>' . ''That .ypu .were. not .very p if I must say it," . $-4 "I thogght., yfe.ry ,r littje abpyt - l-he matter. I have no fancy for setting up as a pale-faced Othello." " Oh, dear, I should hope not ; there would be nobody but me to play Emilie, and I should certainly run I away, instead of standing by poor Des- demona. But I have to beg your par don for. my absurd mistake." " What do you mean ? " _ "For thinking you were displeased. I might have known you had more sense, but I have seen men who wbuld have pouted for a week over a trifle of less consequence." ; " Did you think it wrong ? " " No, but I am not a proper judge. I suppose every wife - ought to be ex- ceedinely careful ; but, then is a woman to be deprived of every bit of sentiment and. romance?" ' ' " I don't think Margaret is addicted to either. I should be sorry to believe it.", ; i "And I> too. But I must take my Dasicet of flowers into the house ; don't stand here fighting shadows, |Mr. Laurence." " I am not aware that I have been doing battle with any such- unsubstan tial thing," he answered. Miss Chase turned towards : the house ; he followed, but with a new train of thought awakened in his mind. He accompanied Sybil into j the breakfast-room,, helped her to arrange the flowers, and in the process they fell into a pleasant conversation. It was a full half-hour , before Hinchley or Mar garet made their appearance! A great deal can be done in i that length of time, especially when eqono- mised with as much wisdom as Sybil Chase was capable of employing. CHAPTER Nil. mother and daughter. Soon after breakfast, .Hinchley and Laurence rode over .to a neighbouring town upon, some business for Mr! Waring, leaving the two ladies alone. Miss Chase and. Margaret still sat in the breakfast room/ the latter pretend- ing to read the paper from very weari ness and disinclination to talk, while Sybil had some embroidery in her hand, and, under cover of that employ ment, i watched her companion with keen scrutiny. ! I am seized with a fever," she ex claimed suddenly. Margaret looked ud and smiled a little. "What is the name of it?" she asked. . "One common, enough to us poor, weak women— I waiit\a new spring dress. If it were hot for leaving you alone, I am inclined to run into town and make a purchase." "Do not let me detain you," re turned Margaret, feeling so ill at ease with herself and every person around hei;, that she was pleased with this pro spect of solitude. "I suppose the gentlemen will very soon return." " I am sure I do not know," she an swered, indifferently. " You, will not feel lonely if I go?" " Pray do not think me so foolish." "You know that I like to sit with you, Miss Waring." " But to-day go to town and shop if tne mania has taken possession of you. By the way, if you see any pink organdy, you may purchase it for me, and leave it at Mrs. Forrest's to be made up. I remember now, a new dress is the very thing I want." " I had better dress at once ; let me see, the train starts at eleven. I shall be in town at two o'clock." "Gh, yes; before, perhaps." " Have you any other command ? " she asked, pleasantly. " None, thank you ; what a fine day you will have." "Oh, lovely ; good morning." Margaret returned this farewell, and Miss Chase took, her departure. There the unhappy girl remained/ and let the hours float on while she gave herself up to a thousand bitter reflections. H'OW thf» nrnmicA nf nSr11.n/.J 1 3 I 1 , 7 — uau cheated her 1 The affection which she had believed was to brighten all coming years, was rapidly fading from her life!" While Margaret indulged in that mournful reverie, Sybil Chase was on her way to the city, smiling and pleas ant, affable to every one that came in her way, as she drove over to the station. Cheerful and handsome she looked, sitting in the train, and being whirled | rapidly along the pretty route on her way to town. She reached the city even earlier , than she anticipated, and went about her errands at once, with her accus tomed straightforwardness. When she bad completed her pur chases, Miss Chase took her way to a retired and somewhat unpleasant part of the town. She had her veil drawn, auu n ui iieu quicKiy aiong as it anxious not to be observed by any chance or other acquaintance. \ J She stopped before a-decent-looking J tenement-house, ascended the steps, glanced about with her usual caution to see that no one was watching her, and entered the hall. She mounted the weary staircase, which appeared inter minable, passed through several dark entries, and at length knocked \at one of the doors which opened into a pns- I sage nearest the roof. "Come in, can't you ; the dodr is not locked." So Miss Chase turned the knob,, opened the door, and entered a small; plainly-furnished room, bearing no evi- ucuci: ui i ne extreme poverty which oftentimes makes the tenement-house so dreary. A woman was seated near the little window, in a stiff-back chair.;., "So you've come," was her only salutation. ' " Yes ;. did you expect, me ? " I. expected yoii- three days'ago." ; . . " I was constantly occupied ; it was impossible for me to get here." j . ."Ypu need jnot lie," returned the j woman, curtly. y '' 4 I " I won't, " said Sybil, serene as ever. She seated herself opposite the fe male, and untied her bonnet-strings. The woman locked keenly at her, and a strange sort of affectionate look crept over her whole face. "You're brooding mischief," she pronounced suddenly. and emphatically, as if she would permit no contra diction. " What makes you think so ? " Sybil then exclaimed. ,f 'Cause you grow good-looking; when you get the bright, contented look, I always know there's something in the wind." " You are very wise," replied Sybil, evincing no displeasure at the accu sation. . " Yes, I ain't blind ; I've generally kept my eyes open going through this world." . " That is the onlv wav. if one does hot wish to run against the wall." " As you did once," retorted the woman,. with. a chuckle; "you know you did that, cute as you think your self. ' ' ' Sybil did not answer, but shrugged her shoulders slightly and gazed out of the window, occupied with her own re flections. " Now, don't act as if I was a log of wood," s&d; the woman, fretfully. " There is nothing makes makes me so mad." "I was waiting to hear what you would say next!" " What did you come for ?" " To see you, of course. I came because I thought you wanted some thing." " You should /have brought me some money three days ago. I hate to be behindhand with my rent " " Surely you ought to have enough for that ; you know how little money I possess." " Fiddle-de-dee ! Ask that Laurence for some. " " I cannot do that You must see how impossible it is." " There is nothing impossible where, money is concerned. But no matter, take your own way." "It is growing clear," said Sybil. "Time it did; you've made mistakes enough." Sybil did not appear desirous of pursuing the conversation. ; She took out her purse and counted several gold pieces into her ' palm, while the old lUAm/sri Via. ... ! . ..u.uuii na«,ui,u Utl \UIU CUVCIUUS eyes. " That will serve you until I come again," she Said, extending her hand. ".'That: is safe," said the old woman, more complacently ; : the touch of the money 'had evidently mollified her feelings. !': "'l' " Now, let us- talk- about something else— about your plans, say." "I cannot answer your questions; everything is dark yet— a few months will decide." " Don't you get- careless, you know." " There is no fear of that : I am not a child." " No ; and you have learned by the hardest means." " Do not ever speak of the past ; I can bury it now ; I have buried it ! ' " Well, it is a dead friend I guess you are not sorry to be rid of !" Svbil looked whife strained, unnatural expression, and her hands clenched together with the old force and tightness. . " It is all over — all over !" " Nothing to be afraid of I suppose, unless you believe in ghosts and such things." Sybil's face changed ; she dropped her hands; the color came back to her cheeks — she laughed outright, a defi ant, mocking laugh. "Not at all; no ghost will trouble me— not even his !" " Tell me a little how things go on." The woman drew close to her visi tor and inclined her head to listen at tentively. She noted every word and move- ment, while a bad expression crept over her face, until it seemed impossi- Die that it should ever have looked comely or pleasant. Sometimes she nodded approvingly ; once she laughed outright. Sybil put up her hand to check the meiriment, which would have grated harshly upon a less welhattuned ear than hers. " I must go now ; I shall not be back by dinner-time as it is," said Sybil. ' " I should be there; there is much I could do," said the woman. "I know that, if you could only con trol your temper." "Never you fear me; I can do that easy enough if there is anything to be gained by it.!' " One never knows what may hap pen. Always keep yourself in readi ness to obey my summons." " I could start at anv moment " "Me shall be obliged to wait; an opportunity may arise by which I could introduce you to the house." " Make the opportunity. A smart woman can. always do that." " Ah, you have not my prudence." " I guess you learned it lately ; but we won't quarrel. If I'm required I'll come." " You would not care in what way ; you would not mind the occupation ?" ' " Bless you, no : I'm good at any thing — general housework, .cooking it's all fish that comes to my basket" ' " Good-by !" said Sybil; I shall miss the train if I stop an.other mo ment." The woman followed Her to thp .do.or, gave some added parting ad- yi.ee, and watched her disappear down stairs. \ Then she returned to the room and set about preparing herself a cup of tea, chuckling occasionally in a sharp way like a meditative macaw, looking ,so unpleasant the while that a' timid ; individual .Would have been reluct ant to remain alone in the room with Ler?prrTri, M Continued - C 0 