CHAPTEB XXIX. FORGOTTEN. The housekeeper saw that he was trembling so that he- could scarcely stand, and she drew him. to a chair. He sank- into the cushioned depths of the large easy chair and lay with closed eyes, like a man weary and exhausted almost unto death. - Mrs Turfit stood and gazed at him in be wildered wonder. "What had changed him 60 frightfnlly ? She could not understand it. Suddenly there was a slight sound outside her door. Her viator started wildly and stared in that direction. " Lock it, for God's sake!" he whispered, with«haking lips. She went toward-the door, thinking she would turn the key to humor him, when before she could reach it it opened, and the impostor appeared upon the threshold, staring with eyes that seemed as if they would drop out of their sockets at the figure in the chair. His jaw fell, hisswollen cheeks seemed to collapse, and the purple flush on his face faded to a leaden, livid pallor. He-leaned heavily against the door-post, staring. Mrs Turfit was fairly grasping for breath. " Two of-them I" she mattered, in horrified accents, wondering if .she were not losing her mind. " Hot dead 1" Jasper ejaculated, almost un consciously, icy hands seeming all at once to elutchhim. His breath came thick, his limbs seemed Was he glad 1 Hid he even remember in | this supreme moment the agonies of remorse he had suffered, the pangs of guilty fear that; had torn his soul! Not at alll He only felt that the man whose identity he had stolen and whom he ^opposed dead and buried had come back to take from him all.that lie had won by his wickedness, and he hated him more bitterly than Cain did AbeL Kenrick, too, seemed stnnaed with amaze ment at first sight of his brother. " Fou here 1" he exclaimed at last, in stern and bitter toneB. "How is that? How come yon here 1 'Where do yon suppose l, have .been? To prison in your place 1 Sleeping in a felon's.-cell that .belonged to yon 1 How is it ? Why are yon here while I was there ? I could never convince Captain Dnnningthat I was not Kick Halsey. He sneered and mocked at everything I said, and he swore that if I contrived-to get away from prison every day in the year, just so often would he hunt me -down- and take me back.' He is aftpr me?now; he may come into this house at any moment. ^ What are yon going to do about it? Which shall he tab.e ? ' Jasper was thinking, fast. He glanced at the housekeeper and saw that -she- was com pletely sonfonnded and bewildered Every thing that Kenrick had said was to her .as if he had spoken in an unknown tongue. " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, "Captain Dunning shan't have either of us ; not you, .at any rate. Come with me and j let us talk it over. How tired yon look? Have you been ill?" 1 He went and pHt his arm around Kenrick j with anaffectionateair. « Come 1" he said, gently. At the same time he looked at Mrs Turfit. behind .his brother, and touching his fore head significantly, shook his head gloomily, i Poor Kenrick had been through so much, and, however he-had. escaped from Captain Donning,--was-still-euifering-from-the-effects of Doctor Varle's wicked drugs. , His brain was very far from clear. He | had suffered so much, been mocked at, jeered, and derided, that a kind word sank | into his soul. , , . Be was so weak in. body, and nuna that, after the first indignant outburst, his eyes filled with tears at his wicked brothers | hypocritical kindness and Joving manner, and he let Jasper take him where he would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Turfit as they were going oat. The housekeeper had scarcely j moved Bince he made his appearance at the door. . . "Won't yon bring ns a lunch to mv room ?" he said, graciously. " Oar friend , here seems faint. A few oysters, any cold meat, anything that comes handy, and- a | bottle of wine." . "No wine for me!" Kenrick broke in,,de cidedly. " Ton know how I hate :it, don't; yon, Mrs 'Turfit 1 .Bring me one of those delicious cups of tea you know so well how I to brew. Many a one you have made xor me." . „ _ The housekeeper gave him a quick, excited look, and Jasper bit his lip savagely. « One to the bad," he thought. " Why couldn't I remember how odd he always was about wine ?" As he conducted Kenrick elowly along -to his apartments he-wondered, with.a chilly thrill, .what was meant about Captain Dunnfng. Could there be anything in it ? "Howqueer too" he thought, "that he says nothing about his wife!" Kenrick Prince asked after his mother, and Jasper evasively told him she was well, but-he»never mentioned Sibyl, his wife. _ He was quite clear that he had been in prison in his convict brother's place, but he j could not tell how he got there. He remem bered nothing about the railway disaster, Doctor Varle, or his marriage. In-short, something very • queer seemed to havehappenedto his memry. It was partly the result of his injuries and partly Doctor Varle's drags. i Jasper.-was quick - to -see -:that .something • Iwas-wrong- and to exult in it. It made. [what be meant to do jnst bo much easier. "If I.only knew certainly whether Dun ning iias-hadhim 1" he mused,-anxiously,-his!; iblood chillingat. the very, thought. •* But I j believe he only imagines that." Mrs 'Tarfit came presently .with the lunch' j behad ordered, and he conld see by the way | she looked at Kenrick-that..she-was excited [ and suspicious. "How bothered she is!" he thought. 'i she can't make it out." As the housekeeper left the room, her nar row, pale eyebrows-were contracted thought fully, and her thin lips compressed in -an ex pression that meant mischief to somebody. " Thank goodness he didn't ask for the keys !" she said, as she turned her steps to ward the tower-reoms once more. - " I am almost sure, myself," she mattered, with the same cunning, wicked look, "though he is mightily changed. Bat here is somebody will know 1" Sibyl Prince bad not thought of retiring The old gardener's leoks hannted her. She had been walking about all the time, up anddown, up and.down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange Jthoughta-.that would sweep over her, but in -vain. What was it the -gardener-had seen ? What had made him look at her in that white puzzled way ? Ghosts i What ghost ? whose ghost? The lovely eyes were burning bright, the sweet face flashed with the fever of thought that consumed her. At sight of Mrs Turfit's mean, malicious face, she stood still, her hands clasped tightly, I outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while | her heart beat fiercely against her side. The housekeeper was looking at her with the same expression, James Beese had worn. Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, cold smile. " It is an utter impossibility for you. to even guess what I am here for," she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, " and yet to look at you one would think you knew." Sibyl did not utter a word, bat her looks showed that she was suffering. The housekeeper wonld have liked to tor ture her longer, bnt she was too impatient herself. " Gome with me 1" she said, going quickly out of the room. Sibyl clasped her hands upon her heaving bosom, and followed in silence. The woman went straight back to the room in which she left the two men at their lnnch. | At the door Bhe pauBed, looking strangely at Sibyl. | From within came the sound of the two voices plainly—one so different from the j other—though they conld not distingnisb a word. Sibyl's beautiful face was white as death. Her large eyes burned as with white flames. As she movel forward, Mrs Tnrfit shrank | ont of her way. Sibyl pnt her hand upon the door. It was locked. She turned upon-the housekeeper with a .fierce aniLdesperate gesture. The woman stared excitedly. Then she almost ran down the passage to another door and tried it. As it yielded to her hand, die whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. " You can go through this, right into the room' where they are," she said, hurriedly, pushing her a little and following quickly, as Sibyl darted to the door indicated and - wrenched it open. j Jasper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he was just lifting to his lips fell with a crash. There was only one face, in the whole wide world, he would not rather have seen at this moment than Sibyl's, and that was Captain John Dnnning's. Kenrick's back was to the door. He had not Been his wife yet. There was one chance for. JaBper to fling himself on Sibyl and thraBt her out of the room,-before her husband did see her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, quicker still, she eluded him, flashed from bis outstretched hands-and fell almost faint ing at Kenrick's feet. Then ensued- a strange scene. Jasper stood glaring, longing, yet not daring, to tear the beautiful woman from that place, and drag her back-to the towetrooms. Mrs Turfit had come into the apartment and was standing very near, bnt he had not seen her. ■' Look at your brother 1" she whispered. " He don't know her." Jasper lifted his eyes to Kenrick's face, and a shiver of horrible exultation ran through him. " It's true ! He has forgotten her, too 1" he muttered, through his clenched teetb. The room was very still. Sibyl knelt, half embracing her husband, her lovely eyes fastened upon his handsome, haggard face with the strangest expression, surely, that eyer a woman's countenance wore. Her ashy lipB moved over the words, " Not dead, not dead?" just as Jasper had said, but no sonnd came from them. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder. Kenrick sat like a statue. He might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad black eyes, that looked so strangely : into those of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted he> soft lips at first, froze there. Into the sweet, white face came an agony of fear, incredulity and despair, beyond words, "Ken," she breathed at last, faintly— '• Ken 1" 