I THE SAINT AND THE SINNEK- | A LITTLE COMEDY AT ST. PETER'S GATE. I St. Peter stood guard at the golden gate ' With a solemn mien and air sedate I When opto the top of the golden stair K A man and woman ascended there. m Applied for admission. They came and stood B Before St. Peter, so great and 300 4, K In hope the City of Peace to win — B And asked St. Peter to let them io. k The woman was tall and lank and thin, I. "With a shaggy beardlet on her cbia. B The man was short, and chick and stoat, m Hip stomach was built so it rounded ont ; k His face was pleasant and all the while He wore a kindly and genial smile. k The choirs in the distance the echoes awoke, K And the man kept still while the woman K spoke. B Oh, tlioa who guardest the gate,' said she, E 1 We come hither, beseechiog thee E To let as enter the heavenly land And play oar harps with the angel band. E Of me, St. Peter, there is no doubt, E There's nothing from heaven to bar me oot ; | I've been to meeting three times a week, f And almost always'd rise and speak. E I've tol l the sinners abont the day E When they'd repent of their evil way. I've told my neighbours — I've told 'em all | 'Boat Adam and Kve and the Primal Fall. V Tve shown them what they'd have to do E If they'd pass in with the chosen few. E I've marked their path of duty clear, E Laid out the plans for their whole career. E1 I've talked and talked to them load and long, For my longs are good and my voice is strong. ESo, good St. Peter, you'll clearly see EThe gates of heavan are open for me ; BBat my old man, I regret to say, Hasn't walked exactly the narrow way, He smokes and he swears, and grave faults | he's got, And I don't know whether he'll pass or not. E "He never would pray with an earnest vim, ftCr go to revival or join in a hymn, fiat preferred to sit in his easy chair, So £ had to leave him in sorrow there. EHe ate what the pantry chose to afford, |» uub x, tu my purity, sang to xne AcOra, And if cucumbers were all he got, Btfs a chance if he merited them or not. BBut, oh, St. Peter, I love him so, 'k® pleasures of heaven please let him go ! HVe done enough — a saint Fve been. BjTon't that atone? Can't you let him in? BBat in my grim gospel I know 'tis so That the unrepentant most fry below ; fiBnt isn't there some way yon can see That he may enter who's dear to me ? I It's a narrow gospel by which I pray, I Bat the choBen expect to find a way rOf coaxing, or fooling, or bribing yon I So that their relation can amble throtxgh : I And say, St. Peter, it seems to me, I This gate isn't kept as it ought to be. I Yon ought to stand rightby the opening there, I And never sit down in that easy chair. 1 4 And say, St. Peter, my sight is dimmed, I But I don't like the way your whiskers I are trimmed ; t They're cat too wide, and ontward toss ; | They'dlook better narrow, cntstraiffht across. r Well, we most be going, oar crowns to win, I So open, St. Peter, and we'll pass in 2' St. Peter sat quiet, stroked his stafi I But spite of bis office he had to langh, F Then he said, with a fierce gleam in his eye, Who's tending this gate, yon or I?' And then he rose, in his stature tall, I And pressed the button upon the wall, L And said to the imp who answered the bell, I 4 Escort this lady around to— Hades.' ' The man stood still as a piece of stone- Stood sadly, gloomily, there alone, A life-long settled idea he bad That his wife was good and he was bad ; He thought if the woman went down below ; That he would certainly have to go, That if she went to the regions dim There wasn't the ghost of a show for him. Slowly he turned, by habit bent. To follow wherever the woman went. Observed that the top of his bead was bare. He called the gentleman back and said, 4 Friend, how long have you been wed ?' 4 Thirty years ' (with a weary sigh), And then he thooghfully added, Why ?' St. Peter was silent. With head bent down Ho raised his hand and scratched his crown, Then, seeming a different thought to take, Slowly, half to himself, he spoke : 4 Thirty years with that woman there ? No wonder the man hasn't any hair ! Swearing is wicked. Smoke's not good ! He smoked and swore — I should think he would ! 4 Thirty years with a tongue so sharp? Ho ! Angel Gabriel ! Give him a harp 3 A jewelled harp with a golden string 1 Good sir, pass in where the angels ring ! Gabriel, give him a seat alone- One with a cushion — np near the throne 3 Call up some angels to play their best, Let him enjoy the music and rest ! 4 See that on the finest Ambrosia he feeds, He's had abont all the Hades he needs. It isn't hardly the thing to do, To roast him on earth and the future too.' They gave him a harp with golden strings,: A glittering robe and a pair of wings, And he eaid as he entered the Realms of Bay, Well, this beats encumbers, anyway !' And so the Scriptures had come to pass That The last shall be first, and the first shall be last. — Weekly Telegraph, 