Mb. IsAAos Jiaa resigned, as we pre dicted he would do. .Apart from any question as to the guilt or innocence of the defendants in thiB Mercantile Bank cases .ther# was ao course open to the Premier -hut to insist upon the resignation of Hr. Isaacs. He the rischt as Solicitor-Generfll to review the decision of hi6 superior officer and cdlleagne, the Attorney General, and mode that claim not in the quietude of ''a Cabinet meeting but in the Pre&s;, and he went further and Announced his intention of acting in defiance of the Attorney GeneraL It Is now admitted even by his supporters that his reading of the law was j-ad 3 and this being the case he has not .the faintest shadow of excuse for his conduct. For 110 one can claim that he would t-e the proper s-&n; to pass in renew th© evidence of the Mercantile Bank case. Be expressed hisopinion that~ there had been a miscarriage of justice before, so he said, he had read the evidence ; and bis splenetic passion over the. whole case has .shown eo much bias that he really is unfit to occupy a responsible position in any Government. He Has killed Ms reputation as -a politician for over. No Brenner will ever send for Mr, IflAAca, lest in a bid for popu larity he should a gaii attempt to 1 wreck a Cabinet and bring about ^ polllacal crifflg. Tie Prsmibr, Mr. , jPattebson, has had a delicate task in dealing with. his Attorney .General 1 and 'Solicitor ?General, arid undoubt edly will have to bear the brunt of wholesale accusations of 'thwarting ? ithe course of justice.' But his aotion ' has been perfectly consistent and «onetitutionai. As Premier he had nothing to do with the matter of the decision of the Attorney-General, but he was bound to eupport that officer when his junior claimed a right which was dearly against every traditional usage and the written . statute. | , When the heat and passion of the ! moment are passed, it will be seen ' that there was no justification for ' sending Sir 51. H. Davtes and Mr. i Millidge for trial. They have done nothing more nor less than the directors or managers of any of the other banks in the colony have. Supposing that none of the banks now in process of reconstruction are successfully carried through and have to go into liquidation, does anyone suppose that their balance sheets, subjected to an adverse scrutiny some months hence, and their assets weighed with the balance of the further depression which would result, would not justify the prosecution of every official connected with them, if the evidence of the Mer cantile Bank prosecution is to be accepted as sufficient to convict upon. This view of the case when pro pounded is readily assented to. 'Of course they all ought to be sent to gaol, every man jack of them.' Possibly ; and so possibly ought all the tradesmen, manu facturers, speculators, and others who by1 extravagant outlay and lack of foresight brought about the present state of affairs. From the Treasurer of tho colony down to the man who bought a suburban allot ment in order to sell it 'on the rise ' — aU are in the same boat. ButJJie country demands a victim. Mr. Munbo was first selected, but he was hardly distinguished enough, and the 'priests of the atonement' whetted their knives for the throat of Sir Matthew Davies. If he escapes they will probably' go for Sir WiLLTAjf Clarke as being the next | most prominent man connected with a bank possessing a title. It is assumed that the whole | country is clamouring for the trial of i the two defendants committed by Mr. McDonald. Is it? If the Daily Telegraph were in .existence now it would be able to produce as many ' expressions of confidence in the f^^^O'LoGHLEN's decision ' hr tha I Melbourne Argu* and Age. now publish of the opposite complexion. In fact the two latter papers do differ materially in their respective views on this matter, and tho country according to 'our own correspond ents ' differs similarly. A country correspondent takes his complexion from the paper he represents. If he sends in 11 copy ' which is opposed to the policy of that paper it . goes into the waste-paper basket. 5 on the other hand it supports that policy it finds prominent insertion. So the representative of a hamlet of a dozen souls writes: 'The whole num. munity here approve of the action of Mr. Isaacs' — the whole community being himself. Thus is public opinion manufactured. The disasters of the colony are largely due to mendacity carried out on larger lines. Lies concocted in Melbourne, tele graphed to London, and rc-cabled to Melbourne are primarily responsible for the financial wreckage which lies strewn around on every hand, and it is significant that of the I«on don Press the Financial tfetes, of [ which it is sufficient to say that it ! urged Australia to repudiate its loan engagements, is the only one up to date to protest against the abandon ment of the charge against the chairman and manager of the Mercantile Bonk. The Orient linkb, B.H.&& Oraba, of 5,552 -teas burdeD end 7,000 horee power, wbicfa leaves Melbourne ia-day under tbe command of Oaptaio Liadmy H&yt; B.N.K., mil bear amongst j'te wails & stna.il hat im porlnot enclosure addressed from this office to Her Most Gracious Majesty Queeu Vic toriftf at Osborne. Tbe missive comprises a specially-prepared copj of last Wednes days issue of thfe JProJiran Telegraph, contfliDiogfl docble-coJutos froodeogrsr. inp, representing Queen Victoria, and #n article in eulogistic reference to Her Maiesty as a woman and a monarch, tO' gelbw with our sincere greeliogs and good wishes on tbe occasion of tbe seventy-fourth anniversary of her birtb, We cannot claim the Quccti atnongBlonr regular readers, but we lay the flattering unction to our sou! that when Major-Gcneral Henry Frederick Ponsouby, Her Majesty'e Private Secretary, bears our journal apon a golden ealvcr to Her Majesty, the content* will be perused with natural pride and all due royal dignity as becomes a sovereign, la jthese ' days of base innendpes, it may be necessary ' for he to state that our object in doing I honor to tbe Queen of England and Em- ! press of India has no selfish aspect— we are I not after a title, and Ion conscientious grounds should have to appear unpatriotic, 1 if not positively mde, by declining any ' Birthday Honor Her Majesty might feel ! anxious to bestow upon us. , . . | : I — . i The Qof.en'b Birthday was blessed with real Queen's weather, and the whole cele bration passed off with more joyoosness that the time of tbe year and the prevailing depression would have seemed to render possible'. The Australian lievcr stays at come and -mopes on holidays ; and he is wise! The Governor's le tie was largely attended, the display of uuUorms was brilliant, the review in the afternoon was a great success, and the football field b were well patronised. Tbe weather is getting too cold for large picnics, but throughout this district aU day there was a constant succession of holiday makers in vehicles of every description. Tbe only local 'show' attempted was the playing of CodeYs military band in the Viotoria Gardens, Prahran, The local municipalities were represented at tbe Governor's tetee by tbe mayors, presidents, and councillors, who carried put this, important function witb due solemnity! tbe mayors of Frabran and fit, - Kifda, in eli tiidf war paint, -being specially worthy of mention. Theoouncilwe io whom we referred in last Wednesday's Issue as being about to retire from municipal life is Cr; H. Morris Jones, one of jthe representatives bf ^be Windsor ward in the Prahrsa council, who has already handed in his resignation, which will be dealt with at the meeting of the council on Honday next. Cr. Jones* reason for abandoning municipal life attributable tp-pressurc of private business &Smts; which require his oodivsded at tention j bat he- does .sot anticipate that his manicipal career is to finally terminate, and hopes to a^ain be able to place his 1 services at the disposal of the ratepayers at 1 ho distant date/wnile'in'fhe.meabtiine he will keep Jn 'touch wiib Jooal affairs. It [ was suggested to Or. Jones that be should | obtain leave of absence for a period ; but I be strongly .-objects to the ratepayers being, i ibuB disfranchised, and prefers abdicating i in favor of eotne gentleman who has time i to devote to ibe duties. Cr. Jones has been looked upon as the leader of the op , position party in the council, and though we have not been able to support bira in ; his views on all occasions, wc freely cxedit him with having the courage of his opinionB, and admit that the council and ratepayers -willloBca useful aud straightforward re presentative. Cr. Jones' term of office does not expire' till August 1895, so that budding city fathers will find the seat well worth contesting. Several gentlemen have already been mentioned ns probable candidates for the position, ex-Cr. Thomas Arkle, Mr. W. R. Church, Mr. Thomas Luxton, all resi dents of East Prahran, and Dr. Joske, of GreviUe-Btreet, being included in the list bol we hare nothing anthorilafave to stale in tins conncction. . We BEGBET to learn from the Melbourne Arffitx that Sir M. H. Davies is io a con dition of health which gives his frieads some anxiety. Sir Matthew, who is at tended by l?r. Liliics and Dr. Fitzgerald, is suffering from a severe attack of nervous prostration, and hfs medical, advisers have recommended him to take a complete rest with an entire change of scene for a wbiJcr Sir Matthew is still confined to his room. THE snowball bazaar, got up by Mrs, B. B. W. Trickett and friends of St. Hilda, to take place nest Thursday at the Alfred Hall, at the Junction, in aid of the Austin Home, promises to be a thorough success. The snowball principle has rolled up a large number of donations, so that an attractive show of goods at a reasonable price will be made, and a concert by a number of well-known vocalists will be given in tbe evening. The bazaar opens at 3 p m., aud the concert willicommence at 8 p.m., admission to both one shilling. It is to be hoped that among tbe many other Cftlle on the public purse wbieb now pre vail, some share will fall to tbis most useful institution, which so far has- been left out in the coldv TO-MOBBOW evening the choir of tbe East Prahran Bible Christian Church will render the beautiful service of song entitled ' Musical Miller,' a service which lias a peculiar interest in the history of the church, a large number of young people having been converted on the evening subsequent to the last performance of the service of song. Mr. E. Jenkins will act as conductor. In the morning the Rev. G. J Retberway will preach. 1 Tub monthly meeting of the Prahran | Board of Advice was held at the Prahran | Town-hall on Thursday evening last, there i being present Messrs. G. IS. Gidcraon, i chairman, D.*8. Oakley, James Heudy, J. N. Camming, J. M. Yelland, and Anthon ! Vrendenberg, the concspondent. Beyond tbe usual routine business there was no- i thing of an important nature dealt with, j 'The department wrote notifying tbe re- i appointment of Mr. J. H. Fumeanx as a : member of tbe board. The indefinite and i mysterious manner of the department : in respect to the mneh-debated question of bringing the' South Yarra State-school ? under the jurisdiction of the board was referred to, and the correspondent was instructed to 'tickle up' that dilatory institution in respect to the subject proposed State-school children's musical entertainment, to be given in tbe new town hall on Thursday, 6th June in aid of the funds of the Prahran, 6omh Yarra and I Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society met in | I the mayor's room at Prahran Town-hall on | Thursday evening when various matters of | detail were dealt with and very gratifying | evidences of a successful result received. ] The entertainment, which is the outcome i of the mayor's initial concert of a series of l efforts to provide for the relief of local i poverty, will be of a miscellaneous nature. | Five hundred children from the various local schools will take part, aud selections will be given from the favourite cantatas ' The Queen and the Seasons,' *' The Indian Summer,' ' New Year's Eve,' etc., and a number of patriotic songs and choruses will be rendered under the direction of Mr. J.'C. Eennie, the 'only ' children's music developer; while a power ful orchestra will add to the features of the entertainment, which ie open to the publfa at tbe low chargc of one shilling (o all parts of the hall. With eespect to the Ministerial changes caused by the retirement 'of the youthful and impetuous Mr. Isaacs, it is rumoured tbat Mr. E. J. Dixon, the member for pjabran, will be asked to join tbe Cabinet asan honorary member. The tfNlVEnsiTT of Melbourne His torical Society will bold its inaugural meeting in the Wilson Hall on Wednesday evening next, when Professor Elkington will deliver the opening address. The society, whose object is indicated by its name, purposes to devote special attention to Australian history and development. Tickets of admission to the inaugural meeting can be obtained from Mr. Frank Geacb, Chapel-street, or from Mr. George T. Clarke, city librarian, at the Prahran Public Library. .The entjjbtainment given on Monday evening last at the Melbourne Temperance Hall by the Victorian Bail ways Amateur Minstrel Troupe proved most enjoyable and | successful, and the promoters are to be 1 congratulated on the humourous talent which they produced. The programme was of a varied description, and was gone through in a highly creditable style under the .coflducfcorsbip of oar irrepressible and capricionsentertainer, Mr. Tommy Kendall, who, if not entitled to tbe position of Com- , missioner of tbe Victorian Railways, baa ; undoubtedly established himself as the i Commissioner of tbe Victorian BaSlways . Amatenr Minstrels. A more lesglby notice in respect to tbe entertainment will appear in next Wednesday's issue. ' The debpebadoks, Samnel Bntt, Barry Mort, and Andrew Duncan, arrested on suspicion of having stuck up Mr. David Etheridge, the bookmaker, at Elstemwick on the 22nd April, were before the city bench on Monday, charged with robbing him ot a diamond pin and ring and £3 10s. On tbe application of the detectives, the accused were remanded to appear at the fit. Kilda court next Tuesday, One good besplt, at any rate, is being derived bytbe Mercantile Bank sensation— the advancement; of tbe knowledge of the gublfc in respect to its geography. Not aJf a dozen weo in Melbourne were aware of the existence of a .Victorian towoship caUed Welshpool, until the Age followed up atwo-colnma and sensationally-headed acconot of the development of tbe compli cated, case with a focr-Jiae telegraphic message from its Welshpool correspondent [please don't, smile] to the effect that the whole of the inhabitants of that village, which consists of the Age correspondent and the botel-keepcr who supplies him with the spirit necessary to inspire sensational copy, approved of Mr. Isaacs' action, ahd were in favor of pottinj? Sir M. H. Davies ' Welthjtool, indeed i Why not. publish tbe Eew representatives' copy ? Bat tbeBimple public who may be inclined to swallow these country opinions should be reminded that the country correspondents of the Collins -street journals are simply hired servants, who supply copy at three half pence per line, and1 they are rarely such Idiots as to send^ ' news ' which does not Bupport the opinions of^ the paper ttiey represent. ..That suouldebino volcano whose apex is just under the ebb-sund at Bala* olava has broken opt into renewed activity, the never-dying antagonism between the factions of KanklveU and Bayers being seemingly as unquenchable as that netween local optioDiet and licensed victuailer, or between infidel and believer, Xast ^Tuefday at tbe St, Eilda oonrt, Sayen -proceeded against William Nankivell^or^ insulting language. ! The alleged offence Jock place at midnight at tbe 4.1th inst^ when jXanki*, veil twas Stated to have used language of a variegated pictaresqueness which, brought' a blush even to tho cheeks of the case hardened cabmen who testified to iti. and lo have aggravated the offenoe .by warlike' overtures towards Bayere whioh caused htm ?to.seek .safety in flight. Tbe bench (Mayor JaCoby, chairman), found the chargeproved and fined accused 408/wIth 42b. costs. ' &s; ?aaequel to this tale of woo,*lTankiveIl was^ charged yesterday with' assaulting on last Saturday night a trusty soldier of the Savers* conlfngent-named Charles Randall. Randall gaye .eyidebee in Tuesday's cose, and was risibly- at that time much the worse for wearj with a hunged-up eye aud other fistic decorations, It seemed that Nankivell got up on /Randall's cab and .attacked him with fists and feet, -Randall Tiefended himself with a'cap wrench. 'The bench considered the state of things most disgraceful, and that the parties were about six of one and halF a-darcn of the otber, and dismissed the charge with a warning that he woaM make it warm for either party who appeared before the court again. The political clan enrolled under I the banner of the Young Victorian Pat- 1 riotic League are nothing if notenthusiastic 1 , and persevering, 'and if they do not bring , about an intercolonial customs union and federation of Australia it will not be their ; fault. Meetings are being h.eld in support j of tbe proposal, the first in the suburbs i being announced for next Tuesday even- j ing at 8 o'clock at the Prahran Town-bail. ' Tbe mayor will preside and some good ; patriotic, kindling addresses will be de livered. The subject is one of interest end | should attract a well-filled house. . Geobge B. Mabshall, a pianoforte tuner, was picked up in Toorak by Con- ' stable Don, who found the unfortunate man sitting down ' waiting for a dog,' so he said. Questions put by the constable elicited the statement tbat Marshall bad been in the Yarra with Lord Hopetoun and that be had ' lived on fish hooks for some time.' The wife of the accused appeared in court and stated tbat her husband bad been drinking, and she asked for his discharge ; but the bench considered 1 it more advisable to send him to gaol for 14 days where he would have a chance of | ' squaring himself up.'* A tovxo fellow named Vincent A; Barry, who has lately been attempting to victimise Chapel-street shopkeepers by means of valueless cheques, was arrested by Constable Wall on 'Wednesday and brought before the Prahran bench on Thursday charged with imposing by ihcans of false representation in writing on Robert Burns on tbe 24th May and obtaining food thereby. Tbe accused, who represented himself as a son of Dr. Barry, of Afalvern, whoso ideutity the police were unable to trace, pleaded guilty and blatcd that drink was the cause of bis trouble. On the application of the police a remand was grauted for ?$ven days, bail being fixed in two securities of £20 each. - The continual nagging which appears to be chronic with the Board of Health is a perpetual weariness to the flesh of health officers who really do try to do their duty properly, like our local incumbents. Tbis was very evident in a letter written to the St. Hilda council by their hcnlib officer, which was called out by a late epistle from the board1 of a specially inquisitivcand im pertinent tone, in reference to inspection of sources and depots of food supply. Dr. A'Bcckett, in atone more in sorrow than anger, wrote tnat tncrc was only one aerated water factory, that there were no slaughter-houses, and that dairies and food dep&ts; were constantly under inspection ; that he thought he knew bin duties and that tbe record of St. Eilda for health showed how well they bad been carried out. The council thought so too, and the letter was ordered to be sent to tbe board, where it should bring a blush of shame to the cheek of that lively body were its opera tions not generally more indicative of _cheek~lhan~nf Jiinshaa ? ? ? ? — — The second of the scries of dances in connection with the -Armadale Private ^uedriJJe . Assembly takes piacc at the Armadale Hall on Wednesday evening next, when aqother fcttire gathering will trip it merrily to the strains of Messrs. Shraeder and Ayer's- band, an additional attraction bting a friendly visit from the members of the Port Melbourne Quadrille Assembly. A sriiEKDio euteriainment will be given next Wednesday night in the Prahran Town-hal! in aid of the Women's Hospital, which has been for some time in pre paration by Mr. 6yd. Netherway, The leading item oo the bill will be a three-act drama, entitled 'A Night of Peril,' adapted from' the French by Mr. Bernard Kspinasse. The play is a very powerful one, hajing run for a year in London, and w/ll be given by the Austral Bramatic Company, perhaps the most talented amateur company in the suborbs. The Australs comprise some most able actors and have played frequently In other suburbs : with distinguished success, their work i being like tbat of a first-class sfock company j of trained artists. The leading characters , will be taken by Messrs. Charles Wheeler, i W. D. Daly, aud Isidore Xosminsky, and Misses 'Minnie Richardson aud Jennie Atkinson, and we can guarantee a perfor mance of almo6t Bijou completeness, es pecially as tbe company have a brilliant success in tbe same piece at Dandenong last Wednesday to encourage them. Prior to the performance a miscellaneous concert will be given by a number of talented artists. ^ The obkditobb and shareholders of the Natioual Hank of Australasia arc requested to meet at the Melbourne Athcnajnm at 11 a.m. and S p.m. .respectively on Monday next to deal with the important question of rc- constraction. As these meetings are of vital importance to the bank and the general public, as well as to those dirccllv concerned, there should be large atten dances and cool-hcaded deliberation. The non-pboducing portion of the community have had their' day, and nbw the poor farmer whom they have sp long despised is to have his. The occupation' of the farmer is being 41 reconstructed ' into a profession— into a fine art, iu fact. Well, there can he no two 'opinions in resnecCto farming being tbe backbone of the country and the farmer the coming man, to whom we mast look for our future prosperity ; and it is unfortanate that it should have required the present financial and commer cial upheaval to remind us of these facts. But while wc foresee the necessity of owning allegiance to. the farmer, we arc scarcely ready to fel} Sa with the idea of h/s pro j fession becoming a fine art io tbis year of 1 grace, whatever the next may bring forth. 1 However, one tiller of the soil has greater ?.faith than we hare, as will be seen by the following announcement clipped from the advertising columns of the Melbourne Argu* of Satunjsy last j C. FABRES, of Warrazul, Giupsliud, is . prepared to take a few PUPILS «te ««ugof learning llnticaJ FABMING. Tenos CIS per quarter. Baferenoea kindly permitted to JoIid Sawera, Esq.. Book ol Australasia, and Hou.F.S. Griiuwade« ITioderB-I&nQ.; ' For fuller partumUrg apply Morton Bolfe, Cowra, Neram road, North Brighton,' ? ; We shall jw glad to bear, the npbtat the experiment, which, in tbe event, of 3ls proving a success, will no doubt be adopted by every farmer in the back blocks as being' a satisfactory solution' of the labour dif ficulty which bas so lone retarded the development of the farming1 industry. Farm hands contributing £1 per week for tbe privilege of working on a Gippsland farm would form interesting -curiosities for the World's .Fair, apart from the saving effected .by; the farmer. - ' 1 Tub following may serve as a useful hint in the way of providing Scotch -broth during this cold weather .-—Little -girl : 'Please' mem/ma mither has scut mc to see if ye wonld lend me yoar beef bone ;to mak' broth wl' !' Scotch wife ; '« Well, my lassie, I canoa joist do that. Ye see we made broth with it oursel'j on Monday, and wc lent it to Mrs, MaoYJesr to flavour some hare eonp on Tuesday, and we're asing . it the day for cock-a leekie annel's; -but ye may get a boiling o't on Friday, for Mn. Tamson has the promise o't tbe morn for1' some nice strengthening «onp, for her man's an invalid*' \- The Victobia- Gabdeks at Prahran were well patronised on ^Quefen's Birthday the special 'attraction provided by the mayor, in the ahape ofunosicby the Mel bourne . Brass Band .being ^greatly Appre ciated by jtjbe joitieensl' The member* of the band tamed o.ut for the first time in their ncwand tastefal unifortos, wbfeb were much admired. The band is a very powerful one comprising 20 instrumental lists, the parts being evenly balanced tbns giving perfect barmonyi and Mr. E. Code, tbe conductor, who, by the -way, contri' hated a comet solo' Tritoiiepolka ' ina easterly jnanner,is to be congratulated on his excellent musical company. The per. formahce consisted of a bright and varied -programme which lasted from 8 to 5 p m ana the wish of jtbose wbO patronised the gardens was that similar musical attrac tionsj might be'aminged ait regular inter vals, which would lhae amuse and edify the citizens and teud to still further popularise this pleasant retreat. ; The eighth annual ball fn connee. tlon with Mr. Walter Heath's dancing classes was he|d- on Tuesday evening last at the Centennial Kail, Chapel'street, South Yarra, about CO .couples dancing ont until tbe dewy morn: a programme of 23 items , arranged in ' Mr. Heath's usual attrac live *tylc,-(he music being supplied by a splendid band of five performers, under the leadership of Mr. H. Forder. Tbe instru mentalists were sented on a newly.erected and spacious stage, and the hall was gaily but artistically decorated with buntingand lanterns, the festive scene, enhanced as it was by tbe tasteful designs and varied colours of the ladies* djesBes, forming a bright and checring spectacle. The cater ing, generously supplied by Secretary Loyer, was quite ait fait, the tables being full to overflowing, The Sports Depot silver trophy, won by the South Yarra Union Cricket Clob, occupied a prominent position upon the refreshment stand and was much admired, the members of the club who were present being warmly com plimented on winning tbe trophy. The classes uuder Mr. Heath's management and tuition have become quite a local insti. tution, and while a very useful 'accoajplfcli- meat is attained, an excellent meaas of obtaining sociality in agreeable company ie presented by these assemblies, which are held every Tuesday evening at tbe Cen tennial ball, a class for learners being held on Friday nights. This isthelaigestaod best public ball in Prahran, with the exception of tbe local town-hall, the floor being most perfect for lerpBichorean revelries, Mr. Heath's patrons include several of the local shopkeepers, who find the assemblies assist in driving away dull care -and tend to remove animosities tbat always rise in tbe course of business rivalry. Shtlock's ghost bas returned. In a suburban police court last week, a land lord, after putting in a distress warrant and seising a tenant's household effects, in cluding tbe bed and bidding and a sewing machine by which tbe unfortunate peraon, who is a widow, gained her livelihood, actually sued for the paltry balance of 30s. remaining due after the goods bad been disposed off In times such as these it is difficult to know how to act in regard to tbe collecting of one's accounts, and only under extreme provocation wonld any reasonable person attempt to get blood out of a stone; but tbat any human being could display socb a Sbylockian spirit .as to act in the manner above stated is past com {-rehen6iou and furnishes proof that man i&s; something far more important than the financial crisis to humiliate over. The Melbobbne Abgus is ' demanded of conscience ' to state tbat 'the prevailing opinion is that the course of justice has been interrupted in the Mercantile Bank case.' Then why in the name of consciencc does not tbe all^eyed judge conscientiously carry out its public dnty by criminating Sir Bryan O'Loghlin, Mr. Panton, and the justices who adjudicated with him— all of whom arc unfit to bold a position of trust and are utterly unworthy of respect, if the grave charge which the Ar/jiit makes against them can be. substantiated. The fact is the vapourings of our many-eyed contemporary arc not worthy of notice in respect to its criticisms on land-boomers until its proprietary owns up to its share in the sine of the boom period and gives proof that it really bas a conscience by handing over to tbe' Melbourne charities tbe profits it made opt of land- swindling companies through its advertising columns. We aTc' also ' demanded of conscience to speak the truth — impawn it whoso list,' the Mel ? Dourne Arg\Ct included. Oub ente&pbibikg; young contemporary, the likening Standard , whioh is red-hot in favor of a crimiual trial of Sir M. H Davies, says, in respeot to the attitude assumed by Mr. Isaacs, that ?? 999 out ot every 1000 persons strongly support tbe Solici tor-General in bis action '—which means that those same 999 out of 1000 persons are as biassed and as much off in their law as Mr. Isaacs is. But, stop, possibly those 999 persons represent the Standard circulation. 1|eople who write to tbe papers about their grievances do not necessarily require a very inventive brain in respect to seizing bold of a topic, as witness tbef oolisb epistles Anti-Perambulator' has poured into tho Merald columns with regard to tbe in nocent little household vehicle^ which bo has only recently discarded. He ejaculates thus : ''I donot think any one snffersmore than I do from the petambnlator nuisancc, I never go down Chapel-street, Prahran, without getting run against by two or three , , » ^ i® almost impossible tu rteer clear of them,' Then why in the name of goodness doesn't he train himself to become bow-legged,- so that the baby-carts can pass through ; or, batter still, why doesn't he go to Adelaide, where be says the unfortunate vehicles are shunted into the street. We have taken a. mental picture of 'Anti- Perambulator,' and .would like to present him in Our Gallery of Portraits for tbe benefit of the mothersof Prahran; but rather than risk spoiling a good illustration, if he wilt eend along a cabinet-sized portrait of himself we will publish an engraving from it in our next issue. We like to immor talise growlers. Apbopob of hoaxes, the following is described as the best archsealcgical hoax on .record. .What seems to lie a Ldtin inscrip tion « simply an Jfinglieh epitaph, the band of the clever engraver having assisted in deceiving the very elect. The correct in terpretation :is— ' Beneath this stone re poseth Claud Coster, tripe seller, of Impiog ton ; as doth his consort Jane ' \- BENE. A.T.H.TM3..I6BT , oncre. poa et H. CLACTD. oostTKRTRIP E. 6ELLKRO F. IMP r tW.^GT. ~Otta'Bnnj. ? T-r TH, HI. s. c. . . ON. SOB t. J. A. N. e; The MUCtf-SEBTHRD new double-pan ni^htsoQ service for 'St,' E3lda has advanced ' another step. At the council meeting on Monday night, the 'surveyor 'presented a bulky -document embodying - tbe 'agreement with the. contractors, which, had been re turned from the oouncuVaolioitors with a number -of the original clauses amended. After $ome discussion as to how to'deal with it, ,{3r. Turner.said {hat he .understood jthat 'there were la 'number ef minbrlpoihts at issae , between -the -solicitors which the principals could settle better ^themselves. He therefore thought I4iat a'committec of three had better meet the contractors and try Wf settle matters *60' .that ^ifae '^rorks .committee .cpold . either ,jbe :ready to kettle the Contractor if the two parties could not .come, to an lagrecmen^ to.calliuif£ 3 The council agreed to tbe advisability .of this 1 course, and the mayor and -Ore. Kelly and 1 Connibere 'were appointed io represent tbem.-.;,- * ?. . .? }..? M. AN A60BIEVED BATET AYEB of St. Eilda who had a igrievanoe ^against the -Hesse Sanitary ?Company,- and who appeared at two successive ..council » meetings, there ex haustively explained his position and was assured that - the council would do aU„that was in their power to_ rectify his alleged wrongs, left 'tbem at thV-end of his second interview with the remark that it' was a perfect farce. He Vas heard from again at Monday's council meeting, when tbe board of healih'forwarded -abetter received by tbem from him, detailing his troubles and stating that his appeal to tbe council had .been, futjle. -- This fiather - one-sided statement, which did not include tbe fact orlbeoo&ooUV; rings and wrJ ljngoesa.to do whatever 'their powers en* able them ,to do, .was naturally looked npon as anfairiy biassed, 1 ahd the town clerk was instructed to inform tbe board of tbe actual facts. r. ; vr 