A SEND-OFF. On Friday evening last a number of friends of Mr. L'Estage, of the Loco. Department, assembled at the Railway Hotel for the purpose of bidding him farewell on the eve of his departure for Petershurg, whither he has been transferred. Mr. W. K. Thompson filled the chair, and in proposing the guest's health referred to the injury the Port was sustaining by the removal of so many of the railway hands to Petersburg, and trusted the Pirie people would wake up and prevent a wholesale exodus. Mr. J. H. Kennedy, in supporting the toast, followed in a similar strain, as did Mr. Taylor, who said that as a recent arrival he was surprised at the apathy of tho local people. A number of other speeches were made, after which Mr. L'Estage feelingly responded; Other toasts were honored, and a number of songs helped to pass away a very pleasant evening. Mr. George Knapman catered for the wants of the company in a manner which left nothing to be desired. We are very much afraid Tom Newbold is becoming afflicted with "swelled head" since he got into the Council. A German cifizen has, just perpetrated an Irish buM. He ia a butcher, :uul has- been, iu the habit of receiving meat from a gentleman for the purposes of his establishment. One morning recently the latter received a note from his customer to this effect: " I shall not require any more meat r as I havE just killed myselfl" Visions of horrible- suicide floated across the mind of the recipient of the letter,, but it eventually dawned upon him that his German, friend was only talking professionally, and so he was; Trezona's Electric Pile Powder and Ointment has proved itself to be a certain cure. Cr Newbold's action with respect to the tent-holdei-s. is only another case of might is right—the strong oppressing the weak. Tom Newbold was once a working man—and a good wheat-lumper he was, too—yet he forgets that fact, and won't give the poor toilers a ghost of a show. A poor preacher was caught fn a shower on his way to church. He said, " I sisal 1 certain I}' take cold if I go into the pulpit so wet. "Oh, no, you won't." was the reply; "you are always drv enough there." W. G. Magor & Co., are now showing a splendid lbt of New Drapery goods for the summer trade. Wonderfully cheap An authenticated facL That Cottle's Clothing is without doubt the cheapest in the Port. Men's Tweed Trousers 2s l]d, coats Is lid. Men's Straw Hats 3d each. Cottle's is said to be the best and cheapest p4»ce in Port Pirie for Drapery. Surprising results have been gai ned by the use of Trezona's Cough Cure and Influenza Pills. At the last meeting of the Marine Board Pilot Murdoch was called upon to answer why his license should not be dealt with, owing to his having discharged ballast down the river other than in the place set aside for that purpose. What's the matter with the candidates for the district of Gladstone ? Are thev ever going to announce themselves 1 The whole of Australia would appear to have been visi*>-d by bad weather. Our exchanges tell us 1 hat Western Australia, along its N.W. coast, has recently been visited by a hurricane of great force, which has dune much damage to the fleet of boats CLgaged in the pearling iudustry. 