ISABEL'S ORDEAL. BY MISS MABEL COLLINS, Author of 4kThe Prettiest Woman in "TTarssw," etc. CHAPTER I. Isabel Fairfax was a spoiled child. "Nature and life had conspired to spoil her. She was very pretty, so pretty that hc cuuln not help knowing it ; and she was rich ecoagh to have everything ehe wanted. In addition she was the ouly child of a mother who adored her and who denied her nothing. There was no mn in the family to exercise the peculiar wisdom with which men are nnpposed to be universally endowed, and, indeed, often are ; or else Isabel would never have passed through the fiery ordeal which urn uaiiuc «U U"i IJKIVA. LHUC three generations of women — Icabel, young, wilful, beautiful ; her mother, th- child of autocratic parents, weak, vacillating and ac customed to give way to the will of others ; andihegraudmother, a fine old lady with ai much resolution as ever, aud a very great opinion of her own intelligence. No doubt thiB was ju«t ; the was certainly much wiser than her daughter in all practical matters, as conld be seen whenever the two had to act in matters of budcese. The old lady was very rich, and naturally her daughter and granddaughter were her hrirs, winch cic- oumitaupo nil thought gave her abundant right to tyrannise over them. Isabel, bow- ever, would nt Bubinit to be tyrannised over ; ehe bad been educated abroad, quite oat of the reach of grmd-znaiernal autho rity, by her dead father's wi-h. Aud in their pleasant qui"t lifu iu Ttiris, Vienna aud Munich, ebe hud always taken tbe lead and hod her own way, her mother meekly obey ing her. "When thoy came to London, in Isabel's eighteenth year, for the beason, she greativ resented the interference of the ols ladf, who, a little queen in her war, looked upoa these two &s; children come to be taught (be proper mode of entering the great world. Old Mrs Montgomery ruled hr small court from s Kensington Gore mansion, where she entertained in iheseun to a treat extent, -and ull the year round received, her cfpeoiU, g£ favorites. Forriio thought no place iu the Bs world fit to live iu but Lc-ndoD, aud if ibe B went to Btisbtor. fcr n week felt hersolf an im: liu.v. t >. ttisv oe iniainnec, then, that Isubri, who was French in macser, H dress and even in personal eunesnuioe fso creut ad effect has education), w«a something of a H trial to her grandmother. Mrs Fairfax took a verv bandHome flat, B which commended irself to Xsebel as beirg fl rather Jess English than a house. Isabel B famished it, with her mother at her eid occasionally pnttine in a mild eacjreetion which was seldcm listened to. They bad ; B brought heme a great many prettv things 1 from their vrandenmrs abroud, and with ! B these and plenty or money it did not take long to arrange as pretty a home as any in I all London. Old Mrs D-Ioutuomery (nought j is looked <4foreicn," aaa vra-» surprised when I B ehe foand that Isabel regarded tne word as I B oomplimentary . B One of the first foolish eots Mrs Fairfax B was beguiled icto, after her return to B London, was the investing of her capital in B that fatal thing— a new gold mine. She was fl tempted into this by her man of business, H- who had for some time been writing to her on B the subject ; and now, wheu he was uble to fl talk to her, soon persuaded her to take his fl view of the matter. Tfie fortune her husband had left her was entirely under her own con- < B trol, and old Mrs Moaatgomery hsd always ' fl prophesied that thw solicitor, ooe Beajaniia, B of decidedly Jewish appearc- ance, but young B and rather good-lookimr, would try to get B possession oi it. 4,He,il ask yen to marry fl him, my dear, or try to get bold of your B money somehow or other," ehe would siy to B her daughter — a remark which irritated that B' lady very much, as hbe believed Mr Benjamin's admiration was for herself and not for her money. However he never did ask her to marry him, po-siblyfcr want of opportunity, as he saw very little of her, . Xeabel's education takinc them about so much. I But as eoon ss sbc returned to London, and I- he had dined once or twice in the nrettv fiat B (for Mrs Fairfax made rather a pet of him, B always protesting that she would not be able B to manage ber affairs at all without him) Mr B Benjamin talked her into investing in the B new mine. Mrs Montgomery shook her B heed and prophesied disaster; but her in- B flnence was nothing against Mr Benjamin's, I so the transfer was affected with the most I aereeable results. Mrs Fairfax found herin- come twice as large aa befor -, and she was able to indulge in a much desired victoria, besides tbe necopfary brougham. u How glad I am I did not listen to your grandmother, my dear," she paid to leabri, continually. She does eo dislike Mr Benjamiu. He has acted most cleverly in this matter I consider." So everybody was satisfied ; most of all, perhapB, Isabel ; for ehe bad been brought nn to love luvnrvand he-Mirim? Bnn</>iinmm \- -and added riches mefa&t; oJdcri pleasure for ner. She had an excellent Louie, not only in dress, but in matters of art and ia decoration, and she thoroughly enjoyed llie charms of a delightful home. Towards the end of May Mrs Montgomery held a great reception, at which Label made her first appearance in society. She bad been presenter the week hfn. \- -JoDuuiUicrs urcss — a PariaLin wonder, created apparently out of white itJJies and a film of white cloud which showed her pietty figure to perfection. She wb8 charming, and ehe knew it. Before the reception she was standing in the old lady's dresfing-room, Bubmknug to an "unmerciful criticism, which luckily for her she whp able to bear without flinching, when Mrs Montgomery suddenly took off the necklaoe she wore—a string of flue peerls. 44 1 liked them for tbe drawing- room," said the old ladv. 44 hut T ssia ... -vT . . i.v nam something brighter on you." She rose and went to her jewel case, which was locked away in a fireproof safe that stood dose to the head of ber bed. She waa very proud of her jewellery, as indeed she might well be. Isabel waited in some inward excitement, us any girl would, to see what she wag destined to wear. Mrs Montgomery took out a magnificent diamond necklace, and a pair of ear-rings, each formed of a fine diamond. Xhey are almost too splendid for a debutant/ said the old lady, " and yot they make your eyes so bright ! Yes, you shall wear them to-night I shall leave them to you in my will ; end if jua marry a man I approve of they shall be your wedding present." Isabel stood looking at herself in a glass with many thoughts passing rapidly through JiPf mind. What was her future to be! Would she marry ? She could net fancv it yet. But she knew, aa she looked at the re- fiection in the mirror, that if she did not it would hot be for want of opportunity. For .she knw before her a really lovely girl, with '.eveaha brilliant aa the diamonds she wore,1 ; 2t was wonderful how these Jit up rite picfare. Isabel. pleAeed end gratified, — turned from the mirror and gave her gkand- ipOTgjiilsr |Li3a--ra£niost nuosnaLihing for her downetaiws together, old Mrs Iffipffiggtoery, splendid in black brocade, an poateist to herJovely niece. Mrs WB8 Talking to tbe first arrival,. : A well-known jubr in f Tt Trfln n 'rrrrr old friend Mcatfonteomery and came in end oat -arnUy ; but he had been oat of town eiaoe Isabel's arrival and had not seen her till co-night He wan struck with admiration wheu she entered, bat Label scarcely noticed St. She was at that age when a girl regards a man of fifty as simply a man old enough to he her father, and nothing else. She would have been qnite'surprised at the idea of his admiring her, except as a pretty child But Ch&tlea; Petcival was .not old, nor did he feel eo; he . wee immensely rich, held an envied position in society, and had boon a good and much desired parti for years, ever ainoe lie beoamo ft widower. He had married young, for love ; and had never cared to marry ugatn No woman bad struck his fancy sufficiently, or touched his heart. But when he saw Isabel sweep into tbe room & vision of loveliness, in her dress of flowers and gauze, the diamonds that glittered on her neck not so bright as her beautiful oyes ; her proud little head held back, as if in defiance of the world, his heart leaped within him. U hat a joy thftt bright young creature would be in his great stately houses ! Isabel took his attentions to ber as merely fatherly kindoe«-8 and Aoarcly noticed him. She, t -c, met her fa e that ev« n>Dg, and knew ir. She had pLuty of admirer ; but she was accustomed to admiration and took it as her due. What she desired waa an emot-on wLich would rouse her own foolish little heart. She had never had that yet — or so slightly that it was not worth thinking about. But tonight she sat for a long while under the shelter of a big palm talking to a lioudsome young man, whore dark eyes seemed to stir her »iy soul. It was love at first eight with tbeso two, and no mistake sbout it. Maurice Conrnirham iveftf off to his club when he left Mrs Montgomery's re ception, with a wild mixture of emotions at work within hiin. He was & penniless youoger eon. Should be ever bare tbe courage to ask this girl to be his wife r She was not exactiy an heiress, as heiresses are estimated in London society ; but she had a very nice little fortune. He vowed he wonld not see her again ; for Maurice was a fine fellow and did not belong to that modern school of yoiin£ men who marry money, and ss much of it as possible, as a matter of course. Fate, however, cr love— something at aU events muuh airouger than MaiuiceV re-olu- lion, was at work, and he found himself con- timutilv at Isabel's side- Tbey visited at the f&>ne houses, dined vis-a-vis at the fame tables, met at dccct-s, concerts, garden partii-H. in all the ruh and gaie'y of a London reason. Isabel Jwes a success, and her pretty hosd might well tare been turned with lh« admiration she excited : indeed, it was h little. She refused offer after offer with a sense of triumph. She hud made up her own mind that- there waa but one man I she would Lurry, und he hsd not poken yc-t. Before ibo season waa over Isabel suffered a tricar lot. Her mother died suiideuly. bhe Jmd long known thutehe suffered from Iieurt dbea.-e, f-o all ber Htfuirs were in good order, eo ir as it lay in her power to raafire thcta ; hr will was made aou signed, leaving all hht- nofSHsstd to Label. But Label conld nut live alone mh-'T pretty fiat, ftinon her own (Lings, as she 0 much dirc'l. I'erhapa f-ho would have cone so if she had been an Americas cirl : she wonld have engaged n companion and stayed in ber own home. But Isabel, being an English ciri. tied educated on ibe Continent -fid nor- venture on such independence as thie. Sho j covered up all lior treasures very carefully, j locked up her flat, and went to live with her ; grandmother— vowing in her own mind, that | it should ce for tbe shortest po.-rible time ! I She grieved for her motbrr. «cd was very j sad at her loss ; and when Maurice Conyng- I Laui came to cell one day end found her alc-ne j io tho druaing-rootu in her bLcfe dress with j tear iu her eyes, his heart t-mote him. and he felt fail of pity a well aaovc. And so the words long hesitating on his lips were spoken — he asked Isabel tv be bis wife — and tbe ?«— she consented. Mrs Montgomery's wrath wheu she heard of this was a eight to eee, and something to hear. 44 Marry that penniless fellow !" she ex claimed, 44 you, that have refused half a dozen good matches ! Isabel, you areas great a fo( 1 as jour poor motner !" She stormed aud roved for a while, acd then, calming down suddenly, said in a very earnest manner : — 4 4 Now, Isabel, I will give you your last chacce. Charles Ferceval wus here this morning, aud told me he wished to ask von to riarry him. He s old, of course, for you ; but he's twice too good for you. Now, will vou. give up this silly affair and marry him ? Fil make you my heiress if you will, for I know then my money will be managed by somebody with some eeote." 44 My dear Grannie !" exclaimed Isabel. " Ton must know me better tbaa to think you can tempt me like that !" 44 Then I wash my hands of you," said Mrs Montgomery, angrily, 44 Mate your own bed aud lie on it. You'll regret what yoa are doing ; bat don't come to me then !" CHAPTER II. Isabel had her own war, of conrse. Spoiled children always do. .She was married very quietly, as soou as her mourn ing permitted. After a fortnight of ohildieb enjoyment in Paris, the young couple settled down in Isabels flat ; for she waa longing to be in her own home again, surrounded by her own treasures. They were as happy ab t'ne dsy Ion#, these two. It was true, Maurice had scarcely eoongh money of his own to keep him in clove and cigars ; but they were both too unworldly and too much in love to think about the anomalous position. Be sides,- Maurice's friends, rather pleaded with him for marrying web, were now exerting t)i(.niSfilrM tD tPV And trfib. him a ("InT-tarri man f appointment oa tbe well-known principle teat success deserves to be encoursged. A whole year of supreme kappintss and content passed, in wliioh they enjoyed life to too fail : tbey were both very popular in soe'oty, and thoroughly enjoyed going oat, and entertaining ; while at home, aione every moment was a delight. Can each a state of things last ia this world r It seems fated not to. At all events, iu this summer air, a thunderbolt fell at last. These young people had never eeen such a thing, and did not understand it« import. They examined it curiously, and smiled at each other across the breakfast table. It took the for® of a letter from Mr Benjamin, and arrived by tbo first post in the morning. " I'd better go into tbe city and see him for yon, hadn't I ?" suggested Maurice. 44 Yes dear. nleafiAn" said Ta.iVuO To them a visit to the city appeared ia the light of an heroic action. Label was going into the park in her victoria, and when Maurice left her at the entrance and got into a hansom she felt that he was really eacri firing himself for her interests ! He returned only josfc in time for dinner and with a face that seemed to Isabel rather white and tired. That horrid city ! ' she exclaimed. 44 It has made you look quite ill." 44It'e not that, Isabel. It's bad news. I'm afraid yoarmoney'e gone)" 44 My money gone!" said Isabel, quite uoable to realise the weaning of tho words. 44 \ es, gone. It's hard to believe, isn't it. That mine was a bad investment." 44 Ob, Maurice, don't say that!" said Isabel, turning white, too 44 Whatever shall uo do if it is true?" ' I don't know, dear, quite. I must burry up my people and tty to get into so AnnAlfitmanr. '' "Oh, Maurice!" eaifi Isabel piteouzly. Bui siil! ii was all meaningless and unintel ligible to her. 8h# knew less about business than some children jo. " 111 go and tee Benjamiu again to morrow." said Maurice. And so they sat down, for the first time, to dinuer without gaiety. But Isabel recovered herself before dinner waa over. " It will came sil right," ehseried. The next fi&y; Maurice Conyngham went down tothe oityagsin. Ho returned this time very quickly. The wofst bad happened, in a few hoars; and Benjamin had disappeared, no me knew yvbere. What Waa to be done next ? Neither knew: but Maprioe was a man at heart, though somewhat spoiled by eocial conditions and a life of inactivity. He went outagaiu, and went to see his oivn friends. As might be expected by anyone who knew a little of the world, he was not welcomed with enthusiasm when his tele was known The interest shown in him had really sprung from tl.e fact that he had married a girl with some money and was no longer such a dead weight on his family. No w that money was gone he had lost itis recommendation— that was what his news amounted to, viewed from their point of view. However, blood relationship is something, and Maurice put. on the pressure very steadily, and extorted promises of influence being exercised to ob tain him an appointment. With these | promises he had to bo oontent ; they were all be had to take hauk to Isabel. But ehe; was a child still, and tbey cheered her. CHAPTER III. The carriages and horses had been sold : Isabel's pearls were gone ; and daily Maurice went out and worried his friends. But he had obtained nothing a>vet. Then & dreadful thing happened — so it seemed to Isabel. The day for the quarter's rent came round, and she could not write a cheque for jr. Ehe actually went to her writing table utd took out her cheque-book and looked at it.. There were plenty of cheques still in tbe book, but there was no money in the bunk. She took up a bundle of old cheque books, which meant so much money paid away. She thought of how prompt «he bad always been m her payments, how generous she had been to every one about. 44 Surely people won't be hard on me/' she thought. Now as it haprens notbinc irritates people so keenlv as for anyone who has been in the habit of paying well to give up that pleasant habit, however much against their own will the surrendering of it may be. 44 Isabel," said Maurice one day suddenly, 44 do you know what wo must do next 4 What ?" asked Isabel, apprehensively, rather startled by hia toue. "Give up the flat and sell the things." 44 Give up the flat and sell the things !" echoed Isabel, in such amazement that sbe couid only repeat what she had beard. 44 Oh, impossible He found it was impossible. She could not be induced to see that it was within the bounds of human reason : tbe tilings were her own. part of her very self. 44 All my dear mnthcrV treasures !'' ehe said with in dignant tears ; and Maurice felt && if it was hia fault. He applied himself more reso lutely than ever to importuning his friends, and to looking oat for employment on his own account ; he even fell to that last and most bopelesN of all resorts, searching the advertisement columns of tho newspapers. When tynnn has c-ome to that his spirit is well-uin broken. M iu rice's was not broken yof, but he had sense enough to see the difficulties that lay m the way. He had never doneanything— hehad no experience- he had made no commencement ; and worst of all he had no busiuess friends. His own relatives were people who thought tbe Foreign Office the right sort of place for him, and anything more mercantile an im possibility, and i Lev simply could not realise what it meant to be actually without money. But that was the situation in which these 1 you eg people found themselves. 1 One day Maurice cu:ne to Isabel in her ' own room. His face Pad 6uch a look on it that she started up in alarm. 44 It has rente/' he said; "the landlord is going to take the things. "Wc had better have old t hem t urselves " 44 But it's impossible V' cried Isabel. 44 My things ! What rijiht have they ?%' Tbey had a few days' grace in which to try and get the money, and each day Isabel put ou her bonnet aud walked to Mis Mont gomery's house, determined to &bk; her help, and each day walked away without knocking at the door. She had never eeen licr since her marriage. What prevented her she could hardly nay — whether prideor want of courage — but she could not knock at the door. On one occasion as she came away she met Charles Perceval faoetoface. He looked at her keeuly, but ehe only bowed and paeeed on. The end came, and Isabel stood and watched it — watched ali ber treasures torn UOwn and carried away It was as if she were being dragged limb from limb herself. Then, trembling from head to foot, she took Maurices arm and walked out of her home. They baJ nothin? now but Maurice's own pittance. He had bravely gone alone in search of cheap lodgings, for which it would be just possible for him to pay. To these lie now took Isabel, who looked at her new biirroundings with pure and simple amaze ment. She had never imagined h<-r-oif in such a place or in eucL a position. She could 1 not conquer theidea that it was uunece'Sdry to take off her cloak — that she had merely come to visit tome protege and would shortly go home. But no — this was home ! Mauris took off her bonuet and cloak for ber, and then these two bud to contemplate a supper of the simplest aort instead of dinner, for the first time in their lives. Isabel's beloncingB (and Isabel herself, for the matter of that) were terribly out of place in the little rooms she lived in now. Her tea gown?, ber promenade dresses, all the luxuries of her toilet, seemed ridiculous. But there was a ouve or that, as she very soon found. That firet simple supper had been a trial ; but afterwards such an one came to be regarded as a desirable thing. And in order to supply it, these out-of-plaoe luxuries of Isabel's went the same way as tho carriages and horses It is all very well to be Spartan and philo sophical for others, and on principle, but no one who ha not experienced it knows what it is to sec the beauty of oue's life going out, and to be helpless. To have to sacrifice all that makes life worth Urine in order to pet food enonvh to support life ! It is an irony of fate hard ro bear for those who are the actual subjects of it. 44 Thank God we have no children !' said Maurice one day ; and Isabel made no answer, knowing he bad wished for children. The speech struck coldly upon her. And from then she began to feel aa if he no lonper loved her. Hi Lad grown moody: he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her. Iudeed, as she mournfully <vmfe?sed to herself, he had no excuses now — (ht-re was never a new toilette to enable hira to say 44 that suits you better than anything 1 have t-G-;n you in !" No, instead of such pretty speeches, he had grown used to words that at first seeti.ed to' burn his lips— tho phrases which are only possible in this ninuteentb century when Focial death is accomplished— 14 Yire can't afford that," 44 it costs too much," 41 we mast do without it." oucuu ueaiu was uccumpusneu, as it seemed, finally, for these two. They had pat-sed out «f thc-ir world, the only world they knew of, aa completely as if they had been hud in the grave. Lass of money moans this in the present day. Isabel bore that heroically, and the endured privation with tolerable courage : but when she began to feel that Maurice" affection for her was dying out, that the joy of h:-i life was going from her, though she was still young and beautiful, she became desperate. She would sit at the shabby breakfaet-table, when he rose and left it without a word or a Idas, and would cry her eyes out when he had gone out ou one of his fruitless efforts. Tb»-ii she would end by looking hopelessly at herself in the glass. This was tbe one-time beauty ! — red eyes, hair no longer dressed in the fashion, for she coulJ cot do it for herself ; an old gown, und an air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may l«ok band-ome in ber poverty, but not a woman of Isabel's type. tlniihp hAVip tn hpimnfi-l Imp Vnn n !-«. So 1«o without all that rooDcy gives to set it off. This ia a (ruth, but Isabel was mistaken in appostnzit was because of this that Maurice was go cold. The proud man, roused to a consciousness of himself by this trial was eating his heart out : he thought Isabel de spised him because he was so helpless, and so th oreash widened. Isabel hod only one dress left now — a dress 1 such as at one time she wonld have been ! afraid to give ber maid. On a certain after noon when Maurice had been out the whole day on his ceaseless quest, Isabel rose sud denly from licr chair and went to the glass. What would she say to me dressed like this !" ehe said aloud, and almoBt laughed. Sbe was thinking of ber grandmother. Bat she had passed the point now at whioh either pride or timidity oould hold her back. She ; had booome desperate. She felt that in reality i she would prefer to die than to live on in , the condition sho was. She dressed herself < for the street and laughed again when she looked at the completed effect. 4<Sho. won't know me?" Fhe said to herself. Her mind was made up to go to Mrs Mont gomery. She travelled floroea Londoniu an omnibus, at which abe wondered even more \ ban at her dress ; aud arrived at tho door, did not turn away but boldly knooked. Tho man-servant who opened it admitted her without a word, but Isabel thought he looked rather as if ho saw a ghost. ! 44 Mrs Montgomery is U-petairs," he said. 41 1 will call Elizabeth." Elizabeth was Mrs Montgomery's special attendant, who bad been witb ber for years. She oame down tbe stairs, her eyes wide opn at the sight of Isabel. " Oh, Miss Isabel !" fhe said, calliug her by her old name, 44 Iiu glad to see you. But, excuse me, miss — I mean — Mrs Conyngham, I don't know if tbe mistress will see you ! She is very bitter !" 14 I'm not going away without seeing ber Elizabeth," said Label, though she honestly felt a little frightened. 44 See what you can do — I'll go inhere." She turned into a tittle sitting-room that opened out of the large dra win groom, from whioh it was oep&rnted; by heavy curtains. It was strange to her to be in these luxuri ous rooms again, eo familiar to her. Mrs i Mongomery had evidently just been in the 1 sitting-room ; her purse and handkerchief j lay on the table, and a jewel case. Isabel recognised the case ; it brought back memo- ' ries of the happy evening when she first met Maurioo. Oh, how long ago it Beemed. She took up the case and opened it. Yea, there were the diamonds. They had been re-set, and looked more lovely than ever. Suddenly ft thought creased Isabel's mind. An argu ment passed through it like lightning — these diamonds should have been hers — they almost belonged to her — her grandmother was cruel and unjust.. In aaother moment ihe argument was finished— the diamonds were concealed in her dress, the case Bhut and empty, and Label, faint and sick, stood by the table loaning on it. Elizabeth came softly to the door. 44 She will not see you, msd&me;/' said the woman. ,4Ohf Mi?s Isabel, she is hard!" For her eye, travelling over label's figure saw every bitter aicn of poverty, and she pitied tbe girl from her heart. "Did she say anything:" asked Isabel faintly. Do you want me to toll you 5" asked Elizabeth. 44 Yes, toll me." 44 She said, 4 Tell ber she made her own bed, and she can lie on it.' " Label turned away and walked downstairs und out of tbe hou?e. Sbe did not teem to know herself or who ehe was. The world was all chunked. Tfint her all ehovild be gone — that her husband should have wearied of ber— that her own flesh aud bood thould turn her from the door— thdt ?ffie whould bea thief — for uireadv, in spite of all her casuistry this awful word was beginning to burn itself into ber brain and ring iu hereare. She ttMlt KtTftii'li! linmo M-«a I there. Ho hud reiurned and found ber gone out, a titiuif which had not happened before since their fortunes had fallen. But lie made no comment. He received her in silence — that silence which hurt ber eo much. She professed to be tired, und «pt with closed eyes, thinking. The jewels were witbio tho bosom of her dress. It seemed to her that they burued her akin. Now that she had tfaem, what was she to do Y She knew that eha must give them to Maurice ; that he could well the earrlnus, and that the racuey they would brinjr would take th6m abroad. Then they could aell the necklace and make some kind of 6tart in life. Isabel longed to feel the money in her hands— to b« at an end of this awful poverty. But her difficulty was that she would have to tell Maurice a lie. She would have to tell him that her crandmothor gave her the stones. She could not bring herself to do this ; aud yet, if she sold the diamonds her self, wonld it be any easier to explain her possession of the money CHAPTER IV. All that night Isaho! resolved this problem iu her mind. She bid the diamonds in a safe place ; and then tried ro decide what to do. Sbe did trot deep at aU, but lay staring iuto the aarkne.ss. It war, tor her, ono of those D'Lts that make on indelible stamp on the life. The horror ot' guilt was upon her, but she held it at bay as if it were a wild animal. She told herrelf a huudred timed she would rather be a thief than endure tbe poverty sho was living in, and with no hope of any thing else to look forward to. Oh ! that was the worse alternative. So the woulinot let hersolf think of her guilt. She finally , decided, just as tbe dawn came, that nhe would herself fell the earrings. She would then simply tell Maurice that a friend had helped her, and persuade him to go abroad away from the pi ai'.» where "aU their 44/riendn" still were who had so utterly for gotten them. In the morninc, when. asu?ual, Maurice went out, ehe also drenced as soou as be was gone, and started on hir errand. She had decjded to go into a part of London where ehe was utterly unknown right ictbecit/; eo ehe took her way to the otnnibus. She was so full of painful excitement, so lost in thought that she did noi notice a firentloman meet hc-r, stop, ana then lurn and follow her. But just as she was getting into the omnibus she felt a hand on her aim. For the fir.st time in her life he was visited by real terror —her heart appeared to absolutely stop beat ing. She had not realised till this moment how fearfully conscious she was of her guilt — the had glosrod it over to herself so far— uui u; lAJoi ivuuu tue uiuiiu or toe jaw petri fied her. Had she been found out .' No. It whs Charles Perceval. 44 May 3 detain you a few moments, Mrs Conyngham 7" he said. 44 i came up hero ou purpo-e to see you/' Sbe hesitated— but after a second's doubt decided to stay and listen to him. Perhaps he had brought some good news from her grandmother ! And iudeed she was so shaken by bor moment of terror that she hardly felt able to go on immediately upon her errand. So bbc turned back aud walked by his side along the street. " I dare sav you will wonder how t know your address," he r aid, 44 So I may as well tell you at once. I followed you yesterday," Isabel looked at him in amazement and witb some alarm. 44 Yea," he faid, quietly end gravely, meeting her anxious look with very serious eyes. 44 I writiugin the draw'inL'-room yesterday for Mrs Montgomery She was going to ber jeweller'o, aud as 1 had business in the same direction, ehe offered mo a seat in the carriage." 44 Fou followed me," said Isabel, feiatly, her lips perfectly white. ' : 44 Yes; 1 excused myself from accompany, ing Mrs Montguery— I tent her a message of excuse— and followed you. 1 had a reason for wishing to know where yoa lived. Per haps you can gueso it/' Isabel walked on mechanically ; her brain reeled ; earth and sky seemed meetinsr. After a moment' pause Mr Perceval went on. 44 When you came into the sitting room at Mrs Moutiromerys yesterday I thought it waa sho returned ready to go out. When I came to the curtail: 1 caught sight of you— 1 eaw your troubled face, and I drew tack, thinking you might not care lo see me." . He paused. They had reached the house in which Isabel lived. 14 Come in/ she paid faintly, and Jed (he «i. jic joiijwco ner into me one sitting room and glanced quickly round it. " Poor child !'' hesaid, under his breath. Isabel sank into u chair and looked at him with wide-open, terror-slrickeu eyes. But she had recovered her Felf- posscseion and some of her dignity. She remembered that this man had loved her. What was his object now? 44 Yon have not told xse yet/' she said why yon followed me yesterday." "Have I not?" he replied, "I BhonJd have thought I had. Well, I will go on. I met Mrs Montgomery at dinner last night and ehe told sue that when she arrived at the jeweller's she found the jewel oaae ebe carried was empty. She had never thought of looking at it before." Isabel's lips moved, bnt she said nothing. iHar eyes remained fixed upon him. He went on slowly. 44 A new parlor maid, who came Into tbe house only & few days ago, brought Mrs Montgomery a oup of tea whue I was there. This girl was Arrested last night, and is now in prison." Isabel uttered a cry. She sprang to her feci. 44 Oh I" sbe exclaimed, " but that must not be!'' She stood there, panting tike & stag at bay, for a moment. Then, calming herself with an effort, said, 44 1 will go now and see my grandmother," and she turned as if to go on the instant. i 44 No, don't do that," hesaid, 44 she will have no meroy. Mrs Conyngham, I saw the diamonds taken ; I saw the thoughts of the person who took them plainly written on ber face. Poor child! Let me save her. I see what you have suffered. Sell me thoee diamonds. You were going to sell them io a jeweller. Sell them lo me, and I will get that girl out of prison." Is-ibel looked at him in amazement. 44 1Vhy should you do this?" she said, speak ing with difficulty, her agitation was so great. 4; Yon know/' he 6 aid, 4i that I loved you. My lore for you is real. Ioannot bear to see yon suffer, even though yon obose another man. Now let me help you through this I can shield you from everyone— even from him." Label stood still, a desperate mental I struggle evidenced in her face. 44 No/' ehe cried out at last 44 1 will not be shielded. I will own to what I have done. Help me in than, and you will help me iudeed Take me now to my grandmother's." He obeyed her without protest, for ber face showed it would be useless. Tbey drove as quickly as possible to Mrs Montgomery'?. Arrived therelsabel went straight in with out waiting tor any announcement, and with a look on her face which prevented tbo ser vants from interfering with her. She found bergrandractbersitiing in the drawingroom. Without a word she placed the diamonds on the table before her. 44 Great Heavens ! Isabel !" cried Mrs Montgomery, 44 1 uever dreamed of you." 44 Have me arrested," said Isubel, 44 and let that poor jrfrl go free." "What am I to do r" said Mrs Mont gomery, for the first time in h6r iii'e feeling perfectly helpless, eo surprised was ehe at the situation. ,4Go home with your granddaughter," said Mr Perceval, who had quietly followed Isabel into tbe room, 44 and see how ehe i living aud what the temptation waste her.-' At this Isabel broke down. She sank into a chair with a sob and fainted dead awav. Mrs Montgomery was thoroughly slartleil. She summoned Elizabeth to bur aid, aud while restoratives were beiug given to Isabel, she had a brief agitated talk with Mr Perceval. It ended iu lier ordering the car riage and driving Label home. She stayed with her some time, but left before Maurice came iu. 4 1 don't want to see him," she said. 44 X can't forgive you for marrying him and not Perceval. Don't you recret it yourself wheu you see how nobly he has behaved in this affair, standing by yon &s; he has!" Mr Perceval is noblo, I Anew; but then, you see, 1 Jove Muurice " 'li you i-ukumv advice you'll never tell him a w«.rd about this affair," &aid; Mrs Montgomery sharply. But Isabel's mind was nude up. Sh had passed ibrouirh theordeal. 8he wailed rest lessly till Maurice returned, and then toM him the whole story, without otniariou, with out extenuation. Thoonly tx« ufesheoffered was that sbe could not bear the thought tint bis love foi ber waa being killed by their poverty. "Poor child, how you must have suf fered !" said Maurice drawing Jier to him; and then he told her how he had feared ber contempt. The reconciliation between them was so deep a joy that thsir troubles were forgotten for tbe moment. The worst trouble of all waa removed. Mr Perceval was one of those who do a thing thoroughly or not at all. He bed great influence, which he seldom ured. He used it now, however, for Maurice Conyneb&ro;, and obtained bim an appoint ment which at once lifted bim our of poverty. Isabel's orteal tempered ber spirit for life. The discovery that Maurieulmd not loved her lesp bnt had begun to fear her, touched her soul to (he quick. "W hen biin fouud Maurir-e io poBsegfiion of no income which would just give them comfort if rightiy administered, fthe devoted herself to make the utmo-t ut it . Maurice had io work now— a novelty to him ; but it satiefied his priae And his home was a place of perfect pleatare. Mre Montgomery, literally surprised into revealing tbe human nature in her, found herself reconciled to her granddaughter. But, though Isabel went occasionally into i oeioty again, ehe could never be perguaded to wear the fatal diamonds. 44 They burued my skin once!" she said, " when 1 wore tbem under my dress — they would burn it again. I remember my guilt well enough without that !" The End. 