A MORTIFIED GENERAL. LOBENGULA1S general is said to have hanged himself through chagrin at hi* defeat. This settling of his earthly ac count in the " high Roman fashion," though with some difference as to the exact method,-will recall " the taking oft! yb their own hands of many other vanquished heroes, including not it few more civilised ones than the leader of the Matabele host. One of the best remembered of such cases in modern times is of course that of Villeneuve, Admiral of the combined French and Spanish fleets at Trafalgar. As is well known, he committed suicide, as it is supposed, through rage and shame at having to answer to Napoleon for the loss of the " last French fleet." . Of the heroes who, in certain extremities, meant, to make their quietus in the speediest manner, but fol1 whom happy chance averted stich a fate, the list is not a short one» An illustrious instance Was that of Frederick the Great of Prussia» Frederick, as" is well known too, luid determined that if matters came to the worst with him during the Seven Years' War he would poison himself. That passage is a familiar one in which ii celebrated English writer has, with curious antithesis, described the "King as going round with " a quire of bad verses in one pocket and a bottle of corrosive subli- mate in the other." A much more modern instance of the kind, and also from Prussian history, is furnished by the career of Bis- marck. It is said, and with much apparent probability, that if that great battle in which the efficiency of the re- organised -'Prussian army was for the first time fairly tested had gone against his countrymen, he had made up his mind, to die . hy his own hand, if he escaped that of the enemy. , Had Sadowa indeed been an Austrian victory in- stead of a Prussian one, Bismarck's committing suicide would probably have only saved, the 'executioner a job. He would have been impeached as the destroyer- of his corin try ¿. Another name, as many are well aware, which must be added to the number of those who narrowly missed suicide is that of the Great Napoleon. According ? to sohle accounts the Emperor, during the cam» paigii of' 1814, imitating the ^ example bf Frederick, constantly had poison in his .possession. . Whether' this ho true or not, it seems pretty certain that-on tho eve of. the Abdication of Fontainbleau the Em- peror swallowed poison, but that, through taking ah overdose,' his purpose was feated. If the same legend is to be credited, the fatalistic ideas of Napoleon pre- vented a repetition of the experiment. He concluded, it must be written, that-he was not to perish in that Avay. Marc Antony,. it will be recalled, when about to consign himself to the shades, speculated as to how his presence and that of " Egypt's Queen Mdlle. Catherine Barthio in the Study in Blue. would " make the ghosts glad." As for tho luckless African general) who has just speeded himself thither, what Avith departed warriors who erstwhile have been either actual or potential suicides, there should, at ¿my rate, be ghosts enough to keep his in countenance. 