ttORILAND HO! jfeorvRTGint. N attire s Enchanting- Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATE A WE STB DRY, I if Mil I " CHAPTER VII.— Continued. " My songs are anything but senti mental," says he, apologetically, and at the Bame time thrumming a lively air. " Oh, I should like to go Where the golden apples grow ; Where, below another sky Par.rot islands anchored lie. Where in sunshine reaching out, Eastern cities miles about, Are, with mosquo and minaret, Among glorious gardens Bet. Oh, I should like to ride Tlirou' the Simoon fiery tide ; Where the apes and coooa-nuts, And the negro hunter s liuts J Where the knotty crocodile Lies and blinks in the Nile ; Where in jungles near andfar, Man-devouring tigers are.' Applanse and laughter, together with many regrets that the gallant singer can not have his wish (as set forth in his song) gratified. . _ , . When the noise has subsided the sol dier asks Miss Weldoh to sing. Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Fenton Howe and his friend are seated, and moveB quietly to the piano. " I'm afraid I shall bore you withmy entiment, Mr West." "Not at all," he says, laughing. Grace select her song, and sings u well in her rich mezzo-soprano. " When the flowers are all dying, And the south wind sweet and low, Round their graves a dirge is sighing, ' Will it not be sweet to k:aow ' That, while autumn clouds axe looming, And the summer charms dlepart, ' There are brighter flowers bhoomiug In the garden of the heart." "When the breath of evening lingers 1,n a,,,, 'a raws anfl.lv steal xx 11 vi kill? quu o a. lj ' ' m". v- Through the vine with rosy fingers, ... Wilf it not be joy to feel 'That, while we in wakeful dreaming Mark the golden moments roll, There's a brighter morning beaming Through the twilight of the soul." Not a breath of noisy applause fol lowed the girl's song. The charm was too strong upon her listeners for that. Amid the silence Madam Elsie came for ward to the rescue of her neice. With a soft touch upon the instrument, she sang a reverie by one of New Zealand'3 famous song writers, — " Star by star has slowly faded over head, The flashing light-maxked bars of gold and red A moment linger. The fair young day Wakes o'er the tinted ranges. Far away , . Echoes the laughter of the jay. A weird, but lovely hour. The glowing morn Grows swifter than my thought. The dawn , For dreams and castle-'building in the air, With fair and roseate sihadows every where — A scene to shut out care. \- The churchyard yonder, with its silent \ dead — Dust unto dust — holds all I wor shipped. Methinks 1 hear a small voice cry — " We shall have fairer meeting, you and I, In Christ's glad immortality." The sombre trees . which round mo drowse and moan Repeat in whispers, " Thou art not alone." Thy kindred spirit says. " There is no death, Save to the doubter. Love and faith Stand here and answereth." " We are going to drift into the melan choly stage, I do believe," whispers Howe to Vane, and the next moanent he is at the piano, thrumming out a very lively prelude to a song he calls "BrownEyes." " Just the old, old story Of light and shade,; Love like the violet tender, Like it may be to vary, May be to fade. Just the old tender story, Just a glimpse of morning glory, In an earthly paradise, With shadowy reflections In a pair of sweet brown eyes. Brown eyes a man might well Be proud to win ! Open to hold his image, Shut under silken ladies, Only to shut him in. Ob, glad eyes look together, For life's dark stormy weather Grows to a fairer thing, When young eyes look upon it Through a tiny wedding ring. They stood above the world in a world apart, And she drooped her happy eyes ; > And stilled the throbbing pulses Of her happy heart. And the moonlight fell above her, a Her secret to discover; And the moonbeams kissed her hair, As though no hum an lover Had laid kisses there. . " Look up, brown eyea," he said, " And answer mine ; Lift up those silken fringes That hide a happy light Almost divine," The jealous moonlight drifted To the finger half uplifted, Where shone the op al ring — Where the colors danced and shifted 0»n the pretty changeful thing.'; 'JBravo, young ieUdw," cries xsthe major, applauding with , bofch hanisaud thereby, singeing his beard Vith th&fire; from the cigar Kei is smoHnjj, " I hapf no ideayou were musical." Fenton laughs. "I fancy we are not, .wise judges of , each other," he says, "Now, I have an ictea that our worthy ¥ rriy Vi?i myh'imliV kiiily pud calls forthemaj or. ;'.8pul,r,: ./ejaculates the night before Inkermniann, when a few of 1 ours ' were dining witli General Catli- c iifc. Colonel Tom Suttou gave 1113 his runlidential opinion 011 my vocal elTort — he said that my voice reminded him of a saw grating on a nail." "There is one 3ong you EJied to sing, pa," says Grace. " You know I have accompanied you many a time, when you and I have been shut up together iu that great wintry house at Hawthorn." "Eh! yes, certainly," reflects the major. " But, my dear, the ditty is only fit for children, or— or an officer's mess- room." The guests will not take a refusal, and the host is led captive to the piano, where Grace takes her seat, aud begins a lively but pretty prelude. " Gentlemen, the song lias what my friend, Tom Sutton would term, a rattling chorus," again say3 the major, clearing his throat for action. " Capital ! so much the better," cry the others. " Trust the lad, though now rebelling ; Do not fear. Turn him uot from this our dwelliug, Father dear ! Bear with him a little longer In his sin. Love will make his poor heart stronger- Take him in. Chorus — Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear. He may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. Scarcely twenty years have brightened And grown sere, Since a babe cur hearts he lightened, Father dear. How we loved our little brother ; Ah ! thought we, Not in all the world another Such as he. "Chorus, boys." And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that the poorest musician may join iu its full compass. On one stifling hot December, Oh, how drear ! Mother lefc us all, remember, Father dear. And before she entered, smiling Into joy. "Love, "she said, with voice beguiling " Love my boy." Chorus — Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; He may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. CHAPTER VIII. a peep into temple ashfokd's diary. I find I only began to live at twenty. I, Temple Ashford, only son of Sir George Ashford, Major General, K.C.B., of Glencourt, awaken up to the fact that hitherto, viz., from my infancy to the age of one score years 1 had existed only, 110 more. Iu this, my chronicle, with its faded ink and its yellow pages, will be found the events which roused me into life. Ah, me ! what shadows haunt us till we have found the power and the way to imprison them. Keep a diary, and lo ! every thought, every haunting memory of the past, rising as sheeted ghosts to terrify and drive us to despair, are chained, bound fast. We take them from our hearts, and lay them to sleep within a frail sheet of paper, else will they worry us to our doom. When did I begin to live ? One sunny day, after I had returned to Glencourt from Eugland, where for five years Ox ford had claimed me as its pupil, Horace, Platus, Moliere, Le Sage, Voltaire, Cer vantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, and Swift gave me no more knowledge of the world than book lore gives to the impulsive student who finds life but lo live, and en joyment the chief aim of life. There are men who say they know the world, because they know its vices. Ad mit this claim, and what sage would rival a smart policeman ? I had the lore of the sages, but I was utterly ignorant of that great "book, mankind. Light-hearted, happy, and without a care, I took men and women for what they seemed. Goethe, with all his strange, weird-like power, presented only the beautiful to my in ward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to me only of light and strength. His great creation, flwi Prin/>i> Tiarb-noea Uimcnlf uma tiA< to my mind, the miserable cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride — good perverted. A man will never become a scholar of the world without the one thing needful — observation. You may enrich your mind and store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is as so much fuel, wanting the appliance of the match to fire it into life and activity. It mostly happens that experience is the forerunner of observation. Deceit briug in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This is my proccs verbal a maximis ad minima." After weary years of watching and waiting I began to write these things dowu. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to mouth, of circumstance or event as it took place, but because the only way that presented itself to me of allaying memories that were almost unbearable was to jot them here in black and white. Sunny the morn, and beautiful the landscape, decked in its morning robe of green and grey and russet brown as I took my way across the bracing uplands of Westland. Bnieath me pranced and capered Hannibal, my father's favorite hunter, who, pulling strong in his tiery pride, carried me along like a bird on the wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain I saw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a headlong gallop towards the roeks and chasms, and the deep ravines which border Lane Whipera. It needed no secoad glance to convince me that the steed — a powerful thoroughbred — had,the mastery, and was' carrying its fair burden to swift and certain destruction. I saw the reins were broken, but the rider sat (he flying horse coolly and gracefully, .her only grip being a piece of the ungovern able brute's inane, held firmly in her gloved hand. In an instant the situation was revealed to me. The next saw roe pressing Hannibal to his swiftest pace to intercept the runaway. There was about an. equal distauce between the nearest point of the lake and where the race be gan—the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for the water — I, taking a cross course to jcut him 'bff from thc.dan- gerbus point.-. It seemed to ,me : that 'death, certhimknd bloody, awaited ' tbe lady if I did not gain the rising ground first. With knee and voice I urged the gallant hunter, who, seeming to compre hend what was at stake, bounded along like a stag, flinging the white foam from l liis "nostrils, and snorting 111 reply, j I cannot tell how I joinedlapuo with 1 the frightened steed. Barelyfiftv paces The wrench and strain upon my wiint p, iiiii! iho yet, and will nam me while I ! live. The maddened brute pulled mount of the saddle, hut I held on to him and brought hi in up, his chest and flanks quivering and covered with sweat and blood. In a moment the fair rider leapt to the ground. Looking at her I saw a face of rare and exceeding loveliness, which smiled upon me, while her soft white hands touched mine that were aching aud throbbing with pain. A brunette of the Moorish type, with a dash of the wild Bohemian, the face brilliant, the red lips a trifle too full and too sensual, but alto gether a matchless, superb girl, just bud ding into womanhood. "Sir, how 'bravo you have been ; you have saved my life, and at the risk of your own. What can I say to you ? How can I thank you V" The voice was low, and sweet, and rich, — a most excellent thing iu woman. "I am already thanked," I said. "Is there any way in which I cau have the honour to assist you ?" She laughed, and with au Eastern grace replied, "mend my bridle, which naughty Tricksy has broken, and kindly see me to Hawksnest." " Hawksnest ! Is that your home ?" " Yes. You cau see its gablus yonder by the lake. This morning I went forth for a gallop with my favorite hero, but the brute turned restive and bolted." The runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its points that it was a grandly bred mare, a chestnut in color. " What a noble beast !" I said iu ad miration. " Yes," she replied, patting the naughty one's shining neck, " my brother gave three hundred guineas for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present." # Hawksnest was a roomy villa in a wild part of the country, surrounded by a forest of kauri pines, and lay about forty miles distant from Glencourt. Of its oc cupants I had never heard a word from my father, or my sister Hilda. It seemed all the more strange to me when my fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led ine to the house, and then in troduced me to her father, Ratazki Bar- jew. For a Pole he could speak English remarkably well. He was an alien from his beloved Poland, he said. He had taken part with the people in some dis turbances, and had to fly from his enemies. Barjew was tall and thin, with a dark, restless eye that never looked straight at you. I stayed and dined, and was intro duced to Riah Barjew's brother Paul. He was only a youth, scarcely out of his teens, but as I afterwards discovered he had a profound knowledge of the world, which at times baffled calculation. There are men who do not require experience in this art ; they take to it intuitively. Their first step in life exhibits the same profound mastery over the minds of others, as at the close of a noble or ig noble career. From the first I did not like Paul Barjew. Something there was in him that repelled, and yet attached me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination which liis beautiful Sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, and word. Lookiug back at these things through the vista of years, I am amazed at the mad- uess of my infatuation, for I know now it was not love. 1 became a constant visitor at Hawks nest. Riah Barjew met me ever with a blush and a smile of welcome. Ah ! her's was a mouth that surely smiled des truction ; her's was a face that was as a story whose leaves are yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with the moon overhead, and hosts of stars mirrored 011 its clear bosom. No Princess of the Tuileries, or of tho Quartier B had more grace, or a more fatal gleam in those black lustrous eyes, with their dangerous drop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, and alone with Riah Bar jew. " All, Monsieur," she pleads, softlj', " how brave you were that morning to dare to stop a mad runaway horse, in full flight ; it was marvellous. You saved my life. How shall I ever show half my gratitude ?" " Give me leave to love you, Riah." " Husii ! Those are graceful words, but you do not mean them, sir." " Gall me Temple, lady. Ah ! if I UUu WWII uUvi lll/il lLLUUipUllbU \> Iltlsll lies in the smallest title to your gratitude I am the happiest of men." She looked up at me with the light of the moon on her calm, dispassionate face ; " men yearn for nothing but power," sho answered, " Love with you means idle compliments and flattery. With us youth and beatiiy are Crown and Sceptre, and we reign over the realm of love. You are old, and require nurses or crutches ere power becomes youra. Wo — we live only in our youths aud iu our beauty, and we enjoy love in it. If I live long enough my hair will be white, aud my skin yellow. Bali ! let us not waste time in talking of that love which men pro fess." Oh, the calm dreams in silent glens and 011 wooded heights, with the echo of that silvery voice charming and luring nie. Oh, the soft music beneath the giant kauri pines ! Every lovely woman has a caprice, but Riah Barjew's every mood was with out the rule that guides most women. "You like music," sho says, softly. " Ah, yos, I can see it 111 your face. En glishmen are cold and prosy, but they have eloquent eyes sometimes." She sings, without effort, the familiar canzone ot Figaro, wiih a voice which the sweet throated tohos in the leaves above U3 might have envied. Prom Figaro to the sublime harmonies 'of the Stabat Mater, without prelude or apology, now wailing like the sigh of a vesper liymn at eventide, now bursting into passionate prayer, like the swell of a Te Deuni from the Cathedral altar. Out 011 the still night rose the matchless music of voice, rich, clear, thrilling, and changing auddeuly to one of Verdi's gayest arias, mingling Huckens' slumber song with some reckless Venetian barcarolle. " Your voice is exquisite, marvellous, Riah." She laughs softly. "They know hov to teach music iu Paris, sir." " You were not born in Paris, wen you 1" "No," she answers. "I claim 110 higher lineage than a half blood Maori, for my mother, and this dull, dark Island foirmy, birthplace. But my father sei it me toPrancf ere I could lisp his name, and there I remained until gqofi Madame de P entville could teach me nothing nvb'rep either of music or the latest scandal in fashionable circles. Sitting here reminds me of the old chateau at Dijon, whore we had lessons for breakfast, for lunch, auu lui . Cituiivi » way of dessert.:- How I used to beat my wings against the barred windows, and | her gazelle '-yes, and the rosy, smiling I lips. No more witching creature from, the pages of GaHuzzi, who dazzled all men who looked lui them with tho shine of their trcsso d oro, yot whose white jewelled hands shook the philtre into the loving cup. Let mo moralize no more, or I shall iillj the pages of my diary ere I have freed llie thoughts which rise betimes like accus ing angels. In the abslraat my sin lay in this. I was the willing dupe of a consummate | scoundrel and his confederates, who used a cold, calculating, and beautiful decoy to lure me, that is all. The details, abrupt, and perhaps a little vague, may serve as a beacon to others who, like my self, are ignorant of tho smooth gilded ways of wickedness. I had beeu acquainted but a short timo ; with the exile, Barjew and his family, when I begau to play. How it came about is a mystery, for in my heart I hated gambling. Perhaps it was because Riah Barjew was my partner at theso times, that I began to look forward to the long winter evenings at the villa as a sort of Edin, wherein there was only Eve for me. Not at this time, but long after wards I knew Hiftvksnest to be nothing more nor less than. a gambling den, and its inmates the very worst typo of so- called gentlemanly ruffians that prey on society. There was nothing unusual in the crowded rooms, iilled night after night with eager, watchful men and wo men who staked their last shilling with tho sang fro id of my Lord Rochester. Even at that time, when I saw nothing beyond the big black eyes of my lovely lure, it struck me as most strange, but I had visited Paris, and I knew the Parisians to be fond of ecarle as a paBtimo only. In my novitiate my fair partner was allowed to instruct me until I became an apt player, and I went into the trap. It was a curious study to watch the tide of fortune flowing into our bauds at the beginning. Truly, luck was every thing in our case. Many a lialf-smotliered sacre was heard from beneath the thick moustache of Ratazki Barjew at our suc cess, ana as his daughter swept the golden pieces into her lap. This waB the beginning. Slowly but surely the fever laid its grip upon me — the feverish excitement of the gambler. AVhile the malady was upon me I cared little whether Riaii Barjew was present or otherwise. The ambition to win seemed to absorb all else of thought or feeling within my heart. The photographs of the persons who gathered nightly round our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjew, with his thin, keen face hungrily watching the cards on the green baize. Opposite the host a well made, handsome young man, about my own age, by name Jocelyn Vanborough, and who might easily have been taken for my twin brother. Paul Barjew filled the picture as my vis- a-vi3. Beyond the glare of the lamps was one figure whom I observed often watching for some one who never came. It was the fornibfa lady, if the erect carriage, small, well gloved hands and a hundred otiier unmistakeablo signs of birth and breeding are any indications of a gentlewoman. She' always took up a position in tho same spot, and that spot the most shrouded part of the room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble themselves about her. At a cer tain hour she left the villa, but to( return again the next evening to her post. One night my curiosity got the better of my manners. " Who is this lady V" I asked of my host, pointing to the dark form standing motionless as' a statue. Barjew wheeled round. " Ah, mon. ami" he said, shrugging his shoulders, " that is a poor creature who comes and goes to my domicile as the whiui pleases her. Mrs Sydney Black is tho wife of my most intimate friend, a gentleman whom J shall have much pleasure in in troducing to you by and by. At present he is in Melbourne, but he will be here after tho races." " Is Mr Black a racing man V "My good friend," replied my host, with a laugh, " you English have a way of saying harsli words. Mr Black is a sportsman, and the owner of several race horses." "Humph! Does the lady know that her liege lord is absent ?" " Who can tell what the thoughts of women are!" answered Barjew, evasively. " Some vears airo Mrs Black lost an infant daughter. The poor creature lias not beeu altogether right here (touching his forehead) since that unfortunate event." " How lost ?" "Stolen out of its cradle ; kidnapped," bristly replied the host. ' Whoever the thief, he li3S managed to keep his secret and hide his crime. The child was never recovered. Come, mon cher, mind your play." if I had fortune at my back in the commencement, the jade soon turned her tickle front. I lost heavily — that is, my gambling transactions amounted to more thau I could pay. All had been well for me had I come to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warn ing, only created in me a determination to retrieve them. I returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, and parted with me in an angry mood. Did he suspect? Alas ! lor vain frivolous youth. Cut the string of the kite, aud lo ! whither will it go ? I wanted money, and my sister Hilda came to the rescue. I told her my honor was involved, and that a thousand pounds would free me. She gave me lier cheque book. " I have two thousand odd in the Bank of New Zealand, my graudmother's lnr w>tr " ah a rp.nli»d Dmw for i lunww; > — — — - amount if it will help you, Temple." I kissed her, and went back to Hawks nest." In a week I was beggared of every shil ling my noble sister had given me. There are some temperaments which become savage and desperate under defeat. Some !meu"there are, and I felt myself to be one of them, who, if they had the strength . to back the will, would wreck tho world j in their mad desire to conquer. I re- g member in my schooldays encountering I a big bully in the shape of a butcher-, a 1 course, brutal fellow, who was the terror I of the locality at fisticuffs. He was a mail and I a boy, but I would have beaten Ihirn to deathif his friends-had not taken linn away. The bully nearly killed me, yet my . wiU mastered him. " you..luMiie '"-devil's luck, Ashford," said Baulijjpw. , h Damprune. i3 decidediy against youp: fellow," drawled ; Van? iorcugli.'D Better not tempt the goddess any further." ! The vein front of Uiou 4 things won' ' Imvo opened the oven oi anyone leua be-, viiobed and foolish than myself, bnt the "'-» 1 ' f, -knew i..>v ' rh. driiigs winch . the puppets huaiun. TU01." wo ww ; ,caunt3 tp.ae, and i replied iiaughtny thai nip. I 