LORD BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. Trt THP. PriTTrtU Sir— I ehculd not have again troubled you had not ?ilr. Nicholson been rather hasty in repudiating the charge of misquotation. If he will kindly refer to my letter ho will find that tho words I used were these — But tha question really resolves into a rnatter of belief re^ardintj the Churoh as the kingdom of God and not an institution of men.' Surely it is misquotation or misrepresentation to substi tute 'tho Anglican Churoh' for 'the Church' nnd 'institutions' for 'institu- tion,' espeoially after I explained that by ' tho Church' I meant tha Holy Catholic Church of tho Creed. It is not legitimate inference or correot reasoning when a person speaks, of one definite thing, and says tha question is whether ic is of dirine institution or not;, to argue thst he is making a comparison between it and some other insti tutions of which he «v-.a not thinking, and de crying them as human institution*, and gratuitously assuming superiority over them. To alter another person's words and read into them another, meaning ia soaroely fair. This Mr. Nicholson has done. Again, Mr. Nichol son is, I hope, unintentionally misrepresent ing facts when he seems to suggest that the State document referred to sought to oonfer a title. If tin Act of Parliament were to use the words— 'The Reverend the President of the Wosleyan Conference,' or 'The Right Hon. A. B., Earl of C,' would that be conferring a title? Would not that ba only recognising the fact that there it such an officer of su3h an institu tion or such a person so Btyled ? Both of them exited before and independently of tho Aot of Parliament. In such a case ill would be ridiculous to talk of Parliament oonferring tho title. Notwithstanding all that hss beon written the question first asked has not yet bean answered. If tho title ' Lord' is freely accorded to dukes, earls, barons, &c;, why should it D9 unseemly to give it to nii«h'ps? The texts of Sjriptnre quoted apply to the one ca»e as much as the other. 'Lordincf ovor God's heritaze' is not the exclusive chara3teristio of bishops. It can be done and has been done by presidents and chairmen, hy laymen with the power of ths purse, and by Parliaments. Neither is there any assump tion of authority or dominion in designating an office or institution by the name of the plane where it is exercised or existH. The faot is the Ministerial Association were scared by a ghost of their own raising, as Mr. Thompson practically acknowledged — they prenuppoaed, i.e., they imagined something 'which,' ho says, 'happily is non-oxiaJeat here.' I am, Sir. &c;, ? W. S. MILNE. 