CUUREiT TOPICS. An irqgest will be held at the Newstead Inn at 11 a.m. to-day on the body of a man named Benjamin Peters, who was drowned in the river at Killafaddy on Thursday afternoon lsat. It appears that the deceased, who was employed by Mr Roberts, of Killafaddy, was looking after some sheep, when one of them got into the river, and he went in to try to get it. He got out of his depth, and being unable to swim was drowned. There were two other men present at the time, but as they could not swim no assisutace could be rendered. FOLLOWINO is the strength return of the Launceston General Hospital for the month of November, as compared with the corres ponding period of last year: -1893 - Strength November 1-49 maler,26 females; admitted during the month, 26 males, 29 females; total, 75 males, 55 females. Dis charged during the month, 36 males, 28 females; died, five males, two females; total, 41 males, 30 females. Strength December 1-34 males, 25 females. 1892 55 males, 27 females. Out-patients, new cases, 1893, 93; 1892, 71. Total atten dances-1893, 589; 1892, 361. ANNxVvese ART services in connection with the Wharf Mission Sunday school will be held to-morrow in the Mechanics' Institute. In the morning the Rev. J. G. Wright will preach, and a service of song entitled " The way to Heaven," will be rendered by the children in the afternoon, commencing at three o'clock. Mr R. Marshall, city mis. sionary, will conduct service in the even ing. Special hymns will be sung by the children, and collections will be taken up at each service. Tzz usual weekly train leaves Launces ton for Denison Gorge at 2'15 p.m. to-day. Lilydale has been included in the excur sion, and passengers may now alight at Lilydale, Tunnel, Lebrina, Denison Gorge, or Golconda. THa miscellaneous entertainment given in St. John's school-room, Elizabeth-street, last evening, proved to be very interesting. A strang choir of children rendered several choruses in a pleasing manner, the vocal waltz being given with an excellent swing, while the action song "Sailors' delight" afforded the boys an opportunity of displaying their vocal powers,which they did to advantage. Mtisses Baker, W. Eyre, and Amy Horne sang polos, while various duets were rendered by others. Tableaux ii and part songs filled up a well arranged o programme. Mr Ernest Whitfeld gave ex- n planations of the tableaux, and Mr H. L. a Smith acted as conductor. The atten- o dance was good and included the clergy of b St. John's Church. t FRIENDS of Mr C. E. Button, who will be c remembered by many old residents of o Launceston, where he lived for several c years, will be pleased to learn that he has v been elected as one of the representatives J for Auckland in the New Zealaud Legisla ture. The deputation which waited upon p him asking him to come forward was an d influential one, amongst them being many n prominent t members of the National c Association, representatives from the Auck- A land Union Parliament. and the president d of the Women's Christian Temperauce e Union, and the requisition presented con- s tained over seven hundred signatures. The y women's vote was largely cast in his favour, notwithstanding that he is a staunch I opponent of the Government. When he d met the electors at St. James's Hall, he was a accorded a hearty reception, and there was t one portion of his remarks which could be t well applied to many electorates in this y colony. He warned those present against 'I what he termed "small politics," ard a urged the'n to look upon politicalquestions p from a broad point of view, and not judge t a man on a single issue. Otherwise c politics, instead of being established on S broad principles, would dwindle down to c parochial questions, and he objected to go 1 to Wellington as a representative simply a because one class had chosen him on their o own narrow platform. f ANNIVERSARY services will be held at a the Presbyterian Church, Deloraine, to- v 'morrow. The Rev. Alex. Hardio is an- o nounced to preach in the church in the c afternoon and in the Town Hall in the evening. A PLEASURE trip has been arranged in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday t school, Invermay, fcr Boxing Day. The steamer Koonya has bean chartered for the t occasion. The proceeds will be devoted to 1 the purchase of books for the Sunday 1 school library. Tickets may be obtained 1 from Mr R. Gee, bookseller. AT the City Park on Thursday evening c next the Orpheus Orchestral Society will give the first open air concert of the season, under the conductorship of Herr Siebert, who has arranged an excellent programme for the occasion. OwING to the prevalence of measles t (writes our Cressy correspondent yester- c day) it has been found necessary to post pJne the anniversary in connection with the Wesleyan Church Sunday school, which 1 was originally fixed for Sunday next, till about the middle of January. A LARGE attendance is expected at Miss I Frost's pupils' concert on Monday evening, as the pupils have been very successful in t the disposal of tickets. An excellent pro gramme has been arranged. Tickets and t programmes can bea obtained at Messrs A. t W. Birehall and Sons, Mayhead's, or from the pupils. A coPy of the "Philatelists' Almanack for 1894" (published by J. W. Palmer, 281 Strand, W.C.) is sent for review. The almaunack, which is now in its third year of publication, takes note of events interesting to stamp collectors that have happened in the course of the year, and the calendar is arranged with special regard to all such events. A list of " suspected" stamps is given, with the text of the (Palmer's) clause of the Post-office Protection Act, 1884, which was inserted in the act at the instance of Mr J. W. Palmer for the pro tection of stamp collectors (and the inland revenue)from losses sustained by the circu. lation of " forged" stamps. As a practical illustration of the extent to which rare stamps are counterfeited the almanack gives a description of the room at 281 Strand, papered exclusively with such specimens-including a number of the famous Battleboro', sold not long ago for £250. This unique exhibition is open free to the public. IN another column Mr R. S. Scott ex. plains why he does not appear as a candi date for municipal honours. He states that he has been informed that the citizens who honoured him with a request that he should consent to be nominated have indicated surprise that he has not yielded to their desire. He returns thanks for the honour which the deputation wished to confer upon him,and states that owing to the claims of private business-and know i ing something of the very great depression which exists at the present time amongst us-he does not feel that he would be justified in being the means of causing a contested election. Should he, however, on some future occasion enjoy the citizen's confidence he hopes to be in a position to serve them. THE Commandant will hold an inspection l parade of the Artillery and Rifles on Mon day evening next, when the whole strength Sof the Launcestun garrison is expected to be on parade. This will be the last inspec Stion ot the year, and the attention of those men who have not yet put in the necessary r number of drills is called particularly to this order. E'I'HE was a feeling of disappointment in Westbury yesterday owing to the fact that the hen. Thoe. Reibey did not address the electors. It appears that a little misunderstanding existed as to the date of the opening address of the hen. gentleman. Sevrceral of the prominent ele tore state that he had promised to speak Syesterday at Westbury, and the informa tion was forwvarded to the press; but as Mr Reibey had not directly announced Shis intention of speaking there was natu rally a little doubt on the subject. Mr Burke received a telegram from Mr Reibey yesterday stating that the date of his first meeting had been wrongly notified, and that he would not address the electors till Friday next. The telegram was received by Mr Burke during the proceedings at the Court of Requests. The programme of the h movements of Mr Reibey appears in another column. A VarY pleasant social was held in the 1 Wesleyan Church last Monday evening (writes our Beaconsfield correspondent), e when there was a good attendance. After some music, a good supper was provided, and seemingly enjoyed by those present. Merdames Langton, King, Walduck, and SMiss Walduck deserve great praise for the e way in which they workcd in connection P with the social, as the principal share fell on them, and they performed their task in a way that made the evening a complete success. \- To ?oRnoW afternoon the Koonya will make an excursion to Rosevear's, leaving ' the wharfat half-past two, returning to town by six o'clock. This vessel has n just undergone a thorough overhaul, and will no doubt be largely patronised. S Ts?eas in general, notwithstanding the 1 near approach of Christmas, are (writes t our Turner's Marah correspondent on Wed , nesday) very dull. Our local blacksmith is even on the look out for a more con Sgenial spot through lack of businese.-I Snotice that the members of our local road Strust have been very busy this last week inspecting the bad and defective parts of t our roads, which they intend having re- d medied at once.-The new Anglican Church C at Bangor is almost completed. The li opening ceremonies, I am sure, will a be hailed with delight, but when this will c take place, I am unable to say. I amp credibly informed, however, that several p of the clergy will be present, and that a n choir has been formed numbering some 20 u voices, which are being trained by Mrs p Jas. Atherton. SonE very fine samples of the Stratagem si pea were left at this office yesterday, which c, deserve more than passing notice. They a were groan by Mr C. J. Orbell, of this a city, from seed obtained from Messrs J. M'Lennan and Sons, of Brisbane-street, and a do credit to both. The pods are large and H exceedingly well filled for co early in the T season, and are quite equal to any we have s, yet seen. fc FAnarEas in this district (writes our g Duck Biver correspondent on Wednes- c dayj are highly pleased with the pre- I sent prospects of their crops, as v they fancy from appearances that i they can safely prognosticate a satisfactory t yield of the proverbial root crop-potates. t Taisgladdenstheir hearts, and consequently t a smile as beaming as that of a new "as- o pirant for Periiamentary honour"' some times steals across their faces. Another E cause of rejoicing is the opening of the o Stanley Butter Factory, as tarmers have a tl chanceto get a little ready cash,which lately y with most tillers of the soil hasbeen almost a a minus quantity.-Mr Masters, Inspector ea of State schools, has visited this district p for annual examination, and between 40 tl and 50 children greeted his appearance, E which number, considering the smallness h of this district, evidences that the parents ii of this locality are anxious to avail them- r selves of educational advantages for their t progeny. I BETWEEN nine and ten o'cock recently d two frail figures in white raiment suddenly t appeared in the public highway, opposite v the principal entrance gates leading to t Hampton Court Palace (writes the Pall I Mall Budget), and darted off at almost t lightning speed along the r;ad in the t direction of Hampton Green. They were b observed by a couple of Teddington dealers C driving in the same direction, and so p positive were they that the figures had h dropped from the walls surrounding the n palace, and were in some way connected o with the family of ghosts now inhabiting o the court, that they immediately gave chase, shouting loudly for help as they o drove furiously after the fugitive spectres. 1 Their cries induced others to join in the I hunt, and wild shouts of "The ghosts! the o ghosts !" rang out in the clear night r air as the pack, some driving and some on C foot, took up the running. Upon this c occasion the " ghosts" did not escape into v thin air, as is their wont, but allowed their t pursuers, who were aided by the light of the moon, to catch sight of them from time to time as they proceeded at racing speed r along the highway through the village of i Hampton, and thence towards Fulwell t railway station, where they suddenly i stopped dead and turned upon the excited and breathless crowd now at their heels. l Then it was discovered for the first time that the two mysterious figures in scanty white raiment were but a couple of inno cent youths connected with a local pack of harriers, who were out for an evening's run between Kiogston and Isleworth. A VIOLENT explosion occurred in a third class carriage, full of native passengers, in a train on the loop line of the E.I. rail way, near the Bariarpore station on Sunday, October 15 (says a Calcutta journal). It would appear that one of the passengers was attempting to smuggle a lot of fireworks, among them a lot of bombs. One of the party, apparently not knowing the explo sive nature of his ntighbour's luggage, 1 lighted his chillum, and proceeded to smoke his hooka in the .ompartment. It is sup posed that a spark from the fire acciden tally fell on the fireworks, causing a terrific explosion, which has severely injured 15 passengers, three of whom are not expected to live; while six others were slightly burnt. The explosion caused a tremendous panic among the passengers, who rushed out of the train in great fright as soon as it came to a halt. The sight of the maimed and wounded on the Jamalpore platform when they were got out was pitiful, and their groans heartrending. SOME interesting experiments have been recently made In Germany to ascertain if rifle bullets can carry infection. I: has long been known that in war gunshot wounds very frequently induce symptoms of acute tetanus or lockjaw, which nearly always end fatally. Messner's investiga tions, show that if rifle bullets are pur posely brought in contact with micro organisms and then discharged in the 1 usual way, they carry the microbes with them into whatever material they subse 2 quently penetrate ; the microbes, moreover, D suffer no damage and grow as abundantly as ever (says an Indian journal). If e ordinary uninfected bullets were fired V through flannel which had been previously infected with germs, they carried the latter with them. It is easy, therefore, to un Sderstand how gunshot wounds may cause 3 lockjaw and other diseases. The tetanus Sorganism is widely distributed in the earth, and the bullet, either by first striking the latter and thouen wounding, or by simply penetrating the soiled uniform of the \- soldier, can thus readily become the carrier of infection. THERE is every probability that the accumulations of frozen meat in Victoria i (says the Argus) will now be rapidly reduced and shipped direct to the Lo don Smarkets. The steamer Waikato aas to V arrive from New Zealand on Thursday, t and will be loaded by Messrs Turnbull, Hoteon, and Co., of the Newport Freezing I Works, with 15,000 carcases of frozen Smutton. The Waikato will be followed by e the Hornby Grange, which should arrive e here about the middle of next week. She r will also leave for London freighted with 15,000 carcases. Both vessels willtake in e their cargoes at the railway pier,W illiams e town. A oaATIFYINc improvement has shown r itself in the revenue of Victoria (says the i, Age) during the present month, and the t. feeling is entertained in Ministerial circles I that the colony is on the turn of the tide e in its financial condition. For the first a three weeks of November the revenue from ii all sources, including the railways, is some a £18,000 in excess of the receipts for the e corresponding period of last year. It is anticipated that at the end of the month 11 the Treasurer will be able to congratulate g the colony on an increase of £24,000 or S£25,000 on November, 1892. S DURING the recent axemen's carnival at d Latrobe one of the events thet attracted a good deal of attention on the part of e visitors was the excellent pyrotechnic 5 display made at the conclusion of the band 1- concert in Wright's paddock. Great credit h is due to Mr E. Phillips for the festooning 1- with Chinese lanterns, general illumina I tions, and management of the band con d cert, which was quite a success, and also to k Mr Cox, member of the band, for the novel transparencies made by him. All were delighted with the whole affair. The Crystal Palace (prismatic) and magnesium lights were much admired. The royal salute of 40 maroons, cannonr, and crackers, discharges of coloured fires and pyrotechnic mines, caused a sensation. The signal aerial maroon, 4-in bombshells with coloured stars, fired from a steel mortar, flight of a d zam r.ckets, fiery pigeons starting from a clump of trees and travelling 50 yards and returning to same, batteries of 12 cloured Roman candles, fired sun, rainbow wheels, were all worthy of particular mention and much admired. The French mail steamer Tanais arrived at Sydney on Monday last from New Hebrides and Noumen. She called at Port Vila. in the New Hebrides, and to,k in several passengers and a quantity of cargo for Sydoey. Matters were quit in the group. The French cruiser Scorff was cruising in the New Hebrides. She left Noumea on the 22nd ult. The F, ench warships Thetis, Durana, and Loyalty were in pore at Noumea when the Tanais left on the 22nd ult. The Tanai4 brought al together 103 passengers, amongst them being General du Pan, a French mililary officer. WHILE the application made by Mr Harry Bowen for a transfer of the license of the York Hotel as unuder discussion at the Launceston Licensing Bench meeting yesterday, Mr Robert Carter said that the applicant had the misfortune of being caught with his hotel open after 1130 p to., but for all that he was not worse than many other hotelkeepers in the city. He believed business was done in several houses after hours nearly every night, and in fact, according to reports which had reached him, the state of things in regard to this matter was as bad now as when the hour of closing was 10 p.m. Superinten dent Coulter remarked that he did not think it was judicious to believe all that was reprted, and he denied the truth of those referred to by Mr Carter. The latter, however, stated that he had no doubt about the truth of the reports, and he was sure that other members of the bench could bear him out. "If the police," added Mr Carter. "showed thi same energy in putting dowa trading after hours as they had done with regard to totalisators he had no doubt that they would put a stop to the one as effectively as they had done the other." THE steamer Chingtu arrived at Sydney on Sunday last from Hong Kong. Just before she left news was received from Manila that a volcanic eruptiona had occurred in the Philippines. A report with reference to the affair, dated Albay, October 5, says:-" About half-past seven o'clock this evening the crater of Mayon was seen to be enveloped in flames Sminc three o'clock lara and ashes have been pouring out without intermission from a new outlet to the north of the old one, and not so near the summit. Smoke is also icsuing from the old crater. The erup-. tions reach their greatest height inclining in a south-south-westerly direction." A report was circulated in shipping circles at Hong Kong recently that the bark William Le Lecheur, of Melbourne, Captain Rey nell, had come to grief in a typhoon. Inquiries made by the agents, however, showed that the bark was loading timber at Calagua in the Philippines. A FEATURE of the rifle match meeting which has just closed in Victoria (says the Age) was that it was fired throughout with ammunition made at the Colonial Ammu nition Company's factory, near Footscray. So many obstacles have been met with in the manufacture of Martini ammunition here that it is highly gratifying to find the cartridges at last exclusively used for the most important rifle contest of the Aus tralian year. Certain inequalities have shown themselvea in the firing, but, con sidering the manner in which the opera tions of the factory have been interrupted by disputes, it is surprising that the am munition is so good. Enquiries among the competitors elicited very few com r plaints, and the general verdict was a that of satisfaction. The winner of the 1 Queen's prize, for example, states that he found the ammunition serve him excel I lently right through the meeting. He 1 does not think that the psowder charge is I all that might be desired, owing possibly to some slight defect in the filling of par 1 ticular cases, but in every other respect f the cartridges were well made, and his a opinion of them all round is that the ammunition is splendid. Mr Monaborough s speaks with special commendation of the i bullets, and as one who has done a great deal of shooting, declares that he never fired better made bullets than those of the colonial ammunition. It is worth noting in connection with the development of a a local industry that the bullets are entirely a local product, the lead being smelted in , the colonies from local ores and converted y into bullets at Footscray, Other compoeti f tore among the crack shots also express 1 their satisfaction with the colonial ammu V nition. r THe e. Coogee will make a pleasure excursion to Beaconsfield and out to sea on Bexing Day. SThe Oity Band has been engagod for the Soccasion. PoLLING plazes and other arrangeoments for the aunual election of councillors for the Ross r municipality on Thursday, 7th inst., are notified Sin our advertising columns. ST. JOSEPH'S BAND will give another of their enjoyable sacred coscerts in the City Park to morrow evening, under the conductorship of Bandmaster Harrison. A colleotlon will be made at the gates. V At the next meeting of the St. Patrick's 1 Branch of the Hibernlac A.O.B. Soolety,which a will be held on Wednesday next, the president, the Rev. John O'MIahony, will deliver the inaugural addroes. 