A POLITICAL AUCTION. [By Lounger.] No one need go short of amusement who has time to attend an auction sale. It is an event worthy of tbe frequent attention nf a nKili-iortribar Aft A fitildv m human nature I can recommend it to parsons as not being surpassed by the staple or the race meeting. It represents the strongest and dearest paeeion in life, tho love of making a bargain. Rightly directed there ia a sufficient flow of magneti-m in a well-attended auction room to chase away half the ilia to waioh fleah is heir. Never does the war wage so hotly between desire and capacity as when covetous man and keen-eyed woman compete for great possessions withsmall means. Deeper mysteries than Steens create surround the rostrum. How it ia that the bids ot the uninitiated member of the public aie warmly attacked, so that when an article is knocked down to him the charm of extreme cheapness has been dis tilled, is as much past finding out as where the seedy-looking individuals discover the money to pay for many lines they aeoure, or a3 how it comes about that goods sold are left to be offered again and again. I have just been attending a political auction, where a job lot of billets were put up for sale. There is no reason why tbe Queen's uniforms should not be disposed of under the hammer when the Queen's justice has been thus treated. A law Buit has been offered to the highest bidder under an order of tho Supreme Court and bought. Can the judicial mind sanction the one and reprobate the other? I was attraoted to the sale by the subjoined advertisement : — TOMORROW, (Thuksdat), Jone 8, AT NOON, at HIS WELL-KNOWN CLTJBROOM. Under Instuuotions fbom the Rkpbesenta tive3 of the people AND On Accodnt of the Liberal Pabty— MINISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS, At Pbebent in the Possession of a Stop Gap Government. Premiership.— The distinction of the hardest worked, most-worried, and best-abused man in South Australia. Treasurer.— The privilege of making up a detioit of £ L00, 000 without extra taxation er retrenchment. Chief Secretary — The ornamental Chief Conatable in cbarge of a terror-stricken Civil Service, big in the head and attenu ated in the body. Commissioner of Public Works — The pleasure of finding work for everybody, money no object, and of being henpecked by the said everybody. Attorney-General— The Minister of Justice to out down 'the big wigs,' being first blindfolded by the prejudices of his pro fession, so as to avoid hurting it. Minister of Education— Te oantrol the Knight of the Postage Stamp aud teaoh the Principal Pedagogue 'how many beans make five.' DEMOS has been favoured with the opportunity of selling the above to the HIGHEST BIDDER, subject to a moderate reserve. The scene of the sale was a large and pleasant olubroom upstairs at the Selborne. It was carpeted, pictured, and furnished to give much comfort, and was known as thu Caucus Chamber. Here it was intended to daily discuss and determine the destinies of the colony. It was understood that there would be five competitors for the lines which were to be put up in one lot, but the five were divided into two classes. The first was represented by the gentlemen who were tenants - at - will of the appointments, and the second by four other parties of gangsmen who intensely desired to dispossess them. It was also reported that those four parties had agreed at all cost to prevent the present holders of office from continuing to be such, it buing Btated that three of those parties were willing to help in the division-list, though not necessarily to any further extent if the fourtn's bid secured the appointments. Demoa was represented in the rostrum by a quiet, shrewd little Sootchman, who remarked that the attractions of office were too well ap preciated by the legislators before him to re quire any words of his to commend them. His business was to receive bids. They must be distinct and definite ; no word jugglery or pie crust promises would be accepted. How muoh for the appointments ? The Knight of the Rueful Countenance looked upon the face of the Visionary, who was gazing upon the sardonio smile of The Giant and the sphinx countenance of The Pleader, but none spoke. 'Well, gentlemen,' said the auctioneer, 'I must start the bidding myself. Who will give ' work for the unemployed' for a handle to his name?' ' I will' came as the voice of one who had been crying in the wilderness for a long time without getting a Premier to back him before. The Knight endorsed the bid as from a capable member of his party. ' So far good. But who will give us a free breakfast table?' asked tht- Auctioneer. ' Finances permitting, I will,' came from several quarters. The bidding then assumed an appearance of briskness. 'I'll give a utilization tax,' Bhouted the Pleader for himself and the Leader of the Opposition, who was still suffering from the effects of his accident. ' Mine ib the flag I nailed to the mast three years ago,' spiritedly broke in the Physician, adding, 'Mine is the genuine original flag; the utilization tax is a spurious imitation.' ' I am prepared to offer Compulsory Concili ation, a good paper measure.' The voice was husky and the tone uncertain. 'My highest bid is a labour of love — to take off my coat, and carry brioks for the Labour party.' It was the oharming persuasiveness of the Popular Idol. 'I'll divide the spoil with Demos,' was a ventriloquial effort, for the owner could not be found. 'Demos,' interrupted the Knight, with determination in his eye and perspiration on his brow, ' If I had my way I would not bid, but stimulated by my friends I have recog nised the exigencies of tho hour. I am ready to make my beat bid an exhibition of patriotism. ('Oh,' and ironical laughter.) To secure rest and quiet — [Ben's Ghost — Peace, progress, and plenty] — I will give you all that publio opinion will accord you as fair and reasonable. In addition, I may be possibly induced to double the land tax, with exceptions, further increase the income tax, and retrench tbe salaries of big men in the Civil Service.' ' The Auctioneer — And take off the duties on the necessaries of life ? The Knight— Yes, after we have made ends meet, and have a surplus. ('Thank you for nothing.') Tbe daring announcement took away the breath of all present for a few seconds ; then the four other competitors ejaculated ' Magni ficent — for a suicide.' Demos announced that the Knight had made a splendid bid, the best of all. It was courageous J;o desperation, disinterested, and made the position to the other side aa difficult as when the Government Whip refused office. He was not sure it had not reached the reserve, but the caucus would consider tho matter. 