Ik Hem$t*r, Adelaide : Mokday, Nov. 6, 1893. COMMUNAL SETTLEMENT. The newest movement in this new country of Australia is that in favour of communal settlement on the land. New South Wales has passed an Act with a view to regulating and encouraging it. This colony has under consideration a similar enactment. Pilgrims from Aus tralia have gone off to Paraguay in order to try tho experiment in another con tinent, where ?' distance lends enchant ment to the view ;' and the latest proposal of all is that some trial on similar 'lines to tho.se of New Australia should be made in what must be called for the sake of distinction Old Australia. Meetings with a view to the discussion of such a project havo been held in Adelaide recently, notably one on Friday night and one last night, and more or less specific schemes have been brought forward by Mr. Heritage and Mr. Wilton Hack. It cannot fairly be doubted that, if a communistic settlement be possiblo under any conditions at all, it has its best prospects of Huccess in a land where the aetders will remain under the climatic conditions to which they have been accustomed, and will not have to incur the expenses and risks of travel ; where they are perfectly acquainted with the lan guage spoken by the people in general ; where the monetary system and other commercial facts affecang materially the disposal of their produce are well known to them ; and where they can hope to retain some voice in the politics of their country. Without doubc there are in every quarter of the world many enthusiasts with really noble ideals of life and duty whose minds are constantly reverting to the belief that no man will ever be able fully to attain to the condition of loving his neighbour as himself until some system of communal property has been established. At one time it was the fashion to sneer at all such theorists as persons who merely wanted to promote a general scramble in order that they might seize upon something for them selves. This notion was summed up by the epigrammatist who described every Socialist or Communist in this fashion : — Idler or bungler, or both, he is willing To fork out his penny and pocket your shilling. The writer, no doubt, thought he had settled the matter : but no good results are ever arrived at by approaching a sub ject in thia spirit. Ic should be under stood on both sides that there are per fectly honest and sincere Socialists who believe that their system is the best in the interests of mankind, just as there are equally honest and sincere individualists who hold to their tenets with a similar assurance. Communal land settlements are perhaps the earliest sociological facts of which historians have any knowledge in the progress of the Anglo-Saxon race. Verily there ia nothing new under the sun. It has been only by a system of laborious investigation of old charters and usages that the most learned German con stitutional historians, such as G. L. von Maurer, have been enabled to reproduce for the instruction of the modern world an account of the communal land tenure of our Anglo-Saxon ancestors. They have shown clearly, however, that among these men all land was held in common, the three classes into whioh it was divided being the arable land, the hay pastures, and the commonage. Each year every villager was apportioned his due shaie of the arable land, all the allotments being, in the earliest settle ments, exactly ot equal area. Meadow land was held in common each season until the grass began to grow, after which the cattle were driven out and movable hurdle fences were erected by each man to define the boundaries of his fodder area. When the hay was grown and stacked the fences were removed and the cattle grazed promiscuously once more. But on the common, which sur rounded the village, no distinctions even of a temporary nature were ever drawn. It may be noted, in passing, that some interesting remnants of this last feature of the system are still to be found in Switzerland and Scandinavia. So far as the arable land was concerned the principle of fallowing was rigidly adhered to, and each year for four or five years in succession the village community would shift to a different portion of the agricul tural area over which it had control. The change from this primitive condi tion of things came about very naturally and very gradually. Professor Stubbs remarks in his ' Constitutional History of England' : — ' The partnership in tenure of arable land could continue only so long as all men farmed equally well ; as soon as the husbandman succeeded in keeping his annual plot better than his neighbour he might fairly insist that a longer pos session was therefore due to him. ' The im provement in agriculture was, in fact, the real cause of the gradual abandonment of the 'mark' or 'alod' system. It is, however, important to note that the communism here described was merely territorial. It did not extend to the establishment of a common fund into which all the produce or earnings of tho settlers could be thrown in order that it might be drawn upon in equal propor-. tions as each man had need of it. If we wish to observe tho continuous existence of any plan of this kind we must trace back tho course of the development of man to the times when hunting was the sole occupation of the tribe, and the fruits of the chaeo were always shared in common. There is, indeed, no historical record of any suc cessful complete application of the wealth-communal principle sines man first emerged from the condition of a hunter into that of a tiller of the soil, and tho ideas of improving the land, of using implements, and of sloring up supplies for future needs first occurred to him. There cannot be t]\? slightest doubt that the communal possession of certain classes of property cipablo of being utilized for common purposes will in the future be rendered morj feasible through tilo advancement; of educJ*tiuu and the growth of a public spirit among men. In an irrigation seitlenent it is usual to establish a communal tenure ot the waterworks, and although the disagreements which occasionally take place have the effect, at times, of strain ing the communal sentiment almost to the breaking point, it may fairly be said that water tenuro has been brought within the limit of a practical application of tho system. It is conceivable also that a settlement with communal land tenure might prove practicable if only the very best and most liberal-minded men were included as colonists. It must, however, be admitted that the vast differences which modern methods havo occasioned in the effectiveness of tho work of a clever man and of a dunce make it almost certain that tho former would soon demand to havo his land, or at the very least his im provements, converted into a possession in fee- simple. So far as tho communal tonure of wealth in general is concerned there is scarcely the ghost of a chance of its being successful, and if those who met on Friday night persist in making this the essential feature of their scheme it is to be feared they are doomed to dis appointment. 