THE NOVELIST. f , _ - " - ?.*-_.-.---^---r The ¡Story of Andrew Fairfax^ BY JOSEPH HOCKING, ; Author of "Elrad tho Hie," "Jabez Easterbrook/? "Zillah," &c.; CHAPTER Vi-(CONTINUED.) "Well, you're come," he said 1 Andrew. "Yes, I've come." " And not thought hotter of it, eh ? didn't expect to see yon again. Why ye can see now the value of the literary pr< . feseion. It isn't worth a straw, I tell yoi nota straw. Um!" " I hope it may be worth a great dealt me," said Andrew. \ " I hope so-yes, I hope so. But do yo know, young man, that in the whole c London, among the hundreds of newt papers that are published there's not moi . than about a score that pay anythin worth mentioning ? And do you know, toe that it's nearly impossible for any one t get on the staff of those few?" ' " They must be written ? for," said Ar drew, " and in time-" " There, there, it's just like me to seek t discourage you. Young fellow, I'm ver ^foolish, very. As a rule I take notice c nobody but myself, and I'm not worth tai ing notice of. But when I saw you I like you. Why, I don't know, but I did. 0 ? course I did not know what you were u to, but I thought you must be wantin] employment. Well, it seems you couldn' get any, and so I thought 1 might bel] you. Help you-bah I Still, you must d something. This paper of mine isn't wort] -um-well, never mind, but it isn't wort) much." «Í Might I ask its circulation ?" "Circulation! Young man, know tba that is an editor's secret. Never let anyon< know the circulation of a paper, unless i is enormously large ; always Bay it is tb< most widely-circulated paper in the dis ? trict, therefore best medium for advertise ments, &c.;" ? " I see," said Andrew, smiling. . " Ah, um, I'm glad you eee.^ Well, now look here, I shall do you no good, anc you'll do me no good, that's certain ;' bui there, do you care to help in . a starvatior business like this?" ".Yes," replied Andrew. . Badly as he wanted-to do something, il required an effort for him to 'give thif answer. He had always thought of ar . editor as a gentleman, refined, thoughtful Awhile here was this little man the ver} opposite of his conception. . " Are you fond of reading ?" 1 ' " Very." "Novels?" " - - << Good ones," " Can you read French--German ?" "Yes." ; «' Could you translate a book from eithe] of those languages ?" " I daresay." - ' . ' "Um." Andrew looked at the little man, won dering what was coming next. " Do you think you could write a review of a book ?" "A review-why P" . . , " I have books-of a sort-sent me for review. I generally have them slashed up ' in style.'' ? ' , " Do you review them yourself ?" asked Andrew, thinking of the : worth of his opinion. ...;.?.*..-.-.??-;.(.?: "No, I don't; but the fellow who is doing that work leaves me next week--and good riddance, too. *. I,could make it half a-orown a week more if you could take on 'that kind of thing." / "I'm afraid I couldn't," said Andrew. \- "Afraid-why?" ? " I'm afraid my literary judgment is not sufficiently matured. I-I- - " " Literary judgment be hanged ! You know whether you like a book or not. If you do, say so, and say it's the novel of the year ; and if you don't, why, say it's wast« of time to read it. Use strong adjectives, ' and put them on thiok. That's what people like in reviews." \ "Indeed?" "Yes. Nobody cares about reading the analysis of a book : they want strong opinions.' Adjectives very, thick." "I should like it of all things, but-" ; " Well, we'll Bee. . Now there's some thing else. You want to write stories?" "Very muoh. I should like to write a real novel, one that's worth . " ."You couldn't doit-yet. But if ever you do, you won't get it read. Books worth reading don't get a sale. The world of novel readers like dash, move ment, excitement. I know that to read or write them is a waste of time j but that's what novel readers want. Go to any of Smith's bookstalls and ask the clerk the kind of novel they can sell, and they'll tell you what I've just told you." " But there's another class of readers than railway novel readers/' " Yes, two"-and the . little man puckered his forehead as he continued " There's, the so-called philosophical novel, whioh is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are as great humbugs as the books they read. Then there's a class of novel almost unknown to you, but which has a larger sale than most of. the well known literature." "Indeed! What?" " The penny novelette. Stories for the young. Books for boys, full of revenge, murder, ghosts, and all tbat kind of thing. They sell by tens of thousands." " Indeed!" " Yes. Would you care to try and write for these people-bah 1 But I am sure you won't." " What will they pay?" " I don't know. I'll take you to an editor if you like. I know you'll be dis gusted, bah 1 of course you will, but I can't do any more for you." Indeed,'Mr. Finns was doing a great deal. Evidently he was troubling a groot deal as to how he could help Andrew, and only .real' liking would have oaused him to do it. "You are very kind," said Andrew, " very kind. I know I'm not fit for very much, and j ou are doing me real service." '* Humbug," said Mr. Pinns gruffly. "There, there, let's go and see one of these editors. Editors, bah ! " ' As they left the office of the Soiio TIMES they met a gaunt, badly-dressed man about 50 years of. age, who greeted Mr. Pinns familiarly, but to whom that gentleman was very dignified and very distant. " Here are those books., I've reviewed them," said the man confidently. <. " Could you settle up now P" "Very well, Williams," said Mr. Pinns loftily ; " give them to one of the clerks." " I'm off next Wednesday." "Very well, Williams, it--ib is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening."1 , " I'd prefer the money now, if you don't object," said' Williams j " and, besides, you know there are those--" , ?V;.Ï/M Iteally,« Williams,'' said -Mr. Pinns, .with'great dignity, " I can't attend to such little matters now. I have business with this gentleman. I'll write you a cheque when I've time." V«« A cheque, eh ?" said Williams ; " why, whatever--" .' ,.;.;'.«« I hope you'll do well on the WEDNES DAY MOON, Williams. ' I've done my best for you. Good-day, Williams, good-day." ; Andrew looked at Mr. Pinns in astonish ment. He had bécome dignified all of a Budden. The little man seemed to swell with importance, too, and looked as though all the neighboraood belonged to him. " One is obliged to keep feúca fellows in their place," said Mr.- Pinns; and then, turning confidently to the young man, he said, " Williams has been our reviewer." " What," said Andrew, 'I is public opinion to be influenced by such as he ?" Mr. Pinns became silent, and thus im portant. From that time Mr, Pinns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the SOHO TIMES, and while he remained, on it the little man magnified his office. He never spoke slightingly of literature ; he was never familiar. Mr. : Pinns oarried two sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free--this for bis frends j the other, im portant and reserved-for his subordi nates. The two walked together along Fleet street, and, after awhile, turned up one of the narro w alleys, which led into a network of others, and here Andrew was first intro duced to a phase of life of which he waB ignorant, and to a literature of whioh he had hot dreamed. 