Was It a Ghost They Saw? 3fvs. il. H. Jeiiwinga lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot Ixmrds with'her. . The house is an old one, hut iu good older. One night earlv in December (1891) the two women locked ail the doors and went to the theatre,, leaving not a soul in the house. Tlicy left the gas burning, however, in the front' parlour. At about half-past thev returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. "But as they went into the parlour the merry huraonr died out of them • in a *enoud. Itiglit iu the middle of the room stood a (Lirk m:ut of gigantic stature. The upper part of his" face was concealed by a mask, his ores gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His ritirfc sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand lie earned a long, old-fashioned pistol. The j womvri lied screaming from the room, and ' when Mr. Jennings came iu five minutes later, : he found no one in the parlour and nil the doors and windows securely locked. "What was it the women saw ? 4* During a recent .period of ill health," writes ;m American friend, 4<I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by ichal termed like the tilling tf my name; and at the foot of the bed stood* the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on u journey, on which journey she was kilhsl in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a Munitions and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that- vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. "Why, there's . uo cud to the trick* the nerves will play off on you whi ii your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracot4 road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows: " I ica* to dreadfully nerxom I conld not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did | not wish them far away in enso I should call j out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept ! very badly, and in the morning felt little tne better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eves, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in'bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing hut liquid food, and could not retain even that on my otomncli. Br this time I was nothing but skin and bone. ZTy memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lo.-e my senses, and my friends agreed that I wonld never get better. 11 I had given up all hope, when one day Mr?. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the i room, and by the end of the week I went down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all xny nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and" thus fed and toned the nerves. "Whatever may be your opiuion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny virions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and' when Mother Seigel's Syrnp does its work tho eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 