? MB. GH.LIES prefers to be a gent generally in Melbourne. Yet he may never have another opportunity of beingenrolled amongst the Queen's gillies. THE Age speaks of "the patriots (Irish) who draw their salaries from the servant girls of Australia and America." One would think the writer was referring to the police. AMONG the sexagenarians to be " retired " are live bailiffs of the Crown Lands Department. There are scores of honest wood-cutters in the couutry who will not be sorry for ihem. THE Standard pretends to have discovered a ghost which haunts the Treasury Buildings. This, we presume, is merely a well- intentioned effort to' assure doubting Civil Servants that the ghost still walks. THE conductof the Hindmarsh (S.A.) councillors is perfectly excusable. They refuse to sit with their mayor, because he got intoxicated on one occasion. It is a necessary qualification in a mayor that lie should not show his liquor. JONES (nf tlm A.N.A.).—" Now that Peacock, a true Australian Native, has been made president of tlie association, what do you think our emblem should he?" Smith (not of the A.N.A.).—"A laughing jackass." THE Church of England Woman's Temperance Union denounces baby shows as immoral, and calculated to lower the tone of the community. This is peculiar; our experience teaches us that there is nothing low-toned about a baby. SOUTH MELBOURNE DOCTOR (to patient who has ventured to offer sonic suggestions with regard to the treatment of his own case).—" Might I ask you, sir, is this funeral yours or mine?" Patient (with gloomy resignation).—" Mine, I'm afraid." ANOTHER illusion shattered. Ed ward Reece and Frauk Knightly, bookmakers, were robbed while they were asleep in a Kyneton hotel the other night. And we thought that bookmakers were always too wide awake to lose money in any fashion. However, we suppose—Nemesis. A I'RovosmoN that "the sale of intoxicating liquor in Parliament refreshment rooms was unnecessary and should be discontinued" was discussed at great length in the S.S.W. Legislative Assembly last week. The wording of this motion is a trifle ambiguous. Notice, it says, that the sale of the drink is unnecessary, not that the drink is. Evidently Sydney M.P.'s want free drinks. I'Voii Wellington (N.Z.) conies cheerful intelligence of a woman 70 years of age arrested for drunkenness, and proving to be tlie sole support of her father and mother, aged OS and 90 respectively. If this news came from America we would pass it as a cheerful and well-meant perjury, hut coming from Wellington we can accept it without a murmur. People do live to a great ago in Wellington—they have nothing else to do. A WOMAN, since dead, tried to commit suicide in the Collingwood watch-house last week by swallowing her corset busk. Probably in doing so she recognised in some dim way that tight-lacing was the original trouble which drove her, as it has driven many another woman, to drink. She died of alcoholic poisoning. A JURYMAN suffering from the same complaint as the interesting Mr. Southern made his appearance at the Sydney Supreme Court last week in a blissful statfi of mental blankness. He didn't know anything, not even the name of the court in which he was standing at the moment. This is, we take it, the ideal state of mind for a juryman While. iu this condition he can come to the consideration of a case absolutely without prejudice, because if he had any preconceived opinions about it he has forgotten them. The presiding judge on the occasion, however, did not Beem to be struck with this view of the matter ; at any rate, ho sent the juror home to hunt for his memory. We begin to think that Southernism is contagious. Lots of people have been touched with it more or less lately. The other day a man was discovered going on board an outward- bound steamer with a portmanteau in his hand. It was his wife, iu company with a detective, who discovered him. "Where do you think you a,rc going, John ?" she said. Her husband looked at her with a glazed eye for a moment and then replied, " Blest if I know, M'ria. I thought I was going home. Must have mistaken the steamer for a tram. Touch ot aphasia, 1 suppose." Then turning to the detective ho added, confidentially, "This aphasia's a terrible thing." "It won't trouble you any more, John," remarked his wife, drily ; " the police have got your photograph and .if youget loU (this with sarcastic emphasis) they'll always he able to find you." We are not sorry for John. There are too many aphasiacs of his kidney about. THE SEXAGENARIAN'S DREAM. IT was a dreadful dream. In all my years I never had a dream like unto it, So dire was it with haggard doubts and fears, And dreadful shapes that flit Up from Perdition's pit. I dreamt I saw a figure with a scythe- It was not Time, yet stern of face as he— Who smote around him with a fiercely hlythe Expression. I could see He had his eye on me. Head after head he shore off as he went, And then would only take a liuib ; Upon the aged most his wrath found vent, They seemed to madden him Uy living. Ah, 'twas grim Aud great the slaughter that he made! No mercy, none, the sour-faced figure had, No pleading soften'd him. He wiped his blade Upon a writing-pad, Then smote again like mad. And venerable Eld, with hair of grey, That in one place had been for many years. Ho shifted it. He sent it on its way, In spite of pray'rs aud tears. He sent it—on its ears. And yet the shape was of an old man, too: His face was of the-hne of yellow dolf. Hut, though the old men iu his path he slew, Vet slew lie not himself— He was a cunning elf. Then suddenly, lnethought, the man 1 knew; "l'was Patterson, the Premier, gaunt and grey. I woke up—and, alas! the dream was true ! 1 found myself that day " Retired" upon half-pay. IHturns to 1L greilt Parliament of all the religions of tl.e earth at the Chicago Exhibition. AU sorts of arrangements have been made for the accommodation of the visitors. But there is one convenience which seems to have been overlooked. , neither an infirmary nor a deadhouse attached to the hall in which the theological debates are to be carried on. This is a grave oversight. It is absurd—unless the managers of the exhibition have also arranged for a special miracle on the occasion-to suppose that all his tory and tradition will he contradicted in Chicago and so many conflicting sects meet and awne without bloodshed. 