Exx-crience. - Somo boys liko tho maiden with oauoy blue oyos, Or fancy tbo girl with gold hair ; Somo ohapo liko the laso of- diminutive, sizo, Or maid with a scholarly otaro ; , Some yoaths nro quito partial to tender young dears, Or beauties who weightily crash ; But men arc convinced thro' the knowledge of years Thoro's nought liko tbo gul'with the :oash. ' ' J ?????' IiEanr.T for tho good thing unlaid never equals after-mortification for tho supposed good thing that falls flat. She : ' Mioo Eodney alwayB looks well fo* ono who has oo littlo to dreoo on.' Ho: ?? Win nhn *e rnthnr fV.,'** ' Ellowly (consulting hiowatch) : ' Is your watoh going, Brownly?' Brownly (despon dently) : 44 Going ? It'fl gono/* ? 'Will you marry menthol?' said tho youth; 'my family io allthat ono oould wioh for ? ' 11 Then why do you want mo?' ? Hackman: MIa tho dootor- at homo?*' Bridget : 11 Yeo, oir; ho's out in tho baok yard killing a chicken.*' Qaokman : M Call him in, l'vo got bigger game.' Mrs, Abiiams: 'An' so your poor, tear husbant eea 'det. Vao ho reoignet?' Mro. loaaco ; 44 Yah, ho vao villingo to go. Ho oaiddoro vao no monoya in der oloding peesi* cess nowataye.' Mamju: 14 Mamie, you mustn't read tho paper in tho twilight. You'll hurt your eight.' Mamio: 44 1 just want to finish this articlo.' JIamma: 44Whatis it about 2' Mamio: 4*Tho care of tho oyes.' 'This ia where we oaot our cannon,' said buu puiiLu uuhcuuuub, ?? Jiu\y lumreunngx oaid tho oweet girl ; 41 and where do you blot* your great guno? I'vo heard a yachting friend of mine apeak of that so often.' 'What oan you do?' asked tho editor. 44 Well, I can't write, ond I can't edit, and I ain't got no literary judgment ; but if yer want amanthat'a all musolo to blame for writin* libolo, I'm the feller ? yer want— 0CG?' Servant (at oweet girl's boudoir): ' Mr. Nioefellow is in tho parlor, miss.' Sweet Girl (throwing down her novel) : 44 Horrors I And my hair io all down 1 Tell him he'll havo to wait a little, as I'm in- tho kitchen helping mother.' . Miss Rosedud: (| Oh, well, you must nofr blamo her ; Bho io ono of the period.' Bron oon:. 'Period !, Sho a girl of. the period' Sho doosn'fc know what a period iB. Why, oho nover otopo talking except with an ex« olamation point,' 44 And 13 that Liberty ?' asked tho immU grant, pointing to tho statuo ao the veBset entered tho harbor, 44 Yes,' oaid 6he sailor, 11 that is Liberty.' 4- Then give mo, death 1' oried tho immigrant, and ho jumped over* board. 'GEonaE,' sho'oaid, after oho. hadpromised to bo hio wifo, 11 pleaso don't announce o°g engagement until nost week.'' 41 Why cot, darling V' ho asked^ tondoriy. 44 Bcoci^o I m going to tho theatro with Henry on Friday mgnc.' 44 1 ixate hero, a otory, o sort of fiction, founded on fact,' caid tho young man, de murdy entering eho ponctum. 4-,Wo aro overstocked with ctorieu onch -oq ihat,' oboorved tho editor, ? backwoyo; 3«4what wo want aro otoneo of. fact, founded on fic tion.' « r__i ?Pncrnnn? «« FTnrn t mn w»„AtTT ? iUIlia T, J AUUU iiUW. tion Propose, Mioo PaBseo ?' Miss Paeseo : ' Yen, What nonsensical trash it is I So improbable J' Ronobn d : 'Improbable? Oh, no I Why, overy ono of tho hundred nnd forty.six proposals in that book 10 per fectly real.' c ELDEnLV Pamv (to small boy) ; ' Come, my littlo man, I guess you'll lot mo havo your t, S.ma11 'Gucgo 'gain.' Elderly Party : 'What! You won't givo it up ? Wouldn't you givo it up to yoar father ifhocamom?' Small Boy: 'You just bet your life I woald. I wouldn't rido with no ghost. 'Come, general,' said Miss Bosobud, ' toll uo tho otory of your achievements in tho field. I do oo lovo to hear you talk of ycureolf.' 'And my toward?' asked tha veteran. ' ' A kiss.' rotnrned Iho ' Woll,' ojaoulatod tho grcon-oyod oivilion' who waa calling, ' that is a caoo of giving a kioo for a blow.' In a recont grammar examination a oIbbb waa required to writo a aentonoo c n aining n noun in tho objective oaso. One of tho boya wroto tho following oontenoo : ' Tho cow doco not liko to bo lioked,' 'What noun io thoro in- tho objootivo oaso?' asked tho toaoher. 'Cow I' said the boy. ' Why io' cow 'in tho objective case?' ''BeoauBe tho cow objeoto to bo lioked.' Mng. Jones : 'My dear Mioo Smith, I do hopo yoa will oonsent to oing for ua— wo ohouldbasD delighted.' Mios Smith : ' Why, of oouroo I will. I'm in good- practice. X haven't tho least bit of a oold, ond I'vo brought my musio with mo. I will oing with the groatCDt of ploaouro.' Ura. Jonoo' (aside to Mra. Brown) : ' Well, if oho ain't tho queer est girl I ovor oaw 1 Jaot think of it.' : ' Now, oir, you hav3 stated under oath that thio mnn. had tho appear nnoo of n gentleman. Will yon bo good onough to toll tho Jury how a gentleman looko, in your estimation?' Witness: 'Well, or— a— gontloman looko— or— liko— or—' EarriBter: 'I don't want nny of your oro, oir; and romomber that' :yoa are on oath. Can yon seo anybody in this court room who looko liko a . gontlomnn 1' Wit neso (with ouddon asperity) : 'I can if you'll otand out of tho way, You'ro not trans, parent,'' F.in tho third timo littlo Tommy Figg had naked his fathor what was tho oaaso of the desert of Sahara. Finally, tho old man laid down his paper ond answored : ' I reokon it wao formod whon tha Israelites lost theic sand ; and if you don't quit asking me io many quostiono, I'll ceo that your mother puts you to bed beforo I got homo here after.' 'Bet, paw, how oan you oeo her put me to bed if eho puto mo to bed before you fa°a\\-f?«tbnvSvonX^03,,°n,7BB-70t9ID''« 