NORTH-EAST ESSEX. . t .We found ourselves at St. Osyth's, or, as tho inhabitants profer tp caU : ifc, 4 Toozoy,' and Btopped to bay tbex no oessary tudkets to 4 view the Priory.' These were to be had, at the modest sum of sixpence each, at the 'Rsd Lion,' where, as the guide- took points out, there is 4 a carved Hon oouohant over the swinging sign,' and a most de jected, dark red gentleman he is, evidently suffering from a bad attack of toothache, if one may judge from the attitude of his fore- paw and the severity of his countenance. We were soon waiting admission at the Priory gate, armed with a Lancaster camera, bat the lady of tho lodge seemed accustomed to such imprudenoe and pro hibited its further entrance, so we had to content ourselves with taking an ontBide view of the gateway, a very handsome late Norman structure of hewn stone and flint, according to the ever- present guide book. Ouoe inside, and having duly admired the house— an irregular-looking pile of buildings of various dates— we wandered through the old-fashioned gardens to the ohapel. This has been lately restored, and is used daily by the 'sisters' and others living at the home of rest), established by the present owner of the Priory. At every turn one is greeted by rema ins of old work, some Tadoresque, some thir teenth century, some Norman, aud some reputed to be Roman, We ascended the tower, and looked aorossfto the sea, wonder- ing, as ono will wonder, how many before us had watohed that same sea, had looked, ye rhaps, for coming friend or foreign fo8— for St. Osyth's has seen many troublous times from the day when its saintly founder was murdered by the invading Dane, till the time when it was plundered and ravaged by an 4 unruly mob of sohiematioa ' in the civil wars of the seventeenth oentury. Oi course there are dungeons belonging to the building— grnosome, noisome 03lls stretching along underground to the beach below ; but now happily blocked up. There is also a ghost ; and this is itB history : 'The Daces, under Inguar and Hubba, landing from a creek elose.by, and hunting for prey and plunder, found the.Lady Oayth at the fountain and out off her head. When the head "first rolled from the , shoulders at the stroke of the cruel Dane, she pioked it up tenaeny wire ner nanas ana qsrriea ic to ine ohuroh of Saint Peter and Saint Paul ; but the door was shut, bo she knocked at it with her blood-stained hands, and then fell prostrate— dead.' And. now, on eaohanni- vetsary of her death-day, at the witching hour of twelve, Saint Osyth walks again- head in hand. It would be interesting to meet Boine one who has seen her, and to learn if ghosts are able to speak In this | curious and anomalous position. Oor guide, however, oau'id not help us ; she . only know that there was a general inclination to keep to the moro frequented paths as night camb on, and that there was one old man who steadily refuse! to go through the old tower 6ven in twilight. From the Priory we went aoross to the ohuroh— being met at the door by the verge- ress, who deeply lamented our being just too late for the barveat festival decorations, which decorations, according to her aooonnt must have been quite as well worth: visiting aB the Priory itself. There were left, how ever, traoes of an aroh of greenery, orna mented by small , colored oandle3 of the Ohristinas-tree type; also a wonderful ; banner adorned with horns of plenty— in gold paper— and a scythe— in silver ditto— and so' we were able to console ourselves with the thought that possibly the other and ordinary attractions of the church might prove even more satisfactory. Our first impression of the interior was, however, decidedly depressing— vide, a wide nave filled on either aide with very light- colored, old-fashioned, high- baoksd pews, deoorated here and there by wh&t;" ait first sight looked to be milliners' blocks, bnt which, on farther enquiry, turned out to be stands for the neeessary evening oil- lamps. Round each pillar is au ordinary hat- rack, affording every accommodation for high hats, low hats, overcoats, and possibly umbrellas ; wo notioed farther two old- fashioned equare pews, poo— an heirloom of the D'Arop family— roofed in so as to prefent the idea of an ancient dismembered ooaoh. The most striking feature, of the ohuroh is the altar rail, formed somewhat in the shape of a horseshoe— j-an exact copy of tlie shape of the old oak rail, not so very long taken away. Oa either side of the altar is a massive soulptured monument representing a former owner of the Priory, and all around 'the ohanoel is painted— oh, that one shonld live to tell it! — a short edition, aboat three feet high, oi the favorite red velvet dramatio curtain on an equally imaginary brass rod. Some fine modern stained glass has, how- over, oeeu UUtieu lO wts uuauwi, wu arcbmologist will be interested in a low aids window, a . 4 squint/ .and , other relios . of anoient dato. One might, indeed, spend hoars most pleasantly and profitably in the precincts' of St. Ojyth's ; the village itBelf has a thoroughly old-world air about it, as though the influence of bygone ages were still breathed out from the Priory walls, and rash and bold ; would he be who ven tured the latest improvements in things, mundane or spiritual, under shadow of those two ancient landmarks, the Ohuroh of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and the Priory of St. Osyth. Indeed, wc fanoy, it might not have been sq very long ago sinoe tbe good people, before going to bed, 4 did rake up the fire, make a oross in tho ashes, and pray to God and Saint Osyth to deliver them from fire and water, and all mis adventure.' And so we turned homewards,, in the evening .light, amid the white mist .rising from the rosb-Iined marshes, ponder ing on the dayB of old so piotnresquely present with us, and convinced that in the flats of North-eaBt Esbcx may be fonnd: beauty, interest, and pleasure. — All the Year. Round. 