ALL ALONG THE RIVER Br MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER HI.— Continued. Lostwithiel smiled his alow, secret smile high up in the fainter firelight. He wa3 re flecting upon his notion of Miss Crowther's great grandmother, in linsey-wolsey, with a lavender print apnoti, a costume that would be hardly impressive at a hunt ball. He did lint give the young lady credit for a great-grandmother from a society point of view. There was tho mother yonder— in offensive respectability— the grandmother would bo humbler, and the great-grand- mother he imagined at the washtub, or cook ing the noontide meal for an artisan husband. He had never yet realised the idea of nume rous generations of middle-class life upon the same plane, the same dead level of jiros porous commerce. Isola rose to take leave, after having let her tea get cold, and dropped half her cake on the Persian rug. She felt shyer in that house than in any other. She had a feeling that there she was weighed in the balance and found wanting; that unfriendly eyes were scrutiuising her gloves aud hat, anil appraising her features and complexion. She felt herself insignificant, colorless, insipid beside that brilliant Miss Crowther, with her vivid beauty, and her self-ussurod airs and graces. Tabitha urged her to be of good heart when she hinted at these feelings. " VVhy, Lord have mercy upon us, madam, however grand they may all look, it's nothing but wool— only wool— and I heard there used to be a good deal of cotton mixed with it after this Mr. Crowther came into the business." The dusk was thickening as she went along the short avenue which led to the gates. Mr. Crowther, having built his ouse in a wood, had been able to cut him self out ft carriage drive, which gave him an avenue of more than two centuries growth, ttnd thus imparted an air of spurious anti quity to his demesne. He felt as he looked at the massive boles of those old Spanish chestnuts as if he hail belonged to the soil since the Commonwealth. Even the lodgowas an Important building, Tudor on one side, ami monastic on the other; with that agreeable hodge-podge of stylos which the modern architect lovclh. It was a better house than the curate lived in, as he often told Mi& Crowther. Isola quickened her pace outside that solemn gateway, and seemed to breathe more freoly. She hurried even faster at the sound of a footstep behind her, though there was no need for nervous apprehensions at that early hour in the November evening on the high road between I\>wey and Trclasco. Did she know that firm, quick footfall, or was it an instinctive avoidance of an un known danger which made her hurry on till her heart began to beat stormily, and hor breath came in short gasps'; " My dear Mrs. Disney, do you usually Walk as if for a wager'; asked a voice be hind her. "I can generally get over the ground pretty fast, but it was as much as I could do to overtake you without running." He was not breathless, however, llis tones were linn and tranquil. It was siio who could hardly speak. . 44 I'm afraid I am very late," she answered nervously. 44 For what? For afternoon tea by your own fireside V Have you anybody waiting for yon at the Angler's Rest, that you should be in such a hurry to get homru'r" "No, there is no one waiting, except Tabitha.. I expect no one." " Then why walk yourseKr into a fever V" " Tabitha gets fidgety if 1 am out after dusk." " Then let Tabitha fidget ! It will be good for her liver. Those adipose people require small worries now and again to keep them in health. You muati't over-pace yourself to oblige Tabitha." She had slackened lier pace, and he was walking by her side, looking down at her from that superb altiuude which gave him an unfair advantage. Blow could she escape those searching glances ? She knew that her way home was bis way home, so far as the bend oi the road whieli led away from the river ; and to avoid him for the intervening distance would have been difficult. She must submit to his company on the road, or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to make. " You mean to go to this ball, don't you ?" he asked, earnestly. " I think not." " Oli, but pray do. Why should you shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world, and live like a nun always? You might surely make just one exception for such a grand event as the Hunt Ball. You have no idea how much wo all think of it hereabouts. Remember, it will be the first public danco we have had at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. You . will seo family diamonds enough to make you fancy you are at St. .James's. Do you think Major Disney would dislike your having just one evening's dissipation';" 44 Oh, no, he would not mind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister in Hans Place, whore there would have been gaieties of all kinds; but I don't want to go into society while .Martin is away. It would not make me liuppy." "But if it made someone else happy— if it made other people luippv to see you there?" " Oh. but it would not matter lo anybody. I am a stranger in the land. People arc only kind to mo for my husband's sake." " Your modesty becomes you as the dew becomes a rose, I won't, gainsay you — only be sure you will be missed if you don't go to the ball. And if you do go — well, it will be tui opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in county society." " Without my husband? Please don' t say any more about it, Lord Lostwithiel. I had much rather stay at home." He changed the conversation instantly, asking her what she thought of Glenaveril. " I tliink the situation most lovely." 44 Yes, there wo arc all agreed. Mr. Crow ther had the good taste to find ft charming site, and the bad taste to erect an archi tectural monstrosity, a chimera in redbrick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crow t hers have the advan tage of acorns ami chestnuts that sowed themselves while the sleepy old monks were tolling their beads. How do you like Miss Crowther? " "I hardly know Iter well enough to like or dislike her. She is very handsome." " So was Rubens's wife, Helena Forman ; but what would one do in a world peopled with Helena Fonnans? There are galleries in Antwerp whieli no umii should enter without smoke-colored spectacles, if lie would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red- haired beauty. I am told that tho Miss Crowlhers will have, at least, a million of money between them in clays to come, and that they are destined to make great matches. Perhaps we shall see some of their soufriranfti at the ball. .Since the decay of the landed interest, the ehasse aux dots has become fiercer than of old." This seemed to come strangely from him who had already been talked of a 3 a possible candidate for one of the Miss Crowthers. It. would he such a particularly suitable match, Mrs. Baynham, tho doctors wife had told Isola. What could his Lordship look for bevond a fine fortune and a handsome wife? "They would make such a splendid pair," said Mrs. Baynham, talking of them as if they were carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow, from the nigh-road to the river-path which was tho nearest, way to the Angler's Nest. The river went rippling by under the gathering grey of tho November evening. On their right, hand there was the gloom of dark woods; ami from the meadow on their left rosea thick white mist, like a aeu that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical measure, was the only sound except their own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual? Isola hardly knew; but when she saw the lights shining in TabHhu's kitchen, and the fireglow in the drawingroom, she was glad with tho glad ness of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. " Good night," he said ; " good night. You will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Disney? Jt is not in one so gentle as you to be inflexible about such a trifle. »Say that you will honor our ball." She drew herself up a little, as if in protest against Ins pertinacity. "I really cannot understand why you should care whether I go or stay away," she said, coldly. 44 Oh, but I do care. It is childish, per haps, on my part, but i do care; I care tremendously ; more than I have cared about anything for a long time. It is so small a tiling on your part- — it means so much for me ! Say you will be there." 44 Is that you, ma'am?" asked Taintha's pleasant voice, while Tabitha's substantial soles made themselves audible upon the gravel path. " I was beginning to get fidgety about you." "Good night," said Lola shortly, as she pnssed through the little gate. It swung to behind her, and she vanished among tho laurels and arbutus. He heard bur voice and Tubulin's uh they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maul. There was a great- overblown Dijon rose nodding Us heavy head over the fence. I'n.-os linger so hue in (hat soft, western air. Lon.wi.imd plucked the flower, and pulled oil' its petals one by one as ho walked towards the viliM.'.:e street. " Will aim go --will aha stay-go-stay-go \--stay?" ho muttered, an Lite petals fluttered to the ground. Go ! 't '.s. oi course, she will go," lie said to himself as the last leaf fell. "Does it need ghost from the grave or ro9e from the garden to tell me that?" CHAPTER IV.— "Dreaming, She Knew it was a Dream." Isola and Lostwithiel met a good many times after that walk through the autumn mists. She tried her utmost to avoid him. She went for fewer walks than of old ; nay, she chiefly confined her perambulations to those business errands into Fowey which Tabitha imposed upon her, and such after noon visits as she felt it incumbent upon her to pay in strict return for visits paid to her. Major Disney had begged her to ho exact in such small ceremonies, and to keep upon the best possible tcrtns with his friends. 44 1 j love every soul in the place, for old sake's J sake," ho told her, and for old sake's sake I Isola had to cultivate tho people iicr husband had known nil his life, j She tried to avoid Lostwithiel. hut En to | was against her, and they met. He was un varyingly courteous. He said no word which I could ollend tho most sensitive of women. ' Prudery itself could have had no ground 1 for alarm. He did not again allude | to the ball, or his wishes upon that point. He talked of those common topics of | interest to which every day and every season : give rise, even in a Cornish village, and yet : in this common talk acquaintance ripened into intimacy unawares. And then, a3 all sense of shyness and reserve gave way to a vague, reposeful feeling, like drifting down a sunlit river, with never a breath of chilliug wind— they began to cxehauge confidences about their past lives. Unawares Martin Disney's wife found herself entering into tiic minutest details about the people she bad met on that level road of a monotonous girlhood by which she had come to be what she was. Unawares she betrayed ull her feelings and opinions, her likes and dislikes, and even tho little weaknesses and short comings of parents— her sister— her wealthy brother-in-law. Never before had she found j so good a listener. Her husband had been all I afiectionate interest in the things that con- j corned her ; yet she had ofteu discovered I that his mind was wandering iu the midst of I some girlish reminiscence; and he had a I tiresome trick of forgetting all those par ticulars about her friends which would have enabled him to distinguish the personages of a story. lie had to be told everything I afresh at each recurrence of those nam s » that were so familiar to her. Nor had he Lostwithicl's keen sense of humor, and quick perception of the ridiculous side of life, whereby many a little sketch of past ex periences fell fiat. The glimpses she caught of her new friend's past existence enthralled her. It was to sec new vistas opening into unknown worlds ; the world of university life ; the world of society, English and continental, with all its variety of jargon; the world of polities, and literature, uml art. It charmed j Iiim to see her interest in all those unknown things and people. 44 You would very soon ho tired of it, and would come back to Trclaseo— like the hare to her form— or like me," he said, smiling nt her ardent look. 44 Believe me, it is all dust and ashes. My hnppicsb hours have beeu on board a yacht, with only halfadozon good books and 10 or a dozen ignoramuses in blue serge for my companions." She was to go to tho Hunt Ball after all ; not. because he wished it, but because other people hud taken her affairs in hand and decided that she should go. Dr. and Mrs. Baynham bad decided lor her, Mrs. Van- sittart Crowther hud decided for her, aud had sent her a ticket with her love by that very footman whose appearance when he opened the door always crushed her, and who had given her a frightful shock when she danced into the kitchen to speak to Tabitha, and found him sitting on a Windsor chair, with his knees drawn up to his chin. Lastly, Tabitha had decided, and Tubilha's ! opinion went for more than anybody else. 44 You want a little bit of change and gaiety," said the faithful stewardess. 44 You have been looking pale and worried sineo you had that bad news from Broomer" — this was Tabitha's nearest approach to Burmah — 44 and you'll be all the better for an evening's pleasure. It wasn't as if you had to buy a dress, or even a pair of gloves. You've only worn your wedding dress at three parties since you came home from your honeymoon, and it's as fresh as if you'd been married ye.s- 1 tarday. You've got everything, and every thing ol the best. Why shouldn't you go ?" ' Isola could advance no reason, except her vague fear that her husband might not ap prove of her appearing at a public ball without him ; but at this objection honest Tabitha snapped her fingers. 44 I'll answer for Mr. Martin," she said. 44 He'll be pleased for you to enjoy yourself. 4 Don't let Iter mope while I'm away, Tabbie/ ' lie said to me the day before he started for j foreign parts. He'd like you to be at the I ball. You'll have Mrs. Baynham to take care of you, and what can you want more than that, 1 should like to know?" Mrs. Laynhim, the portly doctor's wife, was, in Tabitha's miml, the representative of all tho respectabilities. How could a girl just out of her teens — a girl who loved danc ing aud had been told she danced exquisitely — turn a deaf ear to such arguments, put forward by the person to whose humble euro- fuhiossher husband had in some wise confided : her. If Tabitha approved. Isola thought she could not do wrong in yielding ; so the simply fashioned white satin gown — made in Paris, aud with all Parisian chic — was taken out of the tissue papered, pot-pourri perfumed drawer. Gloves and fan and little white slippers wore passed in review. There was nothing wanted. Tho carofullest housewife need not have hesitated on the score of economy. So the question was finally settled — she was to go to t lie Hunt. Ball. A fly was engaged for her especial service, so that she . might not crowd Mrs. Baynham, who was to take two fresh, fat-cheeked nieces, who I looked as if they had been fed from infancy upwards upon apple pasties and clotted cream. She was to drive to Lostwithiel in tho fly from the Maypole Inn, anil she was to join Mrs. Baynham in the cloak-room, and make her entrance under that lady's wing. This final decision was arrived at about ton days before the event, and, for nine of those intervening days, Isola's life went by ! as if she were always sitting in that i imaginary boat drifting down a sunlit river ; baton the day of the dance, after just half an hour's quiet walk with Lostwithiel on tho towpatli, she went buck to the cottage pale as ashes, and sat down at her little daven port iu the drawingroom, trembling, breath less, and on the verge of hysteria. >Sho opened tho drawers of the davenport one after another, looking for something — helplessly, confusedly, as one whose brain is half distraught. It was ten minutes before sin? found what she wanted— a sheaf of tele graph forms, j 44 To Major Disney, Cornwall Fusiliers, j Rangoon. — Let me go to you at once. I am ! miserable. My heart will break if you leave | me here." i This was the gist of a message whieli she wrote half a dozen times, in dillercnt words, upon half a dozen forms. Then she tore up all bub the last, left that one in her blotting book, and began to pace the room j feverishly, with her hands clasped before her i face. I What fever-fraught vision was it that | those hands tried to shut out from her burn- ling eyes? Bo little hud happened — so little I — only half ait hour's quiet walk along Lite towputh, where the leafless willows had a strange, uncanny look, like those trees whose old grey branches seemed the arms of | the Erlking's daughters, beckoning the child ! as lie nestled in his father's anus, riding : through tho night. fc?o little — so little — and i yet it meant the lifting of a veil — the passage ; ! from happy ignorant innocence to the full I consciousness of an unholy love. It meant j what one kiss on trembling lips meant for I Paolo and Fraucesca. It meant the plunge int o a gulf of dark despair — unless she hud I strength to draw hack, seeing the abyss at I her foot, warned of her danger. | What had he said ? Only a few agitated words — only a revelation. .He loved her, : loved her with all the passion of his pas sionate soul ; loved her as lie had never loved before. They all tell the name story, these ' destroyers of innocence ; and for the moment I they till mean what they say. Every seducer | has ids hour of sublime truthfulness ; of generous feeling ; of ardent heroic aspira tions ; the hour iu which he would perish for I the woman he loves ; cut off his right hand ; < burn out his eyes ; leap oil' a monument ; do i anything except surrender her, except forego his privilege to destroy her. It was not too late. Tho warning bad come iu time— just in time to save her. She knew now to what ocean that drifting boat was carrying hor — through the sunny atmo- shere, between the fiowery shores of dream land. It was taking her to the arctic ocean of shame and ruin — the great sea strewn with the corpses of women who had sinned, and aull'ored, and repented, ami died — unforgivun of mankind — to wait the tribunal of God. (To be continued.) 