Free Criticism. ? Speak of me as I am, nothing Hor set down angfat in malioe. THB Auttralian Record should never hell reader* while " Colin Gloat" contributes fait weekly "Jottings from the bnsb." The average Australian parson (setting aside Eng. liah importations of tbe embroidered dipper variety) is a einoerb and hard-working man, who tborouRbly believes in bit mission, and, ao far, deserves the respect of "the world, tbe flesh, and the devil." Unfortunately, be too often believes alto in himself, tbe inevitable result of defective education and general ignorance of men. Never having approached " tbe choieo and master spirits of this age," be baa no standard wherewith to measure his own littleness, and all the " sound and for; of bis jill-disciplined entbnsiasm consequently avail him nothing against tbe superior skill of intellectual men. " Oolin Clout" is not a parson of this sort. Armed with the sword of tbe .spirit, be is also a matter of fence. A Christian first of all be it, besides, a clear thinker and polished writer. He devotes a column in last Saturday's Rtcord to criticising a 41 sample eermon " recently printed in " Free Criticism." He is perfectly .right from bis point of view as I am from mine. We simply misunderstand one another, and have really nothing to fight about. I may thrust \- "upward at bim from the plane of visible facts: he may purry and retnrn from the higher sphere of his ell- ab-orbine religious belief: paper pellets may fly, quills may splutter in opposition till doom's day, — we shall never meet. It's all very sad—not that we cannot fight! but that we should serioutly iaagine we have anything to fight about. A couple of children blowing golden bubbles from the same soapy water, each thinking his own the loveli- est, not till we have both grown up to God, shall we fully realise that every bubble caught its transient glory from a common Hun, that each was 'beautiful in its way and all—just bubbles ! Good-bye, Colin, till then ! GOD AKD MAMMON. One of the chief glories of the Isle of Man would seem to be the sanctity of its Sabbath. Its vast fleets of fishing boats lie idle while the fishermen go to tbe old kirks—or elsewhere ! Only u few years ago an extraordinary dispute was brought before the Manx court of justice, which tends to show that tbe pious islanders cannot quite forget the bawbees of this world, even while speculating in thoee of tbe next I Tbe matter was as follows: Several Irish fishing boats put into Castletown Bay on Sunday evening laden with herrings, which bad been caught that day, and which were to be disposed of on the Monday. The Manx fishermen to a man objected to their market being glutted by foreign traders—they also objected to their Sabbath being broken; which reason actuated them more strongly it is impossible to say. Anyhow, the two were sufficient in their eyes to justify an attack upon the strange boats, and the scattering of (heir cargo cf fishes in the sea ! So far as I remember the mutter was settled by a compromise. For an Australian to suddenly drop down into a place like this, in like fulling into a new world. The great sights to which residents point with pride do not most interest bim. Tbe things that keenly impress bim are the little points of difference between their life and surroundings and his. Tbe grey antiquity of the bouses and nariow winding streets—the Bunic crosses in the churchyard, and the rusty windlass on the quay—this universal burden of age and decay which the old world bears unconsciously, weighs heavily upon the sense of one fresh from a new world where all things are new. I shall never forget my sensations ee a boy of 14 standing in the vault under Peel Castle, where was confined the lluchiss of GloBter for more than twenty years. The old janitor in charge had led us downward through strange passages until' our Australian party stood in silence around a raised brass tablet in tbe centre of the earthen floor. My father had stood in thiB vault fifty years before, a boy like myself, and leaving the old cuide mumbling out bis explanation of tbe Latin inscription to thesilent group, we moved to tbe seaward side of the dimly - lighted vault, and listened for another sound;—a sound that my father had listened to fifty years before—a sound that long, long ago baid, for twenty years, beaten npon and dulled the bright senses of that unhappy woman—the oavernous rumblings of tbe surging sea. Throughout all that experience ' my prevailing sensation was that I was attending a funeral; in fact it was a bit too solemn ! There were several other things about Peel Castle that startled me out my drawl,' stone canon balls, for instance, fired ineffectually from Cromwell's great guns at tbe stubborn castle. All tbe guide books, not to speak of the guide himself, were full of a yarn about some demon that chased somp soldiers for doing something or other, but' it wasn't a patch on Fisher's ghost, even if itWBB true, so at that pait of tbe show T went off by myself back to an old Queen Elizabeth canon' and pioked tbe rust ont of tbe touohhole. Let ine mention one other strange thing—I saw it first on a sunny morning after rain—it stood in the centre of a great field of newly ploughed black soil. It was a vast boulder of pure quartz of dazzling whitefiess, shining like a great pearl on tbe skin of an Etbiop. They told me it had long ago been used as an altar by tbe DruidB.— Fresh salmon, as an article of diet, is greatly overrated—the market women asked eighteen peace a lb for it. Tbey didn't have us t—and we didn't have it! B1HK BEOON6TEUCTION. We of the new world' are accused of being irreligious, and we are; there is no doubt about It. But when it is urged that this is dne to tbe absence of awe-inspiring associations, reverence, and so forth, we beg to objeot. The Australian bush is (by-the-bye I thought it would be a pleasant surprise to the reader to find that thh artiole was not about bank reconstrnctiOD after all, wbioh explains the beading) is quite as full of the sacred Presence as any temple made •with hands. I shall never forget a journey I took out west from Dubbo. It had been mining for weeks and the roads were in an awful State. We passed a bnllook-team camped a few miles out, and the wheels were one solid plane of mud; no spokes were visible, and the inside of the mad bad been smoothed off as on spotter's wheel, by tbe sides of the waggon The primitive turn out, with its apparently solid wheels, reminded me of the curious conveyances, in which Jacob - and all his family went down into Egypt, The vast plains, often open, are sometimes crossed by belts of pine trees. These forests are conspicuous for the absenoe of ondersornb; you oan see for half-a-mile through tbe light shafts of the pine-trees, and the whole impression produced by the absolute listening stillness, the twilight that falls through tbe sombre foliage, the prim formality and same- neaB of the pines, reoalla vividly the quaint forest scenery with which tbe old masters often surrounded their holiest conceptions. Driving at walking pace through scenery like this, I suddenly saw far off a white column standing ont clearly against tbe gloomy background, like the marble headstone of a grave; then another came in sight, and another. They were monnments of foam, some of-them nearly Sft. high, in the still, moist air. Their foundations were laid wherever wandering little streamlets purled over a sudden fall in the ground into a pool below. That western country is full of wonders—the great Hacquarie river rolling inland, to lose itself in unknown marshes ; the rushing flocksof black emus; the weird " cowals," huge lakes extending for milnB through the forest, owing to some slight depression in tbe soil;—-depression—depression —the word bringa us back, with a jolt, to the fina&fcial; panic it has been the one objeot of this ariicle to avoid, and we find ourselves "op a. tree'" in the middle of a vast commercial " cowal," or sea of anxiety, caused by some "slight depression " in the banks! extenuate —OOMt. TOUCHSTONE. 