Keep Out of the Past. Keep out of the. past I for its highways Are damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens are sere, ana its forests are drear. And everywhere moulders a tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures Finds only a rose turned to dust, And its' storehouse of wonderful treasures Is covered and coated with rust. Keep out of the past, it is haunted, He who in its avenues gropes Shall find there the ghost of a joy prized the most, And a skeleton throng of dead hopes. En place, of its beautiful rivers Lie pools that are stagnant with sJime, . And those graves gleaming bright in the phos phorous light Cover dreams that were slain in their prime. Keep out of the past 1 it is lonely And barren and bleak to the view, Its fires have grown cold, and its stories are old, Turn, turn to the present, the new ! To-day leads you up to the hill tops, That are kissed by the radiant sun, To-uay shows no tomb — ali life's hopes m bloom— And to- day holds a prize to be won. — Ella Wkeeler IVilcox. Saw the Thing Through —' Hew are you, Charley," said one traveller to another in New South Wales. " Where have you been 7" Been visiting." "Where?" " In Sydney." " Indeed I I suppose you went ail the rounds.'-' " You bet I did." , " Saw the Parliament Houses and went down the harbor and all that sort of tning " Yes, and 1 was down in bed for two weeks with malaria. Oh, 1 tei: you I didn't mi9S any of it." The Other One'-—" So you have got a itep-mother ( ' she 9»id to the little girl of mven. — Yes." " " Well. I feel sorry for you." "Oh, you needn't do that," replied' '.be little one. u Please feel sorry for pa : " A cheap thing in summer hats— a dude's head. Philosophy That Means Well — 1 " My dear friend, how were you able to acquire such an immense fortune ?" " By a very simple method." "What method is tbat J" " When I was poor I made out that I was rich, and when I got rich i made out that I was poor." She Was Still There-—" And so your father has gone 10 a missionary station I " ' Yes : we are quite alone now," " Don 't you miss the directing hand of vour household I " " Oh, mother didn't go t " A Melbourne policeman declares that he had to handle about as many pieces of male matter as they do at the post- office. Some one says the age of a politieai party may be told by its rings. 