A FIGHT WITH ALBATROSSES. ASHIPWRECKED SAILOR'S STORY. Captain Hart, of the steamship Mariposa, sailing between San Francisco and Aus tralis, was formerly a wealthy young man, who went to sea because he loved life on the water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Mariposa's trips to tell how he came to ad~opt a seafaring life, and to relate his most thrilling adventure. Here is his story: I was 24? years old when I left collge, having graduated well up in my cl:s. I had come into possession of the property left to ne by my father in that yo:r, :und as my mother had also died, and my ?Aister I had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to Europe and South Africa, returning to London in the same year. Clark Russell's sea stories always interested me greatly, and I made up my mind to rough it on a trip to Aus tralia in a clipper ship. I tried to engage a cabin passage in the Josephine, then one of the largest sailing ships afloat; but old Captain Hardy, whom everybody called " the bear, " because he was so rough and brusque, refused with many an oath, saying he didn't keep an hotel, and no man could sail on his ship without siguing articles and doing his proper amount of work. Of course I knew a ship as well as I knew a i house, and I decided to go on the E Josephine before the mast, just for the fun i of it. I saw a twini l in the old c ptaiu's t eye as I signed Ite usual articles for the i voyage to Sydney. He simply remarked, s however, " You're big enough, at any rate, to do your share of the work. I procured a regular outfit, sont my kit on board, and t toobk my place among the crew. 1 found f friends in the forecastle at once, fur I assumed no airs, acted just as everybody I else did, and studiously minded my own I business. In spite of my discretion, though, a I made some enemies. One of them was a in the same watch with me. His name was t Norris, and he claimed to be an English. I man; but he spoke with a slightly foreign t accent, and was dark enough to be taken v for a Portuguese or a Spaniard. I disliked I him from the first, and he evidently had as I little regard for me as I had for him. He insulted me one day in the forecastle during t our watch below, and I struck him a blow under the ear that put him to sleep very 1 effectually. He was unconscious for two i hours, and I was really afraid that he was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and after that time did not in any I way interfere with me. When we were 1 aloft sometimes, I could see him eyeing me sharply, and was satisfied that he was I contemplating some sort of treachery. I I said nothing, but tried always to keep my eyes in his direction. We had a fairly i good voyage until we struck some ex- £ tremely rough weather off Cape Horn. For two days we ran under close reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became I so violent that we had to weather it. On I the fourth day of the storm the wind I moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered us I aloft to shake out the lower reefs. We had 1 resbumed our course, and were booming along at about ten knots. Although the wind had moderated considerably the sky was a dark grey all round, with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, in the south east. It looked to me like more heivy 1 weather, and I doubted the wisdom of 1 shakingoutanyof the reefs. Norris and I 1 wereonthe main royal yard when a heavypuff of wind struck the ship and threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood on the foot rope, with my arms over the yard, the heavy piece of timber was almost 5 perpendicular, and I had to cling hard with hands and feet to keep from going over. Another lurch came when I was resting my whole weight on the foot rope. The rope suddenly parted, and I felt myself falling. Instinctively I flung out my arms to grasp something, but my head struck the to'gallant yard, and over I went into the sea. I remember hearing a cry of " Man overboard!" from the deck, and must then have become unconscious for a time. I next found myself struggling among the tremendous waves. As I rose upon the crest of each big sea I caught a glimpse of the ship, and, as she was still standing on her course, I knew that I was left to my fate. I was nct excited in the least by my position. I fully expected to drown, but I made up my mind to fight as long as I could. I was and am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to be able to keep afloat until I could find some spar or bits of wreckage to sustain me. Meanwhile, I made as little exertion as was necessary, so as to preserve my strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of endurance, however great they might be, could be equal to any prolonged struggle with such elements. I expected no relief from the Josephine. A small boat could not have been launched in such a sea, and I calculated correctly that Captain Hardy did not put the ship about, because he did not believe that any man could live for five minutes among such waves as had been breaking over the ship. I must have been in the water an hour, and it was then about noon, when I espied a piece of a vessel's hatch about 20 yards away, in the same trough of the waves in which I was then swimming. I was quickly becoming exhausted, but I made for that little raft with all my remaining strength. I was engulphed by the waves a hundred times. Scores of times great seas broke over me and sent me down far below the surface. I managed to struggle to the sur face many times just soon enough to keep from drowning. At last I reached the hatch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested awhile before I had strength enough to raise myself upon the half submerged raft. There was a bit of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatch to keep from being washed off into the sea. I think I must have slept for a time in spite of the cold. At any rate, I remember that the sea becaime sud denly much calmer, the wind having died away to a simple breeze. As night came on a feeling of indescribable loneliness tookl posseseion of me, which was intensi fied when I saw that the albatrosses had sighted me. A man who clings to a spar in the waters about Cape Horn has more to fear from the giant birds of the air than from the monsters of the deep. The night was a very long one. When I was not dozing I was looking out over the waves in search of a vessel's lights. None camse into view, and the day broke cold and cheerless. When the sun came up I thought I/descried land off to the north west. It was only a faint line, and I was not sure whether it was laud or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be land, and I felt more cheerful when I saw that a current was carrrying me to the noith ward. I was very hungry, and I kinew that if I did not reach land, or was not picked up, I woull be at liberty to choose death from either starvation or drowning. I didn't count on another danger, which turned out to be rreater even than the others-the birds. Soon after sunrise I saw a number of great albatros.es sailing through the air far overhead. One by one they came lower, and I watched them with intense admiration. Not once did I see an aluatriss flip a wing. They rote high into the air and swooped down low, turning their immense wings from side to side to direct their course, but never appearing to use the slightest exertion. They were like ships of the air, using their wings as sails, and with a perftect knowvledge of tacking, gybiug, and the like. They went to windward and before the wind with equal facility. In my ad miration for the great creatures I loest sight of the fact,even if I had realised it, that they were a more serious source of danger than the wa:ves. Nearer and nee.rer they came, and I could see their cold staring eyes rgordinu; mue with something in their exoression that made me shiver. Even then I did not appreciate my danger. One of them swirled past me 0o close that I was fanned by the air he had disturbgd. It was not until another had made a vicious jab at me with his beak as he swvo.ped by that £ began to understand the horrors of my position. I hsad no weapon but a jack knife, which I opened, and with which I prepared to defend myself. I had been lying down all this time, but I now sat up and made ready for the attack that I felt sure would come. It was not long delayed. First one albatross and then another flew at me, picking at my eyes and face. I slashed right aud left with my knife, screaming the while, in the hope of scaring the vicious things away. I must have wounded several, but they came at me again and again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spite of all I could do, one would fasten his beak into my flesh, and tear a piece away. Mey face became fright fully lacerated, and I was soon covered with the blood that flowed from my wounds. I was on the verge of fainting, when I heard a shout near at hand. Turning, I saw a boat closely approaching, manned by a crew of rough-l]obking natives. I had been so absorbed in my fight 'with the birds that I had not observed how closely to the land I had drifted, and that a boat was coming to my rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to see. that the birds had given up the fight. They made a few wide circles around the boat, and then sailed away to the westward. The natives spoke a Spanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they were Terra del Fuegans, and that I was being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and was almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let myself drown. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed they had to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hut, where my wounds were dresseo by an old woman, who was not at all a bad surgeon, and after having eaten a little, I was laid upon a mattress, where I slept soundly for several hours. An attack of fever followed, and it was nearly a month before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, for there were no medicines there. I had a little money in my belt,all of which I gave to my rescuers, making them understand, however, that I wanted them to take me out to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of the Terra del Fuegans by other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated me well. At Sydney I ran across Norris, who acted as if he had seen a ghost, He shivered cnd shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. He admitted it and begged for mercy. I hadn't the heart to kill him. A few nights afterwards he ran amuck while drunk, and I found him in the act of stabbing an American sailor in a salonn. I experienced a thrill of pleasure in seeing him soundly thrashed.-Austraeian Journal. 