Startling; Episode at Uobait. SPIRITUALISTIC MANIFESTATIONS. DISCOVERY OF REMAINS UNDER A HEARTHSTONE, It is highly desirnblo that ghosts should occasionally vindicate their cxlstonce by putting in their appearance. Their popular ity in tho eyes of spiritualists, olairvdyants, theosopbists, ami psychologists has n distinct claim upon them, There mo peoplo of this kind in Hobart (states Tuesday's 'Mer- cury '), nnd, of oourso, Hobart must havo Its ghost, though it is an old one, and appears to hnve bean for a tiinu iialesaant, hut, mis, as veincious rumour salth, raised and rails nnvurud on Satllrd.iv lib tho Old Niimiih* Homo in Liverpool-street, with tho result that a somewhat sensational discovery lias boon inndo. Most, if not nil of us, hnvo from time to time havo bran spellbound at the recital of a ghost story. Sometimes tho shadowy thing has fronted tho bolatod traveller at midnight on somo unfrequented road ; sometimes tho ghost has been encountered In his legitimate out door haunt, the churchyard ; but most frequently tho so-called apparition has been made acquaintance within the oak-panelled chamber of some old baronial mansion j in localities whero fatul accidents hnve hap pened, or n munler has beou committed. At Hobart the older portion of tho Nurses' Homo has boon reported nt intervals for years to bo the rendezvous of n spectre of n ivam.au, nnd the liwale of strnngo noises at midnight. The building has a weird history. It was originally a female hospital, then an emigrant depot ; noxt a Numus' I tome, and is now utilised In many wnys ns a refuge for a few destitutes, a ltellef Restaurant, nnd a nicctlnc placu for ono or two scratch organi sations. About a dozen years ngo n scare arosu ns to a ghnst buing suun in the main corridor and In tho long ward on the llathurst-streot side uf thu building (subsequently divided into threo apart ment as it now stands), It was nt that time a female hospital. The nurses used to dcelnro that they heard footsteps nud other unaccountable noises in the corridor nt night, especially nt tho uppor end of tho ward. Tlran, about eight yenrs ngo, Nurse Masters became very terrified, Haying she had seen tho ghost there Then Nurses Player and M'Kay reported having seen it ; and nnothor nurs'j mis so frightened by seeing tho spectre, or thinking she saw It that slio nt once loft tho hospital. Latterly, sinco tho nursci havo quitted it for the now Nurses' UomolnArgyle-Btreot, the apparition has been reported to hnvo reappeared. A short time after the ladies hnd opened tho Re* lief Restaurant there, two young men, who wore hard up, ono being nn en gineer nnd surveyor nnd tho other a Hupcrioor kind of clerk, wore helped by the committee, They wore both well educated nnd well brought up young fellows, and the ladles allowed them to sleep In ono of tho rooms Into which tho ward already referral to has boon sub-dlvldcil, Tills room is the one at the furtharmont end of tho corridor on tho Argyle-strect side of the building. Thoy reported that they had hoard the most weird noises at night after retiring on a roughly improvised bed in the room, and this becoming current tho report that tho place was haunted was again re vived. It appears that in Hobart there is at pre sent a little organisation of spiritualists, and the report readied the oais of Messrs. 15. II, Gawne nnd Bugby, who take a prominont interest In spiritualism and clairvoyance These enthusiasts, with a numbor of their fiieiuls, decided to investigate these alleged ' spiritualistic manifestations ' nt tho insti tution. Saturday night last was fixed upon, and botweon 10 and 11 o'clock tho party nsseiqblcd in the room off tho main corridor whero tho youil? men had slept. There wero both ladies and gentlemen present, and It was decided to hold a spiritualistic tea net. OUalr» were ranged round in a ring, nnd nil caught' URUdn »? thoy sat in tho oirclo. Then the room was darkeued, and tho spirits wore called forth by one of tho gentlemen, who noted m tho 'medium.' Meuuwhilo tho ladies would whisper and titter, and ouo of them referred to tbo ghost which had always been seen as being that of n woman, and to tho old talts about tho murdor of a doctor's wlfo alleged to havo taken plnco on tho promises years ngo. Ibis worked tho party up to a considerable pitch uf tremulous excitement over the welrdnesn of the situntiou. ' It gives mo the creepers,' said one young ludy, us the clairvoyant wna ratmiim for tiiu spirit to coiue. 1 licit sud denly, it is averred, a spectral llgura of a woman rose from tho hearthstono in front of them, passed through tbe little family oirclu, and disappeared as though -Ao went through the wall ut tho opposite cud of Iho room. Mr. Gawne and two or three of the party declare that they saw it, and that there wero othor ' manifestations.' A t any nite tho wholti party weru thrown into a perfect sp.isni of terror, and iliuro was uu iusiunt rush intotho corridor, the Indies being almost hysterical, but prompted by thu natural in stinct which showed them that unity is strength, all kept together till plenty of light was obtained, and they were able to ' clour out.' All, it is said, were pretty thankful to do so. It was intended to keep the inoidont ns secret us possible among the initiated ot the ?'circle,' but yesterday morning Mr. Uawno ?(.lid the manifestations iudiuiituJ to him tbut there, wus hidden crime conuected with the place. The Deeming murders and conceal lueuta by burying human bodies uudur th hcarthstonu were thought of. That was the very thing, They must have tho hearthstone up, Tho athlotlo nnd venturcsomo Uawiru thereupon, with the. Assistance of a working man, repaired to thu institution, and got permission to raiso tho iloor nud make a search In tho chamber of mystories, Soon the crowbar and tho spado woro at work, and the hearthstone was raised, nnd n quan tity of earth removed. Going down a little lowor some remains woro discovered in thu nliapu of numerous bones, parts of n skull, bones like thoau of an arm, parts of a vorto brio, a tooth, etc, also pieces of oloth, an old safoty pin, and a spent bullet, Those woro nil gathered together and taken away by Mr. Cluwne, as proof true ns Holy Writ of tho ability to discover wondrotu thiugs by munns of Spiritualism, Vesterday cvonlng n representntivo of ' Tho Mercury' saw Sir. Uawno, nnd inspected tho bones, Askod for particulars of what was really seen on Saturday night thu only reply ho would glvo was ?? Wo saw manifestations, anil a clairvoyant a mile oil saw it 'at the same moment, And those manifestations havo lod to thu discovery of these bones.' Later in the day it was pointed out to Mr. Gawno, who had tho bones in Ilia possession, tied up in a handkerchief, that if ho thought thoro renlly woro nuy human remains among them, he should not have removed them from tho Homo, but hnvu glvon information to tho police. This, ho said, hnd not 'struck' him before, and ho accordingly took the bones, rags, tooth, and all, to tho pollcu station, ,\vhcio they woro examined by two or three vetorans in the police sorviuc, who concluded that there woro no human romaius among them Tho piece ot Bkull was probably part of a sheep's head, andisoma of tho othor bones, perhaps part of tho baekbono of* n crossbred Merino. An ollloinl entry wns, howover, mado of the report. After the excavations which' Mr. Gawno hnd mndo tho room looked vory much us if a miniature earthquake had happened in It. Half rotten bricks, it big heurthstnuo, nnd a good whcelbnrrowfut of mould lay on tho boards, There was quite n tunnel under tho boarding, nnd the couolusiou come to by tho gencrnl unbeliever in spiritualism and 11 mediums ' was that tho hollow place under the hearthstone was a rats' dining-room, and that all tho 'unearthly noises' hoard from tlmo to timo on tho premises wero caused by the same obtrusive vermin, whilst as to tho apparition— well, there is no limit to man's or woman's imagination, 