THE BAST BANQUET. (AX INCIDENT OF THE FBEXCH liEVOHJTION IN' 1793.J Giiaut, the Norman marqut?, sat in his "ban quet-hall, "When tee shaiis of the autumn sanshinegflded the castle wall; Wlnle in through the open windows floated the sweet perfume* Borne in fx< n\ the stately garden.and filling the lofty room. Yonder- over the poplars, hipped in the mellotv haze. Jjve the roofs of the teeming city, red iu the noonday i.laze: "While ever, in inufied music, the tall cathedral towers Told to the panting people tlie story of the hours. His "was a 'irael temper: under his baneful stray. Peasant, and maid, and matron fled from his headlong tray, "When do vm from Ids" rocky eyrie, spurring Hs learning steed, Galloned the iKiughty nohle, ripe for some evil deed. But when the surging thousands, bleeding from everr pore. Boused by the wrongs of ages, rose "with a mighty roar Ever the streets of cities rang with a voice long mate: _ Gibbet, and tree, and U'n*cmc bearing their Weeding fruit Only one touch of feeling-hid from the vrorla amrt, - , . « * Iiocked v.-ith tht; key of aleuce-uved in that cruel heait: Tor one he had loved and -worshipped, dead in the days of yore, 3Cow slept in the lonely chapel, hard by the river shore- _ . High on a painted panel, set in a ended shnne, ShSne her benignant features, lit with a smile divine: "Under the high, straight forehead, eyes of the brightest blue, _ Framed in her hair's bright inasses,nvalled the sapphire's hue. 44 Whr do you come, Breconi r *" 'Olarquis.ycu did not call: But 3Ggnonne is waiting yonder, down "by the oa~t*e w;tlL~- n "Bid her begone V~ -'But, master-poor cmld. And, broken -with" iktter keeping, she told me a t^le of woe She says there is wild work yonder, there in the hafcel town. "Where the crowd of frenzied people are shoot ing the nobles down : And to-night, ere the moon has risen, they come, irfth burning brand. _ "With ihe Same of the blnzing castle tt> light the lurid laud Bn± first ro" mast spread the "banquet-host for this crew abhorred Ere out from the topmost turret they Sung my murdered lord. Flee for thv life, Xiord ilarqais: flee from a frightful doom, "When the night has hid the postern safe in its friendly gloom.' «*Xush 2 are you mad, Breeoat f Spread them the ljanqu*it here, "With Sowers, and fruits, ana viands, silver and crystal dear; Xefc not a touch b4* wanting-hasten those hands of thine I Haste to the Breconi-and I will draw the wine!'* - "Up from the rippling river sounded the traiap of feet, " , That rose o?cr the solemn stillness laden wiin ?perfume sweet: "While high o'er the sleeping city, and over the garden gloom, Towered the grim, black Castle, still as the slent tomb. Xeaning over-the casement, hearkening the "busy hum. Smiling, tiie haughty marquis kaew that his tinr- VC2.& come : At.fl he turned to the panelled picture-that \- answered his look again And "beamed vith a. ash of vrelcome-hum ming a loir refrain. Under the echoing archway, and up o"er the staiis of stone, Ever the human torrent shouted in strident tone- _ Curses, and gibes* una threat-mugs, with snatches of rii-ald jest, Stirring the blood to fury in many a l>ruial oreast There. under the lighted tapers set in the fcan^net-hall. Smiling. and <-ahru and steadfast, towered the marqais tall Dressed in his richest costume, facing the gib ing host. He wore on his broad, blue ribbon the star ot The Holy Ghost-** ^ __ j ?i Welcome, fair guests-be seated r ^ he cried | \- to the motley crowd j That drew to the load*=d table with curses long i and load ; ! WavTa" a graceful welcome.the gleaming lights ! reveal The rings on Hs soft, white fingers, strung "with the nerves of steel Turned to the panelled picture, calm in his icy hate. He stood, in his pride of lineage, cold as a marble Pate r ^nnKn" in hidden meaning-in his rich gar ^mentsdress As celd, and lord, and polished as the bril Hants en his breast. Pouring a brimming beaker, he cried: ' « Prink, friends-1 pray ! ^ j Drink to the toast I give yon! Pledge me my j nroudest day I ^ . 1 Here, under the hall of banquet-orink, drink to the festal news Stand twenty casks of powder, set srith a lighted fuse 1~ Frozen with sudden horror, they saw. like a Seecv mist. As he quaffed ihe purple vintage- the raffles at Ins -srrist: Turned to the smiling picture, clear as a silver hell Echoes his list fond greeting-"I crick to thee, Dorra crashed the sS^er goblet, flung on the marble floor: Back rushed tee stricken revellers-back to the dose-barred door; "Up through its yawning crater the mighty eakhouake oroke, Dashhig its ^pom« of ^ throa^ its ""^ves ^ of smoke I I Out through the deepening darkness a wild, despairing -cry j Ban.r as the rrren castU lighted the midnigat 1 , I Then davrn o'er the lurid landscape, lit by i those fires of hell Buttress, ana roof, and rafter, the smoking ; nnnfo31! Over the Gorman laudpenpe the summer sun looks down. Gilding the grey cathedral, gilding the teeming town. _ _ . Sti11 shines the nppimg nver. lapped in it> banks of green : grill hangs the scent of roses over the peaceiul scene: But high o'*t the trembling poplars,hlackened, and burned, and riven, Those "blasted towers and ramparts frown in the face of heaven : And still in the sultiy August I seem at times to feel The smile of that cruel marquis, keen as his rapier's steel. EiDWAEU BZSAUD. 