Story Column. NOW TIBBT runilBHED.J THROUGH THICK AND THIN. ST " CLEMENTINE MONTAGE, Author of "For Love and Fame," " My Wife or His," Leonora's Logaoy," &o.;, &o.; The Queensland rights of tills story havo been purchased by the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Cosaoll and Company, London and Mel bourne CHAPTER XXIX ( Continued .) There was a tremble in Mr. Lynn's voice as he thanked thp two for their in formation, and invited them to come and eee him at his hotel. He pat a few searching questions to tbem about the death of Biohard Dent, and the manner of it. and noted exactly where to find his grave in the cemetery where he had been laid. His face was very grave as he walked back to his quarters, and he shook his head and sighed as he oommuned with himself. ' Where has the jugglery or the blander been?' he aeked himself. 'That poor ohild st Tredenach speaks only the simple truth when she says that the younger brother pushed the elder over the rooks. I am as sure of it as I am that I am a living man nt this moment. How was he saved ? For that he did not die then is as patent to me as daylight. I doubt if Mrs. Bruce is in that part of the secret ; she knows of his existence, or did, while' he did exist. Ib this the end of the Btory I wonder ? I have a curious feeling that it is not, that I shall hear — bah ! I am an old fool. These men are speaking the truth. The page is turned, and — " The rest is silence," as Hamlet says.' He was in a very saddened mood as he sat over his solitary supper. He did not feel as if he could hear the light gossip and merriment of the publio table, and he wqb thinking fadiy and soaroely eating when the waiter appeared. ' A man, sir, wishing to speak to you.' 4 Who is it ? 4 Name of Rutley, sir — one of the fire brigade, says he has no appointment, but is very wishful for a few words with you, if not intruding. I told him you were at supper.' ' Send him up,' Mr. Lynn said, wonder ing what the man could have to say; and in a minute or two Butloy walked into the room looking bigger and awkwarder end more sheepish than he had looked in hiB own quarters. OHAPTEB XXX I- THE GHOST. 4 You want to apeak to me?' the lawyer said kindly. 4 If yon please, sir.' , ' Then take a seat.' ... Rutley sat down sheepishly and twirled his hat. What he had oome to say Bcemed to have retreated to an immea surable distanoe now that he was in the lawyer's presence. 4 1 had something to say, sir,' he said presently ; ' it's on my mind, like, hut I'm almost afraid to speak it lest you should think me a fool.' 4 1 don't think I shall do that— yon don't look like one.' ' Thank you, air ; you're very good ; most people would think me one for what I'm going to say. It's about Dent, sir.' ' About Dent ? What about him v ' There's something wrong— ho ain't testing.' ' What do you mean ?' Mr. Lynn turned his chair quiokly round as he asked the question, and fixed his eyes on his visitor ; but Butley was warmed into hfs subjeot now, and went on bravely. ' I mean just what I say, sir. He ain't resting quiet in his grave — he walks.' ' He what ?' 4 He walks, sir. I've seen him.' 'Nonsense, man. You don't expeot me to believe in ghosts, I hope,' 4 1 don't know that I expect anyone to believe anything,' Butley said some what doggedly. _ 4 It's true, for all that.' 4 1 don't disbelieve anything you soy,' Mr. Lynn replied ; 4 1 have no doubt that you have seen something or someone that has warranted your statement ; hut if yon helped to prepare your friend for burial, and he was known and identified by all his oomrades ' ' That he was, sir ; and buried deep, too.' . ' Then you cannot have seen him.' 4 1 have, sir, and spoken to him. It waB Dent himself, very pale anil won — almost transparent, s'nd he didn't go away like a mortal man ; he just van ished. Oh, if he would only tell me what troubles him, that I may put it right for him, I'd do it, that I would. I don't know why I oame to yon 'with this trouble", sir, but you seomed so kind like when you were talking to us about him, that I thought you could tell me what to do if I see him again. It troubles me, sir, it troubles m'B.' The mim was so muoh in earnest-, and he told his extraordinary story so gravely, that the lawyer felt sure thnt it wassthe truth he was telling. He oould seo that he was Btrangely affeoted, it was pre- posterous, of course, hut imagination played strange pranks with people some times, and this burly giant had a sensitive brain, in spite of hiB stolid appearance. ' Suppose vou tell me exantlv what happened,' Mr. Lynn said, 'You say you have seen your dead friend twioe ?' ' Throe times in all, sir. Always in the same place.' 4 And where is that ?' 4 On the heights, sir; outside a house there. It was a place he was very fond of when he was alive.' 4 Ah, and oomes baok to take a little . walk there now he 1b dead. Is that yonr idea?' 4 1 don't think I have any ideas -shout it, sir. It's queer, and I don't feel that I oan talk about it to my mates.' 'Then you haven't told anyone ?' 'Not a soul, sir.' . 4 Then I think I would not say any. thing just yot if I were you—it maybe omifltake,you know.' 4 It isn't a mistake, sir. I saw him, I am sure of it.' 4 Many people are much alike, my man,' Mr. Lynn said, with an uneasy feeling creeping over him, in spite of his common sense,, whioh objooted to the ghostly idea entirely. ' Height, manner, and dress go a long way to making a. likeness, especially at night. Moonlight will transform one man into another in a moment.' Rutley listened respeotf ully, and shook his head reflectively. 4 I've thought it out all ways, sir, ' he said, 'till I've nearly muddled my brains. I'm not a ojever obap, but then, again, I'm not fanoiful. what I see I see, and I don't believe muoh that I oan't see and touoh.' 4 And you have seen Riohard Dent, whose grave you Bhowed me to-day ?' 4 Yes, sir,' 4 "Well?' 4 It was himself, just as he used to look in life,' Butley went on ; only dressed in some sort of white stuff, that made him look whiter and thinner than he ever did in life. I've been on the heights a many times since he died, but its only in the last three weeks that I have seen him, I had a mind to go to a parson about it, for I don't feel oomfortable — there may be something he wants done, poor ohap ; but you oame, and when I heard you were asking about him, I thought maybe that you were a friend of his and I thought I would tell you first.' v 4 1 think you were right,' the lawyer said reflectively. 'You might have got yourself laughed at for talking about ghosts. No one believes in that Bort of thing now.' ' I didn't, sir, till this happened.' 4 Ah, you won't when you find out all about it. It was moonlight when you saw vour friend ?' 4 The first time it was almost as light aB day and I had oome out for a stroll, being off duty for a bit. It is a nice plaoe for a man who is fond of a mouthful of fresh air, as I em, -being a Cornishman, and a pipe always tastes sweeter out in the open. I was smoking and thinking, thinking of all sortB of things and then my mind went to the fire, and I thought of poor Dent, and how we had buried him, and all the things that wero said about him, and the message that had come from headquarters in London when they heard of it ; it wsb read out to us, and it made ns all feel proud to think how we were thought of at horns, and then I thought of how he used to look, and how lithe and strong his hands were for a man of his build, and of a queer soar that was aoross the hock of one of them.' 4 A scar— what was it like ?' asked Mr. Lynn, so eagerly that Butley looked up in surprise. ' It was aoross the baok of his hand, sir,' he answered, putting up his big left hand. Sometimes it hardly showed at all, hut it started out sometimes I suppose, when he wasn't well or was tired, as soars will. I have a big one that is sometimes white and sometimes red, and it was the same with that one.' 4 A streak going across from the wrist to the forefinger obliquely ?' asked the lawyer. 4 Yes, air, slantwise like,' Rutley re plied ; 4 1 see you know him.' 1 1 hope I do— I hope to Heaven I do,' was tho answer to his speeoh. 4 1 won't eay did till we have fathomed this mys tery ; go on.' ' Well, sir, I was full of thought of him, and, there all of a sudden he stood before me. He looked straight at me, with his eyes wide open, but he didn't seem to know me.' I was too muoh taken a-baokto say a word, and we stood facing eaoh other, and I oould see every bit of him distinctly, and I saw the soar, for lie put his hand up to his mouth — it was a way he had. I pulled myself together after a bit; It seemed like an age I had been staring at him and him at me, and £ made a stop forward. " Dick," I said, but he was gone. A eloud had come over the moon; and a sort of wind gave a queer eerie whistle, and there was nothing there — not a creature nor a sound.' TO BE CONTINUED TO-3IOBEOW. 