TEE EMIGRANT SHIP . BT W. CLARK RUSSELL. Chapter XVI.— Brigstock's Scheme (continued). ' Another matter," continued Brigstock, put ting on a pair of. strong magnifying glasses and standing up under tho light to read from the Bide of an old newspaper which ho had drawn out of his pocket carefully folded in canvas. " The notion of most of the parties below," said he, stooping bis head to look at mo over his spectacles " is that they'll not be a week ashore afore they'll be nil swallowed up iu marriage, I've sounded 'em ; it's their idea. Ninety squatters, a-wollowing in wcnlth, '11 be wnitiug at the dockyard gates for these females to land in order to court and carry 'em off to hup country palaces. What's the truth? Here's a piece we found in a paper that belongs to one of the mon named Snortledgo : I've read it to many of the women. Some it liinfluenced— 12 sartinly, and perhaps more;" he slowly Biniled at Prentice; "unfortunately, there's but 12 men." Then, clearing his throat with a strong cough, ho rend the following : — "Viewed as a marriage market, New South Wales must at present be set down as deoidedly and sbookingly bad. A speculative young woman emigrating without capital in the hope of securing an establishment for life will no more succeed than would the young man with out funds make a livelihood by coming out as a squatter. The reverses of tho colony made men cauiious and they continue so. Strange to say, too. the well brought up and pretty maidens of the middle and servant classes of Sydney do not appear to be muoh sought in' marriage. Yet it is undoubtedly in those classes that the well known preponderance of males exists. The single men do not want wives and the responsibilities and encumbrances of family life. They prefer working, hard working, like slaves, four or five days and larking the rest of the week !" He dropped his head to look at mo agftin over his speotacles. I had listened with attention, for there was truth in every word of what ho had dolivered, and all the while I followed him Kate Darnley had run in my head. "It's reasonable enough," said be, "that partioj going out to a new country mainly to get married should be quito willing to pick up with respectable men as they go along." He carefully refolded the newspaper, stowed It away in its canvaB cover and pocketed it along with his glasses. " Ain't it about time that Mr. Morgan here should tell us what he meanB to do?" said Coffin, who had been pulling bard at his moustaobcand making nervous grimaces with his eyes, vulgarly arch, with looks of low humor, faetened upon me whilst Brigstock read. "Yes," I answered quickly ; "but bear this In mind— I've been in this ship since noon only, and have but beard of your scheme within the last hour. I'm not to be com- ' mitted to a heavy responsibility without reflec tion. If I voluntarily consent to command the vessel I become one of your number, and I'd like to consider all that your resolution means before I settle with yon." " Make no mistake about one thing," ex claimed Brigstock, gravely wagging a fore finger at me, "when we was left helpless— that's tq Bay without a navigator in this ship — var- tually we were as much discharged as though we'd stepped ashore and been paid off." 41 1 don't think so," said I. "Well then, I'm sure of it," he cried with some show of temper. "Isn't a ship's crew disoharged when she goes ashore and's wrecked ? "What's the difference between a vessel being hnrd and fast on the rooks and a ship like ourn a- washing about help less?" said Prentice. "It's as I say," continued Brigstock. "."We've discharged from the artioleB by what tbe under writer's term the bact of God. "We can't go Ashore in tbe middle of tbe ocean, can we ? Then, having a ship under our feet, we've got a perfect right to sail her to any spot we may helect as convenient to land on." This was a boa lawyer ! one of yonr rare hands who will play tbe deuce with a captain's nerves, and just the sort of philosopher to dominate a crew and make the sailors see thingB exactly from his point of view, "You talk of hunting for an island in the Pacific, north or south," said L " How long do yon mean to take to find It?" 41 Ob, well carry on, we'll carry on," answered Brigstock. 44 She's got heels has this ship. "We shall have the island aboard us"ra three months." 44 Easy," exolaimed Coffin with an impatient twist of his wiry figure. 44 There are above a hundred souls on board," said L 44 You've already drunk up a good deal of your fresh water I guesB, What stook's left?" 44 Plenty," answered Brigstock. 44 1 allow that Captain Halcrow never intended to touch at the Cape. The stock that's a-going to last from the Thames to New South Wales is a-goiug to last from tbe Thames to the South Sea. What's the difference? It'll bo only putting ber off west 'stead of east wben the latitood's run down, with islands to rise every morning arter a bit when the Horn's sunk well OBtern." 44 1 advise you to count your gallons over Again, Mr. Brigstock," said L 44 You're the scholar of this ship— we'll leave that to you, sir," he answered respect fully. 44 I'll give you a reply in the morning," said I, getting up. 44 1 hear no bells. They should be kept going. "What's the hour?" He pulled out his watch and answered, 44 Half- past nine." I pulled on my coat and put on my hat, designing a turn on deok, for somehow I felt that I could think more clearly out in the wild freedom of the windy, starry night, with its fly ing moonshine, than down here in this horizon of elegant panels and creaking bulkhenus. 44 Let it stand till to-morrow, then," said Brigstock; 44 It's but right yer should have time to meditate a bit. Jupe, there's no rum, and the c&pt;'n'll be wanting a nightcap. Jump for a lantern, my lad. All the spirits are in the lazaretto, Mr. Morgan. The batch is pAdiocked and I've got the key, but it's youm when your mind's made up. You'll see your way, I hope ? What's the meaning of it but this ? You're to put us in the road of getting ashore ; the ship's then to be banded over to you. I'm no swearer," be continued slowly and deliberately, "but I could take a big oath"— here he let his heavy fist fall on tho table — 44 that a fairer, straightfurrudcr offer than ourn was never before made to a man, and that never in all the mari time hannals in the likes of such a traverse as this will yer hear or read of a crew of sailormen with honester sentiments and uprighter mean ings than's in this ship." I nodded, that he might know I heard him, And went up tbe companion steps. Chapter XVIL— The Women. It was blowing a topgallant breeze. . Large, shadow like wings of cloud were spreading across the moon, and the bright stars phot through the rush of dark stuff, as though all between was a race of meteors. Tbe flight of the ship through tbe night wn» a stirring and splendid picture ; at every curtsey sho piled tho water to her spritsail yard ; tho dusky line of tbe oocan throbbed clear and hard against a spectral airy greenish dimness, but under the moon tbe long black forms of seas glanced in lines of pale light. I walked to the break of the poop lost in thought. Tbe black shape of a seaman trudged to and fro near tbe wheel, at which stood a second figure. The main batch windfall was wildly working and yawning like tbe struggling wearied ghost of a giant ui\der the mainyard ; half the hateh lay open as before buried in dark ness. I stood looking at that black oblong of batch slowly forming a resolution ; marvelling likewise as with an undemote of thought at the deep human significance this rushing and streaming ship took from the crowds of slccpors in ber black heart. Had the souls of the slumberers combined into a spirit for her that she should take the seas in that spurning, topping, feverish way, as though she knew what her load was and its trust in her? Often had the ships I'd sailed in seemed live things to me, but never was ship so living as this that night and then . Half an hour after I had left the cuddy Brigstook came up the ladder and told me he'd put some wine and spirits in the pantry ; they were to be for my own private use, he said ; he added that the men oontinued on their regular allowance of a tot of grog a day, whioh was all lie meant they should have. ,4 When I starts my common wealth, "he sung out tome, slanting hisfigureto my ear, "thero'll be no drink. Hintoxication '11 stand next to murder as a crime. I'm for mixing tho vartues well in; my scheme's to stand." Ho then bawled, 44 George !" The fellow who was walking aft oamo along the deck. 14 I'll tako obArge now," said Brigstock, 44 This gem'man, I hope, '11 be our capt'o to morrow." The man touched his forehead, looking at me hard in that pAle flying light He then went forward, and Brigstock made a step as if he would havo me join him. But I had heard and talked enough. In an offhand way I said, 44 Am I to uso the captain's cabin ?" 44 Sartinly. If you take command you'll make yourself welcome to what's inside it, I hope- merely as borrowings ; everything used oan be handed hack when you've carried the ship to a port. These hero clothes I've got on I found iu the mate's berth. My own chest's not well enough off to rig me out in a style proper to command tbat sort of respect which my situa tion aboard hentitles me to." 14 Good night," said L _ 44 We shall have your answer In the morn- inK t" 4 4 By 8 o'clook," I replied. I went straight to the captain's cabin, and turned the light up to shake tbe mattress and look round. I had noticed some boxes of oigArs in the locker whilst imprisoned. I took one. It was a good cigar, and the smoke and fragrance of it soothed my excitement. My situation was, indeed, extraordinary. Yet before I had quitted the deok I resolved to take command, though to hold my peace till tho morning that my importance might gain by the crew's anxiety. I was largely influenced by tho presence of Kate Darnley. But for tbat girl I don't know that I should have been quick in deciding. The past had como strongly upon me whilst I considered what to do. I lived again with bor at Blatbford though her holiday time there. Sho had passed out of my mind when she left, but this sudden unex pected meeting gave a sharpness to all the lines and tracings of memory. It is always so; you know a man slightly in your own country ; he slips out of recollection ; you meet liim abroad, the farther away the better for the sentiment of recollection ; scores of trivial things come back, And there may spring up a lasting friendship be tween you. Meot the same man at home and you'd pass htm by. Kato Darnley's being on board was like an eloquent separate appeal to mo to take ohargo of tho ship. Then there was tho safety of the crowd of poor women to think of. I judged I had no need to fear the men. The situation had come about quite honestly. There had been no violence, no mutiny. Certain disasters bad left the ship's company without a navigating head. They had thought their condition over and decided to people an unin habited island of which, to be sure, there was no lack in those days in the seas they wished me to Bteer them into. The women who had agreed to settle down with them doubtless knew what they were doing. "SVhat sort of lot was to be theirs in Australia? In a South Pacific island they might flourish into a free, happy and prosperous community. As to marriage : Brigstock was right wben lie implied tbat the patriarchal government of Pitcairn and Tristan was all himself and followers needed. Besides, how long would they need to wait for tho heroic missionary with his blessing of legi timacy. Thus ran my thoughts whilst I smoked the cigar, sometimes sitting, sometimes- taking a turn about the cabin, once opening tbe door to listen, having caught the sound of men's voices singing out and the echo in the planks of coils of gear flung down. I never questioned if I refused the command that Brigstock would get a navi gator by such another stratagem as bad decoyed me. And bow would the crew use me then ? Would they tranship mo and so enable .me to start the first propelled pennon we signalled after them ? Beiug thirsty, I took a match and stepped into the pantry, where I found some bottles of claret and brandy, and they had filled tbe vinegar jar with rum. I knocked the head off a claret bottle and drank half a tumbler of the wine ; it was a cool drink and smelt like a nosegay. I then ato tbe remains of the cold chicken,and thus refreshed went back into my cabin, where I lighted a second cigar, resolved to make tbe very best of the state I found myself in. Nothing stirred in the cuddy saving the leaps of the shadows with the abrupt swing of the lamp when tbe ship came in a reeling heave to windward, then- fell along on the slant of the under rushing sea with a forest full of whistlings and wild beast cries in ber rigging. I caught all sounds through tbe lee open lid of tbe skylight, and knew by tbem and by tho play under foot tbat the ship was doing a fair twelve under the meteoric dance of the moon and stars midst the breaks of tbe sweeping shadows. Brightening the lamp, cigar in mouth, I nicely overhauled a second time the eon- tents of this sea bedroom. The chrono meters were by a renowned maker; tbe sextants costly, shining, beautiful instru ments ; all the mathematical gear of the best Everything essential to the eornplete equipment of a navigator of those days, whon, of course, tbe sea science lacked the exquisite mechanic expression it now possesses — though I allow you no more skill in the mariners of to day — was here. AIab ! the dark hours of poor Halcrow' passage home would gather a deeper dye from thoughts of his pro- perty gone adrift, perhaps never more to be beard of. I opened the log book, and went through the entries, and again looked at tbe ship's papers and tried to reokon tbe value of the property in the hold from tho particulars I glanced at "Was it the wine, or wob it the imagination inspired by tbe contents of the tin box ? It is suro my spirits were at this hour of six bolls in a little dance. By my heart ! thought I, but here, in this morning's treacherous entrapment of me, have I found such a professional obance as, not having the wits to conceive it, I should not have known how to pray for ? If I safely bring this fine ship to port, what should— what must bo my reward ? Surely nothing less than the command of her next voyage, not to men tlon my claim as salvor. And then, thought I, there is Kate Darnley. . . And then there is Kate Darnley. . . . I yawned and laughed, pat out the light, kioked off my shoes and sprang into my bunk. Yet, wearied as I had imagined myself, I lay awake for an hour, and when I fell asleep I dreamt tbat, being alone with Kate Darnley in tho ship, I found Cadman in hiding under the cuddy table. He made off with Kato in a quarter boat, and I gave ebase in the Earl of Leicester. He drew me to the Great Salvage Island, then vanished, and the ship went ashore. I landed, and tbe first sight I beheld was Mr. Fletcher, of Bristol, hanging on a gibbet on tho spot of cliff over whose edge he had hurled me. 1 was aroused by the strong, shivering light. Looking though the porthole, I saw the long seas, of a soft blue, lifting in flashes and chas- ing gently ; the curl of them showed a failing wind. My portbolo was a disc of brilliant morn ing. I peeped into the cuddy, and saw the ordinary seaman Gougor wiping down a bulk head. I asked him to fetch me a backet of salt water, and he complied as briskly as although be had signed under me. After a refreshing soapless sea wash I pulled on my slop wide awake, got into my slop jaoket, and went through the ouddy door on to the quarter deok. It was like turning a corner into a busy street. Five or six seamen were washing the decks down, scrubbing the plank and sluioing the bright brino out of huokets. I looked aloft ; the ship was clothed in canvas to the truoks ; the yards were braced a little forward on the starboard tack ; the weather clew of the mainsail was up, and tho vessel slowly bowing, was moving like a body of sun touched vapor over the waters. It put new heart into my resolution to take command when I saw how faithfully the ship's duty was being carried on, lords of themselves as tho crew were; the aight gave me a high opinion of Brigstook's influence and power of mind. A great number of women were on deck- perhaps 40 or 50. I glanced swiftly here and there for Kate Darnley. Standing In the doorway of the ouddy, shadowed by the ledge or break of tbe poop under which, oxactly over my head, was a clock indicating tho hour of 7 (guesswork time, of oonrse, sceiug they had been 11 days without an observation), I was not for somo time noticed. Tho women stood hero and thcro looking out to sen, or talk ing, or marching up and down abreast, and somo 10 or 12 wero walking upon the fore castle. I observed that tho men bade tbem get oat of tbe road in tbe blunt speech and manner of tho ocean; there was no familiarity in their manner of oalllng to the women, no laughter, no "cbaff." They went on with their work as though the taut eyo of a chief mato was overseeing them from the break of tho poop, and the women would step aside to get out of the way of the wator or the scrubbing brushes without any of thoso Airs of alley or area coquetry you might have expected in females of their class whon addressed by. men, and when all wero in a situation unrestricted by quarter deck government. I found on now looking tbat I had been right in supposing the women's ages to vary from 18 to 30. Some were delicato pretty girls ; others coarse and hoavy featured. One who stood not far from me was pale and flabby faced, with a goddess's figure. Hard by stood 6nc of your rolling, saucy, hand on hip, laughing girls with white teeth, and a dark, slurp, darting eye. You'll easily get the picture by figuring two scoro or bo of cooks and house maids, domestio servants of a superior sort ; here and there a woman whoso looks suggested the milliner, hero and there a woman with drawn, contemplative pale face of a lady-like figure hinting at the governess ; conceive these on tbe deok of a ship, moving in groups out of the way of the men who are washing down. Tbe shawls, bonnet?, hats and gowns wero of many fabrics, shapes and tints; most of the girls, it seemed, had come to sea in shabby finery. Tbey flew feathers; Brummagem fal-lals danced in their ears, and brooohed and pinned, and even ringed some of them ; and though they had been in one Another's company for weeks, and by this time probably know exactly the nature and extent of one another's wardrobes, they'd still glance critically at a pass ing figure, eye her from hAt to heel, look from her to their own dress with downward sweeping glances all critically, as though, by heaven! they were taking the children for an airing in the park ; as though the giant Life Guardsman was close at lmnd; as though, forsooth, all were well with the ship— captain and officers hearty and alert, the voyage as jolly as o drive to a tea garden for a romp there. But it's always thus with women ; tho troubles they find hardest to bear are those they expect. As I stepped out of the ouddy door the female whom Kate Darnley had oalled Hannah Oobbs, tbematron, mounted the hatoh ladder, and look ing up at the poop, nodded and smiled and kissed her hand. I supposed there was some friend of her sex there, and, making three or four steps forward, I took a backward peep, but saw no one save Brigstock, who was stand ing at the bead of the poop stairs. Good mercy i thought I, is it possible she's bis ohoico? Her ago was about 40 ; her thin, bile-darkened face was striking because of its long, lean, high- perched Roman nose ; her eyes were a pale green ; her lips a mere stroke ; her forehead bare even to the suggestion of baldness, but upon either cbeck and against either ear there sat a substantial curl of black' hair like a beor bottle with its neck hidden. She was as fiat as a wall up and down her, respectably attired in a large bonnet and grey gown, whose cut from tbe waist was the outline of a candle extinguisher. Sho came out of the hatch and went towards the galley. Brigstock, seeing me, called out, 41 Good morning, sir." I answered with a flour ish of ray band, and went aloug the deok looking here and there, for I wanted to seo the Bhip. But by this timo I was perceived by the girls, one of whom — a strange little figure, very short, slightly hunchbacked, with a humorous squint-, and a tight twist of scarlot hair at the b&ek; of her head uuder her hat — approached me in a sort of jumping walk across tbe deck and planted herself in my path. 44 Are you the capting, sir? " she cried, speak ing harshly and thickly, . with a cold in her head. 44 Not yet," I replied, with a look round at the women, who, 15 or 20 of them, were gather ing about roe even in tbe instant of the red headed girl's accost. 44 "We was booked to go to Orstralia," she ex claimed, 41 and I s'y it's a beastly shame that we ain't to be taken there, all along of our having no orficers, and the commin sailors findin' creatures— women I'll not call them — willing to take up and settle down with 'em in parts which isn't in our way at all. What I s'y is this," she continued with a fiery nod of her head at every word, 44 if we ain't to be took to Orstralia sail us back 'ome." 44 Miss Oobbs!" bawled Brigstook from the break of tbe poop, 41 there's Miss 'Arvey at her old joke of worrittin' again. Clear tbe road for the capt'n, will 'ee, ; Miss Cobbs ? He can't answer no questions. And won't tbo ladies let him walk for his hentertain- ment?" 44 Take us 'ome, I s'y,4! screamed Miss Har vey at Brigstock, with sueh a lift of hump and butting poise of head as transformed the poor soul into the unsightlieBt woman I had evor seen. 44 If yer don't me&n; to sail us to Orstralia, take us 'ome. That's what I s'y. Is there e'er a man here savin' them I won't be so demeaned as to name that wishes to be carried into parts that ain't in the way we settled and pnid for? I know the law 1" she sorearoed. 44 We've cot the nerfiokest rieht to exneot the new capt'n, who stands hero listonin4, either to sail us to Orstralia or carry us 'ome." "Do you 4ear what Miss 4Arvey says," cried out a strongly built young woman, with a scowling, hanging face ami the luoka of a Jewess with her lemon oheekB and thick eye brows. 44 He calls bisself a man 1" she yelled, pointing in a most insolent, derisive manner At Brigstock, and then bursting into a loud hysterical laugh. 44 We ask to be carried to Australia or took 'ome. Why don't him and his dirty sailors do it !" 44 Now, M!sb Harvey, and you, Mi9a Mark, wo don't want any trouble, and least of all noise, if you please," here exclaimed Miss Cobba, tho matron, thrusting in with tho decision and peremptoriness of a fomale warder, speaking and looking, indeed, with an air as though she had learned her art in a prison ; her voice was high, keen and penetrating, and she stared as thongh sho felt a power of control in her eyes. 44 The females in this ship have no call to make any trouble of what has happened. What' come about is not owing to Mr. Brigstock or the sailorB. Alt who hear me know that this ship has been unable to make any progress since we lost sight of the vessel the captain went into. Woaro now fortunate in meeting with a gentle man who will help us." She sank mo an old fashioned curtsey with a smirk and a coy droop of the oyolids, 44 If there are parties who in tend to be set on shore before tbey reaoh Aus tralia, their wishes have nothing to do with those who desire to get to New South Wales. Perhaps, sir," she exclaimed, addressing me, "you will kindly tell thoso young persons that Australia's just as easily reached by the passage of those seaa in which the sailors and others hope to settle tnemselvcs as by tho oidin&ry; course round tho Gape of Good 'Ope." 44 Thero are more roads than one to Austra lia," said I, struck by ber volubility and readi ness. Tho women bad gathered around in a crowd, of which Miss Gobbs and I formed tbe cen tre. Wherever I glanced I met the gaze of dark eyes, blue eyes, brown eyes, somo soft, appeal ing, timid ; others on fire with ouriosity and wonder, others fretful and distrustful. But who can find termB for the subtloties of women's faces ? 44 What I s'y is, first land ua girls in Aus tralia, tbem as wishes to get there," ex claimed Miss Sarah Harvey, fastening her humorous squint upon tbe matron, though her posture and looks wholly belied the sug gestion of mirth in her perfidious eyes, 44 and then tho others may do as they jolly well please." 4 4 Make room for the gentleman to see theship, " exclaimed Miss'Cobbs. I pressed forward and drove cleAr of tho poor girls, who broke up as before iuto parties, though they now talked loudly and confusedly. Brig stock, who had watched the proceedings on the plain deok from the poop, called to Miss Oobbs, who instantly tnrned and went to him. Hero and thcro a sailor, stooping at his work of coil ing, scrubbing, swabbing, as it might be, would lift his head and eyo mo askant, but always respectfully, I thouggt, though I found an uneasy anxiety and ouriosity in two or threo of them. Thoso I had not before seen seemed decent, quiot men, muoh suoh' as had Bwung in tho forcoastlo of tho Caro line. There yet remained a good store of live stock in tbo ship ; tho coop was half full of poultry ; noma pigs wero stied undor tho Jong- boat, and in tho long boat were a number of sheop. I loolccd into the galloy ; it was large and clean, And furnished for tho needs of many souls. Tho oook, as I supposed tho man to be, stood with his back to the door talking oarnostly to a woman. She listened to him with hor arms folded, and with a smilo of affcotlonato attention. Hor sharp black eyes above his shoulders saw mo pcoring in ; she touched his bare arm, and he turned to look at me. I passed oo, tasting a strong smell of cocoa and baking bread in the wind, and gained tho forecastle. A few women walking here eyed me earnestly, and ooked as though tbey must speak, but I put on a figurehead of a face, keeping my eyes steadfastly bent seawards, and they held their pence. A small barque was in sight on tbo weather bow, heading away from us, close hauled, iuto tho north and west, too far off to speak, though I thought I saw a spot of oolor at hor gaff end. Sho showed like somo winter fancy of frost iu the blue air, with sparkles upon her dead whiteness as of the colored lights in snow upon ice. Sho was sliding along fast, and was probably a Yankee, bound from round tho Horn to a port in tho States. Being wishful so to view tbe Esrl of Leicester as to get tbat.sort of notion of the fabric which was to bo obtained by looking at her at a dis tance, I sprang on to the bowsprit and got out on the jibboom end, where, catching hold of the stay, I hung somo five or ten minutes, gazing aft. A noble, inspiriting sight ! Faraway beneath me, the metalled forefoot, bright with yellow sheath ing, was shearing through theclearbluo brino ; the whito water coiled away from the glittering stem in very hawsers of foam, tbeir strands of glittering snow opening finger like as they raced aft ; the breezo was failing, but it was still a wind ; the sunlight streamed full upon the canvas, which swelled in breasts of cream past one another, crowding a wide space of the brilliant morning sky to where tho gilt balls of the trucks invited the gaze to the pearly Bpaces of the royals. I had a clear view of the dcoks under the aroh of tho courses, and saw the women walking on the quarter-deck, and Brigstock watching mo from tho wcAthcr side of the poop, and tho helmsman right aft rising and falling against tbe blue lino of tho ocean, with much lovely tingcing of the mauy lustrous colors by tho play of the shadows. Such a smart littlo ship as she looked from tbat jibhoom end, with nothing looking but an After quarter-boat, the horizon, risen by my altitude to midway, her mizzenmast deGning her into a very miracle of toy-liko minuteness with its background of soft heaving blue ! But what is there in ink to give you tho spirit of what I saw, the salt smells of the ocean that sweetened it, the swell that gave a rhythm, and . tho wind a music to it, and the Boaring sun in tho east that glorified it?. ' I slided inboards, went down the forecastle ladder, and walked aft. Brigstook crossed to the lee side of the poop, and bawled out iu his grave note, ""What d'jer think of her, sir?" I answered with a nod of appreciation. You need not go to seA long to learn how to talk to & sailor without speaking to him. A littlo crowd of women had gathered at the galley door, ail with a sort of big hook pots and tin dishes ; it was breakfast time for the 'tween deoks, and those girls wero the mesB women for the day. I liked to see this disoiplino of Dr. Bolt's time kept going. It spoke well for Brigstock and the matron ; for all bands, indeed. As I made my way aft, ouriouslybut silently eyed by. those whom I passed, I e&w; Kate Darnley, She stood olose to the foot of the poop ladder. Beside her, as though the group had been conversing, were three or foar of the few refined looking girls ; the word for them would havo been 44 genteel" in those times. They drew away as I advanced lifting my bat with a shoregoing bow. Kate's faoo was in a glow at sight of me. 44 1 looked about at once for you," said I, holding her band somewhat demonstratively, that all who watched us might understand she was my friend. 44 Come on to the pofip. I don't like to think of you as making one of this muddle of slaveys and shop joys. You muBt have & cabin in the cuddy there." 44 No," she answered quickly and with resolu tion. 44 Favoritism of that sort would oreato ill feeling. But wo can talk of that by and bye. Are you in command ?" 41 Not yet." ""Why notyot?"ahe exclaimed. 44 "What are we to do without you?" I looked at tho clook over the cabin door and said, 44 1 havo yot ten minntes to decide in. I promised Brigttook," here I glanced up and saw him overhanging tho rail looking at me, 44 an answer by 8. What shall I tell him?" said I, smiling into ber eyes, whioh had grown spiritless with her changed counte nance. 44 Advise! You must take command, of course. Don't you know tbe horrible situation we Are placed in by being without officers? I don't mean only the helplessness of tho orew, who know nothing of navigation. Tho men have found women who aro witling to settle do\h on an island with them, and their intention is to bunt about for a suitable spot without oaring one jot," she cried, with some passion, "what becomes of thoBO who are left in tho ship." 44 1 know all about it," I answerod softly and soothingly. 44 I'll take command, if it'B only because you're .on board. And you and I will arrango," said I still softly, with another glance at Brigstook, 44 when tho fools of seamen and women have loft tho ship, to carry her into safety." 44 Mr. Morgan," sung down Brigstock, 44 ain't it eight bells yet ?" 44 Just upon it," I answered, 14 aud I'm rendy for you. We'll moot again shortly,'" said I to the girl, ' whose eyes were alight again. Sho went to tho main batch for ber break fast in the 'tween decks, and I stepped into the cuddy. (To be continued . ) 