IN THE BIG BUSH- . " sling the wire." < \ Br TstsxAcncs- "DntlGya tlcndl". "Daddy who!" "SlioB-the-wIre." .Goto 1" Titos the news vu Riven -and received, and Jem Johnson meant, no blasphemy nor O unbelief, nc even disrespect by bin ntranfio v expletive. That SUnc the Wire should be dead-'was to- him a fact io utterly atianco and amazing he could not express himself in any erdmary lcrms. Or rather perhaps be let his soul out In tbo first words that came to his llp«- . " - V , - ' Last night," laid tho other fellow, in th« shcopwaah but." "There now!" ' " Ves,'-' Then wo both dismounted and entered tho hut— a long stoD table cown -the centre, a uoublo row of banks on either side. Beyond, n bit of a cookshop, tutd on a broad table there, whereon the cook hod often hewed sheep into chops and moulded his mighty loaves, a somotblng boneath a blue blanket. Xhero was nothing irrovorcnt about Jem as he bared his head, stopped softly and palled the blanket away. ... Then wc saw M SHng the Wire"— all that wasleftofhlm. It was not much; about five feet two of tho oldest seeming humanity "eyes ever beheld. 1'lesh all gone, teolh all gone, eye lids khut'over sockets from which tbe cyea soctned torn or worn away. A bare scalp, looking like a skull ono might pick up on a hot plain, hair thb color of dead wool, lying llkoapateh cut from an old fleece on Upa and chin, and falling Iftck from tho skull-Ilka head on tho roogh boards. Tho whole body wrapped Iu a long sun-rusted coat, the very sama he had worn when I met him seven years lioforo. I hnd met him before, yes, and had learned something of his storyi and propose to set it dowti hero because in his latest years " SHng the Wire" was ono who linked tho present with Australia's very first year of whlto occupation. IIo was old as our history— no ,man knew how old. IIo had tho haziest notions on tho subject him self. I should think that hu must havo overpassed four score aud ton, for beseemed clearly to know of tho time when tho Blno Mountsius shut in tlio infant colony, and all the inuer land woro peopled and - pictured by fancy alone. I me htm first— it was early in tho eighties— by a gate in fenoe whore tbo so far uamiatakeable track .bifurcated. He looked terribly old then, and fearfully and wonder fully dirty. Ho had thosamoold dead wool mat of bair about lips and chin, tho same tangled elf looks hanging down ou the sarno old coat. When he lifted his marvellous cabbage trco bo displaycda dirt-caked poll anil a face wboso Innumerable wrinkles wero tiliod with the dost of the plains accurately as those of any ancient dsmoof fashion with enamel or peart powder. The dirty condition would not havo occasioned sor. prise, for it is Tory common amongst olu hands in the bush. I know ono instanco at a shcopwash of an bid fellow who had some pottering job about the yards, and persisted ot tuckor tlmo iu handling tho joints "wid his fists," and ncvor washed. Tho othor fellows remonstrated and then complained to tho " boss." "You might havo a slufee down oncoa day, 'anyhow," said tho boss. Old BUI replied, " It's time I was goin' further baelc. There's too much wasbln' and fooliu' hero. It used to be enough for a man to wash wheoever begot his cheque." " Sltng-tho- Wire" did not open the goto, but stood In bis long cost, leaning on bis lougstlckv conning me as I looked np one track and down the other, uncertain which t' to take. 2 had said good day, and ho had mnmblod something in reply. Now it was necessary to ask abont tbo tracks. " Which of these tracks makes the river ixoad?!' . ' What's your wire !" It was the first bint of the peculiarity which cave him hla name. I guessed his meaning, aud replied, M I want to make tbo railway aurvoyor's camp." ".Ah I Then, you slings your wire this way." 1'ou takes that track and you makes to that -pine o1 timber. You takss that on yonr back, loavoi tho track and slings your wiroihen straight down to tbo river Umber. Whenyoncomcsnigh ityouecosaoponiog.and a little further o'nblg balah. Just round that " is the big bond, and tbero's th camp. See!" "Yci." . "That's your who then." And without farther - Words bo turned and went away. Shuffling over tbo plaio with tno old coat about his heels, back rounded, bead bowed— nover iu tho world I thought did a figure answer so well to that description of Chamuso't, of tho buyer of Peter Schlomil's shadow— an dnd of thread which a tailor has cast out of his necdlo. Tho camp was duly made, and we worked away for a week or more. I had been ill, aud a sensible doctor said, 41 Get out in ibe bush and work hard for a spell." An old "into had been appointed to survey U'l Hue, and that mado the opportunity. Tho dootor's was really good advice and may as woll bo passed on. To any man who wants a taste of real bush life, ta gain in formation, tosatUfy cunosity, or to build up new Ufo tliero is nothing Hbo a spell in a survcyor'n camp. Got a friend to put you on his staff as a workinau and— work. Drag the chaiu, blaze troos, raako aud drive pegs, learn to pitch and striko a tent, and on Snudaya and holidays rattlo away to tbo ueareit township, aud prove tho truth of the old lloratian proverb— U2)ule«ett detipert in loco. " Learn how rising suns and moons appear . when they cotne over an eastern bar uu- brokcu-oh on a placi.d sea, and if It be In you when the stars sbtno out at night, and the world ia very still, get to yourself a HUIo of the sentiment which Hrucst Pavcnc, poet and exptoror, kuow when ho wrote hisoxqulsite verse to the genie of Austraiiasaolitude. But this i not " Sling the Wire." I was sitting ou a pine log smoking one night, a hundred yards from the camp, when, sud denly camo, " Good day, "and there, leaning on DU stick was the little old man. 44 You slung that wire aU right!" 44 Oh yes." 41 1 want a pot of tea." 44 Go dovru to the cook then." "That's my wire." 1 followed down an hour later, the evening was cold and calm, and bright. Dry pino lugs had been tlircwu on the solid fire of box, vvhich burned always from the pitching to the striking of tho camp, «nd a ruddy blazu leapt high. Tho while tents showed clearly, tho trees a little beyond them wero iutsuiely. black. Tho bronzed-besrded hardy fellows lying about uotnod grouped for an artist, hut bolt upriuht on a waler-keg at the littlo oln man, and bcaldo him on his swag, his head bowed to his knees, on old Traveller. Slinn-the-Wlre was ' rocking % "some thing" which will not bo found in any of the book. If memory would sorvo one could not print th whole of it, and indeed it was mostly rubbub, though at times so bitter ml vigorous as to how tho working of a powerful mind. Itwa the ryhmed story of a "Prisoner's tour to Hell," " Tin. hero' valour had been tried Upon the highway before died. At U„gth i„ dea.f, 1„- M| a pwv 44 "'eh oroved Li him a happy dav. Uownwnid hn bcot I. ateps untold Until be cant tudatao fold." Satau, of course, would havo none of liim. Ho was a man to be comforted, - not tor mented, aod so.waa-aent oh . tbo upward track. Having arrived at tho gate ha ... ' Knocked so loud upon the wicket ' . That Perer cried, Cotun, where' your ticket '/ " " Tho old mau on ' -tho : swag looked up with aouaolng leor. ' Ah I If ho hadn't i got that he was crooked 1 " "Yes, said the narrator, "he'dslungawroag ftira then," and proceeded— -c "Orifyou'vncu'.nonetoslinw ' 6 .Is there aoybody here vim know ? " The gcnltciiinn admitted chat he knew— Tohnny Tniy, and Wilkin, loo, Old Den, arid bold Jack Dmiohue. And many more, whi-xe backs were mangled. Or wbotn Lontr Tom, the hangman, etraugled. Peter regarded this as sufficient qualifica tion anil uubarrcd the door, after which tlio narration . heciiuo somewhat blnsnbemous and very tame. It was eagerly listened to, however,' aod when towards midnight tho oldtnau said ho would sling his wire for -the station,- tho cook invitod him to "do in a tent." lie said lio would carop by tho fire and did. . But lraforo euntiae he had taken his dcpirturo. - III) camo aloug again on a Sunday, and I wds'alone in thc-ediiip, writing. . ' 44 You're xvirc aint ibe bush allays!". . "No." - : "1 could toll that by your blazes on the trees." . " What's the matter with them!" " If you'd slime your wire like titat along with tho Major, souny, you'd havo had fifty: foe breakfast overy morning. - . " Who was the Major !'' "Aht you didu't know htm; I did." (Aud he tueuied to curl his shoulders as be- poke.) ."Idono twelve momhs with tbo Major, cook's mate." . 4 Wbo wrote tho verses you wore spouting tbo other night!". 44 Ah! that was Frank, the poet. Frank' Macaamara's wiro that was." 44 You'vo beou a long timo in the world,' Daddy!" ' "Yea," aod ho sucked hard At an empty pipe- ; A bis plug of tobacco- accompanied thet question : " Whcu did you-coino out !" "Dunno.. I slnqg my wiro first Iu Lunnon. All smart men slings their wiro fust iu Lunnou. Ktus Gcorgo was Governor then, and his wiro was tb seud smart mcti to Port Jackson. Some of tho otiiors said Port Phillip, but King George his wiro was Port Jackson. Xcomo to Port Jackson." "What year!" "Duooo. , But It was afore Governor Macquaric. IIo built the Ruin Hospital, amllcarricd bricks." \ " Whcro did you work first!'? " The first mau had me was a farmur ucar the old parson's place, at Parramatta. Par son used to preach on Sundays and flog on Mondays. Tuesdays he'd go dswn -the rtvor fishing— I'x'o pulled hlhi." This wasfragmcnUry,and Isoonfoundthat only a few isolated peaks and capes stood out through tho hozo of his momory of that , period. _ Ho crossed tnc mountains with - tbo third party, IIo thought' it xyas tho third, party,, aod " slung his wire "n- in Madge xou itfy with Captain Deano. ': " '0 U QJj ! it was a country fit for a. man to >li4 Uk-iiliuu ; grass as big as salt bush and '&\i bitsit big as box. I was hat-kooplng." . 4 Lazy Ufo hutkccpiog?" , - " You over sliug your wire at h'utkeep- ingl" ' "No." 41 And you can't put a Btraight hl&zo; on a tree. ' Shall I give you . the wirev about hutkeeping!" " Yea." ... " A butkcopcr's wire them times was to watch five of 'cm. The sKoep. and tho shop- herd, the dincoc,an' the blacks, and ihoboss. Sometimes one was the .- worst, sometimes1 another. He had. to cook -tlio shepherds', tucker in tbo morning, leastways to bol!< th billy, for we dldn'c uie tb 'cook more'n onco & weok then. He had to hamp all tbo hurdles, and fix 'cm ou a clean camp; then to wheel tbo dog box along. The dog. box was a but on wheels; .both. of you. camped there, and the hntkeepcr had. io watoh the sheep till morning. Pra'ps -hai didn't keep awako.aU . night, but if thd! dingoes got into - tha yard, or tho blaoks speared thoaheop, he slnng a bad wiro and was'eroolied with tbo boss. 44 What then!" 14 Maybe twenty-five, may be fifty.1' " Hard lines." V Yes, sonny, if you aluuga bad wire them days; tbo lines was hard. Then, may bo, you' didn't sling tlio same wiro as tho shepherd,- and life was loucoomo. 1 was hut- kccplug.- with. Big Hcoity, and- wo didu't apeak, for more'n two years, IIo hanged hhuolf to a brigalow aftor.". , ''Cbnld anybody floe thdn! " No, tho boss must sliug the wire to his niatb. . If yba ktiowod it you bolted, but if you didn't > you was .crooked— Ilka Jemmy Mutlias. II was -iho best cook ou tbo Bogan, but he onvor would make a Christ., mat duff, , Ho siting :a bid wire that way once. His trnss .was a hard 'un, and whon Jemmy asked for stuff for Christmas he counted him out ten pluin. There was ton of thorn in tho hilt. Jemmy cooked tho' boss's doff, and serv/vl it up to bis mates, and put the ten plums in another and that went in to the bow. Tno boss laucbed over it, but next day ho aaya to Jommy, 44 You'll have to travel down to Dawzou's, Jemmy ; they've got a spreo on, and want the loan of you. You'll got plenty of grog no doubt, and give Mister Dawson this uote. Jemmy stung a bad wiro because that note was a order for fifty, and thoy tied him up to a dray wheel and served him. He wouldn't mix a duff after that if ho hanged, £o£j So tho old man xvould yarn by night 9rJji, the tout onSuudaya'idaslio talkelUwij marvellous how old historic iigurus aeoinod to appear aud hvo again, lie was of no us if you cam to dates. Ho was "lsggoilj'> before Waterloo. He didn't kuow whkt (or,' but ho reckoned lis aiuug a good wire thou. Ho remembered being kicked out of doors and 44 dossing " under cover when ho could get It. London was a cold hungry, crowded place, aud there wn» always pleuty oi suushino and meat in Au»- tralia. livery mau's win? was to coma tn Port Jackson, if ho would ouly sliug it. Traveller had told him tboro were folks settled iu Port Phillip now, but travellers wero liars mostly. lie had a mlml to sling his wire that far— but who would shepherd the rams if ho was away ! "Safe journey'4 said he as I said good bye that tlmo, and 44 don't you cot off the Major's old lino when you get into the moontains, or you'll sling a bad wire." Ho had never seen tlio railway, scarcely liolieved in its omstencu, fur all news canto to him by .travellers, aud all travellers to him wero liars. In yst another Spring J saw him again, A cold had crept into Ins old lungs, and sat downthore. AH his bones seemed to rattlo as ho coughed, and you might woll imtglne nose and ohm would prexoutly knock to- gather. Ho hail crawled from thu homo station to tho camp lu a mortal terror, for " tho boss," 44 tho manager of the station," had proposed in tood him into hospital. Ho could notdtassociato tho ideas of hospital and gaol. It meant confinement and restraint. It cuino over him xvlth an Indefinable horror. As soon as it was dark he 44 slung his wire" niralffbt out for tho built, aud when the cold came on him ho saw tho light of tho camp fires and mado down to them. He Is/ thero when thu cook turned our, aud " Doctor, " said ho tothe cook, yon speak a rood wnrd for mo to your boss and let tno lay alongside the fire at night, aud I'll sliug my wiro into tho sorubon tiro ridge at day light, or, may be, he'd give me a jobpoiut- Ingpega. I cau't go amongst them vralls, Doctorj.I should die. It ain't my wiro, you soo, oovcr was.4 :< bo the cook told when lie brought in breakfast. Old Dad cam uo later, shiver- Ins fearfully, and was liaidly steadied by a half-psnnikin ol rum. lie ceruinly .would havo died had any attempt boon made to ro- movo htm to the township. . I'd allag my wire there, said he, if they'd let me. camp in one place— Where's that ! 41 Tout's BUly Samson's dead house." . Where they pot, the. druuks aud dead beats! " Jess so. I'd find travellers there, aod I could pitch and givirthem the wire where to make lor; aud IliUy, hewobldu'tiee me short of a bit of damper, lllaling my wire down to Billy's." " You'll dio on the road.'' " What for !" It was a. hard question, and romaincd unanswered. , After & momout's silence, he spoke again, brightening. " I'll leave Billy this turn. Thoro s old Sam up the river ; he s got a tree xvlth room iu.lt for two, _ _ l'il nling myrairo to Sam's, and woll, doss together. ; An' old King Jerry, ho'U get us 'possums if Sam can't koteh fish..'- : , . . " Stay with tho cook till to-morrow," said tho. boss, and that evening we both xvcot' down to the home station. The manager fcltnoihlng but kindness for poor, old Dad, but. he was bad, liud tbe hospital seemed tho only placo for him. "I should bo 'blackguarded by every rag., of, a newspaper tu Riverina if I lot. him '.die in the hut, said Iro, though God knows he's welcome to them all. Ho won't rost, either, unless he thinks he is doing something, and what's he fit for, except a coffin?'' It was a rough sort of kindness, but tho word coffin suggested probably, tbeceinetery. Thero was a little fenced enclosure of that sort on the run, and was it not poMlble for "Old Dad" to tako chargo of it ? Somothing like. .sotting him to din his own grave, it seemed, but tho idea took. The old man re garded it as final dclivcrauco from all dread of the hospital, aud wont to work, and began to get better. Ho know notbiug about garticniup ; Ids only notion was to plant iree3 um) flowers. Ho could boa tho beauty ou uny patch of tho asnd-rtdgo, and would aay to liim&olf;, 14 We must have that ia ins grave garden." And so ho rooted up young myalls and mulga and wilga and brigalow, with clematis aod native flowers innumerable, aod carried thorn down and set them about tho graves. And enough grew to fill tbo placo and make it beautiful. . In tbe evening ho would 44 sling bis wire " to the huts or tho travellers camps and pitch, there to young Hanaro men aud 'youths from the Guulburn, aud new obuuis and dead beats from the city, exchanging occasionally a few words in an unknown tongue with somo aocicnt, whoso face bowrayed him clearlyas wauid tho seams and furrowa of his bared back. No ono molested him, uotoveu the larrikins who como down like ghouls and vampires into thu sweet aud lovely sauctu- artcsof Rlvoriua's Spring. Ho seemed to bo the samo as of- old, but in a yoar or two the station haddi noticed that he 448lnng his wiro" more furiously thau ever. . Tho quaint, incomprcheuaibl phroso, picked up uo inau knew how, seemed to tako possession of bim. New hands on cite nvor used io seek him out as a sort of curiosity, but those who knew him bettor had ontyone ./ear, which was that Bis reason would wholly glvo way before his , Hfo'a thread snapped. Perhaps it did. This at least is what happonedi on the night before the £1)9 morning when Jem Johnson aod I saw thimin tbe but. It was earty Spring aod wet, and yot 'another cold bad laid siago to tho poor .'old citadel of, his life.. Ho coughed himself to pieces almost as ho sat by the fire, and a foolliK follow said, " Yon'll have to sling ,yourwire to that hospital yot, Dad." It.was seen immediately that tho words awLkd'tbu old horror, and the more sensible of he men scowled and cursed deeply as the old fellow, gathersd himself together and cropt away to his bunk. .- Still nobody thought anything would happen.;- All hand turnod in by ten, and thoy said lie was asleep. He smothered bis couch till near midnight, then orept from his bunk, carrying a single blanket, and so .putjof tho hut into tho niuht. Possibly he had mado up his mind to seek tho empty hut at tlio uheopwash : more likoly lib was only Hying away from tho walls and doors and imacihary bolts and bars ot tho hoipltal. it . was an early Sprine night, with a full moon and a few sura. - Long lush grass had alrwtdy sprung on all tho plains by tho river. ; The dew was heavy, dud beforo tbo dawu had ; almost ,-been transformed into hoar frost. - He went by the. cemotery and seemed to kayo hatted there. Easy to tell what' -ho'-; pondered, through that halt.. ' IIo ' passed . through tho horse (uddocic, where all the groat myalls shouo as trues of frosted silver. -Ho turned inland at tho long reach. .He would too .the boat coining down - then with Ivor gigantic eyes of firo, and snort and bark of eugtnecriug and beat bt paddles.- She. might seem a demon tn Ids disordered fancy/ or' he might simply fear that some of the hands would recognise 'Jiliu.---.' i.' threaded his way betweeu 4f 'Adams; Swamp"- and the river, and seemed to havo Slurried. Adam's ghost is seen there, at times. Adam, who got D.T'a. at the shanty and hung himself from the dead baUh. He crossed the sheep bridgo and seemed to havo jested a bit ou a whlto log by u high bank of tho river. You cui always hear the (shepherd's companion there, aiul lils aill may have como seductively, temptingly over the dark awift stream. On again over Paddy's plain, and tho day must have been about breaking then, and the jackass would bo booting and the magpie bffftnniug hi earliest carols, andthonalivo companions. craping about by the swamps would uliutiiter through the grey, ghost- liko uiid weird. Ho, on and on, 44 by glimmering wold and weald," th littlo old husk of humanity, the hit of thread which the tailor had now indeed cutout of his uccdlu, went shulilitigalotic. Tiro sheep-wash is at the lagcon at the onduf Paddy's Plain. Aad round sbou: all tho black pools, bilting here and thoro, went the track. Over tlio bush herbage, brushing away tho dtw, breaking down stalks and leaves. You cuuid xee that tho Dsvil had tempted him all along tho dreary road, but he h id made up his mind to "shou agoodwire" for lire last. Perhaps he lay down to sleep— doubtless hu was very weary—slrctchml himself on tlio hoards, drew tlm Mauket ovur hlsf.ico end slept a we all mutt elttep at last. And so otidod a huudreil years of Ufa beguti in tho days when Georgo the Third had only begun to roign ; and in the slums of Loudon, running through the whole period of Australian development, and gathuriug notbiug therefrom, nor, so far as could he learned, doiug auv man any harm or wrong. How he picked up the strange phrase which named him. no man seemed to know, but when it came to the business of registration ami burial no other name could bo fouud. He scorned the last of a dead race. He had no correspondence, ho business, no acquaintances or friends who could toll uusht of his baptismal name. He had outlived his owu generation aud its institutions. He was 14 Old Dad," 41 Sling tho Wire," nothing more. They buried bim in the little 41 grave garden" ho had loved and tended ao well. There he ateepa now la strangely mixed coinpauy. It Is curious to think what a mar- velloua parly ;wi!l come out- cf .sotno of ' thcse old' aldlioii burying . cronuds whenever ihe seal 1 broken, which bids land and sea glvo up their dentl. A queer glimpse of old colonial life it will he the folks, of Uiose times. " The pioueor squatter and his wife may be, hU assigned, servants,- bus no blacks of that generation. ' Later oil, old Kiup Jerry aod Ids gin, Bill the stockman and the yonng Qe&yyswell;, who came out for colonial experience, and got'fcvcr. Littlo coideu-haircd Muriel, wile was drowned in the river, and Old Jack, who died trying to save her. Commonplace men and women, such as we all know of a still later times and amongst them anomalous as amongst the living in the time of his later years, Old Dad—"Sling-the-Wire"—who, as they say on the river still, "Never done no harm anyhow." 