THE BARBER'S GHOST. Night was coming on apace ; apier?ing easattwidwildly scattered before;dit the thick flakes of snow, which werodescend ing so as completely to obhlitrate all traces of the path through a lonely. moor, over which a traveller was journeying, ;with the hope of reaching a village, where he intended to remain for the night. He was an entire stranger in those parts, and such was the nature of the country that, under. the most fpsourable circumstances, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild dis trict hlie had to traverse. In this dilenmma, as his only resource, he committed himself to the guidance of his horse, concluding that.the instinct of the noble animal was much better adapted to the emergency than his own reason, be wildered as it was. The faithful and sa gacious creature fully justitied the confi dence reposed in him; lie pursued his course steadily, but cautiously, and in a few hours the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. By this time, he was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the creation," on this occasion, was indebted for his- safety,- continued to pursue his course, until at-length the traveller, more 'dead' than alive, arrived at a venerable and spacious-looking mansion, which ap peared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still re maining. However, as lights appeared in the win dows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to. avail himself of the knocker to an nounce his arrival; and after a short in terral, the door was opened. Judge his surprise and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. :omue parts of tile castle itself -for such it was-were transformed into comfortable aecoummodations for travel. lers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of the pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty de tached from his horse, and was shown inte the spacious kitchen, in the ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests who- were ca lousing there. As our guest was a wag and a humorist, hlie avowed to himself that he would be even with them for their mis timed jokes ; and lie was as good as his word, as you will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed attd foddered, he inquired of the landlady if lie could be ac cotnuodated with a bed for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms were all engaged, except one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate barber, 'swho hail cut his throat there some three weeks before ; since which catastrophe the room was regarded with so much dread that not a servant in the house could be persuaded. to enter it. Our traveller was not a man to be terri fled by the idlefears of ghosts ; and as it was out of the question to budge that night, lie expressed his determination to sleep in the haunted chamber, and a thought which crossed his mind conftirmed his resolution. The difficulty was to pre vail upon the servants to enter the room to make a fire and prepare a bed; but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading attnd encouraging themhim self. At length, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the rash and presumptuous stralger, as he was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after partaking of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up- stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented himi from resting quietly in his grave The landlady, who admired the cou:noe of her guest, while she regretted his rash nose, bade him "Good night," with "lieaven bless you, sir," which she lettered in a tone of misgiving rather than thIpe, as if sthe doubted whether she would ever see him again. Our traveller lighted his pipe aind awaited the issue very composedly. The clock struck twelve, the high change hour of ghosts. but no spirit ap peared. The storm had now increased to a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed resolved to sit it out, as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our traveller hadl, during the night, heard fre quent allusions madle to himself, some of the company wondering what would be come of him when the castle bell should toll one, which was the signal for the ghost to appeatr. This was iews for our tra velier which lie did not fail to turn to im tmedliate advantage, by setting about his preconceived ldesign of acting the part of ghost himiseif. With this view, he converted one ot his :sheets into a very appropriate spectral robe, aroundl his nieck he tied a red garter, to represent the wound inflicted by the deceased barber on his throat. A piece of burnt cor-k enabled-him to -disguise his face and render .it suifficieutly hideous; anl, to crow, all, a night-cap with a large tassel, with dleathl's head andil cross-bones represented in front Iy means of the aforesaid burnt cork. It was now on the stroke of oue; and, ias ii to second his views, the company werr just then intent on their game; there was not a minute to be lost; somethig, hIowevrer, was needed to cotulete his costume. He thought n.o spirlt or tue barber coult not be more upriopriately equipped than with a razor in one haud and a shaving-box in the other. His portmanteau soon supplied these requisite appendlages, whenl it sud denly occurred to him that it would greatly heighten the effect if burning splirit were substitutedl for the ordinary lather. The retintant in the bottle readIily furnished hitt with the inflammable lather. Conceive himt ready for.action, awaiting ihe awful signal firom the castle turret. It sounded at length, atid our ghost, having lighted up the ethereal contents of his lathler-box, stalked out of the room with a hIeavy tread. The strange soiudl and the ominouts toll of the bell iunstantly lut tan etndto all itoise alnd revelry amongst the terrified gaRImblers. With one kick the spectre forced oipen the door, and pre seuted himself to the horror-stricken comu pany. The ghost dleetmed it pirudent not to allow them to rally their senses buit as a climtax to the scene, holding the razor in one Ihand atnld the sharing box in the other, in a deep, hiollow voice, said, " Will you be shaved 1" There is sometlhing sul?iciently disi greeables in the sight of a naked raztr brandished in a menacingattitude, but the idea, of .being shavcd..by. a .ghost, andl ,brushed with inflammable lather, is too much for human nerves. 'The company all rose in an instant ; and, as there was 'fortunately a back door in the room lead ing to the kitchen) stairs,'- through that they ,precipitated : themselves necks and heels, never stopping until they reached the bottom,-where.they lay sprawling in ,peechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle; his robe served as an apron, into which he collected all the money on the table. lie then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suffice it to say, that at last they . retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the money they had left behind them, in the apart ment where the ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted their revelry. The next morning our traveller in vain rang his bell for the waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer thesummons; and when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from his pre sence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance witn glances of suspicion and dread., . At ldingth, "hbwever, he sui cead-lun persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that he was really flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This assurance he confirmed by a cordial shake of the hand, accompanied by a good natured laugh at the fears which his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired how he had passed the night. "Never better," was the reply "Did you hear nothing 1" "Nothing," he replied. "Nor see anything 1" " why, yes," said he, with an air of in difference ; "an impudent .coundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wanted to be shaved. I supposed the fellow was drunk, and so I kicked hinm down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their quarters to dinner: and our traveller joined them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber most unquestion ably, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a capital likeness of hirm, and that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and tha.t his voiee resembled that of the un fortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per mission to be heard, thus addressed the rrlnpany "Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as any man ; but a joke may he carried too far; and as the belief in ghosts is as ab surd as it is mischievous, I should i,e sorry that we should part without an ex planation. Behold here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst you When I en tered this inn last night you were pleased to be very merry at my expense; and as I always give a Roland for an Oliver, i vowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of the ghost in the haunted chambnier suggested to me the scheme I practised with so much success. If you doubt my word, gentlemen, behold the money you left behind in your hurry, and which I bore off with the intention of restoring to you, as I now do." As lie said this, he unfolded a handker chief and deposited the gold upon tile table. The explanation, accompanried as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a universal roar of laughter. The guests shook tile tra veller ly the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson they should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 