THE STQBYTELLEB MONTEZTJMA'S DAUGHTER. By H. EIDER HAGGAED, Author of 'She,' 'Allan Quatennain,' 'King Solomen's Mines,' 'Mr. Meeson'a Will,' &c;, &c; COPTEIOHTED, 1893, BT H. RlDEB HAQGABD. Chaptee XXXVIL— VENGEAXCE. During that meal Btrnal Diaz spoke of our first meeting on the c juseway, and of how I had gone near to killing him in error, thinking that he was Sarceda, and then he asked me what was my quarrel with Sarceda. In as few word* as possible I told him the story of my life, of all the evil that De Garcia or Sarceda bad worked upon me and mine, and of how it was through him that I was in this land that day. He ' Holy Mother '.'' he said at length. ' I always knew him for a viilain, but that, if you do not lie, friend WingfieM, he could be a man as this, I do not know. Now, by my word, had I heard this tale an hour ago, Sarceda should not have left this camp till he had answered it or cleared himself by combat with you. But I fear it is too late ; he was to leave fcr Mexico at the rising of the moon, to stir up mischief against me becaufe I granted you term? — not that I fear him there, where his repute is Miiall.' ' I do not lie indeed,' I answered ' Much of tiis tale I can prove if need be, and I tell you that I would give half the life that is left to me to stand face to face in open fight with him. Ever he has escaped me, and the score between us is long.'' Now as I spoke thus it Eeexncd to me that a cold and dreadful air played about upon my hands and brow and a warning sense of present evil crept into my son], overcoming me so that I could not stir or speak for a while. ._ ^ ' Let us go and see if he has gene,' said Diaz presently, aud summoning a guard, he was about to leave the chamber. It was at this moment that I chanced to look up and see a woman standing in the doorway. Her hand rested on the doorpost ; her head, from which the long hair streamed, wes thrown back, and on her face was a lock of such anguish tfcat at fsret, so much was she changed, I did not know h*r for Otomie. When I knew her, I knew all : one thing only could c injure up the agony that shone in her deep eyes. ' What has chanced to our son ?' I asked. ' Scad, dead .'' the answered in a whisper that seemed to pierce my marrow. I said nothing, for my heart told me what had happened, but Diaz asked : *? Dead — why. what has killed him ?' 's De Gireia ! I saw him go,' replied Otomie : then she tossed her arms high, and, without an other tound, fell back wards to the earth. In that moment I think that my heart broke — at least, I know that nothing has had the power to move me greatly since, though this memory moves me dav by day and hour by hour, till I die and go to seek my son. 'Say, Bernal 'Diaz,' I cried, with a hoarse laugh, ' did I lie to you concerning this comrade of yours !' Th?n, Fpringing over Otomie's body, I left the chamber, followed by Bernal Diaz and the others. Without the door I turned to the left towards the camp. I had not gone a hundred paces when, in the moonlight, I saw a small troop of horsemen riding towards us. It was De Garcia and his servants, and they headed towards the mountain pass on their road to Mexico. I was not too late. ' Halt ! ' cried Bernal Diaz. ' Who commands me to halt ? ' said the voice of De Garcia. 'I, your captain,' roared Diaz. 'Halt, you devil, you murderer, or you shall be cut down.' I saw him start and turn pale. 'These are 6 1 range manners, senor,' he said. ' Of your grace I a«k ? ' At thi3 moment Da Garcia caught sight of me for the first tim?, for I had broken from the hold of Diaz who clutched my aim, and was moving towards him. I said nothing, but ihere was something in my face which told him thnt I knew all, and warned him of his doom. He looked past me, but the narrow road was blocked with men. I drew near, but he did not wait for me. Once he put his hand to the hilt of the sword : then sud denly he wheeled his horse round and. fled down the street of Xaca. De Garcia fled, and I followed after him, running fast and low like a hound. At first he gained on me, but soon the road grew rough, and he could not gallop over it. We were clear of the town now, or, rather, of its ruins, and travelling along a little path by which the Iudians used to bring down snow from Xica in. the hot weather. | Perhaps there are some fire miles of this pith ! before the snow-line is reached, beyond which no Indian dare to set hb foot, f r ike ground was holy. Along this path he wes1, and I was con tent to see it, for I knew well that the traveller cannot leave it, since on either side lie water courses and cliffs. Mile after mile Di Garcia fol lowed it, looking now to the loft, now to the right, and now ahead at the great dome of snow crowned with fire that towered above him. But he never looked behind him ; he knew woat was there — death in the shape of a man ! I came on doggedly, saving my strength. I was sure that I must'citch him at last, it did not matter when. At length he reached the enow-line where the path ended, and for the firit time he looked back. There I was some two hundred paces behind him. I, his death, was behind him, and in front of him shone the snow. For a moment be hesitated, and I heard the heavy breathing of his horse in the great ttillness. Then he turned and faced the s'ope, driving bis spurs into the brute's sides. The snow was hard, for here the frost bit sharply, and for a while, thongh it -was so steep, the horse travelled over it better than he had done along the pathway. Now, as before, there was only one road that he could take, for we passed up the crest of a ridge, a pleat as it were in the garment of the mountain, and on either side were steeps of snow on which mother horfe nor man might keep his footing. For two hoars or more we followed that ridge, and as we went through the silence of ' the haunted volcan, and the loneliness of its eternal snows, it seemed to me that my spirit entered into the spirit of my quarry, and that with its eyes I saw all that was passing in his heart. To a man so wronged, the dream was pleasant, even if it were not true, for I read there such agony, such black despair, such haunting memories, such terror of advancing death and of what lay beyond it, that no revenge of man's could surpass their torment. And it was true — I knew that it was true ; he suffered all this and more, for if he had no conscience, at least he had fear, and imagina tion to quicken and multiply the fear. Now the snow grew steeper, and the hor6e was almost spent, for he could scarcely breathe at so great a height. In vain did De Garcia drive his spurs into its sides, the gallant beast could do no more. Suddenly it fell down. Surely, I thought, ! he will await me now. But even I had not fathomed the depth of his terrors, for De Garcia disengaging himself from the fallen horse looked towards me, then fled forward on his feet, casting away bis armour as he went that he might travel more lightly. By this time we had passed the snow, and were come to the edge of the ice-cap that is made by the melting of the snow with the heat of the inner fires, or, perhaps, by that of the sun in hot seasons, I know not, and its freezing in I the winter months or in the cold of the j nights. At least there is such a cap on Xaca, j measuring nearly a mile in depth, which lies between the snow and the black rim of the crater. Up this ice climbed De Garcia, and the task is not of the easiest, even for one of untroubled mind, for a man must step from crack to crack or needle to needle of rough ice, that stand upon the smooth surface like the bristles on a hog's back, and woe to him if one break or if he slip, for then, as he fills, very shortly the flesh will be filed from his banes by the thousands of swordlike points over which he must pass in his descent towards the snow. Indeed, many times I feared greatly lest this should chance to De Garcia, for I did not desire to lose my vengeance thus. Therefore twice when I saw him in danger I shouted to him, telling him where to put his feet, for now I was within 20 paces of him, and, strange to say, he obeyed me without question, forgetting every thing in his terror of instant death. But' for my self I had no fear, for I knew that I should not fall, though the place was one which I had surely shrunk from climbing at anv other time. All this while we had been travelling; towards Xica's fisry crest by the bright moonlight, but now the dawn broke suddenly on the mountain top, and the flame died away in the heart of the pillar of smoke. It was wonderful to see the red glory that shone upon the ice-cap, and on ns two men who crept like flies across it, while the moun tain's breast and the world below were plunged in the shadows of night. 'Now we have a better light to climb by, comrade ! ' I called to De Garcia, and my voice rang strangely among the ice-cliffs, where never a man's voice had echoed before. As I spoke the mountain rambled and bellowed beneath, us, shaking litre a wind-tossed tree, as though in wrath at the desecration of its sacred solitudes. With the rumbling came a shower of grey ashes that rained down on us, and for a little while hid De Garcia from my sight. I heard him call out in fear, and was afraid lest he had fallen ; but presently the ashes cleared away, and I saw him standing safely on the lava rim that surrounds the crater. Now, I thought, he will surely make a stand, for could he have found courage it had been easy for him to kill me with his sword, which he still wore, as I climbed from the ice to the hot lava. It seemed that he thought' of it, for he turned and glared at me like a devil, then went on again, leaving me wondering where he believed that he would find refuge. Some 300 paces from the edge of the ice the smoke and steam of the crater rose into the air, and between the two was lava 60 hot that in places it was difficult to walk upon it. Across this bed, that trembled as I passed over it, went De Garcia somewhat slowly, for now he was weary, and I followed him at my ease, getting my breath again. Presently I saw that he had come to the edge of the crater, for he leaned forward and looked over, and I thought he was about to destroy him self by plunging into it. But if such thoughts had been in his mind, he forgot them when he had seen what sort of nest this was to sleep in, for, turning, he came back towards me, sword up, and we met within a dozen paces of the edge. I say met, but in truth we did not meet, for he stopped again, well out of reach of my sword. I sat down upon a block of lava, and looked at him ; it seemed to me that I could not feast my eyes enough upon his face. And what a face it was : that of a more than murderer about to meet his reward ! Would that I could paint to show it, for no words can tell the f earf ulness of those red and sunken eyes, those grinning teeth and quivering lips. I think that when the enemy of mankind has cast his last die, and won his last soul, he too will look thus as he passes into doom. 'At length, Da Garcia ! ' I said. ' Why do you not kill me and make an end? ' he asked hoarsely. ' Where is the hurry, cousin ? For hard on 20 years I have sought you ; shall we then part so soon ? Let us talk a while. Before we part to meet no more, perhaps of your courtesy you will answer me a question, for I am curious. Why have you wrought.these evils on me and mine ? Surely you must have some reason for what seems to be an empty and foolish wickedness ? ' I spoke to him thus calmly and coldly, feeling no passion, feeling nothing. For in that strange hour I was no longer Thomas Wingfield ; I was no longer human ; I was a force, an instrument ; I could think of my dead son with out sorrow : he did not seem dead to me, for I partook of the nature that he had put on in this change of death. I could even think of De Garcia without hate, as though he also were nothing but a tool in some other hand. Moreover, I knew he was mine, body and mind, and that he must answer and truly, so surely as he must die when I chose to kill him. He tried to shut his lips, but they opened of themselves, and word by word the (Oontinued m page 968.) Up the ice climbed De Garcia, and the task is not of the. easiest evea for one of untroubled mind, for a man mutt step from crack to crack or needle to needle of rough ice that stand upon the smooth surface like the bristles on a hog's bxck, and woe to him if one break or if he slip, for theu, as he falls, very shortlv the flesh will be filed from his bones bv the thousands of swordhke points over which he must pass in his descent towards the snow.— Chapeee YVVVTT. ' J \- truth was dragged from his Mack heart as though he stood already before the judgment-seat. 'I loved your mother, my cousin,' he said, speaking slowly and painfully : 'from a child I loved her only in the worid as I love her to this hour ; but she hated me because I was -wicked, and feared me because I was cruel. Then she saw your fither and loved him, and brought about his escape from the Holy Office, whither I had delivered him to be tortured and burnt, and fled with him to England. I was jealous and would have been revenged, if I might, but there was no way. I led an evil life, and when nearly twenty years had gone by chance took me to England on a trading journey. By chance I learned that your father and mother lived near Yarmouth, and I determined to see her, though at that time I had no thought of killing her. Fortune favoured me, and we met in the woodland, and I saw that she was still beautiful, and knew that I loved her more than ever before, I gave her choice to fly with me or to die, and after a while she died. Bat a? she shrank from me up the wooded hillside before my sword, of a sudden she stood still and said : 'Listen before you smite, Juan. I have a death-vision. As I have fled from yon, so shall ,. you fly before one of my blood in a place of fire and rock and snow, and as you drive me to the gates of heaven so he shall drive you into the month of hell.' ' In such a place as this, cousin ?' I said. 'In such a place as His,' he whispered, glanc ing' round. . ; ' Continue.' Again he strove to keep silent, but again my will mastered him and he spoke : ' It was too Lite to spare her if I wished to escape myself, so I killed her and fled. But terror entered my heart, terror which has never left it to this hour, for always before my eyes was the vision of him of your mother's blood, before whom I should fly as she fled before me, who shall drive me into the mouth of hell.' ' That must be yonder, cousin,' I said, pointing with the sword towards the pit of the crater. ; . ' It is yonder ; Ihave looked.' 'But only for tie bady, cousin, not for the spirit.' 'Only for the body, not for the spirit,' he repeated after me. . ' Continue,' I said. 'Afterwards on that same day I met you, Thomas Wingfield. Already your dead mother'6 prophecy had taken hold of me, and seeing one of her blood I strove to kill him, lest he should kill me.' ' As he will do presently, cousin.' ' As he will do presently,' he repeated, like a talking bird. ' You know what happened and how I escaped. I fled to Spain and strove to forget. But I could not. One night I saw a face in the streets of Seville that reminded me of your face. I did not think that it could be yon, yet so strong was my fear that I determined to fly to the far Indies. You met me on the night of my flight when I was bidding farewell to a lady.' ? ' One Isabella de Signenza, cousin ? I bade farewell to her afterwards and delivered her dying words to yon. Now she waits to welcome you again, she and her child.' He shuddered and went on : ' In the ocean we met again. Ton rose out of the sea. I did not dare to kill you at once, I thought you must die in the slavehold, and that none could bear witness against me and hold me guilty of your blood. You did not die, even the sea could not destroy you* But I thought that you were dead; I came to Anahnac In the train of- Cortes and* againt we -meet; tiiat time you nearly killed me. . Afterwards I had my revenge and I tortured you well ; I meant to murder you ob the morrow, though first I would torture you, for terror can be very cruel, but you escaped me. Long years passed ; I wandered hither and thither — to Spain, back to Mexico, and elsewhere : but wherever I went my fear, the ghosts of the dead, and my dreams went with me, and I was never fortunate. Only .the other day I joined the com pany of Diaz as an adventurer. Not till we reached the City of Fines did I learn that you were the captain of the Otomie ; it was said that you were long dead. You know the rest.' ' 'Why did you murder my eon, cousin f ' ''Was he not of jour mother's blood— of the blood that should bring my doom upon me, and did I owe you no reward for all the terrors of these many years ? Moreover, he is foolish who strives to day the father and spares the son. He is dead, and I am glad that I killed him, though he haunts me now with the others.' ... ** ; ' And shall haunt you eternally. Now let ne make an end. You have your sword : use it if you can. It will be easier to die fighting.' *' I cannot,'1 he groaned ; ' mv doom is upon me.' ' As yon will,' and I came at him, sword up. He ran from before me, moving backwards and keeping his eyes fixed upon me, as I have seen a rat do when a snake is about to swallow it. Now we were upon the edge of the crater, and looking over I saw an awful sight, for there, some thirty feet beneath us, the red-hot lava, glowing sullenly beneath a shifting pall of Emoke, rolled and spouted like a thing' alive. .Jets.*of steam flew upwards from it with a screaming sound, Jines of noxious vapours, many-coloured, crept and twisted on its surface, and a hot and horrid -stench poisoned and heated, the air. Here, indeed, was . such a gate as I could wish for De Gareia to pass through to his own abode. . . I looked, pointed with my sword, and laughed : he looked and shrieked aloud, foe now allhWiaan hood had left him, so great was his terror of what lay beyondthe end. Yes, this proud and. haughty Spaniard screamed and wept and prayed for mercy— he who had done so many vfflanie: beyond forgiveness prayed for mercy that he might find time to repent. I stood and wairhei him, and to cteeadfnl was ius aspect that honor struck me ermthrough thecahnof my frozen heart. 'Come, lifetime to finish,1* I said, and«gsin. I lifted my sword, only to let it fall, for snadfcnlv hi* brain gave way and De Garcia went madbefore my ey» ! * Of aH that followed I will not write. With bis madness courage came bsck to him, and he began to fight, but not with me. ~ He eeemed to perceive me no more, hot never theless he fought, and desperately, thrusting et the empty air. It was terrible to* see him thus doing batUe with hie invisible foes, and to hear his screams and curses, as inch by inch they drove him bade to the edge of the crater. Here be stood a while, like one who makes a last stand against overpowering strength, thrusting and striking furiously. Twice he nearly fell, as though be neath a mortal wound, but, recovering himself, fought on with Nothingness. Then, with a sharp cry, suddenly he threw his arms wide, as a man does who is 'pierced through the heart ; his sword dropped from his hand, and he fell backwards into the pit. I turned away my eyes, for I wished to see no more ! but often I have wondered Who or 'What it was that dealt De Garcia his death-wound. Chapter XXXVIIL- OTOMIE'S FAREWELL. Thus -then did I aciDmplis'i the vengeance that I had sworn to my father I would wreak upon De Garcia, or, rather, thus did I witness its accom plishment, for in the end he died, terribly enough, not by my hand, but by those of his own fears. Since then I have sorrowed for this, for, when the frozen and unnatural calm passed from my mind, I hated him as bitterly as ever, and grieved that I let him die otherwise than by my hand, and to this hour such is my mind towards him. Doubt less, many may think it wicked, since we aie taught to forgive our enemies, but here I leave tie forgiveness to God, for how can I pardon one who betrayed my father to the priests, who murdered my mother and my son, who chained me in tte slave-ship, and for many hours tortured me wi-h his owa hands f Rather, year by year, 3o 1 hate him more. I write of this at some' length, since the matter has been a trouble to me. I never could say that I was in charity with all men living and dead, and because of thit», some years since, a worthy and learned rector of this parish took upon himself * to refuse me the rites of the Church. Then I went to the Bishop and laid the story before him, and it puzzled him somewhat. Hut he was a man of large mind, and in the -nd he rebuked toe rector and commanded him to minister to me, for he thought with me that the Almighty could not ask of an erring man that re should forgive one who had wrought such evils on him and his, even though that enemy were dead and gone to judgment in another place. But enough of this question of conscience. When De Garcia was gone into the pit, I turned my steps homewards, or, rathtr, towards the ruined city which I could see beneath me, for I had to home left. Now I must descend the ice-cap, and this I found less easy than climbing it had been, for, my vengeance being accomplished, I became as other men are, and a sad and weary one at that — so sad indeed that I should not have sorrowed if I had made a false step upon the ice. But I made none, and at length I came to the snow, where the travelling was ea«y. My oath was fa-filled, my vengeance was accomplished : but £6 I went I reckoned np the cost : — I had lost my betrothed, the love of my youth. For twenty yeara I had lived a savage chief among savage?, and made acquaintance with every hard ship, wedded to a woman who, although she loved me dearly, and did not lack nobility of mind, as she had shown the other day, was still at heart a savage, or, at the least, a' thrall of demon gods. The tribe that I ruled was conquered, the beautiful city where I dwelt was a ruin, I was homeless and a beggar, and mv fortune would be great if in the issue I escaped* death or slavery. All this I could have borne, for I had borne the like before ; but the cruel end of my last surviving son — the one true joy of my desolate life — I could not bear. The love of those children had become the passion of my middle age, and as I loved them so they -had loved me. I had trained them from babyhood till their hearts were English, and not Aztec, as were iheir speech and faith ; and thus they were not only my dear children, bnfc companions of my own race — the only ones I had. And now, by accident, by sickness, and by the sword, they were dead, the three of them, and I was desolate. Ah ! we think much of the sorrows of our youth, and should a sweetheart give us the go-by we fill the world with moans and swear tnat it holds no comfort for us. But when we bend cur heads, before the shrouded shape of some lost child, then it is that for the first time we learn how terrible grief can be. Time, they tell us, will bring consolation ; but it is false : for such sorrows fme has no salves. I say it who am old : as they are so they shall be. There is no hope but f iich : there is no comfort save in the truth that love which might have -withered on the earth grows fastest in the tomb, to flower gloriously in heaven ; that no love, indeed, can be perfect toll God sanctifies and completes it with His seal of death. I threw myself down there upon the desolate snows of Xaca, that none had trod before, and wept such tears aE a maa may weep but once in his life-days. ' ' O my son Absolom, my son, my son Absolom ! 'would God I had died for thee, O Absolom, my son, my son I'3' I cried with the ancient Bang — I whose grief was greater than his, for had I not lost three eons within as many years ? Then, remembering that as this King had gone to join his son king centuries ago,, so I must one day go to join mine, and, taking such comfort from the thought as may he found in it, I rose and crept back to the ruined City of Pines. It was near sunset when I came thither, for the road was long and I ^rrew. weak. Br the palace I met the jjCaptam Diaz and some of his company, and they lifted their bonnets to me as I went by, for ffiey had respect for my sorrows. Only Diaz spoke, saying : ' ' ' ' '*Is the murderer dead r ' I nodded and went on. I went on to our chamber, for there I thought that I should find Otomie. ' . , 'She satin it alone, coidandbeantifuL as though she had been fashioned in marble. ' I have buried him with die bones of his brethren and his forefathers, ' she said, answering the question- that my eyes asked. ' It seemed best that you should see him no more, lest your heart should break.' 'It is well,' I answered: 'hut my heart is broken already.' **-Is the murderer dead? V she said presently in the verv words of Diaz. ' He is dead.' 'HowF' I told her in few words. . ' You should have slain him vourself : our sob's blood is not avenged.' ' I shon'd have slain Mm, but in that hour I did not seek vengeance ; I watched it fall from heaven and was content. Perchance it is best so. The seeking of vengeance '^tg brought all my sorrows upon me ; vengeance belongs to God and not to man, as Lhave learned too late.' '1 60 not think so,' said Otomie, and the look upon her face was thai look which I had seen Then she smote the Tlascalan, when fhe taunted Marina, and when she danced upon the pyramid, the leader of the sacrifice. 'Had I been in your place I would have killed him by inches. When I had done with him then the devils might begin, not before. But it is of no account ; everything is done with, all are dead, and my heart with them. Now eat, for you are weary.' So I ate, and afterwards I cast myself upon the bed and slept. In the darkness I heard the voice of Otomie that sail: 'Awake, I would speak with you,' and there was that about her voice which stirred me from my heavy Bleep. ' Speak on,'' I said. 'Where are you, Otomie?' ' Seated at your side. I cannot rest, so I am seated here. Listen. Many, many years ago we ni^j when you were brought by Guatemoc from Tobasco. .Ah ! well do I remember my first sight of you, the Teule, in the court of 'my father Montezuma at Chapoltepec. I loved you then as I have loved you ever since. At least I have never gone astray after strange god?,' and she liughed. bitterly. ' Why do you talk of these things, Otomie f' I asked. .' Because it is my fancy to do so. Cannot you spare me one hour from your deep, who have spired you so many ? You remember how you 63omed me — oh ! I thought I should have died cf shame when, after I had caused myself to be given to you as wife, the wife of Tezcat, you told me of t&e; maid across the seas, that Lily maid whose t-ken is still set on your finger. But I lived thr .-ugh it, and I loved you better for your honesty, aid then you know the rest. I wcu you because I was brave, and lay at your side upon the stone o; sacrifice, where you kissed me and told me that you loved me. But you never loved me — not traly ; all the while you were thinking of the Lily maid. I knew it then, as I know it now, though I tried to deceive myself. I was beautiful in those davp, and this is something with a man. I w&s; faithful, and that U more, aui once or twice you ticught you loved me. Now, I wish that those Teules had come an hour Liter, and we had died together there upon the stone— that is, I wish it for my own sake, not for yours. Then we escaped, and the great struggle came. I told you then that I understood it all. You had kissed me on the stone of sacrifice, hut in that mo ment you were as one dead : when you came back to life it was otherwise. Bnt fortune took the game out of your hands, and you married me, and swore an oata to me, and this oath you have kept fdithfully. You married me,' but you did not know whom you married : you thought me beauti ful, and sweet, and true, 'and all these thiDgs I was ; but you cid not understand that I was far apart from you, that I was still a savage as my forefathers had been. You thought that I had learned your ways, perchance even you thonght that I reverenced your god, as for your sake Ihave striven to do : but all the while 1 have followed the ways of my own people, and I could not quite foreret 'my own gods, or, at the least, they would not suffer me, their servant, to escape them. For years and years I put them from me : but at last they were avenged, and my heart mastered me, or rather they mastered me, for I knew nothing of what I did some few nights since, when I cele brated the sacrifice to Huitzel, and you saw me at the ancient rites. ' All these years you had been true to me, and I had borne you children whom you loved ; but you loved them for their own sake, not for mine — _ indeed, at heart, you hated the Indian blood that was mixed in their veins with yours. Me also you loved in a certain fashion, and this half -love of yours drove me wellnigh mad : such as it was, it died when you saw me distraught, and celebrating the rites of' my forefathers on the teocalli yonder, and you knew me for what I am — a savage. And now the children who linked us together are dead ; ons by one they died, in this way and in that, fcr the curse which follows my blood descended upon them, and your love for me is dead with them. I alone remain alive, a monument of past days, and I die also. 'Nay, be silent: listen to me, for my time is short. When you bade me call you * husband ' no longer, then I knew that it was finished. I obey you, I put you from me, you are no more nay husband, and soon I shall cease to be your wife'; still, Teule, I pray you listen to me. Now it seems to you in your sorrow that your days are done, and that there is no happiness left for you. This is not so. You are still but a man in the beginning of middle age, and you are yet strong. You wiU escape from this ruined land, and when you shake the dust of it off your feet its curse shall fall from you : you will return to your own place, and there you will find one who has awaited your coming for many years. There the savage woman whom you mated* with, the princess of a fallen house, will become but a fantastic memory to you, and all these strange, eventful* years will be as a midnight dream. Only your love for the dead children will always remain ; these you must always love by day and by night, and the desire ' of them — that desire for the dead than which there is nothing more terrible — shall foilow you to your grave : and I am glad that it should be so, for I was their mother, and some thonght of me must go with them. This alone the Lily maid has left to me, and there only I shall prevail against her ; for, Teule, no child of hers shall live to rob your heart of the memory of those I gave you. ' Oh ' I have watched yon by day and by night: I have seen the longing in your eyes for a face which you have lost and for the land cf your youth. Be happy ; you shall gain both, for the struggle is ended, and the Lily maid has bean too strong for me. I grow weak, and I have little more to say.' We part, and, perhaps, for ever ; for what is there between us save the souls of those dead sons cf ours r Since -you desire me no more, that I may make our severance perfect, now in the hour of my death I renounce your gods and I seek my own, 'though I think that I loveyonrs and hate those of my people. Is there any communion between them F We part, and, perchance, for ever ; yet I pray of you to think of me kindly, for I have loved you and I love you: I was the TnnawT of your children, whom, being Christian, you wfll meet again. I Love you now and for always. I am glad to have lived because you kissed me on the stone of sacri fice, and afterwards I bore you eons. They are yours -and not mine : it seems to me now that I only cared for them because they were yours, and they loved you and not me. Take them— take their spirits, as yoo have taken everything. You swore iltat death atsne should sever, us, and you have kept' your oath in the letter and in *th thought. Bui now I go to the Houses of the Sun to seek my own people, and to you, TeuJe, wiifi whom I have lived many years and have seen mach sorrow, but whom I will no longer call husband, tince you forbade me eo to do, I say, make no mock of me to the L:ly maid. Speak 0' me to her as littie as you may — be happy and — farewell ! ' Now, as she spoke ever more faintly, and I listened bewildered, the light of dawn grew slowly in the chamber : It gathered on the white shape of Oiomie seated in a chair hard by the bed, and I saw that her arms hung down and that her head was resting on the back of lhc chair. Now I sprang up and peered into hfr face. It was white and cold, and I could feel no breath upon her lips. I seized her band ; that also was cold. I spoke into her ear, I kissed her brow, but she did hot move 'nor answer. The light grew quickly, and now I eaw a'l. ' Otomie was dead, and by her own act. This was the manner of her death: She had drunk of a poison of which the Indians have the secret, a poison that worfcs slowly and without pain, leaving the mind unclouded to the end . It was while life was fading from her that she had spoken to me thus sadly and bitterly. I sat upon tie bed and gazed at her. I did not weep, for my teirs were done ; and, as I have said, whatever I might feel, nothing could break my calm any more. And as I gazed, a great tenderness and sorrow took hold of me, and I loved Otomie better now that she was dead before me than ever I had done in her life days, and this is saying much. I remembered her in the glory of her youth as she was in the court of her royal father ; I remem bered the look which she had given me when bhe stepped to my side upon the stone of sacrifice, and that other look whea she defied Cuitlahua, the Emperor who would have slain me. Once more I seemed to hear her cry of bitter sorrow as she uncovered the body of the dead babe, our firsl born, and to see her eword in hand standing over the Tlascalan. Many things came back to me in that sad hour of dawn while I watched by the corpse of Otomie. There was truth in her words : I had never for gotten my first love, and often I desired to Eee hi r face. But it was not true to say I had no love for Otomie. I loved her well, and I was faithful ia my oath to her ; indeed, not until she was dtai did I know how dear she had grown to me. It is true that there was a great gulf between us, which widened with, the years — the gulf of blood and faith — for I knew well that she could not altogether put away her old beliefs, and it is true that when I saw her leading the death- chant a great horror took me, and for a while I loathed her. But these things I might have lived to for give, for they were part of her blood and nature ; moreover, the last and worst of them was not done by her own will, and when they were set aside there remained much that I could honour and love in the memory of this most royal and beautiful woman, who for bo many years was my faithful wife. So I thought in that hour, and so I tiiiuk to this day. She said that we parted for ever ; but I trust and I believe that this is not so. Surely thera is forgiveness for us ail, and a placs where those who were near and dear to each other on the earth may once more renew their fellowship. At last I rose with a sigh to seek help, and as I rose I felt that there was something set about my neck. It was the collar of great emeralds which Guatemoc had given to me, and that I had given to Otomie. She had set it there while I slept, and with it a lock of her long hair. Both shall be buried with me. I laid her in the ancient sepulchre, amid the bones of her f jrefathers and by the bodies of her children ; and. two davs later, I rode to Mexico in the train of Bernal Diaz. At the mouth of the pass I turned and looked back upon the ruins of the City of Pines, where I had lived so many years, and where all I loved were buried. Long and earnestly I gazed, as in his hour of death a man looks back upon his past life, till at length Diaz laid his hand upon my shoulder. -: You are a lonely man now, comrade,' he said; ' what plans have you for the future ?' ' None,' I answered, 'except to die.' ' Never talk 60, ' ' he said ; ' why, yon arescarcely forty, and I, who am fifty and more, do not speak of dying. Listen : you have friends in your own countrv, England?' ' I had.' ' Folk live long in those quiet lands. Go seek them ; I will find you a passage to Spain.' ' I will think of it,' I answered. In time we came to Mexico, a new and strange city to me, for Cortes had rebuilt it ; and where the teocalli had stood, up which I was led to sacrifice, a cathedral was building, whereof the foundations were fitly laid with the hideous idols of the Aztecs. The place was well enough, but it is not so beautiful as the Tenoctitian of Monte zuma, nor ever will be. The people, too, were changed: then, they were warriors and free: now, they were slaves. '? In Mexico, Diaz found me a lodging. None molested me there, for the pardon that I had received was respected. Also, I was a ruined man, no. longer to be feared ; the part that I had played in the noche triste and iu the defence, of the city was forgotten, and the tale of my sorrows won me pity even from the Spaniards. I abode in Mexico ten days, wandering sadly about the city and up to the hill of Chapoltepec, where Monte - zuma's pleasure- house had been, and where I had met Otomie. Nothing was left of its glories except some of the ancient cedar trees. On the eighth day of my stay an Indian stopped me in the street, saying that an* old friend had charged him to say that she wished to see me. I followed the Indian, wondering who the friend might be, for I had no friends, and he led me to a fine stone house in a new street. Here I was seated in a darkened chamber, and waited there a while, till suddenly a sad .and sweet voice, that seemed familiar to me, addressed me in the Aztec tongue, saying : - '.Welcome, Teule.' I looked, and there before me, dressed in the Spanish fashion, stood a lady, an Indian, still beautiful, but very feeble and much worn, as though with sickness and sorrow. ' Do you' not know Marina, Teule f' she said again : bnt before the vords had left her hpS I knew her. ' Wei!, i will say this, that I should scarcely know you, Teule. Trouble and time have done their work with both of us.' I took her hand and kissed it. ' Where, then, is Cortes f' I asked. Now a great trembling seized her. ' Cortes ifi in Spam, pleading hits suit. He has wed anew wife there, Teuie. Many years ago he put me away, giving me in marriage to Don Juan Xaramillo, who took me because of my posses sions, for Cortes dealt liberally with, me, his dis carded mistress.' And she began to weep. Then by degrees I learned the story, bnt I will not write it here, for it is known to the world. When Marina had served his turn, and her wit was of no more service to him, the conqueror discarded her, leaving her to wither of a broken heart. She told me all the tale of her anguish when she learned the truth, and of how she cried to him that thenceforth he would never prosper. Nor, indeed, did he do so. For two hours or more we talked, and when I had heard her story I told her mine, and she wept for me, since, with all her faults, Marina's heart was ever gentle. Then we parted, never to meet again. Before I went she pressed a gift of money on me, and I was not ashamed to take it, who had none. This, then, was the history of Marina, who be trayed her country for her love's sake, and this the reward of her treason and her love. But I 6hall always hold her memory sacred, for she was a good friend to me, and twice ehe saved my life ; nor would she desert me, even when Otomie taunted her so cruelly. {To be continued.) 