HIS 'FIRST WIFE. her Ghost appears. To tho Second; Wife. An American Woman Who Sues For Divorce on Ghostly Grounds- He Promised Not to Marry Again. There has been filed in the courts of Lanark Junction, Illinois, a suit for divorco on grounds probably the most extraordinary in the annals of the law, these grounds being that a bona fide chest movents the ladv who brings tho suit from living with her husband in any degree of matrimonial quietude and happiness. The plaintiff, Mrs. TereBa Baldwin, who was married on De- comber 14 last to Philip Baldwin, of Lanark, alleges that tho ghost of her husband's first wife, P,osamond Baldwin, haunts their domicile, persecutes her in various ways, and altogether makes life uncudarable under their joint husband's roof, and forces her to live apart from him. She declares that she was absolutely sceptical on matters supernatural, and before, the beginning of hor extraordinary experiences would have laughed at the ides, of a ghost. Mrs. Bald win's friends also testify to her practical turn of mind, aud say that her disposition has been entirely, altered - sinoe :her mar riage. _ _ .. She is a bright, cheery i'nd lively littlo womun, full of gay and pleasing chatter, but now betrays a nervous, depressed con dition of tho mind, owing, she declares, wholly to the unsettlod life led her by the ghost. Her story of this persecution is that on the return from their wedding tour, and on her entering as mistress the house formerly, occupied by Mr. Baldwin and his first wife, the first sight that met her eyes was a lady dressed in a loose white robe. She exclaimed at the sight of this stranger seated with an air of being at home in tho apart ment, and, on his sacming to see nothing of the figure, pointed it out to her husband, and was quite offended when he declared that her eyes deceived her, and that thore was no one present in the room besides themselves. She concluded that he was jesting with her, but insisted that there was a woman of tho description she gave seated within a few feet of her. She noticed that the servant started and tnrned pale on listening to. this descrip tion, and afterwards, on being alone with this girl, sho questioned her closoly us to tho cause of this emotion, and won from her the avowal that the picture she hud drawn was an exact likeness of her prede cessor. Though much bewildered at Iter fireside, Mrs. Baldwin finally succeeded in dismissing this singular apparition from her mind. Several days passed without the occur rence oi anything to startle her, when, one night, while alono in her bedroom, her husband being away from home, she was standing before her mirror brushing out her hair. Sho buw all at once ' at her elbow this strange figure. Turning from tho glass she looked about the loom, but it was quite empty, and, thinking that her imagination had de ceived her, she turned again to the mirror, when, as distinct as before, she saw the figure staring at her with an angry and displeased countenance. Frighteuod now beyond all control of herself, she ran screaming to the bedroom door, but, to her astonishment, found .it was as securely locked as she herself had left it on .entering the room. She called the cook, telling her what she had seen, and together they searched the bedroom and tho dressing- room opening into it,, b.ut found Up trace of anyone. ' "" - " So much was she upset by the mystery of the thing that sho wrote for hor sister, Miss Anna Bella Rippledeane, to come and Btay with her when Mr. Baldwin's business took him from hor. The young lady, a sprightly miss of sixteen, was told nothing of what had happened, and to her bright sunshiny nature tho nnhappy lady trusted to drive from her mind the delusion which she was beginning to believe was tho cause of her seeing this ghastly figure. But on the day after her arrival Miss Anna Belle destroyed this hope by remarking to hor sister that she had seen a. lady in white walking down the hall just before her, and asking where alio had gone. Her sister put her off with some trivial explanation, but tho next day Miss Rippledeane came to her and Mr. Bald win, saying that she had just seen a woman dressed in wbito enter her bedroom, and that, following her into the apartment, she had been unable to find any trace of her. She insisted on her sister and Mr. Baldwin accompanying her to the room to aid ber in a further search. Mr. Baldwin was much put out at what he considered a hys terical creation of his wife's heated imagina tion, and ehargod her with having imparted to her sister the hallucination. Mrs. Bald win denied this, and, being upheld in her statement by her sister, : the gentleman began also to look uneasy and amazed. After this began a series of petty perse cutions by the Ghost, the latter, for the most part, being invisible, but pinching Mrs. Baldwin on the arms and neck, and pulling her hair about hor face. This was usually when she was alono or when only her husband was present, but on several occasions, in the presence of guests, Bhe wab hardly able to suppress cries of pain from severe pinches administered to her by her invisible tormentor. She remembers onoo showing to a lady caller her hand, on whioh had just ap peared a large and cruel bruise. This lady gives her evidence also. Sho says that her eyes chanced at that moment to be fixed on her hostess' pretty, pluinp hand, and that she Baw the flesh caught up as by a vicious grasp, which caused Mrs. Baldwin to cry out as though in pain, and to oxhihit to her a purple bruise that had not been there the moment before. Mrs. Baldwin's maid testified fo having seen a woman in white about the house, but she was never close enougli to her to obtain sight of her face. The maid to whom MrB, Baldwin de scribed the figure she had seen on the firat night of her installation as mistress of the house testifies to her . present mistress having drawn a perfect likeness. of her pre decessor, which is the more remarkable as Mrs. Baldwin never saw her huaband's first wife while still alive. It is understood that Mr. Baldwin promised his first wife when she was dying that ho would never marry again. Fanny : " A man tried to kiss me yester day and I had him arrested." Nanny: " Why did you do that? Oi course the poor fellow was only crazy.". "I never could understand why Heury VIII. was called 'Bluff King Hal,"' said Watts; "I think a man with six Queens had no need to bluff." No Heels for Willie.— Sliinson: " What's become of those new slippers you got for me!" Mrs. Slimson: " Willie has them out in tho back yard, taking off the heels." "John, you are not listening to a word I am saying." "Why, iny dear I am all ears." " I know you are, and that makes it all the more provoking." 