A NIGHT IN THE RUSH XfSfe V.^l'mi.i'OTT, Berth, W.A., in Tub Spectator. jjSV'c had ionly been married a few \|&ks; ' when my husband received i^tiuctipnB'f roni thc firm in Sydney to proceed at once to Kiinberley and superintend the erection of some new machinery. As we were without friends in Perth, 1 persuaded him to Ictniegotoo; 'roughing it' in the far North with Dick seemed better to me than the luxuries of the ' Gover nor Broome' alone. We sailed from Eremantle. in tho Albany, and until we got to Derby all went merry as a marriage bell, but there our troubles began. lirst and cliief amongst them was the difliculty in obtaining horses for the long journey to the diggings ; those we had to take at last were anything but fit to travel nearly three hundred and fifty miles. The first day all went fairly well, but towards the evening of the second the packhorse went lame, and to make matters worse, the coun try did not look a bit like what it ought to look from the minute de scription of every turn that had been given us in Derby. ' When Ave get to the foot of this hill we must camp,' Dick said, as the horses stumbled wearily down the zigzag path. ' 1 almost wish now 1 had left you in Derby, dear.' ' I am glad you never thought of such a tiling,' 1 answered valiantly. ' Nothing short of iron bars would have kept nie there.' Night had come when we got down to the level country. The rising moon threw gruesome shadows amongst the gnarled jarralo trees, and here and there from amongst the ghostly 'blackboys' a startled kanga roo would bound away for dear life. Dick laid his hand on my bridle. ' Pnl! up, Meg. It's no use going any further.' Just then a dingo's voice arose in plaintive lamentation, baying the full moon. J did not like it at all. ' Don't you think, dear, if we push on ? ' I began, but my husband spoke again. ' ; Tlie fact is, dear, I'm afraid we took the wrong turn somewhere. It's very evident this is not the way to Kiinberley. You see the track we've been following has quite disap peared.' ' What shall we do. Dick?' 1 asked, with all the courage 1 could muster. ' Hobble- the horses and camp here to-night. To-morrow we can go back to ] -aker's and try to exchange that crippled moke for a better one. Don't be frightened, Meg. It's only for one night, dear.' ?' Oil, I shall enjoy it,' I said, with a little gulp. 'It will be an adven ture to relate to the girls when we write, We can have a roaring fire, and-— you must teach me to make dampers and Johnny cakes and things.' 1 thought Dick looked at- me curi ously, ' \\\ hat a ravenous wife 1 have married ! ' said he. ?? i -on't you think we are both too tired for damper making to-night \\- Let us have some biscuits, and then you can lie down on my coat and be comfort able. ' But we must have a lire, Dick. 1 should like some tea.' ' I'm afraid, dear,' my husband said uneasily, ' that my matches are damp.'' 'Damp? Nonsense! You lit your pipe ten minutes ago.' ' My dear little woman, so 1 did. In fact J find its alight now ; but still I think we are best without a lire.' Then I understood. ' Oh, now 1 know ! You mean-— blacks ! ' He put his arms round me. ' There might not be any within twenty iniles, my Meg, but still, its best to be on the safe side,' 1 thought so, too, and soon w e were seated comfortably by the trunk of a fallen tree, eating biscuits and speak ing very low. Presently I felt my husband give a great start. I looked all round, and saw coming towards us a woma^, bareheaded and white-faced in the light of the moon. I could find no voice to shriek, but I clung to Dick, whose arm showed the marks of my fingers for many a day. I never had thought much about ghosts, but could a living woman walk about Ml«i. lnvw»lv iiliann ni ? ? uiguu ; J.11C stranger came quite close and spoke ; was not a ghost. ' ) ou have lost you way, I think,' said she. ' 1 suppose you arc Kohiy to Kiinberley ?' Dick explained our difficulties. ' Yes, I know where you left the right track,' said she. ' it was about live ii}j|es back.' TIlPH alio looked closely at me. ' I'ou do not look like one accustomed to camping out. My house is close by, and you are welcome to its shelter if you care to have it.' I still felt a little afraid, but my husband answered for me. ' It is very kind of you indeed, and we are most fortunate in having met you. Hit docs not put you out too much -yp be very glad to come with you.' Everything conies to Dick as a matter qc course, If the Gods bentow gifts he accepts them with a ' tliank you kindly' as liiu due, and if they withhold them he is perfectly resigned. He did not scum to think it the strangest thing in the world that we should be receiving hospitality from a woman who had evidently ' seen better days,' but was now living utterly alone in the dangerous wiids of Western Australia. Dick talked away easily flliout things i« general, as was his wont, even though it was evident that our hostess knew nothing and cared less for what was going on in the world. ' Would it be possible for us to cut through the bush and meet the right track to-morrow without going back?' Dick asked. '* '1 think not; the country between here and the Kiinberley road is very broken and rough, iand!the road itself is very badly defined. If you did ! chance to bit it you would probably cross it and get lost oil the other side.' ' And; the Mufrtry -juite uuin-j habited 91& 1 {uke&j; 'Jhlere in® b$ a townsl® or,%ettl«tfs ?6lose,;, --BiirjaJy ?7-s ' NeitJIer ^owtohip- nor^ ' i^manr; habitation within fifteen miles,,', ' But how can you li ve'-here all alone, and how do you manage when you want things?' 1 asked impul sively. ' 1 live here because 1 could not live anywhere else,' she answered slowly, 'and 1 grow nearly every thing J Avail t. Sometimes 1 have to go to Derby for provisions; 1 was there nearly a year ago, and some time before that I went to Kiinberley, and from that to Wyudham : but I hope I shall not have to go any more.' ' You must have wonderful courage ! Arc you not afraid of tli' blacks ? We were afraid to light a fire out there lest any of them should see it. Are there none about here?' The white face of the woman seemed to grow whiter, and her black eyes gleamed strangely. 'They will never come near here again,' said she. ' Were tliey bad once ? ' ' Yes, long ago. Ten years ago there was a murder done here — a hor rible murder.' She pressed both hands on her breast, then to her head and throat, as if tlie words were choking her. ' Oh, a horrible, hor rible murder,' she repeated. She went ami opened the window and looked out. ' Come here ; 1 will show you something.' She caught my arm and pointed to a big tree with bare, straggling branches. ' Do you see that tree — do you see the limb that stmds out fai ther than the rest ? Three of the murderers were caught, ! and hanged from that in the sight of I tlie whole tribe, and for weeks J used I to stand here and watch those dead I bodies swaying in tlie wind ? ' 'Oh, hush! 1 cannot bear it — it is too dreadful.' She did not seem to hear me, but went oil : '? Until at last they fell and whitened oil the ground : but I still go out when the moon is shining to look at those bleached bones- -I was there to-night !' 1 drew back in terror- that steady, j slow voice was really more horrible than the ravings of a maniac. Just then Dick, who had been smoking outside, came into the room. ' Are you admiring the beauties of a Northern night?' he asked me, and then, turning to our hostess, said with a laugh— ' My new-made wife failed to ap preciate it when we were sitting out liv that lo'r. It was verv luckv for us that we camped so near, and that you have been kind enough to take us in.' ' Now, Dick, you know I did not grumble! Though, or course, this is much nicer.' ' New-made wife,' the stranger re peated slowly. ' Then, of course, you would not grumble you would even | find a certain amount of poetry in being bushed. Five years hence a similar adventure would lill you with impatience.' 1 looked at the worn, white face with its crown of grey hair, at the toil-stained hands, and saw a thin gold ring on the wedding finger. ' But you are not a new-made wife, and yet you are full of patience in this wilderness ?' ' 1 patient — I ? ' And then for the first time I saw her smile, but it was a smile that made my eyes feel dim with tears. Dick was soon stretched on a coloured blanket in front of the lire sleeping audibly. J was to share the only bed with its owner. 1 would have much preferred a ' shake- down,' as Dick calls it, but 1 could not say so without seeming rude. The bed was at one end of the only room. A nar row curtain was stretched across to form a screen. I went to bed, but could not sleep. Through the narrow space where the curtain failed to meet the outer wall I watched our strange hostess as she washed the supper things, moving noiselessly over the floor as she put them away. When that was done she came aud stood beside my bed for a moment; 1 breathed regularly, and she thought 1 slept. She took an old grew sliawl from where it hung on a nail at the foot of the bed, and, throwing it over her shoulders, she glanced ones at my sleeping husband and passed out. Fragments of my old nurse's favou rite tale of horror rushed in my mind. . . 'It happened to a friend of my father's once when he was lost on the moor. . . An' the woman at the house where he came to gave him his supper and showed him his bed. . . lint the friend of my father's didu' go to schleep, praise bo ! he watched the woman out of his one eye, an tollowed lier when she went out of the house and met three men. . . The friend of my father's heard her say to the men, ' It's all safe now, he's aslileep !' ' and so on. The three men were robbers, of course. Impelled by a strange fear that I will not attempt to explain, I slipped out of bed, threw on my short riding-skirt and followed- I knew it was useless to think of waking Dick. Ha would have said, ' Daughter of Eve, lie down, and let poor woman alone.' lie would have made me do it, too, and 1 diil ho want to know where she was going. Aud so I crept past Dick, and followed. Quickly she sped down a narrow well-worn path running from the back of the house, and just as quickly, at a safe distance, I followed, bobbing under drooping blackboys, hurrying over every moonlit patch, and dodging from shadow to shadow. Soon she paused in a little open space — ,s7/c had not come out to meet three men, but to visit a long, green grave. From behind a tree I watched her as she knelt down and put her lips to the dew -laden grass. ' I am late, my love,' she murmured, 'late, j)ut 1 could not come before.' Then she stretched hev arms round the mound and. sohbed. ' Slie eaid I was patient. Oil, uiy own, my own 1 you know she .;V was wrong, ,1am sick and worn out with wuitmg day^fterKtaji aud year after yejtr, and no one will lielp me to dic1 (Ml ine or coiiie for me, darlin' —I havfyvvaited sdilbiig1!!' ° ' Like a thief, ajfiiamedjjl turned and crefit away. J *0;. j 