A HAUNTED HOUSE IN LONDON, A STRANGE STORY. EXPERIENCES OF A MINISTER'S FAMILY. To look at No. 27, St George's-road, Kilburn (says the Pall Mall Gazette of March 14), one would not suspect it of being haunted. There is nothing of the tumble-down coveted rain about it whioh the Christina* numbers have taught the world to associate with ghosts. It is a solid, substantial, com* fortable-iooking house, steading in about the middle of a rather imposing terrace, with « small garden, containing a few trashes in the front and a large plot of grass at the back ft is not by any means a new house, but it has so few marks of age about it that a self-respecting ghost would hardly have been expected to regard it as an eligible residence. Yet there are three people dwelling in tine house who assert confidently that they have each on separate occasions been the eye witnesses of ? remarkable apparition in the house. The Bey. G. S. Tyler, the minister at present attached to the Quex-road Wealeyan Methodist Chapel, and his family, who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told & Pali Mall Gazette reporter about it. The house has for many yean now been the dwelling plaoeof the various ministers who have encoeeded each other every three years at the Quex-road chapel. Mr. Tyler and his family have lived there now for IS months, "I have never Been the apparition myself, 1* said Mr. Tyler, "and have always been a con firmed unbeliever in spirit manifestations, and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, tbat my wife and my daughters Ada and Julie, aged respectively 20 and 19 yean, have distinctly seen a mysterious eomething, which, in the absenne of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition. They agree closely in their several descriptiont of the figure. A GHOST IN CLERICAL CLOTHES. It is that of a person attired as a, Wesleyaa minister might be, in black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey beard and keen peculiar eyes. It was my younger daughter who first met with the apparition. She will 4ell you in her own way. Hies Julie Tyler then took op the story. " I was standing at the corner of the stairs," she eaid. " and* I saw what I took to be pa. I bad gone to call him to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, and I ran op to posh him. I pasaed right through the figure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, but when I told the others they laughed at me. But then Ada, later on, saw the same figure, and then mother herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But X have since. So have we all." Miss Ada then related her fits* experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house wish a child onecSanday evening, and caw the figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into she house at first, until she observed the clerical cat of the figure's garb, and then recalled her aster 1* experience. Mrs Tyler's statement was tbat while passing oy the small room at the end of the passage one evening, she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there, as she thought. She ran upstairs to the study, and there found the actual Mr. Tyler in the flesh. It is in tiu* room at the end of the passage, indeed, where the apparition has been most frequently seen, and the ladies of the household do not care to venture hear it alone. It is a small roots looking out on to the back garden, but will! wooden shutters, which are fastened over th< glass in the evening. "It was in that room,* said Miss Julie, "that I met the figure faoetc face. I shall never forget his eyes—greyisk blue in color, and they seemed to look tight through me quite hungrily." KECOMMENDED TO THE PSTCHIQAI EOCTETT. It was a strange experience for the Pall MaS reporter to sit listening to these ghost storiei in broad daylight, for thd minister and hi( wife were responsible, unemotional, clean headed folk, and the two daughters are brigbfe intelligent English girls, with an *h^rm ot any indications of hysterical dispositions. They were as firmly convinced that they had seen come unaccountable figure as tbat they had seen the streets of Kubnm when they looked out of the window. The tnmiafrnr, while expressing utter inability to account for the declaration!! of his family, would not com tnit himself to any belief in the supernatural, but betrayed an interest in the whole subject whioh did not dovetail into his strained at tempts to laugh the matter over. In reply to farther questions be said tbat one ol the Wesleyaa ministers who had pre ceded him had died in thia house; and that when he told his friends of his family's experiences, he discovered for the first time that Mrs. Gibson, the wife of his im mediate predecessor in the house, had also met with some uncanny experiences. Asked whethe? he had taken certain floors op in his hunt for come explanation of the mystery—for so ran the gossip of the neighborhood—the rev. gentleman said that in the top bedroom there had long been a recurrent and intermittent smell of an utterly indescribable kind. The room was quite away from drains or anything which he could imagine as the cause for the effluvium, and the floor had been taken up in the search for the origin of the nuisance. Per haps in the same manner that Mr. Stead**! "Julia" writes his "copy," this mysterious clerical spirit comes to assist Mr. Tyler in thf preparation of his sermons. 