. | COP f RIGHT. WHO IS HE? , OR The Indian lahatma in , Australia. . ' i , ,J 'AN AUSTRALIAN STORY 07 thb Natural & Supernatural, by KENNETH HAMILTON E.&O.S; . ! ' 0' CHAPTER IX. alioe lamon's maddiaoe. So the ovo of my wedding-day arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by tho rivor where so many maidon hours had been passed in childhood delight in .the mere fact of liv ing, sought ibis time with a sore and re bellious heart. I sat gazing at tho swift flowing river thinking how olear and calm tho dopths lookod, and how sweet a rest I should find there were it not for tho piain it would cause my doarcBt mother, also faintly tho sonBO of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aaido tho awful veil of tho . . future life. No, no, I thought, I am young and strong ; other womon havo borne, I will ' " bear ; other women havo conquered, I will conquer. Ah, perohanco tho Mighty Creator will use me as nn instrument to soften his nature and to curb and savo this ovil. man. :V Truly that will bo something to live for — something to wait and liopo for. Mother says happiness is not tho end of life, nor ie it given to tho greatest, tho purest, or the holiest to havo had a happy life. What am I that I should demand it ? I will bo bravo and tako ' what has beon forced on mo in tho best way I con, and God will help mo. But, oh it is" bard not to havo a scrap of love oven to begin : with; and womanly tears bogan to flow when "Alice, Alice !" called out my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my consternation. Ho had ovidontly boon drinking, but not . sufficiently to rub off all tho vonoor with which ho had overlaid his real oharaotor dur ing tho pnst three weeks. Ho approached quietly and attempted to throw his arm about my waist, hut I eluded tho familiarity. " Alice, dear," said he,'" to-morrow will see tho consummation of our happiness. Bo you anticipate it as I do, I wondor. Of course you know X am not a saint ; hut, at anyrato, there are sinners as bad as lam." I ropliod (ib kindly as I could that there wore plenty of men who could hardly be re- gardod as saints, though I had had very littlo experience of men either saints or sinners. This rather tiokled his fanoy, and he told mo with a laugh that his oxperienco of the other sex was a littlo more extensive than mine was of his. " I have no doubt," ho continued, "that you and I shall jog along os comfortably as other married folk. Wo shall both have to give and take,, hut if you don't look too closely at my faults — I suppose I have them like other people — I'll promise not to hunt out yours. Taking everything into nccount it is a sensible way to commence married life. I don't think I have gained what peoplo talk so muoh about — your woman's hoart — but, at all events, I am sure of your woman's fidelity. \- Is there no ohanco of gaining anything more than. that, Alice dear?" ho whispered, and again attempted to como closer to me. What was it that held mo baok then? Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I was held baok ? Perhaps — butno. There was no response in my hoart to his soft, whispered words, and I bad notlearned to be wf- a hypocrite. I was silent. : The man then showed his real character. He got up from where he had thrown him- self by my side, and, with a course laugh, said: " All right, my bonnie wife, that is to he ; my innings will come some timo or or other. Now, I will leavo you to your reveries." Had I done right? that was the question. I hod seriously debated whothor at the last moment X should hot defy consequences nnd refuse to sacrifice myself. Now, X had thrown down tho glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and I thought myself un generous. Want of generosity, X think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling that I bod treated badly the man who bad a right, perhaps, to oxpect some return to bis ad- vanoes, did much to rcconcilo mo to the ordeal of the morrow. 1 remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after ho had gono. Tho troubles of my past life — short as it was — orowded on my memory, but tbe future had little of pro mise. Was it always to bo like this? Was lifa nothing hut a woarisomo change from bud to worse? Whore wore the recom penses ? It was a weariod woman, no longer a light- hearted girl, who retraced weary, steps to tho house that night, having buried all the girlish hopes and longings in a grtivo by tho river — tho "river, my ohUdish play-mate, my girl hoods' friend — the laughing, smiling river. Many a sad day e'er X saw my river again, and how changed then was I from the girl who said a sod farewell on her wedding ere ! . Yet all through the river flowed on and on un changed. , Not to linger over this wrenching asunder of homo ties, tho fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, hut pale,' heart-striokon, still brave for my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey nnd dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father with his blustering ways and loud voice— " No 'thon, Agnes, no whimpering. Mrs. . ; Barton wants something to eat, so lead' the 'way with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the , rear, eh, parson? I know you're hungry— look it, .poor devil. Eh — -what! don't know tho devill- Wril, mydear sir, Xrfo; mot himin . India where ho took the namo of Nana Sahib jand, disappeared' in brimstone and blue . j blazes. By Jqvo, it's a .foot, sir. Saw him ' .'him mynelf— in faot was drinking brandy . : pawnee." ! So he rattled on in his usual overhearing , etylo in groat good humor at having gained his point, for we wero to live for a time at least on an estate he hod ' reoentiy purchased in Aharon. "We wont over to Molboiirno for a month; and' returned to toko my mother with us for a visit to New Zealand. . - The six months that followod wero indeed i delightful, as my darling mother remained the whole of that timo quiotly with me in . lovely Akaioa before my father saw fit to re call her home in suoh a peremptory style that there was no eluding tho oommand. Long before this Georgo had tlirownaside 1 tbe sljght reserve that ho assumed during the . .. first months of our married lifo and showed / more of. that reoklcss disregard of all and 'everyone save himsalf that afterwards ruined not only ourmarried lifo hut also eyoryohance of his .own life and tho parting with my mother was in conscqnenaa full of bitterness .to her, for tho absolute knowledgo that she left , the ono dearest .on earth to her in tho i 'care" 6f -a"maa who regarded all women as .merely the ' slavish creatures created for tho ' , ' musemcntimd ue of moo-. ' The day before "mother roeeived tlio -lotto from father, as we returned from a sail in the harbor, (Georgo had purohnscd a yacht the first tiring after we come to our own home) and were walking quiokly over the lawn iri front of thp drawing-room windows, a dark, swarthy man pcored out of tho lilao bnshos on my right .hand, and, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, said : " Your husband, madam, roquireB you." " How ?" sdid she in astonishment. "I know,"' ho replied, with a- singu lar smile. " X know, as X know many things — rand moro — X know that he will shortly meet his fate. Should X tell you? A dreadful fate it will be, hut ho brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. lust as tho tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the ooean sends a thrill throughout all its measureless volumo, act ing on every' land, and perhaps re-aoting throughout tho whole universe ; so our every aotion, howover trivial we may suppose it to ho, hoe its dofined consequences and results. Hia note, you know, have not been those the consequences of whioh he could anticipate without apprehension." " What do you mean?" said poor mother, with mingled fear and perploxity. But ho was Bilent — only the samo smile re mained on his calm, unmoved face. "Man, man! Who are you!" I oried, " daring to terrify ono so frail as my mother. You cannot know. Wo do not live in tho daye of , prophesy and witchcraft !" "Nay, fair lily, not so fast; you havo yourself the gift of prophesy, , the gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witohes X shall bestow on you if you will. I have the power, and more ihan that look steadfastly at mo till I leavo you." So saying he waved his hands twice over my heqfi and X became rigid and intent, whon, marvellous to state, I saw only a 'cloud of white vapor, whioh seemed slowly to glido before this dread man, with his picroing eyes, and when in a fow seconds it had oleared away, he, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright sunlight and tho smooth expanse of tho lawn which po one could cross without being scon by both of us. So we b tared into each other's faces, half dead with fear ; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voico from beside us exolaimod — 1 ' Daughter of earth, tho Indian holds many seorets in his breast, the result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as the earthly body. Seek for yourself tho knowledgo of whioh X speak." Fainter and fainter the concluding sen tences, and in a fow minutes all was still. Too terrified to speak, wo grasped hands and flod through tho drawing-room window.' . " Hollo 1" said George from whero he was lying stretched- full length on tho sofa. "Hallo, what tho deuce is up now? You women look as if you'd seen Lady Maebeth's own spcoial ghost." " Oh, George, suoh a dreadful man in the garden — an Indian — and I believe he's tho saino who carao to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne ;" and thorcupon began a duct between my mother and me as we tried to relate tho wondorful thing to George. Ho sat up and said : " Phow ! By Jingo, tho same old bard who told mo X should soon bo his, though how I cannot say. Certainly ho's a rum specimen — ughl (looking round) I feel as if the beggar was hero now." A soft sigh from the comer by the piano made us all throe turn towards that part of room, when a sardonic laugh and — " Good-night, my frionds, remember tho magio of India is not dead or impotent so long KB her sons livo on the face of tho earth. EoBt. I go now. Whon next I como you will know moro. Good-night." For opco George threw his arm around me in a kindly .way. . „ " Awful, old girl, isn't it? If that fellow's not the devil himself ho is his chief officer. No wonder you both look scared. By Jovo, I'll have to take a glass of brandy-mysolf be fore I got tho sound of it out of my oars." After this mother was in a continual fright and worry, so oboyed my father's summons homo all the more readily, . for she was nj woman whose watch-word was " duty," and well did sho cany it out to tho end. Two yoats passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for mo. Drinking, strearing, gambling, racing — fast in every way, George led tho life he loved host, and soon got through what money he hod from his fsthc?i Often after e. fcY wrecks spent in Auoklandor Dunodin he would come homo bringing a troop of men and fast women and brder mo to ho oivil and entertain them well. XiO thing my work I was forced to ho coldly polite to peoplo whom X desplsod and detested, brought, as they were, by my own husband to my own homo. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. " Madam, am I master hero or pot? I do at I like, and the soonor you know it tho better— no matter what you think. Who cares ? Got out if it doesn't please you !" Awful as this all is, many a time had I to sully my oars' listening to what was a thou sand dogrccB worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses whon ho wan pleased to bo in what he called "tho deuce of a good temper;" but I could generally, I found by this tune, get rid of him by writing a cheque and persuading him (not muoh per suasion ncedod) to go and onjoy tho raocs or any other festivity of whioh I ohanced to hoar, und then a few days or perhaps weeks helped mo to hear a lifo almost unbearable and growing daily worse. This spring a hope oumo to mo that before long a sweot wee form would lie in my arms ; littlo arms would twine round- my neck and soft woo lips be pressed to mine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood ! how wonderful filiou art !, What can compare with thee! Thus the Oatholio church makes, the mother-heart of Mary tho fpunt of al lovo and pity, for sho know tho joys and trials of a woman. Yet even this, did not soften- George, and his treatment of mo bccamo more and moro brutal. Well do I remember his oruol handfl wrenching my hair, his blows, ourscs andevon kicks. Borne six weekshoforo tho birth of my child X was vory, ill and .had' to call m tho doctor, whoso kind . care got ' me round and whoso, sympathetic voioo and kindly ad vice were to me .at that' timo and indeed ever aince tho greatest comfort I. 'know— tho only friend whom I dared trust with, all tbe humiliating bitterness of my life. Atlastmy baby oamo- — aorownof joy and delight. How I loved my sweet ono; How I crushod his woo foim against my hoart in a passion of thanksgiving to' God for so won derful a gift. I know my jittlo ono's thought — his wants— even before ho waseonsoidus of tbem himself, and far him I made a stand, thatjill his property should not be spent in riotous living. Let mo pass by that scene. My hoy was but a few months old when his father, in sulted mo and him with the last outrage, wlrioh a woman has to endure on earth ; hut thoro his power exceeded its limit. ' I simply walked to my room, and, taking my child in my arms, bado the nurse follow me to tho prin cipal hotel in Akaroa since tho polluted house was no longer fit for iny babe nnd mo. 7 A fortnight later George auceoeded in foro- ing an intorvibwbri mo, whim, ho demanded a largo sum .of money' at onoe, threatening to kill mo if I did not consent to give him what would ruin- my ' child. Fortunately, Dr. Olafko was within hearing, having called to ascertain if ho could servo me in any matter. Ho came when I called, and Georgo imme diately' and blankly consented to' leave -for Melbourne at oncei on the receipt of a chequo for LI, 000, whioh' X gave him. : ' " Gopd-hye, Qeorgc," I said, holding out my hand. " Things miirht liavo been dif ferent if you had So willed. I hnvo been a good and faithful wifo, and I do not forget you are tho father of my boy. God grant you may grow tired of ovil and come home to us at Inst. Good- byo." Ho turned and scowled, but never a word. Henceforward my life rait smoothly. I had a .'few friends— my hooks, my, piano, my. paint-box, and last and chiefest joy of all I had my blessed boy . His sweet voioo ohcered me ; for him 1 grow mbrry again ; ' for him I sang arid danced over the house and up and down the garden paths. X wps his com panion and playmate ;. his friend and adviser, later on, and ho — Ah, he was my inmost joy ! Infinitely more precious than my own life was this pne wlrioh drew all its life from mo, . which was so fasoiiiating in its olinging, helploss dependence on mo — nay, I could not havo lived hnd it not been for the infinite delight and care my boy was to me. So God gives us women mother-hearts, and in the experience thus gained teaohes us His great truths and lessons nnd draws us over up ward and onward towards' that spiritual lifo which so nearly surrounds us. I . tried - to learn all I could of that life so that X might be tlie more fittod to load and teaohmy son in all goodness, purity and holiness, and bo tho time passodon. , My mother was now living with mo. Dear soul, sho had gone through , muoh. A few months after my Geoffry was born my father disappeared in a most uncanny way. X had been on a visit to Tasmania and was thero at the time. An Indian hawker oame one'dixy and my father lifted his whip to strike hini for daring to pester the house withhis wares, when tho. Xhdian lifted his hand and uttered a sentence in a foreign language. My father looked soared and turned away with a ourse,' and for soveral days afterwords walked about looking half dazod, spoke gently even lovingly to iny mother, and one day, after kissing her gently on tho cheok, saying : "Lio down and rest, Agues wifie, while I go out with tho dogs for a bit." He wont out, and though soaroh was mado far and near no ono has over hoard of or seen him since. After waiting for nearly a year, ( hoping against hopo, mother came over to me and my hoy, and of all the households in Akaroa ours was, I am sure, tho most happy and restful, save when tho momoiyof tho In dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of tho ill-doings of the scape-grace husband are wafted to us ; no cloud dimmed our sky ; all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered how any woman could every deem the lovo of a man of nny oonacquonco, especially when sho has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven-sent soul with its b nowy purity to lovo and to train. So ends the first part of my story, com mon-place enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom thoy loathe in tho intimacy of daily life ; hundreds of wives are ill treated ; hundreds deserted ; hundreds have baby hoys or girls to love, and tho common, overy-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a orown of joy or a crown of thorns, and no one oarcs, for women hear and suffer in silence — their timo is not yot. I have said little about anything but tho ciraumstanceB more intimately .connected with my own lifo. X have said nothing of tho death of the old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how base and oruol his son was and what a wrotohod sacri fice had been made of mo. The old man died in my arms; blessing me as Mb only comfort for years, and his last words wore a whispered prayer for forgiveness. He had that fom giveness, and he know that it was from my heart. I have said littlo of my poor hrothor who ran tho race of wickedness and brought sor row arid disgrace on us all. Sorrow and dis grace are not subjects we: love to dwell on, and if they havo to. be painted it is not by the hand , of ono that has to bear the load. My share of sorrow was great, but tho disgraco was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different world would it bo if we were made responsible for tho deeds of our own hand alone 1 ) ' ' I ' ; CHAPTER X. ALICE CONTINUES HEH NARRATIVE. The years glided quietly by ; little or no thing occurred to disturb tho even tenor ot our way. Thon my sweet mother went to linr rest nnd her home, but she' promised mn she would always guard and watoh over her child, which I know she does. Life booamo quieter, and would have been for me infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old ; so thoughtful and companionable ; so strong and so merry, and not tho smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes — tho faot of his entire devotion to that mother. Boat ing, orioketing — whatever tho amusement or study it was with his mother as his' com panion. Often X wondorcd at my sense of freedom, and I thought that tho long-ago comrade of my own ohildish days was again with me. My poor brothor "Will— no doubt dead long since in Victoria. X never could trace him, and of late I did not stir in tho matter — selfishly, perhaps, fearing to hour of Georgo, iny husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good friend and adviser, mado inquiries quietly for mo once or twice, but nothing came of it. " Let sleeping dogs lie," ie a favorito phrase of the good dootor's," and maybo tho inquiries were somewhat slnok. . I had orossed tho ominous thirty boundary whon "tho whole of my lifo undorwont a moat thrilling ohango. It occurred in thin wise : "Wo had returned from a visit to Obristohuroh and hud brought a young friond of Geoffry's to spend a few weeks with us, Geoffry como to mo ono day with a request that I should go up tho mountains on a camping excursion, while ha and his friond hunted all tho wild things they could sco. I could not urrango it, not foaling well, and for some timo refused him, but he coaxed and potted mo till at last I gavo'wsy against my own judgment as Dr. Clark, his gonorol companion, 'wiiB unablo to go with liiim on acoount of (he expeotod or-, rival'of a friend from tho old couritry. " Good-bye, niothor 'sweetest. I won't , camp this time. "We will wait till you oome homo — nothing perfect without you. I shall , be homo at eight to tea." ... " Good-bye, my son of eons. Lottico will . make your favorite cakes," I gaily answered -. my bright- faced lad. .... . Alas ! gazing' casually out -of the window up the.'mountain path about fivo o'olook I was startled at soeipg. a quoor little procession; slowly, making its way down : first my boy's ' friend, Harry Haleomb, then two men carry- ! ing someorie, followed by my boy's great ; dog, .Bruno, with drooping head anditaU. " Heavens, my boy is dead !." I .'screamed and flow up tho path to meet them. Harry ran on. "Donr Mrs. .Barton, Geoff, is hurt, but not dead," ho called out. " Thank God 1" I oriod, my hanfia holding I my heart tight. - "Mother darling, don't cry, . I'll soon bo all right," ' wbiaporod .Geoff.' as I took his- hand and bontovor hini. _ 7 i . ' "Hush," my child ; fio not speak. Mother ! will take cam of you.'-' , ' Twico' ho fairitod with agony' before we ' got him undressed 'and .laid, iri my latest room, for .his leg-; was badly broken iu two. plnoe8nndthepainwa8'intense.'.7.-,,« :| Servants had gorio flying for Br. Cfiirko, . SLrid in 'a 'short ' time 7l hoard' somo one come into the rooro whero-X was fineeliiig holding;;' niy darling's hands.:, V; 7 - 77; \\\>h "'V; -77 