SUPREME COURT— CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, October 3. [Before his Honor the Chief Justice.] ABBAIGNMENTS. George Jeffrey Evan Price (19) admitted having obtained by means of false pretences £4 from William George Cooper with intent to defraud ; also £5 from Theo. J. C. Hantke and Co.; also £5 from John E. Jeffreys, and £10 from Arthur Richmond Addison. His Honor in passing sentence said for this offence Price waa liable to imprisonment for the term of his natural life, and there were men still living in whose lifetime such an offence would have been punishable with death. The prisoner had been well brought up and educated, so that in his case the crime was worse than if it had been perpetrated by an uneducated man who had » number of children to support. Price had been before the court previously and his first offence had been treated lightly. This time, however, he would go to gaol for three years with hard labor on each offence, the sentences to be con current. Oscar Miers (16)' pleaded guilty to a charge of feloniously breaking and entering the dwell ing-house of Osmond Giles and stealing there from moneys to the value of 3d. and keys valued at 3s. Cd. It was stated ohat the prisoner bad only be in the colony a very short while. His Honor advised Miers to adopt a different course. He regretted that the Legis lature had not so amended the criminal law as he had so often recommended that all mis demeanents under IS years of age could be punished by whipping. Six months with hard labor. John Parrel, alias Fanning (65), acknow ledged having feloniously entered the dwelling house of Albert Henry Lines and stolen there from jewellery to the value of £2 12s. 8d. Prisoner stated that he arrived in the colony in 1849 and led an upright life until the year 18S5, when he was tried before Mr. Justice Bundey. Owing to his previous good charac ter the judge had dealt leniently with him, and on being dismissed from gaol he went to sea. Last March, however, he was unable to leave the colony in the Torrene, as he was suffering from a wonnd he had received in the China war when fighting for his country. He askeij his honor to give him another chance, as he wished to go to Eng land, where he could obtain a home in an in stitution originated by Prince Alfred on bis presenting a certificate showing the length of his service. If his honor dealt lightly with bis case he would go back to sea, 'as on the deep water honesty was the best policy.' His Honor — 'You are old enough to know better.' Prisoner — 'If you give me another chance, your honor, I will pray for you.' His Honor — 'Eighteen months with hard labor.' Prisoner — 'Long life to your honor.' PEnjt'EY. Willi vm Thomas McEnlirc, a young man, was charged with committing perjury at the Local Court, Kadina, on July 16. Mr. P. McM. Glynn defended. The Court ruled that as a record of the proceedings in the Local Court, Kadina, had not been put in, the production of the plaint summons and the appearance was not sufficient for purposes of prosecution. His Honor, therefore, directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was dismissed.' - CHARGE OP ATTEMPTED MCHDEK. Hamilton Armstrong (44) was charged with wounding Sarah Armstrong with intent to kill and murder at Carrondown on July 24, and also with wounding her with intent to do grievous bodily barm. Mr. V. F. Smith, who appeared for the prisoner, made a preliminary objection that the indictment charged the prisoner with intent to kill and also to do grievous bodily harm. If the prisoner had intended to murder his wife he could not have intended to do her grievouB bodily harm. His Honor did not agree with Mr. Smith, Sarah Armstrong, who appeared in court with her head bandaged, said for some time pre vious to July 24 her husband had been away to Melbourne. Up to that time they had been on good terms. She remembered that she was dressing on the morning of July 24, when something happened about which Bhe knew nothing. When she recovered her senses she was lying on the floor. Could not remember whether she felt pain. She was quite well on the previous night, and had never bad any disagreement with her huBband. Prisoner eaid to her that he was going back to Mel bourne because be had lost his salvation. He had been in the Salvation Army in the other colony, and he thought it would do him good to go back and work for the Lord. They had been married ten months, and since then prisoner had done no work. Witness had known Armstrong for a year or more before the marriage. She had met him at the Carron down Baptist Church. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith — Witness said on one ocoasion she was walkinjr through the Botanic Gardens with prisoner when he attempted to jump into the water. Armstrong was sometimes restless while asleep. By the Crown Prose cutor—After their marriage he had taken a considerable amount of drink. Witness sup plied him with funds. Dr. Robert Stuart, of Hindmareh gave evi dence that he was called to Mrs. Armstrong's house on the morning of July 24. Mrs. Arm strong was suffering from a soalp wound on the back of the head, but there were no symptoms of depression. The iron dog produced might have caused the wonnd. A subsequent exami- : nation by Dr. Poulton bad revealed -three 'ad- ditional wounds of lesser magnitude. Tbefouc wounds could not have been caused by one blow, and an operation bad to be performed to save her life. He did not think that she was in danger now. Lance-Gorporal Booth, stationed at Hind marsh, stated that the; prisoner had visited fcha police-station at it a.ni. on July 24, and bad given himself up, stating at the same time that be had killed bis wife. He was excited and anxious to be placed in the cell. Witness went to the house and found Mre. Armstrong lying on the bed, her olothing being saturated with blood. The iron dog produced was lying on the floor, and several hairs had adhered to the ornament. When cautioned the prisoner said — ' I must have been mad ; I hit her with the iron dog.' On the following morning prisoner told witness that he bad been suffering from religions mania, and had been for two weeks in the Melbourne Hospital. Dr. A. S. Patterson (Colonial Surgeon) said he had examined the prisoner, and observed his actions closely since his admission to the gool, and had not been able to detect any disease of the brain or impaired intelligence or memory. He appeared to possess self control, and witness beliaved he understood the difference between right and wrong. Arm strong had informed witness that he had been in the hospital ward of the Melbourne Gaol on account of inability to control .himself, and that he had suicidal indentions. He further contended that he was insane at the time he oommitted the offence, Buffering from religious mania and irresistible impulse. Prisoner had also said that he was now sane. Mr. Smith said he would confine his evi dence merely as to the state of the accused's mind. Sarah Ann Wilson, a widow, of South Mel bourne, gave evidenoe to the effect that pri soner, who was her cousin, had visited her house on June 23, and talked about religion. He said he had sinned against the Holy Ghost ; that he could not get forgiveness ; and that hell was open before him. He had then knelt down and prayed. Witness went out with him on the following day, and when in Smith street, Collingwood, he had knelt down on the footpath and prayed, and after wards made a considerable noise by shouting out. Witness called in a doctor, who prescribed for him, and after his departure prisoner asked for a knife as he wished to cub his throat. On the following morning he was found hanging up in the yard by a dogchain. He was taken down, after which he stated he would have to put an end to himself. He then attempted to hang himself with a clothes-line, and subsequently gave himself in charge to the police. After bis release on July 8 prisoner stayed with witness, and he appeared as mad as ever. Armstrong's aunt had died in a lunatic asylum in Ireland. Witness bad known him all his life, and was cot aware that he indulged in drink. Miss Wilson, a daughter of the previous witness, gave corroborative evidence. John Porter, chemist, of Rundle-street, stated that on July 21 Armstrong visited his establishment. Witness asked him what was wrong with him, and he replied— ' Every thing is the matter. I ought not to have come back from Melbourne. A voice told me on the steamer that I ought not to have come back.' When asked as to whether he had been drinking Armstrong said he had not been drinking for a fortnight. Prisoner also made a statement to the effect that the devil had sent him back to Adelaide, and he had com mitted a sin which he could never forget. Witness could not detect any traces of drink about Armstrong. Dr. Patterson, recalled, said — After hearing the evidence that Armstrong had suffered from religious melancholia with suicidal and homicidal impulses, and that he had been dangerous, ha would say that when examined at the gaol Armstrong knew the difference between right and wrong. A period of calm usually succeeded the outburst of violence. He had heard of cases where a great moral shock had led to the disappearance of symptoms of insanity. Symptoms arising from drinking might last for some time after the drinking had been discontinued. Witness said he would rather not reply to the question put by his Honor as to whether any portion of the evidence indicated irresistible impulse. His Honor addressed the jury at great length, dealing carefully with the case from every point, which he explained lucidly. There was no dnnbii that the woman had been wounded, and if prisoner was not responsible for his actions he would have to be acquitted. They could dismiss from their minds any consideration of the point raised as to whether the injury was inflicted through uncontrollable impulse. After retiring for about an hour^the jury re turned a verdict of 'attempted murder.' His Honor said he had never met with a more wanton or cruel act. The plea of in sanity had been presented to the jury, who had come to the conclusion that he was re sponsible for his actions at the time of the offence. They were of opinion that when this, act was committed the prisoner was in a position to judge as to its quality. It was a wonder that he had not killed h.is wife, as it was evident that two blows had been struck. An attempt to kill was as bad as a case where a man carried his motive into effect, and in this in stance it was merely an accident that Mrs. Armstrong had not died. His Honor did not feel justified in allowing a man of Armstrong's character to remain at large, and he would take full advantage of the provisions of the Act. Armstrong was liable to imprisonment for life, and he would receive the extreme sentence that the law would allow. It might be that after long years of servitude he would gain his liberty, but it was impossible for him to make any promise. Armstrong would be imprisoned with hard labor for the term of his natural life. DISCHAHGED. Henry Easper Seeker (45), who had been charged with unlawfully quitting the province with intent to defraud J. A. j. Kneese, to whom he owed £10, was on the certificate of the Attorney -General discharged. At 7.55 the court adjourned till the follow ing day. 