A PILGRIM'S PENCILLIXGS FOR THE PULPIT, PLAT FORM, AND PEW. "Wn.vr institution is tlieve on tlie eaVtli that can be •compared to the i: Clnirdi of the living God ? It is a study for tho historian, philosopher, infidel, -christian, and statesman. ] ts history stretches back "through all the ages to Paradise. It exists for the ' regeneration of humanity lis message is' one of peace and gladness, offering the priceless gift of Salvation with all its joj'd. The Hebrew Church was adapted to the position and character of a single people ; the Christian Church is for all peoples and • all lands. In the best sense we understand the the terra church to mean. A SOCIETY OR BELIEVERS WHO EFAL1SE SALVATIOX IX JESUS. Many such are referred to in Paul's. Epistles. And thank God many such exist to-day. All such experience the uniting bond "Christ ill you the hope of Glory" and form the one great Christian -church. Milton thought of them when he said :— Such delight, bath God in men Obedient to His will, that H-; vouchsafes Among mtn to set up Hi* tabernacle, The Iloly One with mortal men to dwell. Into this society all who receive Christ as their Saviour are admitted without being asked—" Who baptised you? How old is your creed? What .garments do you wear?" Thrown open by no .mortal's hand, its portals are entered by all who are born from'abovo, and experience the power of an indwelling a.nd risen Redeemer. C1IUI8TIAKITT KJfOWB SOIKRSG-OF XAJ&aOWXESB.; There are some professors of peculiar beliefs who wrap themselves ah out with sectarian garments, live in a nutBhell, sing out of their own little hymnbook and breathe their own little heaven. Into their secrets we have no desire to come. He' who founded the Church intended her to be the f+BAND UNIFIES OF THE RACE. Within its pale all kinds of men were to be gathered. Distinctions weie to be obliterated; differences were to be forgotten; there was to bo neither Jew nor Oenfilo, Greek nor barbarian, bond nor free. If there had been no party strife in the Church no <XJntroversies, no jealousies—what' would have been her strength, and inftuence to day ? Tha human race ie one, and tltffl 1 unity admits of numberless Yftritieft and diversities in appearance, in •colour, in language, and tribes and nations. So the Church may be one in the unity of the Spirit «nd the bond of peace. Shall we refuse to communicate with those with whom the Lord Jesus is in •communion ? No doctrinal differences which do not subvert personal faith in Christ should separate churches. The Atonement is the uniting link between God and man. Surely at the Cross we can unite and say:— lt Oar Father." It was Christ's own self-sacrifice that threw such a spell over the Apostles, and gave theni a new feeling towards their fellow men, and a new estimate of life with all its glorious possibilities. Seeing how Christ lived and died they could not live for self, henceforth they must live to get good from heaven and do good to everybody on earth. Are we Apostolic in this respect ? The heart of the age is sighing for one ness of spirit among Christians. We hear tho echoes of an earnest prayer on every hand, for the Church to practice as well as preach the great doctrine of the brotherhood of men. jrETiioDisr uyiox is in the air just no\,. Ir the Wesleyans, Bible Christians, and Primitive Methodists were to form one church, there is no doubt that such a union of forces would be a mighty power for good. There would be a saving of resources in men and means, a lessening of sectarian rivalry and a silencing of many of the objections of unbelievers. In the important -discussion for union in all its phases it should be characterised by peace and goodwill. Tho debator who loses his temper over it is certainly not a model Methodist nor brotherly. Doubtless fifty years ago there were reasons for assuming the distinctive names," Wesleyan" "Bible Christians" and "Primitive Methodists"—do these reasons exist to day? Thero are difficulties of property, funds, and men ; can those be adjusted ? if there is to be union it must rest on a firm basis. Can this be found? If twenty years ago the great Methodist Family of the world had adopted one hymn-book they might have been one before now. At the Ec umenical Conference of 1881, I heard a member of it sav—" As the Cross unites <all Christians, the Bible all Protestants, so one hymn-book should unite all Methodists." In doctrine, modes of worship, earnest aggressive work, all Methodists are substantially one ; then what is it that hinders union ? Bring water to the little one, take the man to the water, and faith in the adult and innocenco in- the child qualify for baptism. For the consummation of Mcthndist Union we want mora childlike innocence, a strong faith, and the baptism of the Holy -Ghost. I believe the real question at issue is the niGIIT or THE LA1TJT to an pqual and influential place of government of the <3hurcl). Have the la\ men with brain, grace, and consecrated common-sense this right 1 Changes there have baen in the "Old Body," but are the? of such a nature as to meet the desires of those belonging io tie other branches of Methodism? These arc matters reserved in tho WesleyanConferenceforruinisteiial consideration, fuch as thestaiioning of ministers and ministerial status and character. If these are not essential to the Church, can they be given up for the equably of ministers and laymen^ Is the Wesleyan Church prepared to yield ministerial supremacy to lay representation pure and simple? "I believe," sajs one, "in lay-representation, out and out, all along the line, prayer-meetings and class-meetings, Sunday, monthly, and quarterly gatherings, and in the Conference from the beginning to the close, from the line?, i And are we yet alive, And see ench other's face?' right 3ii to the benediction. ' May the grace, etc.' " But another sajs,. with conviclion and emphasis also, "I don't believe in all this representation." In all churches there is a supremacy, and will be in the United Methodist Church of the future—a supremacy arising from a Christlike character, and the exercise of sanctified gifts. These are not the days for Christians to quarrel with one another. The Church of God was assailed by mighty foe's the enemy is at the gate mocking at our jealousies and divisions. God is calling us to battle, and we march, not in sinlge file, to the conflict, or in broken or disordered ranks, but in compact masses, led forth by the Captain our salvation. We must be more than mere allies to one another. Blucher helped Wellington, and both shared in the honours of Waterloo. The true Waterloo of .the Church is yet to come, and blessed are they who help to win it. Bishop Joice, addressing the North Ohio Conference, not long ago, said :—" Orthodoxy means that ministers should go where they are sent. If you be lieve in that say 'Amen ! ' " And the ministers, with united voice, responded, "Amen J " Then turning to the laymen present, the Bishop said, " Will you take the preacher I send you, and try aud make his.work a saccess ? If so, say ' Amen ! ' " And the laymen -vero as good as the ministers, and rose to the occasion and Bhouted " Amen" Will the President of the Wesleyan Church, losing sight of his own personality, and speaking for his brother and all the circuits, kindly try the experiment next week ? ' 