€ntmb0. Theatre. Rinking. Paintings. Cyclorama. Waxwork*. Art Gallery. General rains. Farmers delighted. Both Houses again. Sunshine after rain. The reign of measles, Victoria off to London, Country looking glorious. Tom Brooker at home ill. Rinking the fashion again. Yankee bimetallisti fearfuL Dog Show opens on Friday. Clearing up f ot the holiday. A whole afternoon over butter. Professor E. J. Wivell leaving ui. St. Paul's Church to be completed. Races at Morphettville on Friday. Zoo on Friday, 3d. and Id. Good. Obit.—Rev. R. L. Coward, aged 87. Copley wants to pay for his dinners. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day, 29*30. Rabbits increasing in the North-East. Narracoorte almost deified old Parke*. Artists of the first rank at the Theatre. South Adelaide v. Norwood on Friday. Sir J. W. Downer on " natural rights." Retail assistants' smoke social to-night. Un-Happy Valley cases resumed to-day. Singular dis?overy—a political oonsoience. Good attendanoe at Adelaide Skating Rink.. Dibbs is not a diplomat; he is only amusing. Mr. Angas spoiling the Victorians for cattle prizes. Rev. J. W. Owen an authority on fanaticism. Lord Salisbury and ChaCey Baker on the sick list. Mr. W. H. Jude among the merry Maioni to-night. The sea contains in solution 2,000,000 tons of silver. ' Another little squabble over tlw New Hebrides. Institute of Architects concerned about bnr verandahs. Tenders invited to finish St. Paul's Churoh externally. Cyclone in the Stats of Georgia; damage, £2,000,000. Dibbs promise! to worry the Freetiadsrs dreadfully. The offer Mrs. Ererard made woke up St. Paul's people. Sir John Downsr on "Land Nationalization" on page 4. A scheme of "Aerial Navigation" to ba sprung upon us. Grand ooncert at Albert Hall to-night by Mrs. Sara Barnard. The measles epidemic is far more carious Asa we at first supposed. A bright and hopeful piotura of Wasters Australian prospects. Sir John's arguments ware mostly prapaied Professor Huxley. Sir John agrees that people should b« reuired to utilise land. The Laplander sleeps in a big reindeer skin to keep him warm. Dr. Magarey leading a forlorn hope agtlftat London Wine Depot. Those who have to carry the banners sua nxious about the weather. Where natural rights are conflicting, the attle is with the strongest. Kondoparinga, Butter Factory won a speoial champion prize in Melbourne. Glenelg flooded August 30, 1875. H«4vj rains in all the settled districts. Rev. J. W. Owen says he threw th* W.C.T.U. literature in the fire unread. Sun rose at 6.21 a.m. ; sets at 5.39 p.m. Moon set at 7.52 a.m.; rises at 8.43 p.m. They have now a band of "willing workers" at St. Paul's, and publish a monthly magazine. Great Britain wanting 24,000,000 qoartetl of wheat this year. No wonder she's a freetrader. France is. said to be on the point of annexing the New Hebrides. Call the Fedaral Council ! Farewell appearance to-night of Melbontue Popular Concert Company at Xxhibition Building. The Government accumulating a reservoir of bitter tears of tribulation over the Happy Valley oases. A cynical Adelaidean asks if the taxation of vacant land will apply to unused allotments in the cemetery? M- F. Cavanagh wants a mora piotureaqne and varied treatment of the Australian verandah and balcony. The better class of the Philippine Islanders smoke cigars a foot long. How would Sir John like one of these? The Rose Park School should be connected with the deep drainage at once; it ia only " some 300 yards ofi. After a successful tour in the other oolon&s; Mr. T. Hudson brings all his musical stars to Adelaide this morning. Dr. Magarey's definition of "bona fide" was "thirsty." He was thinking of "bona fide traveller." Smart. A Federated Australia could speak is tones that would make France respect her over the New Hebrides question. "The prosperity of a State depended upon the intelligent conduot and behaviour of the members of the community." All lovers of ballad musio will hail the re-appearance of Madame Sterling at the Town Hall on Friday evening. The German analysts say that the apple contains a larger peroentage of phosphorus than any other fruit or vegetable. Gifts to charitable, educational, and religious institutions to be exempted from suooasdon duty, if the Counoil get their way. An imperial acre of bananas is estimates to produce forty-four times more by weight than the potato, and 135 more than wheat. ' In seeking justice they would not advise a breach of faith on behalf of th6 Crown any more than they would submit to it." True, Sir John. Sir John says we are not suffering here because of monopoly and because psople cannot get the land, but because of low prices and indifferent legislation. "John W. Owen" lecturing the W.C.T.U. for "interfering outside their own circle." On how many questions outside his priest's office doesn't he have a say himself? "The Crown as landlord changes its mind from year to year, and even from month to month, and the present paralysis of the pastoral industry is partly traoeable to that faot." The Crumbman wants to know from Sir John Downer if the State has a "natural right" to barter away the six feet of land which he (the Crumbman) expects to get aome day. "In a sense the colonies at present have no politics whatever. The sole preoccupation of each colonial Parliament is how to reduce expenditure, and stretoh the revenue so as to leave no defioit."—Review of Reviews. Thus the Review of Reviews:—"The colonies have the obstinate commercial honesty of the race to which they belong; and in the stress of their financial difficulties they beoome as practical aud as laboriously frugal as Dutchmen," Messrs. Sandford & Co.'s opinion of -the butter market (from the Garden and Held): —" The future price depends much upon the question whether the Butter Bonus Bill will come into operation in the near future; if not low prices must jr-— ttZ." The italics are the Crumbman's. Pope AIexat^_JII. gave up the ghost August oO, 1181. Eight years before this Sebastian Ziani obtained a decisive naval victory over Ofcho -larbarossa, in remembrance of which His Holiness presented Ziani with a ring, and said to him "Take this and give it to the sea as a testimony of your dominion over it. Let your successors annually perform the same ceremony, that posterity may know that your valour has purchased this prerogative, and subjected this element to you, even as a hus'oind subjecteth his wife." That you know was befora Britannia ruled the waves BO crookedly. 