CATHOLICS AND THE CATHOLIC PRESS. POWEBFUL DISCOURSE BY THE BEV. J. O'MALLEY, S.J. DELIVEBED AT . THE CHUBCH OF THE IMMA- CULATE ; CONCEPTION, HAWTHORN, ON SCN- DAS, 29TH , JANUABT. " Givc mc wisdom that sittetli by tliy throne, nud tost me not off from among tin- children." — Wlsd.,lx.,4. ; I APPEAR before you with a weighty feeling of the' importance of my subject, but, I am Bbtry to add, with a profound sentiment of depression sit the thought that I shall only succeed in exciting a passing sympathy with a matter of most vital consequence. EDUCATION. While all are ready to admit that education is in every community a matter of the highest importance, and that nothing which is likely to aid or impede it can bb, without risk, overlooked, hpw common an : error it is to overlook, ot, rather, not even to suspect, the powerful influence of the paper ovefc which we hastily cast an eye, and which we then carelessly toss aside. Our. education began in. our youth, arid as at that time it involved forrrial instruction, we associated it with schools, arid teachers, and books, and we grew up in the conviction, Bilently held, and sometimes openly expressed, that when we have done schooling we have finished our education; hus limiting to a certain form and a certaih time what under one form or another continues all our lives. ' Education in its widest sense may be defined the development and. direction of wiri faculties. It will be full or stunted accbrdit^gj as they fully or imperfectly developed, arid; good or .bad acoording as they are well sfi ill-directed. As main remains all his life ; subject to irifluericfe for good br evil, it is his ' manifest duty to, avoid such iriflu'ences as are 1 injurious, arid seek to surround himself by: such as are beneficial. MOST RFEN MUST BE LID. Nothing is more common than the: assertion of independence, and nothing more usual than that the few should lead the many. It often happens that the very same map* who haughtily rejects, good advice, takteis counsel from someone no wiser than himself,'or else becomes the dupe of cunning people who lead under pretence of follow-; ing; who, without his perceiving it, inspire i him with their own views, and then Teceivej them from him as oracles. The readinesfel with Which men suffer themselves to be' cajoledmay.be gathered from the ease With: which they give credence to the flattery o'fj certain infidel writers, who style their! readers " thoughtful persona," andlarighat ; them in their sleeves. These **tiKAysh"ttul! persons" unthinkingly .puVsiib %'e' 1 jrosid marked out for them, and fancy th.e^ are following their oWn. ; Btkt fh6 va^t riiajority, of men, far from'pretending to be their own guides, yield a ready obedience to whoever will-lead them. This natural inclination to obey is' a necessity of man's condition here, and, however abused by " the blind who lead; the blind," has been implanted by God for a good purpose. Man is not to grow like a tree or an animal. These require little care, or none; but he comes into the world knowing nothing, having no instinct, absolutely elpless, having much to learn, and dependent for all that he has to learn on his: fellow man. Were he not taught he would grow up a savage, and were he not obedient he could not be taught. INFLUENCE OF THE NEWSPAPER. What are the influences a newspaper brings to bear on a being so disposed to yield to influence ? Its matter, form, and tone enable it to exercise a most potent influence. MATTER. The topics it deals with are present, either as regards time or plaoe. The noble deeds, crimes, follies or miseries of men were no less great of old than at the present day; but, however interesting in themtelvet, they do not interest us. The horrors of the siege of Jerusalem, as described by the vivid pen of Josephus, have never been equalled in the history ot. the world, yet none, save the student^' gates on them in the past, while allfix theft ..eyes eagerly on the ruin of a housb burnt yesterday. As, then, the interest of an event is in direct proportion to its nedrtia*. and as a newspaper occupies itgalf in chronicling those which occur in our own time, and perhaps in our own country, or even in our own oity, it is always perused with interest. Some read history, but all read newspapers. FOBU. If the matter treated of be naturally interesting, it becomes doubly so from the mode of treatment. Most peoplo have some taste, or at least some natural aptitude for whatever occupation they follow, and whenever there is competition those who are successful competitors are sure to be singularly excellent A newspaper writer must be imin ot keen perception, deoiiion, and readiness. He must ube his aide without a moment's hesitation, and in the short hour allotted him he must have his work done, and, what is more, be must have it as well done as it is done by those who compete with him in catering (or the public guilt Constant practioe gives him great facility ot composition and gres* command ot language. Bat the haste with Which he writes often tempts and sometimes forces him to substitute neat writing for sound anoment. However, by certain writers thi* is esteemed ot comparatively slight import- MM. Provided an imposing appearance be made, the majority of readers will be satisfies, The most important question could aoaroe be discussed with more solemnity a "leader " dealt with some event thst ooouned yesterday and Is to be forgotten tomorrow. How little Om Hasina when dl that is falde and bombastic has beec squeezed but of an article; yet for one who, on Casting his eye rapidly over it to see " is there anything in it," is able to estimate at its precise worth whatever is in it, how many are there who read vrtthout a 'stispifcion that It is nearly all froth? On matters purely earthy the liability to error arid the importance of the error are riot usually great. Brit in religious questions the gravity of the errors increases iri proportion asthe writer strays further from Catholic principles. J Underneath an apparently serious 1 discussion of some important question there frequently lies a subtle vein of irony,; Singularly pleasing to those who cin follow : "it. ' It flatters' their variity to discover' that • something which is not expressed, but which; is in reality the only thing the writer m^ans! to convey, and the wit with which a goodi cause is killed almost reconciles one to its' death. When there are no aiftuments, and the writer will nevertheless argue, the " sneer "I is often substituted. Like ghosts' faces in' the dark, it is unteal, but terrifying. Some 1 of the readers of a newspaper will, of course, be impervious to its sneers, but the majority, reading {hem and not knowing how to; answer, will feel tempted to keep certain; opinions in the background, though, per-' haps, duty may require that they should maintain them boldly. TONE OB COLOUB. • Much of what appears in a newspaper will, of course, be of an indifferent nature. But it must be pervaded by a'cqrtairi tone oti .colour which, in the long jHiri, ooriimunicstes'; itself to the minds of the teMere. V 1 1 ' We constantly behold the most^astoni^iidg 'effects produced by the toritinuance or triuWH •jAioation of small influences. The effect'dl'h single drop of water on a stone seems absolutely null; but its effect when it has fallen hundreds of thousands of times has passed into a proverb. Not alone is inarihnate nature subject to the powerful effect of continued action'; the .instinct of the brute can be trained to do man's behests, and to do them so naturally BB hardly to seem guided by an acquired -talent. Thus most domestic animals learn .to render their master some service, and when a particular object induces a particular treatment the extent to which they can be educated almost passes belief. I But no being is so susceptible as main of 'bfeing moulded to a certain form. He is Catholic, Jew, Protestant, or Mahometan, as h'e has been trained; and in the daily walks •f life he is influenced not merely by the leading minds with which he comes in coritiabt, but even L o^rried with the stream of men retdly no abler than himself.^ 1 What can be^thore boritinuoiis than the action of a hdft&piper;? What more universal ? k prekcMr appeals to a number, a book to a class, 'but a newspaper to all. How limitedthenrimbera'preacher can address ! — those trierely who happen-to be present while he speaks. It !B true that he treata of subjects which haVe'for man a vital interest— eternal happiness or eternal misery, and the roads that lead to these two eternities ; yet, however moved bis -auditor's for the moment be, much of what he says is forgotten almost before he concludes, and what remains is but too often driven out by the cares of life, by temptation, or by sin. If he would impress these truths deeply on his hearers' minds, he must have recourse to continuous action. He -must, under one form or another, continually inculcate them. A book has sometimes an enormous circulation. Unlike a sermon, it remains, and, if anything be forgotten, may be again consulted. But even a book is soon pushed aside to make room for its successor, while the newspaper—penetrating, like the fine dust, everywhere; reaching, through the agency of those who do know how to read, even those who do not—day by day, and year by year, tinges the minds of all by an influence hardly perceptible, perhaps, but continual WHETHEB FOB GOOD OR EVIL ? Every Catholic principle may be fearlessly pursued to its uttermost consequences. It may, indeed, be wrongly carried out by the foolish or wicked; but, however deplorable the conduct of those who^ commit the abuse, the principle remains in itself unsullied and unassailable. Non-Catholic principles, on the contrary, would often lead to shooking consequences if men's good sense did not shrink from them, and prefer being illogioal to being impious. It is a Catholic principle that nothing should be published calculated to shake men's belief in what God has revealed, or to withdraw them from obeying the laws He has laid down; in a word, nothing contrary to faith or morals. It is a non-Catholic principle that men may publish what they please, bat it is not expressed in this way; it is Bsserted coder the name ot the liberty ot the Press. But if this liberty is absohria and uncontrolled in any way, it most mesa the liberty to publish everything, no matter how impious, blasphemous, or^immoral; «nd one writer, a roan ot anqnetrond ability, aocepts and defends the hideous consequence. Mr. Mill (on *• Liberty," p. 89, note) writes:— If the argmnwiU df 'tlif (went .•h*pur «re of fcii vali'litf. IIIMV Might to «i«t lite fallen JJtxrtj- of tinifcs^iiv and iltH-natug, s« a iiuttor of nTik»l Virtl™. »»y itoetrhit, however Inniomt ft Unit he rnsisMtWl- . .. He maintains that Atheists and Moramn should ban loll right ta pmeb their doctrines. They should neither be hindered lew nor prevented by public opinion. Mr. S ill is oertainly a fearless writer, and accept*, without wincing, the logical cons*- queues of his principle. But, fortunately, moat men have too much sense ty be to logical, and, when drinm to extreodtles, «rt elad to abandon their ova principles, and to fall back on the Octbolk one. About a quaher of a century ago a oelebirateS French statesman*, in answer to a charge of having assailed the liberty of the Press, declared that "in certain ocift&ipns; the interestB of the country required that the rightB of Vhe Pfess Bhould be trampled under foot." Whoever tramples on' a right commits a wrong. Would it riot have been much more'coriBiBtent to deny that the Press had the right to injure the interests of the country? The Catholic principle is right; the liberty Of the Press is not unbounded, and in one direction. it is hounded by patriotism. "• More than twenty yebrs ago a'mprtl ldper arose not far from uelbouma; atta infected with his loathsome doctrines quite a rittrttber of persons. Delighted. arid probably surprised at his success, he wished to/ette'nd the scene'of his fekrara to Melbourrii. But the Melbourrie Press (very 'property) took energetic action, protested agftinst 'hiB being allowed to lecture, asked was there' no law to prevent him from deluging hi^ hewWs with MB filthy drivel, arid enjoyed itself next moming over his discomfiture. Therefore, according to the Preis Itself, there are limits to what it is lawful to publish. ' LIKITS. These limitB are, as I have said, faith and morals. Nothing may be written against revelation or the ten ComiriandmentB. The Church teaches her children so carefully their duties to God and'man that they cannot easily offend thWjugn Jgriorance, and, of course, as long as thfey hear her teachings tMey will not offend through malibe. But tKbee " who will not hear she tteats as the heathen andL the publidan.'" ; ' r And fbr 1MB she is accuBed of'".tyranny, bigotry, intolerance," or anything else : that mil sound big or look well; and 'ttfosfe who obey her are looked 1 oil with contemptuous pity as slaves hugging their chains by men who, as we have seen in their extremity, are only too glad to renotince their own principles and accept hers. We repay this contemptuous pity with the sincere pity, of Christian charity. Mr. Mill defends the Mormon and Atheist only because, perhaps,: after all they are right (I), and in condemning them we, perhaps, condemn truth; or because, even supposing them to be wrong, we lose die opportunity of confuting their errors, and of thus understanding more cflearly tbe: opposite truths <1); but he main tains the right of society to preserve itself and its members from injury. But how Can it defend its rights if it does not know what they are? Mr. Mill is in advance Of his ige. There are preachings and preachers mankind will not listen to; and'we feel that mankind is right, and Mr. Mill is wrong. This sentiment of mankind is some protection to society; but how much injury will society suffer before it rouses itself for a moment to indignation, and how soon mil 'it forget its anger and lapse into its customary listlessnes's?- 1 'Society-' Will ; ' riot, cannot, adequately protect itself. Anyeenftttdhip, to be effectual, should emanate- Arriti^ an authority acknowledged and unchangeable. Without being acknowledged it will not be obeyed, and without being {unchangeable it cannot oontinue to command wisely. Outside the Catholic Church no such authority exists ^ or iB assumed; but all who dwell within her pale either obey her oommand not to write anything contrary to the law of God, or act in direct violation of a olearly understood duty. THE TEN COMMANDMENTS—MORALS, If there were (outside the Catholio Churoh) any effectual control over the morals of a newspaper, it would be exeroised by either the readers or writers of the psper. Undoubtedly, there are in all classes of Booiety —Catholics, Jews, Protestants—very many who would sincerely wish to see the filthy disclosures of the police court inexorably exoluded from the newspaper; but there are, unfortunately, also very many who will devour this garbage with avidity. Therefore, the readers cannot exercise an effectual control. But neither can the writers. Suppose even one editor undertakes to please the first olass by describing filthiness with great horror, and the second by deseribine it with great minuteness, he imposes en his fellow-editors the necessity of writing down to his level, or of losing a large number of readers. It is manifest, therefore, that neither the good readers nor the good writers can control effectually the morals of the newspaper, bnt that the bad readers and the bad writers can. BEVBUINOK—FAITH. So far, we have the warm syajfathies ot all—no matter what tbetr velgion—who respect themselves, who pity the Weakafess and inexperience of youth, and wotJld'shlHd its innocence from harm; bat bete we-mftgt part company with many. The riMit of " private 4pdgmeDt" allows then ^tf'Ving aside any article of revelsMob tbty disapprove of. If tbeywerelogieal tMy'Htimld allow us the right of keening *r«ryihing 'w» approve of; but ontside thB Csffcolie Chotcb there is, in religloiit matira, ri^Milah thing as logic. Tbey lsmst as wife Mf want of progress," at If fee Bteglng^tay ot n- vealed truths was jpftgriM. :>qmt*pi •have men made' naae 1)}e*tegMrnlnK < woridinthen no progress 'in But though to assail as. Uses his religion thOTonch convictloH,* Catholic Preu is atfsgg ot private j doubt whether aaortof inwiiUji whcyac- H M H of aeeof the But as Qis right pwpitoal -wetf.itto to tonnes fcnft ais the immobility «f the Catholic Church ts a standing rtjmaeh to lendlets change, it .is natural to resent the leproach. Hence the non-Oatholio Frees is usually anti'Oatholio. AOQBBBBION INJUIIIOUS. This undying hostility to the Catholio Church is an indirect proof of her truth; but Are we to conclude that these constant at- • tacks are beneficial to Catholics? By no means, unlesB they be constantly answered. It is one thing to take a general view of this hostility and its cause, and quite another thing for a simple person to be exposed to an unceasing fire of determinate charges, made with a seriousness that awes, and a dexterity that renders .reply difficult to one unpraotiBed. An ordinary Oatholic has as little obanoe against one who perpetually argues at a man armed with a sword, but ignorant of its use, has against one armed only with a stick, but skilled in fence; the sword is the better weapon, but if; is useless in the hands of one who 4oes not know how to wield it. No one likes to be on the losing side, and unless the Catholio cause be always successfully upheld, many weaklings will sacrifice their conscience to their fears. APATHY. The apathy of OatholicB with reference to the Catholic' Press is deplorable 1 Our Sariour< tells UB that the children of this world, are wiser in their generation than the ohildren of light; that is, that men seek with eagerness the temporal goods that fail under the senses, while the effort to look at things from a spiritual point of view IB so irksome ,'that even those who profeBB to do so, do it ' only lialf-heartodly. And in Holy Week the ,Churoh compares the watchfulness and aotivity of Judas with the apathy of the disciples. " Do you not Bee Judas, how he sleeps not, but iB hastening to betray Me to the Jews? Why do ye sleep? Arise and pray lest ye enter into temptation." The non-Catholic paper that assails us . day after day is paid for punctually, while the Catholio paper that defende us BO faithfully is half starved. Subscribers frequently seem to think the payment of their subscriptions not an act of justioc, but a favour I And if ! a reminder is sent to the most backward that the paper has heavy expenBeB to inpur, and cannot pay its way unleBS subscribers enable it to do so, this is with many so unpardonable an offence that the amount is paid grumblingly, and is acoom panied by an order to discontinue the paper! No matter how excellently it may discharge its high dutieB, there is no praise for it, while the slightest Bhortooming is visited with the severest censure. It is specially painful to add that the gentlemen connected with the Catholio Press do not always meet the common courtesyBO freely accorded to gentlemen in any other walk of life, and which •would be^at once bestowed if they quitted the Catholio paper to attach themselves to an anti-Catholio one. A letter which appeared in last week's Advocate will show that this is the general experience. J "THE AUSTRAL LIOHT." . Last year a Catholio publication whioh had for some time been struggling between life and death sprang suddenly into unexpected activity. A very promising path was marked out for it, and a hope was held tout to the CntholicB that it might j one day lead to the establishment of a Catholic daily paper. If we would but oast off our apathy, and give to the energetic and devoted men who are so generously toiling for us the support they merit, and that it is our interest to give them, that hope would probably be realised ere long. Alas 1 I have no expectation that we will 1 MICH4RL O'OKAUT. In the cemetery at Kew a large stone cross marks the spot where a great Irishman lies. Those who knew him are gradually taking their places beside him; and soon all that witnessed his kindly efforts for a grievously oppressed people mil be as silent •a himBelf. It is well that before lying down they xaised that cross to preserve his memory. This is a fitting occasion to tell his story to the young. More than thirty years ago, Adair, a rich -landlord, depopulated a large tract of country in the North of Ireland. On Mon- •lay, the 8th at April, 1861, at the head of 200 constabulary fully armed, and of a small body of troops, he began the work of extermination. AU Monday, all Tuesday, all Wednesday the work of desolation went on. The hapless people twined their arms round their door-poata, and filled the air with their cries. They wore torn away by force, and the troops and constabulary, with their guns loaded, taoked on while toe wretched hovels were torn down, and hundreds of human being* were rendered as homeless aa the wild animals of the woods. Late on Wednesday the work of destruction was complete. Even the unavailing lamentations of the crashed people had oaaaed. They had exhausted themaelvsa. The soldiers MM! polioe matched ***y to their quarters, and left the poor onatores to tb£r fate. Oh! my brethren, pat it to yourselves. Imagine yottr boons tore down, your Unified little one*, cold, wet, and hungry, eUagio* to you. Fancy WwingwiSibem beosath the buthss, tn the vain attempt to abater yourfcem sold, hitter night, tni the drisritag reb. Tow* children just enter iBto lik,andaf*dtt«tt coatee wbo U. m^omMto tbo ptn, were lett there toMworttsniMijrof ihsmdid die of odd, want,aod tmeUb. Thank God that the wara- hauted Irishman who atfrsfooiotths lofty w aided h y S el h» tsUow- ooantryascn, »ved Dm Urger Et*. hX. tSfirttfi ^ E iramOlaAvaih! Tbe poor «iW« visited the MMtey whew their fathers shfH; llm terit tad wept it thair parents r mw; lUgrfMhanibwttriistpMiWMmiUa of the loved oneB they humbly hoped to see in heaven, but with whom they had hoped to sleep in death. But they had to go; and with many a tear, and many a blessing on Glenveih and those they left behind, they went. Who oan picture their parting from their old friendB at home, or their meeting with their new oneB here? Six months later their deliverer wrote that they were all doing well, and were a oredit to the old land. The exterminator is gone before his judge. He has left as memorials of his brief power here a depopulated country, vast wealth, and a magnifioent oastle. Let us hope that, more fortunate than the wicked servant in the GoBpel, he has himself obtained in the other world the meroy he denied his fellowservants in this. The kindly-hearted Irishman is gone, too. He had acquired, by honeBt industry, great wealth, but he gave to every charity so generously that he died poor, and it was grateful hearts that raised to his memory the lofty cross. " THE ADVOCATE." But he had himself unconsciously raised to himBelf a nobler memorial. A wise man as well as a good man, he saw CatholioB and Irishmen needed the powerful aid of the Press; and not content with defending them in life, as he ever warmly did, he found a means of watching over them even from his grave ! He established the Advocate. Next Wednesday, the let of February, 1893, it celebrates its 25th birthday. For a quarter of a century it haB faithfully " advocated " our cause—the cause of God and Ireland. And no matter how ungrateful we mayBhowourBelves, it will continue to uphold that cause till the end. Admiration and gratitude to the man whose memorial it is, to Bay nothing of the gravity of the interests at stake, should win for it our warmest Bupport. But, alas 1 Buoh is our inexcusable apathy that, while discharging a debt of gratitude, which, as a priest and Bn Irishman, I gladly acknowledge, I have no hope of my appeal producing any effect beyond a useless sentiment of passing sympathy 1 Is it not painfnl that the paper founded by O'Grady should have to contend against all the usual difficulties, and fight the same upill fight as any ordinary Oatholic paper ? IB it not painful that any Catholic or any IriBhman should grudge his tribute to such a emorial—that any Catholio or Irish ome should shut UB doors against him who took in the homelesB ? Alas I O'Grady himself told me sadly one day there were 10,000 omes whoBe doors were shut against his paper 1 Who can tell how many of these homeB are this day desolate—a just retribution for Buch criminal apathy. They have been open wide to anti- Catholic literature, and (his has produoed its natural effect—indifference, doubt or disbelief of Catholic dootrine. The young men have read all the oalumnies on their religion and racej but aot their confutation ; they have grown up with the |IriBh blood in their veins, but not with the Irish faith in their hearts. 