Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, September 16, 1893. My Dear Claba,— Mind, there are step? — ore, two, three, four ; give me your hand, now jump. Look out for the brambles ! My— don't they tear your dress. Down, down we go, laughing and stumbling, and are caught in the bushes by the treeB; caught by our hats and our back hair, seriously disarranging our 'very latest' in the way of frizettee. We struggle frantically, and escape, leaving the best part of our decorations on the branches. Our feet tangle in the strong undergrowth, the soft breeze floats along with mild persuasive murmur, agitat ing everything, and filling our eyes, and ears, and nose, with the irritating 'sneezy' seeds of the tall waving, over- ripe grass. As we go further down the dense vegetation grows denser and the trees crowd over us closer and closer, and through them creeps the fading sunshine in long lines of yellow dusky light filled with dancing atoms. How sleepy it all seems! The wild flowers, disturbed in their repose, nod their heads from out their soft and mossy beds. The air is warm and humid and full of the smell of the earth, and with all sorts of flies and gnats and things with wings and daddy longlegs humming and buzzing and brushing by. And in the half darkness you run up against long lines of unsuspected and prehensile cobwebs, and they creep in a friendly and inquisitive way over your face and eyes and hands and make you shiver. Ugh ! Never mind the nasty things. Come along. How still it is — nothing but the everlasting hum of the insects and the whispering of the leaves, whispering to each other all the scandals brought from afar by the gossiping breeze. There is a mysterious rustle in the low bushes, and yon feel so nervous. Ton know 'something' is steal' ing away. What is it ? You stoop donrn to look. Hs — sh ! It is a partridge and her covay. How pretty they are. The little ones run along straight and swift like the larks, and the mamma stands for a moment and listens, and then, reassured, she follows them. Do you know what this place is ? Of course you do not. Well, it is ' My Delight,' but its proper name is 'John Bunyan's Dell,' for that greatly persecuted and godly man was hidden in its grassy depths for eight months, and peopled its vernal shades with the ghosts of 'The Pil grim's Progress.' But to us girls it ie a fairy land— -full of fairy love stories, and children's memories, and voices of the long ago. In the spring it is all violets, and ? primroses, and cowslips, and buttercups, and crocuses, and snowdrops, and daisies, pink and white. In the summer, wild roses run riot in sweet profusion, and honeysuckle and all the wild climbing vines and creepers bend down the tall trees with their prodigal embrace. And in the autumn, when the nuts hang from the stands in big brown bunches, and the brambles are thick with black shining berries, and the leaveB of the trees are changing, and tints of delicate yellow and pale brown and faint red are coming, and the tips of the grass are all wispy and strawy; then creeping down on every side and over everything and everywhere, you find straw berries, wild Btrawberrifts, delicious, so sweet and tasting of the son. Ton lie in the grass and devour as many as possible, more in fact, and the life of the lotus eater is not a circumstance to yon for content. How blue the sky is and what a big stari twinkling just over me ! How cIobb it seems, and how strange ? From out and under every bush and tree sit up the rabbits, and hares, and the squirrels, they are bo busy with the nuts. Why, it must be night, for the birds have come home and are putting the babies to bed, and they all look at me most reproachfully and cry out as in one voice, ' Kate.' And I find I have tumbled off to sleep and the other girls are waiting for and calling me. Now I will satisfy your burning curiosity. This morning early we went down to our old nurse's place, which is in Hertfordshire, and three miles from everywhere, more especially from the rail way. She is married to the head keeper, and we have had such a. day with her and have been in the woods and so down to the dell where we used to play when we were children, ' Long, long ago,' and Dawkins will drive us in the dogcart to the station this evening, and we shall catch the ' up ' 9.15 fast train for London. I wonder will you be interested in the love story of Emin Pasha, whose tragical taking off is no end of a providence for the newspapers, furnishing them with unlimited ' copy,' and dividing with the jjoosebery the interest of the silly season. Emin's real name was Eduard Schnit^ler, and at 25 he was a fashionable physician practising at Scutari, and by reason of his many ac complishments (which as a rule are not so efficacious as a good balance at one's banker's) was admitted to the highest Turkish society. How in the world can they have 'society' when they shut all the women up. Who does all the tale bearings, and who sees that everything that everybody says is properly mis represented ? But, I wander ! Ismail Pasha, the Governor-General of Con stantinople, had a young and lovely wife. She fell sick, and so great was his love that he disre garded all the precepts of Allah and called in the fashionable and fascinating Unbeliever. The usual results followed. They looked and loved — but did not tell the Pasha. Oh, no! They pined in secret. Conceal ment (in total opposition to the Shak sperisn idea) did not seem to work much damage to Herr Schmitzler's cheek, which was from all accounts colossal. Making love to the Governor's wife indeed, or for the matter of that to anybody's wife, was disgraceful; such goings on are only toler ated in the most exalted circles. Well, as every body knows, Ismail Pasha fell on evil' days, was deposed, deprived of all his offices, and imprisoned bvthe Sultan. His death followed auicklv on his disgrace, and then the gallant Emin married the lovely, and not unwilling, widow. But Hanem (that was her front name) did not long bless him with her presence. She died in a year from the marriage, and left him a baby daughter, Freda, who is now 14 years old, and lives with her aunt in Silesia. H.B.H. is hundreds of years better for his trip to Homburg. No more depression; no more insomnia; he is his own cheery self again, and everybody is so glad to hear it, for with all his faults the prince has a heavy mortgage on the hearts of the people. We must give up our own Boyal admiral, now that he iB ascending the throne of SaxeCoburg Gotha. I am afraid Duke Alfred will find him self in a dilemma before long. It is an ancient custom in Coburg for the oldest inhabitant to present to the reigning prince a mug of beer, a loaf of freshly baked bread, and a ham, and the prince has to partake of these delicacies, 'Coram populo.' Now if there is one thing more than another that His Boyal Highness detests, it is malt, in any shape or form ; in fact, a glass of beer would give him the bile for a week. Awkward, isn't it ? Mr. Gladstone has gone to Scotland for a little rest, but already he threatens to return, and the atmosphere is charged with electricity and pre monitions. The G.O.M. is cyclonic in his disturb ing powers, and rides tbe storm, and directs the whirlwind with the utmost success, and on the most approved motto of — don't trouble yourself about other people's feel ings and principles. Thank goodness the House will most certainly adjourn, within the next 10 or 12 days, and then we Bhall know what we are doing. What is the good of leaving Lon don without we can take the men with us ? Of course we know men are, as a rule, a nuisance, but we women muet confess that life in the country, or in fact anywhere, would be decidedly deadly desperately dull without the dear things. I goii a letter from Balmoral from one of the ' In Waitings.' She says that 'she is reduced to as nearly as possible a vegetable condition ; that the monotony of the life is nearly insup portable; that the sight of a kilt is to her as a red rag to a bull, and that the faintest Bound of the * pipes ' gives her an attack of- ' nerves ; ' that the highest form of dissipation is a drive in the ?policies;' that the Queen's health is robust, and her temper lively; not to say aggressive; that the entourage is kept on the qui vive from morning to night; that the etiquette kept up is most strict, and, under the circumstances, is also idiotic ; that there is really nothing to do but the same thing all the time, and you do it every day; and that the course is calculated to induce soften* ing of the brain.' Best love from your cousin, ' Rjom, ? 