l’AKT III. Place—A Court of Justice. Scene — Two men being tried for tho murder of Lawrence MuEoreenc. That it had been murder thoro eould bo no doubt. Poor Manoroeuo had been detained in Bally-Huughlin till tho afternoon, and had then daolared his intention of hurrying homo. Ho wan last soon alive by a friend past whom ho had ridden on his homeward road, nnd some five hours lator his body was found in a dry ditch about mid-way betwoon Bally-Ilaughlin and the Hall. Ho was quite dead—had evidently been so for some time, and had been shot through tho head and lungs. Tho morning aftor that droudful Twolfth Night his wife was in a raging favor, and in little more than a week, tho poor child—sho was only ninotoen—was laid bosido her husband in tho family vault. So a double murder was laid at tho door of tho unknown assassin. And the burning question that agitated overy mind for miles round was—who had done tho dreadful deed ? For a time nothing could be discovered; but at last questions of possible motives, conjectures and inquiries, resulted in sus picion becoming attached to two brothers of the name of O’Grady. One of thorn was a desperate character who lived by poaching and thoffc, and had a hut two or fchroo miles •from tho ooeno of tha murder. . The other was one of tho servants who had lived at tho Hall under the old mostor, but had been dismissed as dishonest by tho now ono. While he lived at tho Hull ho had avowedly had nothing to do with his brother ; ainco ho loft thero tho two had lived together—none know how. Tho chiof evidence against thorn was given by a farmer, who told how, passing along the road at dusk and getting near tho plaae uhero the body was afterwards found, ho had observed two figuroa lurking in tho hedge. Then a man spring forward and tried to atop his horse, but his animal, a uot t.lcsnmo colt, quickly galloped past them. Ho could almost swear the man was ono of tho O’Gradys. A guusmith deposed to solliug a revolver to the elder man a month ago. Somo spots of blood wero found on a shirt bolonging to thorn. Tho elder man had been heard to nttor threats against Mr Maseroeno, who w*s down on all such characters, und had threatened to have him imprisoned. On tho part of tho youmrer, desired revenge for his dismissal was brought forward ns a possible motive. Tho evidence was considered strong enough to bring about tho arrest of tho twe, and ovoutually they wero committed for Tho romance of it all—happening in Buoh a way and ut such a time, and wrecking so uttorly two suoh promising youug lives, touched the hearts of tho mo*t callous hearers, and leaving sonsation out of tho question, tho general mourning for tho terrible death of the gay, handsome young follow and hia beautiful girl-wife, was heart-folt and wide spread. So, naturally tho greatest oxoiio* merit prevailed, and as tho cimo for tho trial oamo on, no ono seemed able to think or talk of anything but “The Twolfth Night Tragedy,” as the papers called it. Under tho influence of a rumor tliatBprang up and rushed liko wild-fire, this oxoitomont grew to fever-heat. Somehow’—no ono ox aotly knew how—a report got about that tho brother of the murdered man had committed tho deed! Whether the delirious ravings of the poor dead wife, her wild talk about Harry’s fierce eyes and 4* he said you never should marry me, and now ho has a knife, and look ! look ! he is trying to stab you—oh, save mo 1 save mo, Lawrence ! Oh don’t kill Lawrence, it is not his fault that I lovo him instead of you. Oh, save mo ! savo mo)”—whether this, with tho further confirmation of the maid’s story of how hor mistress had said Hr Mahereene was expeolod that afternoon, was at the root of it; or whetbor some idlo tale b about the quarrel the brother* had about Miss North, aud how Harry had beon deprived of both his j love and inheritance by hib brother, took shape and grew into distorted life, was never known. But it was whispered about that Harry was suspeoted of the murder, and at last there were those who—in his absence— declared boldly that Harry Maseroeno had done tho dreadful deed. So matters stood when at last the assize day came, and as the trial (the first on the list) proceeded, and it was seen that nothing could be proved against the prisoners, the possibility, nay, probability of Harry MaEereene being the murderer is openly talked of. As soon aa these men are acquitted —and, of course, they will be acquitted—they will make a search for and find the real criminal—that is certain. So Bay most of the people in court, and the defence for the prisoners confirm their ideas. Ably and eloquently the defence is made, and ifc Is with something of triumph that the young solicitor makes his points and turns suspicion. Suppose the elder man had uttered a threat against deceased—did not all of us, under the influence of passion, say words we did not mean, and that we repented of aa soon aa uttered. And might it not be expected that this rough, untutored man should use stronger words than a gently-nurtured one would ? No oneooold prove that the O’Gradys has been anywhoro but In their hut on the after noon and evening of Twelfth Day, and aa for tho blood-stain on the shirt, was thero anything oriminal in a man cutting his hand and accidentally staining his garments with his own blood? As for buying a revolver, what was moro natural than that a man living alono in a wild, solitary place should liko to have tho protection of firearms near him ? And if tho O’Gradys had ut-ed ono on tho night of the Twolfth day—and ono had boon used—whore •was it? His clients had lost their’s a day or two aftor purchasing it. Thero is a sound of movement in court—a stir—and— “ It is a lio!” shouts a deop voice, fiercely. Tho words oroato a profound sensation, and all eyes are instantly turned to tho spot from, whenoo tho sound comes. “It is a lio 1’ repeats tho voico, sternly. 41 Tho revolver is in tho thatoh of an old barn, noir the, place wharo you murdered Lawrenco Maseroeno, and where you your Belf hid it.” In common with everyone olso the prisoners have turned to tho epcakor of these momentous words. Ono glance at the mun who accuses them is enough. A change comes over their stolid faces, and with a yell of terror—“Oh, God!” the elder man falls fainting to the ground. There, to all appoiranceB, stands the ghost of the murdered man pointing at him with outstretohed arm. The exoitement is terrific. People stand up, women shriek and faint, all cries of order are disregarded, and the juduo is almost tho only calm person iu the building. “ Who aro you, and by what right do you interrupt tho court in this manner ?” ho says loudly, in a stern voice. “ I am Lawronco Masoreone's brother, and am sent hero by God to sustain tho charge of murder against these men,” ropliod Harry— for it is ho—his face set, his eyes blazing. “I left India because of a dream I had on Twelfth Night, and have come straight here to avenge my brother's death.” Thifl remarkable statement still further increases the excitement, but intenseouriosity prevails for a timo over fear and wonder, and a dead eilence takes tho place of tho tumult tliat greeted the appearance of this strange witness—a silence that grows when tho judge sanctions the telling of the tale of this wonderful dream. Loud aud olehr rings out Harry’s voioe as he tells a tale that runs something like this: “Ou Twelfth Night I dreamt that I was with my. brother.,in a,room of the inn at Bally-Haughlin, a place in which I hud been once before. Ho was engaged on business matters with Mr Rigg, his solicitor, but loft in the afternoon, saving he must hasten home. Passing through the market he spoke to three or four men thoro, and then rode I quickly towards tho main road. j “ Although I could bho and hear all that passed around mo, I felt suro it was not my bodily presouco that thus acoompanicd him, but my shadow or spiritual prononco, for ho seemed quite unconscious that I was noar him. I felt that my boing thus present bo I tokoned some hideous hidden dnnger which ho was destined to meet, and whioh my preoence could not avert, for Icould not speak to warn him of his peril. Ho rode briskly along, humming’as ho wont, and oullod out ‘good evening' to some man wo mot, I had novor been along that road before, and do not remombor noticing anything about it till wo camo to a hill, tho descant of which brought us to a dark valley. “ It was now dark, and although X had so far soon nothing to warrant my anxiety, I felt more certain than over that death was awaiting my brother' Thera wore high and woll-wooded hills on oithorsido of tho valley, and when wo reaobed a part whero occasional treos on eaoh side of tho road obscured what little light there was, my apprehension in creased, till I was in a porfeot fronzy, franti cally dosirouB, yet quito unablo to prevont Ida going further. Suddenly I became. aware . that there woro two dark forms lurking be neath thohedgo, and I knew that my brother’s hour hud come. “ And so it was. Tka man”—.pointing at tho youngor prisoner—“sprang forward and seized tho horso’s bridle, tho other lifted a rovolver, took aim and fired twice. My brothor swayed and dropped from the saddle. The man, bb if to make assuranco doubly sure, hold him by tho throat for a moment, then they dragged or rolled his body into a ditch by tho road-eldo. Tho riderless horse galloped off in tho direction in whioh it had just cotno, and tho mon hid the revolver whero I have told you you will find it, and fled into shadows of the trees. ** Tho agony X had endured through this torriblo scone became insupportablo. I strug gled violently, and calling on God, I awoke.” To describe tho impression this wonderful story croatea is impossible. Never beforo has anyono heard anything so remarkable in real life, and-—is it all truoP they aek. Has he really dreamed it, or is it all a ruse to—but now ho ia hero and they have aeon him, those who woro moat vohemont in casting tho darkest suspicions on him, dare not even breathe them openly. Tho fow hours that follow the adjournment of the court prove the dream only too true for the O’Gradys. Tho fiudimr of a four barrelled revolver with two emnty ohambors in the thatch of tho barn desermed by Harry ia unnecessary for tho passing of tho death sentence on tho men, for on coming to him self tho older rufiian, believing in his torror and confusion that ho had seen the ghost of tho murdored man, confesses to tho crimo. And ore long, the two murderers have suffered tho utmost penalty of tho law for one of tho most cruel, most brutal crimes ever perpetrated, and aro transported to a higher, moro dreadful criminal-bar than Tho history of Harry Masoroeno from tho time of his quarrol with his brother to his appearauoo in court may bo easily guossed. Euough to suy that ho had long Binco re pented hia hasty words, and had things gone on in tho ordinary way would soonhavo loft his wanderings and made peace with his brothor and sister-in-law. Ab it is, from being an object of tho darkest suspicion, ho is elevated to tho position of boro, and his ** vision from God” is tho wonder of all who hoar it. For tho rest Ah, mo 1 Truth is not only stranger, but oftimes saddor, so muoh sadder, than fiotion, and wero it not for Time’s healing powers, life would in many cases bo but a end and weary thing. Lot us hope that tho hoary-headed father has dealt kindly with Harry Masoroeno. [The End.] 