ANOTHER ACCOUNT. The following letter, containing a descrip tion of the recent disastrous cyclone which visited the New Hebrides, has been received bv the Rev. Dr. Steel from Dr. Lamb, medi- cal missionary ot the New Zealand Presby terian Church: — 44 Dip Point, Ambrym, March 7, 1893. 44 This is a letter of distress. A hurricane has passed right over our heads — a cyclone, I think — and has ruined us and our people, if not the wholeof Ambrym. Idonot ask any thing for ourselves, but food for the people — rice, hard biscuit, Hour, beans, peas, meat — anything you can find friends willing to send us. Some of it we shall certainly need for ourselves and our 4 boys ' unless help comes soon. 44 The storm began on Saturday morning last, and steadily increased all day. We made everything secure, and retired about 9 p.m. At 10 p. m. wo were roused by the alarming violence of the wind and rain. The glass was rapidly falling. At 11.20 p.m. the roof of the assistant's house began to yield and be torn away. At considerable durigor from falling branches they made their way to us. Then our native staff by twos and threes came crowding into our little diningroom. It was a terrible time. Tho trees began to fall, the doors to burst in, and the lights to blow out. We were watching tho aneroid rising and failing with every gust. It fell to 282 on our high set glass, which would be much below 28, or even 27, in an ordinary one. To make matters worse, the store behind the house, winch was protecting, us began to yield. Piece by piece it flew. away, and the heavy timbers laid on its roof to keep the iron down were hurled upon our roof. A section of a building awaiting re-erection was picked up and hurled against the end of our house, shattering the picture inside. Then our own walls began to bend. It was an awful experience. The 4 boj's' stood with their backs to the wall, trying to support it, but in vain. Thou we had to ily whither wo knew not. The lightning was intense and constant. We seemed to be walking or stumbling along in an electric flame. Mr. Mansfield went first, with one of our baby boys under his cape. I followed, supporting Mrs. Lamb with the other child. As we passed the native house the last section of the roof blew off. We hid behind the bole of a tree, and then the eml of tho assistant's house fell, and scattered as if a bomb had fallen beside us. Ono sheet of iron struck me, but did no harm. Through a misunder standing Mr. Manslield led us to the chief's hut — a little low roof, set on the ground, and occupied by the chief, his favorite wife, and his best-tusked pig. He welcomed us, ami we were glad to sit down in the dust or mud beside the 'gruntcr.' A low, rude circle of coral-stones sur rounding the hub protected it some what from the violence of the storm. The little thatch covering vibrated with the weight of the wind, and tho chief was holding on to it. crying out 4Timar,' i.e., calling on the ghost ot his father to save him. The rest of our company, which now numbers some 20 souls (seven being Ambryiu young men in training), made their way to the large native house which we built here at our first arrival, seven months ago. There they sat in fear hnd trembling, praying for salvation. They did not reach it without great peril. Mrs. Macdowall lost her hus band and did not know whither to turn, and sat down beneath the great banyan tree on a doorstep of the concrete native cottages, whoso walls were rocking and falling. Thence she fled to the native house. I knew not what had come of them all, and could not go to see. A tree had fallen across the entrance to the hut, crushing the stone wall. The hours seemed endless. At last there came a lull. We rushed out to find our lost party. The mission station was gone. The very path was lost under fallen,. trees and ruined huts. The whole party were found safe. More than that it was impossible to learn, for tho storm burst upon us agaiu with a roar that is impossible to describe, and from the opposite quarter. In the blinding rain and sand Mr. Mansfield aud myself lost our way. Then 1 lost him. I clung to a shattered tree stump and tried to dgdge the falling palms, ft was then I thought our end had come, for the roar of the sea, only a few yards distant, filled one's soul with horror. It seemed as though the waves were upon us and about to sweep all away. At length, through the vivid light ning I saw the outline of the chief's hut again, and made for it, creeping along the ground. I ran against my friend sheltering behind the wall, and ignorant of his where abouts. We got into the hut at last, the water pouring out of my dressinggown in rivers. Mrs. Lamb and the children were still safe. There was nothing else for us to do but sit down flat in the dirt, and with sore eyes, stiff limbs, and growing clull, wait for the morning — the babes sleeping and crying on our knees ; poor little initcs, they got a shock they huvo not yet recovered from. As we crawled out of the hut in tho grey dawn the scene around us was both awesome and pitiful, only some four huts comparatively whole, and the people's staff of life — a splendid crop of breadfruit — lying on the ground, every tree prostrate or broken off short-. The desolation, like the storm, is hc- yojul the power of pen or tongue to describe. This house or hut in which I write is all that is left to us. Into it some 21 of us are crowded — babe and filthy savage. All that is left of our worldly goods lies yonder in the mud and rain. We have nowhere to 4 bestow' them. The whole land is smitten and blasted from the sea shore to the hilltops. In a few days the people will have uought to eat but dry cocoanuts, most of which have already been Exported ns copra. Some 4000 to 8000 people will be crying to us for sustenance. One trader here has escaped with his life, but the other one perished, also losing ship and crew in the terrible blast that followed the lull. Two or three other boats have been lost, with their crews. We saw the poor creatures fly past before the wind, their sails blowing away as they rushed along in tho pitiless sea. The people are on the best possible terms of friendship. Wc can trust them utterly now, though hunger may make a difference. Only some 10 days ago all dis putes were settled, and everything that stood in the wav of mutual understanding was re moved. We are safer here than in a civilised, state, and luivo not lost a pin, since our arrival, by theft. Part of the station build ing material is probably blown away to sea. Each day brings back letters, papers, photos, etc. from the sand or scrub. The forests are stripped bare, and the trees that remain standing arc merely bare poles. The birds arc homeless wanderers, and add to the sorrow of desolation." 