MARGUERITE'S HERITAGE. ; j CHAPTER XXV. MAUCllfKtTE 'lS CONFRONTED liV A HITTER REVELATION. And she resolutely adhered to her de termination. " 5.,, Every morning she arose early and was neatly and becomingly dressed to serve Reginald at breakfast. And this kind of life appeared to agree with her, for she grew . plump and rosy; her eye was bright, her step elastic, and RegihSIdiwis'grcatly encouraged as he began to hope that a future of robust health lay before her. She had shown no signs of mental trouble for some time, although she was still under the care of the noted brain specialist; and never referred in any u ay to the sorrows of the past. She was a dear lover of art, and be came., enthusiastic over the treasures whicfraris'cbritained. She spent much time in the various galleries and museums and even put herself under the instruction ot one of the best masters in the city. She also purchased a fine piano, and devoted a portion of every day to earnest practice, and, although she was not an artiste in this line, Reginald was often cheered and entertained by her sweet songs, as well as by < her instrumental achievements, when he returned from the hospital after a hard day's work. Her manner also began to change somewhat towards him. Little by little her excessive reserve melted away, she became: more social and con fiding," and appeared so happy that he was often thrilled with the hope of event ually winning her love. It galledjhim sometimes when she re- fus| (JJuxuries to which he knew she had beeV 'accustomed, when he saw her plan ning and working to keep their expenses within a certain limit ; still it showed how thoroughly in sympathy she was with him — how shcrfappreciated the difficulties under which- lie- was labouring, and he could not fail to experience an increasing affection and admiration for her. His prospects began to brighten some what, after a time ; success attended him in his practice, for he was really a skilful physiqjafci| possessing rare judgment for one H|s|y|ars hnd experience, and he wa reicfuenfcly called upon lor consult ation in complicated cases. His mornings were ell spent in the hospital, while lie devoted the later portion of the day to private patients, and his evenings to study, He returned' late oneaiternoon, from a visit to a?"pati.ent,. lopking unusually worn and weary. He had assisted in a difficult operation that morning in the hospital, attended to office patients for most of the afternoon, and about an hour before dinner, was called out to a very critical/case < ,/ . It was raining and the evening was chilly, but Marguerite had a cheerful fire burning in the grate, his dressing-gown lying on his chair, his slippers warming on the rug. Tihe room; was very inviting and home like, and Reginald's face lighted with pleasure the moment he opened the door. ( . , f. , i . . , : Marguerite"1 sat at the table reading by a softly shaded lamp, and looking very lovely in a tasteful dress of old rose cash mere, with a mass of " filmy lace fulled into the V-shaped corsage. She glanced up with a smile of wel come — she hadrlearned to smile often of late — while thei delicate tinge of colour dcependd!pri he? cheek. She instantly noticed the weary look on her husband's face, and an anxious exprosgion, overspread, her own. J Reginald,' yoti; are; tired out!1 she said.-putting'jdowii her book and rising to 'meet him. 'And you coat is wet,' she added, 1 1 am afraid you have taken cold, Let me have both coat and hat, and I will take care of them.' ' No indeed, Marguerite ; I am able to wait upon myself,' he responded, but with a thrill of grateful feeling, in his tones for her thoughtfulncss. She playlully insisted upon having her own way, however, and bore away the things in triumph.. Presently sli'e came back and helped him on with his dressing-gown ; then bringing him the evening paper,- she told him to rest for a few moments, after which they would have dinner. She remained standing by his side, 1 watching his pale face with some anxiety, while he leaned b"Vdk ' in "his chair and stretched out his feet towards the glow- « ing grate, with a sense of comfort and ' enjoyment stealing over him. 1 ' Reginald, I Atish you wouldn't' Marguerite began, as she laid one hand I upon the back of |the chair and uncon- 1 sciously began to smooth his hair, which i had become slightly disarranged. i A quiver of joy ran through every fibre 1 of his being at the unaccustomed 1 touch and the note of anxiety in her tone. ' Wouldn't what;?' he questioned. 'Work so hard.' 'I like it.' But — you are wearing yourself out.' ' It is in a good cause/ he answered, lightly. ' Please don't !' she cried out, almost sharply. 'If you should be ill — If you should die — what could I do ?' The man's heart bounded within him. He put up his hand, captured the one resting upon his head, and clasped it closely. ' Marguerite,' he said, turning to look up into her face, his eyes searching hers with passionate earnestness—' Marguerite, have I become necessary to you ? Tell me, dear ! Oh, give my hungry heart one crumb of comfort !' ' You are — all that I have in the world, Reginald, she responded, in a low tone, with downcast eyes, while her fingers involuntarily closed more tightly over his. He could not speak for a momert because of the tumult within his heart, for he really believed that the day- star of love was at last rising for him. His emotion was so intense that every atom of colour vanished from his face, and he looked almost ghastly in the lurid glow ot the fire. ' Then you would miss me, Marguerite' if — if anything should happen to part us ?' he said, when he could speak. 1 Miss you ! Oh, Reginald, are you ill ? — you look so frightfully pale 1' she cried, in alarm, as she bent down to look more closely into his face. How supremely beautiful she seemed to him with that anxious look softening all her features ; and Reginald held his breath as he watched her, and he was obliged to put a strong curb upon himself to Keep from reaching out his arms and snatching her to him in a swift passionate embrace. But he feared to startle her from this unusual mood — he feared to see the old breaded reserve come back again. 'No, Marguerite, I am not ill/ he forced himself to say, with what calmness he could. ' I am only tired after a rather hard day's work, and I am happier at this moment than I have ever been be fore, because you tell me that I ani necessary to you — that I am all you have ; because you look more kindly on me — you speak more affectionately to me than you have ever done. Oh, Mar guerite !' he continued, a mighty yearning in his voice, ' if I might dare to hope that you nre learning to love me ever so little I My darling, I have never kissed your face or your lips, and a ' brother' may surely kiss his sister ; will you 'grant me one little caress to give me hope ?' He drew her gently towards him by the hand which he had retained all this time, while she with a strangely luminous light growing in her great brown eyes, seemed to be yielding to the influence of his love. Nearer and nearer the stately, graceful figure drooped ; the lovely color deepen ing in her checks, her red lips trembling with inward emotion, while he could see the soft folds of lace on her bosom' rise and fall fro.n the rapid beating of her heart. For the moment he was almost intox icated with the thought that at last he had won her. 1 My wife ! my love !' he murmured, tremulously, as he reached forth his arms to enfold her, when at that very instant, his dcor-bell rang a jangling peal, and, with a violent start, Marguerite drew back, and his opportunity was gone, for the colour suddenly fled Irom his wife's lovely face, while something of her old reserve returned, rendering her cold, stately, and unapproachable again. Reginald sighed heavily with dis appointment as he arose from his chair to answer the bell. But he lingered one moment. 1 Marguerite' he began, wistfully, Ins pained eyes studying her averted face. ' It is a cold, stormy night., Reginald j pray do not keep your patient waiting/ she interposed, in a constrained tone, as she moved aside for him to. pass. If he could but have known that it wa.s the constraint of maidenly timidity, com.- birted with the shock which the noisy peal of the bell had given her, he might have followed up his advantage and won a confession from her lips even then. But the sudden reserve wounded him, and with a weary step iie went out to answer his bell, but, alas for him ! leaving the parlour door open behind him. As he opened the hall door and saw who was standing without, he' uttered an exclamation of astonishment, for it was no other than his old friend and college chum, Eliot Sprague, Aha 3 Alexander, I have unearthed you at last!' the young man cried, in a hearty, genial tone that rang through the hall like a clarion note. ' How are you, old boy ? he rattled on. ' I saw you on the boulevard yesterday, and tried to : attract your attention, but you were so absorbed in thoughts profound you djd I not sec me and disappeared before I i could get to you. What's the matter, I though ? you look as if you had seen a ghost, Alexander ? the stranger con cluded, as be noticed his white, distressed iace. 'For Heaven's sake, Eliot, hush!' j Reginald cried, in a hoarse whisper. Then j seizing his friend by th hand, he added, < Come in here,' arid leading him within I lis consulting-room, shut the door. f As Reginald left the parlour to answer ihe bell, Marguerite turned to look after 4 lim, clasping her white hands over hei " rapidly beating heart, while her face i instantly softened, her lips parted in a 8 tender smile, and tears sprang into her ! luminous eyes. ' Could Reginald have seen her then, he ' would have known that his battle was j more than half won, that his patient ; waiting was on the verge of being re warded ; but The beat-laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-glcy, But leave us nought but grief and pain For promised joy. 1 Marguerite stood thus, listening to | ascertain who had come for Reginald, and 1 dreading to have him called out again in I the cold and wet, when she was suddenly electrified by hearing the glad, exultant voice ol a stranger address her husband, with a familiarity which precluded the possibility of a mistake, by the name of Alexander ! She gave one violent start — she threw out one white hand with a gesture of mingled amazement and repulsion ; then stood like a statue, listening to every word that followed, and of course heard the repetition of that name — Alexander. What could it mean ? All her colour faded, her lips were com pressed in a stern, straight lire, and a look of doubt and perplexity shmiowed her lovely eyes. A 'Alexander !' she repeated, in a husky whisper, a shiver running over her from head to foot. Yet the gentleman who had called evidently knew her huband intimately ; no stranger would ever address an other so familiarly, while in confirmation of the fact, came those startled words of her husband's, ' For Heaven's sake, Eliot, hush !' every one of which hor quickened sense of hearing 'caught, in spite of his efforts to suppress his tones. ' What can it mean ?' Marguerite mur mured, after the two men had entered the consulting-room and shut the door. ' Can it be some miserable mistake ?' No, for there was every evidence that each had recognized the other, while it was only too apparent that Reginald had hurried his visitor within the room to pre vent further revelations in her hearing. Like one walking in her sleep, Mar guerite went back to her chair and sat down. She was as pale as snow ; her hands cold as icc, fell listlessly upon her lap, while all the lines of her beautiful face grew hard and stern. For fully five minutes she sat thus, never moving, looking straight before her and scarcely seeming to breathe. Then, almost mechanically, she bpgan to gather up some papers which Reginald had carelessly thrown upon the table when he came in, arranging them in an orderly manner. Among them was the Lancet, a medical journal, and as she lifted this a letter slipped from between the leaves and fell upon the floor at her feet, It had no envelope, and the thin French paper was closely written over in a beautifully clear, lady-like hand. Marguerite stooped to pick it up and replace it' where " she had found it ; but as she did. so, four words at the bottom of the sheet caught her eyes and seemed to freeze the very blood in her veins, to benumb her limbs, sear her brain, and rend her heart in twain, What a revelation they were to her ! Was it a dream ? — a horrible nightmare that had seized her and held her enthralled during the last ten minutes / Had Reginald come in at all i or was : it all a vision ? Had she been on the verge of a great happiness ? had her husband pleaded like a passionate lover ; for some sign of affection from her, and i had she almost yielded to the spell of his i presence and his fond words ? or had it , been but a chimera of her brajn i Had e strange man called at the door ; and addressed her husband by the name of Alexander ? Was this letter which she seemed to be holding in her hands, with those four words of fire staring up at her, something tangible, or a mere illusion of her fancy ? She put up her hand, as if to brush a film from her eyes, and to assure . herself that she was awake and in her rierht mind : but the sharp rattle of that soft, tbin paper made her shrink and cringe with sudden pain. No, it was no dream, no .delusion ; it was a terrible reality— one that would wreck her life and haunt her as long as she retained consciousness ; for, glaring up at her. from that perfumed sheet which rattled in her trembling hands, as if in mocking mjrth at her misery, she still saw those fatsfl words ; ' Your loving sister — Constance/ To be continued.' To Overcome Weakness. — Pepper's quen ine and Iron Tonic gives New Life, Appetiti Health, Strength, Energy. Cures Neuralgia Indigestion, Nerve Debility. Specially usefu in hot depressing climates or malarious districts. Everyone should keep up strength by taking Pepper's Quinine, the world-known English Tonic. Bottles everywhere. Truoat jJlfi'eot.ions and Hoarseness.— Onc suffering from iritation of the throat and hoarseness will ho agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchitis Troches." These f»t»ojw lozenges are now sold in most respectable chemists in thjs country, at Is l jd. per boje. People troubled with a hacking cough " slight cold, or bronchial affections, oangql try them -too soon, as similar troubles, if alloweh t<) progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asth matic affections. See that the word Brown' Bronchl Troches " are on the Government stains round each box — Prepared by John I. Brown and Sons, Boston, U.S., European Depot, 33 Farripd on jEtqnd, 