SIHE SHINES ME DOWN. CHAPTER I. 'THERE'S a sight of ivy; it does one's heart good. Miss Gladys, it makes me think of the old place; do just turn your head and look at it.' 'Wasn't I that wretched thiing a' wife,' and haven't I been that happy thing a 'widow' long enough for you to have forgotten that I was ever ' Miss Gladys,' Brit:on ?' 'But do turn your head, and see that ivy, ma'am; it's just for all the world like a bit of the old vicarage wall. It'll do your heart good to see it.' 'My head is too comfortable at the pre sent moment for me to disturb it on account of my heart, and I don't want to be reminded ol the old vicarage wall. The train is stopping for five minutes at Kingskerswell on its way from Newton Abbot as this conversation takes place. The speakers are the sole occupants of a first class carriage. Tbe one in whose mind reminiscences that appear to be fraught both with pathos and with pain are awakened by the sight of the ivy, is an elderly woman of the old county, family servant, class. The other, who declines to disturb the curiously luxurious position she has assumed in the opposite corner, is a graceful, striking looking woman with a small, oval, dark com plexioned, winsome, wistful face that lingers longer in the memories of most men who look upon it than do'far prettier ones. The lines of the mouth are not lacking in firmness, but when she speaks there is a slight nervous quiver of the lips that bespeaks extreme sensitiveness, and that occasionally misleads people who are not gifted with dis cernment into the error of supposing that Mrs. Cardigan belongs to the timid and eas ily coerced order of womankind. But this slight tremulousness of the mouth is con tradicted by the steady, earnest, unflinching expression of the dark, fearless eyes. Eyes that can look soft and sweet wlth the fairest love-light that ever dawned upon dazzled man, and that can when offered the smallest provocation by the latter, glitter with cruelty, or gloom over with dark despair of ever avenging the wrong suficiently. Just now Mrs. Cardigan is in her balmiest mood, for the West of England is untrodden ground to her, and its luxurient loveliness is sympathethic to that sensuous, beauty-loving soul of hers, which shrinks from contact with everything that is-cold or crude, rugged or barren, or colourless. As she lies there half curled up on the wide seat, keeping the sunbeams that she loves from touching her too warmily by the aid of a huge black fan, she is a perfect study of physical and mental repose. In reality she is encompassed by difficulties that are very dreadful and distressing to her whenever she thinks about them. But to her is given the blessed power of banishing the consideration of distasteful subjects when in the enjoyment of perfect physical pleasure that does not require the slightest exertion to secure its continuance. If the atmosphere is full of golden light, and tender warmth, and delicate perfime, she can lie and steep herself in it with the intense pleasure of a cat. She can also shake 6ff its drowsy, ener vating influence in an instant, and lead an at tack, or conduct an offence with an amount of alacrity and vigour that is sadly discomposing to those who have been beguiled by ' Gladys couchant' into losing sight of the fact that 'Gladys rampant,' is a danger to be avoided by all those who have instinct of self-preser vation. But to-day she is in her balmiest mood and she does not suffer this mood to be ruffled even by Britton's ill-advised reference to an old ivied wall in the meshes of whose intricate network a thousand recollections of bygone youth and happiness are entwined. The scene is new; the day is fine; she has ascertained at Newton Abbot that her mare, Steel Grey, and her slobbering-mouthed frowning-browed mastiff have stood the jour ney down from town well, and she is con scious of looking supremely pretty, and of being in such admirably munitioned and rig ged case altogether as will ensure her some sale and satisfactory sailing for sometime over the sunny sea of life in Torquay. That the day of reckoning must come be fore long she knows well. She also knows well that when it comes she will be unpre pared, and have no kind of account to give or explanation to offer. But though she is in fullest possession of this knowledge she does not allow it to dis turb her pretty, graceful, enjoyment of the bright, balmy, beautiful present. She saunters about the Torquay station, in dolently looking at the bay and the terra-cotta coloured cliffs, covered with masses of foliage that dip down to look at themselves in its blue unruffled waters. It takes some little time for her belongings to be got out of the train and concentrated in one spot, where she can review them to see if any are missing, and if all have arrived in good order. Her mare and her dog, and her groom and her maid, her little Victoria and pair of slip pery-looking, wicked-eyed ponies, all pass muster favourably under her keen inspection, and now regardless of the impassioned en treaties of about a dozen of the drivers of midges and'conductors of the omnibuses from the various hotels, she sends the rest of her suite on in advance of her to the " Im perial, " and starts off herself to walk to it, accompanied by the tawny dog Vengeance. As she saunters slowly along the road, pausing now and again to look over the sea wall at the yachts dancing at anchor in the bay, she attracts a good deal of attention from the driving, riding,' and walking-crowd of air seeklers which is drifting Paignton-wards at this hour. It has been said that she is a striking-look. ing woman, but from this statement it must not be surmised for a moment that she be longs to the obnoxious shcool of' fast' loud' or ' dashing-looking' women, Gladys Cardigan strikes the eye, and rivets attention to herself, by reason of her ex quisite ease, and the utter absence of any thing remarkable or calculated to call atten tion to its wearer in her attire. Yet, as her pliant, splendidly-outlined figure passes over the ground every one gives a second glance at the wearer of the dead leaf green Ulster and small round hat which crowns the summit of the small shapely head that is snakelike in its-supple poise and slender grace. As she passes along the Strand, two men who have seen watching the progress she and her dog have been making along the Torbay Road from the dock of a yacht, land from the gig in which they have hurriedly put on shore, and gain a nearer sight of her, They pass close to her, and though her soft, steady eyes never veer from their straight-on ward look in the direction of either man, she has taken in every external attribute they possess, and is fully competent to declare what manner of men they are. That in their respective way they are both of them men of mark she is certain. And her perception and intuition are not in fault. Thie sunburnt, blue-eyed, stalwart-framed young fellow who strides along as if he were accustomed to walk over ground and among people who own hissway, is Archibald Sal toun, the son of the oldest stocks, the squire of one of the most beautiful parishes, and the master of the finest' pack of fox hounds in Somersetsbire. The paler, slighter, dark-haired man whose shoulders droop, and whose head hangs for ward a little in a way that seems to be indi cative of either deep thought or intense weariness, is Clcmont Dumorest, an already well-klnown and moderately well remunerated painter of historical pictures that are almost invariably well'placed on the line, well-men tioned by the art critics, and well sought by art patrons. Mr. Dumorest is 'well known,' not 'famous' yet, but with a touch of rare modesty, be is perfectly satisfied that he is in quite as good a place in the race for fortune and fame as he deserves to be in. He has the magnanimity to feel that he has passd better men than himself, that cir cumstances have not handicapped him as heavily as they have some of his compeers,and that the out-cry for daily bread which some of those lucklless ones who have failed to gain it have raised, has been charged with more force and feeling, more truth and beauty, than have some of his demands which have been amply and satisfactorily responded to. But the knowledge that where the many havefailed, he, the one, has succeeded, does not lead bim on to vaunt himself, or his luck, or his tact. He is man enough to own his demerits, and to rejoice that they are so well rewarded. He is also man enough to giving a helping hand conlinually to those brothers and sisters of his craft, who are poising themselves in peril and fear on the lowermost round of the ladder. And, let his conduct be leniently viewed, he is man enough to conceal from his wife (Archibald Saltoun's only sister), that the charity he ex tends to ever- recurring needs at home, he exercises without her knowledge abroad. ' What a lovely woman, and what a jolly dog !' Mr. Saltoun says as they strode ahead out of hear-shot of Miss Cardigan. ' The dog is a very fine fellow,' his com panion replies ; * as for the woman--' SNow you're going to depreciate her and extol the milk-white heifers, whose hair re mindsoneof thesun in a fog, and whose fleshy young frames are inducted into clinging gar ments of a clear religious hue;.how splen didly this one would swing in the saddle i Jove I wouldn't I like to see her on one of my hunters with his blood up, and the hounds in view on Exmoor I' 'I wasn't going to depreciate her, Arch. But perhaps you wouldn't think what.I was about to say too complimentary to your taste, so I'll leave it unsaid.' 'Speak on ; it doesn't much matter what your verdict is on a woman I admire, and I shall never see again.' 'She's as perfect a combination of Cleopatra and the serpent as ever as I imagined, much less saw, ' Dumorest says. Then they came to a halt and affected to be looking at and admiring the lines of Saltoun's little yacht, the " Ghost" but in reality they want to have another glimpse of the dusky, wistful face, and undulating figure of Mrs. Cardigan. 'It's a fair wind, what there is of it. Shall we start for the Channel Islands to-night Clement?' the younger man is saying as she passes. 'I am more than willing; I'm delighted at the prospect of a move,' Dumorest answers, heartily. Then he adds, but Mrs. Cardigan does not hear this: * Florence is the best wife, and I know you think the best sister in the world, Arch, but directly she becomes due on board the;yacht we ungratefully regard her as a nuisance. I believe if the truthwere told she'd ten times rather be on dry land than on the high seas. Let us be off to.night and leave word to the effect that she stays at the " Imperial ' and redeems the time of our absence in reviving her memories of this lively land in which it seemeth alwas afternoon.' 'So be it, ' Arch answers, turning off in the direction of the hotel at once. ' Let us go and secJre her quarters, and dine it the table d'bote. ' They turn off the Strand, and up the steep hillthat leads to the "Imperial" and the lady's gaze follows them interestedly. 'I should like to get more than a passing thought from the big, blue-eyed man. He's like the Prince of Wales would be if he were not the Prince of Wales but merely an ath letic country gentleman. If that's his yacht they have come off he must have money; she's ninety tons if she's an ounce, and a ninety-tonneris not kept up on a modest competence. Vengeance, you and I will have a sail in that yacht on this wavy Septem ber sea before we are a week older. My dog, we will, though we both detest, not only a life, but an hour on the ocean wave.' The great, heavy-browed, tawny brute lurching along by her side looks up with frowning brow but smiling eyes into her face as she speaks, and she inclines her head towards him, and seems as though she were addressing a friend. 'There's something good about that woman. Thedog loves her,' Arch Saltoun says to his brother-in-law, and the two. men watch her with renewed interest, as she passes them, reclining on a seat from which they command a grand view of the baths and assembly-rooms, and Torquay, .and makes her way on steadily towards thd hotel. Don't follow the dog's example,' Clement Dumorest laughs. *'Nevertheless we'll find out who she is. A bit of the local form and colour of Torquay, I should say, from the easy and very-much-at-home manner which she conveyed herself and her dog through the admiring crowds on the Sirand. Come on, Arch. Flo will never let you look at one of the daughters of the land, you know; and she'll be to the fore to-morrow with her wills and insistances. Resign yourself to your sister, as I do, old man, and be grateful to her for the Ruben's-like beauties she'll be proffering you, On my word, if I did'nt know my wife to be one of the best women on the face of the earth 1 should say she had a natural and highly.cultivated taste for bigamy. I came out from the ordeal scath less, because I'm satisfied with Flo. But when she takes to encompaasing you with a few young, large-limbed, ox-eyed girls you'll begin to wish that lavishness was not the characteristic of your family. SAll this Clement Dumorest delivers in an easy, unhesitating manser, as they ascend 'the hill, When they turn into the courtyard of the "Imperial" he relinquishes languor in a burst of genuine admiration for something that is true and beautiful-perfect of its kind. ' See those ponies I' he exclaims, pointing out a pair who have just been taken out of a small Victoria, and are standing at the en. trance door; ' they are'like that woman we passed just now, Arch I I've seen many a handsomer horse, but these impress them selves upon you.' Even as he speaks the lady in the dark Ulster comes into the yard, and the hotel people range themselves about her, impressed by the grimness of the maid and the goodness of the horse-flesh which have preceded her. \- TO BE CONTINUED. At the urgent request of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Earl of Kintore, Governor of South Australia, has decided to remain for the lull period of a Governor's term of office. He will, however, have to be ab sent from the colony for sic months, 