Meston's Blacks. The Aborigines' Protection Society of Vic toria finds itself face to face with a serious problem, remarks the writer of " Fugitive Notes" in the S. M. Herald. A short time ago 26 Queensland blacks were induced to form a travelling company, go south, and give an exhibition of wild life in the far north. In theatrical jargon, the " ghost" refused to walk almost from the start. The chief question at present uppermost among colonists is not how to support autochthenes, ■ but how to support themselves. Again— to fall back ouce more on the expressive argot of the stage—the display was a "frost" from the beginning. It consisted of spear throwing, boomerang - hurliug, dancing, stalking, painting on the nude, tracking, and various other illustrations of native life. It spite of all they had to show, these talented people failed to draw. The few whites who did attend expressed their sur prise, not that the newcomers failed to make a living in Victoria, but that they managed to make a living anywhere. The boomerang throwing, for instauce, showed that the company—so Melbourne journals say—had but an elementary acquaintance with the peculiarities of that erratic weapon. This, after all, is scarcely a matter of wonder. The boomerang is a soit of terrestrial comet. Once it starts no man born of woman can confidently say, how it will go, where it will go, or what it will hit. The more expert the thrower, the more exasperatiugly eccentric is the flight. One characteristic it has, to be sure, that ob trudes itself at each demonstration with the certaiuty of an eclipse. ■ When thrown in anger it gyrates aimlessly in the welkin until it flutters harmlessly to the hurler's feet. Either this or it rapidly goes out of sight, leaving its course a mere matter for carping disputation, But when thrown in fun, as before a mixed audience of Caucasian sightseers, the true malignity of its character becomes quickly apparent. I've known it on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to sail round the outside of an immense ellipse of spectators till it came to the most inoffensive looking person in the periphery. The manner in which it would assault him in presence of his wife and family as well of the authorities was little short of brutal. The spear-throwing, too, of the Queensland troupe has been adversely commented on. Indeed, some reporters do not hesitate to say that, until they witnessed it, they always imagined a shower of Australian spears to de dan gerous. As for the painting or rather body daubing, it is enough to say that the best artist among them could scarcely draw a crooked pipe-clay line, let alone a straight one. And now the whole 26 have applied to the Aboriginies' Protection Society for relief. It is almost a pity that they should have been permitted to travel. In their distant homes they were at least always sure of sustenance so long as snakes and alli gators held out. There is no room in our pushing modern civilisation for poor savages who even cannot throw a crooked stick with an approximation to accuracy. 