AMUSEMENTS. Thero was a very good attendance at tho Theatre Uoyal Inst night, whouMantoaux Noire had its fourth production. To-night tho final performance of this opera will be given, and on Thursday night Rip Van Winkle will be revived, Friday night Feeing the Ia«fc of the appearances of the Australian Opera Company, 'iho benefit to Mr. George Dean, manager of tho Australian Juvenile Opera Company, is announced for Saturday ovoning next, at- ths Theatre Royal. The co-opcration of a large and influential committee has been secured. Selec tions from Rip Van Winkle, specialties by various leading Artists, a sketch by Messrs. Gourlay and Shine, an aot ot Los Cloches' do Corneviilc, and the fourth act of the Shaugh- raun, in which Miss Ada Bemister will appear for tho first time in thu colonies as Claro Ffolliott, will form features of tho bill. The Melbourne Caledoitiau Sooioty's ooncert in aid of the Brisbauo floods relief fund, whioh takes plaou nfc the Town Hall noxt Saturday, should be highly successful. A very large number of artists have coino forward to assist, and both his Excellency the Acting Governor and his Worship the Mayor of Molbouriie havo given their patronage. Tho box plan is now opon at Olcn s. The Allrambra and Palace of Varieties is the title under whioh a now form of ontertainmont is promised at the Opera House, commencing on Saturday, 4th March, A proininoat feature in connection with tho projoct will be the presenta tion of olaborato ballets. Mr. John Wallace, late of tho Prinocas's Theatre, is to act as stage manager. Mr. John Hcnnings, tho well known sconio artist, is attached iu, a professional capacity to tlio theatre. The business manage ment is in the hands of Mr. Joo Blown. A large audience attendud Fiilis's Circus last evening. On Saturday next thero will be a matinee of the Water Pantomime. Tbe benofit concert wbioh is to be tendered on 2nd March to Madame Julius Herz, who is leaving tho colony shortly, promises to bo a most successful affair. A powerful list of hor fellow artists have signified their intention of assisting, and the Royal Metropolitan Liedertafcl, In recognition of her husband's lengthy and honorable tenure of the offioe of couduotor to tho society, iu addition to taking part in thu concert, havo secured tho wbolo of the south gallery for their merabors. His Excelleuoy the Acting Governor and MrB. Madden have, likewiso ex tended their patronago to the . affair, at which they will bo present in person. . Tickets tnny be obtained and seats secured at Glen's, whore tho box office will bo open oh Thursday morn ing. Spceial attractions are announced for the Exhibition concert to bo given next Saturday evening. In addition to the customary ballads by Mr. Turner's concorfc company, thoservioesof Mr. G. H. Snazollo and Herr Ivan Trerigold havo been secured for tho occasion. T-he former is announced to sing Gounod's Nazareth, illus trated by limelight > views of incidents in the iifo of the infant Saviour, and in addition , to give a recital Said I to Myself Said I, and a Humorous &oug; Mr. Jones's Awful Droam with mechanical ghost effects. Herr Trerigold, who is a Russian and a pupil of Rubinstein, will play a couple of piano solos with his eyes bliudfoldod. Theru will be also an exhibition of ohromottopbes or silent fireworks. Melbourno musical circles, writes our New Zealaud correspondent, are about to reooivo an important acquisition in tbe person of Mrs. William Angus, a lady of good musical oulture, who possesses a contralto voioo of great range and depth. For a number of years Mrs, Angus has been in the front rank of the lady vocalists of Duncdiu, aud when sho leaves1 that city, which she docs by this week's Melbourno boat, thero will be nobody left to fill up thu gap, as contraltos of her calibre are scarce commodities on this side of tbe water. Mrs. Angus lias been equally successful in oratorio, In opera and lipdn the concert platform, and this sliu owosin a great measuro to Signor Carineini Morloy, tbe well known Italian tenor, under whose direction she studied for n considerable time. Mr)<. Angus had & fine send off ooncert last week, arid she leaves Dunediu with the best wishes of hosts of friends forsuooess iu her new sphere of notion. 