Our london Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London. __ . Julv ia isoa MY DEAR CLA.RA,-I told you that London waa resting. Well, that rest has degenerated into collapse ! We have all been toiling through the Wedding March" for so long and in such various forms that we are tired to death. The calm has come after the storm. There is nothing left to us now but to "talk it over," and lassitude and laziness prevail. We have acquired that "off" sort of feeling you get the day after you have had a big dinner party, a reception and a ball-when the house is being restored to its normal condition, and every- body is out of the way in their own little particular sanctum sanctorum, taking surreptitious 40 or, perhaps, 50 winks, and in a dazed, demoralised, and generally done-up condition. * m * Did I tell you we went to the state performance of the opera ? No. Well we did, and it certainly was a most brilliant show, but full of moving accidents and funny incidents. It poured with rain for one thing. Of course, we had to start V6ry early to get there at all; for, in spite of J. Fluvius, Esq., being so much in evi- dence, the streets were dreadfully crowded. Papa had arrange i with Sir 'Arris (they are quite chums you know) that we should stay in the ves- tibule to see the Royalties pass. We had Bessie Stanhope, a country cousin (such a pretty girl), with us, and of course she was dying to see ali the sights, and particularly the " young people " she wished to be quite close to them, but after all it was rather a failure, for lots of later people came in and stood before and in front of us. We had to wait some little time, and then came HEH. and oe his arm was his mother-in-law, the Queen of Denmark, and, unlike the general run of ladies occupying that responsible and peculiar position, she smiled and looked pleasant. You see she had not come to stay ! Close behind them was the King of Donmark, looking so handsome, and proud of the daughter he had on his arm, H.E.H, the I //^SSS=nu_i .... . ^^-raagasSSSS^-S^g; Princess of Wales, who was perfectly lovely in silver grey satin and diamonds. After them walked the two young princesses, dressed m whit** with natu- al flowers in their hair, fastened with diamond stars; and they were followed by the Duke of York, the Czarewitch, and Prince Walde- mar of Denmark. And poor Bessie was so disap- pointed, for we found out that Princess May and the whole Teck menage had arrived some time before. Of course after the Royal party had .passed-it was the usual thing-the mob moved after them, and it was with some difficulty we ¿rot to our box. It was a wonderful sight. When we stepped to the front the band was just striking up ." Good Save the Queen," and the whole audience were on their feet, and cheer upon cheer (well bred ones of course) rang through the theatre. Bessie's eyes were fixed on the bride-elect-this girl who had been picked out by fate for such a high destiny The future Queen of England looked very nice. She wore a good deal of composure consideiing the occasion, and a pale blue brocade trimmed with, frills of satin in pale blue pink and green, scarcely any jewellery; but, her mother, the Duchess of Teck, was covered with diamonds. In fact it is now quite the proper thing to put on as miny as you possibly can get by hook or by crook. Fancy, you not only have tiaras, and bracelets, and rows upon rows, ia fact rivers of them, roucd your neck; but you positively have a girdle (if you can get it) of diamonds. The Marchioness of Lon- donderry (in white) and Lady Brooke (in pink) were conspicuously adorned in this fashion. The house looked magnificent Eopes upon ropes of roBes-real, not paper ones-were festooned from box to box, and there were upwards of 600 bou- quets. All the roses that Covent Garden could possibly beg, borrow, or steal were there. It if calculated that more than 100,000 blooms were ir the theatre that nierht. Nearly all the men were in levee dress, and lots of them seemed dreadfully uncomfortable. The "Yeomen of the Guard " were on duty, and looked very picturesque. Som< people took them for " Beefeaters," but it wai not so. The Boyal box (formed by five oi six boxes being thrown into one) wan draped witl fluted white silk, and made into a perfect bowe: by garlands of roses and orange blossoms; and th« electric light peeped out in the prettiest manne from deep down in the hearts of the rose3 and th« cups of the calla lilies. The opera was Gounod' "Romeo and Juliet," with Melba and Jean d Reske, but nobody seemed to pay attention to th performance, and there was a buz, and a chatte' and a rustle, and a flutter all through the evening The ordinary "bill of play " was on white satir with the portraits of the Royal pair and the " books of the opera " were gilt edged, and bound in white vellunc There was a fearful trouble to get awaj The rain came down in torrents. We waited mon than an hour, and then we had to tramp out i the mud and wet, and I lost my temper, and Deb lost her shoes, and poor Bessie was frightened t death, and papa expressed himself iu language c the strongest. Fancy, no carriages were allowe within a mile of the place until the more than 4 Royalties and their multifarious, and polyglc entourage had departed nice and uomfortabl and dry. It is at such moments as these th: you feel that democracy is not Buch a wicked thin after all. Do you know that the weather hi been so fearfully hot for so long a ti » e that a the ladies of the creation have " lassitude " ai all the lo. ds have " liver." # » * There was a dreadful "faux pas" at tl wedding. Th« Quean's procession was a little t previous, and when it arrived at Ambassadoi Court, horrible to relate, there was no one receive her. Her Most Graciousness look neither to the right nor to the left, but straight front, and was not only rigid but frigid. O moment of dreadful suspense ; and then out, ir great state of perspiration and mental confusi< tumbled Lord Carrington and a mob of officia and fell on their faces intheirdust (metaphorica I mean), and were altogther so afflicted a so sorry that they quickly plaçai our Imperial and R^yal and Only Ol They say the crowds in the street were hot those crowds should have been in the corrie where we, the " standing up lunch " guests, w< penned for an hour and a half before we coi «et anything to eat, or, worse, to drink ; it v the superlative of hot. Some of the ambassad were very indignant at the standing-up busint but Mr. Gladstone and Lord Salisbury did it, s don't see why they should grumble. Last Fric we went again to Henley. It was délit, htful get once more on the river after i teat, and dust, and rush, and hurry of the toi They say poer Lord Carrington has gone to Y for a week. Nobody but himself can tell what has gone through these last few days-putting many dignitaries in their places, and, worse than that, keeping them there. Also, that he has had |i so mach walking backwards that it has turned his brain, and that he was with difficulty persuaded jj! the other day to ascend the steps of the club in i .; the usual instead of the unusual way. v s There has been a great scene in the House. || Mr. Dillon, ina speech made some years ago, had |;; threatened that when the Home Bule Bill was an u established fact the Irish leaders would mark down |ja " the enemies of the people " for punishment. Mr. || Chamberlain called this speech " a brutal out- p rage," and demanded from the hon. member an à explanation. After thinking it over for 10 days (ii; Mr. Dillon came down to the House and said $ when he made those remarks, his blood was boil- i| ing over with the memories of the massacre at j$ Michelstown, when those innocent men, " asinno- ;i cent as any man who sits in this House," were Y shot down by the police. Mr. Chamberlain, with admirable patience, waited till the explanation was finished, and then pulverised Mr. Dillon by | declaring "the speech was made in Dice m ber, (| 1886\. The massacre at Michelstown was in 2$ 1887\. " A thrill-a silent thrill-ran through the I House, a thrill of Tory joy, and Glad^- i stonian horror. Everybody was speechless. p Mr. Dillon sat crushed in an agony, and as fl white as a ghost, and the G.O.M., who dislikes i breakdowns of this or ia fact of any sort, sank b^ck in his seat with a look of horror. |* Mr. Joe Chamberlain is great fun some- f.| times. He entered the other night just | in the middle of the now usual scene, and being |j appealed to, this is what he said : " I have not |; been in the House long enough to have heard | what took place in my absence. t< * * fi " I Bantzin" was produced at Covent Garden '! last Friday night. There was a tremendous house, ;|j and during the evening Mr. Ascherberg presented f Mascagni (who conducted) with a baton, en- | crusted with precious stones. The opera is in j; four short acts, with a tiny thread of a story. The f music is curiously reminiscent of " CavallerU," ![ and somewhat pretentious for so purely bourgeois jj; a them». P opie who ought to know consider it a f decided retrogression on the part of the com- ;: poser. Melba created the part. i; * * «I; Phil May and his friend, Mr. Grew, returned ;ji from .'he States on the Eoy al wedding day, and j found the GRAPHIC office covered with flags and j; monograms of G. and M. But Phil was not quite j so elated when i twas explained to him they were i meant for "George" and "May" and not for . " Grew " and " May." ! * * '!? * . ;' The Duke of York is two inches shorter than ] his wile, but by nome mysterious and sole- j supporting process he, at the hymeneal altar, } stood an inch taller. i * * ? ? :! * l There is nothing exciting in the theatrical ] world, and in the whole of London last week I there was only one concert. I hear that Mr. : Christie Murray is in groat demand at the Hay- market. They want him to play the part of a priest in a new piece by Mr. Henry Arthur Jones. ¿ * * * Miss Loie Fuller, the original " Serpentiner," is now "serpentining" nightly at the Gaiety and Shaftesbury theatres. They do say that the limelight men have nearly as much to do with the success as Miss Loie herself, and that it is a shame they are not called before the curtain too. * ? The Queen has plaited a straw hat. It goes to ! Chicago. j * * i * ! Mrs. Arthur Stannard (John Strange Winter) has dropped the " Anti-Crinoline League," and ! resumed the editorship of WINTER'S WEEKLY. ! * * I * ! The Princess of Wales is to sit to Mr. Luke Fildes, E.A., for her portrait. *#* Lady Eva Greville, sister-in-law to Lady Brooke, is lady in waiting on the Duchess of I York. ! * * * Affluent but Ugly.-She : " Will you love me always, darling ?" Impecunious but Handsome.-He (squeezing her ) : " Adored one." A-but U-. She (rather breathless) : "Ah-h -but-will you love me the same when my money is all gone ?" I-but H-. He (rather angry): "What non- sense. You know we can't touch the principal." * Good-bye, dearest.-Your loving cousin, KATE. I i $ ? m. J Henley, from the River. " ' - ' 