’The Bentley Season- "MACBETH" A goodly audience mastered a t -the Theatre Royal last night to-Witness Mr Walter Bentley’s impersonation of Shakespeare’s great production “ Macbeth/' which forms the second play from toe works of the immortal bsrd placed upon the boards during the Bentley season. A wonderful love for and appreciation of England’s greatest poet permeates all classes of our community, and they are always ready to respond by presence and praise to really legitimate and careful rendering such as Mr Bentley and his company can give. Last night tbe attentive and discriminative audience were rewarded by a powerfully impressive reading, essentially Mr Bentley’s own, of thegreatTha&e.; From rise to fall of the curtain, in everyone of the magnificent scenes, his acting was a pronounced success. In Act 1., soene 8, where he soliloquises on his promotion by Ring Duncan aud ruminated on tbe prophecy of the three weird sisters, that he will bo exalted to the throne, the deep thought and careful study wbioh Mr Bentley has given to the character were manifest. Tbe realistic working of emotion on hie features, and the changing of his demeanor as his wife, alternately praising him and goading bun with tannts of cowardice, unfolds her plan of murdering Duncan and thus clearing the way for Macbeth’s accession to the throne, which are essentially necessary to a true ponrtrayaj of the scene are performed to perfection. The dagger scone was impressively rendered. In scene I. Act II. (the supper scene), where tbe sight of the apparition of Banquo fills him with frenzied terror, Macbeth is very stiong, and his command to the ghost, "Avaunt,and quitioysight!” is given with all the agonised accents of a horrified, conscience-stricken man. Iu the last act, too, when he finds th at his enemies are encompassing him, that Birnam Wood Is approaching Dnnsinane and that retribution for his crimes will possibly immediately overtake him, the contemplated suicide and change of resolution, “ Why should I play the Roman fool 7” were powerfully marked. Th.* conflict bebetween Macbeth and Macduff in the final scene is a carefully performed display, and the unnatural requirement of tha : necessary to s times he was the delighted spectators, and hailed with thunders of applause. As Lady Macbeth and the Queen Miss Kate Bishop had a better opportunity of displaying her histrionic powers than has before been corded her during the season. Her caption of tbe strong-minded designing woman, whose ambition stifles and buries all traces of womanly attributes in her, and who thinks only of becoming the wife of the King of Scotland,, is a powerful and finished one, and on more than one occasion she was called before the curtain. She was also presented with a handsome bouquet. Mr Lachlan McGowan made an excellent king. Mr E. B. Russell’s Banquo vaa a well-conceived performance, being carried out with a natural and pleasing consistency. Macduff was iu the able hands of Mr H. R. Roberts, who it needs scarcely be said gave the spectators an excellent version of the character of Macbeth's Nemesis. The tim e wVird sisters were ably represented tby Mr Joe Stork, were wild and weird, especially the canid' ron scene, which was highly impressive, Mr C. Wakefield's Malcom w&s;& creditable piece of acting. ’ l»e play was staged in Mr Bentley’s usual complete and niagnificient style, tbe dresses being particularly gorgeous. The music web supplied by efficient orchestra under Mr J. Brown. 