' How SliaU wo Decide this Question?' Now, which fi the worse — to have no appetite/or j/our dinner, or to Itave no dinner for your appetite f Taure are lots of portplu on the one ««i«1o or the other of this question: When 'good 3igiiution waits on .eppotite and health ou both,' that is the ideal attitude or a i-eraon towards liis meals. But must of us are not blesaod iu thai way; we either have too' u.uch food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it DifForent folk will answer tois question differently, yet the common sense ot it is that, within reason able limits,- it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line) a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of 'alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. Wo recontly received a' communication in which the writer save, ' I was afraid to eat' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against iho nourif liruent lived on ? If the latter, why f Lot him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' Iu the year 1889 I changed my work from railway -porter to signal man. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not f oel myself. My mouth tastei bad, so that ordinary articles of diot seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thiug was like another, and none was good. My tongue \ras coated and. furred, with a dark line down the middle ana yellow fur round it My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, witii pains through the ohestdnd shoulders, which wore always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather no it felt like a ball in my throat, aud act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation ' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ?' I dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal Iiave I made, for I was afraid to eat.' ' After a time' I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of 6leop.' What ho means by the fear of 'some- thing going to happen ' is, of course, the tear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was duo, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illnesB is always full of ghosts nnd goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungovernod imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on mo. So I struggled' on, but what I suffered for over. tvso; years is past my. powers of ^description. lam sure no one has suffered so much as I have ilone.' '''.,' '..*.' ' IntWlatUiistatomept'ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's' dwn'pa'in is one's own, and 1 is al ways: . harder tc : haar than is ' one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is .a countless, multitude wko.are all. the' while going through tho. same wretched experience, ..only wp don't happen to dome In louch with thorn. . Well, tlio writer finally mentions that Rafter all modtcal treatment tad left him 'where it found him he chaiicedto read in a book of a case exactly like his ovm having , been cured by Mother . Seigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, ' gotme a bottle at Mr. Langstaff 'e. in YYoodtasford, and after using ite contents thp ailment left me und hus never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know whiit it did for me.' I have been employed by ? the Midland Railway Com panylor eleven years. . ' (Signed) .' Geoeoe Hum, ' Car Bottom Boad, ' Apporley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. .Hunt's desire, in ordor that part of the wojld at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 