CURIOUS GHOST STORIES. Bedlow's Island Has Been the Scene of Strange Adventures. AMONG the 'earlier traditions clustered about; Bedlow'a Ltlaud, was one to the effect that the late though not particularly lamented Captain Kyd had made the island one of bis banks of deposit. How the story originated no one kue«r, but one man became thoroughly couvinced of its truth. This w*a Sergeant Gibbs. He enlisted in 1825 and rem-uned at Fort Wood until it wits dismantled. He believed that his manifest, destiny was to unearth the treasure. Buc Gibbs was timerous and wanted a partner. He had heard that whenever * p<r»te captain buried a pot of gold hu always piled the bodies of two or three of his crew on top to keep guard. Gibbs wasn't afraid of ghosts, but he preferred that any interview he might have with them should bu ta the presence of a witness. Not fur many years onld he find any one to share his belief or join him in a treasure hunt. Bu1-, nt last, in a recruit named Carpenter, Gibbs found the partner he needed. He knew even less about Kyd than did Gibbs Still Carpenter was willing to take Gibba* word for it rhat the treasure was there somewhere. The only difficulty was to find it In this dilemma thfy concluded to consult a fortune-teller. Gibbs and Carpenter hunted ono of them up the first time they obtained a ** pasa" to the city. So small a matter as locating a treasure buried by a pinte a century or two ago did not trouble him. Besides, ' he was an unusually gifted seer, being the seventh son of a seventh daughter and .born with a caul. Having by a few discreet questions learned something abont the topography of the island, the seer asked if there wasn't a dat rock ?somewhere about the premises. " There is." said Gibbs, " on the north shore front, just about the middie of the island. But it's only accessible at low ttfe." -" Just the place a pirate would choose for such a purpose," said the seer. .* But the exact location can only be determined by a which-hazel divining rod." TiúV, happily, the seer was able to furnish for % consideration. But ' the treasure bunters wera warned to make the attempt "at the foll cf the moon" and at midnight. This suited them, aa it insured secrecy, but it caused them much delay. But they came together at last. When they set out ? Carpenter was a little timid about ghosts, hut Gibbs thought he could stand the dead pirates if they got the cash. They climbed through the barracks window, scaled tba ditch wall by means of a ladder, crawled between the sentries, and finally reached the shore. The witch hazel charm was brought out, and the search began. By the time it worked the tide began to rise. With pick and shovel, previously concealed on the shore front, the men began their excavation. Bow long they dug, how deeply they went into the wet* sand, or what they saw (or thought they sa») can only be guessed, but Gibbs finally uttered an unearthly yell that turned out avery man in the guardhouse. Gibbs was found unconscious in the water, and Carpenter Was intercepted by senti y as h« fled in the direction of the barracks. ; Later, when they told their story to the commandant, they said they had uncovered a flat box at the depth of foni feet, but just ss they were about to seize it they were confronted hy the regulation demons Their description of the beast varied." Gibbs said it was black, horned, had wings cn its shoulders, and wore its tail barbed. Carpenter said it was red, had neither wings nor legs, and moved without visible means of locomotion. Gibbs said the Kyd specter breathed sulphur fumes in his face and threw him into the bay. Carpenter said he didn't wait for that. The men expiated their folly by a day in the guard-boase, and whatever treasure Kyd bnriedon Bedlow's Island is still waiting for someone to discover i*. Two years later the island had another ghost, and of more substantial texture than the demon Kyd. It came out of the cemetery. Among the soldiers was a boaster by the name of Gardner. He was possessed of a cultivated taste for the supernatural, and had met and exorcised many ghosts. It was a source of continual regret to him that he had sot been a partner of Gibbs and Carpenter in their nocturnal adventure-else had the red and black beast been corraled and preserved ia spirits. But Gardner's time came. It was when, as a sentinel, it beeame his duty to mount guard on the "graveyard post" from ll p.m. until 2 a.m.-an uncanny time and place for a man with weak nerves. Look out for the graveyard, Gardner, and don't let any of the ghosts get away," cried the corporal, adding, as the eqaaà marched away. " the muster roll will be called at midnight." Perhaps this speech frightened Gardner, perhaps he "saw something." At all events, shortly after midnight he ran , affrighted, musketless and hatless, down I the road to the guardhouse. To the ! sergeant G rdner narrated how " a tall i thing, all it whit«," had suddenly risen from a new-made grave, floated rather than leaped over the fence, snatched hil musket from his hand, and driven him from his post at the point of the bayonet. When asked why ha had not exorcised this ghost after his usual fashion, Gard» ner replied that he wasn't uted to American ghosts-he was an Englishman, by the way-and this ghost was different from anything he bad ever encountered. British (¡bosta weie generally aged and respectable,. some of them of. three cen- turies' standing, and always well bred. They never inuVged in undue familiarity, did not io much as point a finger ; a fixed, stony stare attested their nobility ol birth-and death But this American ghost had shown «o breeding at all ; it had violently asfatalted him, and generally behaved in a moat unghostly fashion. The matter was duly reported at head- quarters and Gardner was ordered on thc same post. That night the farce was repeated, except that Gardner was a little mora frightened. He told the same story, his teeth chattering like thc " bones " in an " end man's " hands. The third night Gardner was posted on the same beat, with the same result. "What shall I do ?" asked the officer ol the day. as he made his report to th« commandant. .* The man has evident!] seen something. His fright is too real for simulation." " Well, the usual ghost never appearc more than three nights in succès sion." said the commandant. *' If thu one breaks the rule he will find himsell trapped-for I assume that this in a mah ghost. No respectable female ghost even of uncertain age, would be nut af tel midnight without an escort. Let it bi known that Gardner is to take the samt post at the same hour. Thia evening como ro me for instructions." The result was that 15 minutes aftei Gardner took up his dreary beat along tho graveyard that night he was snrrep titiously relieved by the commandant who left in bis place a man whom hi warranted to down any ghost that migh come along. His name was Smith. Hi had fought Seminoles in the Everglade! of Florida, and said '* they come so nea; to being the devil that a glimpse of thi real Satan, horns, hoofs, and tail wouldn't frighten him mach." Midnight came and want, bat the ghos had made no sign, so far as known, a the guardhouse, when tba changa o sentries waa snkaswa. Bat th« gbos was only a little lase. His watch had stopped or gone wrong. Ten minutes passed, and then a sudden cry rang out : " Corporal of the guard ! No 3!" The sentry on Post No. 2 sent the cry to the sentry on Po*t No. 1, who re- echoed it at the guardhuuee door. The corporal and his guard turned out. But they were in no hatte. They were going to fight the unknown <tnd preferred a "dead march" to a -double quick. At the graveyard post they fcuud Smith bending over thu form «if sn unconscious man wrapped in a white garment. By the light of a lantern he was identified as an enlisted man named William Duvanny. He did not revive until carried to the hospital. ** Just after 12 o'clock." *»id Smith to the surgeon, " I »aw something tall and white rise up from between two graves. I wasn't fool enough to think it come out of a grave, though it looked that w»y. I gave a yell, threw down my musket and ran. When I got past the graveyard gate I dropped on my knees, crawled back, got my musket'and crawled to the gate. As the ghost came out, I rose, struck at where I thought the head ought to be. and down he went in a heap. Hope I haven't killed him." The surgeon told him he hadn't-that Duvanny would be able to give *n account of the affair before daylight came Duvanny's story was that be bore Gardner a grudge, and, knowing bim to be an arrant coward, resolved to punish him through his fears. ile waked ti 1 Gardner was assigned to sentry duty on the graveyard post. Provid- ing himself with a sheet, he stole out of the barracks each night »bout ll o'clock, and, creeping along the «-hore wall, got into the graveyard from the rear. There he lay between two graves until midnight, when he donned the sheet, " appeared" to Gardner, and " the fun began " The first night the thing worked beautifully, but after that he had to hunt for Gardner. The latter didn't patrol hu beac, but stood shivering near the road wa] waiting for the ghost to come after him Three months elapsed before Duvannj was able to leave the hospital. Thei an informal court of inquiry decided tha he bad been sufficiently punbhsd. Bu he was sent west to grow up with thi country. Since that <ime Bedlow'a Island ba been as free from ghosts as Ireland i from snakes. - Free Press. 