! . OLD TESTAMENT HI8T0BY. . By the Rev. C, C. Fenn, M, A., Secretary of L the Church 'Miseionary Sooieiy, i It is very remarkable how different a book i the Bible is from what a person - knowing i Christianity only from some hnman system of : theologyhowever: orthodox — wonld': have ' previonely: expected. In no respect, perhapsi I is this difEerenoe greater than io tbo 'large' I proportion of Holy Scripture whioh is occu pied by narrative. These narratives are fonnd, of oonrse, in the New Testament as well SB In the Old. But in the acoeptanoe which they meet with in the present day, at least from a oertain nnmber of repntable oriticB, the two sets of narratives fare very difEerently. The description of facts and icoidents and persons in the Gospels and in 'the Acts are as yet, by almost ail EngiiBh writers who are oommouly deemed orthodox, aooepted as historical and aoourate. On the other hand, desoriptiens of facts and persons in many of the booke of the Old Testament are looked npon by many such oritioa as mythical, or not historioalj and soaroely even intended by their writers to be regarded ae biatorical. A myth is, of oonrse, a etory told, not becanse the inoidents desoribed in it aotnally took place, bat beoanse the repre sentation of them will have a oertain efEeot on its readers, even thongh they know it to be .fistitions— an ifEeot whioh the writer for some reason deems desirable. It is aaaerted by the critios referred to that the storiea of Abraham, Joseph, Moses, and other well-known ohar- aotera in the Bible are not, and were not meant to be, narratives of facte, but pious oompositions assuming the form ot narratives, thongh really intended only to convey soma general moral and spiritual iessons. ! -Speaking with all reverence, we may say that,' according to this view, God ia the same kind of Being that He would have been if He had acted as Jehovah Id represented to have acted towards Abraham and the other person ages of Biblical history. Aocordiug to the view held until lately by nearly all English writers regarded as ofthodox— thongh it has long been BcofE6d.at by acute and learned and laborious Continental eoeptioa— God. is really the God i who aotnally dealt so. and so . with those perBooageB,;.aDd who thns prepared srael, > prepared gradnally the enocesBive. generations of believers, and prepared the way generally, for: the Inoarnation pf Hie Only Begotten Son. : I Whioh, of those, two views would be d priori ibe more aoooptable to simple-minded believers, however learned, need not be eaid. pnt'thie'doea not settle ' the' question, beoaose, pa has been already remarked, the - Bible ia certainly a book of very difEerent oharaoter- jsticB from what any each |believers would previonely have expected to find in a spiritnal revelation from God. The question, then, should be dispassionately oonsidered. . . I take for granted the hiatorloal aoooraoy nd touthfuInesB of the New Testament, as plso its divinp anthority in all qoestions of i;tligionB dqotrine. 1 take for granted, therefore, the Incarnation, the miraoles re- i (jorded in the Goapels and the Aots, and in partionlar our Lord's Besnrreotion and Aa- qensipn. Let: us call the two general views whioh we pre ooqsldering, the bistorloal view, aod the , mythical view. It will be nnderato.od that the latter theory does not deny the possibility of .there: being; some substratnm of faot in the mythical narrative. On the other hand, those iho hold snbstantially. the other view may; jjjet believe that the.Qld Testament oontaina ispme oUegonoal flotioBS. 'All would, of course, admit this to be the case with the -parable addressed by Nathan t'o David.) A I - Before comparing the two view's, let -us call to mind, in the first' place, the aotnal facts of the Jewish people and the influence of that people on mankind. -The powqr of religion amongst the more' civilised nations of the worid is at the present moment immense. Whether it ia less or inore now thanin past times, or in any partionlar past period, need not here be disonssed. But the only nligion which has any power at all in these nations. is on# whioh, 'hnmanly speakiDg,'iB of JevdA origin. And the only religions books whioh really exercise any great power in the same field are, with two exceptions (St. Luke's Gospel and the Aots) almost certainly the works of Jewish authors. Here is a remark able, almost unique, result. -It must have some oanse. We, being Theists, know that the -cause must be of God. God HimseU mailt have called, God did call, the Jews to thisgreat work ; and He must therefore barb given to-them, or at least to the books Writtea by them, the qaalitieB needed. - .< (A There is a certain theory of inspiration whioh may ha called the diotatiqn tbeoky. iilt has often been vigonironsly and spooessfaUy attacked ; bat I am not snre thtt I knew: any person who really held it,) and I oertoinly oannot make ont that ft was ever formally maintained by any writer whatever. It waa not npheld, for inatanoe, by Professor Gauaseni strongly "as he' inHsted that the effects of divine inspiration extended to- the iworda .aa well as the thoughts of ths inspired writeial The diotation, theory, if it ever existed in any hnman mind, would teach that all the wordf of every book in the Bible were miraonlonsly diotated to the human writer, altogethet independently of any action of his owta mind and totally unafEcoted by any of his own previous beliefs or previous spiritual edudation or, in short, by any of his own iBent'al oharaotefistioa. 'Of course, it there exist persons'who adopt this notion, they will not regard it as in the smallest' degree -probabla (or improbable either) that the' unspired writers should) have been previously trainedj either in their own persons or through their parents and ancestors, by divinely ordered facts in the past history of their nation. Those who hold this view — if there be any snob — may regard with perfect equanimity that account given of Old Testament history whioh we have termed the mytbioal aooonht, and which is stated in the article on the History of the Jews in the latest edition 61 ; the Fnoycltpeedia Britannica. :< a But i laXe for granted that the :gr.eat ! majority of thoso who read these lines are fnlly obnvinoed that those hnman beings who composed the books of the Old and New Testament were " holy men," who thronghont the whole of their being were " moved ' when they wrote "by the -Holy Ghost.'' : (2 Peter i. 21.) All their mental. charaoter- istioB, those that were owing to natural' oonstitntion, as well as those that were the result of previous individual or nationaP education, were nsed by the Divine Teooher- when He made them His instruments for>the; -great work to which He had called them;' ! Paul, we all believe, was never more traly> - Paul, never more truly exhibited his hataru! , gifts, never showed more clearly that be-tiadi i been tanght by Gamaliel and had studied as lad in some elementary sohooi of' Greekc ; rhetoric, that be was the desoendantiof piouai believers, receiving all the best e!ements>6f' : Israelite religiona tradition, serving God fromi his forefathers with a pnre oonecienoe,vaiidi that he had seen how all the noblest hopes ofi his godly lorefuthers, and all the snblimMti teaching ot their sacred books, were tnlfiUed' in Jesns of Nazareth— than when he wrptei nnder Divine inspiration. Would not 'the isame be the bass with all the writers of the \- Bible? Is it not to be expected that albthe; writers of the Biblioal books may be meal prepared, both individually and nationally;'! for their great and lofty vocation?:" Audi when we see ths absolutely unique position ' ;at least, in a religions point of view-held byi the Bible, must we not, as already intimated,!! believe that for this unique result there wonid be a nuiqae cause? Must we not believethat'! the national education given to the writers 'by' their past national history had been of a kind ' fitted to attain the wonderful and extraordinary ' jend that has been attained, and that, therofoirt,': I that past history would be altogether nnlikd:! the history of 'any other nation ? To all wbd"- jbelieve in God's foreseeing Government of" the world, this at least is certain-— ;that the''' pvents which befell the Jewish nation prerioiia ' to the oompoaition and completion -of -the) hooks of the Old and New Testaments wonid have prepared them to be the hnman eonfbes ) pt those books. The question then naturally ) prises : What were these events, what was' that previous history ? .. ii-i-i To this question msny answers have heeh-' given. Only two' of these answers, ' howeverj' '' jvill be oonsidered in- the following Hnes'; ' pamely, that which is oommoiilj regarded 'as- ' the Biblioal wjcount, and that which haibeen''"' given by Herr Wellhanseu, in the article'''' which he coDtributed to the latest edition of the Encyclopcedia Britannica. . 7 Let the Biblical account bo stated u-'!' fpllows:— J ; Ever since there was a universe to bbaervei:' and inaa to observe it, the being and Will of 6 Divine Artificer, and therefore of a Divine' Buler, have been diioernible." (Monle "on:'' Romans i. 20). But " inen beoatnd vain ih' < their reasoning, and their senseless heart wn'" :d|arkened. Men once knew Godi; bnt thfs/ knowledge they lost, all but entirely. God '' then made Himself ''known to- one' -ihaii,' -'I Abraham. . ' ' As to how this revelation was made it 'had ipot pleased Mod to give as full information'.'" 'Onions 6ooau6D,'howevnr,' 'we'aTS'diitilnctI)r''<' (t6ld that three majeatio human forme appeared to Abraham that those pereone audibly con iversedt with him,- in the hearing of hia wife, randtate before him food thathehad provided, :and that one!) of three, in the oonne of the joonvereatioo, ehowed Himeelf to be the Lord i(Jehovah).: This is: the firet definite aooount jOf lai.viaihle iupernatnral manifeeation of God to 'mannin what may be called the .hietory of lerael.'>< i What, we may reverently uk,.iB the rationale. ;of thie ? May it not:be illuetrated itiyithe!;:oonduot of a mother towards her infant, child? The infant at first receives dentations from all surrounding objects, and formsMSome sort lof conception of these as o'ansed of suchi sensations. But the mother (irantdiito make known to her infant son kerselfj herself as a conscious being sympathis' ingdwith biui. Many kinds of animated and active I gestures are used for this purpose, appealing to eight and hearing and touch. At laetvlier object is accomplished. The infant faeoomes aware of her personality, and ac knowledges!: her . presence with a 1 smile. Mutual understanding and sympathy is thus established between: them. When once this is fhlly efEeoted, tire more striking and strennons eirtions gnst . referred to / are no longer necenary. I Qoiet and regulan modes of oom- muhication are more appropriate. But if any estrangement subsequently ' arises between mothor and ohild, tbe more energetic and extraordinary expressions of feeling may again'Kblecome expedient. 60 it was with Israel r and Israel's progenitors. There were times when' the proofs of thp presence of God and lof' His: ruling, protecting, end guiding Eiwer ehecamo: more necessary. Such,, fcr stahooj. was > the case at the oonolnsion of tlie sojourn in Bgypt ; Israel had largely for gotten God. It wasnecesea that He should manifest Himself to them'in a manner that could not be mistaken. This was accordingly affected by. the ten plagues, the miraculous deliverance from Bgypt, ' the . audible voice from! Mount Sinai, tbe supernatural supply of f6odi'in;the wilderness, and the arrest of the watersiof Jordan. The purpose was so far effedted ihat whatever else might be ques tioned!: by the, Israelites contemporary with Moses and Joshua, they conld not doubt that some snpernatural Person was taking action iuitheir behalf. .f That, it these events took place, they would liinat the time recorded in history, it is really ridiculous to doubt. As Protessor Ssyoe has pointed out, the generation preceding the Exodns: was a time of singular literary activity in Mesopotania and Syria and Egypt. : To suppose, therefore, that among the chUdren of Israel at that time there woulds be none able to write, or that if there were, . no pains would have been taken to draw up and transmit to succeeding times events of such national importance, is cer tainly, difficult. After the entry into Pales tine there seems to have been a great national decadence, not nnlike, in some respects, that which: took place in France after the death of Oharlemagne. Stormy times f ollowed, . the times , :of: the <. Judges. But daring all this period,' and indeed in all succeeding periods until: at least tbe Maccabean epoch, one law of iDivino' government was more and more brought ito. view, namely, that national trust ihiiGod was always accompanied by national deliverence. ilt is. tiue thatr the bulk of the nation) never learnt this lessen in its true meaning,; but there was always a remnant whoi: A' sought out" the works of the Lord, and'il meditated in His law day and night," and'iwho thus, in successive generations, until the (times of Simeon and Anna, were more and imore entering into the mystery of Hia wiiljiand were at last ready to listen to and obey. the..trampet oall. "iiepent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." ( But, we have not exhausted the account given us .of the Divine preparatives for the Incarnation. I . The introduction of monarchy moat be regarded as coming under this head. It)is: true; as Bishop Weatcott remarks, that ".the. free uncentraiized Government and the movable tabernacle showed by no uncertain symbols the nature of , the kingdom which God . designed for His people." They were not yet. prepared for that kingdom., Their spitiiaal.-blindnesB and weakness required, ' jn>oidei tp give distinctness to the conoep- tipnaof ; the . present morsl sovereignty of G,," that there should be " a more fixed and limited, form of : the .spiritual idea." But the oharacter and spiritual gifts of David, aooord- ipg, tOdths Biblical account, added; a new element, to this tesohing. He was more than aiting.>rHe was botli a king and a prophet (s.iii. 'jSO), land in this respect prepared lera.ei tOrreoeive Him who;in human form was . to., possess bbth these characteristios. And, indeed, it, was clearly revealed to David, at firat/, through Eatban, and afterwards more fniiy to himself, that a king of super-human greatness was to be born in his own family, who would pass through much inward , and ontjrd conflict and snffering to visible and Bp'iritaal. triumphs, making Mis people par takers of the trial and the struggle and the: viotoiy. , Mapyjpther, prophets also were raised up, who unfolded more and more the A moral Boy.erpjgnty of God," and drew out more fully the pictnre of Him who waa to pome, the. snffering and victorious Saviour. "The earthly sovereignty of the line of David fell. The opofen people passed into captivity, and under .the pressure of their national disasters learnt from the teaching of the prophet to see in|;.eir promised Messiah a Son of Man, who shopld syinpathise with the sufferings of thpso )Whum he came to save as well as to gov.etn." Thus, while in the nation at large many totally erroneous ideas were fioating about, and comparatively few had really im.bid; tjhe lessons that had been given ; yet the)|qwM: the;:" holy' seed,' who oominniuly "waited: upon the Lord," learnt more and more of spiritual truth, received the Divine Word when He came, wore born again to a still higher life, and formed the " stock " of the new Israel. 