YACHTING NOTES. [By Jackyabd.1 The C-class yachts of the Holdfast Bay Club had another spin over ah eight- mile course at Glenelg last Saturday afternoon. The course was marked out as usual by buoys, north, west, and south of the jetty. The competing yachts were—Atalanta, scratch; Cooraka, 3 min. 10 sec.; Zephyr, 5 min. 30 sec.; Sorcerer, 10 min.; and Sunbeam, 12 min. 20 sec. The weather of the afternoon was by no means the best in which to sail a race, but at 3 o'clock, the starting time, there was sufficient wind to move the craft along comfortably, and they got under way for the north buoy #to a fairly good start, the Sunbeam being the last and the Cooraka first, to cross the imaginary line. Spinnakers were used in the run by all except the Sunbeam, which was carrying a fair sized gafftopsail. She was soon on equal terms with the Sorcerer, while the Ataianta gained on the Zephyr, which was just a little to windward of the leading yacht, Cooraka. A few seconds intervened between each yacht, as they rounded up past the buoy in the following order :— Cooraka, Zephyr, Ataianta, Sun beam, and Sorcerer. To pass the westward mark on the Port side was the next consideration, and to accomplish this the Zephyr, Sorcerer, and Sunbeam made a moderately long tack to sea, then another in to the jetty, where they all ! went about, and standing out again ! were able to make the flag. The ! Ataianta and Cooraka skippers evi" dently knewr something better than this, for they kept on the seaward tack from the north buoy, until they were able to go about and wpather the western mark. Mr. Bruce got round the buoy, a bout 5 minutes ahead of the Cooraka, which was in turn 6 minutes in advance of the Rear Commodore's yacht. Between the north and west buoys the Cooraka was sailed too close to the wind to give her any show of keeping pace with the Atalanta, which was at all events kept pretty full. To show that Mr. Crosby's craft was not slower than the Atalanta in Saturday's wind, on each occasion that the yachts were leading to the south buoy the Cooraka gained on the Atalanta; Eventually the west buoy was rounded by the Sunbeam and Sorcerer, by this time right out of the race, but plugging along pluckily. The quintet jibed round the south ward buoy, aud all except the Sun beam set spinnakers in the run to complete the first round of the course. The Atalanta passed the jetty first about 4J minutes ahead of the Cooraka, which was 4 min. 10 sec. ahead of the Zephyr, 8 minutes in advance of the Sunbeam, and about 23 minutes before the Sorcerer, which shortly after passing the jetty gave up the ghost, or chase, and returned to her moorings. The north mark was rounded with out any apparent change* in the boats' positions, and as the wind came in a trifle nearer from the west the com petitors experienced a little more diffi culty in getting to the western flag. The Cooraka, close sailed, and the Atalanta, which still had a nice lead, stood out, then in, and out again, being then able to weather the buoy, the Zephyr passing it 9 minutes after the Atalanta, and nearly 4 minutes in advance of the Sunbeam. By the time all the boats had negotiated this buoy a very strong south-westerly breeze came whistling in from behind a dirty sky in the south-western horizon. The Sunbeam was the first to shorten sail, her crew lowering i ! ' away their topsail, the Zephyr party following suit shortly after. One of the Atalanta's kites, the flying-jib, had to kiss the deck before this craft felt at ease, and even with this de crease of canvas Mr. Bruce found he had as .much on the halyards as he could stagger under. The crew were all hanging up to windward, with, it is said, one man squatting on the keel. The Cooraka was similarly situated, while the Zephyr "Wd Sun beam buzzed along merrily. In rounding the southward buoy the fun of the afternoon was' pro vided, as each packet had to jibe, and in the fresh breeze, with calico all on, the Atalanta and Cooraka had an exciting time, both finding it neces sary to shoot up in order to right themselves. The Zephyr had a little difficulty in coming off the wind before the jibe, the peak having been lowered away. The Sunbeam also got round without mishap, and the competing quartet danced home without the aid of spinnakers. The Atalanta passed the winning line 4 min. 45 sec. ahead of the Oooraka, which was 5 min. 40 sec. before the Zephyr, and 12 min. 10 sec. in advance of the Sunbeam. Time allowances do not affect the Atalanta and Cooraka's positions, but by her handicap the Sunbeam goes up into third position by 20 seconds. After the race the Zephyr had an escape from banging herself into the other yachts and causing much damage to both. The whole trouble was in consequence of a line with which she was made fast to her moorings parting. A line was promptly run on to the Carriena's moorings, thus saving furthur trouble. The only result of the mishap was that she awarded the Atalanta a couple of thumps. Had the line not been handy at the time the " might have beens " are—-Drifted on to the jetty, and after bumping away at it for half an hour, knocked the structure down, then gone on to the baths and cleared a way through the piles, then banged into the Pata walonga dam creek, demolishing the remainder of the sheet piling, and finally landed up in Mr. W. Kemp's yard in a beautiful collection of pieces. What a nice thing a line is to save all this excitement and trouble. Vice-Commodore Luxmoore had a spin to the Port river last Saturday in the Winfreda, returning to his moorings on Sunday evening. The Carriena fetched up at Glenelg on Monday evening after a cruise of a little over a fortnight. I understand very good fun was obtained by Mr. Boucaut and his party. Commodore Munton in the Alfreda was in their company for two or three days while down below. A length class race is down on the programme of the Royal South Australian Yacht Squadron for to-morrow afternoon, but at present I cannot see who are likely to start. The race is limited to boats not exceeding 18 feet overall. The Nyricha, commonly known as the " White Elephant," is up on the slip, while Phantom & Co. have not been heard of this year, so that there will possibly be no race. There was quite a number of craft out on the river on Saturday and Sunday, amongst whom were noticed— Alexa, Kathleen, Maggie, Nyroca, Miranda, Ada, Solace, and Beatrice. I understand the Pastime made another trip across the Gulf, while the Idler returned to Port on Saturday afternoon after a fortnight's cruise. 