DT " FOBnIS." The Fern-ide scored distinctly at the Mel bourne Club's races. The two champion ships and the team iace constitute sufmicient grounds to warrant them being dubbed the premier racing club.' Don Walker's splendid finish in the mile ar.d a half first c'ae, proves thit they podsese the finest Eprinter. eye, Wdwannrd 'cr iaslly was an old Fernsidry; rI c remain ee hlr " racing in the firstintei.club fifty miles road race, some years ago, with EB.W. Nason and old Broadie as representatives of the Ferneide. Tothe latter, Woodward owes much of his preeent form, for.the two.of them have been working together on the Brunswick track for weeks past He 'has evidently-profited by his schoolicg. . . There must rairty be something different in the system of handicapping. The bark mark men, in some cases, haven't the ghost of a chance to catch the field, while perhaps, hiild they be so successful as to do that, they haven't enough left .to carry them through, \VWith a view" of improving these Ihings, I would sauggest the introduotion of "class" races, something of.the American style, such as a 3 minute class, a 2.50 class, a 2.30 class, &a.; Failing this, I would further suggest the division of handicap races differently. For instance, if there were 45 entrants, ltt them start Nos. 1 to 15 in one heat, Nos. 1l to 30 in another, and Nos. 31 to 45 in a third, all starting from their respec tive marks in thensual way. tBy tbis method thlre would.be a better division of the con testants fcr the final heat, and a much better race would result.-. You would ie surprised, Mr. Editor, it you knew 'how many cyclists there are who do not, seemingly, care about Epending a penny to pnrchass, the Cyclist, Unt would rather walk half a mile to the club, or wait two or three days until they went to town before they saw it. WIhy, for one-and-eightpence per quarter they would have it brought to thsir doorsl Surely they can't knew this ! Sliil,'they should understand that it is to their intrest' to support it, and if they don't think' it worth a penny, let them give their hid and influence to make it o, and not think "what good is it to me?" but rather, ' what good can I do it? " The Fitzroy Road Rasc will be held on January 13thb, 1894, from corner of Victoria Parade and Brunswick Street to Keilor and back. Di tsre stout twenty-two miles. Mr. II6ltz is on the look out for a carpenter to makl:e eomen1terlios at the Cyolists' Club A yclist will gain preference, and ctrtvappEnoi wi s eilitreu berehr, 