BEAUTIFUL TASMRNIH ITS LAKES AND LOCHS. No. 3. The old man, however, having given Rackett this assurance relapsed into a grim and stolid silence, only betraying by an occasional furtive glance from under his beetle brows that he heard or noted anything that was said around him. We got through the evening in the manner usual to men in our circumstances; that is to say, we smoked and yarned, and ulti mately turned in and slept till morning ; turning out at the peep of .day and plung ing into the waters of the lake like so many schoolboys. The strong bracing morning air was like champagne, and after our plunge we all set off to Conbtable Hurley's place, distant perhaps three- quarters of a mile. I began climbing the rocky ascent known as The Old Man's Head. We got to the top with much scrambling and laughter,and then levelled our field glasses at the lake. The day was perfectly calm, not a breath of wind stirring, and the morning sunshine swept the motion. less surface of the waters with its fire, and drove the white mists routed and blushing at the sun god's kiss before it, up the slopes of the environing hills and away into cloudland and evane scence and invisibility, Capes, headlands, and promontoriesto the north and east, all showed out in stately array ; in many hued magnificence which toned down into somewhat soberer colouring as the day advanced. No sign of life was visible on the surface of the water, nor for the matter of that elsewhere, save at the cottage be low us, where one or two men were moving about. Directly before us as we gazed across the lake was a gaunt expanse of dull white, where erstwhile had been a living forest; where now was but a collection, of .gnarled and blasted trunks on which the erubescent glow of early morn still lingered. ' A most weird and impressive scene beautiful and full of an inflnite suggestive ness,' said Cragg. , A shamefully unimproved locality : no hotels, no steam launches, no electric bells, no French cooks, no anything,' said Sharpe. 'Its true,' he continued, ' that we have our hunting lodges and our 'ancient chef, but here should be a palace hotel connected by rail and telegraph with, all parts of the island; here to should be-' Breakfast,' roared Rackett, 'I shall perish of hunger if we stop here much lon ger. Thus reminded, we realised that we were all intensely hungry, and straight way descended to the lake shore and returned to camp. And the breakfast we consumed was marvellous t- behold. Cragg went so far as to say that it was dis gusting. Then we discussed the programme for the day; and all agreeing that the beastly fineness of the weather shut off all hope of successful fishing in the lake, we at ledngch decided to split into two parties, Rackett and Sharps takingJto the Shannon for fly flshihg, whilst Cragg and myself went away on a shooting expedition. We all trudged down to the bridge over the Shannon together, and there Cragg and 1 left Rackett and Sharpe to their own de vices. Cragg continuing down the stream, whilst 1 turned to the left; and skirted the ridge of the marsh known as Beckett's Lagoon, until I arrived at a point where it seemed likely that I should get a few ducks. Here I formed an ambuscade of one and waited in patience. I had not long to wait. When I had been about ten minutes in cover, the report in quick suc cession of both Cragg's barrels put me on the qui vive, and almost immediately after wards a splendidolot of black and chesnut breasted ducks, flow across from his direc-. tion and settled within easy range. I gave them both barrels, and 15 birds remained behind for the bag, whilst the remainder winged an impetuous flight towards the Five Mile Marsh, -and we saw them no more. Cragg rejoined me near the bridge with nine fine birds, and we shouldered our spoil and trudged back to camp; after. wards visiting the western shore of Swan Bay, where we managed to secure five brace more of splendid black ducks, weigh ing between three and four pounds each : after which, becoming intolerably hungry we returned to camp for lanch. Rackett and Sharpe were there before us and were lunching rabidly, and we came without delay to their assistance. The spread before us was simple and abundant, but both fish and game were excellent in quality and the merits of the coocking were undeniable. We astonished ourselves by our performances as trenchermen,and if the ghost of a saturnine smile flickering on the face of the white-aproned old man standing by the fire were truly indicative, we also pleased the cook. ' Now you fellows,' said Cragg, when the meal was at length ended and pipes were lit, 'give an account of your morning's work.' 'Very well,' answered Sharpe, 'as you know already we had given the lake best for the morning, and after you left us at the bridge we pushed on down the river for about a mile and started fly-fishing. After about half an hour I managed to hook a beauty with the Black Palmer. He gave us some capital sport?-rbig fish-strong as a house-a ten ponnder. You'll see him round the' corner on a bench with the rest.' ' Ahd immediately afterwards,' cut in Rdckett excitedly, 'I hooked a wopper, Sharpe's fish Was a baby to it.' Sharpe winked, and Cragg catching on said, ' And how many pounds did your fish go?' Go,' answered Rackett disgustedly,' he went the whole hog :-down the river with half my line. I was. using a Wickhams fancy too. I piched up four very decent fish after, though,they averaged six pounds each.' Then Sharpe resumed :-And I managed to secure half a dozen, ranging from three to eight pounds each, in addition to the first big one. Come and look at,em.' We went, and there on a rough table or bench outside the hut were the eleven scaly beauties, weighing in all 77 pounds, and alongside, on the ground, were the 34 fat ducks that had fallen to Cragg's gun and my own. It was a 'very fair morning's work. Then we heard a faint distant murmur like the wail of a lost soul in some distant region of torture, and turning our gaze westwards, we behold the storm come down. Away at the far side of the lake, low down a small black bank of cloud gathered near the horizon and grew apace. The distant hills became obscured in the mist of swift falling rain. The low wailing of the wind became louder. The great cloud bank assailed the blue vault of heaven until the entire expanse was hidden behind tumbling masses of dirty grey. A ridge of white foam, like the surf that breaks on a bar, marked the march of the storm over the water of the lake. The temperature suddenly sinks some twenty degrees, and wind, rain, and cold suddenly smite us like the combined assault of an implacable enemy, ' By jove thats splendid,' said Rackett, ' we must go and fish in the lake.' And they straight way went, Sharpe and he; •whilast Cragg and myself sat by the fire and attempted two draw the cook into con versation, and later in the day when the weather moderated a bit, we went out again and tried the southern shore of Swan Bay and the Beehive, but met with very little success, only securing to more brace. Rackett and Sharpe had not returned when we got., back ; in fact we had passed them in the lake, together with three other fellows who were stopping at Hurley's, and it was getting dusk when they returned, bringing with them five fish, one of which weighed 17 pounds. We called upon them for an account, and they gave it. during supper. ' We went,' said Rackett, 'towards Swan Bay. I was using a Devon bait, but Sharpe preferred natural bait. After fishing for about 20 minutes, I ran a fine fish that gave us some splendid play. Sharpe gaffed him. That. chap was a ten and a half pounder. Well, after that we fished half way round the bay for nothing. Then Sharpemanaged to got hold of a fine female fish, a 12-pounder that was, and then I pichbed up a beauty almost at my feet; gave us some splendid play, active fslah he was; too much for me, I muffed him in the gaff and lost him. Then I hooked another almost immediately afterrwards-a boomer -completely stripped my flight of hooks and got away. I was renewing the flight when Sharpe sang out, and I saw a beauti ful fish jumping out of the water, and fully fifty yards of Sharpe's line out. Of course I flung the new flight to the deuce until this fish was landed. He was a male fish in fine conkition, and he weighed seventeen pounds. We caught one each after that, but the fellows stopping at Hurleys seemed to be having better sport even than our selves.' 'What on earth shall we do with teem all ?' asked Cragg. 'Perhaps,' said Sharpe, 'we can get someone to smoke and dry them; its rather a pity that the fruits of our sport should be wasted,or any part of it.' 'I'll smoke ther bloomin fish for yer, gents,' said our cook, ' if yer'll only sling us summat for me trouble; a feller wants 'er drcp'er:summat short when he's smokin' fish,' added he reflectively, after a pause, 'jest taer keep ther smoke outen yer throat.' We had just settled this little detail to the old man's satisfaction, when the fellows from Hurley's came down fizzing with something good they had to tell. (To be Continued.) 