HEELTAPS. [By Frbelunohkb.I Is the room behind the bar, Where people most do congregate, Ton get the gossip, near or far, Of matters past, and up to date. « The windy affairs of men « Rise like a olond of dnst, ' And are as quiokly laid again.' TAKE AWAY THE WINE CUP. Your intolerant teetotaller will never be a rare animal — not rare enough to be exhibited at the Zoo along with the M.P, who pays for his own dinners and stumps op his own travelling expenses — but I think he ib be coming a bit scarcer. I notice it in the news paper warfare as much as anything, and you get it very markedly— ia that an ortho dox word ? — ia the pen and ink scrimmage between Anthony and Cleopatra — no, I mean Anthony and Nicholson. Those two paladins, champions, sloggen, or whatever you like to call them, have awakened the admiration of the Freelunchers ; they fight fair, there is no hitting below the belt. Although the fight is for the championship of oold water it is a warm one. Now, although I am a Freeluncher and like my bit of a heeltap or somebody's shout, and the hospitable hotel keepers eleven o'clock luncheon ' on the never,' I enter tain a respect for the teetotaller the same as I do for the Salvationist even though he be — to my mind — a section of a faddist. I like his pertinacity if I disapprove of his methods. One of the most useful men in the com munity is your energetic faddist — he freshens up things. Those two incubators (my patent mind) Anthony and Nicholson certainly hatch out ideas for. people to chook-chook over, be they apostles of Boniface or disciples of Father Mathew. TWO ART EXPONENTS. Somebody .was asking me what Lake, the much-advertised manager of the British Art Gallery, was like. Well, I have not the honor of his patronage, but I have seen him; He is a self-contained sort of man, awfully up in art technical, says little, thinks a deuce of a lot, is not effusive, has an eye to business always ; can deliver a chatty lecture on] art and artists he has known, with the pleasant taking tone and manner of a man of the world, a style affected by H, P. Gill, who, with all his Tommy Mooreish love for a lord, is unequalled here for energy, zeal, and capacity for work. , I suppose we never had a better man here for picture hanging and judgment that way than Lake, even as we never had a man better fitted for School of Design organisation than Gill, whose only faults are cynicism and superciliousness, out of which he is fast growing. A smart man ia Lake ; you might think from his insouciant air that he did not care a continental for anything, but il con duit bien sa barque, he can paddle his own canoe. A gentlemanly looking, rather x»eavroru, person, with a alight stoop of. a studious thoughtful man, the alert guarded eye, firm mouth and decided jaw of a man of busineBB. Lske is an organizer all over ; possessed of tact and self-contained. In society he can play the game of small talk with the ease of one accustomed to what are called ' good circles ' (save the mark !) but he never gives himself away. I MET an old fellow yesterday who made the coffin for Colonel Light, and his memory, although his head piece and all the rest of him was 79 years old, proved excellent. He made the casket containing the remains of our honored first surveyor and attended his funeral in Light-square. In that mournful procession were Captains Litchfield, O'Halloran, and Berkeley, Lieutenant Mundy, and Messrs Field, Jacob, Nixon, E. Stephens, D. McLaren, Gilbert, S. Stephens, Wright, McPherson, Woodforde, B. T. Finniss, J. H. Fisher, J. Brown, J. Morphett, C. Mann, Ormesby, Duff, the Revs. Howard, Stow, and Longbottom, and of ' all who could at tend of the little band of colonists,' how many are dead now ? Old Smith could tell you all about the ereotion of that first Gawler pub 'The Old Spot,' built by Scheibner, for he helped in its erection, and he remembers the days of Calton, and Chambers, Bill Lewis, and other worthies Gawlerites who now part the'r hair at the back of the head have mind of. The old fellow's name is Henry Smith, and he came here in 1837, taking work under the first Adelaide'builder-§ (Sam East and R. S. Breeze) who appear in the almanacs of 1840 as builders in Waymouth atreet. I like to meet these old fossils and hear their reminiscences over a butcher of beer. Tom Coward's is a great resort of the old colonists, and the yarns pitched there some times would make your hair curl, especially when Tom has a chuck in about bush days. OLD SMITH relates how at J. Hurtle Fisher's election in old open voting days Dutton was on the balcony and a German hoorayed so much np a tree that he fell off and broke his neck. The crowd 'got excited and raided Fisher's flag, bnt 'young Hurtle jumped on a hone, daehed after them and brought it back in triumph ; although the Irishmen had their shilelaghB up their sleeves and there was a devil of a ruction. I SAY, your cotnpo made the Priestess of Delphi in to the Priestess of Delhi last week. The Lord have mercy upon us and incline our hearts not to swear, as they aay in the Litany, mth variations. THE CHIEF JUSTICE jumped on Saundero, and Saunders being a single taxer does'nt care a hang, but chuckles over the opportunity for another go at the Adulator who, all aaid and done, works like a Trojan— eo the lawyers aay. BEAVPCIS-DOYLE. There does not appear to be muck en couragement for foreign talent here, or rather the fancy of the people is fickle. I hear that the speculation in bringing over those two brilliant musical artists, Signor de Beaupui8 has been a failure financially, but if they had stayed a day or tw« longer it would have been different— people were just waking up to their worth. . JOHNNIES OLD AND YOUNG. I was amused at the procession of male daughters in the ten minutes interval at the last concert. There is a clique of young and old Johnnies, from the semi-bald head to the crude youth, and they make a point of hunting up and endeavoring to mash — Johnny fashion — musical and theatrical visitors of the female persuasion. To see a procession of eight or nine Johnnies, crude and matured, iush np from the front seats and centre of the Town Hall, sheepishly shamble acro3S the vacant apace in front of the platform to disappear behind the red curtain, was quite a treat to the test of the audience. Then came a babble of voices, the men's bass notes and the women's shrill treble all through the interval. One oockey little baldhead came back in a very abort time, be conld not mash so ancoesafally as the other younger and more voluble professional Johinnies, and he looked a little riled. At the Theatre one sees this procession, generally the very same people, anyway most of them, regularly file down behind the scenes between each act. They did not at tempt to mash Mrs. Brough though, she is too dignified for such silly dallying, and took their measure properly. They are very harmless. PROMISCUOUS. Marshal McMahon ia dead — another man who resembled Peterswald, who is like Bismarck, gone. The Rev. G. E. Wheatley hu been raising and classifying ghosts. Good gracious ! A. O. Chambers has been waging war with King Alcohol, and a lot of legislators are fighting the tariff, and the Salvation Army are always engaged against the devil — verily it is nothing out war. Mr. Wheatley's ghosts are political, commercial, and social, and by jove there are enough of them. When Bessie Djyle is playing the violin she puts on an expression of face as stern and rigid as a graven image, but when aha baa finished her piece she breaks into a charming smile, her eyes flash, her lips part, and her pearly teeth flash — then the andienoe applaud, and well they might. 