THE FINANCIAL DEBATE CRITICISMS OF THE GOVERNMENT. Mr McMillan and Mr Garvan Speak. Criticism of the Acting-Treasurer's Speech— The System of Accounts —Income and Expenditure. The debate on the financial statement of the Premier was resumed in Committee of Supply in the Assembly Inst night. Mr. M'Millan snid unfortunately for the cause of good government and economical retrenchment the exposition of the public accounts had very often been an elaborate suppression of facts. Instead of the salient points being put forward intelligibly they had on this occasion a mere statement of accounts, such as the Under-Secretary for Finance and Trade could in half an hour have given them. The House had itself to blame for this state of affairs. He had often urged that the appropriations in an appro priation bill should cease at the end of the particular year in which the bill was passed, If they did not deal with the finances for 1892 in connection with the year 1893 they would be covering up the wrong doings of the most extravagant Government that had existed. The present Government had in 1892 spent £12,000,000, as against £10,500,000 spent in 1891 by the previous Government, on whose alleged extravagance they had traded. They had not been told a single word about the cash account at the bankers. As a result of their peculiar way of keeping accounts, £1,500,000 each year was voted in excess of what the Government were able to expend. By the Appropriation Bill the Government were asking for power to spend in connec tion with 1893 £11, 754, 000, being £10, 412,000 and an unexpended balance from 1892. If the Government liked to hurry on works they could in all spend £11,754,000 in the present year, and nobody could say they they had done an illegal act. If the ways and means only showed that £10,000,000 would be spent, whereas about £11,000,000 would be spent, there must be something wrong in the system of book-keep- ing. The hon. member had stated that there was a deficiency of a million and a half in the public accounts, and that he intended to cover that with Treasury bills. He was totally opposed to such a proceed ing, and shonld endeavor to induce the House to prevent such a thing. In coming to the ways and means he was willing to give the Treasurer credit for fairly esti- mating the revenue for 1893 at nine millions, and for 1894 at nearly ten millions. It was fair to assume that they would have that. He believed in retrenchment, but there was a false kind of retrenchment, and if the statement did not allow legiti mately for an expenditure of at least £10,000,000 it was sadly wrong. He found that the estimate on the supplementary esti mates was much too low. Since the Govern ment had been roused by the House and the state of affairs in the country they had done their utmost to reduce expenditure, but at the same time they would see in 9 or 12 months whether it had been judicious retrenchment or not. He would prove later on that this retrenchment, to gether with the ways and means of 1894, was absolutely hollow aud politically dis honest. The Government had shown a bold front in dealing with the situation, and had done their utmost to bring in remedial measures, also they had done their' best to put themselves in harmony and sym pathy with the people of tho country. He wanted to impress now upon hou, members that upon tho proper statement of our pubic accounts the good government of the country depended. Upon the intelligent apprehension of the financial condition of the country depended the credit of the country bofore tho world, and it was a shame and disgrace to the Assembly that tuure uuu uuun so uttiu apprcnension or The real facts of the case. Thoy had allowed themselves to be absolutely hood- . winked. The extravagance had been Hidden, and tho retrenchment had been made known. He then went on to point out that the retrenchment, particularly with regard to tho allowance for roads and bridges, was, in his opinion, absurd. The supplementary estimates for 1894 were wanting, and lie contended that the accounts for 1S94 had been wrongly put before the House. The ac counts had been practically falsified to the extent of £400,000, and when thoy added this amount to tho amount for roads and bridges, which would have to be voted, it would give a difference in the uccounts of at least £709,000. Ho thought ho had proved that it had been his object, not so much to show that this Government had been out in its estimates, but he thought he had proved that the whole Bystem "was so un satisfactory, it gavo so much cover to a Government or a Treasurer to simply by n bald statement of facts which did not declaru the real matter at all that it enabled a Government to pretend to savings and to complete their extravagance in another year. He thought he had made it clear to hon. members that if they wanted to get a clear statement of the accounts of this country every item in the accounts for 1893 and previous years would have to lapse, in order to show what the unexpended balances were. Then they should say that the expenditure for 1894 should not exceed, say, £10,000,000. Mr. Lyne: What will you do with the amount unexpended in regard to works ? Mr. M'Millan did not suppose the hon. membor understood it. (Laughter.) He believed the time was coming when the public works of the country shouid be re moved outside political control altogethor. (Cheers.) He believed there were too many Ministers at present. (Hear, hear.) There would be no difficulty whatever in regard to the matter of the accounts if the same system was fol lowed here as was adopted in New Zealand. There if a work would cost say £15,000, and only half of that amount was expended, it was shown clearly that the amount unexpended was required for the following year. Mr. Lyne : Don't you propose to re-vote anything ? Mr. M'Millan proposed to re-vote all these balances. He referred to the state of the finances when tho present Government took office, and contended that they had saddled the late Administration with delin quencies of which they were not guilty. The late Government had not been extravngant ; on tho contrary, they had lived fairly within their income, but the deficit had been largely increased by the present Ad ministration, who had brought in the policy of protection without the slightest justifica tion. The accounts of the country were treated in a very unfair manner by the present Government. When tho Govern ment found they had unfairly debited his side with £100,000 (refunds to lessees under the Crown Lands Act of 1890) they should have had the manliness to charge it to them selves. Not having done this the Govern ment were guilty of a meanness and an in justice. He contended that during their three years existence the Parkcs Govern ment lived within their legitimate means. Sir George Dibbs: Not for one year. Mr. M'Millan, continuing, said it was very clear that the next election would be fought out on the lines of free-trade and protection. It should be demanded of the Government that they should bring in real protection instead of the wretched policy in the guise of ad valorem duties. It would depend on what fiscal policy was successful what shape the financing would take. The Government had a right to say whether they were protectionists or not. The policy in- troduced by the Government had not assisted a single industry. Mr. O'Sullivan! Oh, yes, it has. Mr. M'Millan said whoever next came into power they must come down with a comprehensive system oi finance, and when surpluses were assured then would bo tho time to create sinking funds. He did object to statements being made of a ridiculously rosy hue, He objected to statements made simply for a purpose, whether that purpose be the English market or tho coming elec tions. It was ridiculous to say that the coiony could cease borrow ing in England just yet till the railway system was further developed. Tho whole history of tho Pacific cable guarantee from its inception, the concealniont of facts from Parliament, the manner in which inquiries hud been answered, constituted a grave charge against the political integrity of this Government. Perhaps he had better, however, amend his words. Sir George Dirhs : You will have to amend a good many mprc of your words. Mr. M'Millan said ha would retract nothing unless it wero disproved. Ho said that in connection with the Pacific cable matter there was a grave charge, of concealment and disingenuousncss, a dis regard of the constitutional position of the House, in tho Government not having sup plied Parliament with information it desired before the country was irre vocably committed to any subsidy. He contended that he had clearly proved that the accounts were not correct, and that the Parliament to assert its rights should demand the lapsing of all votes at the end of this year, and that a straightforward statement should bo given for 1894. The finances should be placed on an intelligent basis, and there should be an elastic system of taxation which would ensure the pros perity of the country for all time. Mr. Garvan said he would endeavor to limit the remarks he had to make in the course of his address, but first of all he might say that he should like to have heard the Acting-Treasurer first in reply to the speech which had just been delivered. The hon. member who had just spoken had stated that if Treasury bills were to be issued they should only be issued for the cash deficiency, but he would ask the hon. member why he did not ask only for authority to issue Treasury bills on the same basis when he got authority to issue Trea sury bills? (Cheers.) It was difficult for the hon. member to contend that a different principle should be adopted now to what was adopted then. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Garvan) was opposed to the principle then, and he was opposed to it now. The Acting- Treasurer told them the other night that it was not the actual amount of the appro priations for the year that he was to be gauged by, but the actual expenditure, and contended that the taxpayers had been saved an expenditure of £1,303,000. He contended, however, that in order to draw that conclusion the hon. membor had stated premises that had no relation to one another at all. They well knew that the appropriations for the year were only a small guide as to what the actual expenditure would be, and it was necessary to take the actual expenditure to find out what the saving had been. The manner in which the Acting-Treasurer had stated it could only result in an illegal and incorrect conclusion being drawn. The ex penditure for 1892, instead of being as stated by the Acting- Treasurer £11,031,000, was £10,543,000. The expenditure for the present year shown by the quarterly abstracts for the three quarters was £7,406,000. For tho same period in 1892 it was £7,809,000, making a difference of £403,000 in actual cash expenditure. The year 1891 was a year in which there was more than tho normal expendi ture, yet the first three quarters of it amounted to £7,343,000, so that he failed to see that there had been any extraordinary economy in that way, and in any way they looked it there was no sum of £1,303,000 to the good this year as compared with last year. For the remain ing quarter of this year he estimated that there would be an expenditure of not less than £2,600,000, thus making the cash expenditure this year £10,000,000, whilst for 1892 the total amount was only £10,543,000. Where, then, was the £1,303,000 saving? It was only brought about by stating two things in relation to one another whieh had no re lation whatever. The revenue for the first quarter of this year was £2,269,000, and the expenditure £2,278,006. For the second quarter the revenue was £2,119,000 and the expenditure £2,809,000. For the third quarter the revenue was £2,400,000 and the expenditure £2,318,000, or a total of receipts for the three quarters of £7,118,000 and an expenditure of £7,406,000, or a difference on the wrong side of £287,000. He then went on to show, taking the depression which had existed in the early part of the year, and the fact that times were improving, that the income for the present month of October would equal at least the income for the corresponding period of last year. He had ascertained from the Treasury that the revenue from October 1 to October 23, 1892, was £597, 000, whilst for the same period this year it was £633,000, or an excess of £36,551. In the face of this fact the income figures quoted on the estimates before the House for the remaining three months of the year were £240,000 less than the same three months of last year. He would undertake to say that the revenue for the remaining quarter this year would not be less than it was for the last three months of last year. If the Acting- Treasnrcr's statement was so inaccu rate, then it disproved his argument with regard to the figures submitted to the House. He contended that the falling off in the receipts with regard to the selling of public lands was not tho result of the Act limiting the right of sale, but because people would not buy the land, so that no virtue could be taken credit for by the Government in that direction. Now the Acting-Trea surer had pointed out that thero would be a deficiency at the end of the year of £1,500,000, and he told the House that they were not going to have it as a perpetual ghost staring them in the face. Well, if it was not going to be a perpetual ghost he contended that it would be a life long and substantial ghost, and no more unsound principle had crept into tho public affairs of this country than the hanging up of deficits. It the deficiency were faced manfully he maintained that it could be wiped off in a couple of years, instead of extending the work of doing so over a period of 30 years, as the Treasurer proposed. For many years it was necessary that we should borrow a million a year in the English money market ; but he argued that it would be the height of absurdity for us to go to the expense of appointing three commissioners to buy up a portion of our loans. In regard to the so-called economy in the Roads aud Bridges Department, he said that it was no economy at all to cut down this vote in the way the Government had done, because the progress of tho country would be re tarded, and that it would be true economy to spend as much money as last year or any preceding year, in order that the means of communication might be kept open. He regarded the question of federation as above any matter of fiscal policy between the colonies, but he was convinced that until the colonies federated this colony should pro tect itself. While he advocated federation, and while he was in favor of protection, he thought that the policy of this country should be that of protection up to the day that federation was brought about. The other colonics had adopted this policy, and he believed that its adoption by New South Wales would hasten the bringing about of federation. He would not hesitate to advo cate his principles so far as protection was concerned in any part of the country. Mr. Reid said he was surprised at the Government not replying to the speech of the hon. member (Mr. M'Millan). Sir George Dibbs: His speech will be re plied to in due time. I intend to reply to it myself after I have read it in Hansard. On the motion of Sir Gcorge Dibbs the debate was then adjourned. 