PUBLISHED DAILY. Ecm:ri Saturday, Jaxuahy 28, 1893. DISEASED CATTLE. I The Uendigo Cattlo Yards appear to lmvo been the rendezvous of some diseased cattle which woro " marked" by n visiting Stock Inspector. The visit does not appear to have agreed with tho Council's Cattle Yivrd inspector, and correspondence on thesubject has sprung up; ■ From ■ hia- correspondence . soma , two or.. throoj ilodiiptions' may tvery fairly bo'drawn. ■ TliO' lirstia Hint, if there were badly disunsod cnttlo oxposecl for j sale in'the market how-- does n't come that; the cattl" yard ' inspector' allowed thorn; tlioro proauniiiig that he is i oompotent to,fulfil tho duty iif dctecliii'g suchi cattloy In tho second placo doos tho stock inspector visit theyarda regularly, or irregularly ?'!lf the latter, what cause [prevents jOiiiiK; gojnjf'-ioftenor ?| In Echuca the weekly cattlo yard saloii are regularly visited by tlio'local inspector, • and any animal* atllicted with diseiuto. aro. thiown out of the yards.' ' It iluis i tieon ' fstafeu jthafc the cattle ahr brought ■ijito ' the;' limidigo cattle yntdH for '>tho • purpose ■> .of ..lu-iiig de stroyed.' I'liis appeivrs to; 'us!:to"''liu a1 itote-i inent:whioji:ean ii|»rfly be .Bulistiintjatedl "!Tt ia hot tllo gbherai;>!V6iistp'in:';'t<)( hand diseased cattlo ainong.othors into public yards whioh'ave! simply •usikl^fbrsalo pnrjiosi's.; This contentioiiis'hll flio nioro iintt'iiabU) if. this cattlo 'have!' t'ravolloil-|! 'lniij^ distiincos, bucaiiBO in suoii a cas^ tt/sivppVlsio the owners-are s paying-i railway.freights 011 'cattlo for the: Bimjjlo plirposo of Glaring \ hum .9l^ughtor^4'^uVi,^uX!n6t/^f^''l9 be thoroughly''''seized "'off the nvhole ' of tho circumotuncog concerning tho introduction of diseased cattlo ilito the BondlgO buttlo jatda, but i£ tile statdnloilt, Contained in ft';leail\ng article in yesterday's Bindigo Independent aro correct, and we lmve no reason to doubt it, tho present arrangements at tho Betidigo yards, concerning tins detectioil of ctisoased cattle, apparently requiro alteration. It certainly would not bo a satisfactory reflec tion for tho average householder to con tomplato tho possibility of codkingaiid bat ing diseased meat. The Government, wo believe, have introduced laws for the regula tion of cattle yards and guarding against tho introduction into consumption of unwholc; Homo food. Ope of their ai,'?rtngoments js the Afljpoihtmont of a stock inspector, and it romains to bo soon if roguliir visitations are" made to the cattle yards by this gentlemani His duties'maj> be multifarious^ but it jls indispensable that he should inspect tho cattle for sale. Doubtless the duty'.might well onough bo performed by the cattle yard inspector liimsolf if lie is thoroughly com petent to do bo. The fact, however, tlmt diseased cattlo woro found in tho yards by a visiting stock inspector, leaves it open to question whether ,tho present, system of detootion is as satisfactory as is desirable, and, in the interests of tho general; con sumer, there should be no doubt .upon an important matter of this kind. It is a well known fact that the inspection ot stock all over the colony is not as satisfactory as'it might bo, not by any fault of the stock in spectors, who aro worked hard to carry out tho duties tlioy have to perform, but in tho parsimony of tho Government in keeping tho ntafT sliorthanded. It is a well" known fact that an important vacancy in tho list'of stock inspectors created some time ago by tho death of one of tho inspect ors has not y ot been lilled, and this service, being short handed lias more to do than it can possibly got through. It is an open secret that tho dairying industry of tho colony is not under as close a supervision as it might be, and what between tuberculosis and pleura, the possibility of tho spread of disoase amongst consumers of milk and dairy produce is groatly increased. Tho incidents at Bendigo apparently shows that the inspection of cattle markets is open to improvement, and oivthe wholethe question is 0110 which might very well be looke i into by tho Ministor in whoso department tho responsibility rests. Lectuke.— Last evening Mr J. H.Thomp son, tho principal of the Hawkesbury, (N.S.W.) College, lectured in tho Moama Sohool of Arts on ensilage and dairying. Our report will appear on Monday. Police Couht.—A man named Richard Williams was charged with insulting behavior by Constablo Turnor yesterhay. . Mr A. j W. H. White, J.P., occupied the bench and discharged accused. Borough Cowncil.—An ordinary meeting of the Borough Council will tako place on [Monday evening next at 7 o'clock ".for tho purpose of transacting ordinary business. Financial Troubles.—According to tho Jkndiijo Advertiser it is rumored that the affairs of a largo financial institution in Mel bourne have reached a crisis and that tho noxt few days will see an important dovelop menf—either a ornsh or the awiorption of tho institution. - J■-"< f '.' . Tub Cunningham TjiorHy.—This after noon, commencing at half-past two o'clock, tho first match of the series for the Cunning ham trophy, for which four clubs have en tered, will be played on the Park Oval bc tween Echuca and Moama. Tho Ecluica team will be chosen from Noble, Mackay, O'Dwyer, O'Neill, Humphris, It ioily, Mil ledge, .lohnson, Lamb, Figgis, Waro, Splatt, Wilson, Tcnbrink, Aspiimll. Ranokus' Pauadh.—Last ovening the K Company Rangors held a moonlight parade. Members, to the number of about 45, fell in at tho Orderly Room and marchcd to Moama to the strains of tho band, under the' con diictorship of Bandmaster Haig. On arrival thoro Captain Swanoll exercised tho Com pany in form of attack movements, .which woro oreditably executed. Liouts. M'Kenzio and Haines were also on parade. A Fiuuhtenei) Honsk—Yesterday morn ing as a waggon and three horses, belonging toMrW. Barker, jun. wore being driven into Stratton's mill yard, one of tho horses, a young one, got frightened and kicked. In doing this, liowover, ho got one of his hind legs over tho swingle-trees and in order to release him the shafts had to bo taken off tho waggon. Luckily tho horse was not injured as far as could be seon. Naukow Escape.—On Thursday evening about 9.30 o'clock a serious tiro was naiTOwly averted at Keir's Duke of Edinburgh hotel.. It appears that a boardor was sitting in his room reading by the light of a candle. He had occasion to go into another room and on returning found tho curtains all ablaze. Calling tho licensee anjl others to his assist ance tho tire was got under, but not. before a deal of damago was done. A Sweeping Asskution.— A cable messago in last evening's Herald states that tho cur rent number of the British Iniestor contuins an article entitled " spendthrift Now South Wales " in which somo sweeping assertions are made. Tho articlo states that at the present rato of progress tho colony will re quire to issue foiir or five million pounds worth of Treasury bills to nieet its < obliga tions, and that though these bills may lio, funded for two years bankruptcy must eventuate. Tho railway policy is described as monstrous for the limited population,' and a very gloomy pioture of tho colony's .financial outlook is drawn, tho doubt being expressed of tho colony's ability to iind oven tho minimum interest of three millions it is annually called on to pay. A Peculiak Accident. — Mr Arthur Roberts, of Messrs Roberts and Sons, iron 'founders, had an experience of a most un ploasant kind on Thursday savs the Readiijo ■lAdvertiser. Ho was walking in Mitchell . street and placed his foot upon, a small 'cartridge, which exploded. The ball toroa small gutter in tho pathway and left an im pression upon the solo of Mr Robert's boot. The presence of the cartridge upon the foot path is unexplained, but it must bo apparent, that such an occurrence as th it described is ■fraught with considerable danger to foot passengers. ■ !- - : ! et A'Rkmap.kaulk Law Skit. —Tho London correspondent of the Argus states that an action is now proceeding in the law courts which is exciting great public interest. iTho ijlHiutills inLvIilr' ArjioUl; l\lj)rjey, M.P.i tho I'o.Htmaster-fieiieral, and Mr Samuel ftlorley, aiuMhe defendants, two.of whom,are named lioiighnau and n third'Slee'inan, nft&honibers; of a section of t.lip ■ religious . community!: known-- lis .■> the Plymouth : Brethren. • !Tho plaintiffs seek to recover a sum of £140,01)0, Which they iilloge was obtained by thj) de fendants from the late Sir II. H. Morley by mcaiis /of undue influence, t'.e amount in question' being given to them by the de ceased. One of the Loughnans, who was formerly a clergyman of tho Church of Eng land, has admitted having received £iif),000 from the late Mr Morley. Ho says thtit ho bought an estato for himself, '-gave two of his brothers an interest in a sunVt>f £10)000, and invested tho balance for tho purpostrof' promoting the work of tho Plymouth Brethren. Moa»U i^fcioB Court.—At this court 'y^^i^y>rtoifflhg,/befori. Messrs J.-Ma Chanter'; arid, G; Hodmnn'j'J's. P'fy a' iawket'ii lipenso was glinted to a man named/King.::f OtAUdHToN's BoiuAQa'Dowjf.—;jShothpr largo dtirisignnleiit o£ Blieoji lirriVedrttMoariia yesterday from lioniiiquin, by rail,: consist ing of 2,628 mixed sheep. Sheep .SHKAitiNn Machine.—Thoro will bo on \dow, at work,, to-day, at Shackell,i White and Co.'s yard,;, a .now and improved! shcop shearing machine, specially suitftblo for farmers.. ', Destruction of Quail.—.The Police Gazette notifies: "It 1ms boon "stated-that great destruction:'of ijuailIs cauaod during tho closj jgpvsoniby illegal phootiiig oh the part of persons Vvh'o'aro said to'dilruwliving by killingIheso liirds; Avliich are sold privately in Melbourne., Tho pplicp are hereby^in structed to exercise tlio utmost vigilahdjjwitli a view to ) the .detection anc| conviction, of offenders in'ithis respect;against tiie Garije tftW4 ■ The f EoVPHAN J>iFPioci,Ty.T-Mr; W. Warron, tho Australian representative of tlio Eastern Extension Telegraph Company,. re ceived a telegram last night from tho^head office of the ,comjjany-in London1 as follows : Suez reports that our Alexandria!; telfc;. graph lines havo beqii broken down' neai Alexandria. Tho Egyptian lilies are /m" the1 Bame state. The cause is nt present un known." ,Mr Warren conjectures that com munication has been interrupted, as stated, . on ooooutii of aomo i31at.ury>vrtCG arising oiit of the presont complication' in Egypt; : U,o .: explains that his company, in; addition to having lines between1 Alexandria and Cairo, which have been cut, has also aj'fcabls from Alexandria to l'ort Said, and a: land lino thonco to Suez. If communieatidn by this route is kept open there will , bo''very little inconvenience caused ,by; ,tho sov^ranco"on the Aloxandrja-Cairo'lina ;,;but.evbn if traffic' through Egypt is altogether stopped, busi ness can be conducted by three other routes —namely, the Indo-European, .Turkish, arid Russian, tho latter of which' connects with China. Tho most that can happen, as far an Australian and English messages aro con cerned, will be some delay in transferring messages, which In tho ordinary coarse would bo r.ent via- Alexandria, to Gio of the othor roukes. The cable grams in last night's. Herald, stato tlijat matters aro quiet in 'Cairo and Alexandria, and that pacific assurances have been ma|lo by Lord Dufforin, tho British Ambassador, regarding England's intentions, to tlio French Government. Tho French Ambas sador in London has beon instructed to akk Lord Itosobery for tho specifio incidents which' occasioned tho reinforcements |of British troops in Egypt. Lujr telegrams stato that tho French Government is not, satisfied with tho action of the. British jin Egypt, and has opened iip commun cations with Turkey upon the subject of Egyptian affairs and England's action thereon. The position is evidently growing more critical.' Shackell, White and Co, bog to draw at-, tontion to tho following approaohing saleB : —To-day, at 12.30 p.m., they will offer a brick cottage and land, Campaspo West. On tho 4th Fobriiary, Stahini'sfarm, S70a. Tuesday,' 7th February, clearing sale account Mr Quado, Simpson's Punt. Thursday, 9th February, monster clearing sale of land and stock (in conjunction with Murray Elver Co.), account Mr Froivd. 'Saturday, lltli February; sale of'Mr Roe's farm, Tongala. Tuesday, 14th February, sale (in conjunc tion with Murray River Co.), of Mr Doolan's farm. ICyabram. Monday, 13th February, (in conjunction with- •Kllpatrick and'Co.), clearing saloofland and -'ock, account Mr Delnney, Barmah. Tuesday, 21st February clearing sale account Mr Enders, Wamboota. Thursday, 23rd February, at Town Hall, Echuca (in conjunction with Wm. Hudson and Co), snbdivisional. sale of the Whar parilla ostato. For fuller particulars see advertisements. ! It will bo seon by our, advertising columns that'Mr J. M. FlaiiagSn, head teachor, St, ICiliiin's School. Bendigo, lias taken the Echuca Grammar School, lately presided over by Mr Angwin. Mr Flanagan has joc cupicd tlio position of assistant professor at Marlborough College, Dublin ; Clongowe's Wood Collsgo, Dublin ; first assistant at |St. Ignatius' College, Syduoy ; Holy Ghost Collego, Ballarat; and at present head teacher, St. Kilian's School, Bendigo. j Mr W. W. Criddle announcos in our jad vortising columns that ho will shortly open a privato school for boys and girls. Mr Cricldle, who is an ox-student of Victoria University, Manchester, holds certificates of teachers' exams, passed undor Governments of Cape «if Goo i Hope and New Zealand, and also holds testimonials from tho Inspector of Schools, Dunedin, and from the Principals of the Kew High School, King's Collego, Fitzroy, and CaulficM Grammar School. j Mr Maekay intimates that ho holds Matriculation, Public Servico and other examinations at tho State School. Evening classes on Mondays at half-past seven, j ■- ■n Tho Murray Itivor Stock Company [will sell sevoral town allotments at their yards" to-day. ;; j The Borough Council call for tenders for the formation of Annesloy-stroot. Tenders aro callcd for tho orection of a brick house at Rochester West. j Painless Dkstistuy.—Mr W. Ball, F.M.R.S., Surgeon Dentist (late Collins- street, Melbourne) has commenced practice at Ecliuca. Artificial teeth fitted on gold vulcanite. 'L'ceth stopped ; discolored teeth scaled;; phil* (Iron's regulated. Mr Ball visits Kyubram and Boehester regularly. Hours 9 till 5. ftur geryl at Millewa Chambers High-street, Kcimea Uuti further notice, Mr W. Ball wili ho out o[ town every Thursday and Friday. i 