ADIIDrgDi lty aDIIE. JIOLLIG DLIP'. On Friday ovening Dr. Hollis, member for Goulburn, addreosed his constituents in the Academy of Muosio. There was a very large attoedaonce the floor of the hall was crowded, and the gallery, which was reserved for ladies, was halt fall. On the platform wore seated about a dozen prominent membors of the Goulburn branch of the Labour Eleatoral Loeague. The mayor was announocd to pro. side, but tn important business engagement had unoxpootndly called him to Sydney add he sent an apology for his absooco. The chair was taken by. Mr. T. A. Wilkie. The ehairman said it was unnecossary for him to sy' anythlag to a Goulburn audienooe to obtain a favourable hearing for Dr. Hollio. That gentlemat had come before them somo two yvars ago an untried man, and the aloatore had placed him at the head of the poll with a substantial majority. Daring the period ho had faithfully fulfilled overy pledge he had given them, and be had noacted on eveary ocoosion in an upright and manly opirit, and had never done anything derogatory to the electors of Goal. burn. (Oheore.) Ho had no doubt that when the time came for Dr. Hollie to appeal again for their soffragea, he would meet with the aome hearty.aupport he had received on the first occooasion, and that the electors would again placo him at the head of the poll. (Cheers.) Ho called un Dr. dollin:to address the mooting. Dr. Hollis, who ea hoeartily reolived, began by expressing the pleasure it was to him to hano ladies ab well as gentlemen to address. The attendance of so many lhdies that evening was an oevideooooce that it was beginning to be Anderstood that our national life did not merely oonoist of tbd consideration of poonds, ohillinge, ad poooa,'bot tha it ahad onlo. a social and moral oide. It had given him mach pleasure to learn from the neowsppaers that New Zeaooland had lately extended the ooffrage to women. (Choors.) He oasked hie audienoo to east bhiak their recolloctionsoto 1891, whoen the last general'election took place. At the time of a general election a largo amount of ooitemoent and interest alwayo exist, but the election in 1891 excelled any previouo election in oxoitomen't and in toreet. The great question of federation with a draft scobeme prepared for the union of the varioos colonies ano one community, the pro. poeal to introduce local government, and other qnestions of equal importance were be fore the people and caused mch intereot and excitoment. But all those great quostions were overohadowad by the appearance of a now party. Thirty.six men wore returned on a new platform; thirty of whom woro'alto. gather now to politicos. These thirty.oix mem bhrs represented on'the whole 70,000 electors, more votere than the protootionist party of that day did; and it it had not beon that thu elecotions wore nnexpoctodly oprung on the people he believed the party would have been oven otronger than it wan. The calling of thin party into exitoence was the result of the great mistrust entertained for the old political partic. In the platform put forth by the Labour Electoral League there were very few now ideas; most of them had boon advocated by one or other of'tho old parties; but ex perioance had taught the elertora to mistrust politiolano who advocated principloo merely to obtain the credit refleotod by them. There worn many who indulged the vain hope that the members of the new party would become merged in tho ronkh of one or other of the two old political parties, and come old and re epoctabla but dull journals want.to make people believe there is no room for a third party; but they forget that a dissatisfied and dutraged people will form themselves into as many parties as are requisite to obtain redress of their grievances. This was the only con atitational way to obtain redress. Those persons who weore hoping for a return to the old state of parties by the disappearance of the third party wore indulging in a dolaeive and vain hope, bocause there never existed a large party in politics without leaving its mark on the history of the coountry; and though the olectors of Now Sooth Waloo may not be eatisfied with the labours of the prveent parliament, still they are not prepared to go back to the old state of things and to the old political leadors. It was little wonder that the people were dissatisfied with the action of the old leaders. In the past they had had a ntimber of parliaments under the leader. ship of Sir H. Parkes; Sir John Robertson, Sir A. Stuart; and that grand apostate, Sir George Richard Dibbs, ox-republican and now K.CO.i.G. and champion of the Notional Aessooiation, elected on the priociple that members wore required to obtain their pay, wherever, whenever, abd however they could. His hearers were not to run away with the idea that these members were not paid, be canse it was not do'. One of the members of those parliamente had openly admitted in the house that he had had to accept bribery in order to live. The legislation obtained from these parlinltents was what might be expeoted -a large national debt built up, the publio estates quandered, and borrowed money from London frittered away in. making roads and railways to conneact the frmer with a market. The people through whoso lands the govern ment made those roade and railways, and into whose pockets this borrowed money found its way, smiled and praised those gentlemen who legiclatod for the country for the honour of the thing and the pickings. (0heore.) Early in 1891 the national oredit in London was worn threadbare, and that heoaven.born financior, Mr. William Mfeillan, attempted to borrow money in Sydney. (Laughter.) They might well lough' at such a.procedure, when viewed in the'light of recent evonto-the government coming for word to back the bills of the banking ineti tutione of the country; but oven Mr. Mo Millan did not Boosem to understand that the banks were dependent on the power of the government to borrow money in London to be epent bore, and the effort failed. Mr. foMillan then, instead of facing the difficulty, retired, and was followed shortly aftorwards by Sir Henry Parkeo, who took advantage of an imaginary vote of want of confidence to rid himself of the difioultieo curroundiong the financial eondition of the country. Heo resigned and left the ship of state to Dibbs and destrao tion. (Laughter.) At the and of 1891 the na. tional debt was £61,000,000, with a defieit of £200,000, and a falling revenue. There wore alienated of the land of the colony 42,000,000 anore, and of thin amount 21,000,000 aorea were'hold by 677 persons. Noearly half the Spopulation was in theo oities of the colony. With each at indatrcious cowing of whirl. winds it was no wonder the colony had reaped ever sinoa tempeats in the form of deproesionlo The "Dibbs blight begoti in .1891, and it came, in with inluonta and proteotion. (Laughter.) HRo dcsired to say somethink.ahboPtt :protection,:'beecoaue oame ?.the fioodlx withlwhom ?bvtias onitod had left their party and had joined them eolvie to Sir Goerge Dibbs, Hio audience would no doubt remember what they were proniseod with the introduction of protection -a kind of new Jerusaolem in the busy ooseason. (Laoghter.) Mr. See, epeakiog in the haaee 'a 1891, oaid with protootion he would, ho hae lioved by 1890, pay all expenseo of governieg the country, and hkee a balnaoe over to olcar away the defiit of £200,000; hot by tba ead of 18902 thb deficit bhad doubled itself, and during part of 1898 it was estimated that the aeountry was faling boebind at the rate of £20,000 per aweek in the revenue. It had boeon found neaoseary to act Iu an heroin manner by rcetrnebing and catting down the salaries of the oivil sorvuats; and he (Dr. Hellse) notwithetanding thin retrenchment be. liewed that ot the ned of the year it woeld appear that the deficit had inoreasedto half a million. (A voice: "I would like to hoave it.") That goentloman could have the dufeit and toke it away with him. Thn tariff wao a doublo.hoaded affair. It wes described as going to raise reveanued on imported goode and still ieep them fteom comicg late the couonry. Mdr. See said ho had obseered jobilation at the prospeoat of ouch a tariff beiog introduced. Where weat tit jubilation no0? Ho htd further eald he cirioly believed that with this polioy he pop le ottild coarn more money ned he botter off, that they eoold haoe tbh riging of hammers, and plenty of work. Yee, thIe risltu of nutloneere' hammers oellieg off banukrupt otocko. Mr. See weont on to say the former would got a better prioe for his bay and would thus be able to pay the storekleeper, who in turn would be able to pay the merahant. What wec the real lstate of thiegos Hay waos bringiog £2 10/- per ton, nad where were the forme renhiog to pay the storekeepara; and oas for tbo morehants they had the ioetaneon ol Goldrbrough, Mort, and Go., !-aontlcero, Joseph cnd Co., and others yet to fylloe. Mr. eas ooaertod that the govcerneot would leave bhhindthema r?teord cngraven on the hearts of the people of this country: (A voice: " True enough.") They would have snvils ringiog, furnacesoo omoking, and all the rest of it. But where are those bleeningo, the result of protection? and whore, oh where are the protectionist orators who promised them? There were very few who would attempt to say that the proteootive tariff of the government was the thing to bring about prosperity. Thero was come thing wrong about it, and they would not own it. They looked on it as an unfortunate, born outside the wedlock of true protection. (Laughter.) They won't father it; but they were quite pleased at its birth, and were all present at its christening. It was to bring joy and bleosiog, but it has never thrived perhaps the result of its being born during the influenza opidemic-and it has never boon able to walk, but has gone howling along until it will be pat out of its misery by the electors at the next general election. (Cheers.) But the question is who will hold the baby at the coxt election ? (Laughter.) Sir GeorgeDibbs left it in Sydney when he wont to Penrith, and this made Mr. Traill very indignant, because he was not going to hold the baby to allow Sir George Dibbs to go round flirting with the National Association. (Cheers.) Mr. Rose, a recognised proteotionist, will not father it, thinking he has a more promising child in a national bank, The felast board of the child was that Dibbs had been knocking at the door of the National Association, and it had agreed to take him and the ahild under its wing and protect them from the angry oleo tore at the next election. Those who had expoeted the tariff to work wonders wore doomed to disappointment, becauso there was nothing now in it, and they had not disoerned that it was merely a continuation of the policy of Sir Henry Parkes. The latter raised through the outomes £2,000,000, Sir George Dlibbs taxed goods to the extent of £2,900,000, -£900,000 was tho only difference between the two policies, merely the difference between tweedlodum and twoedlodee, except that the latter is .n little bit nastier. (Laughter.) The position had been well put by Mr. RBoe at Currawang, when he said some of the enemies of protection were both ignorant and brave enough to lay all the depression at the door of protection. Or oneso was something like that of a man dying from the effeots of drink, and it wao foolish for people to asseort that the last opree alone.killed him. The people had paid for the spree, and those persoos who had had their lanuds improved by the expenditure of borrowed money hadadhadthe spree. Dr. Hollis then wont on to refer to the labour party. (A voice: "It is defunct.") That had to be proved. There was souh a thing as suspended animation, and sometimes the ghost of things supposed to be defunct came back. It was just possible that the ghost of the third party will haunt those gentlemen who desire to see it defunct. (Cheors.) The platform of the labour party was long, and at its head was electoral reform. He claimed that it was through the presence of a third party that the passage of the Electoral Reform Bill was peraisted in. If there had been no labour party the bill might have passed the Assembly, but the Couancil would not have been pressed to consaent to it by its being sent up three times. He said the not was a great gain, inasmuoch as the pro. porty vote had boon abolished, and the cities would have fairer representation than they had before; but in one respect the not would not work well. A sohemo of self registration may do away with impersonation, but it would impose a difficulty on people before they could vote. It required of each eleetor to become the owner of a scrap of paper, which he must preserve and produce at the polling-booth before he could record his vote; and he would warn his audience to see that they obtained this paper and kept it in a secure place, or they would find them soelves debarred from voting when an election takes plane. HBe opposed this provision of the bill when it was before the house, but hbe found himself absolutely alone. A Mining on Private Property Bill and a Coal Mines Regulation Bill were both on the platform of the Labour Eleoloral League. Bills with those objects in view were passed by the Assembly, but both of them were strangled in the upper chamber. The great question of federation was a nsubject on which much interest wasoe felt at the time of the last election, in fact he thought more eo than now; and if it had not been for the presence of a third party in the house, it was just possible a bill federating the colonies in one community might have been placed on the statute.book, which would have drawn the shackles tighter than they are now. The labour party had also boon instrumental in pre venting several boodle schemes being passed, which had been brought forward under the guise of private enterprise to find employment. The opposition to payment of members came from these money-bags, who found it not such an easy task to manipulate a paid par liament for their own benefit as it had boon to manageann unpaid parliament. Heaoirmed that in one sense the granting of £100 a-year to inembers wao no payment at all, because if the electors obtained an able man to serve them it was no great gain to him to give up the whole of his time for £100 a-year. (A voice: " What about Colonel Holborow ?") Some day when he had a little leisure he would try to crack the nut in order to get at the kernel. (Laughter.) If the members were not paid directly they would see that they received payment indirectly by the pick inge to be made out of their position. Ho ventured to say he was not sorry, but rather glad, that a third party had boon formed and that he had allied himself with that party. The only thing he regretted was that the party should have divided on the queation of taxation when there was no need for it. The thirteenth plank of thoirplatform was that taxation should be derived from laud values. (A voice: "Single.-tax.") Ah I that is the bogey.man-single.tax. It was surprising how many persons say they are in 'favour of a tax on land values, but when such a tax is mentioned in.public they raised the bogey of a single-tax. Those were no frioeds or land taxation, but of land monopoly. The first time the question of raising revenue presented itself to the labour party some of them who were eleoted for free-trade constitu. enoies, and had not promised protection, woent over to Sir George Richard Dibbe and assisted him in placing a protective tariff on the statute-book. He believed they now re. gretted that atop; and although he (Dr. Hollie) never wont decrying these man for the part they took, he thought they had committed an error, and regretted they had loot their opportunities, had blasted their political reputation, and had in jured their party. There was another party, the old free-trade party, who woro putting this scheme of taxation on their platform, end he desired to know what the labour eleotoral leagues intended to do. He' for 'one owed no allegiance to any party but that to whioh he had allied himself when he went into the house; and although any other party might advoasto any plank in the platform of his party and he would help them, he onwas not going to be bound in any way by any other party. (Mr. Kingeell: "If youea did you would say good goud-byo to Goulburn.") He would be sorry to have to do that, because he would have to say good bye to Mr. Kingsell. (Leaughtoer.) What was going to be the course of fdture logisla tionl? The conditioh of the colony at the presenot time was not a subject for congratu lation. The government had backed the bills of the banks, bat the time would have to come when these bank-notes would have to be mot. Mr. MhleMillan was no doubt an able financier, nnd he, supported by the Sydney Morning Herald, asked the people of the oolony to reotaurn to the old free-trade in oxisteonoo before the proront tariff came into forooe; but the people wanted to know whore he obtained his confidence. What then, was to be done? It would bo neoessary to reotify the extravoganee of the past. Honey had been spent too freely, and how wae it going to be repaid? We should Snd out who had bohe filed by this expenditure, and then equoeze them. (Lughter.) It is the owners of lanud who have beunfited by the tanish olpouds tare. Although the value of the land had depreciated from what it woe a few yoears ago, wheu the laud boom canused it to have a fli titious value, it had still doubled itself in value within the paet twenty years. Hir. Coghlan has ' publinebud olotestieos showing Sydooy to be the third city in the British empire no far nas land values are concerned. This value has been ncaused by anu artifieial precuse, the borrowing of money in London and the speoding of it in Syduey, and the people have to pay the intortest. It wans only fair that those whoie had bhenfiled by the expenditure of this money should be called on to pay a tax on the value of their' laud. This proposal of the third prtty hnb been recently taken up in Bydnoy, and has caused a cry of a split in the free trade party. We had some who considered themselves Ire-atraders a couple of years ago, discovering that they were more allied to Sir George Dibbs and protection, and they wero raising a cry of confisecation. Dr. Hollis went on to examine into this cry and pointed out that during last year £2,900,000 had been raised through the custom-house by means of taxes on things used by the people, which reduced the valuo of their earnings by two ponen or threopenco on every shilling. The Sydney Morning Herald and others, who now raise the cry of confisoation on the land-value question, did not raise the same cry when this taxation was imposed. It was wonderful to soe the cooncern exhibited on this question by these persons for the selector and small artisan who owns a email town lot. The doetor then explained how that an artisan with a family of eight pays in the form of eastom duties £5 8/- peryearon eight artiolos essential to their comfort, whereas the same artisan if be owned a small town lot of the value of £200 with a land-.vlue tax of four pence in the pound would pay only £G 6/8 per year. He said a tax of fourpence in the pound on the estimated value of the lands of the colony, £179,000,000, would raise a revenue which would admit of the abolition of all forms of taxation on industry. Buat what about those artisans who did not own land? and there were thousands of artisans in these times who found it dilionelt enough to obtain the necessaries of life without buying land. Then in the ease of a selector with 240 acres he would with the land-value tax before named pay £6 per year, or £8 a year less than he now pays. Another advantage claimed for a land-value tax was that it was the only kind of taxation which could not be passed on, but was paid direct. Dr. Hollie then portrayed the other aide of the picture by showing that in the electorate of Argyle there are a few men who own estatoes varying from 15,000 to 20,000 nores, some of which come up to the town boundary, and if they could be induced to part with any portion of their estates, they would want from £4 to £6 por acre for it. If the estate wore worth £60,000, a tax of fourpenco in the pound would bring in £1000. This would show them the kind of free-selector the Sydney Morn ing Herald was concerned for. At Waterloo there is an estate behloging to Sir Daniel Cooper worth £00D,000, which would produoe £10,000. He believed the small artisan with a small lot would be perfectly satisfied to pay £0 6/8, if the big artisan had to pay £10.000. The injuetice was that theose men had not been made to pay before; and if such had been the case the people would not have been cooped up in the oities, men would not ho look ing for work, and the banks would not have stopped. Parliamentary life would bave been pure, bonauee there would be no boodle schemes to corrupt the members. The colony wanted a party who would say to the old parties-or the labour electoral lengues if neecessary put this tax on the unimproved values of land. It was useless to talk about reforming the anomalies oftthe tariff, because all tariffs were anomalies. The country did not want a British free-trade tariff or apatented article, but desired free-trade pure and simple. It was useloso to talk about freedom when it does not exist, or about protection whilst the country was not protected from land-sharks. (Oheers.) There was no doubt that political parties were disorganised. The protectioniets were disinclined to follow Sir George Dibbs, and the freeootraders were divided into two parties-the old conservative, hard-ahell free. traders, and the new party who desired to advance with the times. It would be a most venturesome task for any one to predict the future course of polities. That old war-horse, Sir H. Parkee, was trying to form a party of hie own; Mr. G. H. Reid was endeavouring to perform the circus trick of riding two horses at once, the old .freo-trade horne and the now one. Unless he decided which he would stick to he was likely to meet with a fall. Parliament was expected to meet this month, and the first business to be considered would be the re.distribution of seats. It would be the height of folly to have an election under the old,not, becaosoe the parliament, if no elected, would'have to consider the question of the re.distribution of seats, and then there would have to be a fresh election. When the work of re.distribution is completed the parliament will, after it has dealt with financial matters, be dissolved and an election will take place under the new not. It is impossible to conjecture how parties will stand in the new parliament, there has been so mhob reconstruction. (Laughter.) However, he believed the electors would still maintain, an they did in 1891, that they had good reason to be dissatisfied with the old parties, and would follow the advice of Mr. Reid and send in a party who would insist on knowing what those free-traders who pro pose to do away with some of the tariff would put in its plaoe to raise revenue. He believed an income-tax would be one of the sug. gestions, and many thought it a just sort of tax; but he did not agree with that view, because it would be passed on; it was a tax on industry, and would open the door for evasion. The dootor illustrated these points, and maintained that the only equitable mode of taxation was that of land values. He ex plained that he had opposed the Bank Iseue Bill, because he thought it would have a bad effeoot on the credit of the country, and cause outside creditors to claim gold in payment. He expressed regret at the departure of the Paraguay expedition, because the colony could not afford to lose men of that olass with a capital of £60 eachb, and he averred that it was one of the rorst advertisements Aus tralia eover had. In conolosion he thanked the audience for their patient bearing, and said he considered if the land were opened up the colony would enter on a career of prosperity; but if the people continued to fight over the fiscal question, the affairs of the country would still be mismanaged and people would still be left to walk about in search of work. (Cheers.) Dr. Hollis resumed hie seat amidst loud cheers, and the chairman asked if aooene desired to put questions to Dr. Hollis. Some ladies in the gallery throw on to the stage a couple of bunches of violets, and an elector asked Dr. Hollis who had thrown him the flowers ? Dr. Hollie replied: The same person that gave Sir George Dibbs the thousand pounde -a patriotic citizen. (Oheors and laughter.) Mr. Kingnell asked Dr. Hollis, seeing that the Upper House had thrown out no many demooratio reforms passed by the Asseembly, what remedy would he propose to prevent that housoe from doing no at present? Dr. Hollio replied that the question wans a most pertinent one, and he was glad it had been put. There was only one remedy whinl could be applied effeetually under our present codntitution, nnd that was to pack the Upper House. To do thiu would require a strong government, but that it'can he done has been proved in Noew Zealand. An eloetor asked if the present government were in favour of a reform in the Upper Haouso? Dr. Hollis replied that he would be eorry to answer for Bir George Dibbe. 'At Poerith the question of the day with the premier was the abolition of payment of members. Up north he said the quention to be fought out at the next election would be frao.trado versus protection. Another eleotor asked Dr. Hollit if he weore in favour of an elective Upper Hoose ? Dr. Hollis replied that he believed an npper chamber elected on the basis of one mn.onae-vote, although a reflex of the Assembly, would be productive of some good reeultse; but if ouch a house weora oleotod on a property basis it would only etrongthen onseervatism, and he would oppose eaoh a proposal for that reason. (Oheaor.) Mr. Rothlfe asked Dr. Eollin how he would benoefit the artisan ownere of small town lots and selectors by altering the tax through the custom-house to ono on land ? Dr. Hollia replied that he would take off the taxores he in now paying and open up the -ountry for his family obwhen they were grown ap. An elootor asked Dr. Hollio if he wore in favour of eompeneation under a Minfing on Private Property Bill? (Ories of oh I oh I) Dr. Holils said if any person doetroyed a landowoer'e improvemeute whilst mining that landowner shtould be paid compensation for the loss he sustained; but he (Dr. Hollin) was opposed to any royalty being paid. Thu metale and minerals in land never belonged to the buyer, but to the elstate and the people; and it ny royalty were paid it should be to the state for the people. (Ohbees.) ifr. Roblfs askcd Dr. Hollie how he could be .a local optionist wthouat compensation nue be a free-trlader at the same timo? -Dr. Hollie replied Ithat he bed coneidered the moter in thn, li1h1 bet hb nwoo a locl optioniet and a free-trader, and he had nave fonnd th tothings loah togother. An elector ahked Dr. Hollis if he approve of potting wooden logo on one-eyed orteat (Laughter.) Dr. Hallis replied that it the qneetioner meant the old free-trade party by ones.ted horses, he thought it would be a very dfilfelt matter to supply that party with wooden legl Another elector oased Dr. Hollis if he coo. aidered the prasent ministry had carried ont the provioione of the shipping lan in refoerce to the maritime strike ? Dr. Hollio replied that Hr. Soo, the colonial treasurer, did not soom very anxionus to eanry out the powers he woo invented with by the Shipping Ant, but left themor to his s?nordi. nates ; however, no Shipping Act would pat an and to a maritime otrihk en lnag an there were men walking about ready to take the place of the seamen who struck. Anothor eleotor neied Dr. Hollic if he wesr not in favour of members being paid in aoeordance with their attendance at parlia. Dr. Hollis sald he had very little opinion of the member who neglected to attend the sittings of parliament, and he bolieoed the electors ought to deal strongly with ouch memboro; but ho did not approve of payment by attendance, because attendance at the house did not constitute ail the duty of a member. It might occur that a member might be prosent on the first night of an important debate, and be absent on the second night in the country for the purpose of obtaining valuable information to bh placed bolero the honeo when the subject came on again, In thin way a member might be doing more good than il he woere present all three nights. All members hbould be eunuisttot and regular in their attendance, Mr. I. Bushell asked Dr. Hollie if he did not think the Bnak Issue Bill shonld contain a clause to compel shareholders and directors to pay depositors their looses? Dr. Hollit replied: Thait eia oxotly howil would have been it the Bank Iaone Bill had not boon introduced, and he had voted against that bill. Mr. J. Turner moved-" That Dr. Hollie still retains the confideneo of the eleotors of Goulburn." He said he had much pleasure in submitting that resolution becanoo he fell that Dr. Hollis truly represents the dome. eratie olectors of Goulburo. Ho had kept his pledgees; and the unprogroulive tacties of the two old partios led by Sir H. Parkhe and that lightningo.hauging artist, Sir G. R. Dibbs, who had on one occasion said he would make the workman of Sydney eat grass (a voice: " He has nearly done that now "), showed the great need of a third party. Dr. Hollis bad not done anything to show the electors that the confidence they had in him wonee mis. placed, 'and hoe (Mr. Turner) was nura that the electors would again stand by him at the neat election. Mr. A. Mitchell seconded the resolution, and gaid hbe was sre that at the next election previouns opponosto of Dr. Bollia would be found supporting him. The vote of coonfidence was oarried by aeolamation, A vote of thanks was accorded to the chiir. man, and an enthuolnatio meeting olosed with cheers for Dr. Hollis and the chairman. 