A CHRISTMAS RIDE. We sat on the front verandah cool on a Christmas Eve gone by, I The Editor of the Tintoraban Times, the Editor's wife, and 1; ;1 The girls and the boys in the house behind made melody, weird and wild, , "OChristmas carols, Tintaraban style," the Editor said and smiled. T The level rays of the setting sun through the vine.clad trellis came, And touched the white, and the red wtine bright into topaz and ruby flame. A ' Hermitage both, you may take your oath," quoth the Editor, with a grin; 0 "I got them in lieu of subscriptions due from Vigneron Patsy Finn." The Editor's face was brown and lean, and his forehead was scored and.lined, But his dark grey eyes were merry and keen as his wife's were b!nue and kind ; "A tast Il" he cried, and ho bowed to her, "Youl' drink this toast, I know; It's-' A midnight ride with a stolen bride a smre of vears a -.m-'' . They lookedat each other, laughing low, at a jest unknown to me, As happy a pair, as they sat there, as eyes - might wish to see;. " Mary, my pride, shall I tell of that ride 7" a with a dancing eye in his head, The Editor asked of his wife; ahe'lmiled, ."s -and "Yes, if you like," she sail. "In '.ixty-eight, and God bleess ther date," ' the Editor then began, '" I was light and lithe and young and blithe i and cared not for any man; a Ah, those were days 1 There were no grey a hairs dike these you see on my brow, When spur on heel had a homelier feel than pen in the hand has now. B'tt though I was; much tomyself, as sunch, s some weaknesses I must say c I wasn't above, so I fell in love with the t daughters of Morgan Shea; - There were but two, yet I vow to you that i "which of them, Mary or Anne, I wanted to marry I knew no more than the least interested man. Mary was fair, and Anne was dark, and both , were the country's boast, [ Though now (with a wink) that I come to think it was Anne was admired the most ; And both were kind and both inclined to I like me-but chiefly Anne." "Conceit," said his wife, and fondly smiled on the little grey-bearded man. . , "But I was only a printer then, with only a printer's pay, To keep myself and a hungry horse," he .went on to remark, "while they Were daughters of rank, with coin in the bank, their father a tEqatter proud, When squatters were all of the aristocrats in this country side allowed. " And Morgan Shea had all of the pride of his class, and a trifle more, And he gave me to understand one day that if ever I darken'd his door He'd shoot me as sure as sudden death; and hae had a quaint grim way Of keeping his word, however absurd, the same Mister Morgan Shea, "But Love,,they say, has its own strong way 'of pieroiung obstacles through; How much more so with a love like mine that was ample enough for two I And thusa perchance3 to my veering mind it suddenly did occur ' - . That Anne was the girl who was meant for me-and I settled it so with her. So it came to pass on a nigh like this, when the moon rose late and large, That I ro.e to the homestead, of Morgan Shea, with a swift led horse in eharge. The horse that I rode myself-ah, well, I have seen some horseflesh since, But seldom a breed with the stay and speed of the breed.of old Black Prince. That's alwayaeexccpting Shea's own horse-a terrible great red roan And his creamlwhite mare-there were none to compare with Black Princeibat these alone; But these there was nothing to catch or match, nothing to tame or tire; - The wiad of their wake Ion the coldest 'day was a breeze that burned like fire. Strong language, thisoll Well, perhaps itia But remember I tell yon--I--' - W'here were horses to ride in this country side a score of years gone by. But the moan and the mare I could safely swear were secase In their stable, so.- . We had nothing to fear on that moonlight xide a score of years ago. Acreos the bridge onl Galliver's Creek, and over the FreneLmas's Hill We swept, and down to the long grey flat and there in the moolight still Bow after row the ring-barked trees ?rushed sy us on either hand, Like procnsiones of sheeted ghosts they seemesd, swift.flitting across the land. Galloping there I became aware of thesound of hoofs bhbiud, And "Anne," crtel, "we have ridden fast, but now we muee bornthe wind." For answer I heard a laugh; I turned-and there was a sight to see I As. I am a mao, instead of Anni, it was Mary who rode with me. "A Printer's error I" you'll say, It wsas, but I was a patient man, And I was in love with Mary, too, though I had arranged with Anne. And so. . . B it his wife interruptd here. "You nse it was this way-Jim Had taken so long to make up big mind that we made it up for hi ." The Editor said--"aavlng gone so far you can very eselly see There was nothing to do but ckep going on," a thought borne in on me With especial force as over the coarse dr creek bed rubble the grind And grind I heard, and grew cold to hear, of the galloping hoofs behind. For I knew, without turning head to see, b. the insolent easy way They were roping is in 'twas the roan and S the mare belonging to Morgan Bhea. But the road was clear, and our goal was rear, and I whispered to Mary-" Ride; Fll rein up here-and good-bye, my dear say Jim In his stirrups died." Of course this was bluff, and she laughed erough, and "Die if you must and will," Touching my horse with her whip, she said "but first to the church on the hill." . . And there on the Old Man Bill we were met, full- face, by the golden dawn, And behold, in its light, like amber bright, the tresses of Mary shone. And I felt that, in time. I might bear the shock of the change of sweethearts, when I heard, like thander of waves on the rock, the roan and the mare again, And, oh, if for Mary and me it had not been a grim and a tragic thing, It would have been joy to have gazed just then on the splendid space-cleaving swing Of that wonderful pair as like crested waves m the dawn up the hill they came As though a challenge of speed to bear to the Morning's coursers of flame. Mary said "Yes; they're a splendid pair it was settled long since-that's Anne You sce on the mare. and the.red roan there is ridden by Dan McCann." 'Twas so. The woman, woman-like, thought of the human pair, man-like I Thought of the horses-so we are made-but under the morning sky Marriages twain took place, and I had for groomsman Dan McCann, And for bridtsmaid-saacily smiling at me lo, and behold you, Anne I And Morgan Shea I What hai he to say ? a e had much to say, indeed, Too profane and vain to hintin print, though e lurid enough to read In the dark. However, the end was this he bought the " Cbargo Crimes " (I call it so) for Dan, and for me this same e Tintaraban Times. The editor and his wife arose, and "A Printer's Error," said he, "It was.". At each other they fondly e smiled. And we drank to that error, did we, And I thought, as I looked at the pair, " Oh, there, I well know all about the leaven Of error one finds in printing on earth-but S this error was made in Heaven. -VITron J. DALEY. A, 