Tales and $fcetel&@c» THE HOUSE BY THE COMMON. (By Thomas Cobb). ; V. , CHAPTER I. --THE FRIARS. ;At eight o'clock on Saturday evening July 2, 188—, I was sitting in my dining room, overlooking Tunbridge Wells Com mon/ My predecessor, Dr. Brown, was dead, and I had purchased his practice, ana laiten possession or ms nouse, far too large forvray bachelor requirements, two days ago. The bell.raDg, and entering the con sulting room, I found a well-dressed man, with a long, gaunt face of a Jewish type, dark, and ill-favoured. 'Dr. Everest,' he said, stroking hia small, well- waxed moustache, and I bowed assent. ' 1 want you to come at once to Colonel Manningtree ; the house is not far, just across the common — perhaps you know The Friars.' Taking my hat and stick, I accompanied him ?without Halav .v'Wh.at is tfie. matter with Colonel Man ningtree] I asked, as we struck across the grass. .'A: fit of some kind. Of course, Mrs Manningtree is frightened out of her wits. I anv her brother.' ? '.'?'' Passing the; 'Wellington . Hotel, we turned to the right. :The blue sky was flecked with cldtids like, hurrying Bail j the i air was laden with the scent of hay; a pairbf crows flew, cawing, homewards. Leaving the common, we turned ,down a lane opposite a stagnant : pond, \ and though we had left a house :at its corner;, before we had gone a hundred yards it seemed that we were miles from, every human habitation. - :v.i-, ; On our right the patLwas darkened by; [tail trees, on the left^S 'margin- -'of waste' ground was flanked by a high hedge, full, ; of honeysuckle and blackberry blossom. A i few hundred yards farther downy- the jlaniB curved, bringing into view a large i nouse, standing back from the roadway. ♦That is The Friars,' said my guide, pointing w^th-hiBBtiok. '\ ........... It waB a. gloomy-looking old house. An attempt had been made to restore its grey front, with as much : ..success- as- if a. grimy- faced boy had washed his face in a saucer. Brown streaks ran unevenly down from ita frieze and window-sills ; its .bordering, fluted pillows being of a darker shade, like, the; edging, on mourn ing note paper. .,..,-....'???-. ...??.,...,!, i It stood' two atoreys high, c a square,, masaive building, looking as if it were weighed down by .its own gloom;' A house -which looked as -if the sun never shone upon it, and, indeed, it seldom had ; a house in which children: could never have romped and laughed, in which you could meither make apun nor. clare to tell a ghost story. : ''' J *1; - ? -! We entered its hich wooden crate. fnl.r lowing a winding l gravel drive, strewn with leaves from, the rhododendron beds on our left j but evea the brightness of the powers seemed only to make the gloom of the house more noticeable. | It stood in an angle formed by two lanes, its long back garden being sepa rated 'from that whioh, ran by its ,Bide by a high oak paling. As we entered the house, without either ringing or knocking, I saw that that the interior was more inviting than the out side. Heavy curtains were draped across the hall, the walk were almost hidden by black-framed engravings. I was conducted to a bedroom on the first floor, a large, sparsely furnished room, with its blinds drawn down. It felt cold, even on this sultry July evening. Against .the wall stood a small camp bedstead, on which lay a white-headed man of about seventy years. ? ? ' I Have brought Dr. Everest/ said my companion, and a woman steoried boMv , into the light thrown by a crimson-' shaded lamp. ^ ^ \- Mrs, Manningtree could not be more than. five-aHd^thirtyyior about half; her husband's .age: , in the beauty of her prime. It was beauty of form and colour, rather than of; feature, whilst her shape was t perfect^ her hair - black, her complexion wanalyr tinted, there was a certain hardness about her faae, not counteracted by her full, red, sensual lips. The red light seemed to suit her quiet, self- poiiBeHsed movements, her ]«iv; clear voice ? ilhere4 was Bomething purring, almost feline, in her manner, which con trasted strangely with the cold steadiness of her gaze. ' , .; After a few common-place remarks, I examined my patient. The diagnosis presented no difficulties. It was a case of apoplexy, encouraged, doubtless, by the the hearty meal and the liberal . allow ance of wine, of which, I learned, Colonel Manningtree had partaken at two o'clock. 'To-morrow,' I said, preparing to leave, ' we muat find a hurfee,' 1 If you please, no, Dr. Everest,' Mrs Manninstree answered. ' I could not bear the idea of his being cared for by anyone but myself. I am sure that you will find me a good nurse. ' ? Aware that Colonel Manningtree would not require anyone's services for long, I acquieaBed, and shortly afterwards quitted the house with LaBcelleu, who had intro duced ine to it. , ? '. 'What is your candid opinion V he in quired, as I opened my , h-*ir door, a quarter of. an hour later and handed him a bottle of medicine. ' Has the colonel any chance V ? :' He is an old man^' I replied, 'I am afraid he will not speak again.' * Then;' said Lascelles, 'I had better communicate with his daughter! She is , away on a visit to Norwich.' ' Andif you loae much time,' I hinted, 'your niece may be too la'o !' . '.Oh, she. ia Dot my niece, dpctor. The \ colonel married my .sister only three ] months ago. Miss Manuingtree is, of course, her step-daughter, xsut you may ;.be' sure. I- won't lose any time.' '?The. next, day was Sunday, and I reached The Friars at ten o'clock, being admitted '.by :Mr Lascelles himself, who conducted me upstairs. At seven o'clock that evening I visited Colonel Manning tree,- again, ,and once, more on Monday morning, by which 'time he waa mi extr,eyms. . He had not spoken since his seizure. 1T6 ' J prof essional nurse could have attended to his wants with more care than Mrs Manningtreo, and, indeed, no effort, was spared to prolong the life which it was impossible to save.' '''??- When, at half- past three on Monday afternoon, I paid my next visit, I glanced apprehensively at the windows ;' the blinds were not drawn down, but Mrs Manningtree. and Mr Lascelles met me at the door and their faces warned me that all was over. '''Colonel Manningtree died twenty uiiuuwD agM| . Baiu juttBuoiita, auu- ms sister, pressed her handkerchief to her, eye'si; { At their request I followed them upstairs, looked at the body, and descended to the drawing-room. \- Although - expensively furnished, it looked as bare as the rest of the house, as if the walls were too high for the chairs, the space too ample for the tables. ' Miaa Mahriipgtree did not reach home in. time rt6 see her father,' I remarked, as Lascelles' stepped forward to cloee one of the windows, which opened on to the front garden. .'?''? ' No,* he replied, ' you Bee, it was too late' to wire after you came on Saturday, doctor, and yesterday being Sunday ? ' 'But/: I interrupted him, ' the head office is open at certain hours both morn ing and evening on Sunday^ and you can wire from the railway Btation all day long.' -.. ; ' By Jove ! I wish I had known that,' .he said, lettmg the latch of the window fall into ita groove; 'The. fact is, Dr. Everest,- this illness; of the .poor old colonel's has knocked me off: my head a bit. I could not leave Mrs Manningtree thiB morning, and now, of course, it iB too late !': v ; v ' As - he seized' the cord; to lower the Venetian blind; I heard wheels on the gravel drive. ,.. A ': carriage door was slammed, there was , a - light step on. the atones in front of tjie, house ; the' hall door was quickly opened. Then a fresh,' girlish voice .broke through the utter silence which had fallen on that house of death. 'Father ^father !* The next minute the door of. the room opened, and a tall, slender girl stood on the threshold. Her dress of drab Indian silk fitted her loosely, her fair hair fell carelessly beneath the .wide- brimmed Btraw hat. Her clear, laughing, blue eyes, her up-curved lips, the very .poise , of her graoefur figure,, told that. she was ignorant of her great bereavement. 'Dora !- exclaimed rMrs Manningtrce, starting . baotwards in amaaementas the girl stared from one to th» other. ' I thought I should surprise you,' she cried ; ' I could not help myself. I was bound to come, whether I liked it or not. The children have scarlatina, and Helena would not let me stay. I would not tele graph, because I wanted to give father a surprise. Where is he?' ' This is Dr. Everest, Dora,' faltered Mrs Manningtree ; and as Dora looked enquiringly in my direction I bowed in response. ' Oolonel Manningtree is not— ia not ill?' she said, the smile fading from her face as she stepped farther within the room. 'Oolonel Manningtree has been very ill,' I answered j and with crimson cheeks she turned towards Mrs Manningtree. 4 Why was - I not sent for V she de manded, in a tone which warned me that she had no great love for her stepmother. 'How long has my father been ill, Dr. Everest ? A week ago, when he wrote to me, he said he never felt better.' '1 was go'ng to telegraph to-day,' said Lascelles, in a sympathetic voice j ' buc when the worst—— -' '?;? ': ?; The expression of her eyes. under weat a terrible .change.; her.. face seemed to grow old as I looked upon it. 1 The worst !' she exclaimed; *the worat ! You do not mean— you cannot mean that he iB dead !' Then she turned her woe-begone face tome. 'Dr. Everest, jrou attended my father; will you tell me just the truth ?'. ,' Colonel Manningtree died less than an iiour ago,' I answered, convinced that a ihort answer was really, the kindest. ! ±yo tears ien. uer ups quiverea, and, raising her hands, she took off her hat, tossing it to the top of the grand piano. i ' Take me to him !' she cried ; 'but Mrs Manningtree appeared able neither to speak nor to act for the moment. f Deeply moved myself, I did not marvel at her evident disturbance. But, master ing herself, she came to Dora's side. i ' My darling child, you are not fit to see your father yet. It is a terrible ordeal that you have to go through ; you must not enter the chamber of death until you are calmer.' . ' lam perfectly calm, said Dora. : , 'Dr.; Everest will tell you that I am right,' continued Mrs Manningtree. 'He' js will tell you that you ought to wait until you have rested, until you are. more like yourself.' ; | it was her very calmness which alarmed me for her ; her sorrow . being of that quiet, repressed, dry-eyed kind, which is the most disastrous. . -. . ; 'I think that Mrs Manningtree is right,' I said. 'You will bear the shock better if you rest first. It is only ttie question of a fewhours.' ?; ? I As if resigning herself to the inevitable Dora sank into a chair. Five minutes later I had quitted the grief-stricken girl, and. was standing on the common .in the fullglare of the. summer sunahine watch ing : a cricket match amidst a throng of light-hearted spectators. ? CHAPTER II.— AN TTNEXPEOTED VISITOR. I could not, banish Dora's image from my mind that evening, though, unless the shocks Bhe had sustained resulted in- ill- ness, it was unlikely we should meet again. - ' ?''?'??'?' ' The following morning I sat down ty- breakfast, as usual, at half-past eigh*. After breakfast I retired to the consulting room, where patients were introduced in turn. It was after 10 o'clock, when, to my infinite surprise, Mies Manningtree entered. Instead of the light-coloured dress Bhe was clad in dark blue, while the flapping straw hat had given place, to a neater arrangement in black. Her mass of fair hair seemed to be fastened closer to her head ; she looked less like, a r girl, more like a woman. .' ' I— I have not come as a patient,' she began timidly ; and though I replied that 1^ was glad to. hear it a ; .glance 7was¥iifli- cient. to show that Bhe laboured under great excitement. Her. cheeks were flushed, her pupils dilated, and eke breathed quickly. ' 'Will you sit down, and tell me what I can do for you,' I, said, and she .took the chair which I had placed. .. ' !° ' You must wonder why I trouWe you, Dr. Everest,' she continued. 'I. ought not to have come— rl. knowrl ought not to have come ; but I am a stranger here.— I; have not a friend, not even ah;acquain bance ; not'a soul to turn to for !ad vice, and I-I need it sorely.' ??*':''-^^J$*bl 'You did quite right to come, Mias Manningtree. You have but to tell me how I can serve you'.' 'Only by listening/ she said, in that high-pitched voice which' is a sure sign of intense emotion. 'Only by letting me tell you my story.' She shuddered vio lently, glancing behind her with every sign of terror. ? 'I am ready to listen as long as you like,1 I assured her, and Bottling myself in my writing chair, did not interrupt until she finished her narrative. ' You heard Mrs Mariniogtree promise that I Bhould see my father last night, Dr. Everest ? She broke her promise, and, although I implored her to fulfil it, declined to let me enter his room till thiB morning. At ten o'clock I retired for the night, angry, broken spirited, thoroughly wretched. I was alono in the house with them, and— and with 7iwre. The servants were all gone. Mrs Man ningtree explained that they had mis behaved themselves, that others must be engaged in a few days' time. Their place was at present supplied by one woman, and she left the house at nine o'clock. *T rsrtxm 'nr: aVtla t*n sloart T aaf. 4*.J-|1TiTrinrf again and again of the happy days with my father before we met her before we met Mrs Manningtree. I Beemed to see his face, almost to hear his voice. It appeared impossible that he should have so suddenly gone but of my life, that I should never look upon his face again. It was the first time I ever felt utterly hopeless. When I lout my mother three years ago I was still a child, and my father was left. Now I am alone— utterly alone ; of so little, account that these people even forgot to tell me he was ill ! ? ' God Himself seemed to. have deserted me. Useless to implore Him to give me back my father ; whilst to pray for strength to bear this burden, which was so unbearable, was as futile. At half past eleves, after extinguishing the ga?, I looked out of the window. The night was dark, the air oppressive. As the clouds shifted, I saw one star, and even its lone liness Beemed no greater than my own. If it had bean. daylight I should have seen nothing but trees and meadows : to all intents and purposes the house is isolated. I rsmember laying my burning head on the pillow; I suppose I soon fell asleep. I knew nothing more until I awoke, sitting up in bed. It was still dark, though a narrow faint streak of grey fell on. the celling above the window. Whilst only half awake I seemed to bo listening intently. What were the sounds I heard through the stillness of the night? ' Thud— ihud— thud ! at regular mono tonous intervals. I listened more carefully. Thud — thud — thud ! The sounds were faint and muffled ;| I doubted whether thev were real, or the product of my own imagination. 'Suddenly a horrible idea seized me. It was the digging of a grave. I seemed to hear the spade cut the eartb', to dis tinguish the fall of each freBh . clod. Though I thought it only a horrible fancy, I became afraid. Springing out of t«d, I grasped th.9 blind cord to admit such dim light: as there might be. 'As I stood with the cord in my hand, I grew cold with terror. I could not have moved to save my life. My arm was paralysed with fear. Was I going mad? Was:il the victim of a second delusion 1 The sounds were muffled like those I h d hoard before ; they also seemed faint and far away. Yet I heard them distinctly. ?Dora ! Dora !' 'It was my father's voice— the voice I had never hopud to hear again. i Dora ! Dora !' 'The cry was full of despair. It sounded as if far away, as if it had come indeed from another world. I fell on my knees and' prayed aloud— prayed that I might not go mad. But the voice ? broke in on my petition, and, gaining courage fro nvmyj very fears, I hastily threw on ncyclothes. Was it a mistake after all 1 Was my father, whom they thought dead, atill alive ? More courageous now, I openecl^he door and cautiously groped my 3f a^ along 'the passage. His room waS^ly a few yards from mine. All was BCiu as ^aeatn. xne cool morning atr fou^nd/its way into the house ; the birds were-^feady .rustling in their nests out side! ;'-.!;}Tije Btreak of grey on the ceiling grew.i.ipaler and broader. Thinking of nothyig i-ut gaining hia presence, at last I stood outside his 'door. I tried the handle.; ^tointy: dismay the door waa looked. ;, / -?' - 'Afraid lest 1 Bhould disturb Mrs Manningtree, or Mr Laacelles, I stood there a few minutes ehudderirg. Then, disappointed, I was turning away, half persuaded that the sounds were due to my imagination, when again those piteous cries struck my ears, 'Dora! Dora!' ? 'Whether they came from this world, or from that other of which we, know so little, they were full of entreaty. What ever it was, it was a cry of distress. Per sistent, since the words were repeated, I impatiently tried to force the lock. There were other doors adjacent. From one of them I took a key ; at first it would not turn, but exerting all my strength, at last I made it yield. Gather courage, I opened the door. I was familiar with the room, the increasing light made its contents dimly visible. There stood the conip bedstead — he would sleep #11 no other— on it lay the tall figure just as it might have lain in life, save that one sheet was spread completely over it from crown to sole. As soon as. I saw the form, distinguishable beneath its thin covering, I knew that my senses had' deceived me.' It suggested nothing but death. There was a stilJneas greater and more solemn than that of sleep. As the sheet lay on his features, falling beneath the chin, rising again over his hands folded across the breast, you could tell that it covered a corpse. ' I stood beside tbe bedstead a few seconds, longing to look upon my father's face, yet so overwhelmed with dread, never having looked upon the dead before, that I hesitated to touch the sheet. The light was stronger by this time, the birds were beginning to twitter. At last I took the corner of the sheet in my hand, and raised it from the head, so that I had only to draw it aside to disclose my father's face. For a moment I waited with the linen held above the forehead, then with a quick movement withdrew it- I started back overcome with amazement. Surely this wa3 not my father. I looked again at the face, lowering my eyes to its level. I examined it closely and long. Dr. Everest, the body which lay on that bed was not my father's.' (To be continued.) A fanatic threw a bap of earth over King Humbert; as his Majesty was . driving through the streets of Rome. ? -. ? 