MERCANTILE BANK CASE. magisterial hearing. twenty-fourth day. another anonymous letter. MR GAUNSGN IS THREATENED. AN INSINUATION AGUNST MR LORMER. THE RECONSTRUOTED BANKS. THEIR PROVISION FOR DOUBTFUL DEBTS. A LOAN OR fl DEPOSIT. Tho hosring ot charges against certain of the directors and officer of the Mercantile Bank was resumed iu tho District Court this morning. The magistrates present were Mr Nicolson." P.M.. and Meiurs Craib. Kdehtcn, Lormor, Davioa and Learmontii, J's.P. Whon tho magistrAtcs were scaled, Mr Caiinsun said : I havo received by post an anonymous letter. It appears to have some reference tu Mr Dor mer, and I would like him to ice it. (Mr Gauiunn handed a post-card up to Mr Lorinar, J. P.) Perhaps thcro is as much truth in it as in the other anonymnuH letter rccuivcd by hi Worship. I have received a further letter fioiij an unkuowti corre spondent threatening my llfo ; but I don's mean to refer to that. MrLormer (reading from tho post- card) : " liornior i Iris own correspondent." Title anonymous writer is incorrect. Mr G&unaoo; : Anonymous lettor writors generally are. I thought that as you are loud of anonymous correspondence you would liko to bcq that. (Laughter.) William Francta Duckor, ono of tho liquidators of tho hank, was "further cross- oxtmiuid hy Mr Oaunsou. He said that tho first Inok that suspended was the Federal. In Us Inst balance-sheet the hank made what was considered atntile provision for had debts. Tho Federal soou after the pnbtioalinn of that balance-shout closed IU (foors. Witness wo one of the bauk's unfortunate. X'iu last balaucu-shcet of tho Commeroial, and tho balance-ilicots of other baoltft that afterwards res ponded, made what was cansidcrd ample proviHion for bad debts. Under tho recon struction hchernes, vastly additional pro vision wosnittd hy the various batiks for bad ami doubtful debt. In ono instance at much as L783.000 was reserved iu this w»y, Mr Gnuiison : Most of u. ere broken in pocket, if not in spirit, by one or other of three banking calamities. Wituu-s ; Von stand tho breakage pretty wnll. (Laughter.) MrGaunsun: I nm sorry to say that I am broken both in pocket and In spirit. WitimiR Tlioro is enough left la you to tuoko another fortuue. (Laughter.) Mr Oditnson : Wenow'come to tho City ol Melbourne Bank, and with It the lone lint of ghosts gives out. Yon also woro one of tho "unfortunates" in Hint case t— I had Bomohhnr.s in tho bank. . Igot my dividend before the suspension. Hays you refunded (hat dividend I— No, sir, I have not. Do you consider sufficient provision has beu made by the reconstructed banks to cover bad nud doubtful dabtsP— I havo formed an opinion uu the subject, but I would rather not umwer your question. Mr (Jaunson : Everyone uuderstauds what you moan by that answer. Witnesa: I hopo the various reconstructed hanka will bo able to work out their own salvation. Will v»u not add tlio words "with four and trembling?"— No; those are not my words. Bvcaiuo the various associated banks ware wofully dccti'ved as to tho valuo of their securities, would you nay thoy wore criminally culpablo 7—1 would not go so far as that. Imagino lliall wns a great:olonlnl magnate, nnd that I committed soma institution into tending mo half a miliiou of money. How would tho bank treat tho inUrest due on that amount?— Thoy would carry it to tho inturnnt roHorvo ns profit. A golden sovoruigua received, eh ?— In your case, yos, sii. You do not quarrel with that prinolplo so long as thor Is an honest brilef that thu borrower will pay?— I do not. Iu your opinion was tho object of tho Mer cantile in nbtoiuing tho dopoait of L100.000 from the Commercial to inflate tho balanca- sheet?— To Increase tho coin iu tho balanco- ihcot. Ion draw that conclusion from certain vorbiago in ;he minute of tho 7th January f — Yos, iroin that niiuiiU. Witness and Mr Gaunson spvut several minute In discussing tho dtfferonco botweuu a deposit and a loan. It a banker says ton brothor banker "I want LtOO, 000 from you as a depoBit," and tho second is agreeablo to lend tho monuy, would you draw tho iuforcocu that tbo lender conndors tbo borrower to hu " good " for tho LIOO.OOO -It would bo a uatuial MrGannton read (he agreement drawn up by tha Muroantilo Bank in coaueotiou with tiio borrowing of L100.000 from tho Com mercial Does that document, written purposely In nonneotiun with the borrowing of the LlOO.OOb, expressly state that the Mercantile Bank dsaircu lo got the mousy "as a do- posit 7" — It does. Mr Qnuuson drew Iho aUention of the Benuh to tlio fact that tho agree ment contalneu a lin sotting forth that "amounts were to como In from " a number of tho Mercantile Bank' oustonir. Tho name ot those eoutlemon appeared in tho original, mid Mr Millidgea couneel offered to show them to tho Bench with a viw of testing whothur tlio bank' expscta- tions of rocolving theio amouuts were bogus or reasonable. Th Ohairmau Intimated thnt tho lleuob had no desire to so the Will yon say that tho MorcauUlo Bank got lh« L100.000, primarily, ' to inflate its balance-sheet?1'— I will say that the primary cause of tho Morcuntilo getting ttie niouey was to etrmgthnu its coiut I coasldor It I a leuitimato thing for u bank to strougthtn its coin, Mr Qaunson rend the letter from Mr II. G. Turner to Mr Millldgn dcinandibg settle ment of tho Oummerclal Bank' account ; iul the ininutus of mootiugi of director of (ho Moraantlie Bank, arising out of tbat aciinti, on 3rd and 4th March. l)o not tboso minutes end that lotter conclusively show that tho borrowing of . the L!00,000 by tho Mercantile wns a genuine .transaction ; and that tlio failure of tho Commercial to keep its promise wna the downfall of tlio smullor bunk?— 1'liore is no douht that the with drawal of the money helped to bring on the .downfall. I boliovo tho borrowing was gouuine. . You had an interview with ft member of Tint Hsiuld eta (FT — Iremomber oneof tho staff coming to me. You remembor tlio Attorney-General giving It as iiit opinion that the coso against Davie and Milling had broken down, the evidence in upportof the charge having been completely rebutted by the Grown witnease P — I remem ber reading the opinion. Tlio Court adjourned far lnnoh at 1 o'clock. . 