ON THE WRONG TRACK. [Br JKSANT WATEBHOUSE.] CHAPTER ILL It was afternoon; Myrtis was sitting near a, window to get the beitliglufojSJht 8^k8 and askings ter, for Dr. iSliot a house Z rfrlfS v 3 ' f ?u ,0nedl the small French windows darkened by a creeper mantled verandah, M™ " UB ' - h ? avil y 'eiled by clouds! n e w hat * end of Ju\i? g dlD i? B "f" 9 ' «»»ered with a shabby Cloth, working her sewing machine through yards of calioo. Dr. Elliot was snatching a lew happy moments betide the fire near the opposite end of the table, with bis pipe and the daily paper. V ^yrtw. my dear, let me see what yon are doing. Don't darn the boya'sbookings in that way. Dear me, what a waits of time." _ And Mrs. Elliot oangbt the stocking from aer daughter's hand impatiently. Myrtis felt her cheeks flush. Alike she was annoyed witb herself for showing any »ign of feeling about a trifle. If her mother Bhose _ to have the ooys" stockings cobbled, despising ber beau iful lattioe-work darning, that was not a sufficient matter to oause mortioation to a reasonable person. Mrs. Elliot also felt vered, though she, too, owned that her feeling was not reasonable. Myrtis wished to help; that was certain. If aba bungled in her effort* to be useful, that was not a just oause for anger. She would learn in timo. Cut meanwhile the hard-worked doctor's wife, with her narrow means and her wide expenses, groaned a little secretly over the weariness of having such very raw material to work upon as her inexperienoed daughter presented. So far she had found, as most people do, that it was very muoh less trouble to do the things herself than to teaoh any one else. Then, with the beet will in the world to be useful, Myrtis was hindered from learning how, by the unconscious oonoeit whioh seems inseparable from ignorance—the latter fact being more apparent to her mother than the former. Myrtis had been at home for a month, but she '.v Btill felt outside of the home life into which ' tne lioped to have oom'e with comfort and blessing. Her father marvelled at her want of taot, ber mother thought her oonoeited and stupid, the children thought her oaprioious and irritable, whereas ehe was only young. JBut these four weeks had been a trying ordeal \- for the whole family. - • Doyou f&atly; think r' Myrtis asked as she took the stooking from her mother's hands, cobbled after the approved style, " that stooking looks nice mended like this one?" ' I am not considering how they will look, bnt how they will wear. Ton will allow me to have had inure experience than you." . Oh,"mother 1" escaped from the noorgirl in a pained tone. The tone stirred a responsive note of sympathy in her father's heart; in her mother's too, if she had but known it. He ^wasfolding his newapaper to read a certain parag&pb;" conveniently; by way of effecting •diversion he read the paragraph aloud— "The new lode in the Jindu Mine has fielded two ounoes to the ton from the last arnshing, a circumstance which most be gratify ing to its chief promoter, our late townsman, Mr. Sebastian Westbrooke. This gentleman is one of the members of the Syndioate by wham the mine is' floated, and is the largest shan <ho!der in the concern." "Iv" Westbrooke has anything to do with the m ine I should think the public may safely let it .down as a swindle," said Mrs. Elliot, turning the handle of her machine. "It is the son," shouted Dr. Elliot throngh the hum iind buzz. " He is all right." " Witb.noh a father? Nonsense." • " His fat her is dead, my dear. The mother was a vei) - superior person. I suppose the son takes aft «r her." "Don't tall me!" was the response of the lady at the machine. Presently D»r. Elliot went out on his round of afternoon visits among his patients. "Myrtis," said her mother, "did you put the things wh ich stood on the kitchen mantelpiece on that high shelf on the dresser I" "lc.es, mothcir; sras it wrong?" "I think, my dew, that it was impertinent in you to interfere with my arrangements. What was yoctr obfeot in making the alteration ?" " To make more room," Myrtis answered, m not being able at the moment to remember m why she had thought that the alteration would w be an improvement. r " Room for whit ?" e e "Ob, for things' in genera]," was the vague t" reply. w e "Fora whim, 3a short. In fatnre kindly leave my arrange.inentB as you find them ; at least do not alter anything without leave. And there is another thing about whioh I must speak, though. I do so unwillingly, because I. know you mean kindly. You must not tell the children stories after they are in bed at sight; they g-row excited and will not qo to sleep. And pnay do not tell them ghost stories. One would' think at your age that you might know better. I like to see you so kind to them, but you were two hours last night in putting them-to bed. I have never allowed them to fall into dawdling ways." "I am sorry,"said Myrtis in a constrained .tone, trying not to know why ber needle suddenly became magnified and her darn blurred. " I meant to be so metal at home, and I only get in your way." " Ton can learn, my dear child. Untrained help is not of modi use in such a house as this." " But I have been learning all these yean. The Lethbridgea thought very differently of my ways of doing things." Your ways may haw suited them. They \- - don't suit me," said Mrs. ]Elliot, irritated by the "ilighV trine "of eelf-aisortion in whioh her \- daughter spoke. " You do a great o.any things which.are not required, and you forget almost everything which I have asked you to do." "If you only knew bow angry I am with my own stupidity," Myitis exclaimed repentantly. " Ah, that is a little more like the right , talking than ypor previous boast of Mr*. Lflthbridge's admiration of your housewifely talents. If you can bring yourself to believe in your own deficiency half the battle will be pained." Myrtis sighed. She was mentally going over the list of little acoomplishments which she had been thought to possess by George Hey wood. Not one of them seemed to be of any use here. She would not say to herself that she was unselfish, as he had said, but she was consoious of a very sincere desire to oarry her mother's burdens for . her, while,. instead of doing so, it now ap- .-. peared that ehe had added to those burdens. -Far from having reseived praise from her mother, on the score of her needlework, she had been wonnded by Mrs. Elliot's contempt for her fine sewing as being quite unsuited to the sort of work whioh was required at home. \- Her arrangement of rooms, or rather her rearrangement, was regarded as an impertinence. The round table in the drawing room was to itand where it had always stood in the middle Sfthe room-; a vaea of flowers, tightly tied, was to occupy the exaat centre; the books arranged like rays ronnd the outer edge. No innovations would be allowed, therefore what was the use of having a young woman in the house whose taste for setting rooms in order had been admired elsewhere? Supposing that Mr. Hey wood had been right in believing her to possess a rsjre gift for story-telling how could she use •this-gift for the benefit of the " little ones if the? must burry over the evening bath and be left to go to sleep immediately afterwards ? All the rest of theday was filled full of duties whioh were incompatible with story telling. Still, though ber spirit was a little daunted bySK> many unexpected difficulties, Myrtis resolved not to allow herself to be conquered. She determined to invent means ior making herself remember to do certain \- duties which bad been appointed to her, so that no blame should be cast upon ber for neglect of orders. For the reet she could not hel p hoping that time would prove to her mother how much better were the ways of the inexperienced daughter than those of theexperienced house mother. Bea Kay was pretby. with its crescent curve, tinted shallow water, and grey marble bouses; butit was a doll spot for a girl without companions of her own age under any circumstances. For Myrtis, acoustomed to oonstaut variety, the place appeared nnendurably dreary. At this period of her life she was on a wrong track, but toasuffioientiysympathetio onlooker there fcould have appeared a pathetio side to her mistakes, and something not far from heroic in the way which she grappled in silence with her difficulties,-accepting patiently a new und distasteful order of things. The more \- the bated ber home-life, the more credit should oedue to ber for never allowing that hatred to appear, either in words or in manner. For a whole fortnight, the talk among the inhabitants of Bea Bay had ranged betwaen the futare of the new lode in the old Jindu Mine, and a concert, at whioh a great singer from Europe was to delight the mnsioal ears "of -Bea Bay. Myrtis felt a positive and welldefined thrill of excitement, in the prospect of hearine the music, as she took her seat in the .room beside her parents, the children having been left safely in bed half an hour earlier than usual, with a box of dried figs to comfort them, and all the household worries banished for the tiir.p. ' '/p assert that Myrtis Elliot was at an) time indifferent to ber personal appearance, would be to overstep the truth. She was extremely anxious, at the moment of taking her seat, to ascertain whether the natural fringe which waved softly round her face was standing on end or lying becomingly in iti place; and, in a word, whether she looked nice. But she had . nojdea how completely the central figure she ' teaii'me in tbatrustio assembly. Her high-bred face and form thrown into strong relief by the calf-like countenanc s and heavy bodies of the bucolics who surrounded her. Her anxiety about the perfection of ber toilet lasted only until the great singer appeared on the stage. From that moment all baser considerations were forgotten, her "sonl was uplifted by the winm." The Toar of applause which followed m h vh i i a b m W p i m w y e pL f r w f a s t h v S ta l t b l h t c o t s h tihv h tT f py n f o w 6 Ma r b s B h c n o b b b t b s g g p g o s t b h t h o d efabgtsnsuhli a s t w A a w e dLActdpt the song brought her to earth again, she was vibrating and trembling under the nameless emotions awakened by the glorious voice which while rendering the utmost meaning of the words sung, had yet a deeper language and meaning of its own, untranslatable, yet conveying a sense whioh penetrated the soul of Myrtis with a revelation of mystery, of possible joy and possible pain. The singing of this woman was one among many forces which were drawing Myrtis onward and upward along the path of life. As she rose, the horizon of life rose also and widened. Every enlargement seemed fated to be attended with pain. Her eyes were drawn by the magnetism of some one else's gaze to the opposite side of the room. A young man was looking at her as no man ever yet had looked at Myrtis Elliot. Among the follies in which she had indulged with her late companions, flirtations had not been inoluded, more, perhaps, by good fortune than as a result of high principle. The example of her younger companions had failed to pervert her in this respect. But with a curious thrill, she realized that tha eyes of the young man were telling her the old story whioh no one else had yet wished to tell her. The gaze embarrassed but did not annoy her. There was a compelling and over-mastering force in those dark eyes whioh burned as they met here. She indulged in strange fancies about the probable power over herself (magnetic, of course) possessed by the owner of those eyes. She could have brought herself to believe that he could by the exeroise of his will upon hers compel her to leave her seat and follow him whither he chose to lead her. Perhaps any girl with a lively fancy might have felt the same. Given a dull and unoongenial life, for a period of three months, a mood highly wrought by a strain of beautiful musio, the birth of a romantic passion testified to by a pair of remarkably handsome brown eyes, set round with long, thiok, curling, blaok lashes, the result could hardly fail to be the stir of a responsive emotion, be it never so shallow. Myrtis drew her breath with difficulty. She longed to hide herself, to cry, to yield to the mysterious and all bub irresistible power which drew, her eyes to those of the unknown. The two hours oconpied by the conoert were a period of tremulous excitement. During the ten minutes' interval the young man kept his seat, though almost every other male creature had fled from the room, some merely to fill their country lungs with unbreathed air, some to fortify themselves with "a draw of the pipe,".others to seek support for energies naturally depresssd by the progress of the entertainment and the obligation of appearing to listen, in a glass of beer or other liquid refreshment. The last note of the National Anthem, with which close all country concerts, bad biien sung, the stage curtain had slowly hidden the smiles and curtseys of the prima donna, oloaks and shawls were being dragged from under forms. Dr. and Mrs. Elliot stood out in the open spaoe between the ranks of seats on either side of the concert- room. Myrtis having thrown a foamy, white sqnare of wool over her hair was drawing her soarlet Indian shawl round her shoulders and moving slowly to her parents' side. An individual in breeches and boots, who had occupied a seat in the front rank, cameelbowing his way among the holders of reserved seats, jostling every one and almost overturning the unprepared. The rough movement of this person caused him to bounce against Miss Elliot, knooking from her hand a lovely spray of safrano roses which she carried as being more correot than the ordinary bouquet. With a hasty "beg pardon" the breeches and boots disappeared. Myrtis made no attempt to piok up her flowers, being annoyed by the rudeness whioh had robbed her of them, but followed her parents to the door. Standing for a moment in the starlight with her mother, while Dr. Elliot bad gone for the wagonette, she smelt the frogranoe of tea-soented roses like those she had carried to the concert. She glanoed towards the light of a vehicle which shone with a broad glare upon one figure for one instant, but that fragment of time had been enough to show her the roses whioh she had dropped in the hands of the unknown. The next instant eyes, roses, and man had disappeared into the chill winter darkness, the cart with the lights moved slowly away, and Dr. Elliot drove up in his wagonette. Myrtis lay awake for hours that night too uch exoited to sleep, ashamed of her exciteent, trying to feel indignant with the man ho bad presumed to allow her to perceive his idiculous admiration, and still more annoyed, xcited, and interested by the last words xohanged by her parents as they turned in at heir own gate. " Who," asked Mrs. Elliot, was the distinguished-looking young man ho stared so persistently at Myrtis all the vening ?" " Was there a distinguished-looking young an ?" asked Dr. Elliot, sleepily. f "Oh yes, my dear. You must have notioed im. A tall, pale man, or rather boy, with ery liquid brown eyes, an intellectual foreead, and clearly chiselled features. A romantic, high-bred person." " Sitting nearly on a level with us? That is yonng Westbrooke." " What, old Westbrooke'e son? Old Westbrooke, who has been in gaol twice ?" " Nevertheless that is his son. His mother s or was a very handsome woman. This lad s very much like her." " I feel no interest in him. Take care, you re driving very cloee to the post." CHAPTER IV. It was a silly, sentimental, old maid who rought the mischief about. The fiercest fire ust go out, fuel being denied, and Sebastian estbrooke's suddenly conceived, romantic assion for Myrtis Elliot must have perished n course of time had the young people never et. But for Miss Langley, a rioh woman ithout family ties, who, despite her fifty ears, was half in love with the poetic-looking on of a gaolbird, Myrtis and Sebastian robably never would have met. Miss angley was clever in her way and cultured, ull of crude generosities, of schemes for unavelling social tangles, ideas which were not ithout germs of noble feeling, but her moral ibre was lax. She had met young Westbrooke t the house of a mutual friend, nearer :n the ooial scale to the class in whioh he was born han to her own. She had been attracted to im by bis history and his good looks. The ictory over her fancy was completed by ebastian's manners, his vivid personality, and he high reputation he had earned as head boy t St. Peter's Collegiate School. Miss Langley ived about ten miles from Bea Bay and close o the Jindu Mine. She wrote to young Westroke on hearing of his disoovery of the new ode and his subsequent investments, asking im to visit her, with a view to advising her on he subject of venturing some of her own apital in the new-old mine. Wescbroke beyed the summons, though secretly inclined o resent this display of an interest which he uspected to arit-e chiefly from curiosity.. But e was won over by her kindness, her clever alk, and still more by the conviction that her nterest in him was genuine. Howitoameabnut e never knew, but on the occason of hie third isit .she wormed out of him the admission of is secret admiration for Myrtis Elliot, ogether with bis despair of ever meeting her. he romanoe oF his confession apoealed powerully to Miss Langley'e fanoy. She at ouca erceived that she was destined to bring the oung people together. Mint* Langley invested o money in the Jindu Mine, hut she paid lattering attention to the Elliots, finally btaining leave to aarrv off Myrtis to stay ith her for two or throe days. Curiously nougb, she omitted to mention to Dr. and rs Elliot that young Westbrooke was a guest t her bouse at the tiin» Myrtis experienoed a rare sense of reft and elief when the liffht buggy was drawn up efore a house built of grev marble, which parkled in the cold June sunlight. Three teps led to a verandah in which an empty ammook was swinging near three lounging hairs. All was sweet with flower fragrance, eat and clean A handrail ran round the uter edge of th verandah, over which a lossoming creeper bung. In the neat garden eds b»low roses and heliotrope were still looming, with violets and mignonette, and all he t-arly flowering bulbs. "You must take one peep at the mine, ecause we are so proud of the new discovery," aid Miss Langley to Myrtis. " Then we will n in and get warm." Myrtis looked at the smoking funue! and the reat rugged wound in the hillside opposite, rivately thinking that the view would have ained mooh in baauty if the mine had been ut of sight. " But you shall see the new shaft for yourelf to morrow, my dear. It wiil be described o you by some one who understands the whole usiness." Myrtis oould not meet the eyes of her ostess. She could not under* baud the curious hrill of excitement which vibrated through er frame, nor the vague sense of discomfort, f a throb of conscience, as if hVjp were about to o something wrong. Miss Langley did not xplain further, but led her into a prettily urnished hall, where she was asked to lay side her heavy wraps, and afterwards to a cosy edroom with a bright Kre burning in the rate, flowers 011 thB dressing table, and wo or three new books in a tinv c-naraellpd helf upon the wall. Myrtis wa« feeling her erves strung up to a high pitch by this time; he was trembling with agitation from an nknown oause. Something was about to appen »he felt sure ; the still current of her fe was flowingrapidlv—where? Butshewould sk no questions: there wae always now the posibility that ehe might find herself doing come hing that her parents would disapprove. She as not anxious to meeb trouble halfway. fter a delightful hour spent with a novel in n armchair by the fire, Myrtis thought ehe ould vary her pleasures by dressing for the vening. Before she could quite resolve to rag herself out of the chair's embrace angley came in with a teatray in both hands. few loose violets lay on the shining trayloth, their soent mingled ecchantingly with he fragance of the tea. Miss Langley looked elightfully civilized, by oontrast with the eople at Itea Bay, in a handsome darlc-grern eagown. trimmed with cascades of ivory- coloured lace, and her office of carrying in the teatray brought out the capable womanly aied of her nature, wh ; oh was really the attractive one. She hated being waited upon. "Don't move, child," she exclaimed, as Myrtis sprang up to lift the small table. " I am going to sit here." She poured out the tea, pressed Myrtis to taste the various discs and circlets of baked foam which filled the cakebox, all the while regarding her as if she were anxious to learn by heart the principal points of her appearanoe. "Now make yourself as pretty as you can for this evening," she said when the teadrinking was at an end. " We dine at 7. I like people to look nice." She whisked the tray outof the room, letting thedoorclaptobehind her, withoutgiving Myrtis rime to ask questions, and Myrtis refused to ask questions of herself. If h6r eyes shone more lustrous than usual when Bhe met their reflection in the glass, if ber hands trembled ever so slightly while she wound her wavy coil of hair round and round, if her cheeks took on a faint flush, no other explanation was' needed than this delightful banning to her visit. Home was hard, cold, and prosaic; in trnth, Dr. Elliot's marble house at Bea Bay was not yet home in its real sense to his eldest daughter; while Miss Langley'e house, so far as she had seen it, was full of comfort for body and mind. Never, in the three months since she had left Adelaide, bad she until this afternoon been allowed to read a book for a whole hour at a stretoh. By the time ahedressing-bell rang Myrtis was dressed in her white nun's veiling gown, trimmed with white fur, her hair and eyes shining, her cheeks just tinged with colour, her lips softly red, her lithe figure erect and pliant in its trailing white robes. Now ehe wished she had not dressed so early; then she felt templed to explore further into this delightful houBe; and again she hesitated leBt she should meet all unprepared this mystery with which the air seemed vibrating. While she stood, her hand on the door, uncertain whether to go ur to stay, Miss Langley pushed it open from the other side. " Dressed already!" she said, looking pleased. "You may as well go into the diawing-room; I will show you the way. But yon have no flowbr. Let me pin these in for you." Tbe room gave a jerk, and every object seemed displaced for the moment to the girl's eyes as Miss Langley raised her other hand snowed asprayof safrano roses, half blown,and exactly like those which MyrtiB had carried to the concert. She dared not resist, but she longed so push away the haunting flowers. She began to feel as if her will was being mastered by some epell; her healthy in9tinct revolted against blind eubmission. But since she could not explain her objection to wear the flowers, she did submit so far. "Come thiB way,"said Miss Langley, walking swiftly down the oorridor, herself a stately figure, crowned with magnificent masses of black hair, in whioh a silver thread or two were visible. Once more they crossed the entranae-balL Adooretood half open, the blaze of a wood fire enl : ghtened the dusk, and showed the graceful appointments of the room. "Go in there and make yourself happy until dinner time," said Miss Langley. Myrtis thought she saw signs of amusement in the handsome face of her hostess. At this moment the figure of a young man rose from besidethe fireplace, roseand stood absolutely still for ac instant. Myrtis felt her own heart stand still too, for, even in the uncertain mingling of firelight and twilight, she recognised bim and knew that she had been brought here to meet him. His eye went straight to her roses. Miss Langley's hasty and rather embarrassed introduction of each to the other was soon over. She left them, to make ber own toilet, and Myrtis sank into a chair which was placed well in the shadow of the mantelpiece. A servant entered with a large shaded lamp, which ehe placed on a side table, and Myrtis's shadow deserted her. Her confusion lasted no longer thau sixty seconds, but it was perceptible to him, who was far more confused than she. She immediately began to talk to him upon the safe subject of the mine. He, following her lead, exerted himself to remove the slightest sense of embarrassment from their interview. When Miss Langley joined them her guest® were conversing with perfect composure. She was almost disappointed to Gnd them mutually so much at ease. She could only guess at the sensations experienced by either. The dinner was a pleasant meal, well appointed, well served, and seasoned with agreeable talk. After dinner there was a little music, more talk, chiefly discussion of new books, then bedtime oame, and all th9 food which Sebastian's heart had had to keep hope alive was compressed into the instant during whioh he held thehand of Myrtis in his own. He meant to shake hands with her in the quiet unde-nonstrntive way proper to a gentleman who is allowed to touch the hand of a strange lady ; but the contact of that soft, warm, white hand of bers was too much for his resolution, and he felt that his clasp of the elim fingers bad expressed more than he ought to reveal. After breakfast Miss Langloy made Myrtis put on ber hat to visit the mine. Down the shaft they went, all tbe workings being explained to them, and a soore of email opportunities offered themselves during the morning of which Westbrooke was not slow to take advantage, showing those little careB for the two women in his charge, which help rapidly to ripen acquaintance. In the afternoon MI'SB Langley and Myrtis were alone, greatly to the relief uf the latter. " What do you think of Mr. Westbrooke, Myrtis?" MisB Langley asked, speaking out of a long silence which had fallen upon them as they sat in the pleasant warmth of the dining-room with books. "I have not had time to think—anything," Mvrtis answered. " I am afraid my mother and father may be angry with me for having made MB acquaintance." " Indeed, and why 1 May I not invite what guests I please!" "Dear Miss Langley, don't be angry with me. But I have heard my father speak very badly of old Mr. Westbrooke." "Nothing too bad could besai^ of bhe old rascal. However, he paid well to have hts son educated, and that is more than better men are willing to do sometimes. Ihe young man ehould be judged on his own merits." " Then, on hie own merits, I think he is very nice," said Myrtis. Mise Langley laughed. ' You are cautious, I see," she said. " I fancy Mr. Westbrooke might be able to expreBu himself more w&ruily; about you." "I hope not," Myrtis oried, with flaming cheeks. "My dear girl, why do you say that? Do you remember seeing him at a concert given in your neighbourhood about a fortnight ago?" " Yes; I thought it was he—I mean I knew—for my father said so as we drove home." ' And I have no doubt endeavoured to prejudice you against the young man by telling you that his father was disreputable?'' "£ knew as tnneh as that," Eaid Myrtis. ' I rem»mb»r hearing of him as an old reprobate before I went away from home in the days when he used to keep tbe Miner'fi Arm?." " His being the son of a publican would tall against him with your father," pursued Miss Langley, in a musing tone. " f can forgive old psople's prejudices; but I trubt that you are more enlightened than to allow a man's parentage to militate against him in your esteem," "I am enlightened unough to respect a man for himself if I really know anything of him ; but I i-ha'l most likely never see Mr. West brooke e^ain. I heard him say that be must return to towu to morrow." " That is why f am venturing to pr^be your feelings, inv dear. Forgive me, I.Iyr'iig, if I seem almoct liidelioato. My warm friendship for Sebastian Westbrooke must be my exeuse You must know that with bim, to love you from the 5ret moment tie saw you, was his fato." Myrtis did feel that Miss Langley was not almost but quite indelicate; but she was spellbound, and oould not speak. ' I&m; forty- cine years old, ilyriis, with perhaps many lonely years stretching outbefore me which might have been a^eelly companioned. I won't tell you my story now, except that two lives touched which ought to have remained in contact, and were parted for ever, for want of a friendly voicu to bid them stay. There is Hufnoipnt refietcblanCK between my ease and yours to make me careluss about overstepping strict propriety to save you from a like fate." Miss Langley looked years younger th&n; her age while she was Hp&aking.; In her tone was & compelling earnestness; in her look and mauuer was a sad and tender majesty which overawed Jlyrtis. Yet, though she believed her own fable for the moment, tbe truth was that the young man to whom she alluded had loved and ridden awav of his own accord. After thai episode Mies Langley had beco:ne c«lsbratcd as a desperate flirt who had trifled awav all her chances of ». sensible marriage. When she inherited her present ooaifortable mooaie, leaving poverty and discomfort in the past, she left her girlhood along wich the inconveniences ; and perhaps a wholesome dread of falling a prey to a fortune, hunter had kept, her single over emce. "I know you rufan kiudly by ine," eaid Myrtis, tremulously; "but" — "But what, my child? Do you mean to tell me that you cannot respond at a'l to his fenling for you?" " I can't tell—it is ;co soon. I ought not to answer such a question—and however I might feel—if 1 haw more of him—it would be useless. Alv parents would never tolerate anything of the kind. I am certain of it from what I heard them say cn ths night of the concert." " But, my dear girl, your parents mast lav aside their old world prejudices. Old VVestbrooke is dead ; the mother is a highly respectable person ; and as for Sebastian, he might be a prince. Your parents must yield wii?n c-'rr.inon eense against them." "Dear Miss Langley, need we talk of this now ? It makes me feel so dreadfully forward and bold." " But, Myrtis, don't yon understand ? Sebastian confided bis trouble to me, and I plotted and planned to bring you together. For heaven's sake don't waste time in considering petty proprieties ! He loves you to desperation, as a woman, believe me, is never but once loved in her lifetime. You have been in his society for as many hours as if you had known him for months, merely meeting in the ordinary way. You must have some idea how you feel towards him." " But I have not ^'exclaimed Myrtis, almost orying, her true intuition warning ber that something was wrong and unsatisfactory. " I have seen, of course, something of what you eav. I am attracted and repelled. I feel as if I was deceiving father and mother, and yet I can't help it." She broke down and cried, very much to her own vexation. " Well, never mind ! He will be gone to morrow. Bat I really think you ought to give bim a hearing. Let him feel able to go to your father, if he is successful in pleading his own cause with ycu, mentioning me as a mutual friend, and asking for the right which every man owns, to claim his wife by virtue of his own character and position." Myrtis buried her face in her handkerchief and eobbed. Every sensibility was wounded by the well-intentioned words of Miss Langley. She felt herself enclosed in a net from which she might not escape. Dimly she recognised that Miss Langley had taken an unfair advantage of her position, to ensnaie her and make free action impossible. But,alas! her own heart, or what she believed to be her own heart, took part with Henrietta Langley, against her better judgment. She was fascinated by the thought of Westbrooke'e infatuation for her. His bright talk pleased her, bis hand*ome face charmed her, his respectful manner towards her, mr»re distinctly reverential than ever towards Miss Langley, flattered ber most delicately. Perhaps, she thought, she was really in love with him. But how unlike was this over-exci half-irritated, half-ashamed feeling to the happiness which she bad thought might some day be for ber. She dreaded entering upon a long period of battling with her parents, yet she wished to be stanch. If she should ever allow Sebastian to goto them and ask for her, having promised subject to their consent to be his wife, she felt sure that she would stand firm against their displeasure, and that nothing short of the discovery of personal unworthiness in him should induce her to retract her promise. Mingling strangely with all her confused feelings for and against Weatbroke, oame a new perception of her parents' view of tbe question —of their mortification and disappointment in finding that the daughter for whom they had sacrificnd much, that she might be educated suitably to her station, was anxious to ally herself to a man of inferior birth and disreputable parentage. With aU her selfwill she could not help sympathizing with them and wishing that she could escape before she was strain obliged to meet Sebastian Westbrooke. She still clung to tbe desire to be useful at home, to take ber true place with her parents, to fulfil the duties so long neglected, to realize the ideal which George Heywood had set before her. The rememfer&noe; of George Heywood startled her into quietness. With the thought of him came calm and mpose. He was a strong friend who would nob want to bewilder her with complications at the outset of her home life ; he would help her to keep steadily forward until bhe had attained to something of the peace whioh she believed oould only be earned by making her value felt at home. "I will not engage myself to any one at present," she said, drying her eyes and feeling strong in her resolve to do what was right at all costs. Miss Langley went quietly out of the room. She had not yet learned to endure contradiction. She believed her young guest's scruples to be mere affeotation. Her vanity, too, was involved in triumphing over Myrtis. 