Jfatl Jteto0. LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our London Correspondent.] October 13, 1893. There are signs of a speedy ending to the great coal stoppage. The conference held at Sheffield on Monday between the representa tives of both parties to the dispute resulted in certain proposals being formulated by the mayors who convened the meeting. These were generally to the effect that the miners should be allowed to return to work at the old rates, subject to a reduction after Decem ber 4 of 10 per oent. out of the 40 per cent, advanoed since 1888; that a tribunal of conciliation should be established to deal with ' the question ^of wages ; and that in view of the severe distress tha coal owners should make advances of wages to the men, to be repaid by weekly instalments. The coalowners met on .Tuesday at Derby and unanimously agreed that the proposal to re sume work at the old rate of wages could not be entertained, but they also resolved that the men might commence work on Monday, Ooto ber 16, at a present reduction of 15 per cent, out of the 40 per cent, advanced in 1888. They also agreed to meet the miners1 representatives with a view to establishing the proposed tri bunal, of conciliation. The Warwickshire coal owners, however, are prepared to open their pits on the mayors' terms. Bat the men everywhere seem determined not to acqept any reduction, immediate or prospective, and if this attitude be persevered in the only hope of a speedy ending that remains is in the gradual break-up of the Goal-Owners' Federation, already con siderably weakened by the secession of mem bers owning pits which can be worked at a profit even with wages on a still higher level than that which the miners demand. The men are receiving a very fair amount of publio support, which though small in comparison to the needs of their wives and families is yet enough to enable them to hold out for a while longer. In the Bolton district of Lancashire eight collieries opened yesterday at tbe old rate of wages. Prices have eased consider ably for all kinds of coal during the past few days, and this has enabled many factory works which were on the point of closing to be kept open, and to allow a fresh start in several manufactories that bad to be closed when the price of coal reached its highest limit a couple of weeks ago. The public in their warm-hearted sympathy with the col liers and their wives and children seem to have entirely lost Bight of the misery and destitu tion caused among other wageearners by the coal stoppage. Thousands have been thrown out of work by the enormous rise in fuel and these unfortunates are in just as piteous a plight as the collier and his dependants. For them, however, no public subscriptions are sought. They are not fighting for better wages or. Bhorter hours, they are simple 'out of works,' and as such have no more claim upon the public than the loungers who infest Tower HilL At least this is the view that seems to be generally adopted. A great era in the history of the famous 'reading' at, as aome say, sapping college at Oxford closed last Friday morning, when amidst glorious autumn sunshine the remains of Benjamin Jo wett, Master of Balliol, were carried from the Domus he loved so well, and to which be had so faithfully consecrated hiB long, bril liant, and useful life, to St. Sepulchre's Ceme tery. Writing of the beloved form as it lay wrapt in the peace whioh passeth under standing, a Balliol man observes — 'Strange indeed was it to many of us to Bee that alert vital form in all the stillness and repose of death. As he lay in the silent guest chamber looking out on the walls and the garden — so full of associations for all old Balliol men — it was as though at length the full expression of the soul had been Bet free and the familiar benignity of expression had been etherealised into the majesty of perfect knowledge. .The seeking element had vanished, and in its place the imprint of -perfect attainment rested upon the oalm brow.' Another old friend says —'The countenance, had assumed an extraordinary nobility and beauty, in which all its finest characteristics were accentuated. Benignity, austerity, patience, profundity — these were the qualities left stamped upon the countenance and the domed, wide-spreading brow, absorbing every minor feature.' Those who looked their last upon the Master at this solemn time left the cham ber of death with the resistless conviction thatjhere indeed was fulfilment, and not anni hilation. The service in College Chapel waa simpli city itself, but the old Balliol men who asssmbled by their fame and character gave wondrous testimony to the deceased's life work.: 3Trom a column of great names (a few of course' colleagues) I select those of the Speaker of tbe House of Commons and his son (both pnpila of tbe doctor), tbe .Bishops of Kipon and Oxford, the Dake of Bedford, the Earls of Jersey, Camperdown, Portsmouth, Wemyss, and Winohelsea, Mr. Justice Wright and Sir Trancis Jeune, Dr. Jex Blake, the Dean of Westminster* Dr. Warre, of Eton, Mr. Glazebrook, of' Clifton, and a whole host of renowned 'Varsity, scientific, and literary men, from Professors Huxley and Fronde to Lord Tennyson and Sir A. Godley^. Sir Robert Herbert was- the most noted Anglo Colonist amongst tbe old Balliol scholars who have become famous, but amongst the ''coming' men were, I see it stated, at least four highly promising antipodeans. Amidst the wreaths were specially fine ones from Lord Bosebery, ' with grateful affection ;' from Algernon Chas. Swinburne, 'an old pupil;' from Lady Sherbrooke, 'with deep sympathy;' from Earl Russell (whom Dr. Jowett stood by in dire necessity), ' A token of regard;' from Hubert Herkomer, R.A., from JSmiiy Lady Tennyson, &c.; The im pressive voice of the Bishop of London read the committal and Dr. Sinclair the final thanksgiving. 'And so,' thought many mourners, 'farewell to a life of 76 years characterised by absolute singleness of aim, a life which' will live on for generations in the sons it has brought forth, whose secret was that of perfect selfrenunoia tion and unwearying labor for the common weaL' A few years ago, whilst some alterations were going on at Balliol, Dr. Jowett went to lodge at a bouse in the suburbs in which also dwelt one of the young priests of a neighbor ing mission. Xt was not exactly a congenial atmosphere- for the Regius professor, who spent a good deal of his time gazing sadly at the fire, until the landlady, who was of a serious turn and didn't know whtv he was, came to the conclusion that thi ? old gentleman's soul was in a bad way. The--ood woman therefore suggested to her curate lodger, whom we'll call ? the Rev. Algernon Higgins, that the 'old gentleman with the large 'ead' required spiritual consolation. Dr. Jowett was sitting with his back to the door next evening, when a soft tap caused him to call 'Gome in' sharply. 'Pardon me,' bleated a voice in the Anglican sing- song, 'but the worthy land lady thought I might be of some use in offer ing you spiritual consolation, and perhaps brotherly counsel likewise.' The redoubtable Jowler, as undergrads called the professor, meaning no disrespect, turned full on his visitor, and his face wore the look which made the hardiest of lads wince, as he chirruped — 'Oh I Mr. Higgins.' Here ensued an ap palling pause. 'Yes, I think I remember examining you in tie schools. Yes, of courae. you got a third, I think ? Will you sit down ?' The wretched Hiegins stammeringly admitted the third, declined the seat, and— fled. Many repeat the sharp half of Dr. Jowett' a sayings without adding the salve which re deemed them from unkindness. For instance there is the story of the ardent evangelical parson who held forth in a crowded drawing room thus: — ' What I resent as a clergyman is that I have to do what no layman has to do, to beg and to beg in vain ; ladies glittering with diamonds would not sacrifice one jewel to save an erring sister from shame and death.' An awkward pause fell over the company, many emaxt dames blushing painfully. Then Dr. Jowett's chirrup became audible. 'What I resent as a clergyman is that I must exaggerate ;' a slight pause and titter ensued, then he quickly added, 'I mean I must set forth the charity for which I am preaching as tbe best when it is only probably like many other charities— partly good and partly bad.' This story is often told to end at exaggerate, in which case it would have been rude. A student who had passed his ' gr«ate' with distinction was supping with Jowett. ' Well, Mr. ? , what do you think of meta physics?' 'Oh-!' was the consequential reply, 'my two years' study has convinced me that metaphysics are humbne.' 'Indeed,' calmly observed the profeseor, ' then you are a very lucky man, Mr. ? , for there are some who have stndied metaphysics until their seventieth or eightieth year and not made that discovery.' Tracy Turnerelli's monument is at present the principal 'sight' of the town of Leaming ton. Hundreds flock there to see the 6 tons of Portland stone and to read the inscriptions on its four faces. Perhapsyou think the redoubt able Tracey has succumbed to his great age. Not at all. He ia merely a bit 'previous.' The old man felt that possibly, indeed, pro bably, his offspring might not chronicle his golden deeds as permanently and prominently as he could wish. He therefore decided to do it himself. The inscription runs — Grateful for perfect health at SO years of age This Stone will Recokd the VoLUKTBEn work of One Who Owes to God A long happy public life and At Fouescoke Yea.es A body without an ailment, A mind without a regret, and A name without a stain. Teacy Tueserelli. Author of (here follow a lengthy list of Tracy's achievements, mostly in pamphlet form, and published by himself). Finally comes the text-^ By their works ye shall judge them (Rev. xx., 12). The late Sir 'William Smith, to whose decease the newspapers have paid surprisingly email attention, was perhaps the best known Smith of the century. Even the late W. H. of that ilk and bookstall fame had not a wider celebrity. It is no figure of speech to say that ' every schoolboy' was horribly familiar with his name owing to that awful in strument of torture the ' Principia Latina,' and to the huge series of black bound and red - edged dictionaries and Principias which ha*ve been dogs-eared and bethumbed by many a generation. But though it would any time in the last 50 years have been hard to find man or boy who couldn't tell you a good deal concerning Dr. William Smith's works it is a fact that of the man himself the public knew and knows absolutely nothing. When the veteran scholar was knighted a year ago many believed for the first time in his actual existence. It was a legend I know at school in my time that the ' William Smith' which appeared on the title-page of so many of our books was the pseudonym of a sort of syndicate of masters. That seemed more pro bable to our boyish minds than that one man could possibly have accumulated such fathom less stores of the dry- hash of knowledge. Dr. William Smith was 80 years of age when over work carried him off. He accumulated a large fortune as the fruit of bis labors and assisted his publishers to one. His books are amongst the best literary properties of the day and sell well either first or second hand. One of the best stories of schoolboy life since 'Tom Brown' is Mr. Barry Pain's 'Graeme and Cyril,' which ran through Chums as 'Two,' and ia now republiahed in a single volume, price 6s. It represents the English schools of to-day as they are, and will do lads fifty times more good than Canon Farrar's 'Eric,' in my humble opinion, a most un wholesome book. Olive Schreiner'e new book will be called ' From Man to Man,' and is said to be, broadly speaking, a study in comparative ethics of men's treatment of men and their treatment of women. If you did not read Mrs. W. K. Clifford's remarkable volume of stories, 'The Last Touches,' when it came out last December in the 6s. 7olume, be sure and buy the new and cheaper edition at 3s. 6d. Mrs. Clifford has just commenced a series of short tales for the Pall Mall Gazette. The first, entitled 'The Dominant Note,' appeared last Thursday. It is principally remarkable for an onslaught on the National Observer, which Mrs. Clifford calls a sixpenny weekly devoted to the patron age of politics and the suppression of new books. It was (she goes on) sometimes brilliant, often amusing, and occasionally dull for the simple reason that its stall could not be made to feel that anything con temporary with itself waa of the slightest imiiortance. It thought most things vulgar and the rest foolish, went for the whole tribe of minor poets, the new scnool of everything it did not itself initiate, and all philosophical works that exceeded 300 pp.' Ford Madox Brown, who died on Friday last at the age of 72, was only a degree less famous as a painter than his great pre-Raphaelite comrade, Holman Hunt. Many indeed con sider the former's genius was the greater, whilst the conceit and egoism which mark Mr. Hunt were wholly absent in Madox Brown, The latter's masterpieces were the superb series of 12 historical frescoes in Manchester Town Hall. Whilst, indeed, Cottonopolis stands Madox Brown's name can never be for gotten. Tha work occupied 20 years, and the artist only put the final touches to the lastf resco on Thursday week. He' then came home, and as Kipling would say ' went out.' The great grief of Madox. Brown's life was the death, of his only son Oliver, a youth of extraordinary pro mise, possessing a marvellous imagination. At the age of 16 he produced a wierd, gloomy sea story, in which there occurs a description of a ship on fire and cf some agonising suffer ings in an open boat without) water, which, equal in power and vividness and excel in poetry anything Clark Russell has written. 'Gabriel Denver' (as the novel was called) though published anonymously through Smith, Elder, & Co. (amongst whose two-shilling serfts you will now find it) achieved an instant suc cess, and the young author was proceeding with a weird romance, entitled ' The Dwale Bluth,' when at the age of 20 death snatched him away. Both Mr. and Mrs. Madox Brown were for jv time heart-broken, indeed neither ever wholly recovered the blow. Fortu nately they' had a daughter (older than Oliver) who married the late F. Hueffer, the Timers musical critic. His son, Ford HueflEer, now a lad of 23 or so, gratified his grand father by writing several successful volumes of fairy tales ('The Brown Owl' was one), and two years a?o perpetrated a not very brilliant novel. 'The distinguished but infamous Zola' were the uncompromising terms in which the usually broad and liberal-minded headmaster of Harrow (Rev. J.(C. Welldon) designated our Late visitor at the Church Congresslasf) Friday. The realistic school (said Mr. Welldon) was artistically false, because it started on the assumption that minute and accurate descrip tion of phenomena, however repulsive, was or could be a condition of art. It was destroying the minds and souls of the young, as he knew only too well, and be deeply regretted that the leader of such a school had re cently revived — he would not say from the Christian public — bat from a cer tain portion of the public a sort of ceremonial welcome. The great poet who wrote of 'Maiden fancies wallowing in the troughs of Zolaism,' the _ poet whose loss had unspeakably impoverished the nation, took a truer because more intolerant view of the distinguished but infamous Zola.' The feature of Andrew Lang's 'True Story-Book,' which is similar in size and get up to the famous Fairy series, is that the well-known tales of which it consists are all the work of really Bminent hands, and lessons in composition as well as in history. The boy who gets hold of the volume must be hard to please if it does not become one of his chief est treasures. Mr. Lang himself tells of 'Casanova's Escape,' 'Grace Darling,' and 'Two Great Cricket Matches.' Mr. Rider Haggard relates the ' Terrible Tale oE Ieandula,' and over 100 pages are devoted to 'Monteznma' and the conquest of Mexico. Needless to Bay the 'True Stories' are illustrated, and by the same artists who did tbe 'Blue, Red, and Green Fairy Books.' Altogether it ia an ad mirable gift) for a lad and well worth 6s. (4s. 6d. discount). In 'A Wasted Crime,' originally published as 'She Would Be My Lady,' Mr. Christie Murray tells the story of an ambitious and unscrupulous but by no means wholly bad woman, a collier's daughter, who marries a baronet's eon. The British baronet casts oS his son for ever and soon after falls ill. Thereupon the daughter-in- law disguises her self as nurse and tries to win his heart. She does eo completely, the old man discovering who she is and forgiving her. Unfortunately the woman fails to learn this until, driven to desperation by the prospect of losing her hus band's inheritance, she haa poisoned the poor old fellow. With his last breath he tells her all, and she learns that ehe has committed a wasted crime. London, October 20, 1893. With Charles Gounod, who succumbed to an apoplectic fit early in the week, a heaven-bore genius and a very great musician has passed away. He was one of the masters of the century, and his name will have a place amongst the highest. Most of us, I fear, knew him chiefly ss the composer of 'Faust,' of 'Romeo and Juliette,' and of 'Philemon et Baucis.' The sacred music, which was his chief pride, and contained his grandest effort, has never been appreciated as it ought to have been. For that kind of work he was not perhaps fortunate in his age or at any rate in his place in it. French audienceawerenob always disposed to find his highest to their liking. 'The Redemption' and 'Mors et Vita' really made their most serious impression at this side of the channel. 'Faust' is the ' East Lynne' of Italian and English opera. When in doubt the enterprising impresario in variably plays it, and can generally be sure of a full house. As mounted nowadays at Covent Garden it has become a superb spectacle. ' Romeo and Juliette' owes its popularity ia London mainly to the Prince and Princess of Wales, with whom the opera is a favorite, and who ordered it for the Scate performance this summer. 'Philemon et Baucis' Gounod him self preferred to either of his more popular operas, but (though played frequently of late before ' Cavalleria Kusticana') its music was 'caviare to the many.' Marshal MacMahon, who passed quietly away on Tuesday morning last after a long illness, borne with characteristic heroism, was a great soldier and a poor politician. He had no gift for diplomacy and very wisely directly he found France was opposed to the course which the intrigues of the Elysee had committed him to he threw up public life and his great position and retired. Time has vindicated all his motives and his final act as President of the Republic. Whenever he did ill it was because he was purposely con fused by bis intimate advisers and did nob see the drift of their advice. But once he understood their purpose he stopped, pleaded engagements, and stood upon his sense of honor and of patriotic duty. MacMahon's family were Legitimists, and though he served the Empire as a member of the Senate he was favorable to the elder branch. ~ Yes ib-*was ha- whe- said when the Comte de Chambord stood by the white flag, 'If we restore the monarchy the guns will go off of themselves.' He refused to be a party then to a restoration. Mrs. Crawford relates that on the day on which the Septehnate was voted by the Versailles Assembly the Pxince de Joinville said to General Changar nier 'We have secured a sword.' 'Yes' answered the general, 'but a wooden sword that will never draw a drop of blood or cut a gordian knot.' Like a great many of Mr. Gladstone's ap-. poiniments that of Lord Elgin to be Governor* General of India excites severe criticism. The administrative experience of the noble earl ia certainly inconsiderable. He has been chair man of the Fife County Council and of the Dunfermline Parish School Board. As a rule the holder of the third greatest appointment our Empire provides is required to possess at least a brilliant record. The Radical Prime Minister, cry the Tories, can give no better reason for promoting this— to put it mildly inexperienced young man to a most respon sible position than that he is a peer in want of a place. It is the kind of blunder no Conservative and not many Liberal statesmen dare have made. Even the most thick and thin GladstonianB cannot con tain their surprise. 'The Earl of Elgin has arrived in London from Broome Hall, Dun fermline,' read out a man at the National Liberal Club last night. ' In view of recent events,' he went on, 'it surely should be new Broome HalL' 'What will they Bay in India?' asked another. 'What wont they say?' retorted the first speaker bitterly; 'Fancy all the civil and military big wigs and native princes having to 'koo-too' to a raw know-nothing of a Seottie with nothing :' but a handle to his name to commend him to them. Really someone ought to prescribe a strong course of Kioling for the G.O.M.' Though the coal famine is at an end and * prices are falling as rapidly as they rose the - strike still continues in many parts of the; country. In Staffordshire, for example, affairs seem simply desperate. Women who will go out and beg manage somehow to stave off starvation, but the self-respecting poor — prouder far than their richer 'brethren would be in similar straits — suffer silently at home. Shocking scenes are described by relief visitors at Wolverhampton. In one house, bare of furniture, a child was found Bleeping uneasily, and when asked if it was ill tbe mother burst into tears and revealed that hunger had done its worst, and her darling was dying oi slow starvation* In another case a twelve months' old baby was found greatly emaciated in its mother's arms, and the skin seemed to hang on its bones. 'The doctor ordered brandy and milk because ke's wasting away,' Baid the mother, ' but he might as well have told me to give it sovereigns to play with. He can't eat bread, and I can't get anything to feed myself, let alone feeding the child.' Numberless children have been found who only get one meal in 24 hours, and any tallow candles left in the schoolrooms are at once surreptitiously seized on and devoured by the hungry little ones. Many of the houses have nothing in them, not even a chair, and the children, sometimes nine in number, are almost naked. Women have pawned their wedding rings in hundreds, and throughout the whole district a great cry goes up that the strike may come to an end. ' The number of young men now obtaining a University education has risen far above the number of professional careers open to them, and nothing ought to be done to stimulate further the supply of such secondary education as is preparatory for professional life.' Such was the opinion Canon Bell, headmaster of Marlborough, expressed before the gentlemen recently assembled in conference ad Oxford upon secondary education. Tne Saturday Review countenances the pronouncement in an able article in its current issue. If ever, it says, 'Mene Tekel' was written on the wall these words of Dr. Bell wrote it there and then. The crime, the blunder, and tha dangei of the present lie in the fact that the number of young men now turned out under secondary school and University education is enormously above the number of careers of any kind, pro fessional or other, which are open to them and for which they are fitted. They have re bounded from the choked professions into the 'vocations and employments,' to uae the language of those income tax papers which few of them are ever likely to receive, or to receive without groans. 'Even from the point of view of those who think that, 'the career open to talents' settles everything we believe that the thing is an utter mistake — that a really clever boy, in even very low classes, had a better chance of rising under the old system of limitation and patronage than under the new system of competition and crowd. There is an entirely different side to the question, and one of not less real importance, and the lowered value and virtue of learning even in those ' who are not exposed to these dangers as a result of its vulgarisation. But that is not) perhaps likely to appeal very much to the kind of public opinion prevalent at this or at any time. What the people of England may possibly be brought to see is that it is no use multiplying costly machinery to turn out razors when you want spades, for blunted razors make the_ very worst spades in the world ; that there is only a limited quantity of human steel that will make good human razors, and only a limited quantity of human razors wanted at all, and that when you turn out more the process is horribly cruel ethically, recklessly wasteful economically, and from the point of view of all rational politics supremely unwise.' ' Through Storm to Peace,' the autobio graphy which Mrs. Besant has been contribu ting to the Sunday Sun, will be published com plete in a single volume forthwith. The final instalment appears in the current issue (October lo;. Therein this remarkable woman confesses that when materialism began to fail her she suffered great pain. ' But here,' she says, ' as at other times of my life I dare not purchase peace with a lie. An imperious necessity forces me to speak the truth as I see it whether the speech please or displease, whether it brings praise or blame. That one loyalty to truth I must keep stjunless whatever friend ships fail me or human ties be broken. - She may lead me into the wildnernese, yet I must follow her ; she may strip me of all love, yet L must pursue her ; though she may slay me, yet will I trust in her; and I ask no other epitaph on my tomb but 'She tried to follow truth.'' For the moment Mrs. Besant is safe in tbe theosophist fold, and - she seems to imagine ehe will remain there forever. Her last words are : — 'And thus I came through Storm to Peace, not to the peace of an untroubled sea of outer life, which no strong soul can crave, but to an inner peace that outer troubles may not avail to ruffle, a peace which belongs to the eternal, not to tne transitory ; to the depths, not to the shallows of life. It earned me soathless through the terrible spring of 1891, when death struck down Charles Bradlaughin the plenitude of his usefulness, and unlocked the gateway into rest for H. P. Blavatsky. Through anxieties -and responsibilities, heavy and. numerous, it has borne me ; every strain makes it stronger; every trial makes it sereener ; every assault leaves it more radiant. Quiet confidence has taken the place of doubt ; a strong security the place of anxious dread. In lile, through death to life, I am but the servant of the Great Brotherhood, and those on whose heads but for a moment the touch of the Master has rested in blessing can never again look upon tbe world save through eyes made luminous with the radiance of the Eternal Peace.' -Unless Mrs. Besant stultified her past record completely nothing can be more certain than that the half-way house of theosophy won't satisfy her long. For one thing she has no leader, and Annie Besant cannot do without one. Charles Bradlaugh was the support of her materialism, and had there been no H. P. Blavatsky she would never have become a neo-theosopbist. Mrs. Besant has so far evidently been unfortunate in the clerics she has met. Sometime in the future, however, one of those priests whose subtle resistless influence makes them such mighty factors for good, and occasionally also for evil, may meet her. The spirit of restless investi gation which she calls the ' desire for truth' will then again become clamorous, and Mrs. Besant will fulfil the' prediction of the friends who prophesy 'she will end a devout Roman Catholic.' Mr. E. D. Fawcett, whose vivid imaginative effort, 'Hartmann, the Anarchist,' has just been published by Edward Arnold in a 3s. 6d. volume, is a very creditable disciple of Jules Verne. Those who read the English Illustrated Magazine this year, or even glanced through the pictures, will not need reminding ot the dfory of the construction and career of the marvellous flying ironclad.' Mr. Fawcett has been most fortunate in his illustrator. The picture of this blighting monster shellinzthe doomed city of London with impunity from above and circling around like a huge bird, and from time to time pouring down thousands of gallons of blazing petroleum on the shriek ing inhabitants, lingers tenaciously in the memory. I do not advise placing ' Hartmann the Anarchist' in the hands of sensitive women or children, but it ought not to hurt a robust lad more than the adventures of Verne's 'Captain Hatteras.' 'Miss Stuart's Legacy,' by Mrs. Flora Annie Steele, is a novel of Indian life, cover ing ground untouched on by either Kipling or Mrs. Croker or Judge Cunningham. Mrs. Steele has lived twenty years in India, where ' her husband is a Civil servant, and she pos sesses a sympathetic knowledge of the natives, far truer and more thorough, Ishonld imagine, than the great Rudyard's, but she has not his gift of picturesque language. The native scenes and characters in 'Mies Stuart's Legacy' are, nevertheless, all excellent. Belle Stuart herself, I confess, is too complex for my masculine understanding. Her hyper sensitire,' hyper-subtle feelings make her till the final chapter, when she suddenly becomes sensible, an exasperating hussy. The plot of ' Miss dtuart's Legacy' has nothing specially new about it. That young lady, coming out to India at IS, finds the widowed father she had hoped to be ' all in all ' to married again to a vulgar but well-meaning woman with grown-up daughters of her own. Colonel Stuart is a thorough old 'rip'— -drinking,- gambling, and eating opium, but he manages to conceal most of bis weaknesses from Belle, who idealises her parent. Nevertheless the girl would have been in a poor way soon bull for two lovers — John Raby and Major Mars den. The latter she favors, and is on the verge of accepting when her father dies, and some of his peccadilloes leaking out Raby manages to make it appear that Marsden exposed them. Belle furiously refuses to listen to ex planations and sends baok Marsden's letters unopened, &» regiment) is . then nea* , fcthe front. Before the major goes he makes . » wiJI leaving Belle £30,000. In due oourse . jtfarsden is reported missing, and Raby, who , Arew, up the ?will, proposes to and marries Mies Stuart, hurrying her away before the bad news reaches her. At the close of the honey moon Bella Baby hears of the najor's death and legacy. She angrily re fuses to accept a farthing from her lather's tradueer. Raby has then to tell the truth- So far from libelling the deceased colonel, Marsden had out of hie own pocket made .good numberless defalca tionB, and shielded the old man's, memory in many ways. ' 'Shortly ' after, this Mareden comes to life attain, 'and Belle, mistaking him for his ghost, flings herself into his arms. This is bad enough,, but ' Raby has invested the legacy -*. in an . indigo plantation, eo it cannot be givpn back. Poor', Belle Buffers agonies, betwixt- -love and pride, and treats Marsden . abominalily.:' most' readers will think. .TJMmatelv, -when fate land a native rumpus -remove -*he inconvenient husband, Belle refuses to, have anything to say to her faithful lover. £-even years later ..the major cornea to England to find Mrs. lUby absorbed in the, work of a children's hospital, of which she is' superintendent. She offers at last to give the wprk , all' tip and return to India and the regiment with him as his wife, but Marsden declines the sacrifice. 'Marriage,' he says, 'as I take it, is for young people, and what they call love is the bribe held out .by Nature to induce her thoughtless children to undertake a difficult duty. Let us remain as we are.' So the book ends without' 9 wedding. 