GOOD WORDS. Of all acts in man, repentance is the most divine.—Carlyle. Man with his little life reaches upwards, high.as heaven; downwards, low as hell ; and in his threescore years holds an eter nity fearfully and wonderfully hidden.— Carlyle. The stars rule men, but God rules the stars.—John de Plancy. We muBt look through the shows of things into things.—Mahomet. When Mahomet. lost his daughter, he answered—" The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away ; blessed be the name of the Lord." The enjoyments of this life are tran sient ; the future life is the real treasure for those who fear God.—Mahomet. Fly from those who revile religion, till they change their discourse.—Mahomet. Crime grows beautiful in the sight of the wicked.—Mahomet. No man living has higher notions of the divine omnipotence, nor carries them further than I do. — Lord Bolingbroke. Examples of error show how little the greatest, hoVr absurd the wisest, how ignorant the most learned of men become when they presume to push beyond the bounds that God has set to human enqui ries.—Lord Bolingbroke. For my own part I am fully persuaded that there is a Supreme Being, the foun tain of all existence, by the efficacy of whose will the whole universe was made, and is governed, as well as preserved ; in a word, who is the efficient cause of all things, and on whom all his creatures de pend.—Lord Bolingbroke. I live, but with no life of mine, and long towards a life so high. I die because I do not die.—St. Theresa. Rise above time and space, and thou canst be at any moment in eternity. The spirit sports with time ; can crowd eternity into an hour, or stretch an hour to eternity. God is to be obtained by him who maketh God alone the object of his works. Scepticism is not the joyful mother of children ; she is barren. Restlessness is her step-mother, hopelessness and misery dwell in her abode. St. Martin, of Tours, speaking of ghosts in general, said—"I do not believe that spirits who have once quitted the earth return to it; but I believe some do not quit it." No mind, whether Aristotle, Archemi des, or any other under the heavens, was equal to Augustine.—. Jansenius. 