LITERARY GOSSIP. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, November 23,1892. Miss Adeline Sergeant says that the bulk of her gruesome but powerful "Story of a Penitent Soul" was written in ten days in a Iodginghouse on the cliffs at st Andrews. It lias attracted maze attention than anything she has dona since " No Saint." In "Don Orsino" Mr. Marion Craw- ford brings the history of the Saracinesca family up to the present time. Don Orsino is the son of Sant Ilario and the beautiful Corona, and a typical young Roman of to-day. A mysterious beauty, one Consuel D'Aranzuez, whom he meets at the studio of Gonache (now a famous painter) dazzles and fascinates him, Only the melancholy Specca knows who she is, and with a splendid but perverted fidelity to a woman who never cared for him, the veteran spoils two lives rather than tell and break his word to her. Orsino's unfortunate love for Consuelo is the subject of one-half the story, and Orsino's unlucky building speculations fill up the other half. Through the latter the young man falls into the hands of his father's old enemy, Don Ugo de Ferice, now a rich banker. Donna Tullia, his wife, you may remember, dies in lie course of voL 2, and Consuelo ulti mately rescues Orsino from Da Ferice's toils by marrying the old man. What the author fails altogether to make us understand is why Orsino prefers to be a puppet in De Ferice's hands rather than confess his situation to his enor mously wealthy father or grandfather, either of whom could have released him without feeling it. "Don Orsino " does not interest one like " Saracinesca " did, but everything Marion Crawford writes is readable. Mr. James Payn's novel, " A Stumble on the Threshold," written for the Queen newspaper, and published in two volumes by the proprietor, is a very slight story ov University life and quite unworthy ?I"' tJirt author's reputation. Onecanreadit,oJ? course, because such a skilled scribe at Mr. Payn cannot be absolutely dull. Trivial, however, he does manage tt be, very trivial. You feel he has taken no trouble to arrange anything save tho central incident, and otherwise allowed the story to dribble along any« how as he wrote. What little plot there is deals with Walter Blythe's rather bare faced attempt to win the affections of his friend Gray's fiancee. A quarrel takes place ibetween the two men, shortly after which. Blythe is found murdered. Cir cumstances naturally point to Gray as fcha crimimai, and but for the efforts of his two 'Varsity friends to elucidate the truth things might have gone very wrong with him. Of course, however, Mr. Payn takes care to clear up the little mystery in the nick of time. ".A, Stumble on the Threshold" is a sorry piece of work. The .Dean of Rochester's " Memories" was hardly published before it became the book of the hour. No more attzac tively-wxitten volume has appeared educe poor Montagu Williams's "Reminis cences." Dr. Hole, besides being a great authority- on roses, bears the reputation of possessing the largest fund of anecdote and table talk of any cleric in Great Britain. Moreover his numniw of telling a story is perfect, giving freshness and point to even the direst "cheannt," lib is the dean's chatty and friendly styla -which matron the "Memories" bo de lightful to per.ttse. I should say the book was specially well suited for reading alosd in a grown-up Lunily circle. Dr. Conan Doyle, lecturing on "Geore* Meredith," recently remarked that "If statistics could b? taken in the various free libraries of the kingdom to prove the comparative popularity of novelists with the public, Meredith would come out very low indeed. If on the othei hand a number of authors were called on to say which of their fellow- craftsmen they considered the greatest and most stimulating, I am quite confident Mr. Meredith would have a vast prepon* derance of votes." This is quite tame of the younger generation of up-to-date authors, the Conan Doyle, J. M. Barrie, W. E. Henley, and Speaker earn National Observer crowd ; I know their creed. Zb is to worship Meredith, Hardy, and Kipling, to depreciate Baring Gould, Black, and Hall Came, and to scoff with exceeding bitterness at George R. Simn But to tell the truth I am not dippnead to accept these young gentlemen's dicta on fiction unquestioningly, I readily «Jmit Meredith's cleverness, but lam not there fore disposed to gird at the public like Dr. Doyle for not appreciating tnm Whan an author erects a zareba round his 6tory which the reader has to force, when bis style is involved and his mpaningn ea wrapt up in metaphor as to be constantly puzzling and often downright obscure, who can blame the average Philistine for declining to tantalise liirr??lf with such a man's work. *' Lord Wastwater," by Sydney Bolton, is the story of a nobleman who commits a murder out of sheer ennui. He has tried both work and pleasure in every form, and been bored to extinction, or rather till the idea of extinction becomes fascinating. In order to get some little sensation out of his own death Lord Wastwater resolves to rid the world of a wealthy Jew, whose execution will benefit a friend of his and injure nobody. He successfully carries this notable plan out, assisting the police with something alriw to enjoyable excitement to hunt the murderer down. Eventually a detective gets the right cine, and Wastwater is arrested and tried. He defends Hmggif, however, with such brilliance that an acquittal seems inevitable. Unfortunately a confession which the accused has written to the woman he too late learnt to love is at this crisis handed to the Crown, by her brother. The latter admits steal ing it, but Wastwater sees the game is up and cynically avows his guilt and tits why and wherefore thereof. THr lord ship is promptly condemned to death and duly hanged. Mr. Bolton tells this* story, of course, in the form of a mystery, but the reader whom he succeeds in mystifying must have small experience of "shockers." At first I thought Hie author had bit on & really novel and original idea of moving his blase' hero though innocent enmesh hm?i?lf for tbsi sake of excitement in a web of circum stantial evidence. He would rely ait certain witnesses revealing the truth att the proper moment, but these witnesses would be tampered with and fail him at the trial, and the true murderer be discovered only just in time to save Wastwater from the gallows. With all due deference to Mr. Bolton I think this would have made a more interesting plot. Miss Rhoda Broughton easily maintain^ her supremacy in the peculiar school of fiction she invented. She has. shoals of imitators—especially amongst the sprightly scribblers who supply the Family Herald with love stories—but no> absolute equal. Many women' I know profess to consider Mrs. Hungerford as good, but her tales are emphatically feminine fodder. "Mrs. Bligh" is a> slight one-volume novel, written in the most accentuated " Broughtonese" or' " Broughtonesque." The heroine, at comely well-tojdo widow of thirty, has fallen deeply in love with an elderly' artist, or rather sculptor, one, Sir Robert Coke. He likes her too, immensely, and their friendship 6eems just merging; into autumnal love naHng when* a young and lovely girl of just 17, Pamela. Cuphill Smith, appears on the scene. Sir- Robert admires Pamelaopenly, and is wild, to get her to sit to him, and the girl en thusiastically worships the great sculptor. Mrs. bligh sees miserably what wOl happen, and again and again Providence* gives her opportunities of preventing it. But because she loves Sir Etobert herself the widow mistrusts her judgment and cannot decide the right thing to do. But whatever happens she resolves she won't .bo mean. So Mrs. Bligh persuaded Pamela to at to Sir Robert, and when presently the girl comes, as the widow always foresaw she would, to announce her engagement to the sculptor the poor woman heroically cloaks her misery and congratulates her heartily. Then she goes away abroad to travel and forget. BufcthingscomerightafteralL Pamelaand Sir Robert are not the least bit in We. After Pamela's statue is finished they tire of each other, and when Mrs. Bligh, weary of the Continent, returns home she finds the engagement was long ago broken, and that Pamela is on the verge of marriage with some one else. The story closes with the resumption of the old cordial friendship between Mrs. Bligh and the sculptor. "Mrs. Bligh" contains a gallery of character sketches all firmly drawn, and some of them admirable. The Mulholland family are essentially Broughtonesque, from Susie and the boys to the silly, vain, and grossly selfish father "Czar" (as his womankind call him), whose wife and children cheerfully deny themselves essentials in order that he may have every luxury that takes his fancy. "Mrs. Bligh " is published in Bentiey's Favorite series. At Bentley's Trade Dinner the subscrip tions for Mrs. Henry Wood's novels were quite up to the averages of previous years. It should, however, be remembered they are now 3s. 6d. each instead of 65., as they were till 1890. Of the favorite (Green) series the largest subscriptions were for Miss Carey's novels. Mies Marie Gorelli's and Mrs. Alexander's works also appeared in healthy demand, but Major Eawley Smart and Miss Fothergill seemed on the down grade. The con tinued appetite for Mrs. Wood confounds one, as a round dozen of contemporary novelists could be named who write the same sort of homely " piffle" better. I except from this criticism "East Lynne" and "The Channings," though the latter is really much the same sort of boys' book as Mr. Manville Fenn turns out in dozens. " The Cuckoo in the Nesf' has prove/I the most successful novel Mrs. Oliphant has written for years. It is now in its fourth edition, and reading so well that a fifth may be called for ere it descends to the 6s. level. Mudie has withdrawn Major Le Caron's "•Reminiscences" fromcirculation pending the result of the libel action brought against the ex-secret service agent and his publisher by Mr. J. J. O'Kelly and Mr. Sexton. It is not expected either of bhese cases will be persevored with. The desire of the Irish party is sijuply to, as far as may be, spoil the sale of their snemy's book. Persuading Mr. Mudie to withdraw it was a great stroke to begin with.' Provincial libraries will all follow suit, and booksellers refuse to sell it. The four publishers who declined Ije Caron's work were not after all such fools as at first sight they appeared to be. The firms, for one thiug, scented the likelihood of libel, and for another did not care about associating themselvus with the ex-spy and provoking the hostility of the Irish party. By-the-way? it will be remembered that in questioning Mr. Parnell and other Irish members •concern ing the secret service agent, Sir Charles Russell invariably referred to Le Caron as " Thomas Beach" or "the man Beach." Thus, he would ask, "Do you know a man named Thomas Beach I" " Have you associated with the nian Beach ¥' All the Irish friends of the spy, knowing him not as Beach, but as Major Henri Le Caron or Dr. Le Caron, the witnesses were able with easy consciences (we'll hope) to swear they knew nothing of Beach, nor had they ever associated with a man of that name. Le Caron explained this in an interview the other day. I think my self the importance of Pamell's revolu tionary remarks to Le Caron are absurdly over-rated both by friends and enemies. Parnell believed La Caron to be one of the mouthing revolutionists in the States whose energy expends itself in threats of violence and in collecting funds. Because he wanted the money Parnell talked to the little man as he believed he would like to be talked to. It all meant nothing, of course, but Le Caron was greatly excited and posted - off there and then to the Home Office and Mr. Anderson, to whom within an hour of its taking place he had repeated the entire conversation. There were recently published three volumes, of short stories of exceptional merit. One of them, indeed (Mrs. W. K. Clifford's "The Last Touches") would have made its author's name even had 6he never written anything else. As things are the volume will enhance and crystallise her reputation. Several of the stories 1 consider quite equal to ''Aunt Anne." .A vein of scarcely pessimism but sadness Tuns through them all, though in the best it is relieved by the author's delightful sense of humor. This is specially ap parent in "Thomas," the story of a little errand boy, who at the mature age of 12 falls in love with his mistress's small daughter. He goes to Australia, and for 18 years nothing is heard of him. Then, one fine morning, a Dr. Miller calls on Mrs. Standing to ask permission to pay his addresses to her daughter, whom he has recently met in Rome. ''I am Thomas," he said simply. "I used to clean your knives and boots, and you bought my mother a mangle. I never forgot your kindness. I have often longed to see you and thank you." Mrs. Standing's conflicting feelings throughout the interview which followed are deliciously described, but of course Thomas triumphs. " A Ridicu lous Tragedy" is also, as the name implies, comically pathetic. Einmeline King, a little governess, who has been heartlessly jilted, allows herself to be con soled by an elderly Italian count, a friend of Mazzini's, " with a sadness in his voice exquisitely soothing." Emmeline reflects that to be a countess and an old man's darling will be something. Dal Mezzio is & widower, and not rich, so they will of course live a very quiet, peaceful life in his little villa near Couio. Consequently when with a long sigh the count says, " I am alone, and I lofe you," Euimeline capitulates. On the second day of the honeymoon Dal Mezzio becomes sudd only very sad. " I fear you will not lofe me any more, my Emmeline. I have deceived you. When I married I said nothing to you about my daughter—my little daughter." Emmeline consoles her husband and pro mises to be a mother to the little girL iJext day he again becomes sad, and the same miniature comedy is enacted. "I fear you will not lofe me any more my Emmeline." This time 'tis a boy he pleads guilty to.' On the third day twins crop up. Ultimately, after many sighs and .repentances, Einmeline discovers the Ipnely and {disconsolate one has five children. "Oh, are there any mo-/'j?" sfce gasped. "Xif 38 ' my lofe>" he f-aid' " the?e are moce-" " Tell me how n rmy,' she entreated ; " let me knowho' g many bhere are altogether, and I will r^are for them and work for them though bhere are fifty, Kit I mv^ know bow many there au«." 13.c stooped and solemnly kissed her forehead. " Oh ! Emmeline,"he sakl,^' * You are an angel, and there are seven." ' •* The Last Scene in the Play" contain, the materials for a three volume novel, and is written with genuine tragic pow> &•;. In the bed room of a lonely half-rui' u\& chalet amidst the pine woods on the' f ji'ie?of an Alpine mountain a nisa and' «ronn.'n (husband and wife) are hid,insr from Justice. As the wind moans drearily round the rickety building tb^ agonised woman, who has only just, learned the ghastly truth, and her sombre husband, dis cuss their feelir^s, the situation, and the probabilities 'of escape. Three years before 'iKe man's all-absosrbing passion for tbje woman on the bed in duced him to poison his wife. Did she love him }; Yes, that was the worst of it. CoulcV he ever forget her trnsting eyes following him about the room. The crime was clumsily committed and sus picion area sed, but thanks to the doctor (his brotlwr), who screened him it blew over. Recently, however, a brother of her* had returned from abroad and nw.de enquiries, got the body exh.ur.oerd, and found out the truth. The police surround the chalet as the yair are talking and the man resolves not to be taken alive. "He kis:K*l her, and in that last kiss there sw'fiipt over him the sudden knowledge thai here they parted ; that in any life to come they Vould be together no more. Already space seemed to be wrenching them apart, and clearly before his eyes he , saw the loneliness of eternity. His heart grew cold, but he made no sign. 'You forgive, my d*rling, I know that,' he said; and then composure and cool ness came back to serve him to the end." The wife bars the way to the police till she hears a shot and a heavy falL " You ci'ji enter ; there is only a dead man there-," she said, and fell sense less across the doorway. Besides this '* Last Scene," " A Sad Comedy" and "A Sorry Love Story" are infinitely pathetic. The tale I like least, perhaps because it i? the most cynical, is the one which gives a name to the volume, "The Last Touches." The unwieldy size in which it has please Mr. Geo. JSewnes to bring out *'The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" will certainly militate against the sale of Mr. Conan Doyle's otherwise attractive volume. A big heavy book like this is a nuisance to hold and terribly in the way anywhere save at home and on a reading stand. Nevertheless those who can put up with its size and did not read Mr. Doyle's stories as they came out in the StrauL magazine have a treat be fore them. Where all are so ingenious it is hardly necessary to distinguish, but I may mention " The Red-Headed League" was founded on fact. The bases of Mr. Doyle's plots are indeed seldom absolutely new. It is the way he manipulates them and works his ideas out that renders them bo fascinating. For wrapping up a comparatively ordinary incident, such as an elopement, say, and making it a mystery seemingly impenetrable, he has no equal. "The Noble Bachelor" is one sample of this talent, and " The Beryl Coronet" is an other. "God's Fool," the remarkable novel by Maarten Maartens, which has been running through Temple Bar, is now out in three volumes, and confirms the im pression of the author's talent which his first book, "The Sin of Jaast Aveling," aroused, but which "An Old Maid's Secret," and especially "A>Question of Taste," scarcely satisfied. "God's fool" is the Dutch name for the person we should term " a natural" or "a softy." To enlist the reader's interest in a "God's fool," and to paint a deaf and half-witted man as an entirely lovable and beautiful character was no easy task. Mr. Maartens has accomplished it. His plot is very simple. Old Valderdoes, father of the "God's fool," Elias, leaves him an enormous fortune. His two step-brothers, who (most unjustly) derive no interest from their father's will, are the trustees. One of them, Hendrik, is dishonest, and speculates with Elias's money and loses it. His brother Hubert, when he discovers the crime and fails to persuade him to repentance and restitu tion, Villa Hendrik. Elias, blind and deaf, is in the room at the fame the crime takes place, and everybody naturally supposes the "God's fool" the murderer. He himself has just reasoning powers enough to under stand he must keep Hubert's secret and sacrifice himself for the good of every body. The story ends with Elias saying to Hubert, " I wish you had spoken to me and told me you had done it and were sorry." He threw back the long curls from his face and straightened his stately figure, and then, resuming immediately unconsciously the slight stoop of his blind ness, he walked across the room with even step and opening the door and softly closing it behind him went down to meet his judges. We are not told what be comes of Elias, but the author leaves us to suppose he is locked up for life in an asylum, and that Hubert works out an expiation of some sort. I doubt myself whether Mr. Stead's Chicago Exhibition Christmas number of the Review of Reviews will hit the public taste as his "Real Ghost Stories" did. So far the majority of English folk have taken little or no interest in the World's Fair. If it were going to be get-at-able we might feel different on the subject. Nothing, however, seems more certain than that the Western hotel and lodging house-keepers look forward to nine months of unlimited plunder and extor tion, and that only wealthy folk ready and willing to be fleeced dare contemplate an American tour. The publication of Stevenson's " Beach of Falesa" has been postponed a twelve month in order that it may not interfere with "A Footnote to History," which sells but slowly. On the other hand the sixteenth edition (a thousand each) of " The Wrecker" is just announced. Colonel W. L. Alden, the new American humorist recently introduced to the English public by the editors of the Idler, is a tall venerable old man, with white hair and gold spectacles, who looks the reverse of frivolous. 