Was it a Giiost 1 liey Saw ? Mrs. H. H. JfcNNlNusliveaatNo. 211, Maio Street, Bridgeport, and Mi** Mionie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, hut in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women looked all the doors aod went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house They left the gas burning, how ever, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven thev returned, and entered the house laughiog and talking. But as they went -uto the parlour the merry humour diid out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dnk man of gigantic stature. The upper part of bin face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyehol s in U. His shirtsleves wer« rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, oldfashiooed pistol. The women flod screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no ope in the pirlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? 41 During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, ' I had slept bad for several successive nights. On, the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud denly aroused from u doze by ichat xee\ned like the calling of my nam? ; and i«t tlie foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five year* before, a* she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed iu a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of i*, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Yet I did, aod am in perfcct health now, I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for Pve never aeeo it eince, and it's more than three years ago now.*' No doubt it was the nerves. W hy, there's 00 end to the tricks the nerves will play ofi' on you when vour system is out of condition. In March, 1690, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdowo, Hants, wrote us as follows 11 / tea* so dreadfully nervous 1 could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not w ah then* far away io case 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1889' I slept very badly, and to the morning felt little the better for having gooe to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, aod the stomach And bowels felt cold aod dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor euid i e didn't know what my complaiut was. 1 took oothlug but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my ttoinach. By thU time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My ho&d; ached ?o dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get bettor, 44 1 had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, ot Bourkemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother 6elgel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have to much faith in this medicine, I tried It, and in three days I was able to walk Across the toom, and by the end of a week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The origioal cause was grief and eiook at the violent death of her husband, by aooident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup bad given new vigour to the diges- tion and thus fed and tonod the nervos, ? Whatever tuay bu your opinion of tho Bridge-port ghost, it remains true that most Uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a sot of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyppophia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees themi nnd wheu Mother Scigcl's Syrup does its work the eyea and ears i-utertii*i ouly what is natural *nd wholesome. 