Lucid Intervals. The frantic efforts of th.0 present Ministry to bring their rovenue up to ex penditure has produced so many and various proposals to this end that I am forcibly reminded of a story that was pleasantly wafted to my ears from the Back Blocks. A very great and important magnato was heing driven through the wilds by our jovial and rubicund friend Totts when the subject of nationality came upon the fqpij. Says V. O. Mag, "Now, Mr Totts, my father was a Scotchman, my mother a Welshwoman and I was born in England. W hat am I ?" " Wull, zur," replied Totts judicially, " I should think you wos a thorough-bred mongrel !" Tableau ! ! Our 'Retrenchment' two-in-hand has been harnessed to the East Devon Parlia mentary chariot once more. A crowd of five sober-minded and sub stantial-bodied citizens met our worthy Chief Magistrate at the local Public Buildings at 4 p.m precisely on Wednes day last and cueeted to the echo the announcement that Messrs Henry and Murray were returned. Mr Henry has declared he will retrench everything that shows its bead above the public horizon ; and Mr M. says he will do also and more so. We are looking forward to a retrench ment in the nohle hirsute appendage to which our worthy Senior holds on for sup port when agitating the House with his resistless and fiery eloquence. Our Junior Memher has also under serious considera- tl«s relentless retrenchment m the use of cutting repartee at political meetings. His late chairman will doubles® assist him in formulating a scheme, which renders un necessary the repetition of the 'Hamlet's father's ghost' business. Since our rural prize politician from the depth of Sassafras had the wings of his beandless ambition dipt by a peremptory refusal of permission to rule the destinies, gubernatcrially, of! this debt-ridden colony on the salary of £50 per annum, with the monopoly of a free run. for his goats iui the Queen's domain, no fresh aspirant has arisen to dispense the hospitalities of Government House on nothing a year; but' our bosom friend 'Arris . has confidingly suggested that tenders be called for the position, and he has sent us au outline of advertisement, which we insert without prejudice:— COLONY OF TASMANIA. Tendeis are invited up to June 30, 1894, for position of Governor of this salubrious Colony. Applicant must ho wealthy and generous- Must, he able to sign his own bauio and speak intelligently. Must not leave Hobart for more than a day at a time. Must advertise the Colony and call it the Gem of the Southern Seas- A'good title and reference imperatively necessary. One fresh from England preferred. A 'premium required. No perquisites allowed. Must bring along his own uniform. A comfortable home. This ought to fetch the early Earls and Counts of much account with a vengeance ! The halo-sui rounded vice-royal cloak of Government House ought to prove a goodly means of income to our impecu nious Treasury; and our Governor would then cost the colony what most of them, are worth. Apropos of the present depression a 'commercial' recently dropped down upon a township not a hundred miles away with samples, which he proceeded to exhibit. The horrified storekeeper protested he would not, could not-, should not look at them, for said ho, " There's nothing doing." ' But," plbaded the pOor bummor," do let me unpack, for I hare not seen theai my- solf for three weeks." At an election time in Victoria some years ago, some wags nominated a stutter ing town-crier in opposition to. an un popular candidate. A very crowded public meeting ensued on behalf of the T.C., in anticipation of rich fun- One form of question asked was, ' Would yon. Mr T., be in irvouv of taxing land in the planet Mars ?' Quuth T.C., '' W-w-w-ell, I sh-should offer n-no oh-hjection i-if th-tho g-gentloinau who asks the q-questiou w- would undertake t-to eol-l-lect it! 'Arris's cousin is newly arrived from England and is going to .-ettle. As he was advised'-to purchase a good bush horse, ho wrote to his agent instructing him to pur chase a ' wood ' horse, and was astounded to receive a reply stating that as the people in his district bought their wood cut up he would have to get one constructed for him ! Now he can't see wlieie the laugh comes in. The comparative dearth of opposition at the coming elections is causing considerable mourning among the hostelries. As host Blank says, with some degree of severity, 'What's the good of the hloomin' Parley- mont if it don't help a fellow to a honest living ?' " What indeed ?" We have been informed, on questionable authority, that the Chamber of Commerce may approach tho Government with a view to have the unused railway line to the wharf asphalted for tho convenience of pedestrians who prefer a ' short cut-.' The cricket match with Abbotsham eventuated in a 'Sham team heing beaten. MERSEY. 