The Storyteller. THE H0USE_0NTHE MAESH. I CHAPTER XIX. I (Continued.) I ' Oli, uiisn,' eaid she, as I stopped forward I to go through, ' suppose Mr. Ray nor was in I tbero ?' I ' Bat Mr Royner is in London ' returned I I, lanjrhine. I - Ab, yes, miss ! But ho do como back I that sudden sometimes be might bo n ghost. I Of course it's nil right for you, miss; but, I if be was to know I'd been in (hero, ob, miss, I 1 should die o' fright ! When bo's, angry he I just f peaks fit to cut yor head (if.' I I laughed at Juno's fr-am, anil pushed open I the door, not without difficulty, for it was very I heavy ard Jane's conrago having evaporated IbIio daroil not help me. My (colh chattered I ns I went through this pnss it was so cold ; I »nd what was my surprise to find, when I I got to the end, lunt the winHow bnd been left I open on this chilly and wet October evening. II took llio libnrty ofuhntting it, nnd, return ? inp to tho driatinp-rooin door, 1 topped ? floftly it it. I could bear Hai'k'p'H voioo, I hut I could not hear what «1ir nnid, and Mrs. I Rnyner sohbiDg nnd calling her by namo. I I went in sofdy, nil:! with n sbrick the mulbar letartoil up Irom her I; noes ; she I mil boon on Btho iloor tmeide llw bed. Ilniduo know me, Ithongli lior cheeks were flushed and her eyes ? bright with fovor, and sho wandered in her ? talk. I I eat on the bed and tried to make her lio lilown nnd keep tha clothes over her, for the ? room wan as cold as the corridor. Mrs. Ilisyner was clinging to the rail nt tho bottom lof tho little bed and watching me with eyes Ins glittering ns the child's. I felt jast a Ilittlo tremor of fear. Had I trnstcd my sol I lal one with a sick child and a madwoman on Ithe vorgo of an outbreak of fury? Her ?lioaom heaved and her hands clutched the Irail tightly as she said— I ' What right hove you to como here ? Are lyou not sntif nnd warm upstairs in your Itnrret? Why must you como and exult lover ma 1 You were wclcomo to my husband. ?Then you took my child. Oanyou not spare ?her to mo now she is dying ?' I I hud beard that ono moat talk to mod Ipeople as if or.o thought them sane ; no 1 Hsaid — I 'Notdyin.?, Mrs Ilayncr ; don't say tlinr.. If camo down just to seo if I could bo of any Hiiro. Why don't you tnko hor into yonr wwn room I It is to cold in here. And Itronldn't it bo belter to send in for Doctor ?MaitUnri ? Oh, I forgot. He i« awoy But Iron might send Sam to Beaconsburgh for Dr. ?CjOWO.' I Her manner changed. As she looked at Ino, all the onger, all the little gust of llefiancn fndrd out of her great eyes, and she lei I to sobbing and whispering— H ' I dare not — I dare not I' I 'May I toko her into your room, Mrs. Hlayner V ? ? No.ro.' I 'Then, if yon will allow me, I will take lier up into mine. Yon won't mind her Hieing so far Irom you, if you know it is I'Ctlor for her, will you V said I persuasively. H ' It is so brautiiully warm up there that, it won't matter if she throws the clothes off bar, Hs she can't help, doing, poor little thing ; Hnd I'll wrap her up well, ko that she shall Hot take cold on the way.' H Mrs. Unynor s1 tired at mo holplossly. H ' Will you dnra 1' she asked roarfnlly. H ' Certainly, with your permission.' H 'You know very well that inv permission ?i nothing,' robbed film. H 'And I don't wondor, yon poor spirit* Hiss thing 1' I thought to myself. But H wa3 rery sorry for her ; and I asked if Hie would like to havo my room for tho Hight to be near her child H Bat r1-,o waa frightouod at the idea ; so I ? rapped tho child up wull into n blanket, ?linking J would put her in my own hod ?}til her littlo ono could bo takou up- stuirs, ? was ruther fiightouod mysolf nt the thought, ? giving «uob an order to the awful Surah, Hid, jtiKi ns I was debuting with mysnlf ?hottiur hIiq would bo likoly to obey it, she ?iterad tho rorm. I attacked hor at onco. ? ' Sarah, I wont you to bring Mins Hni'lco's ?id up into my room, if yon ploaBe. This is ?o cold for bar. Jane can help you, if it is HJiavy.' ? Sho; soemod not to bo quito suro whether to ?' insolent or RubmiBiiivo. Sho decided for ?o fotmer. . : ' ?J' And by whnt nuthority, mis?, do you give HJders for moving about tho furniture ? HJ* Your inistress* wishes it to be done.' HJ'My niistrcFs ? And , pray who is that ? ??- I I4 Yon know Mrs. Bayner.' - I' And is that all tho authority you have r No,' said I boldly ; ' more than that— p. llayner'sl' ' . iTho women both started, and Sarah took I tho bed and without a word went out of 13 room. Ituraod lo Mrs Rayner. f Don') bo alarmod about Haidoo.' 1 said litly.. ' I'll take great caro of hor. And, if la will just give your conRent, T will send I a doctor on my own responsibility.' Illis poor thing stooped and kissed ono of li hands I held round bar child, I Heaven bless you Miss. Ohrisliel' sho l.nnnrod ; nnd tnrning away, she sink down |-n tho empty spaco whore tho bed bad been, II burst into a flood of tears. »ho would not liston to tho few in lerent words I said to comfort hor; I 1 was obliged to leave tbo room Ih teats in my eyes, and carry my lie patient upstairs. I could not go very I:, for the burden was rather heavy for a lill woman liko me : and bv thatimn I ant ?stairs the bod was readj and Sarah bad lippcared. llnd now how to get a doctor ? For I was Iously alarmod about the child. To ex it any moro help from Sarah was out of ? question, I went down to the nursery, led Jane, who was just going to bed, and led her where Sam slopt. lln tho village,' said sho. lloboby slept at tho stablos now that Mr. I'ner was away, except the old gardener, I' would certainly noter roach Beavonsburgh ?iro daybreak if I sent him out at nine lick at night. Jtino wos too young* to be I: all that way nlono at night, tho cook ton I Thore was only one thing to be dono j lust go myself. ?Go aud ask cook, if sho is not asleep, to I me her big round wat*r proof cloak, Jane,' ? I, ' and bring mo one of Mill Haidce's Shetland ceils.' She ran away, nftonished, to fetch them ; nud then, seeing that I was in earnest, she helped quickly and well to make mo as like a middle-aged countrywoman as poesiblo ly hnttocinp, my cloak, fastening a garden-hat round my hend like a poke-bonnet, nnd nttnehing ray veil tn it. Then she tied np my umbrella like a mnrkot-woman'o, and let me out, giggling a little at my appearance, but promising faithfully not to leave Hoideo till my return, and to 'stand up to Sally* if kIio interfered. [To be continued.] 