-who DI? IT ? A STORY LN FOUR CHAPTERS. Br H. F. ABrLL. CHAPTER IIm. With the first gleam of daylight, Dick Ottery slipped out of the house and went down to the scene of the suspected murder, to search for some clue which might lead to some detection of the crime. He found the watch, as he had expected. It was lying on the floor at some distance, shattered. It had stopped at a quarter past two, and Dick gave a sigh of relief, for he knew, as would every body else that at that moment he was engaged in the cricket feld, and that, therefore, whatever suspicio. might be coupled with his name would be cleared, unless it shou.d be shown, upon examination of the watch, that its works were unbroken and that it had stopped in thle usual course. The book which the poor old gentle man had been reading, an ancient copy of Camden's Britannia, was stiL open on the table, and his spectacles lay upon it, as if he had paused in his reading to meditate. On the floor lay his hit and his stick. Dick knew the stick well-a plain cane with no knob or hook with which a deed of blood could hae been committed. He examined the roomn, peered into the rat holes, in the flooring, sci-utiniscd the soil ohtside for footmarks; but there was nothing whliitever to betray the murderer.. Then he-examined the bushes around for traces of a hasty flight, looked for marks on the wall all without result, so he returned to the house with the articles he had found. The news had of course very soot. spread abroad that old Jethro Seaton of Colyton Hall had been found dead in the summer-house, and that foul phay hadbeen hinted at; and, as Dick had anticipated, people at once whispered to each other, as they talked of the affair over garden "gates, at cottage doors, or in groups at the road side,'that young Mr Ottery had in one of his quarrels struck his uncle over the head and killed him.. . The inquest was held in the Hall. The evidence of Dr Waller was decisive-the death was not due to natural causes, such as a fit of apoplexy, but the old gentleman had been struck violently behind the ear by some "blont instruments certainly not by the stick produced, and not by the chair, which had fallen also. And so, in the absence of all other evidence, the-jury returned a verdict of ' Wilful murder against same person or persons unknown;' the hinted suspicion of a juryman who had once received a thrashing from Di=k for cruelty to a horse, that the nephew might know scmething about the death of his uncle being at once quashed by the evidence of the watchmaker who said that the niain-spring of the watch .found in the summer house was broken, so that the h-.ur indicated was exactly that at 1: ii esxt s, t'h1 re-e tints r skid j r-t~ ? .'?:.:: r 7--.r . : - i:m the fas tily ai.: a .c t : thr neF -'^, e wraa f-owed :. isd ! i L'e r all tihe vijlage. far mnore it was under-.oo-l, out of respect r.nd an-ction for Dick ad 1ary Oetry ti,..r fois him. it wa Etrangse that ::- .id't ali the oon ,cture snd . iftitng f eride?ce, no -.. enoody cGu had t eior!t cc n.'tciitin Cas udet Dick's in':c.ce c was esatbliseed in .ier mind, te tori:rble suspicion ihad eris?s. i iin ie'r, acid tad refused to -;e didm;.nti +:- aru ,mietor sentinment thit the- -,. who -s- really dearer to ":r : :: ? . M , : tt'' wo:ld cor!d I ao,? n-,'- i e :mmit't . the murder. Fccrythir. pfintt: to the probability. { He . was at tie i;ta twenty iinutes b. fore lhe-time indicated by tii shattered watch as being that at which the deed was done. He had gone to' London by the three o'clock train, as far as Mary could remember, Ihe had only gone to London once or twice lit-fore during the two years of his courtship. Most convincing evi. dence of all was the tone of the very last conversation shte had held with him, the result of which had been Ithat he had unwillingly accepted his fate of being obliged to wait until the death of her uncle' should bring about a change in domestic matters. And yet, knowing Claude Shute as _sary did, in spite of all, lie seemed to her to ibe the very last man to .com mit such a deed in cold blood. Once, only once, had slta learned that hie lhad a temper at all, but when he left her on this fatal afternoon,, site remembered that it was far more in sorrow than in anger.. On the other hand, if Claude Shute did not do it, who else could have possibly gained by lsuchl an act 1 Dick's temper was much more of the kind wihich might lead to the comnmittal of a terr.ble act such as this than was Chiude's, tint Dick would have gained nothing which wis not his already. Then an after thought came to Mary's rmind :was it. possible that Claude Shute could have murdered Jetliro Seaton with tie idea t!hat suspicion wou ldat onei6e directed on Dick, and that by so doing not only would be gin hisa oblject and put an end to the weary waiting for Mary, but would be rid of a seemingly inmplacable enemy lImpossible ! Imipossible ! The girl scouted the thought intmediately after its occurrence. IT due timue Jethro Seaton's will was bro_'ht by the family l?a"yer. Maty watched her brother's face as hlie reed it. It suddenly darkpned, and lihe pointed to theclause : And to Claude Shute I hequethl the sum of five thoisand pounds free of legacy duty. Mlary's heart sank, and sthe knew what he Irother was going to say. Mary, hlie said, Claude Shute mur. daered our poor old uncle. What I have alwUys said to you about him is true-that hlie was a fawning, scheming humbug. Now you can see why lihe was so fond of uncle, and now I can see why he gu ridI of him.-Where is he now I Mary was so overcome with emotion that she kne w not what to'say. Could it be, she asked herself, that herClaude, the man whose lips lhad so often pressed hers, whose rii:g was still on her finger, that he was, its it seemed, inerely a desperate scr-naer and fortuno-hinter; that hirs month had spoken what had never been in his lheart ; and that he had murd. red this poor old man merely to hasten the acquisition of a few ousand pounds I t At that moment the servant came in with a letter. Dick snatched it from the tray ; it bore a foreign stamp, and was addressed in-Claude's writing. He tore it' open, and read : Hotel Royal, BOULEVARD ANSPACH, BRUSSELS. MY DARLING MARY-If I must wait, I must do so in exile. I cannot be so near the fruit to attain which I have laboured so long, and feel that I must not touch it. Moreover, I dare not trust myself longer in the neighbour hood of the bulldog. You do not know me as an ill tempered man ; but I can be roused, and I- feel that he will rouse me, and then I know that I shall say or do something which will render the gulf between him and me, wide as it already is, impassable. I do not know where I shall go from here ; but if you want me, write to this address, and wherever I am, the letter will reach me. In great haste to catch the post, with kindest love to yourself and very kind regards to your good uncle.-Believe me, ever your affectionate CLAUDE SOUTE. Sly blackguard ! was Dick's comment upon this epistle.-I'm the bulldog, I suppos;, and he dares to threaten me ! And pretending not to know anything about what has happened. Peah I It's sickening. Dick, said Mary quietly, after she had read the letter two or three times, in spite of all you say, that is not the letter of a guilty man. Nor do I think the fact of his going abroad condemns him. Don't it I By Jove, I think it does, though! exclaimed Dick. He's gone, so that he can plead an alibi, should suspicion be directed against him. He's a clever fellow; but he wasn't clever enough to calculate upon the evidence which could be got out of a broken watch. Mary had spoken from her heart and in firm belief when she gave her opinion that there was nothing suspicious either in the fact of Claude's going away or in the tone of the letter. She could not believe him guilty, although appearances were so terribly against him that she admitted to herself that had lie not been her lover she would have condemned him. That was why he got away, continued Dick, who was striding up and down the room with a brow as black as night. He knew that suspicion would im mediately be fixed on me; and it was just his game to get me out of the way, and to marry you with all poor old uncle's money.-But what's the use of wasting time in discussion t We must act, and that immediately. What are you going to do, Dick I asked Mary in an agonised voice. What am I going to dot Why, put this letter in the hands of the Scotland Yard fellows, have a warrant drawn up, get him arrested, and-hanged ! replied her brother bitterly. Don't, Dick-for my sake, don't, implored the girl. Dick stopped short and looked at her. For you sake, don't ! he repeated. Then you know him to be esilty, and it inj7in'ont, as Sou say lhe is, let him come snd car-rs it in: f-ir t-:zl inut appearances are so much a g,;nst hnt, rg-.ed the girl. Cousider, Dick, !if lthat watch had not b-E-;i foun:i, appesran-c= would eqially have been against, you. Prery well; then I shosid hare asked to be tried, replied her broti:er. if the man's innocaP- .. will be proved. Stoot .of: U;i: .3 f nmoments, cried Mary. I can't think he did it I And yet-0 my God, n;y heart will break ! And, utter!y.ovscr come biy her emotions, sire sank to the ground, weepirgk hitteriy. Her brother h:v'iing wholesome contempt for feto imine grief in general, and ifr i,; Sriter's eballid..n l upon thip occazien in p:rtricui.tr, did not offlr to raise her but left the r,om. 3Mary re, ain~,i for some micutLe prostrate. Suddenly she sprang to feet. I must save him ! she asid to herself. No one knows yet that he is suspected. If I telegraph to him, he will have time to get away before the detectives can reach him. I may be doing wrong; pray God I am nct ; but I am sure he is innocent, although I am as sure that he would stand no chance before a jury. She ran up stairs, put on her hast and cloak, and rushed through the gardens by a path which led to a gate in the wall opening on to the villiage street. What people thought to see her flying along dis hievelled and wild-looking, she cared not, but, as if she was the criminal, crept swiftly by back lanes until she reachlle tilhe railaoy station. Three times did she write the telegram : three times she tore it up as being absolutely illegible. lhe fourth time she sue. ceeded better, and handed in : From Ottery, Colyton, to Shute, Iloel Royal, Boulevard Anspaclh Erusseds. Fly fur your life immediately on re ceiving this. The clerk looked at her after he had read it. It's-it's a cipher, she stammered; Mr. Shlute will understaind it. She placed a soverign down, and rushrd away, for the up-train could be due in a few minutes, and she guessed that Dick would go by it. Poor Miss Ottery, said the station clerk. If that there affair at the 'All ain't touched her 'ead, I'm mistook ; she's been an' left hier change behind her, an' one 'od think there was ghosts arter hier by the way she run in. (l0 be costinued.) 