o u n g R l e u ’s C h r i s t i a n A s s o c i a t i o n , T de first of a series of meetings te be dneted by Pastor Soltau, under tbe auspices of the Young Men’s Christian Association, was held in the Temperance Hall l&st; evening. There was a fair attendance, the gallery being devoted to the ladies, and tho body of tbe Hall to men Tho Secretary of the Association (Mi Herbert Fairfax) occupied tho chair, and explained th at owing to the discontinuance of the mid-day train from Launceston, Pastor Soltau would be unable to roach D objrt until alter the aniva1. of the press. After devotional exorc'ses Tho Chairman road the first chapter of the Book of Daniel, commeiting on the verses as he proceeded, and drawing the conclusion th at no matter by wh-.t name Christians might be called they were still the childr-n of God; nnd further, f sent into plsces of temptation by God they would he preserved, hut not it they did of their own accord, lie urged all to i vote their lei?oAJ to doing something useful instead of standing about theetreot corrors. Vr Duthoit. having read the 13th and 14th verses of the Epistle nf Jamts, th t2th verse of the filth chapter of thi Epistle to tho Romans, nnd the last vote of tho sixth chapter of tho sa no epistle, epokeatsome leiglh on sin, its introduction into the world, the jemedy, and ; batted tho Argument ti nt death i total doatruction or annihilation, showing that tho Bible did not in auy p1aco justify such a contention. Pastor Soltau, who arrived a few minutes after 9 o’clock, at once fete tod on the sub 1j<»et aunouncpd, "How tbe <aptair. was Caught.” It was *a&ed; on the narrative of Johu being anoin ed King of Israel 0y one of the sons of God. He described Jehu os the captain of a band ol young fellows, 1such as wore to bo found at the p ie^nt day Doubtless, Jehu was a great judge of horseflesh, had plenty to say, perhaps could , do something in swearing. And it was men with a free tonguo that were required for God’s sorvice. When the young prophet entered the place where Jehu was, he was surrounded by bis mates who doubtless, as many of tbe present day, were careless of the good of the people as a whole men who would legalise vice and gambling. And here, he remarked, that what was required in theTasmanian Legislature was men of grit and courage ; men with the fear of God in their be rte, and before their eyes. The young disciple came with a message which was for , one person alone. Bow often did they find that young men did Dot mind anything said to them collectively, but when they were individually spoken to, how many excuses a t once came to the front. But in the story before them there was a message to a single person, and that was delivered in a separate apartment—the private enquiry room, they might say, of the 6oul. It could bo readily conceived that wonder filled the minds ef tbo young man when they saw their leader withdraw with tbe religious young man, but th at wonder as to its object would be but of short duration, for he came back with so altered a countenance that they immediately desired te know what was the matter. Jehu's life 1was from th at moment changed; they saw the marks of tho oil of aneintment yet on his brow. Despite the sneers and jeers of his companions, who asked what the mad fellow hod come to say.' Jehu’s reply was, "Y e know the man and hie communication,” to which they retorted " I t is false.” But tbe change which had overtaken their leader spread to tbe companions, and they resolved to follow Jebu in biB new life as they had done in his evil oner They were now followers of God, and, as oil young men of the present day should do, exhibited a readiness to show forth tbe testimony of their Lord, aot oaring what tbe cost might be, ne matter how much they might bo chaffed by their comrades. They should ever remember that they were on the side of the majority, for they had God the Father, the Ben, the Holy Ghost, the angels, and all the redeemed from the timo of Abel, therefore they need not mind what the minority said, but rather pray for them that they might be ranked ^ith the great majority. God wanted fighting men, and they were wanted in this colony, men who, if occasion required, would eves lay down their lives in tbe cause t>Etroth and religion. There wore three ways of living mentioned in the Bible; one was riotous living, the second was the woman spending her all to obtain a cure, b a t without success until she "touchedtho hem ef His garment,” and the third was that of tho widow who placed her all in the Treasury of the Lord, and which was referred to more frequently than any other incident, oven after the lapse of nearly 2000 years. Ho concluded by making on urgent appeal to all to cost away their doubts and band themselves on the Lord's side. A short prayer neoting followed by a conversational meeting was then hold, after which the proceedings closed. Tho Young Aten's Christian Association malo choir gave selections from Sankey’s hymnB before the commencement of proceedings outside and inside tbe hall. To-night the service will bo continued, the su ject being "The Young law yer under Cross- examination,” Bbown’b R iver.—1The ea. Hnon, tuader charter to tbe Salvation Army it to moke an excurritn to Brown’s River to-morrow afternoon, 