WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? . Mrs. II. H. Jonnintrs lives atNo. 211 Main streot, Bridgeport, and Miss Miunio Parrot boards with her. Tho houso iu an old one, but in good order. Ouo night early iu December (1891) the two wouion locked all tho doors .and went to tho thoatro, leaving not a soul in tho houso. They loft tho K'as burning, howover, iu tbo front parlor. At about half-past elovon thoy roturucd, and ontorod tho house laughing aud talking. But as thoy went into the parlor tho merry humor died out of thoin iu a second. Bight iu tlio iniddlo of tho room stood a dark man of gigantic Btaturo.. Tho upper part of hit* fnco wbb concoalod by a- mask, his oyes Bleamins thtougli tlio eyeholes in it. His shirt-ulcevos wero rollod up, and in 0110 hand ho carried a loitfr, old-fashioned piatol. The ''women fled Bcroamiiiir from tlio. room, and .whon Mr. Jennings came in livo minutes later he found no ouo iu tho parlor and all tho doors . and windows seouroly looked. AVbat was it tho wouion saw? ; . 'During a rocent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I hnd slopt badly for sovoral successive nights. On tlio fourth of thoso nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by iii'mf teemed like the calling of my name ; and ut tho foot of tho bod stood tho imago of' my mother just as eho looked livo yours boforo, as sho was louring home to go on a journey, on whioh journey aho was killed in a railway disaster. I scroamod and fainted. I was foolish onough to tell of it, and tho local old wouion gossips said it was a summons, and I would uovor got woll; Yot I did, and am in perfect health now. I boliovo. that vision camo of my weak norvos, for I've uovor soon it sinco, and it'11 moro than throo years ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, thoro's no end to tho tricks tho norvos wilt play off on you whon your system is out of condition. In March, I8'J0, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darrncott-rond, Pokosdowu, Hants, wrote ns as follows : — ''I was to dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyono in tho room with mo, ' yot! I did not wish them far ''away 'in oaBo I should call out for holp. This was in Juno, 1889\. I slopt very badly, and iu tho inorniug' folt littlo tho bettor for having gono to bed. Thoro Was often a sovoro paiu in my head and over my oyos, and I was sick most of tho time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tlio stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By aud-byo I had to lio holploss in bed. The. doctor said ho didn't know what my complaint was. I look nothing but liquid food, anil could not rotain oven that ou my stomach. By this timo I was nothing but skin and bone. 2Iy inemory completely failed. My head aouod so dreadfully I thought I should loso my. Bon8oa, and my frionds agrood that I would novor got hotter. ' ???.?'? ''I had givon up all hope, when 0110 day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and uskou what I was taking.' She told mo uho was her ? self ouco just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup. As sho Boomed to havo ko much faith lit this modicluo I triod it, and in throe days I was ablo to walk across tho room, and by tho ond of tho wook I: went downstairs. Now I am as well as oror. I can oat. aud digoat my food; and, all my norrousuoss has loft mo.' ? . y ' J'* '?'?? Tho malady Mrs. Fostor sufforod from was indigostion nnd dyspopuia and nervous pro-- tration. Tho original cauao was griof and shook at tho violent death of hor husband, by acoidont, and the system rallied only whon tho Syrup had givon now vigor to tho diges tion nnd thus fod and toned tho norvou. Whatovor may bo yonr opinion of tho1 Bridgoport ghost, it remains. truo that most uncanny visions and sounds moan uothiug more or loss than a sot of nerves all upset by indigostion and dyspepsia. Ghosts como from tho inaido of tho porson wlio sees them, nnd whon Mother Scigol'n Syrup doos its work tho oyes anil oars outortaiu only what is natural and wholosouio. A young breedor was complaining not long Binoo that 01m of his marou wan giving too muoh uiilk, causing a .iorangemout of tho foal's internal machinery, tayo Wirolight in the Live Stock Kkcoud, a voicrinarinn advUcd him to aduiinistor a drench of strong ooffoo to tho dam, Tho young broodor gavo tho roniody a trial, and report* that thoro is a very porcoptiblo dooroano iu tho flow of milk. A'Dno filly foal, by Iroquoio, di'd rcoontly nt Kelso Farm from the. causo for whioh this romady wus HUftgoatad. It is an old euro, but it is said to bo a good ono. At the Chirago I.oaguo Mooting tlioro wan a groat gathering of triclc ridors. Miok ICnufiinnni and a now ridor woro most success ful, tho lAtlur, 'Soarings' (,ay», quito PoilpBod our old friond Malthy. Taking Maltby's work fin a lino, tho othor two must bo remarkably clover. Fnkbrulioa or knocks uso Flntvpus Kucalyptui OU.' ' 