I NEWS OF THE WORLD. Mr. Samuel Hordern is providing work for the Bowral unemployed by having large areas of clearing and drain age done. The various Banking insti tutions might do likewise throughout the colonies. The Jfurrurundi Times says that the bluckfellowa are said to be prophesying mo tipproacn 01 a prolonged drought-. Domestics are leaving Hampton Court Palace, because the ghosts of Henry VIII. 's wives are supposed to haunt the rooms. The. largest apes have only sixteen ounces of braiu ; the lowest men have thirty-nine. A London paper says Mr. Whifc brend, M.P., having offered sixpence for ? every .wasp-nest destroyed in his:park at Southill, has paid £20, no fewer than 800 nests having been disposed of. ' Eleven persons were shot dead nnd 19 wounded during an attack upon a prison in Virginia with the intention of lynch ing a negro who was accused of beating and robbing a woman. The negro was eventually dragged from the gaol by 20 desperate men, and hanged on the nearest tree. Mr. J. E. Redmond, Mr. John Dillon, and Mr. Michael Davitt, M's.P., have denounced Mr. John Morely, Chief Secretary for Ireland, for allowing evic tions to be carried out on the Defreyne estate, in County Mayo. Being appalled at the hideous sights which met their gaze at the bottom of the harbour, the divers employed at Snntander, in Spain, in the work of recovering the corpses of the victims of the recent dynamite explosion, have refused to carry out their task. ' Do you believe man is made of dust, Mr. Snip 1 ' ' Not all of them,' said the tailor. ' Dust always settles, and I know men who do not.' The Supremo Court of Queensland has ruled that inasmuch as all gold on freeholds belongs to the Crown, no free holder has the right of action for the recovery of gold-bearing stone taken from his land. . Doctors in America recently adver tised for a man who, in consideration of an indemnity of £1000, would submit himself to an operation that might end fatally. Thoy received 142 applications. The doctors desire to cut open the stomach of the man, in order to study the phenomena of digestion. The shortest session of the English Parliament was held in 1681, and lasted seven days. One-third of the people who go mad are said to recover their senses. Glasson is to bo hanged at Bathursb gaol 011 the 29th instant. Dibbs says the Executive would not take any life without the fullest inquiry, as in the case of Glasson and the Chinaman who has also been ordered to be strung up. The largest cargo steamer in the world, and intended for the cattle trade, ' has been launched at Belfast. It is 500ft. long, 60ft. broad, and has a depth of 38ft. Mr. W. Simmons, for many years senior operator in the Wollongong Tele graph Office, died last week. Mr. Barton has, in response to several requests, decided to contest the electoral district of Fitzroy at the next election. A l-oy has been born to a seventeen year-old mother at Falkirk, Scotland. His grandmother is thirty-four years old, his great-grandmother fifty-four, and his great-great-grandmother eightv three. .....* The winners of ' Tattersall's ' 50,000 sweep at 10s, which filled up, are : — Lang, of Waverley, Sydney, first prize, £9000 ; J. A. Symonds, Melbourne, second prize, £2700 ; Madame Bern hardt, care of G. M. Bayle, Pitt-street, Sydney, third prize. These amounts are all nett. The miners on strike at Wigan, in Lancashire, dynamited an hotel, the landlord of which declined to give any further assistance to the riien. The strikers had refused to resume work at 6s a day. A sewing machine agent has been fined £10 at Young for trespass and as sault, committed while trying to take possession of a sewing machine. A Sydney paper wants to. know tho reason modern barmaids, who have so many chances, do not get married more 1 A Chinaman who committed suicide at South Forbes last week, confessed to having stabbed young Peasly, who was murdered 011 Sunday night. A paper loudly demands that candi dates for Parliament should be called upon to pass some examination to show their fitness. An intimate acquaintance with the Marquis of Queensberry rules and an easy familiarity with every known brand of whisky would , meet all require ments. Business at the Dapto Creamery is re ported to be largely on the increase, tho quantity treated daily being now about 20,000 gallons. The Maitlnnd Mercury will be pub lished as a penny evening paper after 1st January. Temperance societies arc being formed amongst the Moujiks of Russia. The rules of some of them are curious. Tho members undertake to abstain from vodka for a twelvemonth. The first time vne of them. breaks his promise he is fined three roubles and receives 19 ? strokes of the rod. The second time tho punishment is doubled. Tho move ment is noteworthy as coining from with in. It is an attempt on the part of the peasants at self- reform, and not the re sult . of action springing from spheres outside their own. 