*THE STORY" ANDREW FAIRFAX, (BY JOSEPh I{OCKfING.) BOOK, I. . Finding His Work. CHAPTER V.—(Continued.) Andrew lonohed: 'his fists, and set his teeth. Ho had expectednothing else, but it was hard to bear, and he ahuost regretted having come so fair WVest. Still he crushed tie bitter feelings that rose in his heart, and m?ado up his mind to call'atthe house of one of his old friends, who, he knee, was in a position to help him. He was not long in reaching Coin'nuight Square, and as he stood at the doer of a statel~y' house, he almost forgot that he was Andriew Faifax, who had taken a dingy room at seven and sixpenc a week in a narrow street at the bach of the Strand. When the door was opened, however, he realsed it very keenly. Over sensitive, he thought he saw an •insolent grin on the servant's face, and when told that M[r. Gilbert was not at home, he.regarded it as' a dismissal from. the house. As a matter of 'fact,.-the gentleman he sought was not at ]hme, while the' supposed insolent grn on the servant's face was simply owing to a flirtation he had been having' with the fat cook. Alndrew knew nothin_,g of tihis, however, and he wailked tlhough th? pare in anything but a good humour. A few minutes later ]le met with an old'acquaintance. Not that they had been friendly, for. the young...man, Elfrad Steele by name, was a suitor. for Isabel Bernardl's hand, and was always madly jealous of .Andrew. Moreover, he was an effeminatelpuppy, and was ?lad of an opportunity of venting his spleen against a man who; he was 'sure. had despised him. At .this time, however, Andrew" would gladly have shaken hands with him, 'he was so lonely and downhearted.. As soon as ,he saw him, therefore, he rushed up to him with ou~tstrtcheod "hand, and, forgetting for the minute tie probability of "coolness,- said heartily,- 'H ]:alloa, Steele, oldfellow, how are you ?' Steele, however, did not see the hand. He stepped back slightly, then, talingoutbhis eye-glass, he deliberately • adjusted. it, and stared at Andrew as •though' he were a .curiosity.' After that he walked on without saying a 'word. Andrew did not see another person in?Hyde Park. He dashed through it as though the F]uies were at his heels. ]He saw neitler cabs nor 'buses as he hur?ied along Piccadilly, down : Leicester' Square, through Trafalgar Square, "into the Strand, and fr'om thence to the dingy room. Ho was too excited, too indignant. After that he would rather 'have died than ask a favour of his foriner ?West End acquaintances. The trutht was Elfrad ~teele had been acting according to instructions. - Isabel Bernard had told him if ever he met Andrew to cut him,' as' he liad no claim to be recognised as a gentle man, and Steele, like a faithful slave to his lady's whims, had obeyed. That morning's experience was the decisive point in Andrew's life. Had he been-met kindly, and had some 'of his old friends offered to help him, it is not probable I should have been asked to write his' life. But it was otherwise. Not that many would not have gladly given hinm the position he wished, for he had been respected and loved by most who knew him. Hoe knew nothing of this, however. Over-sensitive, he fancied' himself despised and ridiculed, and so he vowed that, whatever .might happen, he would. never again go to the West End fori help. \ When he arrived at his 'little den,' as he called it, he sat down and wrote a letter to Mr. Pinns,' telling him that that he accepted Iris offer, and would be glad to call on himin when conve nient. ' Anjhow, I am going :to begin at the bottom of the ladder,' he said to himself ivhon heo ;had finished 'the lettei. ' 'What Iwill be the ;end, I wonder? :What shall.I make out .in life ?' " ' ' ." After addressingthe letter' to the little hotol in which Mr. lPi.ins 'wis a' permanont resident, he'sat :down and tried to.compose a story, but lihe found that 'his pen, like the wheels ; of. Pharaoh's chariot, ' dravo ..heavily.' He felt a great deal, but somehow ho could not put his feelings into words. His thoughts came rapidly, but he could. not centralize them. As we have seen, he had great ideas'concern ing.literature, but no burning ques tion appbaled to him for solution, no 'great'abuse appeared to him, de manding that he should tell out to the world what was a .disgrace to civiliza tion . ' . . . Ho read and re-read the preface of Wilkie Collins' most popular story, in which the writer declared that it should be the .novelist's :chidef im to tell a story,: and: thit': everiyting. else .shouild take: a subsidiar3 place;. but it did' not satisfy hiiun''. Tp'; 'An ' drew a story should be 'the mediumiri through which' somlie :l'iat '.·triuth could. be. told,, s;-ome gieat want expressed; A novelist ^should be a seer, 'a pi:ophet, o i . a: preacher. 'But' theni, ::li'hat.was ..the vision 0 saw, h:-ali tritli .had. he to toell?- Seemingly nothing. 'And;;'yet he felt that a thousand things wanited tolling, tlihat the light of, day 'ouglt .tb e'0 on many daiik abuses. i .. ' "so on: thse linoes l'i thought . ", but.in vn.'. Either the . "'ernard came between S s, or his' exclusion fromr the old lifo hindered him, for cortainly tile story was not a success. The following morning he received a letter from Mlr. uiuns, asking him to call at his ornco that day at eleven o'clock, wvhen he would explain to kim what his powers to help him woro. Andrew was not late in keeping the appointment, although his heart did not beat with very high hopes. Still; he met M[r. Pinns very cheerfully, and tried to suppress hfis disappointments. It'was in a little room, at tho;back:'of° a printing office, in which that gentle men received htim. Certainly tlere Was no luxury in tl?e premises of the So/ro f/haws. The place was musty, and ill-ar ranged. Great heaps of papers were throwni.nto the corners of the room, while facing a window, the only~on6e was M£r. :Pinns' desk. There were three chairs-a high one, suited to the desic, an arm-chair, a great deal torn, with the springs showing, and 'ahair-. seated one, likewise. revealing, the material with whiclihit was ?stuffed. Tihe carpet had been new a goat many years before, but at. present it was impossible to discover its pattern. Moreover, in several places :it revealed the nature of the flooring. MOIr. Pinns wore a short greasy coat, th6 sleeves of which w;ore slightly turned up, while, on his feet wore a pair of office slippers, which had the advantage of being very airy. 'Well, you've come,' he said to Andrew. 'Yes, I've come.' 'And not thoulght better of it, e ?. I didn't lpjec?t to see ydu again. Why, you can see now the value of the literary profession. It isn't worth a straw, I tell you, not a straw. 'I hope it rmay be wort? a great deal to me,' said Andrew. "I hope so--yes, I hope so. But do you know, young man, that in tlhe whole of London, among' the hun dreds of newspapers tlhnt are pub lished, there's not 'more than about a score that pay anything worth men tioning?. And do you know, too, that it's nearly impossible for anyone to. get on the staff of those few ?' 'They must be written for,' said Andrew, and in time----' * 'There, there, it's just lilke'me to seek to discourage you. Young fel low, I'm very foolish, very. "As a rule I take notice of 'nobody but my self, and I'm not worth taking notice of. But when I saw you, I likeod you. Why, I don't know, but I did. Of course I did not know what you were up to, but I thought you must be wanting employment. Well, it seems you couldn't get any, and so I thought I might hellp you. Help yon-bah! Still, you must do something. This palper of mine isn't worthl-um-well, never mind, but it isn't worth much.' 'M?Iight I ask its circulation ?' 'Oirculation! Young man, you know that is an editor's secret. Never let any one know the circulation of a paper, unless it's enormously large; always say it is the most widely-cir culated paper iini the district, there fore best medium for advertisements, &c.;'.' :. 'I see,' said Andrew, smiling. ' Ah,. m, I'm glad you see. Well, now, look-li here, I shall do you no good, and you'll do me no good, that's certain; but there, do you care to help in a starvation concern like this?' ' Yes,' replied Andrew. Badly as he wanted to do some thing, it required an-ffort for. him to give this answer. He had always thought of an editor as a gentleman, refined, thoughtful; while here was this little man the very opposite of his conception. ' Are you fond of reading ?' ' Very.' 'Novels?'. . - ' 'Good ones.' - '.Can you read'French-German ?' ' Yes.' ' Could you translate a book from either of those languages ?' ' I daresay.' - ' T r'.' .Andrew looked at the little man, wondering what was coming next. ' Do you think you could write a re view of a book ?' S' A review--why ?' 'I have books-of a sort-sent me for review. I generally have them slashed up in style.' ':: ';Do you review them yourself ?" asked Andrew, thinking of the worth of his opinion. * ,':No, I don't, but the fellow who's doing that work leaves me next week -?and good riddance, too. I could make it half a crown a week more if you could take on that kind of thing. . .... S'Im afraid I couldn't, said Andrew. 'Afraid-why ?' .' \- 'I'm afraid my literary judgment is not sufficiently matured; I--I- 'Literary judgment *be hanged ! .You know whether .you like a book or not. If you:do, say so, and say it's the novel of the year ; and if you !don't, why, .:say it's; waste of time to rend it.; Use strong adjectives, and put'them on thick. That's iwhatpeople like ia reviews.' - 'Indeed?' " " 'Yes.i: Nobody cares' bout rending the analysis:.of :a book.-.2, They Want sthoug opinions." Adljectives . voiy t?hick.- . , , . - .. " . " ,I '.should:hlikoeit.of all things, ]but ',weoll; eo'll sbe.e N?w? thro's somliething'olso .else Youwa-wntu?o?:writo stories ?'· ; ':?" !.r1r3 :muoh' · I:sho'?ld lidki to:write "a ioal novbl; one that's worth-'", :.:. ',You couldn't 'do: itl-::yt;-: y But, if ,over you., do, you won't.. got ·it, read. Books worilt reading don't get a sale. T?heo world of novel-raonders liko dasl, movement,;~'oicitemnent I.knov that to. ric orl wto thloen is a waste of tnimo;' but that's what novel-roaders Want." Go to any of Smith's book stalls and ask the clerks the kind of novel they can sell, cnd they'll tell you whet I've just told you.' "" ' But there's another class of readers than railway novel readers.' ' Yes, two '-and the little man puckered his forehead as ho con tinued, 'Thoroe's the so- called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are as great humbugs a's the books they read. Then there's a class of novel almost unknown to you, but which has a larger sale than most of the well known literature.' 'Indeed! What?' ' The penny novelette. Stories for the young. Books for boys, full of revenge, murder, ghosts, and all that 'kind of things. They sell by tens of thousands.' :'. -Indeed!' , ' Yes. Would you care to toy anid write foi these 'people-bah ! But T'm sure you won't.' ' VWhat will they pay ?' ' I don't know. I'll take you to. an editor if you like. I know you'll be disgusted, bah! of courseyou will, but I can't do any more for you.' Indeed, EMr. Pinns was doing a great- .deal. Evidently he was troubling: a great deal as to how he could hlielp Andrew, and only real liking wouldhave caused him to do it. .You are' very. kind,' said Andrew, ' very kind." I know I'm not fit for very much, and you are doing me real serv'co.' 'HRumbug,' said Mr. Finns gruffly. 'There, tlhre, 16t's gd and see one of these editors. E]ditors, bahl!' As they left the office of the Soeo Timcs they met a gaunt, badly-dressed man about fifty years of age, who greeted Mr. Pinns familiarly, but to whi6m that gentleman was very digni fied and very distant. '-Here are those books. I've re viewed them,' said the man confi dently. 'Could yeo settle up now?' 'Very well, Williams,' said Mr. Finns loftily; give them to one of the clerks.' 'cI'k off next Wednesday.' 'Very well, Williams, it-it is pos sible I may be in on Tuesday even ing.' 'I'd prefer the money now, if you don't object,' said WVilliams; 'and, be~ides, yqu know there are those-' S'Heally, WVilliams,' said Mr. Finns, with great dignity, 'I can't attend to $uch little matters now. I have busi ness with this gentleman. I'll write you a cheque when I've time.' 'A cheque, eh?' said Williams; 'Why, whatever---' 'I hope you'll? do well on the WTad Iwsday 3f[oon, WTilliams. I've done my best for you. Good-day, Williams, good-day.' Andrew looked at Air. Finns in astonishment. He had become dig nified all of a sudden. The little man seemed to swell with importance, too, and looked as though all the neigh bourhood belonged to him. ' One is obliged to keep such fellows in their place,' said Mr. Finns; and, then, turning confidently to the young man, he said, ' Williams has been our reviewer.' ' What,'' said Andrew, ' is public opinion to be influenced by such as he ?' Mr. Pinns became silent, and thus important. From that time 1Mr. Finns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the Soloi Tmnes, and while he remained on it the little man magnified his office. He never spoke slightingly of litera ture; he was never familiar. Mr. Finns carried two sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free-this for his friends; the other, important and reserved-for his subordinates. The two walked together along Fleet-street, and, after awhile, turned up one of the narrow alleys, which led into a network of others, and hero Andrew was first introduced to a phase of life of which he was ignorant and to a literature of which he had not dreamed. (To be continued.) 