. (Sttmflit. THE CONVICTIONS OP DISASTEE. The Eev. W. Pritchard delivered the following sermon on ' The Convictions of Disaster,' at St. Paul's Church, Geelong, on Sunday, May 21st, taking as his text St. John, chapter xvi., verse 8 — ' And He, when He is come, will convict the world in respect of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment.' Our blessed Lord spoke these words to His apostles concerning the Holy Ghost, who should come in the fulness of power after He Him self had ascended into the heavens. The Saviour made plain what would be the effects of this coming of the Spirit of Truth. In the text, He makes mention of one of these effects particularly. The revised version gives us the more literal rendering of the words : — 'When He is come He will convict the world.' That is to say, He, the Holy Spirit, will bring home certain facts and truths so plainly before the hearts and consciences of mankind, that conviction will be forced upon them. For this is what we mean by conviction. He who convicts another, places the truth in a clear light before him, so that it must be seen and acknowledged as truth. As we are brought face to face with hard facts, we receive our convictions. He in whose Word we believe has assured us of the power that is at work to guide us to such convictions as help towards our eternal good. Whatever convictions we may have from time to time, the power of the Holy Ghost is at work to turn those convictions to our good, to make them the occasions of deeper knowledge, and to lead us on until we are convinced, not only of the great realities which lie behind the passing circumstances of our earthly life, but of the eternal truths which are the foundation of all existence. Now, the present misfortunes and difficulties with which we in this colony are confronted bring certain painful convictions to our mind, whiehl venture to call the convictions of disaster, and I would ask you to-night to take due account of the convictions which are thus brought upon us. Let us, in God's house, as Christian people, look beneath the surface of the outward troubles, passing on to the deeper convic tions which we may lay hold of by attentive consideration of the facts which are before us, and then gaining, by God's help, still further con viction of eternal truths to the profit of our souls. We are face to face, then, with much present need, and the certain prospect of wide spread distress, which is only too likely to mean absolute poverty and want to many of our people. We are also convinced of the fact that .this present need is, in the main, traceable to the unhealthy excitement of a few years past, to the wild spirit of speculation, begotten and fostered it may be by men of prominence in the commercial world, but certainly yielded to by all classes of the community in the feverish haste to be rich, and to have a share in the supposed prosperity which accompanied the land boom. And besides, the fact is forced upon us that it is a time of national suffering — of disaster to the whole colony. The suffering may be felt more in the centres of population, but it is a common trouble that is upon us — these are hard times for us all. Such, then, are the convictions of disaster felt by our community at this present time. We talk of them to one another just as readily as we remark upon the weather; a proof this of the hold which these convictions have upon us. For to assure one another that some fact patent to all is evident to each individual, is a sort of instinct in social converse. When it is a wet day, for instance, we all know it, yet we all mention it to each other; and so now. These are hard times and we all know it, yet we all, agreeably to this instinct just spoken of, convince one another of the painful fact. I have ventured to classify these our present convictions of disaster as I have done, with a view to helping you towards the attentive consideration of the lessons they bring. For let us look below the surface but a little, and surely our first convictions will give place to ? those deeper and more serious. The present need and possible poverty — that will lead us to the conviction of the uncertainty of riches. Many amongst us, possessed not long since of a fair share of this world's goods or a moderate competence, now find themselves in a position almost of indigence. Even supposing — which may God grant !— that in many cases this misfortune is but temporary, the lesson is the same : the lesson as to the uncertainty of riches. It is true, as a business man remarked to me in the week past, that after all, our money values are little better than a matter of sentiment. Property a few years back valued at thousands can hardly now be reckoned in hundreds. All this should convince the thoughtful how true are the words of wisdom, 'For riches certainly make themselves wings; they fly away as an eagle towards heaven. ' And next let us look beneath the fact of which we are convinced — that the present need is in great measure traceable to the specula tions of past years. Can any thoughtful maa fail to gain the sure conviction that there has been a very widespread increase of the spirit of gambling? Is not this accountable for the numberless instances of unlawful venture? Has it not created on the one hand an unscrupulous endeavour to raise values, and on the other an almost childish credulity and readiness to listen to every calculation or the wildest chances? 'It is nothing better than gambling' — one hears this expression again and again of mining ventures, of land invest ments, and other transactions, until the conviction grows that the principles of commercial morality are like tb be supplanted altogether by a mere reckless trust to luck, and a trading upon the excitements of the credulous. And again, the fact that our troubles are the affliction of the whole community, will not this lead us on to the most solemn conviction of all — the conviction that national misfortune and national wrong doing have a close connection ? We have heard to-night God's charge to Joshua : ' Turn not from My laws to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper,' and it is but a plain fact of history that signal chastisement implies signal disobedience. Here let me quote some wise words upon this point from a leading article in our diocesan newspaper, The, Church of England Messenger, published last week : — ' What is the explanation, then, of the cloud that has passed over so fair prospects, and the state of consternation and peril in which we find ourselves ? Economists and financiers will have their answers, more or less true from their points of view ; but the Church of to-day, like the prophet of old, sees in the distress of the people the dis pleasure of God, and preaches repentance of the evil if there is to be any turning away of the wrath. She can only speak, indeed, in general terms, like the Baptist by Jordan. We have no authority to say, as those who know, that the nation is heing punished for its political offences in the secularising of education, or in the facilities offered to divorce ; or the community for its frivolity or its greed, for the agnosticism of its culture, the materialism of its working-men, the ignorance and depravity of the masses ; or the Church of Christ in the land for the feebleness of her protest against all these evils, or for her own lack of service, or charity, or unity, or faith. We are not at liberty, indeed, to fix upon any particular sin as the cause why God is smiting us, but we have every right, seeing these are undoubtedly sins for which God will visit, to call the solemn Assembly that we may confess our sins as a people, and, acknowledging that for those alone we deserve to be afflicted, to entreat that He will take away His anger and send us again prosperity. We have the witness of promise and prophecy and history that He is a God who hears the supplica tions of a nation and the intercession of His servants.' These words, which I commend to your thoughtful attention, lead us on from the point we were considering to think of the reasonableness of observing a special day of humiliation, as our Bishop has invited us. His call to do so is one that we should not disregard. I earnestly hope that many of you will be able to come to church on Wednesday ; if you can, in the morning, but at least in the evening, when it will not be difficult to make opportunity. Let me ask you, especially when you hear the bell at half-past ten, to remember that the clergy, and those that are able to join them, will then be pleading the one sacrifice in the solemn memorial of Christ's Death and Passion, and making that, according to His will, the centre of our day's intercession. And suffer me to remind you that the most scriptural way to keep such a day is to accompany its observance with fasting and almsgiving. Wherefore I ask your offerings on that day to further supplement our poor fund for the winter season that is upon us. - But let us look again at our text to-night, and remember who it is that brings home to us the most saving conviction, and guides all our I convictions for our eternal good: God the Holy Ghost, the Lord and I Giver of Life, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son. He it [I is who has come to convince the world of sin, and of righteousness, if and of judgment. It is He to whom we must look in all suoh times of [I conviction as the present, that He may so help our understandings as I to deepen and sharpen the public sense of sin. It is He who alone i can so light up in the conscience of a country the idea of righteous i ness, that men shall be able to rate simplicity and disinterestedness I and honesty of purpose and quick sympathy with wrong, more highly I than mere brilliancy or success, combined with good- natured indiffer I ence to principle. It is the Holy Ghost who teaches nations to || believe that God has not left them to themselves ; that He does take H account of their corporate acts; that His hand stretched out for Ij judgment is to be seen in events which had hitherto looked like the |; natural products of natural causes. And so we may hope that He I will make our present convictions of disaster the occasion of profitable 1 heart-searching and earnest resolution ; that He will convince us of the utter folly and misery of trusting in this world's goods, so that we shall resolve to seek first the Kingdom of God, and His righteousness ; that He will fill us with a true shame and sorrow, because of the gambling spirit that defiles our commercial dealings, and stir us up to | oppose the evil to the utmost of our power ; that He may quicken in our hearts the determined resolution to faithful and courageous obedience, so that, like Joshua in his conquest of Canaan, we shall find the reward of unswerving loyalty to God's law in the righteous ness which alone exalteth a nation. 