PALACE, MONASTERY AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It is a pleasure, if a rather melpncnoiy one, to find in •* Harper” a posthumous paperby the late Mr Theodore Child. It is a D«lh“njj description of the Eeourial, that singular and grandiose monument of the former might and magnificence of the Spanish Kings. “ the most attractive items in anexcellen.num ber of this charming magazine, it is asvivul and delicate as most things Mr Child wrote. MELANCHOLY IMMENSITY. The first impression made by the Escurial is its immensity, and the last its melancholy. There is no getting away from the place. It | nearly fills the little town of Escurial, for I naturally a monument built in the shape of a j gridiron to recall the instrument of torture on which St. Laurence suffered martyrdom is I rather straggling. . I 'The immensity of it takes your breath i away ; it is not a palace, but a cyclopean 1 town ; and although thosun may be shining brilliantly, it looks sad and funereal with its gray walls picked out with staring joints ot white mortar, its leaden roofs, its granite paved surroundings, its volcanic as pect. This impression of Something burned, blasted, plutonian, of some thing that has passed through raging tire, struck me time after time as I looked -iia^ttprfte."‘Tfie built in the form of a gridiron turned upside down, and that in memory of the patron, San Lorenzo, who was broiled by Valerian on a Blow fire, and, according to Prudentius, bore his martyrdom with coolness and ever jocose irony, for when ONE SIDE WAS BOASTED he had himself turned, and invited his cooks to try whether he tasted batter underdone or well done. . . . The sur face occupied by the edifice iB 39,000 square metres; the exterior facades measure more than S00 metres, and are pierced by fifteen doors and 1120 windows ; is the interior there are sixteen court-yards, eighty-six stair o ises, eighty-eight fountains nine towers and •lolio rooms; m the whole edifice there are more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doors, while the lobbies, cloisters and court-yards measure iu length some 75 miles. THE GHOST OF PHILLIP. The Escurial is haunted by the ghost of its founder, the grim, gloomy, lanatical Philip II., who married our own Queen Mary, and made of the Inquisition an unexampled eugine of tyrannical power. Ho built- tue vast place as a monument to his father and himself; but sb the old Duke of Braganza said, “ he who made such a great vow must have hud a great fear.” Mr Child gives us a striking pictnre of Philip’s own quarters. With a chill of mysterious terror you pass through a low door, and find yourself in a simple room, with a tiled floor and bare whitewashed walls, relieved at their base by the usual blue and white tiles. The room is lighted by three small windows glazed with old rough glass, through which may he seen vase landscapes ot dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, which prove that the morose King was not so ill advised as some writers state when he chose the site of his cloistered palace. This is the room were Phillip II. lived in monastic simplicity, and boasted that from the foot of his moun tain he GOVERNED THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW with two inches of paper. The carpet of matting interwoven with gold, and with the doable-headed imperial eagle iu red, is now huDg up against the wall, and the red tiles of the floor are bare. Here is the table where Philip used to sit and annotate State papers; here are his portfolio, his inkstand, his set of pigeon-holes ; here is •uoamainc Isoic vx ms secretary, Antonio Perez ; here iB a miserable arm-chair studded with brass nails, and with a leather back stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit : and on these two stools, with their oushions of greenish brown velvet—the one atool bearing still traces of red lacquer, the other of black wood bound with silver—bis Majesty rested hiB ulcered legs. In the alcove to the right, the great monarch slept on a bed doubtless as VULGAR AND EVEN SORDID as the chairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to the alcove is a dark oratory within walla of polished and panelled jasper. Touch a spring, the panels open aud reveal the grand altar of the chnrcb, and on the oppoeite side, in guilt bronze, the group ot Charles V. KNEELING IN ETERNAL l'RAYER with the women of his house beside him. In this narrow oratory Philip, in 159S, took to his bed suffering tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally like Job upon his dung-heap. Through these narrow openings in the jasper panelB, with whioh the irroverend fingers of curious tourists now play, the monarch, worn out with care aud sickness, peered with anxious eyes bb the priest celebrated mass amidst the splendor of the capilla mayor. Here, m this narrow, dark, and close corner, he died. An inscription on the wail records the graphic summary of his end :—‘ ‘ In this narrow chamber died Phillip II. when the world was too small to contain the son of Charles V. He lived eo far from the earth that his soul alone was living; of his body there remained but the shadow when he finished dying.” THE MUMMY OF “GREAT CAROLUS.” And now for the end of all the might and splendor of the Spanish Hapsburgs—the race [ who for a brief space held the major part of the world’s wealth—not, as it turned out, in fee, but on sufferance:— We descend into the royal tomb, or Pan theon. for such is the term given by the Catholic Spaniards to a Christian burial place. This vault; placed exactly beneath the high altar of thechurch, is an octagon room 36ft in diameter and 3Sft high. You descend into it by means of a staircase whose walls are lined with green-and-yellow polished jasper. The walls of the Pantheon are of polished marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna mented with gUc bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artists after the death of Philip II. Ab an inscrip tion informs us, the founder of the Escurial built only a Bimple vault. Philip III. began the present gorgeous structure in 1G17 ; Philip IV. completed it, and. MOVED IN' THE EOYA BODIES on the 17th March, 1654, after Diege de Velasquez had with his own hands fixed in its place the hronze crucifix by Pedro Tacca, which he had brought back from Italy. The octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelves, on each of which is a grey marble sarcophagus or urn of classical shape. f)n the left are the kings, and on the right the mothers of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times. In 1654 Philip IV. opened the urn containing the remains of Charles V., and after looking awhile at the mummified body, he said, laconically, to Luis de Haro, “Don Luis, cuerpo honrado.” To which the Prime Minister replied, “Si, senor, muy honrado.” Charles H. also opened THIS AUGUST SAECOFHAOOS, which was again opened by Ferdinand VII. after the French invasion, and once more in 1S70, when the as pect of the mummy was care fully reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and photographs from this picture now enable curious tourists to carry away with them an authentic portrait of the oorpse of the great emperor, whose features inspired so hapnily the brush of Titian and the chisel of the Leonis. “ Silent, empty, dear and nseles° ; a pro digons monument from whioh the soul has departed,’—that is Mr Child’s summing up of this wonderful monument.^ £St. James’ Budget.” 