• Novelist. A MYSTERY SOLVED. —'♦ DETECTIVE STORY. By SPEOTSUll. CHAPTER V A few moments' thought convinced Dash of ' one fact. The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really & corpse ; and again, re markable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a veal flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features he had gazed upon under the moonlight upon the lonely • beach. - He was astounded at the remarkable resem blance, and satisfied that there was some mys eterious connection between the ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, he deter mined to solve the mystery. While coming to this resolution, he had been etapding just within the door- way, gazing at the girl. The latter appeared fo be in the company of two gentlemen. Her companions were remarkable-looking men, evidently foreigners. . One was tall and slender, while the other was short and thick-set. Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyes, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, ifhen the attention of one of the men was di rected toward him, Seeing that he had attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and waited slowly down the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struct him that possibly the party might be just upon the eve of depar ture, and he felt that ft would not do to let them go without ascertaining something about them. While he was still standing there, and con sidering what course he should take to accom plish his puposo, lis beard a step approaching along the hall, and, upon turnings discovered that the newcomer was the taller of the two men whom he had seen in company with the girl. As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, he fastened on the latter a steady, enquiring glance. "I reckon that - fellow .will know me again when he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young man, as he started to descend the stairs. From the fact that the man had passed him, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on the point of depar ture, and he determined to postpone his enqui ries until a moro opportune occasion. Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, having nothing particular to do. strolled into til" billiard room. I He had been seated there bat a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so impudently came into the room also. The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash, and again fastened his gaze upon the ygung fellow in a fixed and .impudent man -JfiSr. r Om&readers; are all well aware that it [is not a vepr nice thing to be impudently stared at bysttital stranger, and Dash began to feel rather'uncdmfortable. For some time he paid no atteniion to the man, but directed his gaze carelessly about the room; but every time he glanced toward the man sitting opposite, he found the latter's gaze fastened upon him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an noyed by this offensive surveillance, and in re taliation he faced the man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. Thus for a few seconds the two men faced each other, until it became necessary *or one or the other to spepfc.' Dash was the one who decided to veature apon this experiment, and he said: " Are we acquainted, sir?" "Wo," was the laconic reply. " Then why do yon gaze at me in such a manner?" " Because I choose to!" was the impertinent reply. . "Weill, I choose that you should desist from lookyip at': me in such a fixed manner; it is offenssive," said Dash. "I thought a few moments ago, when I saw you trying to stare a lady otit of countenance, that you approved of such little pleasantries," <said.theman. ' Dash instantly recollected that he had stared at the man's companion, and. being a frank, generous iellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu rally he thought that an explanation was due, and he said : "** " 3 -San give a good reason for my seemingly impertAnoaioonduct, sir." ; '"I should like to hear it,"answered the JOSOi The.young lady whom I saw in your com pany- hears a Remarkable resemblance to an other person whom I mfet under peculiar cir cumstances." . Upanhearing this .reply the dark face of the •traager became livid. ITi'b lips were bloodless, and a fierce, threat OTi^ li§ht gleamed in his eyes as he said, in a voicc: . have offered this expl&ntion;, will yopplease go still further, and explain under what circumstances you met the-lady who yoa •say resembles inyjuedal*' " I did not say that it was a lady," replied ' Dash, with provoking-coolness. "Well, will yoa state who it was?" " I do not think tint I will, under present .wreumstancea.* j "Imay oonqgHyara ta*"was(the fierce re •Jriadaw When yon do I may tell," replied Dash. Do not provoke mo too far, young man; it *n#y prove dangerous." "It if yourself who had "better b« carefuli Xpu are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me,"replied Dash King StOUe "Kb, sir; yon were the aggressor; yon in putted a lady under my charge." "That is false 1" "Do yon give me the lie ?" "I •would serve yon right if I were to give you the palm of my glove on your cheek," said Dash, angrily. " No; yon are a loafer; you dare not strike a SBntlemaiu" This was the first tame that such an epithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, he advanced and raised his hand, intending to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the latter suddenly sprung from his seat, and rushing at tTifl yimngw man, struck a powerful blow at Mm. Dash was quick-eyed and an expert boxer, and throwing ont his left arm he warded off the blow, and with the right hand knocked the other's hat off. TTis antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-be assassin, say ing, in a firm voice: "Stop! you must not shoot. The man who had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our bero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of the young lady who had made^uch a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoke in broken "English, and in a very rapid manner. As he turned the weapon aside, and while still holding the arm of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : "What is the troubleV " You must ask your friend," returned our hero. ** You must be careful, my friend will kill you f* " I think not," was the quiet reply "But he would have lulled you had I not come." "-Ytmdid not save my life but your friend's," replied Dash, and as he spoke he showed a pis tol inhis hand, adding: " Before your friend could have raised his arm, put, be would liave been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." " My friend is not an assassin. You must have insulted him grossly, or he would not have attempted to kill you.n This scene occurred in the middle of the day; there was no one in the room at the moment the actual-outbreak occurred,and con sequently the above conversation passed with out heing heard, except by those taking part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stoat man, Dash said: " It was your friend that insulted me; and the best thing1 you can do is to take him away with you." While the above conversation was transpir ing the tall man had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glance that was menacing, and meant danger at fome future time. The stout man seemed to possess a wonder ful influence over him, and it was only at his friend's request that he was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now took place between the two men, in the Spanish tongue. Our hero was a fine Spanish scholar, and, un known to them, heard and understood every word that passed between them. *• What led to the trouble?" asked the thick set man of the tall one. " That man recognised Gertine !" was the reply. " Recognised Gertine ? Impossible !" "Yes ; but he admitted that he did." " You have been fooled, Alonzo." " No; I tell you he said that he had seen her before." " Then he was making sport of you. It is impossible that he could have seen her before, and no oue should know that fact better than you." ] " Ah, but you do not understood; he said that he had seen some one wh=> looked 60 much like her that he could abuost svrear feat it was the same person. And to thee again, Del Fuor, none should know better than thou that tnere was but one person who looked so much like our Gertine." After a short silence, thp stout man said : " Are you sure that you did aot misunder stand the young man ?" " I am sure." "Well, Alonzo, remember that we have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shoot ing him down in the street." " I cannot be goaded." "But you must not be rash; you must apolo gise. We must make a friend of him ; then, if we cannot use him, we can remove him without any noise." Dash congratulated himself on having been taught.the Spanish language, and at the same time came the thought that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. "I will go—you are are cooler than I; yon make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by hva fru»n«V —-latter.turned Zrasn and said: " You must forgive my friend; come,let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstance., he was quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on ais guard, he was willing to take long chances to win. 