TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. liv " NUXQUAM DOBMIO." 'I'ukbk was racing and chasing o'er Fl(--iiiiiiir((((1 lwit on Tuesday uiorniiiic to WUUL'SS tlic c n u - k s putting ill their NuwuiarU-t liandicaji giillr-ns, and as Hunger Smith and his Huuti'tiHut! Stsvi' Foster, liad the tracks '• ri^lit up to the knueki'iv' the vast assouiblage of touts jiro.-ont were lewardetl by hoeing souie exeellent. tinie registered. Formyonii part, tlie collupst- of all tin.- "watch-breakers" at CaullieUl on Saturday has sort ut' stajrgereJ inv opinion as to the n-Uahilily of the time test, and yet there must be something in it after all. I cannot for th« life of jue tuaUe out how it fame about- that the horse-watt-hen; at Caul/iehi hadn't the slightest idea as to the capabilities ot the locally (rained division ,- certain is it that at Fluruiogrou. where three horses tr.-iii! to every one oil the elass'u heath, 1 uever rememlier a case of animal after animal ^ettms' home ou them without their hnviiijr accredited hjuib of ihem with a l_.it- of a eharn-e. However, that's their look-out; enough for me to give a very brief resume of the. best gallops recorded at hea.lfjtiarters on Tuesday tuornin^. ALL TUKKE and Jiavenswiiig (at intervals) were the 111 St pair to i.'u against (lie watch, the former scooting six furlongs on the sand in 1mm. L'Usee. very nicely, his exiimple lieinjf folloived by Knvtiusn-imr, who iiujiroved a shade on the -performance. Uotli of these ptads have been well Eiiup»rli'(l for Saturday's j;reat sprint event, and ,'ilihiiii^h 1 cannot brin^r lnys'-lf to the belief that oil her of I In'iu can win, 1 must acknowledge that the parties li"hind I bum are a uroat deal cleverer ,i( the o-.njie (bail ever 1 i-in possibly hope to be. IJA'I KI; on in the day Alliums held completely over that sp.'c.ly llllv S'oinnili)i(uict. f.lu) time leconied by the sen .if Sir Molred beinjj; iinin. lilsec , a <;ait which he could have improved upon •Treatly bad ihere been any necessity so to do. in fact., (in! ensy inaniier in which the gallop was nc.'oTnohslieil impressed those who witnessed it" very favourably indeel. the ITHIIPIMI conseusus of oliini.m bejn^ thai Anla>us bouuii to run forward in the Newmarket Handicap no matter liotv hot llic pace was mndH. S""i:I,.PF.AKI:I: moved freely OVPI- the same .list:.uce. taVins Iinin. 2iljiec. V'IIATHAM proved himself :i 1 horouirb artist off the mark, lhe way he cleared out from Veno and Streak o' Liyht in the first: furlonj; and a-half beiifj a treat to witness. 1 fancy he had a lump of weight ('hrjsiijes his owner, Mr. 71. tiitinan) up, too, as lie appeared to slow down after iravominji tJiree furlongs, when Veno e-ofc oil terms with him, a " set-to ensuing between the, pair, the result. Iieinu; that although the chestnut headed hint 1.30 yards from home, Chatham came a^'ain with ftrcat yamotiess, and fiuishr-d lirst by a quarter of a length, the time for the Ihree-ijUHrters of a uiile being 1 mill. 2llsec. —a re.iily excellent jierforiuanee. as afc that early hour of the mo in i no- lhe atmosphere was extremely .lease, and ;ill ayainst. tbe achievement of really fat! lime. THE Harbour LiVhl started off with THE Admiral, hut. only accompanied him for six furlongs, which were traversed in 1 mill. 2Usee.; the Champion horse beins; thi ll escorted' another six l y Tip' Ivctnr. and linishin}^ home like a lion, albeit the watch showed the mile and a-half to be covered in 2niin. IHl=ec. The Harbour Light's portion of the joni iiev was not intended to be of a. recor.i-iu.-ikiiiL,' eharae'er. but for all that it was a slci'liii'/ iSoo'l performance. 1 ne.ver j-emeniber .-ei'iin; The Admiral fo such advantage beTore, and all t^oititr u-ell w ith him the Essendon Stakes and < 'huMipion Stakes are completely at his merey. And. by ^olly. I don't knoiv if I can put the Australian Cup .juiti' beyond his grasp either. 7fe is a bobby.da/.zl.'r over a distance of ground, ant! no mistake. IT was not until lhe Jiold Ibieeleiich and the Holder Jlimgebah deployed inlo the arena, tbou^b, that the chronometers were called upon properly lo go "tick, tick, lick.'' Starling off from llie mile anil a-quarler post the pair raced slride for stride light aw'iiy down to the six furlongs in ollseo.. <o the five in Imin. -I Jsec. and to tliehalf- Hinle m I iniii. ISsee ; linngebab Bp|V.\rently holding ^.h3s owii' ;jgaiiist the (,?..!dsbrougli treliiing with .Viiisunmiate ease -albeil. then! did n..| appear to ' ' I'lst.'llb. t^ bis back. •• lJungey " is in the .Sou^jjilik of'ooriOilion at pn'Eunt, and should all ^'rf'^iitv^lvant ba tnn> alionl. llune clench being his master lireu wg need 1 not I. look 1..1- any further for the -NnunarkelHandicap winner. lint- not. me; fjiv«;" eie fltffitmiiAH — UIL'.V can have all their MuccleJJehiS."" CAMOOI.A strode over two miles, (he pace, being only maintained for the Leger distance, a mile and three-quarters of which 1 " clocked" as only occupying :hnni. ]:isee., and as the last six furlongs of 1but distanee vwas the "slickest" portion thereof, it will go without saying that the Derby winner was on his very best behaviour. 1 have always been n bit sceptical about Camoola. being a thorough game one over a distance of ground, hut. I had to view the facts impartially after witnessing this proof of his slaying abilities. I'ORTSKA supplemented an infinitude of long, slronjc work during the last month by dashing ovpr two miles in'.bnin. 42is«c.; but he is only a little 'un, and Hst. 101b. is nearly certain to anchor him. For all that ho is game as the proverbial " pebble," and may possibly fight his way into a place in the two mile and a-fjuiirter event ou Tuesday, W ii KN it was noticed that the, lion. W, A. Long was ou the ground, it was at once surmised that llirinji and Sprig o' Myrtle would be let slip, and so they were—singly, Uirinii hopped very merrily over six fmlongs—very merrily indeed; some of ilie tiuieists making biui well under lmin. ITsec,, lint as I did not catch him myself I can only nominate the time from hearsay. liicr I call vouch for Sprig o' Myrtle'e Newlir.ivket (lash only occupying Imin.' ISjsec., the Trenton —Spring Blossom coit keeping on for the entire round of the sand tracl; (eleven furlongs), registered in imin. 2Ua»i-.— identically the same lime as Autonomy took. 1 am mainly ignorant what Sjirrg o' Myrtle's mission is, hut that tus will be worth backing whenever he starts with the confidence of Ins pirty is beyond the shadow of a doubt. HKI-WEES you and I and Walter Hickenbothaui, his trainer was awfully pleased at Antajus"display on Tuesday. " Never mind, Walter," 1 overheard him cogitating to himself ns he was putting his " Waterhury " carefully away after timing" the final gallop uf the uioruiug; "yours was quite ns good us the best of them." '" And a little bit better th an mosl1 chimed in, as we turned our faces breadfastwards. Do you know that I wouldn't, be at nil surprised to see Walter leading buck the winner of the Newmarket Handicap next Sutunlay, mitl at a renj I m i g p r i c e , too. Which latter observation has a great deal more meaning in it than meets the e.ve at the first blush. And don't you forget it ! IT Mas Warm at Caultield on Saturday—Very W fti'ui. In twoor tnroudiffmmt ways. Frinstiius - Thu WiMtJier wjtf? vi'rv Sulii'j'; and thfi results nf the l'.'ices j>a,rticularly Tropical for the noble, army of punters. By crikey ! Uo«- did they catch it! Only fancy! Tho "Syndicate" didn't snavel a solitary event! And yet three races were looked upon as "dead cerls. " for Projectile, Autonomy and Vestal ill: whilst Arquebus tvus considered to bu as near a " shot bird " as possiblo for the Hawksburn Handicap. All the dayes 1liai> a racynge I never did s?,e such topscy-tin-vey.(, .,t on a racecourse. It knocked all the sfu(liu < ,,.,. of the Pressmen; the conserpiencc hping those "Curious Revivifying (Cordials " wj.jV Caterer Harry Skinner so thoughtfully pin ^ in the corner for us to put our lips 1o when feel "disposed" eviinished as if by magic. V ..-, lalk about Turf "guides, philosophers and [rieii.i-.' why, 1 don't believe there, was a darned one UJ (save and exeppt Woods, and he dou'l: c"i.ai. because be couldn't have possibly gone wroi _. ;; he tried) backed a. horse that finished }ii-: sei.'Ond all day; whilst one of our nninbcr— w:..' j generally accredited with being just ab.va'. : . "wido " as tliey make them —when he dt.-iv I, ,,] Hopetoun in a sw. e[)for(he Oakleigh Pl itc, s ;. i with so many that he had (o distribute th" st.-.;,.• amongst t hem. AND if that's how it. was among;! the--... m i l l , " how must the poor Tnvf " babes aud <0\. ;.. lings " have fallen in ! That is to say (hose ..i :• gentle public who, half- an-hour prior to the ' race, were taking Level Money (in n fie).) .1 thirteen, mark you !) that I'rojectile won)) »;>j the Alma Stakes, and 'Twelve to One ih.i! Autonomy would win the O.tk-Jeigh rial.) :n;,| Vestatia the O.tklcigh Purse : And yet a h) t-. I chance snavelled tho first, a, 20 to 1 the sc c-. i mid a 10 to 1 tlu third. Which wns all real -j. , i business for the bookies, who have not. had any : "•.- best of the deal for some months now, and t>, whom ttie unexpected windfall of Saturday IUI.-C come as a sort of " depression" reliever, .nrl enable thorn to buttle along with more fern.in during the rest of the Autumn campaign. DKSI'ITk the enervating heat, the surromi'lb.^, at Caulfield made the owting a thoroughly eti i' v- alile one in so far as enjoyment pure ami snnolv was concerned, and although the attendance was not up to that at the more classic reunions of tin; spring, it was a somewhat fair one all 1 l.e same, as evidenced by the fact that the conv.ui'.t. .; insisted upon all and sundry joining in the invit,; Come and 'live a glass along o' me" after '.li.- uproar was over, whilst. Secretary Hitrrie Siniili forgot for the nonce his official " brusijuencss." airl stood revealed his own perfect self. To travel through the programme sm'.ifim, tie' Alum Stakes, of five lurlongs, a handicap for mo. year-olds, appeared fo be such a real good tiling for Projectile (by Chester out of Perciissiout liiat he opened out and started at even money agaiid. a dozen opposers, the best.suppcrted of the ' I'),r: being Moth at 5 to 1 and La Gloria at S's : l'a! 1.11 and Somniloquist being at Ill's, 'l he favounte got well positioned at the star)-, mid along 11* railway side held tlio pride of place, bis imijn-.i;:.!.' attendants hping Tyke, Patron and SoiJiiiihupiist. Entering the straight with a clear lead of Patron and Somnilociuisr, a terrific struggle ensued, hut Mr. F. W. Parches'colt Patron (hvGrand Fin:,cor from Olga) struggling most gamely, managed in squeeze past Projectile in (he last half-.i' »•« strides, closely followed by Soniuilo.piist. illresult' being 11 win for Patron by a long heail. with Somniloquist a neck in advance of l!;.- favourite; with La Gloria a. good i'omth iut.1 Moth fifth. Time, Iinin. TJsic. PATUON'S victory with Hst. 121b. to ,S>iiniiU quist's 7-H and Projectile's K.1.0 stamps him a promising Derby colt, and although the tnue \ua bit slow this was to bo accounted (or by (inflict that there was a stiff breeze against tin: contestants the greater portion of tin* journey. IN afield of fourteen for the mile and a-iail Hurdle liace, Mr. Thomas Naghlcn's Pateena was considered good enough to back down lo ,"> 10 -. more especially as she had the assistance of li;i veteran J*ouimy Corrigan. Bolton and liairla also met with fair support, whilst towards tip close ol the pencilling-operations Wairuu (io.Ii'i came with a rattle, and was backed so spirit "ily that 6 to 1 was the best oiter against liini vim the flag fell. In the skilful hands of Joe (ijiv.jiinr he proved a jusrfect " rnonte," as he was kepi i" a good position until entering the straight, wbe: eb' joined issue with Banda (11.3) and leaving him® lie Irked in the run home won easily by ti*'- 1 lengths, The Victim (9.11) finishing a sii'iilif distance behind Banda, and being followed liy Sea Song (f).8),.Pateen:t (lf).(i) and Bolton i Time, 3tuin. DOKINO the race Chapman baulked at tin firs! hurdle, Spurwing toll and broke his neck, nnJ W.H.C. lost, his rider (Wise). THERE was an indecent haste displayed i on to Autonomy (fl.4) for the. OakJeigii Ph. five furlongs, and at one time fi to 1 was en gerlri accepted about him, albeit later on a movement in Premier's (7.») favour caused the Imlf-lnoth' to Uungebah to lengthen a point, whilst Pi- ini started at 9 to 2. There were not. wanting I.ot however, who could not help meditating . "• ti fact that, when the " devil's number " (1:S) Mailiij for the first race the howling favourite finish nearer than third, and so they i-unrrft about for some good outsider to take a shot as a result of wdiich Lysia at C to 1, llirinji at and Emblem at 10's received somo atteali' But nobody dreamt of giving Lord Hop'tmi 0.1) a possible chance, more especially when ii inglorious display at Kpsotu (where lie iinie't dead last) was taken into consideration, ivujil with the ominou6fact that he had—presum^'jlv to be driven out on to the straight and down the post at the end of a formidable-! stockwhip Birinji, Sanfoin, Emblem and notny wero the first to take leading positioi.s, li^u along the railway side Emblem shot to the fn« being followed by Sainfoin, Autouomy, Poiini 1 and Gladstone. Coming down to ami roundir into the straight the colours of Gladstone Premier were most prominent, the former n}>)' ing to open out from the rails as if to let P up, and then closing in again and chopping' 1 ' right back as Young Dawes attempted 1 advantage of the opening. At the distance! 1 Gladstone and Autonomy were in the I N ™ r fj...ii. sliaq) and decisive struggle between the |,.i!i eventuating in Autonomy cutting it most unmistakably, the victory of the " grand old ii,-M.lcr" being loudly proclaimed, until within I .v i yards of the post, when Lord Hopetou« was j,. .. l ived making a terrific effort in the centre of In- which landed liim first past tlie post l)v '«o lengths, Gladstone euchring Autonomy ),',>• econd place hy the same distance, with lV-mier fourth and Anticus fifth. Time, lmin. \ i 1KB this event was decided Tom Sanders, the l Uli r of Lord Hopetoun, was requested to iuter- ,-iV~ the stewards in respect of the eurious ,|,-\'rlopments with regard to His Excellency " in I he Moi- dialloc Handicap at Epsom on the Tuesday im wous, in which, carrying ftst., and being ||i]i.tcd (by the Argus') as starling at 10 to 1, nit hough at one time on the 3 to 1 mark, he liii'-liod absolutely last iu a field of twelve ,.|,i> r-t'rs. At least that was what the hoi poMoi (m i he vulgar tongue " riff-raff")—auiongst. whom tindl.v count; Yours Truly a unit—considered that tli" and festive Tomuiy was " carpeted " over, iiii'i as they didn't appear to arrive at any satisj,irr,iiy conclusion either one way or the other,they adjourned the inquiry and eventually "burked" it. Si me WHAT razzle-dazzled by the ignoble exhibitions of Projectile and Autonomy, the pensive jiimters still stuck 1f> the Syndicate's colours, .m i. strong iu the faith that Vestatia's victory in tin' Trial Stakes at Mai-ibyrnong (wheie she wu- returned as traversing the five furlongs in limn. IJsec.) was but the forerunner of more brilliant achievements, dabbed their pieces down oil the daughter of Chester and Volley for the OAicigh Purse, of five and a-half furlongs, until lin-y brought her to 7 to 2, Meanwhile the Flemington touts had been singing the praises of Sprig o' Myrtle (a beautifully-framed colt by Trenton from Spring Blossom),and as he belonged to the lion. W. A. Long, and carried the well- I,-n,-wn Tom Brown polish, it was small cause for wonderment that hp should see 4- to 1 by the time Starter Watson tool; the sixteen contestants in hand. There were a few choice spirits who imagined that War Dance was likely to have " a diui'-e," and as Dame Rumour had credited Mr. J. II. Hivis's colt with being much better than lus hull-brother, Comedian, it almost looked as if the ehniee spirits aforesaid had good aad sufficient warranty for supportinghinidown to 7 tol. Others aiain fancied Cullodeu, who started atH's; whilst ;it M s the NewZealand bred Omaha.(by Armament frwii Cornelia), who carried Kst. lull)., was far tuna friendless. War Dunce was first away, but i.iili' l to maintain his advantage, being quickly passed by The 'Waif, Omaha and Vcstatia ; Sprig <i Myrtle and Streak o' Light being amongst the second division. Approaching the home turn ii,nulla rushed to the front, and never afterwards liping headed won cleverly by a length and a- quintur from Yestatia (Nst.), who was a short tii'ii'l in advance of Streak o' Light (7.10), after wlm.-ii came The Waif (7.">), Sprig o' Myrtle fS !»> and li'nelhveod (K.7) in order. Time, luiin. 12jsec. THE super-excellence of Mr 13. T. Barnard's aj)]i irrionments for the Divided Handicap is best exemplified by two facts. Iu the first place, two mmplote outsiders got home ; and iu the second [ilai.i' there was only a quarter of a second di (fortune in the time in the two races. Ti:oja.v carried lift. 31b. and won the two-mile Steeplechase like a Trojan. He certainly didn't behave like a Trojan at Bacchus Marsh, when tlie " Greeks " laid (i to 4 on hini; but then that didn't count. " The King is deid !" " Long live tin- King!" His friends backed him down to to 1 uii Saturday, whilst the backers of Cauiperdown aiid Drfburg accepted 4 and S to 1 respectively. Cauiperdown blundered badly at one fence, doming it heavily; but I don't tliink lie would liavp had a ghost of a chance against Trojan, who deflated Cornet, Vimeira and six others by six lengths in •lmin. 18sec. Tin: Hawksburn Handicap, of one mile, brought tin 1 afreruoon's "divarshun" to a close. For tliis sixteen saddled up, Yarran (fi.l) starting favourite at t to 1, then coming The Dancer (S.-l at r> to 1, followed by Arquebus (7.W) and Maggie (ti.7) at (5 to 1, and Sternchaser at 7 to 1. Steadfast made the running for fivn furlongs from Arquebus, Little Maid, Yarran and Sternchaser; The Dancer falling back at the hilt-mile post. Once fairly in the straight the rjon was all over, Sternchaser fairly romping over the others, and Bailing home an easy winner by tiro lengths from Dramatist, another two lengths Miind whom came Little Maid, Competency, IViora and Arquebus. Time (exceedingly goad), lmin. 44jsec. 1 have nodesire to attempt to point "a moral," lint 1 must- perforce adovn the previous tale" by siring it as my humble opinoin that Steadfast, Si'iiin o' Myrtle and Antxuk will be well served I'J their respective gallops last Saturday, and that each and all of them will win a race during ftcV.li.C. Autumn Meeting. 1 j;i:t Harry Tibballs at Caulfield, and he ntoriued me that he is having a very harassing "»» with lisdleap, whom lie would like to ring to the post fit and wall on Tuesday tek. I sincerely hope he will succeed in doing i, an.l meanwhile his admirers can lay the altering unction to their souls that, if there is "y 'can in Victoria can bring Hcdleap fit and ell t,, the post, Harry Tibballs—of Malua (then a goi i and Stockwell renown—is that identical It's no use,! I can't get over the depressing W> of last Saturday. Boy! The Mace ! I ?l)a,-don, I mean the Lvar! Thanks!— pun - er pale sat on a. stone, nd le nt his breast, and made great moan— A week ago I had lots of tin, 1, 1 1 "cut to Caulfield and ' did it iu.' am wary • life's a burden 'wn one has no golden guerdon." ben si raightway from the stone ha rose up, "ft " Hough on Hats " and turned his toes up. fci Bow that weary, woe-worn wight wobbling through the egwekeit 