Joe Belton's Revenge. y'-;:/.1 ?. at ALvnRD 8. nonnAon, Ilia uamo vm3 Jo3i;ph Helton, but hia mates on board tlio liyhtchip oallod him Qriai Jao. Ilia Krir.r.lcd beard and enn-tanned fcco mid hnndo told oi lifo in tho open air. Joe lir.il h::u foreign corvico in tho navy, llo h^d ntood to bin cun and never flinehed amid tho hell ol llama and ,, .; nhot V7Hioli rained from tho forla ol im pregnablo .Sobi^topol ; ho hr.d ohnEcd the : sla?er, and bron(;ht tho irounin;;, hnfiled Arab trader to lib fcneca ; ho had v/cr.tliorcd : a hundred fuiiotia ctorma aud hurrier,tir.3 in !, tho mid- ocosn, r.nd ljr.il, ar.vo tho lo'n o! ono '. ? linger on hin n'aht hand, oomo corUhlua out 0(011. Too lose o! tha Rnp,cr iuoapr.oitatcd Joo Bclton for nctivo norvico, and ho rotircd on ? his ponoion, and for como timo lived at a Selling villn(jo on the Hasos coast. But Joo got tired of mooning about nith fon hotter oompamons than tho ' 'lone3'1010 men,' v?ho regarded him \vith crG^t renpaot, and ucvor . yarned in bio prcccnca. 10 wna only to tho visitors that thoy lot their imnniuationn ran fanoy freo, but tool: cood caro ncvor to dwoll upon their pnrilouo ndventuroo and hair breadth ccoapca v;hon Joo Bolton was v?itbin hearing, or vjhen tho otorica wero likely to be repeated to him. ?: A vaoanoy ooaurred on hoard the Uiddlo strand Utjhithip, and Joo applied for it. Ho 7ms at oneo nccoptcd, no ho had loft tho navy ? with a oloan sheet and nuoh a character as anyhoncDtman'iniyht bn truly proud of. Joo llolton v,*na a baoholor. llo had loved, and loved in vnin. and, ne ho put it, ' hauled in his lioart'o tackle, and otor,-cd it away for evor.' Nobody lmo\7 tnuoh about the otory, ? savo that Joo had talion hio dicappointment very much to heart ; and nobody oared to . .question him on tho nubjeot, for Joe'o faco would p,rov7 dark and forbidding at tho alightest V7ord of olinC relatinc to his lonely life. 'Look hero, lado,' ho naid, ono day, 'yon'vo pot vivca and younnotera anhoro, ? and when tho wind ronrn 'at night, thoy aro thinking and prayiiifr for you, though thoy know that a liGbtship io tho caloot craft that floats. Bo thonkful you aro not liko me, who cares for nobody, and for whom no hods oareo. Heinho ! Nov; TU p,o and havo a turn ot tho rcdeotore,' On duty or ofl duty, whenover Joo Bolton \7as upset, ho would havo 'a turn at tho ra fleotors.' 'Elbow greane' seamed to bo tho only salvo to his v/ounded heart, and ho would keep on polishing until tho reflectors .' werolltio burninhed mirrors of silver ; and, os it woro, ho rubbed away tho gloom from hi3 faoc, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joo had his ceasouoof eilenceand dejeotod noso. Whonover ho wao ' off his bncey,' and road from a treasured oopy ot Milton's poems, his mates winked at each other, . and loft bim alono until tho fit had passed away. Ono night, after Joo had gono to his ham oook, Pbil Oxloy found that a leaf in tho booh had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with tho remark that Joo mast bo in a very bad way indeed. 'Bsad them lines ho'o marked with a poncil,' ho said. 11 Head 'om aloud, Jim, for yoa know that I'm not muoh of a Bobolard.' Jim Dawling wao willing to oblige, and, in a low tono ot voico, read : ' Honoo, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebns and blaokcst midnight born In Stygian oave forlorn, 'Mongnt horrid chapoo, and ohrioka, and sights unholy find ont como uncouth coll, Whora brooding Darkness sproado his JealouB wings And the night raven sings; Thoro, undor obon shades, and low-browed rooko As jagged as thy looks, In dark Cimmerian decort ovor dwell.' 'I don't understand muoh about it,' Phi' said, ' but I daresay it's all right. Tho only thing in my lino is tho low-browod rooks. Jior', what a head that 'ero Milton must havo Iiad, to bo suro 1 Bat I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joo. I o'poso it wouldn't bo tight to bido tho book, would it, now ?' ' I wouldn't undertake to do it for doublo leavo with doublo pay,' Jim Dawling roplied. »? My missus— and, bless her heart, she's still my sweetheart— knows somothing about how Joe wao jilted. Yoa ceo, Phil, ouoh a story gctB handed down from ono to tho other, and givoo the pooplo something to talk about ovor tho flro on winter niRhts. Why, bless you, Jim, tho stories my old grandfather uced to toll about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted tho.ooast when ho wasayoungman, would make your hair ourl like— liko thin rashes o' baoon in a frying-pan.' Phil Oxloy wn3 about to request tho favor of tho repetition of ono of theoo blood curdling yarns, when bi3 eyes grew round , and his month oponod to its utmost limits. 'Iiookl Look thero 1' ho gasped. . Jim Dawlins'a faco grew ashy paio aa ho turnod slowly. Thero woo somo vaguo notion in his mind at that momont— and Jim had liis full sharo of superstition, and perhaps a littlo ovor— that tho ghost of his grandfather bad como to polish up his momory; but in stead of a speotro ho cow Joo Bolton. His oyen were fixed and staring, his arms hanging 'loosely at his side, and his movements, no if ?Jho wero measuring ovcry step oarefully, pro Claimed that ho was walking in his oleop. ? Suddenly ho stopped, and, stooping down, felt about whero ho had left tho oopy of Jlil ton's poems. Saarcoly knowing what ho did, Jin Dawling pushed tho book noiselessly within tho somnambulist's rcaoh. Joo Belton took up tho tho volumo, and mattered : ''Henoo, loathed Molanoholy, Of Erobuo and blaokcst midnight bom and thon, with a dork expression of face and furious gesture, hurled tho boob from bim : ? Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair wa3 rising on his head, and that ho wao as damp ' ' all ovor with perspiration or if tho oabin ? bad been ouddenly oonnected with a slow oven. Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, ' but eimply oat and stared. He felt that ho woo so rooted to the looker, .that had a gun proolaimod a vosselin danger, little abort of otcam power oould havo lilted . ' bim to his feet. ? Joo Belton oronood tho floor, end stopping ? abort against tho wall, loaned his arm heavilv upon it, and b?gan to spoak. 'Well, Nnnoy,'ho oaid, 'you know boot. . I havo tried to win your heart, not to oteal it, liko o common thief. You havo allowed voar cars to bo poisoned against mo by Calob i v. ..froze. Ho io my rival, and would oay any j ' Ibing against mo. I owcar by Him that made mo, and whoso hand rules tho land and eea, that at tho timo Eazo saya I was in \ - ' Portsmouth, I tv;o daya on a journey to \- --llalta.' ' He ccaeedopcaking, and raiced his head as : ' U waiting for a reply to hio avowul. ' : 'Joa doubt mo,' ho continued, in tho »£-!eo of n strong man oubduiDp his passion. 'I eoo it written on your face ; I read- it in your cyc3. And it isn't doubt, Nonoy ; you V'.f.s want to And an e::ouco to got rid of mo. You iil&'fyr or Caleb B)W. What 1 you cay no 1 I My yes. 'Well I'll go; for I'd sooner 1 plunge into tho sea with a ohot at ray heels ?tban marry a fiirl who did not plseo her v- ;.*fb61e faith iD rie.' .' ''f Joo Belton r.v:ay a few paocs, and tben turned b:\ck ocain. ' 'Tell Caleb Ko:-.o to G'vo mo a wido berth,' iS;;hesaid. ' I'vo alwoya thought it was my S;;''inatnra {o'forget nna-forpivs, boS 'I'll never forgot o- forgivo Chqmati wboi:o lying tonguo blighted m.v lifo and trrncd my heart to 5'frjtall.' : Toll him no— tell b'iui to keep beyond. ' 'ibar'aci' of mv arm : and Bood-bie, Nonoy— r-\t ' ' Ido namnambutlot crossed tno oabin, an a, .passing oul, wont calmly baok to hls^ham mook, os4f ho was weary, and his watob' bo low had just began. For somo moments Phil Oslcy and Jim Dawling did not speak, but at length Phil b.oko tho silonco. ' What — v/hat d'yo think o' that?' ho asked, scarcely abovo his breath. ' It'a tha awfullcat thing I over saw. Lor', I'vo got tho pins and needles all ovor mo l'_ ' I think,' Jim Dawlinf: replied, ' that tho best tiling Grim Joo can do is to go a'-ihoro and ceo a dootor no quick as poaoiblo.' 'But tho relief boat won't bo hero for- moi'ti a vicek, and you kno'.y tho penalties for any man quitting tho ship without loavo. Dliall wo tellJoohowhc'D been carry inr» nil ?' Jim Dawling turned tho question over in his mind for como moments, and ropliod in tho nogativo, 'What good would it do?' lio argued. ' It would only frighton him and make him the moro mioerablo to think that ho had been walking and talkingin hia sleep. \Vo'd_ bettor keop a oloco watoh over him, and mention tho matter to tliu olUcor. llo knowo Grim Joe'o \vaye, and will And oomo oiouco to gca him ashoro.' It v/aa a dark, wild MaroU night. Tho wind was blowing hard, and tho cca ran high. Every now and thon tho lightning glared upon tho Btorm-toc3mi ocean and tho distant desolate coast, and tho thunder roared as if tearing tho mighty pilca of clouds asunder. Whilo Oiloy and Dawling woro yot_ discus sing Grim Joo'o bout of sleep-walking, aud promising to divulgo it to no other tnau on board, tlio hoaroo roar of tho foghorn rent tho air. Aa faot as their feet could carry thom, O:;loy andDawliogrunhcd on dcok, nnd thoy wcro quickly followed by Joo Bolton, who, having slipped bis legs into hip slacks, oom plated tho rest of his toilet, sailor-Iiko, as ho wont to whero duty called him. 'Thero was a llaro shown out oouth'ard,' ,caid tho man who had sounded tho alarm ; 'and oneo I thought I saw a vessel, buji at first I thought tho lightning had dcoeived mo. Look 1 look 1 Thero oho is.' ' Sho'o running on to tho sands,' Joo Bolton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, ' and Heaven help her and all on board if she doons't sheer oC. Keop tho horn going. It an out tho gun, and give her louder warning. What does tho oaptain mean by running into tho jaws of death liko this ? Ho must be oither drunk or mad.' Crash 1 went the report of tho gun. It wao answered by another, and a red flaro, whioh told its own story only two well. 'She's loet her holm,' Jim Dawling said. 'Soo how sho rolls and flounders. May tho Lord rond the wind about 1 Ah, sho strikes 1 sho strikes I Poor souls, thoy aro loot, every ono 1' Tho guno wero now being answorod by an other lightship, oomo (ivo miles distant, and at tho nearest lifeboat station man wero making hasto to' help tho shipwreoked mari ners. Lights flashed, guno boomed, tho fog horn soreeohed, and men shouted — alas, all in vain I Tho hapless ve3Bol, driven on tho sands, wao doomed to destruction. Ao ito keel struck upon tho troaoherous sands it groaned and shuddered like somo hugo living thing in pain. And, ao if in mookery, tho wind howled loudor, and its furiouo gusts drovo tho waves mountain-high. Sheets of foam and surf flow over the lightship, blinding tho mon, who clung, aaarcely breathing, to the rigging. ' ' Tho lifeboat will never reaoh her,' some body shouted. '? Listen.' Amid tbo uproar oatno tho crashing of timber, and then ouoh a ory of despair as mado tho stouteot heart sink and quake. ' She'a settling down, ' Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in tho storm. ' But see 1 one poor fellow has tiUBteil himself to a spar, and io drifting away frcm tho ship. Ho might as well place faith in a straw. Heaven help ub, \?g can do nothing. Oar boats would crack liko nut3holls in ouoh a DOB. At that momont tho sky becamo oblazo with a torrifio flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and tbey showed tho despairing figure clinging with tho strength of agony to tho spar. His features woro as plainly scon as if a ray ol limelight had been turned on them, and oven tho convulsive notion ot hia hands, ao ho tried to pull him self higher and higher into tho tangled oord ago, wao visiblo. ' Lads,' said Joo Bolton, pulling hia oonth wester tightly ovor his head, *' I am going aftor that man, but I don't ask any one eleo hero to run tho risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats tho man who did mo the greatest wrong I over endured. I want him to see mo beforo ho go3s under. I want him to know that I havo had my rovongo at last.' ' You aro mad,' Phil Oxley oriod. ?' Joo I Joo 1 yon aro not yourself; you arc dream ing. Oan't you seo that you will bo com mitting suicide? All that any man hero can do io to stand by, and iling a lifo-buoy to tho poor wretah if ho happens to pass this way.' ' Stand baok, yon, Phil Oxloy, and you all,' Joo Bolton yolled, snatching np an nxo, as tho mon advanced towards him. 11 Sano or mad, I will havo my way, and I am going. Stand baok, I oay ; tho man who thinks of trying to stop mo had better say hio prayers.' 'Gooi-byo, thon, Joo,' said Jim Dawling. 'Wo'ro not afraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless acts. Look at tho sea, listen to tho wind, and toll mo if anything but a well-manned lifeboat can livo five minutes.' ' I don't expect to como baok,' Joo Belton retorted. 'I only want him to oatoh sight of mo, and I Bhall bo satisfied.' As ho spoko ho out away tho davits, and leaped into tho boat ao it plunged into the boiling surge. Tho distraotod mon thought that tho frail oratt and Joo Bolton and beon drawn undor tho light-ship, and thoy raised a spontaneous ahout as thoy saw the dctsrminined man pulling with all hio might. And then thoy loot oight ot him in tho trough of tho njighty waves ohaBing each other in mad haote. 'He's a dead man,'' l'hil Oxloy wailed ' But what oould wo do ? He'd havo kept hio word, and killed tho first man who at tempted to stop him. And now ho's gono for ovor! I'oorJool' But no ; the man bent on so strango an orrand appeared to havo a charmed lifo. Tho boat redo tho waves liko a swan, and nearer and nearer it drew to tho spar with ito wrotchcd burdon ot humanity, hoping against hope, and crying in heartrending no cants for holp whon it soemod no earthly help could come. When within a few yards of tho drowning man, Joe Bolton turned the blades ot the oars flat to tho water and leaned ovor tho gunwale. ' Oalob Eoze,' ho shouted, in a voioo that rcoo abovo tho wind and tho turbulont ooean, 'You know mo. Look at me. I am Joo Bolton, tho mon whoso heart you killed— tho mon whoso better naturo you slow with your lying tongue. I havo como hero to see you dio, Do your heor? I havo como to cco you dio.' Rozo wan a powerful, musoulor man, but ?hio strength wao nearly spent. Ho hoard Joo Belton'o torriblo words, and a cry of anguish burst from his lips; yot in that agony ot despair ho mado ono moro effort, deserted tho spar, and clutched frantioally at tho boat. ?'i'al-.o your hands away, or I will boat them off I' Joo Bolton yelled. ' Do you ro member tbo lio you uttered/ You toldXoncy that I was only fooling with her, and that you had soon mo in tho company of my real sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with you I Down, down, and drown liko a dog I' I 'Jool Joo 1' shrieked tho frnntio man, ' it you beat ma off it will bo murder. If you have no pity on me, think of my wife | and children, Xaluk bow they will aim me, ma breadwinner. Tnink liuw tbey luvr mo, and bow 1 lovo thom, Ob, it is hard t dio liko this, almost in sight of homo, 1. God takes my life, Ilogavoitj but you an only a man, and not my judge. Unto mo at you will, Joo, but givo mo n ohnnco, onu earn tho thanks and prayers of inr.ooent ohildren who havo dono you no harm — little ohildren who aro ignorant that their father over wronged yon in thought or deed.' Tho very storm eeorned to hush ita voioo that tho words of this appeal might be hoard, and tho tnan who had risked hia lifo to see hia enemy dio beforo his oyoo becamo as a little child himself. With tho otrongth of a Giant ho palled Caleb Ho:;o into tho boat, just as a shout from tho men orawded in tho rigging of tho wrcok annpunced that tho lifeboat wao ooming. Ho awoonod, and tho boat floated av/ay at tho mcroy of tho wavoo, and tho last flash of lightning— for tho storm cloudn wero now rolling away— showod it indistinctly plung ing shoroward3, ocoupied apparently by ono man, rowing ao for dear lifo; but hidden from viow wao another man, who lay in animate, holplc3P, and a moro mr.ooof huddlod olothing. 0 0 f a Thero wao a rash to tho Sailoro' Homo at Bhcllsca, for tho lifoboatmcn had dono their daty nobly, and out of all tho crow of tho vessel, now o wrcok on tho Middlcotrnnd sands, only ono mon wao missing — Caleb Eozo. Tho otory about Joo Belton soon got afloat. It wao told and retold, with many alterations and additions, ond ovorybody wao making up his and her mind that Joe had first hnd his rovongo, ond thrown himself into tho ocean afterwards, when, cool as a cucumber, Joe Belton himself marched into tho Sailors' Homo. 'I want to seo tho chaplain,' ho said. ' I havo something particular to say to him. If any of you want a job, you can tako a trolly ond bring along a boot that bolonga to tho lightship from Hovo.' Tho chaplain lost no timo in interviewing hio unexpected visitor, and Icarnod from, him that Calob Bozo wao not only safe, but by that timo being attonded to by hio own wife at home. ' I couldn't faco her,' Joo Belton oaid, ' so I sent him on by oomo fishermen. When I think, sir, how narrowly I esoaped having tho blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will sit down a moment, if yon ploaoo, sir.' 'Bolton,' replied tbo chaplain, 'you played two parts, but tho better ono pre vailed. Bury the past, and remember that wo mortals arc ever weak. To err i3 human ; to forgivo divine.' Thoro aro people down Hovo way who will point you out on old man wandering on tho boaoh, with littlo children hovering round him, and toll you that t he fatbor of tho youngstoro is at sea, and that ho who watohe3 thom with so much tenderness liven in a cottagc on tho olifi, but comes down every day for a walk with tho littlo ones. And hia name io Joo Bolton, who looks upon his aot ot revenge aa tho beat ono ho evor performed in hia life, 