THE RETIRING ADDRESS. My Dear Fathers and Brethren, — In retiring from the chair of the Conference, into which by your election I was placed 12 months since, I am constrained, first of all, to acknow ledge the goodness of God and the encouraging signs of His continued presence in our church. Peace and harmony have been unbroken all through the year. The ranks of the minis terial brotherhood have not been invaded by death, and each minister has remained in loyal attachment to his sacred vocation. The agencies withm the church, maintained by a noble band of men and women whose hearts God has touched, have continued with sus tained efficiency. The best of all is that during the year such a gracious revival of God's work has been granted in very many of our circuits that the increase in members is greater (being 1815 in the colonies, and 744, in the missions, 2559 in all) than in any year since the New South Wales and Queensland Conference was formed. A very encouraging feature of this progressive work has beer, that special means have meant the special blessing upon ordinary means ; and upon ministers and lay agents in the1 very centres where the increase has been greatest. It may be eagerly asked, What has led to this ? I answer, No change in our creed to make a Christianity something different from the Christianity of Jesus Christ Himself. No lowering the moral standard to make a religious life less spiritual and devout than the supreme will of God enacts. No substitution of a mere form or ceremonial observance to make an [esthetic service in God's house an amusement rather than a soul-sifting and a soul-stirring means of salvation. It haB come about in answer to prayer, and the Spirit of the living God employing the Living Word. If we did not honour tne Holy Ghost in this encouraging result, we have reason to fear and believe that He would dishonour us by withdrawing His influence, and, being grieved, withdraw Him self. We have proved all through this year that sin-stricken and truth-seeking' humanity does not want a new Gospel or a second Christ or a new dispensation — different from the dispensation of the Holy Spirit. Men full of the Holy Ghost and of faith have been men to best fill their churches ; and the faithful, affectionate, and persistent ministry of the Word has been the ministry ro save. SUNDAY SCHOOLS. In many churches in this land a great source of joy has been the numerous con versions of children and young persons in our Sunday- schools. The work of Sunday-school teachers and officers has been crowned by an abundant blessing from God. The work ac complished by this devoted class in the church is of the utmost value, for that work tells directly on the future of the church, the godliness in the home, and the purity and moral tone of the nation. If we are looking to our young people to become noble men and women in future years, adorning the family name with honour and the church with a vigorous and full orbed religion, we are look ing to the superintendents, the officers, and the teachers in our Sunday-schools in a large measure to accomplish this. It is therefore a cause of widespread gratitude to God that during the past year the seals of the Church's Divine Head, even the Lord Jesus, have been put upon this department of Christian labour. If parents and the elder members of families could be brought to see the importance of following up this work by sympathy and co-operation in conserving what has been done and in aiding to secure yet more glorious results, there is no telling how extensive and how permanent this revival of God's work would be. TONGA. One of the most important meetings held during the year was that of the Tongan Com mittee in Melbourne, to consider the state of the affairs of our church in the Friendly Islands, and to determine on the advisableness of the return of the Rev. James Egan Moulton to that scene of his former labours in which he is held in such strong and deep affection. The holding of that meeting in volved an outlay of money, and a giving of time on the part of both ministers and laymen which nothing could justify but the serious nature of the measures adopted and the far reaching issues touching the peace and prosperity of our church in those islands. But the committee could not forget the loyalty of our Methodist people in a time of great trial ; it could not forget the suffering, privation, and even- death to which our faithful people were subjected. In a season of fearful persecution, which was utterly unmerited, and that persecution framed tod carried on in a cruel manner by those who should have stood firm to Methodism, the native Wesleyan Methodists of all ranks deserve our deepest sympathy. The result of the deliberations of that committee was all, or nearly all, that the well-wishers of Tonga could desire. The faithful services and Christ like devotion of Bro. Moulton were in the most caiidid manner acknowledged, and his re-appointment was left with our own Confer ence if, on further enquiry, it was found that this could be done consistent with the peace and prosperity of the churches in those lands. And here I must refer to the -death of His Majesty King George, of Tonga, at the ad vanced age of 96. In former days he ren dered gx-eat service in advancing the cause of Methodism in the South Sea Islands, and that service cannot be forgotten by us. We sympathise with the people in their loss. His character as a king, and as a leader of his people, has been an illustration of the power of the Gospel to transform a heathen from darkness and cruel superstition into a Chris tian, whose influence for good has been such that only eternity can reveal. THE iECUMEN ICAL CONFERENCE. During the year a notable volume has been published, to which we can turn for official information. The proceedings of the second ^Ecumenical Methodist Conference, held in Washington, America, reveals the progress and condition of the var ious branches of the Methodist Church throughout the world. There is an encouraging and inspiring signifi cance in the holding of the Council. From all parts of the world the 500 delegates were gathered, and Australian Wesleyan Metho dism was not unworthily represented. While in some countries the increase of the popula tion was from 10 to 15 per cent., the increase of Methodism was from 25 to 30 percent. The strength of this organisation, which was raised up by God for spreading Scriptural holiness throughout the world, was indicated by 42,600 ministers, 6,494,000 church members, and fully 25,378,000 adherents. In purity of doctrine, as held by John Wesley, these churches remain one. In helping to bring about the organic union of Methodists, this Council is of immense value. In fact, so strong was the feeling of different repredfentives of the different churches in this direction that it seemed as if God had raised up this vary ^Ecumenical Conference to materially aid in the consummation of organic union. Some, it is true, did not favour it, deeming it as impr ictioable and expensive. But says a writer who is well acquainted with the Council and its objects, ' So long as the world is what it is, and the great English-speaking peoples are what they are, it is absolutely necessary for the interchange of thought, for the progress of truth, for the diffusion of sympathy, for the promotion of unity, for the removal of misunderstanding, for the consolidation of existing interests, for the effective couduct of aggressive operations that these great. ' con ventions,' 'conferences,' 'councils,' 'con gresses,' should be held from time to time. They issue no edicts, they promulgate no dogmas ; but they cement churches and nations, they enlarge the mental horizon of multitudes, they do something to prepare the way for ' the parliament of man,' the federation of the world, and, what is far better, the universal reign of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.' It is not in a self complacent spirit that this subject is touched. But to prompt us to continue the saying — in the spirit of gratitude, faith, and zeal — ' What' hath God wrought.' It is with pleasure that I mention that our own Conference, last year, took another step towards the organic union of all the Methodist Churches in Australia. If a few more such steps are taken, the goal will be reached. The Committee consisting of representatives of all the branches of Metho dism met in the Centenary Hall, and a basis of union was agreed upon The thought of union is taking hold of many minds, and the feeling is 'Tapidly growing that both Metho dist divisions and all other divisions in the Protestant Churches should be lessened, and some form of union established. LADY MISSIONARIES. Anothe1- event has transpired which I cannot pass over in silence. . Soon after our last Conference closed it was my privilege to address a few parting words to two noble and devoted young women of our church, who, bidding adieu to the comforts of home life, and the pleasures of church fellowship, the protection, and social advantages secured by civilized society, they, in a Christlike spirit, offered themselves for work in New Guinea. To think of the barbarism and cruelty in that land, the heathenish darkness, and revolting superstitions there prevalent, and then to think that these sisters confronted all this, and for the sake of perishing souls voluntered [ to go forth to win these souls for Christ ; surely they deserve, and shall have, the name of heroines of the cross. I regard it as an honour to have been asked in the name of the Conference, and the Wesleyan Methodist church, to speak a few words of encourage ment and counsel to them. I know they have your sympathy, and will continue to have .your prayers. The church — I mean the Protestant Church — has been a long time hesitating, and wondering what to do with Godly and talented women. Now it seems the problem is solved — put them to work in spheres where they can serve Christ's cause a3 well, if not better than men When we reflect upon the many ways the women in the days of the apostles and the church of the earlier centuries served the cause of God, this hesitation seems very remarkable. Was not Priscilla a teacher of Divine Truth to the first great orator of the church — I mean Apollas ? And why should not these sisters go to New Guinea to teach the Natives the first principles of the oracles of God ? And it is not without significance that Prisoilla's name stands before AquilVs. It is not an easy matter, to predict what this new move ment will result in. Certain it is that the use of the consecrated talent of the women of Methodism will contribute in no small degree to the extension of the work of God. The same truth is evidently influencing the other churches, and, indeed, nearly all in every part of the civilized world. In this connection I may mention how sincerely the Methodist Church in this land rejoiced with our bre thren of the Baptist Church in the celebra tion of the centenary of the foundation of their missions, under the direction of the heroic William Carey. And I am glad that, at the meeting in this city, Methodism was represented by one of our best- known ministers, the Rev. G. Lane. As we are a missionary people, we could rejoice in all their missionary success. OUR COLLEGES. In the briefest manner possible I wish to mention two or three Connexional subjects, which are of great interest and importance to us all. We all rejoice at the progress of the Ladies' College at Burwood, and the erec tion and opening of that fine new dining hall, and the excellent rooms above it, at a cost of over £2,000, the gift of Mrs. Schofield. New ington College, though having lost the ser vices of Mr. Williams, will, we believe, and earnestly hope, grow to be a more pros perous educational institution than ever under the care of one of the ablest university scholars in Australia, I mean Mr. Arthur H. S. Lucas, M.A., B.Sc. It is, unquestionably, a sign of the times that the churches are taking a deeper interest in each other's welfare. We, as a body of Christians, rejoice in the prosperity of all the churches, believing there is room enough to work for Christ without quarreling, and varieties ot human character lost in sin for us to deal with, while we toil side by side with out jealousies, and calls enough to make all true souls forgetful of ^peculiarities and old-world animosities, and, as indicated by the Council of the Churches which meets in this city, seek only the public good. THE CHURCH'S DUTY TO THE WORLD. There is no subject which, at the present, moment, requires more serious and patient consideration than the duty which the. Church owes to the world. Thi3 duty is based as much upon the very nature of Christianity as upon the plain commands of its Divine Founder. 'Jesus of Nazareth went about doing good,' and this being -the aim and motive of His life, we may rationally expect that the whole system of Christianity breathes the same spirit, and exists for the same noble end. He who for gets the poor, who looks on human wrong; with indifference, who does not sympathise with his fellow man in his struggle against, common evils, is not a true disciple of the Son of God. No man can read the history of the. development of the Christian Church in the first three of four centuries after it was. planted in the earth, without seeing — unless he is blinded with prejudice — that the moral, the spiritual, and the ethical teaching of our Redeemer touched mankind in all its condi tions, and where that touch came there was. light and love and purity. It freed slaves,, it made masters to know of a golden rule, and it qualified them to keep it. It lifted woman from servile and degraded conditions, and it. placed her where Christianity has kept her — the equal and companion of man. It is almost like repeating a trite saying, when I remark that Christianity laid hold on the public, thought in the Roman Empire regarding in fants and little children, and transformed it ' WHAT CAN CHRISTIANITY DO? In order to get an idea of what Christianity can do', and should do, in this world, we must look at what it's Author did, and what. His followers did while here among the men and women who had similar needs to our own. I claim for Christianity a unique vplace in the world. If all men were real Christians, and swayed by Christian principles, there would be no need of strikes, and in this land of plenty there should be no poverty, or cases of poverty should be rare. It is the place and function of Christianity to stop a national, waste of nearly five millions sterling in the traffic of strong drink. It is the place s and function of Christianity to so leaven society with moral and spiritual teaching, that crime and immorality shall cease, and our gaols be come emptied. Our work must continue until we teach men, particularly young men, and even young women too, what gambling is,, wherein the sin lies, and what are the awful results in time and eternity. It is a remark able truth, and one which is too much over looked, that the sum of human responsibility, and the most touching and soul stirring pic ture of a Christian's life are reflected upon us from the final judgment itself. The con summation of his creed is the practical part of that creed securing the everlasting recom pense itself. ' I was an hungered, and ye game Me meat ; I was thirsty, and ye gave Me drink : I was a stranger, and ye took Me in ; naked and clothed me : I was sick, and ye visited Me ; I was in prison, and ye came unto Me. Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these My brethren, ye have done it unto Me.'* THE GREAT NEED. What is most needed in our day is a more vigorous and faithful application of Christianity to all the wants of man. W e do not want a new system, for we do not see the need while our enemies are borrowing so much from us, but a stronger faith in that which has proved itself divine. The Church of Christ fails in her mission if she does not touch and improve every interest of man. It is very gratifying to see how this is being attempted. Sometimes accusations are raised against the Church — against Chris tianity itself. You hear it said the Churches are not doing enough for the poor. There is too much time spent in praying and preaching instead of providing homes and bread for the homeless and' the hungry. Again, it is said your preachers don't tell wealthy men often enough to empty their pockets and supply pressing needs. I very much fear that some who say this with loud voice in the open air, are not always in the churches to listen to what preachers really do say. I beg to inform \- these accuser? that preachers of the Gospel in all Churches do tell rich men and rich women to be generous and charitable. And to my certain knowledge the most charitable are among those who possess wealth. And the men that are at the head of the most useful and benevolent institutions in this colony are Christian men. THE LEAKAGE. But in all honesty many of the working men in this colony must be taught to take care of their money better than they do. Until the excessive drain upon the people of this land in ruinous luxuries, and in waste, in gambling and drink, bringing in their train untold and indescribable evils, there cannot be the prosperity which we are labouring to promote. I venture to affirm that these things are neutralising the bene ficial teaching and effects of Christianity every day to an extent which no human being can calculate. I have been in this colony nearly thirty years in the position of a Wesleyan minister, and I have moved amongst various classes of society, and I know the truth of what I am saying when I affirm that very many when they had money would not take care of it, and when they had the opportunity ?of making ] rovision for the day of need, did not conduct themselves as they should have done. Then when the money is poured into the till of the drink seller, or into the pocket of the sharp and wily gambler, and poverty stares them and their families in the face, they turn and cry for mercy to the Churches. 1)0 not misunderstand me, this does not apply to all in this land who are in unfortun ate circumstances. For the infirm and the sufferers, for those who have lost their savings in societies, where they expected their sav ings to be guarded and secure, and for the un fortunate who have not been to blame in their losses we have sincere sympathy, and the Churches are doing something for them daily to' meet their need. It should be re uieuiuuieii unau some social reiormeis are resting upon and proclaiming a dangerous fallacy. They speak as if the wealth in this ?colony were possessed by persons within the pale of the Churches. The truth is there is an immense amount of wealth quite outside the Churches, and over which the Churches have no control. There is wealth in th^Churches no doubt, but not to such an extent as some imagine. PROSPECTS OT CHRISTIANITY. The condition and prospects of Christ ianity in this fair land of ours, must not be passed over with a mere transcient ? glance, but must be fearlessly and faithfully ' considered by us. If we would study the future prosperity of the people, and especially if we would understand what measures must be adopted to extend our Redeemer's king dom, this must be done. Wrong in all places, high or low, foes in all forms, whether secret, or open and violent, must be looked at and confronted. It will never serve us to hide what threatens life, and to practically ignore what may eventually corrupt and weaken. It cannot be disputed for a moment that the present time is full of DANGERS AND PERILS to that glorious system of religion which has brought in its train so many personal, domes tic, and national blessings. The dangers are riot the result of the prevalence of truth ; but they are the manifestations of lawlessness and impiety.. Science has not shaken the founda tions of Christianity, but by testing them have caused us more restfully to rely upon them. What Christians fear is not scientific research, but the yielding to depraved appe tites and passions which lead to a practical ?denial of the faith. True religion hails the manifestation and practical power of truth — all truth in all domains of human ?knowledge; but when alongside of this men ?are setting conscience at defiance, perverting truth and misrepresenting human nature, then there is reason to fear, not that Chris tianity will be destroyed, but that the un wary will be led astray. Never was there an :age in which truth had a greater number of ?channels, and a greater variety, too, by which to be conveved : but men for the sake'of train ?are using them to the injury of men's souls and bodies, and temporal circumstances. Many anxious Christians are asking the ques tion — How stands Christianity to-day ? For ?several years paBt, and even in the year just closing, the searching effects of critical inves tigation are causing the friends of the Bibl3 to ask this question. Is evolution going to 'destroy the foundation of all religion by des troying the belief in a personal God. Are the scientific investigators into nature, its laws ?and forms, going to push back Providence till ?Christians are compelled, either so to change their thought of divine care and superintend ence, or to deny it altogether ? Are the ex - ; aminers into the contents of the books of the , Old and New Testaments going to shatter our 'faith in the Divine origin of the book ? These ?are serious questions, and demand an answer. OUR ANSWER. ? And we are ready with an answer. Evolution has not explained away the Being of God, . but simply gives another explanation of His ?method of creation, and the continuance of His works. Life and order and beauty and ?conscience in man, and ends and designs in nature, together with the unquestionable ' prevalence of goodness and wisdom every where, will not allow intelligent and un prejudiced man to disturb the corner Btone of your faith and deny God. Let these search ers into nature know Christ, and then in the faoe of their sinless Redeemer they will know God. The examination of the contents of God's word may change our definition of In spiration, and it is remarkable that a defini tion has not been imposed by the Catholic — the universal church of God. But that defi nition will not chauge our doctrine — that the book — wonderful for its antiquity — super- natural in its doctrinal and ethical teaching, anil always soul-elevating when men will com ply with its directions, will remain as the word of God. Do you t ink that this method of interpreting the first chapter of the Book of Genesis will destroy man's confidence in Christianity ? Never. When a new inter pretation was adopted by Dr. Chalmers, Dr. Buckland, and Hugh Miller, some began to fear. But Chalmers had more confidence in his Bible than he had in the theories of scien tific men. While these ideas were distribu ted freely amongst multitudes of Christians, Christianity was not abandoned. See how wonderfully great truths were harmonised by this learned interpreter of nature, who still remained as did millions more in loyal attachment to the Bible. So long as we have a living Christianity, a holy seed, a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost on every fresh convert to the Christian faith, there is no danger of the extinction of Christianity. 'There was,' says l)r. Smith, of America, 'a striking device among the Huguenots, I think, representing men with hammers striking upon an anvil. Other men are standing by with fresh hammers, to take the place of those that were broken. ' Pound away, ye rebels,' was their motto, 'your hammers breik. the anvil of God's word stands.'' So long as Christianity supplies the needs of man, which infidelity in any and all its forms never can, and so long as practi cal Christianity touches and blesses men in all relations of life, men will be too wise to allow it to pass away. The best treasure which God has bestowed wise and honest and grateful men will keep on earth as long as they can. MANY ADVERSARIES. There is no doubt the Christian Churches in these lands are greatly hindered in their work. We are bound in all faithfulness to say that when a trangression of God's law is flagrantly indulged in by men in parliamen tary power, and by those under Parliament who ought to act differently, moral and spiri tual injury must ensue. The new line of rail way leading on to the Blue Mountains was opened on a Sunday, causing, says one of the dally newspapers, much work. Is this right ? Is this ensuring for our working men their day of rest ? In the name of the W esleyan Metho dist Church I lift up my voice against such violations of the plain commands of God's TTnlv Caw. The men emrilnved nn the. rail way on that day ought to have had the oppor tunity of attending their respective places of worship. The Government of this colony ought to stop the publication of obscene prints, and severely punish men who issue weekly papers, the name of which one does not care evei- to mention. The Government ought also to put a stop to the outrageous gambling practices carried on in the very streets of this city. There should also be at once the complete suppression of those brutal scenes — in one of. which, before a .policeman's eyes, a man was beaten to death only a few weeks since — I mean the degrading contest called, with unutterable hypocrisy, the noble art of self-defence, in which everything that is ignoble and dishonouring to man is called forth. It is time also for the Parliament of this colony to set the people an example, and banish intoxicating drinks from the precincts, of the building in which they meet. When we calmly look at the drunkenness, ,the crime, the want, the suffering, the immorality, especially in the Metropolis ; and when we consider, also, how vast and powerful the gambling spirit has laid hold upon the people, and when the waste of money in sinful amuse ments and mind-degrading sports, it must be admitted that hindrances to the work of the Christian Churches are very great indeed. CHRISTIAN UNITY. This powerful truth is having its effect upon all the churches of the land. There was a time when the churches' genius, learning, and strength were used in contending with each other ; now the churches are getting nearer and nearer together, and becoming more united ; and, loving each other more, are resolved to war a persistent warfare against all these common enemies. The meetings held in this hall during the past year, notably the mid-day meetings, in which the various bodies of Christians in the city have taken part, are among the best indications of this delightful federation of the Churches. It is an inspira tion to all classes of Christian men and women to unite their forces more and more to with stand the demoralizing influence of the age. I am glad to be able to say that in all matters which draw the Christian Churches into an united or combined force the Wesleyan Metho dist Church is nowhere in the background. The invitation to join the Presbyterian General Assembly during the sessions of last Gonierence in a season or mutual prayer m Dr. Steel's Church, was acceded to with characteristic readiness. And that season of prayer will not soon be forgotten. That event told on the world. It showed those outside the churches that there might be differences of opinion on great doctrines having their root in the sovereignity of God, and though in some minor matters in church government we were not at one, yet in opposing sin and seeking to win men to God we are one. IlOW TO REACH THE MASSES. No subject deserves a more careful and seri ous consideration than this. How can the Church of Jesus Christ most effectually reach the masses, and in all respects uplift and im prove them ? There is some danger lest the Christian should be misled by current opinions and popular demands, which have no authority in them to a Christian man whose only authority is the supreme will of God. The primary end of the Churches' existence is to save men. To bring men up out of selfishness and sin into purity and personal blessedness, and when this is accomplished all else will follow. When meu are Christianized, their Christianity will touch politics and social questions, and put them right. The greater comprehends the less. Secularist teachers and secularist teaching says, find homes for homeless and food 'for hungry, and alter laws and break down the barriers in society, and make a distribution of goods, and teach rich men and women to share their wealth with the poor. I am here to tell these secularist teachers that this is being done in some measure every day, and it is beiug done by the system which they too much undervalue. The great philanthropic movements in this land are Christian and not Atheistic. Christi anity, thank God, is touching the masses. The great need in regard to Christianity itoelf is a Baptism of the Holy Ghost on all the Churches, and particularly on all who teach and preach the word of life. Then when the Baptism is granted — more copious than the Church in general has ever realized — all who are filled with the Spirit must walk in the Spirit, and comply with the conditions of retaining the Spirit, or He will be grieved. The Holy Spirit will not go with men to theatres, and ball-rooms, He will not abide with men who visit gambling saloons and indulge in betting and horse racing. He will not remain with men who build up their busi nesses by traud and unrighteous speculation. He cannot be expected to fill a church with His glory when those who attend are men and women of the world. We must carry THE GOSPEL in the power of the Holy Ghost to our fellow men in all tenderness and faithfulness, and seek to win them for' God. Our Church services must be as fresh ai d attractive, and full of human sympathy as we can make them. Our Church economy must be adapted to meet all the needs of the age. Where there is carelessness and coldness there must be diligence and zeal. If the Gospel is preached with the accom panying expressions of goodwill to men, men will listen and yield, and be saved. The erreat need of the aee is unciuestionablv the pure religion of our Lord Jesus Christ. Let those who find fault with this religion pro vide something better before they attempt any further to destroy that which is our hope and our refuge. If any man can invent a purer system of doctrine, or a grander system of moral laws than we find in the sacred volume, let it be done. Until that is done, let us have more faith in that which our fathers believed in, and were saved by. This system has won us our liberties, prepared for us our national and free means of education, assured our righteous adminstration of laws ; opened sources of scientific research, lifted woman to her present honoured position, made our statute books precious because of statutes in them guarding the sacredness of yoUng women and little children. Religion has spread its benign influence everywhere. We want more of it; then its' fruits will abound. If men will go to church on the Lord's Day, if they will seek to bear each other's burdens, if they will exalt Christianity, Christianity will exalt the nation. QUEENSLAND. I wish, before closing, to refer to Queens land. This will be a memorable yt ar in the annals of Methodism in that colony. For some years past the question has been under consideration, Shall Queensland have a Conference of its own ? At the last General Conference this was agreed upon. And on Thursday next the ministers will meet, and the day following the lay representatives, and tho first Conference will be opened by one of our ex-presidents — the Rev. Dr. Sellors. In the name of our own, the parent, Conference, I wish them much prosperity, and we hope that the formation of this Conference will give an immense impetus to the extension of the work of God in that young and rising colony. We sincerely sympathise with our Queensland brethren in the death of one of their number, the Rev. Alfred Stevens, who was in his second year of probation. I am sure that I am voicing the feeling of every member of this Conference, and every person in this audience, and indeed of every Wes leyan Methodist in New South Wales, when I say that in the dreadful calamity occasioned by the recent floods in Queensland we deeply sympathise with its suffering and bereaved families. When we read of the destruction of life and property, when we considered how many homes had been plunged into sorrow and distress by sudden bereavement, we could not help feeling deeply for the people so closely related to us as a sister colony. I am glad that this sympathy has taken a practical form, and I trust it will be still more practical. May I express a hope that this calamity will be overruled by the providence of God to the uniting of contending classes, and that it will tend to the formation of bonds never to be broken between the various sections of the community, and that Queensland may still prosper in everything which is calculated to build up a noble nation. It is one of the privileges of my Presidency to welcome lay representatives at this opening service to take part in the election of the President and Secretary of the Conference. For years past the position of the laymen of | Methodism has been increasingly powerful. I Never was that power greater than it is to day. I, for one, can trust that power. J Methodism will be improved and. extended by ? it. Since the Conference of 1874 that power has not, to my knowledge, been usi d unlaw- ;? fully. In the name of my ministerial breth- ; ren, I give you a moat cordial welcome. The \ work which God has called us all to engage in, he will qualify for ; and I hope and pray, yea, I firmly believe, that this step taken to in crease the connexional power of our lay dele gates will, under God's blessing, tend to the consolidation of the Church, and the exten sion of our Redeemer's Kingdom. The address was well received, and frequently elicited bursts of applause. At its close THE VOTING KOR THE PRESIDENT, by the ministerial and lay delegates- took place, and, omitting units, with the following results : — Rev. G. Lane ... ... 2 „ J. Gardener ... 2 „ W. Clarke ... 2 „ E. Langham ... 5 „ W. H. George ... 8 „ J. E. Moulton ... 118 The voting by ministerial delegates alone, by way of confirming the pre vious vote, resulted in the election of the Rev. J. E. Moulton by 75 out of ( t votes. The Rev. J. E. Moulton passed up to the rostrum amid deafening applause. The Conference Bible and seal were handed over to Mr. Moulton by Mr. ex President Stead, and then the President briefly addressed the meeting. He said he hardly knew then whether he ought to thank them or not for placing him in that chair, for in his heart of hearts he would rather be down in Tonga and read the proceedings of the Conference from the newspapers. He then paid a tribute to the deceased King George, who for twenty years had been his personal friend, and who for fifty years had been a friend of the Church, He was the Grand Old Man of Polynesia, and he did not expect to look upon his like again. He bespoke the sympathy and prayers of the Conference in the important office they had called him to fill, and asked that, in the dis cussion of the vaiious matters, they would u°e all possible expedition. The YUliiNUr rUJtV AJlCi OEiVrVIk i/LIVI was then announced ,: Rev. W. W. Rutledge r 2 „ JAS. WOOLNOUGH ... 2 . „ W. H. Beale ... 2 „ W.G.Taylor ... 2 „ C. Stead ... ... 3 T T? D A T) Y1 TTfTVtT TH r» C? 1 R j, „ W. H. George ... i09 I The Ministerial vote for the Secretary { resulted as follows : „ J. Woolnough ... 1 „ J. E. Carruthers... 5 „ W.H.George ... 45 The Rev. VV. H. George's election having, been confirmed, the assistant secretaries were appointed as follows : — Revs. W. H. Rogers, J. G. M. Taylor, and E. E. Crosby, and Rev. W. G. Taylor, corresponding secretary. The singing of the Doxology at 10 o'clock brought the meeting to a close. The ' William Argent Memorial ' Fund for The Joyful News Mission' now amounts to £1,014. The general committee have decided that the subject for the memorial win dow to be placed in Wesley's Chapel, City-road, shall be ' The worship of the Magi.' A woman has been put on trial as a Wesleyan local preacher in the Swaff ham circuit, and it is thought by the Methodist leaders that there is nothing illegal in this course, The Allen Library, London, is becom ing more and more the home of invalu able connexional records, books of ref erence, manuscripts, and collections of portraits, several valuable gifts having been recently made. The complete copies of the connexional newspapers, in handsome bound volumes, the gift ' of Mr. S D. Waddy, Q.O., M.P., are now in the library. 