ALL ALONG TEE RIVER. . - BY MISS M. E. BRADDOH. CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) " If you aro really interested in this old house you must come some sunny moruine and let Mrs. Mayne show you oyer it, Lostwithicl, establishing himself with his cup and saucer upon the other side of the hfearth. 44 She knows all the old stories, and abe ha9 a better memory than 1/ 44 I should like so much to do so next sum mer, when iny husband can come with me. 44 I'm afraid Major Disney won't care much about the old place. Ho is a native of these parts, and must have been here often in nty 'father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next October for tlio shoot ing — but there is no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first line morning that you have nothing better to do. M.rs. Mayne is always at home ; and as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to your selves and talk about ghosts to your hearts content." 44 Oh, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house, protested Mrs. Mayne. . 44 My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree. Isola murmured some vague acknowledg ment of his civility. She was far too shy to have any idea of taking advantage ot his offer. To reenter that house alone of her own accord would be impossible. By-and-byc, with her husband at her side, she would bo bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithic! might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such a house. 'After this there came a brief silence. Mrs. Mayne stood straight and prim > behind the tea table. Nothing would have induced her to sit in his Lordship's presence, albeit she had dandled him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and fine fiannel which composed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited some forgctfulness of caste dis tinctions. Mrs. Mayne fully understood that she was wanted there to set the stranger at Iter case, and she performed her mission ; bat even her presence could not relievo Isola's shyness. She felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong but kindly hand. »Sho sat listening for carriage wheels, and only hearing the dull thunipiug of her own scared heart. And yet he was so kind, and yet he so fully realised her idea of high-bred gentleness, that she need hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She stole a glance ut him as he stood by the chimney-piece, in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at tho burning logs on the massive old andirons. Tho firelight shining on a face above it will often give a sinister look to tin; openest countenance, and to-night Lostwiihiel's long, narrow face, dark deep-set eyes and pointed beard hud some touch of the diabolical in that red and uiiccfoaiu glow— an effect that was but in stantaneous, for as tho light ohauged the look passed, and she saw him as he really was, with his pale and somewhat sunken cheeks, and eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentleness. 44 Have you lived long at the Angler's Nest, Mrs. Disney ?M he asked, at last. 44 Nearly a year ami a half, ever since my marriage, with just one interval in the South of .Kranco, before Martin went to India." 44 Then I need not ask you if you are heartily sick of the place ?" 44 Indeed, I should not be tired of the cot tage or the neighborhood if my lmshand wore ut home. 1 am only tired of solitude. He w&nls; me scud for his sister — a giri who is iuet leaving school— to keep inc company ; but I detest school girls, ami I would much rather be alone than endure a perpetual tete- a-tete of that kind." 44 You- aro wise beyond your yearn, Airs, Disney. -Avoid the sister, by all means. .She would bore you to death — a scampering, exu berant girl, who wouUlJdevelop hysteria after one month of Trelasco dulness. Besides, I am sure you have resources of your own, and that you would rather endure solitude than uncongenial company." Isola sighed ntid shook her head rather dolefully, tracing the pattern of the Persian rug with tho point of ncr stick. " 1 am very l'oud of books ami of music," she said, 44 but one gels tired of being alone after a time. It seems such ages since Martin and 1 said good-bye in Venice. I was dreadfully unhappy at first. I stand almost alone in the world when I am parted from iiim." 44 -Your father and mother are dead?" in gentlest imiuiry. " Oh, no, they aro not dead. They are at Dinan," she said, almost as if it were the same thing, ,44 And that is very far from Trelasco." 44 They never leave Dinan. The kind of Ufo suits them. Mamma knits; papa has Ills club and his English newspapers. People enjoy the English papers so much more when they live abroad than when thev aro at home. Mamma is a very had sailor. It would bo a risk for her to cross. If my sister or I were dangerously ill, maintna would come. But it would be at the hazard of her life. Papa has often .told me so." 44 And your father, is he a bad sailor?" 44 He is rather worse than mamma." 44 Then I conclude you were married at Dinan ?" 44 Oh, yes ; I never left Brittany until my wedding day." 44 What a pretty idea. It is as if Major Disney had found' a new kind of wild flower income nook or cranny of that old grey wall that guards the town. ' 44 You know Dinan ?" ".There are very few places within easy reach of yachtsman that I don't know. I have anchored in almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, and have rambled in land wherever there was anything worth seeing within a day's journey from tho coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may have passed you in the street there. Do you sketch, by the way ? " 44 A little." 44 Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have seen sitting at street corners or under archways, doing fearful and wonderful things with a box of moist colors and a drawing board." 44 The yonng ladies who sit about the streets are tourists," said Isola, with a look of disgust. 44 1 understand. The resident ladies would no more do such things than they would sit upon tho pavement and make pictures of salmon or men-of-war in colored chalks, like our Metropolitan artists." 44 1 think I hear a carriage," said Isola, patting down her cup and saucer, and look ing at her jacket, which Mrs. Mayne was holding before the lire. 44 Yes, that is the carriage," answered Lostwithicl, opening the glass door. 44 What a uight. The rain is just as bad as it was when I brought you indoors." 44 If yon will ucccpt the use of a shawl, ma'am, it would bo safer than putting on this damp jacket.", "Yes, Mayne, get your shawl. Airs. Disney will wear it, I know." The housekeeper bustled out, and Lost- withiel and his guest wore alone, looking at each other somewhat helplessly, as they stood far apart, she in the glow of the hearth, hc.in the darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject of conversation had been exhausted. Their embarrassment was increased when Dalton and a footman came in with two great shining lamps, ami liooded the room with light. 44 i hardly know how to thank you for having taken so much trouble about me," Isola faltered presently, under thai necessity to say something which is one of the marks of shyness. "There has been no trouble. I only hope I got you out of that pelting rain in time to save you from any evil couscquenccs. Stiange that our acquaintance should begin in such an accidental manner. I shall he very glad to know more of Alajor Disney when he comes home, and in the meantime I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting you sometimes. No doubt you know every body in the neighborhood, io we can hardly help running against each other some where." Isola smiled faintly, thinking that tho chances of any such meeting were of the slightest, but she did not gainsay him. He wanted to say something courteous, no doubt, and had gone into no nice question of probabilities before lie spoke. She had heard him described by a good many people, who had hinted darkly at his shortcomings, but had all agreed us to his politeness and persuasive powers. 44 A man who would talk over Satan him self," said the village lawyer. Mrs. Mayne appeared with a comfortable shepherd's plaid shawl, which she wrapped carefully about Airs. Disney, in a pleasant, motherly fashion. The rain had all been shaken off the little felt hat, which hud no feathers or frippery to spoil. People who jive in the west of England make their account with wet weather. Lord Lostwithicl handed his guest into tho carriage, and stood bareheaded in the rain to wish her good-bye before lie shut the door. 44 1 shall be very anxious lo know that you have escaped cold," he said, tit tho last mofnent. 44 1 hope yon won't think me a nuisance if I call to-morrow t.o inquire." He shut the door quickly, and the brougham drove off before she could answer. »Siie was alone in the darkness in the snug, warm, little carriage. There was a clock ticking beside her, a sound that startled her in thu darkness. There was a basket hang ing in front of her, and an odor of cigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear rug, lined with softest cloth, which almost filled tho carriage, Sho had never sat in such a carriage. How different from the mouldy old Clarence in which she occa sionally went to dinner parties— a capacious vehicle with a bow window liko a seaside parlor ! She leant back in a corner of the little carriage, wrapped in tho soft and shaggy rug, wondering at her strange adventure. She had penetrated that mysterious house on Black Fir-hill, and she had made the acquaintance of Lord Lostwithicl. , How much she would have to tell Martin in. her next letter. She wrote to him every wcok — a long, loving letter, closely written on thin, glazea paper, pouring out all her fancies and feelings to the husband she loved wifcn all her heart. She sighed as her thought recurred to the letter received to-<kvy. .Six months, or per haps even a year, before he was to come back to her 1 Yet the letter had not been without hopefulness. He had the prospect of gcttiug his next step before that year was over, and then his coining home would be a final re turn. He would be. able to retire, and he would buy some laijd — a hundred acres or so —and breed horses — one of his youthful dreams — and do a little building, perhaps, to enlarge and beautify the Angler s Nest, and his Isola should have a pair of ponies and a good saddle horse. He looked forward to a life of unjloyed happiness. (To be continued.) 