SP0ET AND PLAY. By " Olympus." The Clerk of the Weather had evidently got out the wrong side of the bed on Saturday morning, and it was not until about half-past 2 o'clock that he finally decided to take pity on poor suffering football humanity by ordering Jupiter Pluvius to turn off his water tap aud Old Sol once more to show his face. And what a relief that was to tho 28,240 people who passed through the turnstiles on to the Melbourne Cricket Ground. For they had braced the downpour to witness the Match of the Season, and wanted to witness it under all possible "advantages. Notwithstanding the steady rain, tho playing ground was not so heavy as might naturally have been expected, the greatest disability being its greasy character on top, which threatened to render the ball particularly " soggy." But even this minor point had been carefully considered by Major Ben Wardill, who, having beard of tho fame ascbieved by Thomas W. Sherrin, of 22 Wellington-street,Collingwood (Parade end), as a manufacturer of footballs/cricket balls, baseballs, punching balls and boxing gloves, gave him (c W.oiir/ie to produce something extra for the occasion—acommissionwhich thebeforementioned Thomas W. Sherrin, as aforesaid, carried out not only with much credit to himself, but also to tho unbounded satisfaction of the players—and most decidedly to that of Goalkicker Tburgood, who negotiated as fine an effort as ever I have seen during a very, very long experience of football. Theke wasn't much advantage in gaining " lc ? °, f , unds ' 1)ut what little 'advantage there , 1 was Melbourne got it, and by playing the marks to each other quickly besieged tbe Essendon citadel, Moysev having a ridiculously easy chance of annexing a goal within a few minutcB of the ball being bounced. Then Wilson had a fruitless try well within range; a bungle which was repeated by Moysey a few minutes afterwards— though certainly from a rather difficult angle. Throe behiuds in the twinkling of a sheep's tail was rather more than " the same old coveys" had xpected to meet right off; but then the cool napper of Captain Dick came to their rescue, and the sturdy defence of Stuckey, Dick and Young, supplemented by a well-timed rush on the pnrt f Forbes and Vautin relievpd tbe pressure, nd despite the most strenuous efforts ~ on the part of Fry, Christy, M'Kenzie, Fred Sheehan, Lewis nd O'Den, Essendon—on whose behalf Colin ampbell, Crebbin and Vautin, were doing good work—forced the ball down to Melbourne terriory, where Prentice passed the ball on to hurgood, who failed to score even a behind, iackwards and forwards went the ball for the est of the quarter, Melbourne one moment aving the advantage, until either Officer, Young r Chadwick would get their side out of an awkard corner, and away the ball would speed again o the other end, where Toms, Massey or Lewis ould reciprocate on behalf of the Kedlegs. But ot even a further minor point was secured ; the oard at quarter-time showing—Melbourne, 3 ehinds; Essendon, nil. No sooner did the teams cross over, however, tliau Essendon at once asserted their supremacy a magnificent dash by Forbes, Crebbin, Vautin Watson andHalleventuatingin Watsonhaviugashy at the uprights,andstriking one of them (on the inside) with a slashing good kick. In vain did Lewis, O'Dea, Fry and Massey strive against tho inevitable— some give-and-take play resulting in Clarke favouring Thurgood with an easy chance, of which he duly availed himself. Bounced again, and Grecian, Stuckey, Hall and Watson came quickly into evidence, but a determined rally by Melbourne brought the ball back to near the centre lino, where Thurgood picked it up. and letting drive sent it skimming along only about fifteen feet above tbe turf, but with such powder behind it that it covered the distance (close upon 70 yards)—the spectators standing as if spellbound for a few seconds after its aecom. plishinont before bursting into a tumult of applause at a feat rarely (if ever) before achieved in a game in Victoria; the nearest approach I can remember being in a match Melbourne versus Carlton, on the same ground, when Jack liooth "dropped" a goal for Melbourne much about the same fpot, his effort bein" a very "tall" roost, though, whereas the merit oT Thurgnod's lay in the tact that it never reached a "y sort ot elevation to lead one to suppose it could fetch the goal. This veritable e.ve-opener seemed to knock the wind out of the Melbourne lads for a spell, during which Finla.v and Clarke became particularly busy, until checked by ("i. Sheeban. who in turn bad to yield up possession to Campbell, as the result of'which ll! lfear; had a ehancu to score, but failed. Watson following suit immediately afterwards. Lewis entered inlii possession from the kick-.i(T,Andnftersomepreliminary "dodging "executed a brilliant run—far and away the best of the afternoon—the outcome o! which was that a quick pass to Howes, and hp again to K. Kelly, enabled that worthy to cans,, the two flags to be hoisted on behalf of Melbourne the supporters of whom were lavish in tboii applause of Kelly's feit — the kick beius :: remarkably good one. Then Essendon went i-m for blood, and got it; a combination of Bah. Yaut.in. Campbell, Watson and Hall terminating the last-named player kicking third goal Essendon, »nd shortly afterwards striking -tl... post. This was close on half-time, but not qui:.. close enough to prevent the attackers ng storming tbe Melbourne fortress, which M Kearney carried just prior to the intermission 1>«• • ] tinkling forth ; (he game then standing, Essendon, 4 goals 0 behinds; Melbourne, 1 goal 3 behinds. HtAi.tN<5 and O'Halloran on behalf of Mi!- bourne, and Campbell and Crehhin for Essendmi. were the bright particular stars at the outset <.f the third quarter; Tburgood failing lamental.lv over some easy shots for goal, albeit Colin Campbell on one occasion gave him an object lesson as t« how easy it is to be done if you only know the way. This was the last major point scored by Essendon. however; the monotony beins? relieved by Melbourne chan ging the venu.. nd Roche scoring second goal (a beautiful kick) or them off a mark passed to hiui bv Wilsnn. hus finished the third quarter, Essendon bein; goals 10 behinds, and Melbourne 2 goals :s ehinds. The trip to Tasmania (careful as the Essendi.ii lads had been of themselves over there) assen..^ Itself in the concluding portion of the game. f..r although Crehhin, Campbell, Thurgood, Nixmi, Prentice r nd Hall made things hum for awhile m front of tbe Melbourne goal (Campbell on nn.. occasion hitfins: the post with a flying s)i..t) Melbourne outlasted theiil, and, had their f.rwnrds but. taken advantage of the opportune afforded them, must undoubtedly have turned the tables at the el.-vent h hour. But it was not to l.p, and although O'Loghlen and Howes mnnaged lo do the trick (the hitter off a free kick just on I lie stroke of time), Essendou got home all right by."> goals 13 behinds 1o 4 goals (i behinds. That it was a Great Game, taking it all round, goes without saying; but it was too uneven in its character to take rank alongside previous contests X have seen this season. You see tlure was only one quarter (the first) during which Die sides were on any kind of an equality. In [lie second nnd th ; rd quarters Essendon had Melbourne badly beaten; whilst during the jailer portion of .the game it was only a question of lime for Essendon to go to pieces. And. mind you! — Melbourne were crippled for the greater portii.n f the game through M'Kenzie's "game" le? gain giving way; albeit in all fairness it musi he tated that Essendon were likewise hnn.liapped through Forbes and Stuckey sustaining njuries—the former to his face, and Stuckey in the shoulder. Tbe general consensus of opini.in as that the best team won;' but that there asn't much in it. Ummhe Thait -was in First-Trait form. 'Knit e d . Save and except that he punished Prentiec 1 o less than (en times for clinging on to a mail ho was going for a mark—a reprehensible; act hich Captain Dick took Prentice to task vinlit oundly about. ALONGSIDE the Great Match all other contests paled into comparative insignificance ; and ye:,to far as Football pure ct simple was concerned .'hf match on tbe St. lvilda ground between Geeloniiiind St. Kilda was much the better tussle from asju gator's point of view. They tell me that Alt Snnlli played his finest game of the season, and if iliat be so then tho display must have been worth a long pilgrimage to witness. Shftw, too, pi ve'l himself to be perfectly tjbikitus, for after i "iu|r " knocked out" (by the force of nrms) of a j.liue be was despatched forward, where ho prove.l hi* utility by snavelling a couple of goals—..ii" of them being the wind-up of a magnificent run nearly half the length of the playing gr. und, Charley Allard once more donned the jew;, uni knickerbooki : s, and he, too, secured a hvi. eof goals, the o; u rs being obtained by Hesse, Fitipatriek, Jones and Murshall. Geelong h.trW sturdily enough, Greenfield, Joe M'Shane, Peter Hums, Lejthy, Houston, Do Coit, Hopper, M. riiin. Moody, Connor, James, Bankin and Kyan win ling as if for bare life in order to avert defeat. so terrific was the onslaught of the Saints, n pregnable the defence of their back jilajerF,i>n<lR> deadly the precision with which their foruanls shot for goal, that there was but little cau.e for • wonderment at ths Pivotouians going und r, all the more so as it cost them 10 behinds to h^w* 5 goals, whilst St. Kilda achieved S goals for J behinds. Archer played a very effective gai ie for St, Kilda, who numbered amongst them a <-'u» odeu College boy named Brown. He will he iiearJ f anon. S.PTH Melbourne started off well against i-V/rov. hut the local men were upsides with :i„ Di liu so far as goals wore concerned) at the ;„i of the first quarter, but after that the -•..ntImmers were never in it, Fitzroy winning by ; L.,.,ile 7behinds to 4 goals 0 behinds. Mailing, 1,,-^iiii'c, Sloano, Moriarty, Clift, Grace, Kelly, V' l'ir and Banks were most observable amongst victors, whilst Doran, Gibson, Elms, Irvine, v Knight, Watson and Gladstone carried . • v the palui on behalf of South Melbourne. ... goal- kickers were—For Fitzroy: Sloane (2), -.••> (2i, Moriarty, Ahem and Clearey. For nine: Middleton, Gibson, SI'Arthur and "'••'••«»•>• ,„., , , . Melbourne tried conclusions •"' S ;° U , n BlU6B f i pnif the pull for the first half of the game. v.i their ,, , score ,, was , 2—2 ,. to „ 1—2, but collapsing ,. her from that time out under a comhina- „f unfortuitouscircumstances-the primary ,-c, •• being the failure of the.r forwards to „: , ..stlit else than kick behinds whilst for the ..rii-hiy 1<raser negotiated no less thau tive goals i, ,f six shots; Graham securing another. Port >; H'ourue had only •> > hMnurl.; behinds for 1 their l...;*-1; 0 , goals; r,,., t... ,.11,1} for their 2; Jiolfo and Grant being the 1 !'ii kub wasanotherspirited contest on the North .1,ourneRecreation Raserveon Saturday, North • li.-wrne and Williamstown being trick-and-toi M i he matter of goals, or, rather, no goals) until .•third quarter. If anything the seLiders had i..-.itly the best of the go, as they had G behinds ! heir credit to North Melbourne's 2. The • hernors wired in big licks, though, the third iirier. Dohr.uan (3), O'lJea and Todd striking I., bull's-eye for them, whereas Page and Foster .•it the only two to respond for \\\illiamstown. I•.• latter team had all the best of the concluding m-ier, but they failed to record more than additional goal (got by Foster) and three ninils; the final result being—North Melfoals 4 behinds; Williamstown,3 goals i-hinds. Tub local barrack-firs turned up in force to see I'ii itscray engageCollingwood,and were rewarded bi witnessing some excellent play during the >1>-ning quarter, the pnucipal feature of which u.i-ii splendid run executed by Evans. Anderwas the first to 6triko a decisive blow, howen r; a mark from Beggs enabling him to chalk t In. Krstseoro to Collingwood, AsagainstthisFootscra.vunly obtained a behind, Parris Banding tlieb^ll squarely between the posts, but not before it was 1\. niched. Footscray had it all their own way the si.i'.md quarter, notching 2 goals and 4 behinds (along with having the ball stopped in goal on tm> more occasions), whilst holding the visitors j.-nu to their solitary goal. The third quarter equally disastrous to the Magpies, Chadwick an.i liickcns registering third and fourth goal fur Footscray; their opponents remaining '"as vimi were '' regarding goals, but obtaining three h."hiii.Is. The last quarter was fought! to the hitler end, but Footscray were not to be denied, and wound up decisive victors by 5 goals <i behind* tn 1 goal 5 bohinds. The goal-kickers were — !'(.r Foot.-:cray : Chadwick (2), Parris, Dickens and i Vward. For Collingwood : Anderson. i'Htitu was even more " D.innybrook Fair" dii;irshin over on the Adelaide Oval, where Norwood kicked 8 goals 5 behinds to Port Adelaide's <i goals 4 behiuds; some of the spi"-tutors going in for a bit of free kicking on their own account, and thoughtfully felling 1 nipire Jack Woods to the ground prior to utili.-ing him as a foothill. A telegram in Monday's Age conveyed the intelligence that " he was helped uff the ground by the Port players," sg that it is perfectly legitimate to speculate that lie was helped on toit by some of t'other covevs. As lias been uiy wont during past football seasons, 1 append a table exemplifying the posit inns of the different clubs in their trysts for the Pi-ein jrship, based upou the system first advnMted by iu*'- in these columns of deciding these positions by points—to wit, 4 for a win, and 2 for a draw. In the event of two or more clubs Ij-iu.' equal in point of average, it has been my i.ible custom to ^ place them according to _ piioniy in th7matte7of'numher'of goilsobtabied ma.'ainst "oals lost. That I take to be a much fairer-vst-em than acting upon the absurd custom uf nil .wing last year positions ' f0 affect tho present sea ou's. Following out this plan the following are the rosmoNS OF THE SENIOll CLUBS TO DATE:- Kumr of Club. tj 1 f e a si ! 3 Si -c S3 ' < 12 11 i HT 41 48 4G S'fCB 14 12 "i l 33 5f> M a-571 f"»!!i v!. [bourne H 10 a l 87 5(i 42 .•cuoo lietiuu,. 87 4S 4H ;v2 a-iiM i;i r, 75 4i 52 32 2101 it. Ki;.J, ; 12 «' "i 50 OS 4S 28 2MG8 Port M. ''.,iiirne l.'l c 42 47 52 21 1-840 12 4 l 47 77 48 IS ]'5"0 tML-„r,'." ..'. 13 4 9 46 55 52 10 1-230 Colmca-id ... 12 :t i 42 49 48 14 l'IGfl EUcSium. 1-2 « 4t» 78 4B 12 l'OOO Villi! ,ni.,.,u-u ]:l » 41 OS 12 (1-02.1 .Vmb M..i»mrn« 1.1 2 11 S? 7(i S matters still more closely you will iSii'i - i J. . the ......i total amount, of goals 1 obtained ..l.i;.... up to <W,i 737 (as against 1122 behinds); that |t!i< ictors on Saturday (Essendon, Fitzroy, |St. Kil . Port Melbourne, - Footscray and . -- North - lSMhou I:.') put. up 30 goals for 38 behinds; aud at tl.i. six vanquished (Melbourne, South Melni ne. Oeclong, Carlton. Collingwood and ^iliiani-town) got 10 g als at a cost of 44 'Wmb. And so that you may be able to refer to the principal goal-sneaks' form at a glance I append the ,, Goal-kicking Recoiid. Goals. Goals Grace (Fitzroy) ...30 Thompson (Carlton) f Thurgood (Ess'doti) 25 Bell (S. Melb.) ... r Watson(S. Melb.)... 23 Smith, A. (St. Kilda) c De Coit (Geolong)... 20 Pender (Footscray) £ Smith (Melbourne) 19 Chadwick (Foots'}-) n Roche (Melbourne) lfl Griffin (Willi,imst'll) i; Fraser (Port Melb.) I!) Christy (Melbourne) lfl Camiibell (Essendon) 14 Marshall (St. Kilda) 14 Allard(St. Kilda)... 14 Sparrow (Richmond) 11 Kendall (Colliugw'd 11 Anderson(Co]liii«-n''d) 11 O'Remin O'Regan fS (S. Melb.) M M'Donald (Carltonl Smith (Collingwood) Powell {Footscray) Kelly, li. (Melbourne) Hanks (Fitzrov) Warren, P. (W'town) Leith . ... (Car]i.onf ! . . - Kearney (Essendon) 7 Jones, J. (W'town.) (i Houston (Geelong) u ^' son ,tJ 5s , s '- ,u * 1 °") (i v ^,l 1 d l " J 0 " d ) (i (^chmond) (i Gibson (S. Melb.) . . Warren, W. (Wstn.) Hastings (Carlton) Ahem (Fitzroy) ... Leydiu (Fitzroy) ... 4 Sioaue (Fitzroy) ... 4 Stranger, T. (Foots'y I 4 Stranger, J. (Foots'y} 4 Christian (Ess'don)' 4 Svkes (EsFcndon) ... -1 Woods (Carlton) ... 4 Prion (Richmond) ... 4 MArthur (S. Melb.) 4 Burns (S. Melb.) ... 4 Irvine (S. Me.lb.) ... 4 M'Murray (Port M ) 4 Graham (Port Melb.) 4 Pearce (St. Kilda)... 4 Hesse (St, Kilda) ... 4 Shaw (St. Kilda) ... 4 Howes (Melbourne) 4 Dowdell (Colhngw'd) 4 Dohrman (N. Melh.) 4 ^'ddlotonlS Melb.) <, Cor m 8° (Esmond) 5 i The Saints recovered ground again last Saturday by potting S goals for 3 behinds, and in consequence thereof they are running a very respectable second to 'Melbourne for "the " Five Gold Watches" which are now on view at Mr. W. Stern's shop in Uourke- street. Fitzroy still keep pegging away, and are on the heels of the St. Kilda lads, whilst Essendon are piling up a fear- *ul quantity of behinds, as a result of which they are 'way down eighth. The following are the Correct Positions of the Clubs at the present time: — r 4 Name of Club. Melbourne St. Kilda Fitzroy ... South Melbourne Geelong... Carlton... Williamstown Essendon North Melbourne Collingwood Port Melbourne ... Footscray ltichmond 32 13R (J-8C.0 0-H21 O-hOti 0-7<>!) 0 730 IHiM .Xi:)0 0"i72 n-:,iil 0-.M5 0-531 or, 17 0-.-)l(l The following are the results of last Saturday's matches between the clubs playing under the a-yi - of the Victorian Juuior Football Association :— A Section.—Fitzroy Juniors beat Marylebone by 3 goals to 1; North Melbourne Juniors beat Union Jack b.v (i goals to 3; North Williamstown beat University by 7 goals to nil; Austral beat Coburg—a walk-over; Carltou Juniors beat Edlington—a walk-over. B Section. — Napier Imperial beat Albion United by 5 gotls to 1; Collingwood Juniors 2i, Hawthorn beat Brighton by 4 goals to 1-, Brunswick heat Preston by 4 goals to 1; Rainbow beat Camberwell by 11 goals to 3. Rf.tr,enchment is a wonderful thing. But still it may be carried to an excess. Friustans .- A football club 1 wot of in the " north countree " were for some years past in the habit of getting a certain goal umpire to provide them with Four Dozen of Oranges every Saturday for the use of their team. For three or four matches this season he carried on the same old game, until one day ho was informed that the committee of the club had decided to Throw Such a Splendid Meaus of Acquiring a Competency Open to Public Competition, "although, said they to him, " as you have been an old player for the club during many seasons, there's no doubt but what your claims will receive prior consideration." Hut tliey didn't; another " Covent Gardener" being appointed, aud the old warliorse being left—like Lord Ullin— lamenting. "Never niiud," he remarked to myself and Hen James, as he concluded the story of his wrongs. " Never mind ! _ They didn't benefit much by the transaction. For, do you know" (and here his voice sank to a hoarse whisper); " do you know that They Have Never Won a Solitary Match Since. 1 '" At the which Old Ben buret out with one of his inimitable guffaws—[Mem.— There never yet was mortal man could gutfaw like Ben]—and said it was " a lemoncholly fact." Dksi'itk the unfavourable weather about one o'clock on Saturday the baseball enthusiasts mustered in force on tlie Melbourne Cricket Ground to wituoss-the first struggle of the season between East Melbourne and Melbourne. Ten minutes were cut to waste waiting for Umpire Alexander, and as he then failed to put in an appearance (whatever could have happened to him?) VI M Mr. f .T J. C. I' Milford At:]t'nrH whk was pressed oressed into tho the service, and acquitted himself most satisfactorily in the onerous position of arbitrator. 1 don't mpan tl) in(or t|)at n0De of ],is decisions were ''kicked at-," but still he gave them with the strictest impartiality, and as everyone present felt that such was the case, the cavillings were of the very mildest description. Fiest rNNINas.-East Melbourne were first to bat, Harry striding forth on their behalf just as the rain commenced to come down in earnest. He retired in double-quick time, however, a stroke ^ K(H,ori(j baseprovin.r fatal, Onlpitt getting the put out and Ingleton Sn assist. Laver was equally unfortunate, a fly to short-stop being accepted on ^ I E » R ! ^ I : S S T R U C K O U T A N D , 3 A S T ' Melhouun-e did no better on their initial venture, however; Harry nobbling M'llwraith on strikes; aud although Culpitt got to first on an error of lugleton's, that second baseman did not fail to lose both Ross and M'Kay the numbers of their mess on " flies.' Seconii Innings.—Carter. Seidel and Steel made things hum a bit in East's next venture, each of them starting off with a safe base hit, and afterwards stealing away from first and right home before a man was out. Then a change came o'er the spirit of the scene, Ingleton cuttin- M'Alister oif in splendid fashion from a throw by the catcher as be was attempting to steal from first to second, whilst. Over caused both M'Leod aud Uoyle. to retire on strikes. Ov Kit should have expired on his road to first bate, only for an error on Boyley's put, and on Ingleton taking up his position at the home plate he whanged "a perfect beauty" far out into the right field, and secured a* home run amidst a tornado of applause from the thousands of spectators present; the generous applause bestowed on the more salient points of the game being proof positive that baseball is ceasing to lie " caviare to the general." Irwin successfully accomplished the circuit of the hase? after coinnmnciug with a safe hit to centre field ; but when Wells looked real good for a similar feat, a marvellously dexterous catch hy M'beod not only got rid of Dunne, but enabled Steele anil Uoyie to trip the base runner up before he could regain first, again-, this being the fi.st double play of the afternoon. Ouce more did Harry prove too puzzling for M'llwr.uth, the Melbourne second innings closing for the same tally as their opponents— to wit., 3. TIN ni> Inkinuv.—Harry started with a base hit, and reached second on an error in the centre field, Laver bringing him home by a very pretty stroke to the left field, and eventually coming in himself all riirht. llruce was well caught by the short stop; hut Carter, after being presented with his hase on balls, got to second on a stroke which proved fatal to Seidel (through the combination pitcher to first baseman), and was enabled to come in on a nice base hit of Steel's, which was nullified through that batsman falling in the soup 011 an attempted steal from second to third; Charley Over slinging the hall over to Koss as if it were discharged from a catapult. This gave the Jolimonters a lead of three runs once more, and as Ross (pitcher to first base), Culpitt (on double plav, first to third) and A]-Kay (third to first) retired in succession for the dreaded duck, it looked odds on last year's premiers coming out on top in the contest under notice. Fovrtii Inn'iniis.—M-Alister lifted one high (if not dry) into left, field's territory, aud found Wells "thar;" whilst JI'Leod again fell prune (as in the previous innings) on strikes; disaster following hard upon disaster through Boyle ^'"j? u i' iu 1 direction, which ® t0 )k aU SOrtS ut - 00 ' 1 to secur Ingi.eton and Irwin both scored for Melbourne, and Dunne safely negotiated a base hit; but O ver. Wells and M'llwraitb were each too " lly, ' first base and the pitcher accounting for Over and M'llwraitb ; whilst Wells was hoist with his own petard in his pet position—ieft field. Fifth Inninhs.—Harry got- to first'cleverly nough on a centre field base hit; but should have been " dead to the world " on a "fly " given by Laver to Ingleton. who mulled it ill a most ud.^rous fashion, the result bein g that both these batsmen afterwards gut home, Harry on a wild throw. Bruce retired, pitcher to first, and hen, strangely enough, after Carter had made a ase hit, Iugleton again failed to secure an easy ouble play through declining a favour from Seidel; no ill effects resulting therefrom, though, s Carter was cut off at third, and Seidel pegged ut at the home plate owing to a dexterous shyy M'llwrailh from centre field. Melbourne's fifth innin „ completely ..... changed lie aspect of the game, Ross making an auspicious tart ' ' by achieving ' a base hit, which was au"Unented by a fielding error on the part of Laver. iie.n Culpitt . proved . equal to the emergency, as iso did M 'Kay, who. however, had a terribly lucky scape from a retirement to tlie players'bench hrough a most unaccountable bluuderon the part f Steel, the direct result of which was the addition f two more runs to the hatting side, With Ross ulpitt, M'Kay and Ov safely home, and no atman out, things looked decidedly unsettled f. ast Melbourne ; but pulling themselves together hey sent Ingleton, Irwin and Wells to the right bout in quick succession, the first batsman and lie pitcher assistin second base to retire ngleton (who purpi l.v sacrificed] himself to nable Over to get home), wliilst both Steele and ruce scored "assists" when Boyle gave lrvviu nd Wells their " scoot do grass." Sixth Iknikus.—Tho fates wore evidently against East Melbourne, aliieit M'Alister was fortunate in being allowed to get to first on an error of Over's, inasmuch as he fell a victim to misplaced confidence in imagining he could reach second prior to M'Kay forwarding the ball from behind the home plate to Ingleton, who took it " like a toff." Then M'Leod missed thiee strikes, and Boyle, after being spared by Wells in the left , ' eventually forced out from second to ' tu„„„i, iia„™ „,„4 r „,,„„ ,„„..: base hits; th^d through Harry and Laver mak. ^ '' ° f h,s unha lW 6 S o s l MCC ' 1 ' Mouk bungling on the part of Steel (usually one of the safest of players) allowed Dunne to secure a base; but he yielded up the ghost on his ourney from second to third, M'llwraitb being orce d ,I?4 u 1 t . 'J 1 ? ^'I 1 ® .i ancturu '. w ' ,i]st * ^ f nlt out m ' t! ' e t o r t n n i ilB S 01 aS ° h " d eI r ™ 1 8 uau- Seventh Innings.—Bruce had a bit of luck through a wild throw) in getting as far as third, but in the attempt to reach home h« succumbed J ^ U R A - A ^ ^ R * " aeia' i to reach firbt. 1 hen Carter got out on a ! oul H J> tllft innings being Id-ought ton conclusion M'Alistei- sending the hall back to the iiitcher wh l ? In " ff «d it the first attempt, but secured it in su(l i c<ent time to allow of it reaching first before tii u striker did. M'Kay s base hit proved the harbinger of a run, but Over failed to euchre the pitcher-nun. iirst baseman combination ; aud althou-h In<*Ieton played in masterly .style to get round to third, he w;i left there o.>ing to Irwin striking out and being superbly caught nil a tremendous hit by the right fiel l (M'Leod), whose performoTi^s during the match elicited the heartiest demonstrations of approval. Ejuhth Inninhs.—It was drawing closc up to " tune " when liust Melbourne took up the cudgels for their last innings, with a deficiency of 2 runs staring them m tlie face. M'Leod. the first man. managed to wipe one ol' those off, however, :ind "'though Uoyle and Harry failed to get the ball l laRt ' Over. Lavcr (after a preliminary bate hit) w s tllH was f on the J"irl> hiirh road towards squaring the vards when Bruce (who had got to first on halls) foolishly attempted to scuttle away to second without being afforded the ghost of'a show, and as a mnttei of course Pitcher Over, Second Baseman Ingleton and First Baseuiau Culpitt. quickly hemmed him in and gave him the finishing touch. " The result was a victory for Melbourne hy ] run without there being any necessity for them to take their eighth innings, the tussle lasting exactly an hour and forty minutes, liight up to the last minute the. remained in doubt, all.eit had East Melbourne succeeded in making another run Melbourne would have been declared the victors on the last completed innings (the. seventh). There can tie no two opinions about Steels discrepancies losing East. Melbourne the match, although it is equally ns certain that Ingleton's blunders sadly handicapped Melbourne on a couple of occasions. Hut then Ingleton made . ample amends for any . shortcomings „.. by 6t,, J ' l 'ng and unselfish play afterwards ; wher " Dolph " Steel was not allowed the opportunity to do so. The following nre ike respective, scores:— EAST MELBOURNE MNE. Namk and Position or Pi,avuu. Harry (pitcher) ... Laver (centre field) J. Bruce (short stop) Caiter (left- field) Seidel (catcher) ... Steel (second base) M'Alister (third base) M'Leod (right field) Uoyle (tilst hase) Totals MELBOURNE NINE. Na.mb and Posjtiox of Plateh. M'llwraitb (centre field) oss (third base) ulpitt (first base) 'Kay (catcher) ver (pitcher) ngleton (second base .^Irwin (shortstop) ells (loft field) ... unne (rirbl. field; Totals In connection with the Melbourne BicvcleClub Colour Regulations 1 have been supplied with a 'opy ot the Revised Rules theieanent, , which ] ml . l, 'de that- in order to . .. enable v unuju the ' ll— public J'U.fliU to IL """''" iilv distinguish one " competitor . . . . froui another . in cle races, nearly 4UOO distinctive colours have been at-ran d and printed in the M.B.C. Colour Book, and mpetitors must register one of these the colour thev alw;] intend to run in. The 01 1 - v 1:0 oJours that uiav be used —White, black, V een, yellow, gn nd brown, and there is a regulation shade, iu each colour. Tlie principal variations are—1st. all one colour; 2nd, all one, with different caps; 3rd, do., sashes ; 4t.li, do., sleeves; oth, do., spots ; litii, do., hoops ; 7th,' do., stripes. Sashes must be. the regulation width 4 inches), and are to he worn round the left shoulder to right hip (back and front), Hoops and stripes must be the same width as sashes - viz., 4 inches. Jackets and caps to be of the jockey type. Spots must ho 2J inches ill diameter. No two men can have the same colours, and they will be allotted according to priority of application. Every c-ompeiiti-r must, wear a silk or satin jacket, long sleeves, plain white knickerbockers, aud black sock= or stockings. It will be seen from the above that tho colours have been very carefully arrauged, so as to prevent. the possibility of one being mistaken for another. Unlike horse-racing, there need he no trouble in deciding which is red, cardinal, maroou, carmine, cerise, pink, geranium, or auy other like colour; for there is only the one regulation shade in each colour. Red, for instance, is adopted to tne exclusion of all others of its The prizes won at the recent Billiard Tournament at the Stock Exchange Club were presented on Friday evening last. Tho first prize was won by Mr. C. Lewis, Sir. 0. J. Laue being a very closc »ond, at atations were made the occasion for a very njoyable smoke concert, a large attendance f members being merrily entertained by Messrs. S"azelle, Langdaie, G.allium, F. M. Clark, Stock "Elder, \V. Kerr, Davidson and others. 