nlog Depths ol Crime and & Midnight Tour. MT onfrètes, MM. Charlea da Hemme! ~ «nd A. Mantelet* have been doing the . alums of Paris for the Journal, a new 'and bright paper, of which my old .friend ferdinand Xaa is editor. Their Jar&tol;^coveis two pages of that journal, and I ventare to call eome things from it. I coald not repeat all they say, even if I had space, though the; \whole j of it is interesting, and they "Have drawn a picture of the "dessous de Paris" which is full of strength. They went fust of all toLaVilette.one of the quarters which contains more ~>tougha and bad, women, than, any other in Paris! Toughs and bullies reign there.iñ company with fallen créatures, with whom they carry on friendly commerce. Nowhere else in the capital do there exist so many confirmed rascals .exercising an ignoble calling underthe very eyesof police authorities. They form an army which of an evening invades the pavement, spreads eva* that part of town, and crowds balls, cabarets, and " assomoirs." 'The women are even more numerous than the men, and as the fellows some- times insist on having more than one girl, there often happen some bloody rows. "fThe characteristic trait of the males ia* their extreme, youth, and to judgeCby their pale faces and their general air of debility, one is surprised tojlearn that they terrorise an entire quarter of the great city. They are conscious of their moral degradation . ' and-laugh over it, but if a stranger to * that locality hazards too close a look jÜitnr-eyesyWiU fix on him with menace ]juâ. àett ^hands will^feel for a knife with which to stab him as he turns the -corner; They have a hatred of all that is respectable and honest, and the social element does not exist for them outside of their own gangs. They are as beastly low, as vicious, and as ugly as the toughest wretches that Kew York ever knew, or that ever made the - slums7 of London the terror of modern humanity. ^.The dress of a Paris rough is the same for all-a coat of black or blue \- drilling, a silk or cloth cap with an extremely large visor, and velvet or cloth pantaloons. They put plenty of oil on their hair, and plaster it down in front of their ears. They drink Dad brandy and poisonous absinthe, and each and every one of them has a woman who is an outcast. Lack of work: or the ridiculously low remunera- tion received by females have perhaps prevented many of these miserable ^creatures from earning their living honestly. Bather than starve to death they become vile prostitutes, and rather than live alone in the world become the willing and sinful slaves of wicked men. The evil of prostitution has assumed terrible proportions in Paris in the last 12 or 15 years, and to-day the number of women under police regulation who are obliged to comply with certain administrative formalities ' is no less than 90,000. These figures do not include all those fast women known as the demi-monde, . and there are also many cocottes ply- ing their calling on the quiet who are \- not included in them either. It was into that part of the town where shady hotels, low dives, and dangtaous dens are innumerable, and . ;soma of which are nothing more than the''abodes of cut-throats, that m j confrères of the Journal first went. " In visiting this district," say they, "one feels a tightening of the heart- strings at the sight of so much depravity. You seek in vain for the human element, and animals often ' have a greater instinct of modesty than have the lascivious brutes who gratify their vile natures in that neighbor- hood. We penetrated into one of the bagnois, a half-hotel, half-gin-mill, on the Boulevard de la Vilette. Th« door is on a level with the street and opens into the saloon. The room has a low ceiling and is lighted by a sus- pension lamp; we could scarcely dis- tinguish objects in the demi-obscurity. To the right; was an old bar, at thc lower end were maimed and rickety tables, ¿with benches to sit on, here and there hung dirty chromos repre- senting war scenes, and above an old mirror was the portrait of President Carnot. " The proprietor of the establish- ment invited us to take a drink with him, but we paid for it. The glasses were filled with a liquid which we merely touched with our lips, and the proprietor told us that he let his rooms at five cents, for the night. That is the tariff of the house, and he said he would show them to us. We lefc the saloon, penetrated into a sort of court . yard, half of which is a shed with a board roof, mounted a spiral wooden staircase to a sort of balcony around which' the rooms are placed. These roams , are boxes without windows, almost without light, for it penetrares .with difficulty through the glass of thc door on 'the balcony. The walis are . -JDoarda, the Boor of brick, the furniture .only-a bed with a straw mattress ano a covering full of holes, and a singh . '"' chair. " On the floor is a tin wash . . basing a pitcher withont any handle . .anda; dirty towel." \- They went into another place. Theil cab rolled through the thick fog, an< they could scarcely distinguish th< streets" through which they passed Two po icemen walked along smoking cigarettes and paying little heed U what was passing around them. Ai they advanced groups became numerous There was a continual going from om gang to another, and the gangs wen made up of pimps and prostitutes. Th< air was filled with cries and catcalls . As they turned into a narrow stree' they saw a crowd going into a ball ix the passage d'Allemagne. "Our arrival produced a livel] excitement in the seething mass, ant ? we were the objects of suspicious ^ attentions. We entered a salooi where adulterated poisons were beinj sold as drinks. There was a fine col lection of the toughest creatures yoi 1 ever1'saw-men with hardened facei and brntal bearing-in the room Theirr, speech was accompanied fr g^ e^yEiá^ic,^. gestures, and when wi entered this Hell we Heard menacinj murmurs on all sides. Very likely the; took us for detectives, and they knew too, that we had one .with as as par guide, and companion. Some of them seemed to:be bothered by our presence and avoided tanking at us ; others tried to steal away unob.>eVved. The word ' police ' stirs all consciences, and, as most of these have misdeeds to their credit, we produced on them the same effect that Banquo's ghost produced en Macbeth. "The ballroom is rather small and has a very low ceiling. Tables are arranged along the walls, and the middle of the room is left clear: for dancers. An orchestra ofMive musicians were seated upon a platform in one corner. In all the crowd there was not one visage, not one physiognomy whioh did not bear the mark. of abjection, the Kving expression 4 of the low ruffian, ^oç. that : pf the moat miseri≤ class of fehwle streefc-walkers. Many1 of them of both sexes were young, lively and active, but their faces were stamped by early vice, and their color was an ashy gray, indicat- ing, in the majority of cases, weakness of the arterial centres and predisposi- tion to anaemia and chlorosis. "The hall was lighted by lamps sus- pended from the ceiling, and on the walls were significant notices, as for instance one which informed clients that they must pay in advance for their drinks, and another which for- bade customers from indulging in too much indecency. A number of men and women who could find no place at the table stood near the door, and they pushed forward-to form a wall around the dancers at the fhvt notes of the orchestra. We noticed that the majority of these persons were not over 20 or 22 years of age. Some of the girls whom debauchery had not yet blighted had a freshness of complexion which contrasted strangely with that I of their companions. " The orchestra played a waltz, and couples pressed against each other in a frou-frou of dirty skirts and frayed pantaloons which threw out an odor of poisonous drinks and perspiration. Now and then there was a quarrel and a face was slapped, but this was of such common occurrence that no attention was paid to it. It is only when there is a fight between roughs that the boss of the place interferes. Sometimes it happens that it becomes thesceae of a fixed battle in which blood flows ft eely, and then the police step in, but as a rule they interfere as little as possible. " Each dance costs one cent ; en- trance is free to everybody, and only those seated at a table are obliged to order drinks. The room was filled, and we were objects of much curiysity. The heat became intolerable, and as a mix- ture of bad alcohol and body perfume is not tile most enjoyable odor in the world we came to the conclusion that it was time for us to be leaving, and so quitted a hall the air of which we could no longer stand. When we were getting into the carriage a rascal threw a stone at us, which broke the glass of the cab door. We turned towards the upper end of the Bue de Crimée, and it was very late in the morning. At that hour Paris streets in that part of town have a similar aspect." Women were leaning ou the arms of roughs, and the night, with its chilling silence, broken only by the sound of their cartiage wheels, had something lugubrious and impressive about it. They longed to see a blaze of light such as shines up houses and gilds the boulevards wiih a stream of gold break forth. Who could tell what it would reveal to them of the mystery which was, perhaps, concealed under a thick darkness " What are we going to see ? " they asked their detective companion. " Another hell of the same kind, but a fouler one," he replied. " Do you know what struck me the most in that last place," remarked Mantelot. "No; what was it?" " Why, the very proper way in which those rascals and their girls did their dancing. There was no high-kicking, no can-canning. It was gay, but it was decent-much more decent than the young ladies at the Moulin Rouge or at the Casino de Paris ever are in their dances." Their carriage stopped, a hand opened the door, they looked about, aud seemed to be in a sort of a cul de sac. Before them was a squalid looking house, with a hanging sign, bearing these words : " Hotel Bal." This hotel is situate in a blind alley, running from the Rue de Crimée, at the corner of a narrow street of for- bidding aspect. One of my confreres felt for his revolver as he got out of the carriage, but the detective laughed and said : " Come now, no nonsense ; leave that plaything where it is and don't show any signs of fear." He led the way into the house. A strong stench almost suffocated them, but they braced up against the atmos- phere, though they breathed it with much difficulty. Thieves and toughs and their women filled the place, and on their hideous faces was the ex- pression of brutes gorged with poisonous liquors. Some of them examined the newcomers with an insolence that implied danger to the latter, and remarks were made with the intention of drawing a retort from the visitors. They kept silent, how- ever, and passed into the ballroom adjoining the bar. "As we entered girls were dancing to the music of an orchestra of three persons. Mel were dancing with them, but they did not seem to be enjoying themselves as much as the women. At one of the tables a youth was holding a girl in a tight embrace on his knees. Pressed close to each other, their lips together, they were an edifying picture of love not easily put out and of low immorality. But as an outrage on public morals committed in so unin- teresting a locality does not in the eyes of the law constitute a misde- meanor, the police rarely proceed against the proprietors of the houses or the authors of the misdeeds." They rode on to another den in the ¡ same neighborhood. " Here," said the detective companion, " is the ren- dezvous of slaughter-house men, who also take money from outcast women. We consider these fellows the most dangerous of all, because independent pf their predisposition to steal and their bestiality; they are accustomed to blood, and this incites them to use a knife freely, even among them- selves." 