* ,' MRS. 'CARRUTIIERS; ' IC 'ATALE OF A LADY'S. CLUB. , i HE:was such,a quiet little woman, so it different in manner, dress, and appear ucae from the other ladies whao formed the } En Cartes, that it was always a subject for much wonderment to newlyl-eected members as. to how' Mr. Carruthera ever came to h belong to such an institution. It was not that anybody threw doubts on a the factof her being a lady by birth and h position. ' Her own'family, and that of her late hPsband, lhad held a high place among Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could C the. most inveterate scandal-monger even dream a word agoinst a woman whose sense of're~titude had developed into intolerance of lther people's failings, and whose moral code was written between the traightet and nrarr oest of ruled lines. Th'rese mental characteristics, added to a dowdldv neat exterior, and a malner that was deprecating to meekness, were, how ever, all food for the curious minded, and invariably it was noticed that before a new member had joineda week she would inquire of seeonse else " Who was that fadled little dowdy I met a oni the tairs just now ? She actually Went into the card-room under my very nose. I She's somebody's maid, I suplpse. But she ouehlet to he told to keep out of our sight." Then someene would volunteer that if she wai a small thin womnan, withl eandy.hair, a ? '?o:lum?irey, Iade eyes, and a'nervous manner, Tlis. Cerilhllers was her ncime, and she wae a meolber of the club, and therefore had ap perfect right ltogo where she pleased. h " Mirs. Carruthers. And whou may she be ? How did such a queer-lookingcreature ever get in here ?" A.d strong in the consciou-nets of smart gowns, fine diamonds, and a well-nuthenti coted position in the social scale, the new cnomer woutl generally draw herself up, and put on an injured air at the bare idea of leilng obliged to breathle tehe same air with a woee ee who asetiarently load neithercarriages mlar horse, n n house inl Mayfair, and no eteoetieng-box in Soetlond. " She is one of the original meembers, and 1 have a sort of idea that Lady Maydford krlew her and her huoband when they were well off." "" 1eoelllle ilc's very poor." "-Se certainly doers ot look as though she were endowed weith too eany of tlhis worll'. goode- ald I ofteen wodelr how srle manllages to pay her subscription." "'Oh! well. If you have that feeling about her it is not extraordinary that I should have had doubts as to who she could be." That was how people spoke of eMrs. Carruthecs. Sihe did not go very oten to the IEn Cartat. At the very outsdle she might eter its doors and find her wayt to the long crd-stome once a week. lBut a-often as not a ineinth or six weeks would go by any d Ihe weak little luly with the smlooth grey hair aol porle eyes aonde not he c?en. Wllen she ild econe she hid enot stay lollg, though site tried tou appear as f she was in tile habit of usilng the club habitually for the farpose of wrtig liter letters nlld inecting hler frieels. It w.ss like a letle comndy to twatch her arrive and go through the forme of asking for letters, and thel repaeirig to the writing-room to order a cup of tea, while she went through tie form of pretending to write let.er.a..l reset thle ervaieg f poler. But if you watched eer carerfully you would see that she was feverishly excited, aned fidgetted about like a lien on a batnk while her browl ot ducklilgs swaea about. Indeted, the 'stile is tint a bad one, as it was literally about a bank that .Mrs. Carru there did fidget. In other words, Mrs. Car rathers was a confirmed gambler, in counter distinction to a person who merely plays carde. There was real gambler's blood in her veins. She had always been one of tho.e extr?ordinarv leerouna to wlhom cards a prey to it. Cards 'made a dif ferent woman of her. They brightened her cup till she became almost pretty. When she touched them the blue veins shone througlh the white skin of her thin small lands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of beingsalsw, luiet, aend unreserved,sherbecamh e quick, vivacious, and inmpulsive. Since the e.tablialement of the club shie had never played high, in the sense of staking large ulne, and douhtless to many she would have appeared merely a person who, having a fiver or a teaner whalh she did not know what to do with, gave it a chance, as the saying is. To those, however, who have studied gamblers she was obviously one of that large class who all their lives have played for all they have got, who are always going for the gloves, and who are never dles mayed by loa, but are convinced every time they lose that they are only one step nearer the end of their bad luck, and one stet nelrer the grand coup, the one chance of their lives, when their luck must turn and they will sweep all before them. As we know. thlis never happens. for the simple reason that thLey pey with the idea of leav ing off when they win, and wheo they win they follow their luck and lose all, not being able to follow the money they' hare lost. Theluck of l-Ire. Carruthers had turned as often s anyone else's, but she never knew it, for if she turned a tenner into £200 she woull not hare the pluck to get upand go. and what siek had taken a wtole night to build up, she would put down on the turn of a card only to see it swept away the next aninute, and se left withouteven herorigi cal stake. It wees by persistently playing this gaen that flrs. C:arrethers never gave hlerself a chance, and always ended by losing. The type is well known to gamblers, and as long as the ace of spades is the unluckiest card in the pack there will be people who will opend their lives in losing tenners on the wholly impossible chance of some day or other winning a lare stake. Indeed, though she never brougit much at a time to the club, one way and another at the end of a year her loes were as large, if not larger, than anybody else's. Indeed, so persistent were her losses that the members ptcitively disliked to win her eaooty. for, as lires . X. . Hicks. the Almerica,said. 'iShe ain't worth my money. Her liver ain't no good to me if I win, and I'm standing to be shot for £5,000." -?-_ , It wasabkout 'the end of .cttber,-:iwhedii .Sciety wks bei k n'niicgtd oco?e back totown, that irs. Carruthers turledc up at the En Cartes Club onenight. She went through her usual formula of' inpecin g the mem bers', book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a lettrr or two,,and casually turning over the evening papers, and finally, after fussing about, inquiring casually, "Is anybody in the card-room "? Beilng answeced in the anfirmative, site pretonded to hesitate a moment and finally picked up her skirts and slowly ascended the etaire and entered the long room wheer= a iaca-t otafble was in full swing. Lady Jicilhltlesoea as in the bank, and the playrre were too eocupied to take much ciuticr o oftlletat of lr. Cruthers. Sht coemmenced lunting ewith two sovereignu anhd wooI, andlel-riaes her stakes cown wond gaon. \Withdcrcinui the c6khe had won, sITe comcoeneed again iith her originalu stake, and-saw her twousovereigns swept away. She' then put downo eight and wu. paid an equal amount, ned leaving it down found herself in po5 serSion of £32 in a few seconds.- She withdrew it cautiously, and waited to see howir tile cards would go. The bank won, and lrs. Carruthers felt elated~,at her own cleverness. She was evidently ilayiny eic4r fully, for again she made no ntato. and .taiig the bank on.w The cards er' evident?? rucnincgiutreptetu, and rotllee ,ul the bank .. win aguinbefare she stakethe acd then otto putdoen the whole £32 wlieli she hid so'i. She?abodone wisely, ancd leoavini. dowi the £6?4 sheawept upthe£128 and waited: Aaein the bank lost. soit wa s cleart tle eetr0ile?,'e- exh'sated,gnd sio waitilga fe l.mhLt .-lee acawnthe bank;brolken anld the iske b p bitii p toe aucton. Th firett bid wc:£10 ? obl, Carruthers bid £15, and finally took 'it lor i£110. She was in great luck. The bank I had it all its own way. Wheie it lost at all it was onlay on one iide. When it won it awept the tabla, and, what withthnhe folrn.e easual, pickings, and a final run of seix, though the play was 'small, and monerI seemed scarce, the croupier had som'e'£l,200 bf Mrs. Carruthere's winnings in front of' her. The banker loonked rightand left before dealing the cards. On one side the p stakes were £5, and on the other £7. She hesitated a mmnent before throwing "up the' cards. In that moment 'Dlre: Decane'a said "Banco." Mrs. Carruthers hesitated another moment, dealt, and looking at her 1 cards, said- i "Igive I" "If you please." . She dealt six to Mirs. Decaisie and seven i to herself.. ' " ' !: . . 'i Nino," said Mrs. Decaine. i:' . " En cartes," replied the banker. I She dealt again, and again said: {"Igivel" The answer was :l" No, thank you.5" .ilrs. Decaine' as obviouslye tanding:on li five, six, or seven. 'In that moment Mrs. c Carruthers cursed the temptation she hadi yielded ,to and she drew aseven. S"Six,"said Mrs. Decaine. . i Mrs. Carruthers calmly turned her card I1 and replied in a ghost of a voice, "Bas." b She rose quietly from her seat and saw irs. c Decains carry off the £2,200 she had won by staking £2, and had lost by being too greedy. Sihe left the room as quietly .asn she ihad entered it,'and then the game went on. ' ' ' ' SMrs. Decaine took'the bank for £i00, and the noble army of punters started to try and a get a bit back. Play had proceeded about a ten minutes when the Marchioness of May fair entered, and said : "I beg pardon, Mrs. Decaine, for inter rnpting, but somebody has been larkiig, and I Iam in a hurry. as I have to fetch my I husband at ' the House,' and I am late." f " Well, what's the matter ?t" "Somebody has tried to frighten me by I hiding my tiara. Who is it, ,,,sw! Come,is gireitup. Ihave'fourpIaitiestoso. and I shan't be in bed till foul, soa I haven't time for joking." Everybody waited for the somebody to speak, but there was dead silence. "Come, come," said Lady MlayfaLir, "'ah joke'as a ijoke, and I have had miy fright." t Nobtody laoke, and the )uchess of Mars tni rang 'the belL When the servant entered, site said " Tell Madlame Skazi to come here." The punters left the table and gathered round the fire. Presently Ma.ndae Sknzi entered. "Good evening, Skazi Lady Mayfair laid down her tiara in the dressing-room andit ha gone. You had better see that nobody leaves the club, and have the ser vants up, and we can search them before the police are called cip Any other lutelnerr wl may be inl the club, for forsl? sake Ihad bettercome up too." Skazi looked stupeflled, but went ol. In a few secolnds irs. Corruthers walked in ald iquietly tsht the ldoor. " I.wns leaviig the club, but it was nlin ing. and they coull not get me a cab, when Madame Shari camne down ndl ordered tihe club to be cla,,cs and tile erv"ants to come up and hbearctied. TYon eed not doubt the aervalts. It was I who took your tiara." The half-dozen women Assembiled roundl the fire turned sharply at the words, and faced--Mra. Carruthers. In her dowdy brown stiff gown, and with her tieid, shrialking air, more marked than usual, she seemed so utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or decision, that the Marehiones' of Mayfair talmost laughed. Not quiet, thoulgh, for held out before her, in the pale, thin fingers,and glittering in the firclight, was the lost tiara. "?'iou took it, w Mrs. Carruthers You, the-" "ihe iash the sentence, Lady Mayfair. I am the thief." He white face flushed as lhe " This Is scarcely, a timle for jestirig, Mrs. " Carruthers. The original joke of hiding it was not a good one if you will pardon me for saying so, but really it is scarcely I imlprov'ed by this silly confession." " It is very kind of you to give me a chance of getting out' of it, Ladly Mayfair, but I cannot accept it. I stoleyour tiara, rI meant to keep it and sell it. I was prevented from getting away, and I came to restore it Asd to throw tmyself on your mercy." "You are crazy, Mrs. Carruthers." "I know I am, or at any rate I was, and I want you to think ton and to forgive me t for what I did when I was mad. now that I Iconfess when I am- "Sane, quite so," "" No, 'found out' is the word." e " You really mean to say you stole this not intending to return it?" S "1 did." S "In heaven's name, why?" "' Because to-night I have lost my last chance of sestoring what I have stolen for e years and spent amolng you. It may not have been much to you. but it was my all. n Ido not blame you--it was my own faultn I thought I saw a chance of making what would be a little Iortune to me. I sawe others do it almost every night t canle, and so little by little I have drawn out my son's fortune with the idea of giving hit my iwinnings. To-night I mele the last effort. o To-morrow he comes of age and receives his f commission only to learn that he is a beggar, t and his mother is a thief." i The poor womans fell'on her knees sob bing," lI did it for the best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for my a son's sake.. I have wronged him enoughll. was mad, forgive, me. Forgive me for his sake." It was a truly- pitiable sight to see the 11 poor woman sobbing on the floor as if her hiart would break, and it was apparent everyone pitied her for the mad. infatiation which had broughther intosuih a condition. Lady Mayfair took in the general feeling at f glance, and lifting her h'om the floor, led her away. Hardly had they left the room when the Duchess of Marston said " It seems to me obvious that we cannot be have any scandal, and also that as ladies we cannot keep this boy's money. Personally, I pity the woman, who seems reallyaorry. te must thimk what is the hest thling to be doife under the circunstances. " ,,, ;:.: ','Y ' :Tleitl'ext dy yMi'sC Catec?si receivced the followiing"latter:-. ? , lh ilsAasi, - The committeeta fE A. Cartes Club beg to accept your resigna a tion, and in doing oconsider you should 1E draw out your son's fortune which you have invested for him in the concern. SThey. however. had some. time back placed in tihe hands of,.Mesrs. R--,- the well-known financiers, to whom they explained the circumistaties, the sum of d £3,[000. They very kindly consented to re accept te sum nveted for yourson in h will thus be in receipt of £210 ia year, and at thie end of five years will Ibae the couponsa ohici sholt be fo?waidied" to'lidm, t £3 30)..-7"s. Hca . " - , WTHAT DREAlMS SIGNIFY." Pt To drem of a millstone around yourneek 'os a sin of whapt you may exipeciit yesi get San extrarvagant swile:. hen a young lady e dreams of a cffin it betokens that she should '5 isistantly gtive u Iacing hee. stays tightly 5,and alwayv no Warrnly and thickly shod in ?Iwetwather.·raTo droam?.o a fireisia ign i that if you van are rii?e, you will see that the in lights in yoar hobase are all safely out before Iou to bed. Todream that .your nose i Sred at; the tip Is na' arminghley e yoi had Sbetter leave off brandy and waterii I If thereis ani3thing I dilike,' said Blig. in gis as thie Editor returned his witty eWo t, . 'it'sa iman who won't take a joke." le' Iti inr ever too Ilte.tniend. This is w5y it ie colbler si erhlias your' boots done at thm a ama Isratoed 