Fob some considerable time the Pin naroo country has been much talked about as suitable for agricultural settle ment. Reports were conflicting as to the quality of the soil, and hon. mem bers naturally enough did not care to legislate so as to incur a large ex penditure in opening up the Pinaroo lands till satisfied that the soil was capable of producing fair cereal crops. The fact that a railway of considerable length would be requisite in the event of settlement to provide facilities for the producers who would be located there made it all the more necessary that reliable information should be in possession of the legislature. Hence it was thought advisable that a Parlia mentary party should make a personal inspection of th-t country. That has been done, and judging from the in formation to hand, the members who constituted the party have faithfully and unflinchingly performed a most laborious task. The eight hours system for the time being had to be violated and from daylight till dark the party had to traverse rough oountry, and daring the night had to submit to the pinchings of ' Jack Frost/' Neither did they fare sumptuously every day, but contentedly partook of 'bush tocker.' Electors who occasionally denounce Parliamentary outings, and paint the members as lying in the lap of luxury, eating and drinking and making merry, will have to make an exception of the Pinnaroo trip. The Commissioner of Crown lands during hiB Parliamentary career has had his share of downright hard and riBky bush work. That he, with others, has done the dutieB of explorer solely in the interests of the colony will be readily admitted. Knowing too that he is specially interested in the Pinnaroo oountry, because the first to take steps towards getting it surveyed in order to its being taken up and cultivated. From what we know of the coantry from report we fear that the Lands Commissioner has returned with modified views of the capabilities of the country as an agricultural centre. If the best of the land can only be reckoned upon as capable of producing three or at most four cereal orops, then it is a matter for calculation whether or not the legislature would be justified in making a railway to provide facilities for the few who might be disposed to settle there. It is very clear to us that were the Government to favor free selection be fore survey, the best patches of open country would be run upon, while the sand hills and scrub land would be passed by. If the oountry is to be utilised to advantage it should be sur veyed so that on each holding there would be a fair proportion of land fit for cultivation. In that case the pastoral and agricultural interests would have to be combined. But it is questionable whether under such cir cumstanceB selectors could make ends meet. If we are rightly informed it is a poor grass country, and the rain fall in the best seasons is not over abundant so far as is known. Were the lands so situate that people could go, and be prepared to face any diffi culties in the way of getting the pro duce of the farm to market, Parliament would not incur, much responsibility in resolving that the lands be surveyed and everything done to facilitate settle ment. In this case, however, the utilising of the land means the con struction of a railway. To us it does not appear at all likely that the traffio would even meet the interest on the outlay and working expenses, and after a few years it would be depopulated. When the visiting party has made public its report perhaps we may be able to take a more favorable view of the country. We have no wish to detract from the real value of this piece of border land ; at the same time we would warn against unprofitable ex penditure. Other land is available in less out of the way parts, and the Land Boards are endeavoring to meet the demand. But while there is ever a cry for land, we cannot divine why so many of the smali farmers who occupy first-class land allow it to beoome waste, producing little else than obnoxious weeds. Clabe Goldfiblds.— For the past fort night a few men have been prospecting in the Clare racecourse paddock near where about £30 worth of gold was obtained, but the result of their labor has not been en ctfuraging. They have consequently ceased operations, and the hidden treasure, if any, is likely to remain hidden for the present at least. Stanley A. and H. Society.— We b* lieve that the secretary of .the above society is making satisfactory progress in filliog the financial columns in his ' members' note book.' Members, new and old, are respon sive, being well aware that the society to be successful must be liberally supported. We commend them for taking a practical and liberal interest in the society. Vine Pest. — Last season the young vineg in this and adjoining districts were con siderably injured by grabs which burrowed iu the loose soil by day and feasted on the tender leaves by night. After much mis chief had been done by the pest, Mr. J. Christison, S.P., applied anjeffectual remedy, which consisted of bran, treacle, and Paris green. A small portion of the mixture waa placed on the stem of each vine. The grubs devoured it, and a single meal was enough. The grub has thus early put in an appearance, and unless sharply looked after will attack the vine as soon as the buds open. Vignerona keep an eye on the yonng plants ! Angdpkna Goldfibld. — The correspon dent of the Kapunda journal writing on August 17 says: — 'Since my last very little has occurred of any interest, and no new finds have been made. The prospect ing parties have made a start, one party going in one direction and the other taking the opposite. Diggers are leaving daily for fresh fields and pastures new, whilst a few continue to arrive, but the former outnum ber the latter by three to one. Some of those leaving are going to Teetulpa, it be ing rumored here that an old lead which was lost during the time of the rush has jnst been rediscovered, a 4-oz. nugget hav ing been unearthed.' : Big Things.— We heard it said that Glare could boost of the biggest publican in the colony. We nre not prepared to vouch for the accoracy of that statement; but we hazard a dollar on the assertion thai -me of the local publicans has tb« lar^tt wlieel barrow in tlie c»!.-nv. It is a sight to gee the sturdy *tnl.it--iiati between its 6b-tft«. The other -Im- !,., forced nU wjij with the one-wheeled vehsi:!i «lonjj the footpath to the booking-office of Hill & Co. us the conch arrived, and n passenger ai-iied him if his carriage was u?e-i for nuv special purpose. The ready r«pponse was — 'Ob, yrt, it is used for lairing the Mijornad Councillors round the town on inspection days.' And as the Mi) or and ft Councillor or two put in an ap^e.trancs at tlie nio.uent' the elubie wit evidently snored a point. Clabk JfcSTiTTJTE. — A. Committee meet ing of the above Institute «b« held in the library on Tuesday evening litet. Dr. Bain (President) ozcupied tbu chair. The minuteB of the last meeting were rend and confirmed. Finance — Subscriptions due, £10; accounts passed f--r paynieui, £7 ISs 7d. The secretary of -b« Hainley bridge Institute wrote asking whether the Com mittee would sell second-hand library books. On the moliou --f Air. O. JJix, secmied liy Mr. G. Lloyd, Miss Work was reappointed secretary on the same terms aa last year. A discussion ensued as to the desirableness of having the front of the Institute painted. The matter was left in the hands of the Works Committee to obtain an estimate for the work. Hill Rrirutt Shohthobn Cattlk fob the Flhmington Show, Vigtohia, to open on the 29th inst. — Even in these doll times when there is not or likely to be any demand for stock for some time, the Hon. J. H. Angas evidently me&os; if possible to maintain his high reputation as a breeder of high class shorthorn cattle, for on Tuesday last he dispatched from his famous Hill River herd of shorthorns 15 animals in charge of H. Jenkins, which, if we are judges, ehould sustain the re nown or tneir parents, wnicn. nitnerto nave for years returned home from the other colonies with the lion's share of laurels against the foremoBt herds of Australasia and New Zealand. We will briefly specify the animals sent to the Flemington show for competition :— Rose of Connaugbt III., 7 years old, winner of seven first prizes and three champions, and pronounced by com petent judges to be the best cow seen in the other colonies. Blanche Rose XII., 6' year old, a beautiful rich roan, all quality and a perfect typa of a shorthorn, which also has a special record from the show yard. Both of these cows leave two good bull calves behind. In two-j.ear-old heifers there are — Lily Waterloo VII. and Regia Niblett V., both first and second prize winners in Victoria last year as year lings, and ehould take the same place this year as two year olds. Lily Waterloo VlL, (her dam Lily Waterloo III.), Blanche Rose XII., Rose of Connaught III., and Lord Russell IX. won the special prize group of shorthorns in Victoria last year. Lily Waterloo III. remaina at home this year with a splendid bull calf at foot, sired to the famous bull Royal Connaught. Lord Russell IX, Mr. Angas sold a few months back to a well-known shorthorn breeder in New Zealand for 265 guineas. In yearling heifers there are — Lily Water loo VIII. ; dam, Lily Waterloo III. ; sire, Lord Russell IX. Lily Waterloo XL; dam, Lady Waterloo XXXII. ; sire, Red Prince, both wonderfully good heifers, and should make a name for themselves on this their maiden trip. Balls — Lord Water loo VI., rising 3 years old, a beautiful roan, all quality, sire Royal Connaaght, dam Lady Waterloo XXXII. The judges in Melbourne last year were a long time agreeing as to the bast between this and another bull belonging to their own colony, at last deciding in favor of their own, at the same time pronouncing Lord Waterloo VI. a model bull. He has much improved since and will take a lot of beating for first place aa a 3-year old, although he will be at a disadvantage, being calved 6 months out of season. Lord Waterloo X., rising 2 years old, a rich red -with little white and soft mossy coat, first prize winner lest year bb a 9 months old calf. He is half brother to Lord Waterloo VI., being sired by Lord Russell IX. ; both are really good animals of the shorthorn type. In yearling bulls there are — Beau Niblett X.; sire, Beau Niblett IX; dam, Regia Niblett IV. Duke of .Gloucester XVI. ; eire, Royal Con naught ; dam, Musical XXI. Beau Blanche VIL; sire, Lord Waterloo V.; dam, Blanche Rose VIII. Connaught VI. } sire, Lord Ruseell IX ; dam, Rose of Connaught VI. Bull— calf 9 months old, Lord Gifford X. ; sire, Lord Waterloo V.; dam, Lady Gazelle II. These are five well bred young bulls, and they look it all over, and should also have many admirers. There are also two two-year- old bulls untried in the show ring — both good quality roans — Brunswick Prince and Pride of Oxford. All are in the pink of condition, and we hope the enter prising owner will again prove a successful competitor in the other colony, and thus maintain his reputation as a breeder of high class shorthorn cattle. The National Bank of Australasia. — Creditors of this Bank are notified that they are required within four months from the last publication of the official advertise ment relating to this matter to send their names end addresses and the particulars of their debts and claims to Mr. F. G. Smith, the Official Liquidator, -Collins street, Melbourne. Creditors are also required, if asked to do so by the liquidator, to come in and prove their debts or claims at the chambers of the Hon. Sir John Madden, Chief Justice of Victoria. February 1, 1894, is the day appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the debts and claims. Owing to the old bank being wound up by the court in consequence of its having a separate Act of incorporation of ita own, and not registered under the Companies Act, the present notice is required as a matter of form in order to complete the winding up of the old institution. Concert.— The concert given in the Town Hall, Clare, on Wednesday evening in aid of the Industrial School for the Blind North Adelaide, was attended with a most satisfactory result, and the proceeds to be handed over to this deserving institution will be of a substantial and gratifying natnre to the poor blind people. Mr. Jas. Silver had worked hard to ensure success, and to him is doe in a great measure the happy issue that attended hie well- directed efforts. It was a happy thought of his, too, to have the programme printed on a sheet devoted to local advertisements, and eo help the cause of the poor blind to the ex tent of £5 or £6. The Industrial School for the Blind so far has not fared badly at the hands of the Clare public. About' three years ago the ladies of this town raised i by their own exertions some £70, which | they handed over to the Blind School, and the concerts given by the Blind Choir have always been well patronised. The atten dance on Wednesday evening was no ex ception to the rule that has hitherto pre vailed, and was a very large one. The con cert opened with an overture exceedingly well executed by Mr. A. Bishop (violin), Mr. R. Bishop (violoncello), and Mr. C. A. Harder (piano). The orchestra also opened the second part with a spirited rendering of ' The Third March,' with was played with martial effect and in well-marked time, A recitation, ' Our Travelled Parson,' showed that Mr. Braddock was no stranger to the elocutionary art, and he waa listened to with marked attention. A brilliant piano forte trio from ' Preciosa' was played in a faultless manner by Mrs. Hodge, Miss Gib bons, and Master Silver ; and in his song, ' The Mighty Deep,' Mr. F. Wiltshire was compelled to pay the mandate of the man agement, and decline an imperative encore. The principal feature of the evening was, however, the excellent singing of a choir of between 30 and 40 voices. Every piece had evidently been carefully studied and re heareed under Mr. Hodge's supervision, and the result was a performance which for pre cision, purity, and expression could scarcely have been passed. We see no reason why a large permanent choir should not be es tablihed in Clare for the diffusion of sound musical knowledge and pure taste among the residents. The part-songs on WedneB day evening were listened to with great pleasure, the melodies being graceful, the combinations harmonious, and the effects rich and beautiful. Mr Hodge has long and ably pursued the cultivation of vocal harmony, and he has been able to show by praotical results the efficacy and success of his praiseworthy efforts. The ladies and gentlemen of the chorus acquitted them selves in a manner which would have done credit to the most regularly-trained choral society, and it was pleasing to observe the sweet quality or me voices, especially tne trebles, the correct execution of each part, and the spirit and freedom of the whole performance. Mr. Hodge conducted with firmness and self-possession, giving general satisfaction. The different parts were well balanced, and the contraltos (which is not always the case) sang carefully and tone fully. The part-songs chosen were 'The Coral Grove,' having a most attractive theme ; ' The Norse King's Bride,' eung with much vigor ; a chorus and solo, ' Now Tramp eo'r Moss and Fell,' given with great effect, the solo being taken by Miss Gibbons, whose voice is a soprano of great power and compass. Her execution is clear and brilliant, her method of vocalisation excellent, and she uses her voice like an accomplished artist. In this chorus the basses sang effectively. In ' Sweet Spring,' a lovely madrigal, the harmonies were de lightful, breathing a beautiful and true English spirit, and this was one of the gems of the evening, the imitation of the cuckoo by the tenors being quite realistic. Master W. Silver, who acted as pianist, kept the voices well up to concert pitch. Wien awak'i'a lovely Legende was played most ex quisitely as a violin solo by Dr. Souter, who had travelled expressly from Balaklava to take part in the concert. The doctor played his most arduous passages in a free and unrestrained manner, his intonation was true, and his style was finished and graceful. Loud applause greeted the tal ented medico at the conclusion of his well executed solo. Later on in the evening Dr. 8ottter again charmed his listeners by bis admirable rendering of a 'Danse Polo naise,' the violin in his hands seem ing almost to sing the beautiful melody. A vocal trio, 'Now Rest thee on this Mossy Pillow,' was eunp with that chaste ness and highly cultivated execution which might have been expected from the fair songstresses — Mrs. Hodge and Misses Gibbons and Silver. A duet, ' Cnilperic,' on the piano by Misses Stacy and Silver gave promise of future excellence, and a Cornish ghost story, admirably read by the Rev. H. H. Teague, excited the risible faculties of the audience, and made their flesh creep as well. One of the most pleasing items on the programme was Braga's 'Angel Serenade,' with violin obligate. This was tastefully sung by Miss Mayr, whose smooth and finished style is characteristic of thU lady's singing. Mr. A. Bishop maintained his reputation as an accomplished vicliniet of the best school, his violin accompaniment being patheti cally and delicately played. The National Anthem, song by the whole company, brought the concert to a successful ter mination. Mr. J. Roach, of Adelaide, whose name was on the programme, was unavoidably absent, but generously sent a guinea to help the concert funds. A Victorian Judge on Drink.— Before the Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Association at South Melbourne on Sunday (reports the Age) Mr. Justice Hodges in an address on the drinking habits of society assured the audience that ' he verily believed drink to be the cause of more loss to the State, more loss to the individual, more domestic misery, and more crime than all other causes put together.' The learned Judge quoted Hayter to prove the enormous consumption of liquor in Victoria. In the returns for 1891 the population was estimated at 1,000,000, and the consumption of alcohol was 1,360,000 gallons, 2,000,000 gallons of wine, and 20,000,030 gallons of bear. De ducting the Rechabites and members of other Total Abstinence Societies, and taking the average number of adult males as 1 in 4\. His Honor came to the conclusion that the average adult male managed to swallow every year about 72 gallons of beer, 7 gallons of wine, and 5 gallons of spirits ; or a weekly average of 1£ gallons of beer, three- quarters of & bottle of wine, and half a bottle of whisky. He further cal culated that every year £6,500,000 was spent upon intoxicants, or about £22 10s a year for each adult male. . He also showed that between the years 1885 and 1892 the total amount thus expended was £46,000,000, a sum about equal to our national debt. Out of 35,429 persons ar rested during 1891 10,000 ware appre hended for drunkenness, and the Judge thought it would be within the mark to eay that 9,000 of the others had erred throngh the effects of drink. 