ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES THE JUSTICES REVELRY BILL. [DRAFTED BY HUGH KALYPTUS.] This is a Bill for an Act to Restrain the Judges from Revelry and High Feeding and Extravagance at all Times and Seasons. Whereas it hath been suggested by one Robert Homburg (but since disproved)— THAT at divers times and seasons their Honors the Judges were wont, while on Cir- cuit, to career wildly through the country on mustangs, bronchos, buckjumpers, warrigals, cab-horses, and other high-mettled steeds, and to dress in purple and fine linen and fare sumptuously every day at the expense of Her Gracious Majesty's liege subjects, and against the peace of Her Majesty, Her Crown and Dignity. BE IT THEREFORE ENACTED that no Judge while on Circuit shall mount, ride, drive, or hire any horse, polo pony, buckjumper, or bicycle, but shall walk the Circuit wherever practicable. HENCEFORTH it shall not be permitted of any Judge or official of the Supreme Court of South Australia to pass his plate more than twice for meat and once for pudding. Neither shall he have more than one vege- table. BE IT ENACTED also, that any hotel-keeper or licensed victualler supplying long sleevers, butchers of beer, or other expensive refresh- ments of a kindred character to the Court officials on Circuit shall not be entitled to re- cover for the same. IT IS ALSO deemed expedient that no Judge, Sheriff, Associate, or other member of the Circuit Court, shall be permitted to have a whole pot of jam to himself, but shall share it equally pari passu all round; also that the same regulation shall apply to bottled ale, wine, and pickles et ejusdem generis. FOR THE DUE observance of economy, the practice of sleeping three in a bed shall be followed wherever practicable, and to prevent waste of public money the party shall be divided into two watches, one-half sleeping till the hour of midnight, and vice versa. IN NO CASE will tips or solatia of more than threepence be permitted to be given to hotel servants, and any sum exceeding that shall be at the personal charge of the donor ex mero motu. NO CHARGE will be allowed for meals the first dayexcepting the evening meal, the Circuit party expected to take their own lunches with them on setting forth. NO JUDGE shall take, carry, conduct, convey, or otherwise transport, or permit, or suffer to be taken, carried, or transported, any dog, cat, or other domestic animal on Circuit, excepting it be at his own proper charge; and if any Judge shall take, or cause to be taken, any yacht, yawl, or ketch, or other vessel for the purposes of nautical recreation on any lake, river, lagoon, or pond while on Circuit, shall have the cost of the transport of the same deducted from his official salary. AND ANY Judge causing any Sheriff, Asso- ciate, or other Supreme Court official to act as the whole or portion of the crew of any such yacht, yawl, ketch, or other vessel, shall be hauled over the coals forthwith, if not sooner. My friend, the Director of the Zoo (writes Hugh Kalyptus) has sent me a copy of the Westminster Budget, which contains among other highly interesting literary and artistic tit-bits, the account of an interview with Hagenbeck, said to be "the greatest animal trainer in the world," and I am now thinking of opening negotiations with him for the subjugation of the Tantanoola tiger as a first speculation. This Hagenbeck appears to treat lions and tigers and carnivora generally with as much familiarity and contempt of danger as we treat members of Parliament, Commissioners of Audit, J.P.'s, and other erratic remnants of the animal kingdom. He will make a lion sit up in a chair just like one of our mining directorate "guinea-pigs," and he will compel a tiger to stand up on its behind legs just as readily as an Adelaide knight, C.M.G., will upend himself at a teetotal meeting regardless of his predilection for Walker, Hennessy, or Islay Blend. The Westminster Budget sensationaliser tells us that he sat in the midst of a circle of wild beasts waiting their "turns" with "a beautiful little baby lion on my knee, which amused itself by playing with my watch chain and handkerchief." Leaving out the undecided question whether it was the knee or the baby lion which indulged in those blandishments, and also the significance of "waiting their turns" (to eat somebody), one can still go into raptures over the pathetic picture presented of the sympathetic reporter and the unsophisticated lion cub associated in tender companionship; the little leo felis never dreaming of the mischief the para- graphist might do to his character as a bona fide beast of prey in futuro; and the para- graphist keeping himself dark, with the cunning of his craft. The historian of the ring proceeds to relate how most of the animals "affectionately kissed Mr. Hagen- back as he passed them sitting on their seats" —probably if their own inclinations had been consulted they would have offered him a seat inside—and then the cleverly written report goes on to relate how this—one of the "finest wild beast trainers in the world"—entered the circle "with his whip in his band, which as he entered he cracked smartly" (I am glad the reporter mentioned that important point of the pro- cedure)—"causing the animals to spring sharply to attention upon their little seats." Just imagine that terror of the South-East, the Tantanoola tiger, doing that; he would be more likely to go to the local Magistrate—old Jeff. Stow—and takeout a summons for assault. The guileless reporter goes on to re- late how he noticed the "marvellous unity and loving kindness" which he brought to pass among these animals, and he did not then know of the behaviour of the humans in the House of Commons, or it would have led his sympathetic soul to insti- tute comparisons unfavourable to the biped carnivora, or rather omnivora—they are cer- tainly not ruminants, for they did not, in that instance at least, chew the cud of reflection. At the risk of being too lengthy, one must refer to the episode of the "huge German boarhounds—great, affectionate beasts they were too. As I patted one of them (I am quoting) as it passed me, he reared himself on his hind legs, threw his fore paws round my neck, and delightedly covered my face with kisses." Shades of Herrick and Byron, think of that! the luscious balmy kisses of a big slobbery boarhound with his chops slavery and foamy—ugh! I would as soon exchange caresses with an ancient lubra after she had lunched upon a raw 'possum. Reading the account of the half hour with Hagenbeck at the World's Fair, I envy the participant, barring the osculatory eccentricities. I can't stand kissing lions, tigers, and boarhounds. Whether the society adulator's inventive mind is responsible for the following bit of society slush, or whether it is a genuine exhu- mation of a dead and unlamented incident, I do not know nor care; but I think it holds its own for society slushiness. An in- teresting story of the Queen's retentive memory is told in a oharacter sketch of Lady Henry Somerset. In her early days Lady Henry was very punctilious about her rank. On one occasion she was taken at a child to see the Queen. Her Majesty called her "little Isabel," whereupon the offended little aristocrat, tossing her head, said with aggrieved emphasis to amused majesty, "Lady Isabel!" This only shows how very early in life that pert blue-blooded baby had learnt to be supercilious and caddish. The story goes on to say that "a dozen years passed, and the young girl, now a woman grown, was pre- sented at Court. As the débutante bent forward to kiss her hand, the Queen's marvellous memory asserted itself. The old scene flashed before her mind, and Her Majesty said, with a pleasant smite and an unmistakeable emphasis, "Lady Isabel!" Ghost of Clara Vere de Vere! how ponderously pathetic! And the great mind of Stead was roused to the effort of reproducing that historical flip-flop. There are evidently some precocious youths in South Australia. A lad in a country township recently wrote the following letter to a firm of printers:—"Sirs—What would you charge for printing a dozen of escort cards with the following:—'May I have the pleasure of escorting you home? If so, keep this card. If not, please return it.'" It is hardly necessary to say that the firm who received the enquiry did not think it neces- sary to send a quotation to the precocious Master for his proposed large order in the printing line. Orbilius says that he has a friend who is visiting the colony just now, and who is con- tinually worrying him with evolution theories applied to the South Australian. This friend has a fixed idea that the South Australian is a bloodthirsty animal, whose heredity if cor- rectly traced out would afford an explanation of his destructive faculties and gory desires. It was bad enough before the match between the Ports and the Norwoods; now the theorizing ia almost more than flesh can bear. With one accord, he asserts, the crowd "went for" that umpire. It was worse than use- less to protest that the general public are disgusted. "Why," he exclaims triumphantly, "haven't there been letters, in the Register all the week suggesting boundary umpires. They are not satisfied with half killing the poor central judge; they are clamouring for more victims; their fathers must," but here he is stopped—his audienoes disclaim anthropoid relatives. But the sugges- tion remains, are we growing like the wild Western American barracker, who asks at every row—"Is the umpire dead?" is it something in the blood that makes the Port barracker write? Bashed the umpire? Course we did; Ain't it human nature? When we're mad we don't care that For the Legislature. Two to ore, or five to four, All the odds were weakly; When our "stuff" is chucked away, Shall we take it meekly? Bashed the umpire? Course we did Did you think us crazy? Barracking to you must mean Something mighty hazy. There's the man that lost our game, Made us lose our money; And to let him off would be Very mush too funny. P'raps he couldn't see the play, Round the field careering. Anyhow we saw our cash Quickly disappearing. Bashed the umpire—blacked, his eyes? Course we did, no pity. He might need some small disguise Creeping through the city. Bashed the umpire? Serve him right. He's a pretty hero. What cared he our shillings were Something less than zero. Well, it's over. He's been bashed Anyhow, that's certain. Right or wrong, I'm done. So now Please ring down the curtain. 