THE SECRET. CHAPTER T.-(Continued.) \- She threw me these words carelessly, as though afraid to trust'herself to say 'more; and before I could reply -she was gone. -1 was scarcely, fàtucjps -enough to ' tbink that she -cared' for me more than for any stranger who might have . spent a couple of days^with -her plea- santly, yet Ï was sure she was both, sorry and Vexed at my "departure. She was so strange and sb uncon- ventional that I dared not judge her by the standards of ordinary society, and I felt convinced that there was something weighing on her mind that she would fain have told me, and yet could net bring herself to speak. I was sorry to leave her, too ; she seemed so much too good f qr her surroundings, like a diamond set in sham silver. And yet I reproached myself for my solicitude, for her fate and mine could never meet at the same angle. This visit was a little bit of romance in my life, a mystical touch to sweeten the ordinary realities of time passed in the dull routine of formal business. I was .not inclined to romance; my imagina- tion was comparatively dull-ledgers and accounts do not tend to simulate it-and the sensitiveness to impressions I now experienced was something new and" exciting. But it was only a mone .. tary phase ; nay holiday over, my people visited, Barravoe would disappear into the inmost recesses of memory, and I should find myself again in my office, ? the plain practical man of business, to ? whom stocks and shares were more living and important than, the brightest of eyes, er the sweetest of smiles from ' an impulsive, wayward girl. Thus re- flecting, I strode upstairs ; packed my 4 portmanteau with iron determination ; hunted up Biddy, telling her to carry it downstairs, and thrusting into her ' horny palm a recognition of her ser- vices, which by her repeated curtseys, and the broad grin on her face, I could see was far above either what she expected or deserved ; and finally joined Myles* who lounged smoking in the yard as usaul. "My daughter tells me you did not sleep well last night," he said, in- quisitively J " how was that ?* "I don't know," I answered, feeling that I was not telling the truth, and Myles with his sharpwitted cunning knew it. "You see, I ant not accus- tomed to much idleness; I suppose 1 need *ork to make me sleep." "No doubt," he said, looking al me with his keen grey eyes, I sup pose . you. are a very busy man al home*; a clever man too, and don't trust- your neighbors farther than yot yean see them. That's the way to gel on-that's -the way. Ve'm all tot fond of drifting «and letting thing slide, here in Ireland." ' . . "Honestly, I think you are. Bul .' now, Mr. Donovan, won't you rous« yourself, take up this legacy, and pul your place in a trifle better order, 01 let it, and hire a comfortable house ii . some - pleasant part of the country . You owe it to your daughter not ta bury her like this." ..." Kathleen is not" likely to stay her long, and I have no wish to change . thank' yon, Mr.. Barclay. You Saxon don't understand the love of home, .had rather l\ve herfe,than in the-flues -rjj[áacéin¿^^ * ? \- "."Wefl^'ï havernothing^more to say -except ^to:,,tiiank you for your hos . .pitality,- whlch^.I-^ahall .certainly no forget, and wish you* health am happiness. I promised Miss Donova to join her in the garden for an instant by that time the car will be here, an I need not; detain you any longer." I could not help feeling that m : farewell was cold and distant, and fancied Myles noticed the want c cordiality ; but the man seemed a .stolid, so determined to sacrifice hi ' daughter's prospects, and not to bette himself in any way, that my patienc fairly forsook me. Myles stood stil apparently absorbed in the conten plation of dyspeptic hen, who pecke hungrily about his feet, and X pursue my way to the garden. Ita desolate ness was unredeemed, to-day, by th bright sunshine which cheered it o the occasion of my last visit ; a dam mist bung about the air, and th flowers were battered and beaten t the earth by the storm. I slowly trc ~ the sodden paths, into which my fet sank with'a soft slushy sound at ever step ; before me the snails crawled i happy luxury over the damp grave and a new crop of weeds seemed t have taken fresh heart, and sprun . up during the nighty grateful for tl welcome- moisture. Kathleen wa ( nowhere visible, yet as I neared tl arbor, where a happy guess told n I should find her, she emerged froi the. greenery, and came towards rx with a smile. " It was good of you to come," sh said. "Of course; how could you thin I should go away without saying goo« byeV ; ' \- "Some people do not like a foran 'parting'.. *T . was not sure," she said i \- an undertone. .*' ,41 Kathleen, I wanted to thank ye for my happy time here." \-- ''Has it been happy?* she aske quickly; "then-then will you som times remember us, when you are fi away?' "Certainly I shall remember you." " And think that poor Kathleen w; grateful even though she didn't sho it?, even though she seemed to-" " To what? You always speak i riddles." Kathleen had sunk down into ti little half-rotten rustic seat; I stet looking at her, and leaning against tl sturdy twisted oak-stems that form« the entrance to the bower. u. Oh! " she said suddenly, " I wi it were all different. Why need y< go away ? I f shall never . see ye again, and I shall have to live on he just the same." It struck me %that the giri wi dumbly striving to repress some year ing for a fuller and a brighter life thi she enjoyed here ; and her regret , my departure was the natural e pression of a wish to go herself in they Y world beyond, where educatio work, and pleasure were to befoun " Your f ather is not so Boor now," . said, answering her according.to wh X believed to be the gist of her mea ing. **He can let you go to Dubl sometimes. You ought to have some friends of your own age and position." "Ob, no-no; that is not what I meant," she said, clasping her hands in a kind of despairing protest " I don't want comyany ; I can never be fit for it" "Excuse me, I think you can. I think' 'you would enjoy the society of 1 cultivated people. Living alone ina far-away place like this narrows the minds." " Yes," she said again, in a forlorn kind of way. " It is no use thinking about me; nothing can ever change my life." " Why not ? you are very young." An intense compassion filled my heart as I beheld ber thus, sitting in that damp desolate arbor, dressed in the common blue serge gown, already showing signs of shabbiness at the seams, and thought of her destiny, withering into old maidenhood in a succession of long dreary days passed with a drunken father among the ruins of her hopes and the ghosts of her fancy. The lot of a woman was hard certainly. If she had been a man, sturdy and well-grown as she was, she might have fought her way in the world as I have done, and been as successful. "Think of me sometimes," she said again, her blue eyes fixed on me with a kind ot patient sorrow; "think of me. It will help me when you are gone and I am more miserable than ever." "Kathleen !" I broke out, and what mad words and foolish protestations might have escaped me I know not : but at that instant loud cries of " Mr. Barclay, sir, your honor," reached om ears, and Biddy, breathless, red-faced, and running, announced the arrival oj the long-expected car. < "I shall not'eome with you. Good bye, Mi1. Barclay." ; - Kathleen, rung my hand nervously, though she preserved a strange com posure, and turning on her heel walked away in the apposite direction " Good-bye, Kathleen-God blesi you!" I called after her, but she nevei moved her head; I could not evei guess whether she beard me. A moment later T was driving ava; from Barravoe. The rusty gates one more .opened, this time for my exil and closed upon me with a dull satis fled clatter and malicious bang. I wa still John Barclay, young and s uccess ful, with the world before me, and ye that sad, spectral place, those drear grounds, that forlorn old man and hi daughter, had changed me in some ii comprehensible fashion, for as I drov away it seemed to me as though I ha« left a part of myself behind. 