r( : K — '.V .'-x - T ALiS'AHDSETQHESa througBOOL #1: By HENRY HERMAN, Airriion of "His Angel," "Eagle Joe," and Joist Author of "The Silver Kino," "Claudian, " &o.; , Chapter XIV. Abel's words had fallen upon poor Rlobaril's heart like a oold stone, and the load was crush ing. . That strangers should suspect him — he might have borne that. But that his own brother should think it possible that he had stained his bands in blood — the thought was too ghastly. He could not reason with himself why it should be so, and how it could be so. Ha only knew that lie 'was absolutely guiltless ; and yet men — ay, his own flesh, and blood — sus pected him. And all this in spite of the faot that ho had stood his trial before all men, that he bad challenged all oomers, and that lie had been deolared innocent. 'He stood there" by the bank of the stream, end had he not known that its 'waters were so shallow ns to barely cover the stony bottom, ho might have flung himself down thore and then. His faoewns burning in spite of the keen wind of the winter night, and iiis lips, were parched and fovorisb. He Htood thore, and could think of naught and say naught but: "What shall I do 1 For God's sake what shall I do — what shall I do?", Tho problem might have puzzled greater minds than Riolmrd Roxhead's. It was not the ques tion how to earn his living. He knew that he was streng'of wrist and skilled of hand and of eye, and that ha could earn his livelihood and that of his darling in many lands and in many ways. But the question- that' seared into his heart was what to do to effseo the stain upon liis good name; what to do to reburnish tho bright tablet ; what to do to' bo able to hold his head up among his fellow townsmen, and to look eaeh man in the faee and to say to him : " I am as good ns you." During all the galling days and the- weary nights when he waa in prison — during that Darning time when he sat in the prisoner's clock, the butt of all eyes— he had novor felt the load of gcousation which was made against liini as . lie did tbeii. He had felt Btrong in his innocence, and had felt assured that that jury would acknowledge him to be guiltless. But that was over. Tho jury bad given their verdict. His own brother deemed it possible that he had killed Geoffrey Layne. A little way down the stream on the othor side of it, outside the old wheel house, two of tlio grinders wero singing snatohos of songs. The melody tripped upon the ear, and roused Diok from his thoughts. These men were happy. : Thoy wero very poor, each earning probably not moretlmn 18s. a wook. But they had no load upon their minds, and they oonld sing to their heart's eontcnt. Ho became savage at that, and orossed the littlo stream by tho frail wooclen bridge, and walked away towards Raudmoor. He walked without thinking whero he was going or know ing whither he was proceeding, with his eyes to the ground and his hands behind his baok, over tho bills and then away along Darwin-lane, and by a cross path here and there, to Baok-lane, and then on again. Tho black night was no darker than the thoughts that chilled him and blinded him. J 'Kb on a oouple of miles like that,' until he found himself at the Rivelin at Rosooe-bridge. Ho looked about him for a moment, and orossed and went on again. A little way boyond, aoross Itoscoe Plantation, he could see the lights of Stannington Hall. . . He could not tell what attracted him, nor how ' about, but ho felt that his path lay In that dircotlon. There are momcntB when man nro aotuatod by impulses for whiob thoy cannot account, but against wliieh thoy cannot fight. Bo Diok felt himself irresistibly drawn towards the mansion vrhioh had oneo bcon Geoffrey Layno s, and then was inhabited by tho dead man s brother The great gold tipped bronze gate Btood wide open, and Richard looked in along the broad alloy of elms that led to the house. Tlio lighted windows on the first floor Btood out big golden squaros In the darkness boyond, and now and then Diok thought ho could sou figures flitting across thorn. He could not oxplain it to liim- ,50r wiS" he have been able to oxplain it vo otliors, why ho Btood there gazing at those hind them' 'lear''a hope wore bidden be- l whilo the lodge keopor, hoing attracted y tee faot that a man was standing at the open 5?11 'i0ame.out> reoognlsod Diok as having eallod on Mr. Edmund Lay no that day! and Mtedhtm what he wanted. ' „c if Potl>'iig," replied Riohard. "I thought i he stopped himself,' for lio would not \he. " At any rato," ho said, V. it is Boh too lato now," ana, shrugging his shoul- Lnl'.i i along tlio iron railings whloh ,'n the grounds. The lodge koopor looked i' Bvimblihg something about some men emg fools, and returned to his room. walkod along, tho iron fenoo until he u ®P,, a 8at that was placed against it. On 'et eklo thore was a dense plantation' of th!!3! leivel and holly, with hero and /ounB laroh between them. The houBO and Sn , twelve yards distant at that spot ? hia leg oh the seat,' looked Found hardly knowing whnt he was doing, dho winter night was bright, and the myriads of- stare dotted tlie heavens with points of gold. A flight of steps ran down from tho house into the grounds just opposite, and Diok eould see the door open, and a lady and gentleman etand- i1B inn ui Tho hall beyond waa dimly lighted, but lie could see that the gentle man was Captain Risehaugli. Tho lady, though her face was invisible, and stood simply blaok Against the lighted spaoc, was young and of graoeful figure, and Diok must needs gaze at them as if his soul were in his eyes. That man had sent him on the path which ho was follow ing Row. That man had oponod liiB eyos to tho ""'"o/y by which he was liommod in. Ho boro Captain Risohaugh no grudgo, nnd as ho re flected at that moment ho felt that the inan had only aotod as others in his place might have done. Captain Risehaugli and the lady who waa with him were engaged .in an earnest conversation, and, though their voioos were low, a whisper now and then roaohed Diok cars. -"I can't stand that nian," Diok heard the IT. "I shall pevcr be ablo to put up with him. Surely thore must be a way out of it without my becoming Ills wife." ' "My dear Esmeo, replied the Captain, there's no way out of it. Thore'e only ono safe way, and that's the ono I've indicated. You need not live with him for ever if you don't want to." The lady made a movement of impatience and desoended the stops, and the oaptain fol lowed her. . I tell you what, Len," the woman said, and Diok could hoar her voice distinctly and clearly in the siionoe of the night, "You oan do what yon like, but I won't marry him." Dick's blood ran oold. Where had lie beard that voice? Ho knew it. He remembered It. He had heard it somewhere under markod cir- eumBtanoes. Bat where? — where?— whore? "Don't be a yonng fool," Captain Risohaugh went on. You'll spoil tho whole thing now when it's all right I hate a sentimental woman, and surely we've been long enough together to have ouoh stupid notions knocked out of your head. Doh't make a fool of your self and of mo." " I don't care what I make of "you," tho lady retorted; " but I'm going to have my own way, and you know me well enough to he aware of the faot that I generally have my own way. When I say no I mean no." Dick started from his seat and stood for a moment as -if spellbouod.' That voice, that peculiar voice— a woman's and yet nearly like a man's. Where had he hoard it ? Where ? Just then Captain Risehaugli and tho lady followed the turniug of the path and dis appeared among tho shrubs and trees, towards the front of the house. Diok followed them with staring oyes. Thousands of voices had struok his ear at different times, but that one — that one woman's voioe 1 Ho triud to think and remembor. He knew it. And he knew with an assured certainty that he had heard it. But where ? — where ?— whero ? He beoame impatient with himself and jumped "P- I wonder what I shell be dreaming about next?" he said to himself. " Am I going orazy ? What is it?" So saying ho pulled himself together, and, heaving a great sigh, walked baok towards Shef field. Chapter XV. Diok went back to Roxhead's Wheel Farm that night, and slept in the little room upstairs, which had been his own when ho was still a boy. The many miles of tramping during tho day and dur ing the night had fatigued his weak frame, and he fell asleep battling with imaginary phantoms called up by his weird' thoughts). Tlio next morning's sun arose brightly, a great orb of fiery red gold spreading its radianco over the ailver shield of the winter heavens. On the ground tho hard snow glistened with millions upon millions of diamond points in the sunny sheon. Dick awoke, and looked out upon the winter land scape, upon the white Hallarashire hills that rose on the other side of the little river, and the bare, block branches of the trees that linod the' stream bank nearer liy. Yesterday morn's sun had dawned much more brightly for him, although tho morning had been misty and the atmosphere ehill. What was he to do? Ho had boon arguing with himsolf all through the night before lie fell asleep whether to go away, and to take Ills darling abroad with him, or to stay and faco it all out and live it down; He was not a vain yonng man by any means, but as he totted up the sooro of his usefulness in life he eould not help remembering that three lives saved were standing to his credit in the great ledger acoount, and it was pardonable in him to think that these might weigh in hie favor with those among whom he had to live. He rose and dressed himself and went down stairs. Amos was already seated at his simple breakfast of tea and dry toaBt. "Yo've slept here, lad, then," said the old man. " Ah'm glad o' it. It looks like hoam agen to have yo' hero." "Yes, dad," said Diok. "I wanted to bo bore early to ask your advice." "Ay, lad," the old man rejoined. "Ask, an' yo shall have it." "You know, dad," slid Diok, "what people are likely to think about mo. I've boen refusod employment, and Mr. Granville Batley, who is a good man, and wishes me well, I'm sure, ad vised me to go abroad and seek my fortune olse- where. Do you think that I ought to stay in Sheffield, or ought I to go away.!' The old man Bat silently, thinking, and Diok disturbed him not for a while. "Well?" the young man asked at last. " What do you think, dad ?" " It's diffioult," answered the old man; "it's verra diffioult — verrn difficult. Ah doan't knoa what to say. Ah doan't knoa that ah ought to adviso yo' to leave yo'r hoam, an' ah doan't knoa if it wouldna he better if yo' did go." At that momont the old man's glance fell upon tho sheet iron door of tho recess in which he hopt hia oabinct of coins. The door was slightly ajar, and Amoa notloiug it, and rising in a fright, walked across to it and opened it His plnnco had baroly fallen upon the insido, when ho gavo an unearthly scream, and tottered back, gasping and panting, and sank into his arm oliair. Dick roso in amazement, and rushed to the re- eess. The cabinet In whloh Amos kept his coins was gone. " They've robbod me ! They've robbed mo 1 Somebody's robbed me 1" the old man whined. "Mali coins, mah oo'ns. All mah coins, all gone! Someone has robbed me! Oh, t' filthy robbers ; what shall ah do ? What shall ah do?" " ' Diok looked about him in distress. He knew the old man's hobby. He know that the old man would rather liaye lost all lie possessed than a single one of the plancbets of gold and silver whloh he had gathered together with so muoh trouble, and whloh ho had; kopt with so much oaro. ' , ' „ VI can't understand this! dad;" he said,- "You must have taken the things somewhere elso-r surely you! must.' You always lock' the cupboard door, don't you ?" ; " Ah ' did," whined the old;, man- "Ah did loei it!:.! Ah looked ! it lost n'eet,'. an' they wore all raet'wHen ah lookod'em' in. An' now thoy 're allgohel" Dick wcnt.'to the' door and called . iii.tho .old serving wonian, " " — " ' , "Martha," he said ; " has thore been aiiybodv since my father went to bed last night?" AherblHly' ' aa'd th# womal1' "except you and horoi'1!" <1"88tloned Diok' "whan Abel "Abel came in," the woman replied, "after nHX 7?1 t away, and was hero for an hour or so, and I had work to do in tho kitchen. Then your father went to bed and left Abel hers, and when I oame in again your brother was gono " The old man gripped the sparse looks of hia white hair, and toro at them, "Mah son," lieoriod, "has robbed mo— mah son, mah son ! Mah Abol 1 Mah ourses on him. May he die! May ho rot! Mey thoy lay on him an, crush him. May everyone o"em stick in his throat an' choke him, t' robber, t' villain t godless, heartless villain 1" 1 "Don't speak like that dad," said Diok, hoarsely. " It may. not ' bo Abel aftor all. Somobody may havo sneakod into tlio place and taken the things." . ,Na; _ noa 1" iicroamcd tho old man! "it's Abol. Ah knoa its Abol. An' now ah think o' it, all noticed him yesterday an' t' day afore. When ah ooom in yesterday ah thought he was etandm' agenst the recess, an' he was fumblin' agonst it wi' summst. Ah knoa what it is. He's had a key mado, an' he's openod it wi' a false key. ' Diok knew not what to say nor what to do under the distressing circumstances. That his brother, the lad whom lie had thought so straightforward and so honest, and with whom ho would have gladly shared his last crust, should havo so far forgotten . himself as to rob his old fathor of that which he prizod most was beyond his understanding. Amos was looking round the room with a haggard glanoe, as if searohing for something or somebody. He peered into this corner and into that, and slowly atroked hie oheeks and pulled hie hair, and then .stroked his cheeks again, staring oixt in front of him with bursting oyes. " Ah can't sea em," he said with heart broken sobs ; "ah can't— not one o'em. They're all gone 1" , His whimpering voice seemed to ho choked by his emotion. . " Mah dariings 1 Mah beauties 1 Ah tell yo, Diok, there was a groat o' Edward V.— a beauty. It might ha' ooom from t' mint yesterday. An' people used to say that that poor king what reigued only a fow months never struck any coins. True, he didna, but his uncle Riohard did for him, an' ah'd one — a lovely one, an ah' got it for next to no'thin'. An' then ah'd a half groat o' Mary. Oh ! it breaks mah heart. An' two farthin's o' Anne, one wi' Augusta an' one wi Regina. An' a sixpence o' Cromwoll, as good as new, an' an Oxford Bilvor pound-piece o' Charles. Oh ! mah lovely ooina— all mah lovely coins— all mah gold and silver coins— all gone, all gono 1 An' ah've been years in gettin' cm- years, Diok, many years. Afore yo' were born ah started, an' ah kept on bit by bit, till ah got Bioh a lot— sioh a beautiful lot. An' now they're gone ! gone !" "Don't take it to heart so much, dad," said Diok. V I'll try aud find out. what.has beoomo of them. If Abel has got them you may get them baok again. I'll try hard." "Ah knoa bettor," cried Amos. "Ah knoa they're gone. They'll never come back. Ah'll never see 'em any more. T' robber, t' thief, t' godless, bowclless robber 1" "Compose yourself, fathor," said Diok, "Lot me try and find out all about this, I'll run into town and go to Abel's lodgings. I can't help thinking that we may save your treasures yet. At aey rate, dad, I'll try." Tho old man looked up as if not understanding what his son meant. He noddod his hoad muoh as a porcelain mnndarin might whon it is pushed against, but spoke not a word. Diok approached him, and laid his band on his father's shoulder. " Try not to think of it, father" ho said ; "at any rate, until I oome back. "I'll run- into Sheffield, and coma baok as quiokly as I can, and I do hope to be able to bring you good nows." Amos nodded his head as he bad done before. His face was as grey and oold ns granite— the cyoB staring, tho lips babbling incoherent sounds. . . - "Good- by, father," said Dick, holding out his hand. But the old man made no motion but the nodding of tho hoad, which went on as before. "Good-bye, 'dad," repeatod Diok, but obtained no reply. The loss hau so chilled the old man's heart that lie eould no longer express his feel ings. The. grief was. buried so deep that he could no longer give it expression. The light seemed to be dashed out of his eyes, tho human expression crushed out of his faoe. Diok stood there for a few seconds' spsee, and then, with a groan, tore himself away, and went out. Abel lived in one of the little atreots near the Wicker. He had chosen hie lodgings so as to be close to tho plsoe whero he was employed. Diok had been thore often, and went straight to it now. . 1 : "Your brother has gone to London," said the women with whom Abel lodged, the moment ehe set oyes on. Richard. "Ho wont away very hurriedly last night, by the night mail. He told me to tell you, if you called, that he would write to you." " Did he say what he was going to London for ?" asked Diok. "No," roplied the woman. "It was bo very late, and I wouldn't liave known anything about it if it hadn't; been that my good man had been at , Leeds, and I was sitting up for him to come home. He only said a word or two, and wont away." "Did lie take anything with him?" asked Diok. "Yes. He took bis portmanteau and a box." " Did he not say when ho was coming back ?' questioned Diok. "No. He said lie would write to you, That's all I know." Thenoe Diok wont to tho foundry whore his brother .was employed, and asked thegatokecpor if he had soon Abol. " No,!.' . replied the man. " Your brothor hasn't been hero. to- day, and Mr. Ferguson has been sending round to know if he has come "He hadn't leave to stay away, then?" asked Diok. "No! I sbohld soy not," replied tlio man, " because if ho had had leave, Mr. Ferguson wouldn't have sent round about him." , Thank you, " said Diok, and walkod away. It was true, tlion, Abol was tho thief. Abel had robbed his 'own father." But why ? For heaven's sake, why ? What eould induce the young man to commit suoh an act ? Diok ran- soaked his brain, but nothing suggested itself to. him to clear up the mystery. _ . Riohard very seldom went anywhere in or about Sheffield without going on foot He was a rapid walker, and enjoyed tho invigorating movement, but ho folt that tlmo would hang heavily on tho old man's mind, and lie jumped into an omnibus wliloh would take him as far as En'doliff e Woods. How slowly that omni bus seemed to ga Diok yowod that ho eould havo walked much faster. As a matter of fact ho-' nearly raoed along when ho was ..on, the ground again, pushing tlirongh.peoplo.and brush- 'tog .against pas'aongors' with a briskness which, was hot at all habitual to him. There might bo news at tho old Wheel Farm, and hia heart was heavy with sympathy for bis poor old father. i , ? he was walking along the littlo path whloh led to the old grinding wheel, he mot the dis- fcriot postman. The man's rounds wero long, and Roxhead's Wheel was at tho end of his morning's journey. _ " Good morning, Mr. Riohard," he said, see ing that the young man was going in tho direc tion of hia father's house. " Hore's a letter for your father. You might save mo tho trouble of taking it if you're going that way." Diok took the letter, and his heart seemed to stop beating. It wns from Abol. " A." r'flbt," ho gasped. " You can go baok. 1 11 deliver the letter." Ho glanced at tho envelops. It waB a hasty sorawl in penoil, Abel's usual writing was roguiar and firm, with the neatness of a prac tised olerk. Hero ovory stroko seemed to be at vrrianco with tho noxfc Tho hand had been trembling. Ono might have taken tho writing to be a sohoolboy's, had not its main character istics remained tho Bame. " There's news, at any rate," said Diok to himsolf, with a big sigh. "May God give that it be good news." .Amos wiib still sitting at the table when Riolmrd entered. He had a number of half- pennies and pennies and ordinary sixpences and shillings spread out beforo him, and was arrang ing them in rows When Diok entered ho looked up with a quiot smile. "Good morning, Dick," he said. "You've come baok." " Yes, father," answered Dick. "I've oomo baolr, and I met tho postman on the road, and here's a lotter from Abel." . He held out the missive, but tho old man looked at him not, but pushed the little coins one way and the othor with the tip of his finger, carefully and neatly. Then he looked at Dick, andsaid : ." That was. a groat yesterday, a groat o" Richard t' third, an' that was one o' Edward t' Fifth, that ono ; an' that— yo' see that littlo round thing there— that waa worth throo pahnd. That was a verra rare farthin' o' Queen Anne- one o' t' rarest o' all o' 'em. An' that ono here, you see, was a penny o' - Henry t' First. An' that ono here, yo' soe this, that was -a penny o' Stephen an' Matilda. Ay 1 they wero all beauti ful—one moro beautiful than t othor. An' this one here, you eoe, that was a penny o' Harold, that died at Hastings. Sir Henry Noale had offered me four pahnd for this one, an' ah'd re fused it. An' this big one here, yo' seo " — ho pointed to an ordinary penny— "that was a pattern crown o' William t Fourth. It waB never issued as a crown, an' there's only verra fow In oxistenoo in this world. An' now "—he checked himself on a sudden, and looked up, whilo a plaintive, tearful oxpreBsion stole over liis faoe — "An' now, yo' soe, they're all gone. Thoy're only pennies, an' ha'penoe, an' sixpences, an' shillin's, an' yesterday they wero lovely, valu able coins — every ono o' 'em a valuable coin." Diok had to repress a gasp. He had nover seen his father like that. Tho stout haartod, sturdy, old Yorkshire yeoman waa broken by tho grief of his loss. It hail been his hobby, the pastime of his old ago. He had grown into it and into liis coins, and they woro part and partiole of his daily joy — of his daily life. He was dazed by tho blow, and Diok stood by liis side in speechless anguish. " There's a letter from Abel, fathor," he Bald, at last, holding It out. " Don't you think you'd bottar open it, and see what it eaya ?" " A letter from Abel?" the old man repeated, vaoantly. " A lettor from Abel ?" " Had I better open it for you ?" asked Diok. "May I open it?" ' " Oh, yes, open it," said the old man, totally unconcernodly, if yo' like.. There's noa harm. Abel may have written. Why ehouldna he write? He ought to write." . .. Diok stopped aside to the window, and tore open tho envelope. The writing within was as hurried and as agitated as that on tho outside. " My dear .father," it said, - "I have done a wioked thing,' and' I- do hoartily beg your par don. But- 1 nm half orazy. My- little wife is lying crippled.Jn. London, and, .father, I can't give her up. I lovo her more than over now that she is to trouble. I can't bring her to Sheffield, and T dare not leave lior alone in London, oxposed' to tlio most horrible tempta tions. So I am going to take her away to the New World, and as I can't tako her away withont money I have been tempted to lot you help me. You are rich, father. You oan buy other ooins, aud I will Blavo day and night until I have repaid you. By tho timo this reaohes you I shall be away. Don't havo mo followed. If I am to bo brought baok I shall only bo brought baok a corpse. — Your oorely tried son, Abel. . That wretohed woman was the oauseof this second misery— the evil genius of the Roxhead family. Ohafter XVI. Poor Diok found himself face to faoe with a new trouble. That his father had lost liis trea sured . colleotion, and that his brother had branded' himself as the thief was terrible enough, but the greateit anguish oamo when Diok had to stand by and see his father so broken by the grief over. -his. loss that his wits soemcd to lie daelied Jrom liim,'"- .The old man sat with grey, Btolid" face, and a pitiful, tearful expression upon it,iwhiolf went to poor Riolmrd's heart, and made him feel hlpjcss. Wlmt could be do to bring baok vthe eliQrgies wliieh seemod to havo flown ? Wliatnoutd-Iio'ilo to rou'sp\tho mind to its former vigor? Tlie .effl, mnh satj at his tablo arranging and' ponnttog '.imaginary ooins, and desoribing ordinary oveiyday half pennies as if they woro 'rarities.;, and-after a while, when, now and then, it sirfict jliim/toat lis had lost what he prized so highly, Ire burst into a nearly sobbing oxpressiou of grief, varied by a blank stoniness. Noon came, and Martha put tho usual mid day meal of roast moat and vegetables, bread,' oheese and ale upon the table. It had boon the old man's habit for years past— at least, as far back as Diok could romembor— to oarvo the joint, whatever it was. On that morning Amos sat by his board and moved not. Diok watched for a while, then said : " Will you oarvo, dad, or shall I?" The oid man simply looked at his son, shrugged his shoulders and shook his head. Dick took the joint to where he sat, and, out- tlng off a tender portion, placed it before his father. But the lattor made no movement to touch it. His appetite usually had been of the most robust, nud tho midday meal to the Rox head family bad always bsen the meal of the day Diok sat facing his father Bilently for a short space. Then ho asked, " Woir't you eat a bit, dad ?" and tho same heart . broken nodding was his reply. The poor young fellow thought lie could not leave his father in thiestato without asking advloe about his oondition, and, leaving his food where it stood, lie took up his hat and walked across tho hills to the physiolan who had attended Amos for 20 years past. The physician oame, and, having had the cause of this meutal disturbance explained to him, said : " You oan do nothing, Riohard. You must leave him as be is. Give striot orders that he is not to bo contradicted. Whatever be wishes, if it is possible to accomplish it, must bo done for him, and, above all, there must bo no excitement. Let him have what food he asks for, and what drink he asks for, but don't pretB cither upou him. If his mind remains in perfect quiet for a few days all may be well agaio, but there must bo no dlsturbanoo, there must bo no shook; Toko oaro of this above all." During the two days whioh followed Dick re mained at Wheel Farm. Esther came to him and brightoned his hours.- The old man walked about tho house liko a ghost of his former Bolf, asking for, nothing, . seeking nothing — airaply counting and arranging imaginary coins. Diok had savod something liko £50, and he felt this was a small sum to aaorifioe if liis father's mind was to be brought baok. Tho idea struok him that he might spend that monoy M f?'"8 al1 tho old coil>» ho oould find in Sheffield, and, if neoeBsary, at Nottingham, at . Leeds ana at Bradford. Ho went to a pawn- broker in High-street— a man whom he knew to be honest and kindly hoartcd enough to help liimm his griof, and he commissioned him to gather up all the coins ho oould find in tlio Bpaco of the next two or threo days. The tradesman did hia host. He knew tho different varieties of coins whioh Amos bad oolleeted. Of course, to obtain the rarest was out of the quoatlon, but in less than throo days there arrived at Wheel Farm a littlo oabinet containing as many ooins as Diok's £50' oould buy. . Tho pawnbroker had aotod honestly, and with judgmont and taot, and to the purchase were included ono or two specimens at least whioh Amos prized highly. The following morning, when Amos oamo downstairs to havo his breakfast, he found a little mahogany oabinet upon tho table. Not as largo nor as well filled aa his own had been, but still containing a fow rarities. He gazed long and inquiringly at the cabinet, and approaohed it as if no wero afraid of open ing it. Then, with nervous fingers,- ho pulled out the first tray, and this tray happened to be filled with sorao of tho fineat specimens Diok's purchase contained. The old man gave a shout of glad surprise— a Bcream nearly— and he looked at Dick with a searching amazement, as if he couldn't at all comprehend what he saw. Then he looked at the tray again, and again at Diok, and he touohed two or three of the ooins, and held them up between his forefinger and thumb to assure himself that thoy wero really thore. And he felt them, and tnrned them round, as if he could not believe that he was not dreaming. And then, having satisfied himself that they were really old ooina, and examined their mint marks, and dates ofeoin- ' age, he heaved a great sigh and burst into tears. That warm flood loosened tho well spring of the man's grief, and allowed it to Sow until his nature was warmed out of its stoniness, and his mind was balmcd into a smoothor movement. " Ah doan't knoa what it is, Dick," he said, "but them's not mahooins. Thoy'ro nice coins, verra nice coins, an' bore— that pattom groat o' - Elizabeth ah've been wanting to get these yoars past. Ah didna have one. An' this penny hero— that's ono o' William Rufus. They're verra rare, an' ah didna have one o' 'em, either. How did they oomo hero?" "Don't ask, dad," replied Diok. "Take them as an instalment. One of these days your ooina may aome baok again. The old man looked at his son as if ho did not understand bis apeeoh, and, shaking his bead, wont on examining tray after tray, with move ments of glad surprise, and littlo peals of sup pressed laughter. " That's a lovely Oxford half-crown," ho said. "A beauty; an' this William t' Third half- '. crown is t' ono wi' plumes. Verra rare, they aro. An' that's a nloe Rosa American penny. Ah'm so' pleased. Ah'm so happy. Ah shall have a lot more soon, wain't all ? Diok looked on silent anil happy. Had be possessed more money he would gladly havegiven a second commission to the pawnbroker. For the first time since the day when ho recovered his consciousness in the Huntingdon Hospital he folt comparatively happy. Esther catna and shared his joy with him. She brought him a newspaper, whioh contained an advertisement for a foreman engineer hy a great firm at New castle. Ono of England's mightiest establish ments was to want of a man to tako an impor tant share in tho work of their patent depart ment, and offered liberal terms to a competent man. Testimonials and applications were to be Bent to in the course of a few days. Diok did not like to leave his father, but Nowoastle was not far away after all, and he could often come to seo him. Therefore, weigh ing all the pros and cons, he deoided to send in his application. Tho first step was to get a testimonial from tho Star Foundry. Dick walked into Sheffield and called on Mr. Walter Harrison, and ex plained to him what ho required. "I should do it in a minute," said Mr. Harri son, "and gladly to, '. because, if anybody deserves a good tostimonial from us it's you, . Roxhead. But I've Btriet orders from Captain Risohaugh that any application of any kind, or any oomronnioation from you, must be sub mitted to him first of all. I can't go against those instructions — they're peremptory. But why they should be so lioaven oniy knows. You'd bettor go and seo Oaptain Risehaugb, Roxhead, and I've no doubt that he'll give yon what yon want, or let me give it you." After a delay of noarly half an hour Riohard was allowed to see the great man. A lady was with the captain when lie ontcred— Miss Rise haugli, to faot. When Diok looked at the oaptain's oast iron face nnd knitted brows and the pressed lips, he know that his task was a difficult one, and that his demand was likoly to be refused. Nevertheless he stated the purport of his visit plainly. When Riohard had finished the captain sat ' for a fuw.momentB, ss if wrapped in thought ".You oan iiave your testimonial, Roxhead," he said. "It is your right But, as a matter of course, I shell have to state in it why I was unablo to aontinus to employ you." Diok looked at Oaptain Risehaugb with burn-. . ing eyos.. Thore was something in the captain's faoo wliieh seemed to strike him as familiar, . and the more he looked tho more the rosom- blanee to somebody lie had seen fascinated him, and lie could barely retain his composure to ; ' ask, "And whj', sir, was I not allowed' to remain in your employ mont?" Oaptain Risohaugh looked Riohard straight in tho faoe. "I thought you knew that, and would spare mo the pain of explanation." '' Miss Risohaugh, who- had been standing by the captain's side, leaning with one hand upon the arm of ills oliair, turned to her supposed brother and asked : ' r "Is It really -necessary, Captain Riaebangh, that you Bhouid state this reason in writ ing?" : The voice was slow nnd deliberate, and the iady was evidently trying to use her mellowest tones. Rut the sound, grippod Diok's ear, and ! clung to it It was the voice he had heard a few nights before. It was the voioe that lie felt sure, then, of haying heard before. Ho looked-'' from the captain to Miss Risehaugb, and from - Miss Risehaugb to the oaptain, when a ghastly thought sprang into l)is. mind. He thought ho remembered tho voioe. It . sounded- liko the; voioe of the- woman who had - prevented him from going, to Geoffrey 'Layno'o aid, and who had flung him out of the railway „ carriage I Hia face turned whlto. witli lhe ohilL of the Imagined discovery. But this lasted only a 1 momont. Then - lie regained his self possession. Cool collection took the place of surprise. Ho stepped back and crossed his W"I don't think, Captain Risehaugh, I shall trouble you for that testimonial." , It was the captain's turn to rise m his chair. Ho bit his lip, and his hand wandered nervously over the pile of papers in front of him. «... 41 As you wish, Roxbc&d;, he said, in a quiet voice, which inefficiently disguised the emotion which eoethed within him. "You can have your testimonial in the form I can give it you, but now you nay you don't require it. "Why ?" "I shall not want a testimonial, replied Dick sternly, " bccnuso I have made up my mind to Btny in Sheffield for the purpose of proving to tho world that whioh you seem to deny, namely, that tho jury was right, and that I "—he looked straight at the blanching face in front of him— "that I am not the man who murdored Mr. Geoffrey Layne," Risoliaiigh's face bad turned a ghastly greenish grey, and he sat back in bis chair glaring at Diok with the eyes of a baffled fiond. Dir. Walter Harrison, who bad entered tho office at that moment, looked at bis employer's representative in a frozen amazement. Never before had he seen such abjeot fright depioted on a man's features. (to be continced.) 