A MYSTERY SOLVED. v — - — ] DETECTIVE STORY. By SPEOTSTJM CHAPTER I. * Great heavens, boys ! I jusc saw a dead mngel.1' 'A what?' camo tho enquiry, in a chorus, from a dozen bronze-faced and muscular young gentlemen, as they crowdod round tho first , ipeakor. *? A doad angol !' 41 Where and when ?' 'Right there, floating past on tho tide;' 'And tho hand.souio youth pointed over tho quarter-rail of tlio yacht into tho water. 'A beautiful girl, ch? Why how could you toll „M wlutfclim* wr.o ihn linrlv «f * l-eautiful girl or of bowio ono ot umturcr years, who nuvy havo tumbled over from somo one of tlio piers ?' Da.-iU Kingston's face was as palo as that of » corpse, as he replied, iu an earnest and aolomn manner — vory uncharacteristic of his usual hilarious carelessness— u I saw tho face distinctly, and, tho fact is, I was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bowildurment, I made no effort to rescue the lovely corpso from the water.' 'Well, see here,' exclaimed ono of the party, named' Horoway, 14 Lot'a lower 'the boat aud capture that dead beauty. AVo lads, who l-rido ourselves on our devotion to living beauties, should not allow a lovely corpso to float awav on tho swelling tide, a dainty meal for tho 'ponderous maws of eoino voracious ebark.' 'No, no 1 let it float away to sea,' said Dash Kingston, as ho drow hw shapely hand across his face. 'Let it float away to sea; \t ia enough to be haunted by its memory, without gazing ou tho cold, beautiful thing again,' he added; The place where the conversation above re corded occurred was on tho deck of a trim ? littlo yacht, Which rode at anchor off Rush Bay, Sydney Harbour ; and tho speakers wor» members of its amateur crew, who had just brought their craft to anchor after a week's cruiso up the coast. It was a lovely evenmrr, about an hour be fore sunset, when Dash Kingston, ono ol tho party, was leaning over the quarter-rail, and was dreamily looking down into tho deep bluo water* 'car whieh Hashed a fiery glim mer of gold iroin the departing rays of the . sun', when suddenly ho was startled by seeing an object Moating along towards him on tho ebbtidiv . One moment lator, and it was gliding directly beneath his gaze, whon a strange, ?sharp pain pierced his heart, as ho recognised that the corpse was that of a beautiful young girl. So bewildered was lie, that he atood like one transfixed, while tho startling vision drifted by und disappeared, from sight. It w;ts then tliat, suddenly recalled to him self, ho uttored the exclamation with which we open our narrative. Dash Kingston was a well-inado, handsome youth of twenty-two. His father had been one of tho wealthiest merchants in tho city, nnd the only son of the millionaire had been educated to expect ono of tho largest fortunes ovor bequeathed to an Australian.. He graduated at a foreign school, and then ?spent two years in travel, and returned home at tho age of twenty-four, to find himself an orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at hia death he left -liis son a number of com paratively worthless scrip and his blessing on&h; , however, was not ono to murmur and I complain. Ho had his health, a good education, and s . the heritage of an unstained name, and ho * fc't capable of fighting tho battle of lifo sue-' c&isfully.; \ - \ Although comparatively poor, he was none the less popular with his former companions, and tho numbers of invitations to yachting ox * enrsiohs aiUl other sporting amusements that he received really seriously interfered with his (uudablo desire to establish himself iu his eho sen profession. . ? * There were fow men like Dash Kingston, however. . IIo was a . natural-born hero. ? Handsome in person, generous and bravo, And an adept at all manly cxercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer arid wrestler, a dead shot with either pistol or rifle, and with all, a wholo sonled, manly, dare-dovil youth— a good friend, and a brave and magnanimous enemy. When Hemway, one of his companions, first suggested the recovery of tho body, Dash ob jected, as related, but after a inomont's thought he exclaimed : 44 What a coward I havo suddenly become— afraid of a dead girl ! No, no— never ! Lower away tho boat thero, boys; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with tho tide somo day.' 'A word of command from Dash Kingston was sufficient, and a fow minutes later a boat was lowered, and Dash and two of his young friends leaped into it and pulled away with tlie tide to seek for tho beautiful corpse. Probably half an hour had passed since the first discovory of the floating body, until tho -threo yoiing men wero in the bt-at and pulled ' *way in search of it. 41 It is achanco if we find it, 'said Hcqiway, A'ho was sitting in the prow on tho outlook. 44 Well, go easy now; shy her a little to the left ; I seo something ahead.' Dash, who was at tho oars, did as directed,® whilo Hemway leaned forward aud strained hi eyes in the thickening shadows of twilight upon tho object that had attracted his atten tion. 41 By Jove, boys, it is a body ; but I'll bo * hanged if I don't bolievo that it is tho body of a man. Tho river must bo strewed with dead people. Steady, now, Bteady ; a littlo more to tho left,' continued Hemway, and lie leaned forward to seo tlio object, which had disap p oared for a moment in the hollow between tho waves. Skilfully Daali* guided tho boat as he was directed. ? A moment they woro lifted .upon tho crest of a swell, then swiftly they shot down, and tho boat thumped heavily against ly floating ob ' jocfc* . ''By thunder 1' oxclaimod Hemway, m a husky voice, ' hero it is ; it is a woman's, aftor^ Dash drew in his oars, and his friond guided^ the floating body beside tho boat. 1 It was nqt quite dark yot, and leaning over, he glanced at tho dark object, wlien ho ox claimod: ? . 41 It is a female, certain, but it has a black dross on ; tho blue-eyed corpso was clothed in whito.' . * 44 Then this is not the body you saw ? 'No.' 'This is a go, boys,' reinarked Tom Hardy, tho third youth in the boat. 44 What are wo going to do about it ?' asked tfho practical Hemway; 'wo cannot cast it i adrift,' ' I'll be shot if wo can tako it into the boat, ytiia Tom Hardy. v 'Wo must find tho other one,' Baid Dash Kingston. 44 Perhaps the two women were in tho boat together, and wero upset somowhero. up tho river.' 'Goodness, seo that 1' suddenly exclaimed i j . Tom Hatrly, as ho leaned forward and took a sloser survey of tho black-robed corpso, add ^'This has been a murder 1' and .ho pointed ^ Soward the doad woman's tomple, where a gap ing wound was visible, tho whplo sido of tho forehead boing shattered as though by a blow ? - from a bludgeon. . threo young mon looked aghast at the sight in silence for a moment, when ^ iLVjinway said : ? , . , 41 My opinion is that we had bettor cast t.iu object adrift, and pull back to the yacht.' ' We can tow it ashore and fasten it to one of the- piles, whero it w4Ul bo found in the morning ; we can do no more/' said Uasa Kingston, Twilight had dozened into night, but tho. red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shono o'er the city beyond like a . great ball of silver, and floshod a silvor sheen over the dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did the face of tho dead woman appear under tho shadowy gleam of tho moonlight ; and, as tho threo young men looked upon tho whito but bloatod foa turns, each folt a cold chill curdling around his heart. 'Fasten tho ropo around your prizo,' said Hardy, 'and wo'U get through with tlio first ghastly job.' Hemway did aa directed, and tho black robed figuro was towed round to tho storn of the boat. Tlio bout was now headod toward Wooloo 'mooloo Bay, and Dash Kingston rowed with a solomn regularity, as though at a floating funeral. In an hour thoy arrived at tho wharf, whon Dash said, in a husky wliisper : 'Fatten it to ono of tho piles ; quick, Horn way, we are liable to bo discovered at any mo ment.' Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon succeeded in fastening tho body, attached by tho ropo, to ono of tho piles, whon ho said : 14 Now, thon, Dash, pull out easily ; all is right.' Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pulling out from undor tho pior, when sud denly, from the dock over their heads, camo the inquiry, in a grulT voico : ' Hold { who goos there V* 44 It's a 4 cop,' Dash,' said Hemway ' Pull for vour life, now, Bub.' CHAPTER II. The three young mon in tho boat cared loss I for actual adventure than tfcuy did for the I ghastly work in whieh thny had l-con engaged, aud when Hemway exclaimed, 41 Let her go it's a 4 cop,'' Daih laid to on his oars, and tho boat shot c.ut from under tho pior like a race boat. 44 Lay to!' said the name grufT voico from tho dock. 44 Go hang yourself)' called back Tom Hardy, who was a reckloss, dare-dovil sort of a chap. The answer to this polite invitation was a pistol-shot. 44 By thunder ! tho wretch take us for river thieves,' exclaimed Hemway, as ho dodged a ball that whizzed over his head. Bang ! bang ! camo soveral other shots in quick succession, but Dash Kingston's strong rowing had carried them beyond pistol-shot range. 41 Am I heading for tho yacht, boys ?' asked Dash. 44 Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward the river as though it would bury itself in a iuist of silvor spray ?' said Hem way. 44 Aro you going to give up your search for tho blno-i yod dead angel ?' asked Tom. 44 1 shall not continue my search jnst at pre sent.' And Without another word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward tho yacht Susie. Onco alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while ho remained in the boat. 44 Aro you not coming aboard, Dash ?' asked Hemway. 44 Not at present. Send Ynnko to me.' 44 All right,' was tho answer, and in a few moments a blade face protruded over tlie sido of the yacht, and its coloured owner asked : 44 You want me, Missa Kingston ?' 'Yea, Yankoj.I am going ashore, and I want you to come along with me to bring the boat back.' 44 All right, Bah,' replied the black, and he leaped over tlio quarter-rail of the yacht into the boat. . At this moment Tom Hardy camo to tho rail and called out : ''Where are you off to, Dash ?' 44 Ashore,' was tho reply, and tho boat glided away from tho side of tho yacht. 44 I'll be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston has. lost his sensej; ho- is going off on a night excursion all alone. to fish for that blue eyed beauty that he imagines ho saw floating by here a spell ago,' muttered Tom, as he turned away and joined one or two of the crow seated by the cabin door. Iu tho meantime Dash Kingston had rowed , silently towards the Manly shore, and running up undor one of the piers, ho said to tho black. Yanko : . 44 1 am going to get out here, and you can take tho boat back.' 44 When me pull away take you back, Missa Kingston ?' ' You need not come at all ; go ahead now ; l am all right,' aniwered Dash, as he jumped up upon tho wharf. Twenty minutes from the departure of the boat, Dash Kingston glided out into tho stream in a cat-rigged sailing-boat, anddrifted away with tho tide. There .was a stiff breeze blowing directly ?towards the other shore, nnd Dash, thinking tho object of which he was in search had drifted thero, headed his boat in that dire tion. All tho way across the harbour he kept his eyes constantly on tho alert, scanning every floating object that ho passed with the closest scrutiny, but no sign of the White-robed figure rewarded him. Just outsido the shore-swell ho stoered his boat so as to sail as near the beach as possible, and so commenced to make a complete circuit of the shoro. He had not proceeded vory far ere ho be held a dark object moving slowly along the beach. Wondering what tho man ho had seen was up to, Dash turned his boat out from the shore, so as not to attract the attentiou of tho wan derer on the beach, while he himself could see the man's movomentd. Presently Dash saw the man on tho beach I como to a halt, and strain his eyes out upou ; tho water. | Dash had brought his boat to, and was lean j'ing ovor tho gunwale, when he saw. the strangely-acting man wade into the water, ana tho next momcut seize an object floating on tlie crost of a wave. Rising to his feet suddenly, Dash leaned forward, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim : 44 By Jove, ho has found it?' and he imme diately headed toward the promontory jutting out from tho shoro. CHAPTER III. The youtft felt greatly excited. His eye# beamed with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his handsomo features as he ran for the 'shore. 'That fellow is a bird of prey,' muicered Dash, as ho.movod stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. By the timo tho youth arrivod in sight ol tho man and his proy tho latter had succeeded i iu hauling tho body ashore, and his movomeuts ! at once betrayed that 'Kingston'* suspicious wero correct, as tho latter was able to seo, by the aid of tho moonlight, that at that vory moment tho fellow was trying to pull a ring from the finger of the corp.se. Keeping out of viow, ho obsorved the man's movements for a moment, while making up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clcar night; tho light of tho moon made objects almost as plainly visiblo as at noonday. Kingston was still undecided as to what ex cuse he should offer for disturbing tho man, when he saw the latter draw a clasp-knife from his pocket and make a movement ,as though about to sever ono of tho dead girl's fingors. The youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, ho shouted : 44 Hold on, you wretch ; what are you doing thero?' . . 11 And who may you bo ?' asked the man, in a gruff voice, 'turning round and standing revealod in the moonlight, with the dead girl's hand clasped in ono hand and tho glittering knifo in tho othor. 44 1 am one who will n®t stand by and permit you to mutilate the dead.' 'You be, eh? Well, seo hero, my young counter flipper, if you don't about inarch and go about your business, I'll smother you inthe water thoro.' j The young man glanced about in e vory diroc tion, and his cyo foil upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon the beach. A moment later Dash lmd secured it. It proved to be tho round, hoavy end, and tho youth was delighted that ho had eecurod such tin excellent cudgel. Seizing tho cqdgel firmly, ho moved toward tho ruffian with the remark, in a threatening tono : 44 My friond, you will havo to movo away.' Tlie man dropped tho dead hand, and growl ing moro liko a dog than a human being, as he drew from his pocket a pistol, and aiming it at Dash, exclaimed in a fierco voico, aud with many oaths: 'Look hero, Mister ! I'vo just got a littlo toy hero that's worth a million of sticks liko that ; and if you don't want a holo in your nkinyou'H inoosey, and uot make any bones about it, either.' Da»h did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward tho villain, determined to bring matters to a decided i.ssno at onco. Tho uiati levolled his pistol, and shouted : 44 Stand back, or by ? I'll shoot I' Still, without flinching, Dash advnncc-3. Thoro camo a click, but no report. At tho inomont that tho man pulled tho trigger of his pistol Daah awuug tho bludgeon iu tlio air. As tho Irishman says, 44 o slvillelah never missos firo,' and tho piece of oar eped through tho air and descended upon the wrist and hand of tho murdovous body robber, knockod tlio pistol from his grasp, and compelled hiin to yell with pain. Still tho man was not overcome. Springing back, ho drew a murderouslook ing knife, and theu attempted to closo in upon his gallant young antagonist. Tho latter, however, was too much for him, and quite a lively skirmish followed. 1 Both men dodged nnd parried upon tho ; beach in the presenco of the dead body of the' young girl. | Kingston's kindness provented him from ; using his formidable woapon, as he could havo done. His object was to knock tho knife from tho man's hand as he had done tho pistol, and then drive him off. He failed to succeed.and tho stubbornness of the man invited his own. doom. 44 Will you mako off ?' asked Dash. 44 And leave the diamonds and jewels to you, ; pard? No, no, replied tho man, from between i his clenched teeth. 4 'Then your fato bo on your own head,' ox claimed Dash. 44 Go keorful, young man; this is murder, yer know.' 44 Will you mako off ?' 44 No 1' yelled the man, and with a fearful oath he made a spring at Dash. 44 Tho latter was prepared. His patience was also exhausted, and down j camo hia cudgel, whon tho foiled lubber sunk : upon the wet; sand. CHAPTER IV. A wierd* and ghost-like scene was presented | upon that lonely beach under tho bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the ; wot Rand, and loaned over tlio pale, stark face ; of tho dead girl. 1 Even whilo he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would : part, and from tho pearly teeth would cnn«e a , sweet voice, asking, 44 Where am I ?' Instinctively ho brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. | It was cold — icy cold, and a chill ran through | his framo as though he had laid his warm hand ; upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at the ruffian he had stricken to tho earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over tho man's heart. He lived ; and, with the muttered remark s 'It is hard to kill such scoundrels, ' Dash re turned and contemplated the whito figure of the murdered girl. While he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon tho girl's finger. lie stooped, as though about to remove it, when a nervous rcpulsiou caused him to start back and exclaim : 44 No ; I cannot rob the dead I' Thon his eyes fell upon two other jewels that sparlded iii the girl's cars. 44 What shall I do? If I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for i assistance, wmo othor vandal liko yon stamp ! may como along and possess himself of them,' | he muttered. After reflecting a moment, he added : . 44 1 will remove them and hold them for tho ] friends of the dead girl.' Dash was more successful than the robber ! had been, and had but littlo difficulty iu re moving the jowels. ! He had but just possessed himself of them when he heard voicos,and upon raising his eyes he saw tho glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along tho beach. 44 Great heavens 1 If I am found with those jewels on mo I will bo looked upon as a robber of tho dead ho suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively ho turned, as though to run away. 44 1 mean no harm, but I must protect my self,'' ho muttered, and with a cat-liko step he moved away. After proceeding a short distanco ho ascended the bank that lined the hc.vcli, and moving stealthily along, retraced his uteps to a point opposite to where tho body lav. He had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached tlio spot whero tho white figure lay. Tlio men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of cxcitcmcut followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, whilo listening, ho had a premonition of tho terrible mistake ho had made. ?'Tliero has been foul murder here, 'said ono of tho men, as he hold his lantern down over tho faco of the dead girl. 44 Jt has boon a dmiblo murder,' cried an other of the men, as his oyo fell upon tho form of tho man. ^ / 44 No, by thunder! This fellow lives,' ho added, after a moment, as he felt the wounded man's pulse. 44 Yes; I live,' came tho response in feeble tones. 44 What has happened?' askod the mon in chorus, as they gathered round. ? I 44 Give me a drink first ; I am dying of thirst,' I Ono of tho newcomers had a flask with hiin, I and put it to tho man's lips. Tho latter drank, and seemed greatly ro I vived, when he said : I ' A terriblo crime has just been committed | beforo my eyes.' 44 Tell us about it, quick 1 Tnnre may yet be a chanco to capturo tho assassin. ' Tlio fellow preteridod to bo very much over | by tno terrible scone ho had witnossed, and also to feel bad from tho effects of tho blow iio had recoivod ; but taking another good pull from the flank, he said : 44 1 was walking along tho beach, when I *aw a struggle going on in a boat alittle off tho shoro betwoen a man arid a woman. Tho man finally seized an oar and struck tho girl a blow on tho back of tho head,aiid sho fell overboard, when the man sailed away.' 44 And this is tho girl that was murdered ?'' 44 Yes ; I recovered tho body after an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, whon tho assassin returned. Ho as saulted mo, and a struggle followed, but with tho samo oar with which ho crushod in tho skull of tho girl ho laid me out, then robbed I tho body of tho girl of several valuable jewels, 1 and escaped,' Dash heard the wholo story, and would have rushed down and denied it ; but, alas ! circum stances were against him. Tho girl's head had been crushed by a blud goon, and ho really had tho jewels on his per son, although for no unlawful purposb*. Ono of tho men was left with the body, while tho others started to notify the authorities, so that an immediate search might bo instituted for tho supposed assassin. Tho man had furnished an accurate ctescn;- tion of Dash Kingston, and. .is la'tteivsfnlf; away, ho fully realised his peril : ciidr.-nistanccjx — fatal circumstances were ji^ainsf, luin;and he . havVnconseiously assisted in gathering thom aboui him. Ho Biicceedcfl m reaching tho city without boing discovered, and upon the followingmorn ing read iu tho papora the usual sensational and oxnggorated account of a diabolical murder, in cluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by tho assassin, and a garbled description of his person. Tho matter had gono so far that Dash dared not now discloso himself and relate the true, facts ; and in hopes that the matter would blow over in a few days, he shaved off hid whiskers'!' and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, nnd making oxcusos to his friends, wont to Melbourno. Upon tho very evening of his arrival ho was passing tho door of tho laidcs' parlour in tho hotel, when ho boheld a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and tho blood to'freozo in his veins. ^ ' 7 ' There, standing in tho centro of- tho parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady (hat his eyes rested upon was tho living, breathing girl the dead body of whom ho bolioyed ho had left upon tho Uoso Bay shore under tho moonlight somo hours boforo. At first ho thought ittnightboonlyafancicd rosemblanco. Recovering his 86»f-possossion, ho ateppod into tho room. Tliero was not tho least possibility of a mis take ; thoro were tho samo features, tho paint lovoly bluo oye.i, tho name golden tresses, tho oxquUito mouth— all, all tho immo, 'fill, hoavnoa j am I innd, or have T been dreaming soino horrible dream T' murmnrc*. ' Dash, as ho staggered from tho room. ; But tho idea of a dream was quickly dis* palled. , « , I His hand prossed tho jowols in his pocket, and the bluo oyea were turned toward him in | wondering amazement L i u ^u.mAUisu.i 