Register Your Votes. In order to facilitate matters, Mr George Lewis, the chief electoral officer, has sent out a short guide, which will enable electors whose names have been omitted from the first rolls to ascertain the method by which enrolment can be obtained, objections to electors urged, and electors' rights-both new and substituted-secured. The rolls may now be seen at every post-office in the colony, of which there about 1800, and also at every railway station, police court, and municipal council-chambers. Any elector whose name appears upon the roll, and who fails to receive his elector's right beforeMarch 1, 1894, can, upon making a declaration be fore the registrar of the electorate in which lie resides, and for which he is enrolled, re ceive a "duplicate" elector's right before March 31. If between the times of the collector's visit and the date fixed for the holding of the revision court any person claims to have become an elector by arriving at the full age of 21 years, by having com pleted the term of three months' residence, or, if naturalized, by having completed a 12 months' continuous residence within the colony since naturalization and three months within the one electorate, such person may apply for enrolment and the issue to him of an elector's right, to the clerk of the revis ion court. As an illustration of the pathetic hor rors of the great life battle of the nine teenth century it would be difficult to find anything more graphic than a case of juvenile suicide recently reported from Dublin. A well-to-do man with a wife and four young children went under in the crush of business never to rise again. He ended his despair by ending his life, leaving his widow and family destitute. The eldest boy, 12 years old, attempted to take up the fight for bread on behalf of the rest, in which his father had been worsted, but without success. Then he determined to offer his own life as their ransom from starvation. Here is how the simple-minded little martyr went about it. Mustering up all the money he could, he expended it in articles which are sold along with accident assur ance coupons, and Nith these in his pocket he deliberately drowned himself, leaving the following letter - Dear Mother: I spent the four and sixpence half-penny for your benefit, and hope the money it will bring you will help you to forgive my rash act. Tell the police to serch in the harbor at Portobello, and when they have found me get them to write a description of my clothes and what I have in my pockets. They will find a cap that cost 6d, and will entitle you to £200 insurance money ; pair of suspenders, 4^d, with a coupon on them for £300 ; a belt, 6d, for £100 ; and pa pers, one entitling you to £1000, and the others to ^"500 each in all ^"3500. Don't spend too much oti my funeral, and mind the money, which will make you rich Your loving son, FERDINAND DE FREYNE RIENZI DE COURCY. P.S.-Good-bye*" He did not 5 know that this invalidated the insuiance policies, and rendered his martyrdom a vain sacrifice to a relentless fate. P.S.-Good bye, Ferdinand, and may your poor little ghost, wherever it may be, never find this out, 