more about ghosts. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. 44 Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr Brooke?" 4 44 Certainly not ; but I do believe there are people who see them— in imagination. 11 Such was the question put by a representa tive of the 4 Pall Mall," and the answer re ceived from Mr \V. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Uooke's, who the ether day issued a cir cular offering to visit 44 haunted bouses" and lay the moat troublesome 44 spook." Mr Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Research Society, aud thinks that if more activity was shown many houses that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that If some one wonld set himself np ob a "specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the "dread being's own abode" for a little time, he might easily find out the real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread abont and give a noose a bad name. tjie adventueb op the stowftway. 44 What web your first achievement? " 44 Ob, a very Bimple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of ooals for New Zealand, bnt on the dayprevions to the sail ing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stow away was Li distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, ana was soon de lighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, bnt slipped, and rolling down the heap of ooals, fell into the arms of the poor little pig we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal !" the cat and the bat. 44 1 suppose that in many oases animals are the cause of theBe strange noUee?'1 44 Oh, yes ; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappinea that had, they assured me, 'come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I was quiotly sitting in a haunted house, with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicious-looking bole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I 4 let go. I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round his neck ; no more rapping was beard there. The wood, 1 presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to soare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." footprints on the bands. 4 4 What are your melhodE of unearthing 4 ghoBts?' " 44 They are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate & sound directly I hear it, bat if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I esspect that it is caused by au animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or saad around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition of the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though !) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or paw-treads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a houBe, aud, consequently, oan often detect flaws in the building that wonld not be noticed except by a practical man . Strange noises are caused by a variety of things; clotbes baskets that have con tained wet clotbes are hung up in a waon room after washing days. They will emit peculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people wen- daring, a beetle underneath a wallpaper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagina tion is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those organs being' tne organs of sense. It aets by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which i a usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. 1 have been in his company when he sees them — he has had two or three attacks of 4 D.T.' " A 44 WOMAN'S PITEOtri MIDNIGHT SHBIEEB (' 41 Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature ana where abouts of the 4 spirit 1 ! " 44 Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that 1 visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill- treated had been heard by the neigh bors, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear anything oat of the com mon, until the lady, a few minutes before twelve, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above ; I went into the garden — she was there ; I went into the street — she was there. I know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thoroughly, but with out success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a oouple of hours' searching, and I traced her voioe to the roof. I went for it with a ladder, and brought it down under my arm; the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush. and the wind caused these unmusical sounds.' A MYSTERIOUS FOOTSTEP— WANTED, GHOSTS. " By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an empty bouse?' 44 I've had worse. 1 managed to unearth the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High street, Deptfcrd, some time sinoe. After swarming aboutthe outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Fares were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pets of 44 four arf in formed me that 44 the blokes wot lived in ppe of the kerrevanson the lair pound behind used to go in the house wheu it was empty to 4 doss/ " ... Mr Brooks got into trouble a few years ago by his rather praotioal elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practice man; a disavower of spiritualism and theosophy, and he eoorns 4 astral bodies. If anyone has a real ghost for sale, be would be pleased to buy it ; or if a haunted house can be pointed out to bim, he Trill be very happy to track "spook" to ita parading ground. 