a FEMALE SUFFRAGE. FEMALE suffrage has become the law of the land in New Zealand. In South Australia the principle escaped constitutional recognition by a couple of votes only, and what was five years ago discussed merely from academic standpoint is now^-an Jail accompli in one of our provinces, and well within the range of practical politics in the remaining ones: The immediate effects of this innovation in New Zealand, judging from the experiences of the United States of Wyoming and Kansas, where women have for some time exercised the franchise, will tend towards purifying the social atmosphere in the direction of improved liquor laws, heavier penalties for brutal assaults, liberal extensions of the Married Women's Property Act, and possibly increased facilities for divorce. These are. however, the bright spots on th horoscope, and the dark blotches dis cernible more than compensate the apparent benefits which this country should derive from the new order of things. A Miss BUBT, in the " Fortnightly Review," for the purpose of illustrating the illogicality and im morality of their old order, assumes that a society exists in Mars in which political and administrative . rights are in the.hands of women ,only: .••. An agitation for male suffrage arises, and Miss'BtTKY describes the locut standi of its female opponents with the following ingenious remarks:— We say that Nature bas adapted men and the commercial business of the world, but that the State is not their sphere. • If men get votes, they will of course immediately abandon their.properoccupataons which" they hare carried on for centuries; and what will become then of die ordinary usiness of life t Declining to give yonr ex the political rights which female citiens enjoy, we assure you that we are not irotapted by Belfish motives. We hare the iighe8t possible opinion of the male intelect; and just because we estimate you so ighly we must refuse to allow you to de- grade yourself by any form of political activity. Yonr intellect is not the same in kind as ours. You are slow, steady, solid. reasoners; you have not that leaping faculty of instantaneous insight which, excuse us, is needful for a stateswomau and even for an elector. But do not suppose that you Jiave no' voice in politics^ are not your wires and daoghteu, jour mothers and yonr mothers-in-law, always ready to give jour opinions their - favourable consideration ? Do yoa not see that ycra exercise a fair higher influence in the State now than you would exercise if you were our political ,' equals? : The fact is Oat this agitation is entirely the work of a few free-thinking and free-living insurgent*, who are really not •respectable. Xfthey are encouraged, the' E>quenoe8 miy be simply shocking. W I find amour ntftiraiUU or who knows what horror, in t&e; midst of as. ' for theśe wild men who have taken to apeing women —nnaexed creatures, neither women ;nor t jnen, are perhaps tiie most deplorable feature of tile age. Admitting that woman is the product of her antecedents, and that her d present status is no criterion tjf whkt her -fntnre may be j also, that just as every man is not a HERBERT SPEHCEB, neither, is every 'woman a HAKEIET MiETngŁkn, . the 'political tendenpr of tiie^te ^ftji'is ^wlzźrrasaMll)^ the łhirły thbnsand f^iale eiectors of New Zealand Will prove for some time to come distinctly Conservative. Socially it • entails , logical modification^, «^j6ocmomically the battle of Hie "LaVe note" against the "haW will be waged: nnder such Sisadvantages to tiie former that ^je^etarfed., for at least sereral Vears. The get] is, Hie present WomajTe Rights movement is «ttribntable to the degenCTMy of man, and.^womiu's < *""ięed^rofcest agtuast «ufi JlMnent- »£ff«anbacyY <jaj."|nsTaB h'ebpcdffites wonuwiish«o will she stfivE to" make up far the deficiency,- and«ourt his admiration by the impersonation of those virtues which he has always been edncaied to revere in his own Woman is as jet in her actions following the promptings of her heart, not of hęr head. -Shebks not learned to disfcingrriBh between the meritorious and the meretricious, and until she acquires greater practical experience of the ways and means of male life, the best-looking and most flattering candidate for her support will get it. The attraction between the seres is powerful in proportion to their dissimilarities in nature, and "the result of woman's endeavour to raise herself to an equal plane with man, instead of lessening the breach by perfecting her yet undeveloped special and natural attributes, cannot be other than disastrous. Before becoming entitled to equal wages with the male operative she must undergo physical transformations, under which she would lose, all her present charms, power, and immunity from buffetings of life under the severest of competitive conditions. Physiologically she is not adapted for this, and never can become BO. Women, like men, have a world of their own. Men's duties are those of production and defence, women's those of ornamentation and ministering to the needs of the weary toilers. Each shonld have a complete monopoly of control over the conditions under which their respective vocations shall be conducted, and only in the domains of the arts and sciences is it desirable that both should meet on equal terms. Theoretically female suffrage is an excel lent thing; practically the time is not yet ripe for its introduction.- When the average 'woman has become sofii ciently intelligent to recognise that competition with man in the physical arena is snicidal, and that beyond exercising her voting powers from the seclusion of her home surroundings, nothing further can be beneficial, it will be time enouch to permit her. to share his legislative powers. To-day she has her eye on Parliament, on titles, on commercial and industrial manipulations. Probably she would like to be a policeman, a billiardmarker, or a Jack Tar as well; but for her own sake it is better that kindly restraint should be put upon her incoherent as irationR. A GHOST '.AID.—The < ifference between the Shire Council and the Hospital Committee in respect to the maintenance of the fever tent has at last been settled by the committee accepting the Council's offer of £70 for the current year, in return for which all the Council's charitable cases of tjrphoid and diphtheria will be treated without further charge upon the Council. Patients from other municipalities will not be received. DIVISION OF KYNKTON RIDING.—The sub-committee appointed to revise the petition for the division of the Kyneton &idin;* met at the Mechanics', on Tuesday evening and ascertained that the secretary had hać the alteration in the proposed dividing line U, duly made. The object of the alteration was to equalise as nearly as possible the revenue from rates in each of the pi new ridings. This will be attained for the difference between the amounts will be but £3717s 6d. Arrangements for obtaining the necessary signatures were made, and the meeting concluded. SHANGHAIS.—Many who are now "old boys" were, in their juvenile days, addicted to the G8e of the shanghai and in mischievous moments broke windows, and annoyed pedestrians and animals with with missiles projected from the dangerous weapon. The boys of the present day are as fond of. the shanghai as the boys of days gone by. At least some Kyneton juveniles are, and they give the police not a little trouble. Sergeant Young has 'cautioned and - admonished to no purpose, and even the destruction of the weapon has not stamped their use out. On Tuesday morning an otherwise innocent looking boy, about three feet high, appeared at the police court to ansner for having fired a pebble at a horse in High Streets few days previously. He admitted the charge, and was let off with a severe reprimand, the bench not desiring to have it recorded that he was "known to the police." The shanghai is a very dangerous weapon, and should never be used in the neighbourhood of houses or in thoroughfares. TBENTHAV RACING' CLUB.—Our. Trentham correspondent writesTheinaugnral e meeting for the ensuing year of the above was held at the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday erening. The following were elected office-bearers for the coming. year:—President, Mr Homfray; vice-president,. Mr Rahill; treasurer, Mr Hy. M'Cashney; stewards,' Messrs. Rahill, Munro, O'Brien, W. Newton, 1 Aineworfch, and Blackmore ; starter, Mr A. Munro; judge, Mr M'Caeh. ney; clerk of the conrse, Mr A. Oillis; weigher, Mr E. Toomev ;'the former secretary, who was opposed'by Mr B. M'Pherson pas re-elected; auditors, Mr Homfray Sleeman. A programme for Boxing Day of eight events, consists of a Maiden Hurdle Saćr, Trial Stakes, Time Handicap Trtt, Trentham Cup, Open Hurdle Race, Selling Race, Pony Race, and Railway Stakes. Mr W. E. Dakin was appointed haudicapper. It was decided to invite tenders for two publicans' booths, one luncheon booth, and fruit stall. Messrs P. O'Cocnell and P. M'lnerney attended on behalf of the East Trentham "Racing Club to ask for the use of the course on November 9 tor their sports and races in aid of the R C. Church. It was decided to grant the use of the course for £110s. FIRE IS EBDEN STBEJST.—Shortly before midnight on Tuesday the fire bell was rung for aita alarm of fire. It appears that Mr Simpson and his son, who were following their occupation, observed the glare, aw c the younger , man immediately ran to the bell and gave the alarm. In a few minutes .hose reel and apparatus carriage were an tothe fire, which was located in the slaSLBs.at the tear of Wedgwood's HoteL Without any loss of tame there was a powerful stream of water playing on the fire fromUbden Street, and another length ofiose was taken into the yard, anil the fiie was quickly ^nbdaed.. The portion -brnptt was situate in the lower yard, and tlra stable was mostly used for the stabling of entires,"but fortunately there were no horses in the building at the.time. . Mrs Wedgwood had only that day'-put in a waggon load of straw, which was destroyed with the fife and watef. The origin of the fire is a mystery. Mr T.Wodgwoodhad e only retired toreat about 20 minutes, and the first Intimation he had of tin firewa the hearing t&e; fire bell tolL • PABCEŁS MANIFBBT. — Packages and parcels adb'at the Railway Station for the following;:—Arnold jun.,Hyndman, Stanmeyer,' Trimble,, Swindley, Wood, Hill, Bender; M*Giv6rn, • Hmifli, H'Lnfi Dobinson, Milledge, Blair, Brown ani Williams. . ••:':'* ''..'.:;' Att NIOHT ^^ WOEK. — The additional labour xequired in tiie Jrqiaitiion for the jextenkive ale now being bondncied ei &e; Federal Xn^orium,; Mollison Street, has been considerable. He arrival yeeterday of-epreral large cases -newgoodsrendered j^^^mlc i^SdS iii order teonpack the gooSs in iiine ' tbrtiuB daysade: The splendid assortment artf dress materials and mUUneiy tóa-piwpioentfeature, whilst the ohaercloai«iK r Sa-Manchester goods W aecond to none J^r exoellence of quality and cheapness. SEbere&re; also 400 ootfits for men aqdtw^Sddeh cannot jbe stupassedc fourteen men's and boy's French hats offer a graW opportmiity-for selection. Republic never had the dance before to imr&saefetoS-and; iieasonabfe ^oodsM eudi low qnoftatioils. This is only on acoountof Mr WaUmenfe having l»en frtiooessful in purchasing from tte manufacturer's agent at "a net duoountof 45 per cent-Mf invmse piloe.—{ADTT-I t ' * "" ' Victoria has spent łieariy ilOO.OOO jh ' lhe River MnrraJ. New Soufch CHABOE AGAINST MR W. F. NORTON, J.P.—The charge of misconduct against Mr William Francis Norton, a justice of the peace, which is to be investigated by the Bpecial board appointed on Tuesday by the Governor-in-Council, is of a comparatively trivial character. Mr Norton is a draper, carrying en business iu Trentham, where' he has been established for some years. He is a young man, and highly respected in the district. For about five or six years he has .been an honorary magistrate, and is an ex-president of the Kyneton Shire Council. Mr Gillies, a local resident, is understood to be the complainant, and it appears the charge is that Mr Norton is accused of having used rather forcible language, punctuated with questionable adjectives in" the hearing of some persons. Mr Norton denies the accusation, which is alleged to be -the outcome of some petty misunderstanding. Messrs Keogh and Dwyer, P.M.'s, and H. Perry, Superintendent of Police, will constitute the board.—Standard. A COMING BENEFIT.—•• Plain Talk " writes from Woodend, approving of the comments| of " Gitano " in the OBSERVES, with reference to an entertainment to be held shortly in that township. " Plain Talk " writes that many a deserving object might be found to claim sympathy in these times of depression, such for instance as the Woodend village settlement or the Children's Hospital, forwhich it was proposed to hold a benefit some mouths ago. He concludes by stating that either of the last named objects would receive his support, but he could not understand how the entertainment referred to by "Gitano" could be supported on pnblic grounds. KTNETON HUNT CLUB.—A meeting of the Kyneton Hunt Club was held yesterday. The weather was splendid, the rays of the sun being tempered by an agreeable breeze.;" There was a large attendance. The.start took place near Heath's Hotel, View Point, and the finish was at the Jim Jim, the starting. place of the Woodend Point to Point Steeplechase. There were a large number of vehicles on the roads. Onlj a few of the -members took part in the hunt at the start. The trail was laid by Messrs J. and R. Thomson. A start was made by Mr C. Peters on Doctor, Mr Varcker on Blackboy into Mr Crean's paddock, where a stiff three-rail fence was jumped by Doctor, Blackboy getting over at the second attempt; next into Mr Hanley's over a strong two-railer, next into Mr James's paddock; where they were joined by Mr Sutherland on Twist, who came a cropper at the first fence; next into Mr Wait's, where a number of Woodend members took part; next into Mr Dwyer's, over a number of log fences, which they all jumped^ splendidly, and finishing over a very stiff three-rail fence, where Doctor made his first mistake, hitting heavily and unseating his rider, who made a clever recovery. There were several falls, but no one was injnied. Meeting of the Hunt Club will take place at the Shamrock Hotel to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. ^ . ACCOUNTS are awaiting payment at the Kyneton Sub-Treasury for the following:— E. Lidgey, Jno. Skidmore, H. S. Whiteon, Geo. Murphy, Geo. Rook, Borough of Malmsbury, Jno. Jeremy, Jas. Leonard, H F. Main. IGNORANT OF THE BIBLE.—A boy o eleven years of age, was called to. the witness-box at the police court on Tuesday morning, to give evidence in a case in which he was concerned. Before being sworn the bench thought it desirable to ascertain whether the boy understood the ceremony of taking a formal oath; and Mr Bartold, the clerk of the court, began to catechise him. The boy did not recognise the' book placed in his hand as being the Bible.- He had heard of such a book, but knew nothing of its contents. He did not go to Sunday school, but he admitted knowing that be would be punished if he told lies. As, however, the defendant had pleaded " guilty," it was derided that there was no necessity to require the oath to be taken. THE SILVER KINO.—In another column will be fonnd an announcement that the eminent actor, Mr Bentley, who is now concluding a very successful season in the sister colony, will appear at the Mechanics' on Thursday and Friday, Oct 26 and 27, in " The SilV6r King." The following is from the Brisbane Courier .-—The study of " The Silver King" is one from life, and in portraying it Mr Bentley absolutely loses himself in the personality of Wilfred Denver. There is nothing strained or artificial in his acting ; everything is real — indeed realism is his first consideration, and, as has been aptly said, realism in the hands of so cultured an actor as Mr Bentley means the very highest combination of dramatic fire and natural force. In the emotional parts of the play—and "The Silver King" abounds with such situations —Mr Bentley scored well, and succeeded in drawing the sympathies of his audience around him in such a way as to make them at times forget that they were not witnessing the_ actual occurrences portrayed. Indeed, in all tbe scenes throughout the five acts Mr Bentley was truthful to nature, and played -with characteristic power, electrifying his hearers Nothing, perhaps, need be said of the plot, since it is so widely known. Suffice it to say that it is capitally interpreted, and is equally well staged. Though the piece involves something like sixteen changes of scene, and notwithstanding that last night was the first nighty everything went without a hitch, while the waits were not unnecessarily prolonged. . . . LARCEKT AS A BAILEE.—The Kyneton police are on the look out for a man, name unknown, who on the 3rd of the present month hired a. buggy bom Mr Thomas Simmons, promising to return it the same day, but failing to do so. The buggy is a small frame box one, painted blue and light blue lines, the horse the usual stamp of a bnggy horse, 14ł hands, branded with WT on near shoulder. The harness, silver mounted, branded in several places ? THS. The valne of the whole is .£35. The man is 27 years of age, and a stranger in the town. RALLYING SPEECH.—The Age says that there was. much in the matter, and even more, perhaps, in the -manner, of Mr Patterson's speech at the mayor's luncheon on Monday, The Premier was in fine "rallying ""form, and even to an audience that had not lunched so liberally as the one he addressed, the effect would have been rousing enough. The speech was hiefly a pwan on pluck; and the country was exhorted to take heart of grace, call up its depressed energies, and boldly grapple its destiny—which it was plainly hinted must be glorious—with strong arms and unwavering courage. Our resources in minerals, agriculture and natural products were unbounded, our climate hospitable and soil fertile; the only thing • wanting to weld these into solid and enduring prosperity was determination and confidence in ourselves. The hoń gentleman delivered his periods with a force and fire that brought forth responaibve cheers atevery pause, and when he aid; down had certainly removed any depression that might have existed in the breasts of his hearers. AN ABCHI EPISCOPAL APPOINTMENT.—No official communication from the Vatican, writes Ihe Sydney correspondent of the s Argyu, has been received by Dr Higgins, assistant bishop of Sydney, or the Roman Catholic iinthwjtJń m South Australia, as to the appoint jment of Dr Higgins to the See of Adelaide. - but AichbisbcjiiCarr, of Melbourne;, is"Baid to have interested himeelf żm the promotion oTDr Higgins, and tłwre is aBtróng beiliefłiere that Dr Higginswillobtain theprefermeiit.;" ROAD V. RAIL—Tha Melbeurne correspondent of the Sendt^o jdwrtiter writes :• A report has beenreoeived by the 'Railwi €k>mmiamners iei^dii^ .the iraM oonm tiiaon ontheBendigo-mrte. 1 Itstates th one of the principal earners had to give up business, and that his efforts to compete with the,iaili!3S,y8 have resulted in ' a lob of JBTp during the sAson. e TROUBLE IN "RRVEEINA.—Bands of camp followers afee 'giving much - difficulty in the JSiverina- district, rushing tbe shearers' tents hTl&ftr; absence, and stealing fheir provisions. One account is that these kneo. arechiefly Sydneyand Melbourne larrikins; j another that numbers of the men are pro-* l»My in a state of atarratura, being on&Me; ta findwork, and that thqy .are driven to the extreme of ruahing the BhearerB* Iqhts, hffting only the altsrnatiue of jBtarnng. Respectable men who late retun>ed#roin : the sluing iHKerariHiiyrtB&towt;ąfe that the country u in a frightful condition, hundredi-xrf men walking abgiit*rith little or nothing tb eat The maiotityofibese men anxiomrft) work, hot an quite unable fcosecure it. ^ ^ g M t h " & THE BENDIOO SHOW.—At the Bendigo Spring Show., which was opened yesterday - afternoon, amongst the exhibits mentioned in the machinery department are those of the firm of Hutcheson and Walker, who show strippers and winnowers. \- OCTOGENARIANS. — Two of France's greatest men are dying. One is M. Ferdinand de ŁesBeps, the celebrated engineer, who has long been failing in health. The other is Marshal M'Mahon, ex-president of the Republic. M. Lesseps was flbrn in 1805, and M. M'Mahon in 1808\. - POINT TO POINT STEEFLFCHASE.—The Woodend Point to Point Steeplechase, which excited a great deal of interest, came off yesterday. The weather was fine;and the attendance was large, the roads being lined with vehicles. The starting point was from Mr Clark's (Garth), near the Jim Jim, and from thence towards Springfield, near Woodend. All seven started. The country was not very difficult. Kyneton was represented by Mr J, R. Hardman, who rode Wild Dog. The horses came in the following order t—J. Reece's, Ace of Spades (H. Richey) 1; B. Morris's, Ferret (Owner), 2; J. Keating's, Lord Elcho (Owner), 3. The winner was fifty lengths ahead. A.N-A-—The ordinary meeting of the local branch' of the Australian Natives' Association was held on Tuesday night, the vice-president (Mr T. Shortill) occupying the chair. A letter was received from the Board of Directors stating that the president could not make any fresh arrangements to attend Federation debates of the branches, for at least three weeks, as he would be occupied in the meantime with his Parliamentary duties. It was resolved that in consequence the local debate on " Federation " should be suffered to atand over. Hie recommendations of the committee that a concert in aid of the branch's emergency'fnnd should be held on show night, ana that the committee carry out the necessary arrangements were adopted- Mr J. H. Sutherland was elected "treasurer tnee Mr Strahan, who has left the district. Cows' MILK.—The following is a resumć of a lecture on the above subject, delivered in Melbourne ou Monday night The lecturer (Dr Barrett) prefaced his remarks by saying that the object of his lecture was to indicate the physiological basis of the feeding of infants with cows' milk. He showed that the mortality of infants was greatest during the first year of existence, viz., about 200 per 1000. About one-tenth of this number of deaths was due to infantile diarrhoea,"and particularly summer diarrhoea, and tbe high temperature contributed to a great degree to the average. His contention was that the incautious and improper nse of cows' milk as an article of diet was one of the factors tending to pro. duce diarrhoea in infants, and contributed to the mortality. Taking first human milk, he showed what diet was most necessary for the production of a suitable food for infants, and went on to point out how the nearest artificial substitute for it could be obtained by the dilution of animal milk. He remarked that asses' milk most nearly approximated to the human fluid, cows' milk came next, and goats' milk was . the "worst. It was, he said, impossible to get a perfect substitute for human milk, as the clot could 'never be got rid of. He f urged the necessity of boiling milk, and said it was remarkable what a number of risks people ran by taking milk in its raw condition. The presence - of clots, he contended, in the infant's stomach was one of the causes of diarrhoea, and these clots could never be got ridof where cows' milk was need. He therefore arrived at the conclusion that human milk was preferable to animal milkforthe sustenance of infants. FATAL ACCIDENT AT DIGGERS' REST.—A young man named William Ailferty, a teamster employed by James Barbour at the Royal Highlander Hotel, Flinders Street, Melbourne' (writes the Argus) was found lying yesterday (Tuesday) afternoon on the Bendigo road, about half a mile from Diggers' Rest He "had apparently been run over by his dray, which was laden with spirits, and was being taken to Bendigo. All possible haste was made in bringing the injured man to th6 Melbourne Hospital, but upon admission to that institution he was quite dead. Across his chest was the mark of the wheel which had crashed him and had caused terrible internal injuries. TABIFF COMMISSION.— A Parliamentary board was appointed at the meeting of the Executive Council on Tuesday *' to iuqnire into the effect of our fiscal system upon industry and production, upon the employment of the people, upon the condition and -extension of agricultural, mining, and other producing interests, and upon exports and imports." The members of the board are Mr Bosisto (chairman), Mr Graham, Mr Levien, Mr Peacock, Mr Stuart, Mr Tucker, Mr Andrews, Mr Bromley, Mr M'Kenzie, Mr T. Muiphy, Mr Rawson, and Mr Tatchell, M'sX.A. As they have been appointed a board instead of, a select committee of the Legislative Assembly, as was at first proposed, they will be able to sit during the recess. 