®ntmb& fine. Clear. Pleasant. Fireworks. Art Gallery. Guy Fawkes. Fine Sunday. Silver, 2«. 8£d. Legal oconomy. Clever burglary. Cricket amenities Novel programme. "The Right Man." Socialist riot in Vienna. Another crois for Dibbs. Carnage won tbe Derby. The cowardice of euicidfl. Legislative famine in England. Electric lighting extraordinary. Melbourne Cup race to-mortow. Mr. W. R. Wilson congratulated, botanic Gardens rosery at ita beat. All about the Derby Day on page 4. Guy Fawkes in doubt whentooome. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day 29-96, The Natives meet to-night at Beach's. Ease and grace and activity combined. Fearful doing, of the dynamite demon. Tobacconists, beware of the totalizator Naked savages against the Maxim gun" Mrs. Mary Lee oan write a capital letter Suez Canal blocked by a burning steamer! The police too good for that smart burglar. «' The Bight Man 1 ' has a Datrellian fiavonr. Entertainment at St. Peters Town Hall to- night. Matabele going to face those Maxim gout again. "Witch the world with noble horseman. ehip." Wirth's Ciroos leaving to-day for South Africa. The Eleven were anything bat » happj family. Lo Bengula'a fighting weight greatlj reJuoed. Chicago is taking revenge on Sydney's Premier. Great electrical display at the Town Hall to-night. Annnal meeting of Adelaide OheH CInb to- night. Our local Lancers noted for manly bearing and skill. Tenders called in the South-Eaat for Judges' lodgings. Turner says English cricket hu remarkably improved. The poiioe can look the other way on Guy Fawkes night. There is too mnoh indifference to the teachings of nature. Law againBt betting and gambling to ba strictly enforced. The "Terror" opened the floodgates of hia wrath in Melbourne. Gambling is too common now for tha law to do much to suppress it. George Giffen accused of disloyalty to tha captain and the team. The Chicago Exhibition fall flat. Sooth Australia kept out of it. Mrs. Mary Lee will convert Dr. Wylde to woman's suffrage if she can. The gay Lothario of Johore ia beyond the reach of the English Courts. Sensible rejoinder from the Rev. F. W, Cox to the ravings of the Review. Sir Andrew Clark going down before the foe he has fought so well for others. There was eome superb horsemanship rai the Old Exhibition Oval on Saturday. | Anxiety over the Viotorian raoiag kept many persons away from the Oval. One fair lady dropped her needle ia th* grass in the thread-and-needle race. Turner says the Australian Eleven su&srsd; from too many " puffs" beforehand. Sun rose at 4.56 a.m. ; seta at 6.32 p.®, Moon rose at 3 35 a.m.; sets at 4.26 p.m. The " World's Fair" represents the largest money loss ever incurred by an Exhibition, - There is scarcely tbe ghost of a ohanoeof a communal tenure of wealth being suooessfuL A dose of morphia that throws a man into unconsciousness has absolutely ao effect on a goat. Bookmakers who frequent the saloon at th* Theatre Royal warned to cease their practices. Our cavalrymen have the same flexibility of body as the "Centaurs of the Wsit," bnt more grace. A medical good Samaritan threatened with Italian vengeance as the result of a kind action. Electrical and Scientific Entertainment in Town Hall to-night in aid of distressed women. The military sports were as keenly a*d skilfully contested as of old, bnt badly patronised. Suoh an explosion as tbat at Santander might easily have occurred at Port Adelaide not long ago. If those brave Matabele had got to dose quarters the assegais would have been bap. tized in blood. Winners on Saturday—Carnage, Alpine, Creasy and Straightfire (dead heat), Loyalty, and Rosebrook. The Judges said to be running a risk of having to lodg? at eeoond- rate boardinghouses when on oircuit. The Kent Town Wealeyans had a enjoyable Snnday-sohool picnio at Blackwood on Saturday last. The wisdom of Solomon will be brought to bear on Tropical Australia to-night before the astonished Natives. " Few of us enjoy as we might, and none of us as yet appreciate fully the beauties and wonders which surround us." Materialistic teachings tend to remove the fear of that "something after death" whioh acts as a wholesome check to euioide. Not one of our acute and indefatigable detectives can compass the extermination of the stage villian, says our dramatic critio. Within a recent period of six yean no fewer than 289 instances of snioide among sohool children in tbe German Empire were recorded. " A degree of romanoe is too often associated with notorious suicides that is both detrimental and dangerous, and onghtto be stripped away." "When a man is too conceited and plays for himself instead of his side, he does »lot of harm, and that was undeniably Giffen'a great fault." So Turner says. In view of their cfoftt dis&ppointoi6Qtl; over the Sherman Act, the World's Fair, and the McKinley tariff, the Yankees must feel inclined to kick themselves at times. If you tske a sword and dror It, And go stick a fellow through, Gov'ment ain't- to answer for it; GodH send the bill to you. 