LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Seore'ary to be Postal Department forwards na spe.imene of poet cards ia.uud by the department as souvenirs of the Exhibition to be held in Hubert next y-t.r. There are two cards, one th» ordinary penny card wilh which we are all t'muiii..rj but baring on the tide devoted te Re writing a view of Iho Exhibiti on hniidiog and ef Holart from the bay. with the Tasmanian arms, surmounted with tlie words " Official souvenir," in the centre. The other oard is an innovation in thi- Oolsny, but one whioh will te irrge'y availed of for brief communications, to whioh the sender wishes to receive a reply i himself paying the poitige. 1 hir is a oream colored doable oard, considerably larger than tbe penny card, perforated down tho centre in order that on.-h.If may be need for tbe reply te the comuinm- oation received. .The oost of this card — which oarriez a massage to and from »ny part of the world— is 31 — making ihe postage on eaob commnnioation I)1, and that portion wbioh will be retained by tl e reoipient ie similarly embellished to (be penny oard. The engraving is excellent y executed, and apait from tbe general atiliiy of th. 31 oard, no doubt many Tasmaniacs will take this means of giving their frioni s elsewhere an idea of tbe bnilding in whii h the Inte national Exhibition is to be held. The oaids are now on salv at the varices Post Offices. A meeting of the Devonport Town Board will be held at tbe Pn.ilio Buildings at 2 30 p.m. to-day. The monthly meeting of the Mersey Board cf Agriculture will be he'd.at the Ministerial room, Pnilio Bni'dings, this afternoon. Mr 0. Napier Bi ll, O.E., will probib'y v'eit the Mersey to-day, and .will, wilh the officials of the Mersey Marine Board, in- epeot the dredging operation! oow in pro gress, Mr Bell's visit is pvrely of a | riv.ta nature, he having txpreued a desire te inspect the wo k that 1e being carried out under the plan ho supplied to the board. The omiieion of tho word " compound, " from Mr E. J. Petoreon'i urgnment ia our report of tbe alleged oattlntusling cute hs.rd at Ulveietone on Friday made the contention of Mr Peterson appear absurd. What be argued was that the case was not one of " compound felony." Mr Giaeiey, Ibe well-known Moriarly mailman, met with a nasty accident n the road between Norlhdown and Latroba on Bnndsy. He wea in a loggy, with bis aon, and while in the eot of alighting tha. horse suddenly 'bolted, throwing bim heavily to tbs ground. Tbe son, fortu- natsly, held the reins, and qu'ekly pulled the animal up. . Mr Graeley waa pioked np and taken to Ihe Devon Cottage Hss pital et Latiobe, 'and on eximlnarfon by Dr Payne it waa foand that be hid sua. tained a alight eoncuia'an, and other in- jnriea .toot th. head. He was detained at tbe inatitntloo, end is now improving rapidly. | Things in general hav. been very dud st Barnie for tbe put few months (writes or correspondent). The ooming election is now engaging all hand, and nothing else ia likely to rectivo attention for 'the nxt few dai e. Tha oontret for Welling ton ie likely to be an exciting one, Mr Fenton not boing looked upon aa " orr man" by evsryone (in Burnis 'specially), and Mr 0. H. Hail, tbe new onniidnte, wi ! give him a olose run ; atil1, i think the o'd members will go back. Several other in flieniial gentlemen were approached to eland for WellioKton, bnt ell refused — Oar batter faotary is still flourishing. W- are now looking forward to leara what' the Engiieh market think of the " Emn" breed, a small shipment of hntter being under, way. The i heese making iodaetry is how engaging the attention of the direoiora. — Wo do not exoeot many hnndred visitors from tha other colonies thiB seasnn, the present steamer aervioe not affording enough onoouraeement for tourists to travel- — Tho V.D.L. Bank Lottery prize list ie receiving ite initial attention. I have put my £2 aside, and booked tho first; and eio'onth prizes, and trust no one will dare to u ns" t my oaloulatinni. Tha new conrt for the Devonport Lawn Tennis Olnb at East Devonport has been onmpleted, and the opening match is to bo plated on Saturday week, when teams representing, respectively, the town and country will try rom lireions. The anniversary of the Sheffidd Wes- leyan Ohnrob and Sunday school wee cele brated on Snaday. Differing f<om the two prooeding anniversaries (writes oar correspondent), the day wee besntifni end sunny, end the chnroh (whioh oomfortabiy Beats over 400 people) was crowdtd at each aervioe. A choice coileelion of hymns, sang by the choir and Snnday sabo.j children, were beanlifuliy rendered, and refleoted great credit on MicB A. Robert eon, tbe orgaout, who worked zaaionsly to make the mu-ical portion of tbe gathering a enocest. Tbe services were condnoled by the Rev J. Polkingorne, ot Longtordi who prea'hed three very instructive ser mons. Tbe text in tbe morning was tsk«n from the G h chapter of Mark, "«nd<60.b Verse, and that in the evening, from Hebrews, 4ih and 9tb. In tbe afteraooi Mr Polkingborne | r nohed a beautiful end ii'Btruotive iormoi to the children from tba words, " What manner of obitd ibait this be." The sermon, which w-'e aieo very interesting to older people, wa9 given in euth a eimpl. and attraotive manner as to command the atRn'.iun cf the obildten, who eeomed to enj ly an I understand it thoroughly. Tba tia was held on Monday, in tho schoolroom opposite the ohnrcb, wbioh was tastefully decorated for the o:. casion by snveral eoergatio ladies and gentlemen. Tho Sheffield ladirs (who are famed for their skill in the oalinary art) h<d, as usual, the tibiss t onatifnlly laden with good things, whioh in) sterionaly die- appealed at th. day advanced. The tables .were nresided over by Mesdames Hope, Lord, Tregonmog, Roue -, and Olerko, antl tire Misres Lord, Wy att, Smith, Jeffrey, Acklin, and B<et. After tbe tea. a publi' ineo'.iog was lrebl ia the chart h, when speeches were made by tbe Revs Edwards (chairman) and Pulkingborne and MreE. Bolomon, and several hymne were sntg by tbe ohoir. A vote of thanks to th i ladies who had provided th tea, tbe vocalists, and tba speakers waa proposed by. Mr O.-ilemm, and seconded by Mr Bouse special muution itcing made of Mr Solomuni who gave a very earnest address on Monday school work. Mr J. Hope, who has been superintendent of thu Snndiy school for a number of ytars, was unable to attend the meeting on account of icdispoeition, much regret being expressed at his absonoe. After the meeting, a sixpenny tea 'was held, at which a. good number of people were present. Tbe proceeds amounted to about £26. rbegrni-ral manager of tbe Government haileay. ia introdnoing a new feature to draw patronage to tbe lines uod-r bis con trol daring tbe holiday teason. Tide is none otb.r than special holiday season tickets whbh will be ions from December 20 to 25, available ovor all lines until January 31, at tbs low. price, of £3, or tbe cost, roundly, of three single tioketa between Ulveretone and Liunceiton. Wet ike it, h iwevrr, that there wi l be one objeotio0 f.isad to lire terms en wbioh these tioketa are lesned, for it is neotssiry that intend- iog purchasers ehoald give twenty- four huure' notice of their deBire, These oon- diiions may deter some whoso morem.nta are not quite cortain, and may slse pre vent some obtaining tickets wli i deilr to do so st the last, moment. Of ocurs In addition to these tiokets, eiogle fares .wil, aa naaal, rale far the retarn journey daring th. holidajr;aeasoiil farther pariienlare ap- piariog in our s'peoial advertising colomns. Ws remind onr readers of the entertain ment to bo givon by the ohildren pf the West Devonport Btat cohooi in tb)Glblia Hnll this evening. The first part wi'l oon- i.t of the operetta, " Daisy Dell," in which fifty-five children take pert, nt the end of which there will he s msgnifioent tableau, with limelight effects, which premises to be tbe most brilliant sp-o'sole ever seen in the town. Tbe tecond part will be oomposid of ecnga, choruses, and reoitations, one of ths prinoipal featnr-s of this portion being the singing of " Aold Lang. Syne," in Highland, oostnme, by, Master Jaok Leg- gate. The Hon J«!in Henry will b.< ia th. obslr, and, from our readers' expericnoe of the entertainment given lest year by the Slbtesohool children, they will be esiured rf s treat this evening -of s high- order. The prooaeds will be in sld of tbs prize fund. ' 1 i , .Tbe anniversary servio-,' ia ooan'ctton with St George'n Angiioan Charcb, New Ground, will be h Id on Bilhdiy, at 8 o'o'ock, when nn address to the obildreq will be delivered, and the scholars will rtoeive Ihelr awards. ' ' Nominations for the chief .vents, at the Boxing Day H.et of the Sheffield Turf Olnb olose with tbs secretary! Mr E; Bees, st o'oliok ts morrow night. ' The ghosts st Ham tun Court Fniaue ars said still to frighten the inhabitants aog offioials of the p toe ; end even visitors, it is declared, are not exempt, severs! of them having termlcat-'d thBir vislla nbiaplly owing to the n ill th y have heard. a resident in the palace Bonds lo " Tbe Daily Grsphio" an aocount of an appsriiion sien by an atUndant in the gardtns;' wbo |Wan eitilng on a bench weidng for the In-ipeutor to pais on his round, at night, wbon sud dimly bo felt a band hid «p n biB foot' nnd looking up, saw a tad pale lady, dressed in gray. He sprang up at once, but she vanished before hie cyan, and ibe lb .ok cau ed by the apparition was eo great that bo had te re ign bis poet. Ha became so n nous that he was absolutely afraid to remain in the gardens at night. Nor aru tire ghosts cot find to. the gardens j for a lew nights ago two ot Ihe m iid-Bervantst fnnoyiog they emoit something bnrnieg, wont down one ef the staircases in the middle of tbe night and met a tail ptlo lady with" a refl toted light on her faoo, " and dressed in black. Bhe, too, vanished through one ef the Queen's gates, though tho door iisolf was elm), and no footsteps coul.l bo board. Other servant in (he palace have beon vLitel by theBe roya gliosis. "One nei'vant declare: that ite f.lt something couie and tench her faoe in tbe dark wbon alio was asleep in bed, und another maid Bleeping in the next room oalled out lo her to "leave off walking about hor room," as she heard footstep,, moving aboat. Several vieitore to tbe palsoe have noticed extraordinary noises in a partioular room, and only a few months ago two ladies ware standing talking net' this room at about half-past 11 ono night, when ilrey heard a loud ortah and saw a brilliant light flish through ths room, a eight whlub i hey could not account for in any way. "The GiapbioV' informant ie positive tbnt no praotioal j >ker ia the author of tbe disturbances, aB has been snggeatod in so ne quarters. AuneBoleyn and Jana Peymour are eisd to be tbe dis turbed epiiite, aud it ie faottioasly propose I that Mr J. A. Freude Bbonld interview them, and dear np some doubtfsl points in tbe domestic history cf Henry Vill, The Green's Greek Raoing .Olnb'will bold their annual maeting on Wedneeday, Do ot-mbor 27. Tho programme consists of Maiden Plate, about one mile, weight for ago ; All aged 8 skee, a mite and a-half, weight for age ; HurJle Bv:e, a simil -r di-itanor, 10a' ; District Purse, and Hack Race, each ono mile. There wi 1 also be soma horse-jumping, and all ovenis arc poit entry. The olnb, wo may mention, is registered. T<-da> and to morrow, ootumencing a'. 11 o'clock, Mr G. Atkineon will offir, on tbe premi'ts of Mr W BarneB, Latrobe- ths whole of the ailvaga st-'ck from the late ft e. 