SPRING BAY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, The Council met on Wednesday, 1st inst. Present The Warden (Mr. F. Mace) and Councillors Pitt, Sailor, J. C. Turvey, and Rudd. The previous minutes were road and confirmed. Councillor Rann asked permission, prior to the commencement of business, to think the Council, on behalf of himself and wife, for the very kind motion of sympathy passed to them at the last meeting on account of his father's death. The OiAitiMAS laid on the table Merry weather's Trade Circular, and read statement of revenue, pointing out how much more revenue had been collected this year than last The Council then went into Committee to consider alterations in the Assessment roll for 1873, which having been gone through seriatim, the Council resumed. Councillor Ron proposed,-" That the alterations and amendments as now read be adopted us the Supplementary Assessment Roll for the Municipality of Spring Bay for the year 1891." Councillor ToitVKY seconded. Can Wed. The 1st of December was fixed upon as the appeal play. Councillor SA LIKE asked what had been done in regard to application for fencing OakhamnlM" is not". the WARDEN explained that the Council could not legally up my money in fencing in private proper its. The name members then sat as a Board of Health. The previous minutes were read and confirmed. The CHAIRMAN reported that a slight outbreak of measles had occurred in the time trict. Applications for certificates were received from the publicans of the district (3) Mr. SALEH proposed, " That the applications stand over until a report as these boats has been received by the Board from the Health Inspector." Mr HUDD seconded. Carried. On inquiry it was found there was no inspector at present. Mr. HUDD proposed and Mr. T'imvKV H corner,-" That Mr. McCluskey be appointed Health Inspector." Carried. t The Board then adjourned. The same members then sat as a Birrel of Advice. The previous minutes were read and confirmed. The Chairman laid on the table the report of the Department of Education for 1863, an I read reports of absentees from Triabunna and Buckland, with police reports thereon. Five application i wer. receiveth for tramp tion orders on the grounds of home teach- ing. These were left in the hands of the Chairman to grant if he was satisfied the children were born- in me laught. A circular- from the Director of Education King read, stating that the sum at his disposal not being sufficient they could make provision for cleansing daily. The CHAIRMAN' said he had no reply in regard to the roof of teacher's residence, Triabunna, and the Board adjourned sine die. Rkadino IK Bei».--Tho Globe (writes Dr. Gordon Staples) begins an article with the words, '. Of course, we are all agreed that leading in bed is poral clous." My dear old Globe, we are ii o', lung of the soil. By the crimson hood of my toga, no. If my opinion is worth a penny piece, then you shall have it, and, to use a somewhat common pin ase, I have the courage of my convictions. I am turned CO, I have read in railway on lunges, real on the today, and read in bed all my life ; I read myself to sleep, or nearly to sleep, every night. Yet my eyesight is splendid, lean read the smallest type without spectacles by the light of the moon, or a prisoner's dip. My constitution has not been shattered, and I assure you I have never been burned to death in. bed. Why should your), burned to death in bed, I wonder! What nonsense I Your candle is on a table by your bedside, If you do drop off, and the candle does burn itself out; what is the harm - Oh, dear oh, dear I what a lot of old wives there to the world.? But the truth is that, unless a man is a navvy, a tiller of the soil, or boiler of the deep, and can drop off as soon as his head touches the pillow, it is good for his brain health to read in bed If there is the ghost of a chance of his beginning to think after lying down, the book or magazine must at once be had recourse to. This keeps the mind on an even keel till the waves of sleep begin to was the soul to dreamland. Let him, just before this, put out the candle, and a good night's rest will be his guerdon. To think in bed is self murder. To road in bed is life. In this advice He sense and science both combined. The Tasmanian Fever Thick For wounds noel ved in war. and for fevers, etc., the natives of Tasmania Uhcd eucalyptus as a general remedy. A Marvellous Cure for Iimucnua, Coughs, Colds, and all Chest and Lung Airee Horn in Hilra _ of Eucalyptus Globulus made from the leaves of the Tumniintnn " value (Jury. Club in " JOuculyplol,"Hiid of the highest mode wool yarn., doctors prescribe it for Diphtheria. Brou hint., Arthurs, etc., also for Typhoid and other Fevo ' 2. It keen racer relief in Ulan lime or rolls. are In Kidney or Bladder Complaints. Spmyodor Inhaled item T H tkjro Throat, Nasal Catarrh, Ho meanness, or Hayle for, Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company, No just and Loudon. B i.UiiiiUUi. ' - líobartAgenUt» one man and Peter Coe ja.-The'Jf««««** so- far says !-" The Hume 'C»dbuw_pnojy i»a«k«t«fOoc*.f.tPii n ,"ni''eofpaHiyJ_T_|_ t»m_-_>ve¡i**»toralJ.«e«a«B». -141 