WAS IT A GHOST THEY, SAW ? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211. Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot hoards wich lier. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early iri. December (1891) the two. women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving nob a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, However, in 1 the front parlor. At about half-past I eleven tliey returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they, went into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man I of gigautic stature. The upper part, of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes eleaming through the eyeholes in.it. tli3 shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one liana he cavriea a Jong, oia-iasnioneu 1 pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, arid' when Mr Jennings came in live minutes later he found no one in- the parlor and all the doors and windows securely locked. AVhat was it the women saw ? " I " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "Iliad slept badly for several successive nights'. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and ab tho -foot o£ tho bed stood the image of. my mother just as she lookett nve years Deiore, as sue was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed iu a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I wa3 foolish enough to tell of it, and the - local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never got well. ; Yet I did, and am in perfect health uow. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." . No doubt it was the nerves. Why, flaara'c 11/1 Diul in t.lm friiil'fl fcho nprvpS will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In' March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokes down, Hants, wrote us as fol lows " I was' so dreadfully nervous I ooulcl-nnt boar anyone in the room with mo, yet I did nob wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was j in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over, my eyes, and I was sielr most of the time. Mvfskin was dry and yflllow, and «LwuiroK and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie lielplessj in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. | By this time I was nothing bnt skin and I bone. My memory completely failed.. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' "Iliad given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, <11111 Ivtva UlllvU Uj DlUUIICl UClgVl O VUluUYO I Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mc." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shook at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system . rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it : remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean , nothing more or less than a set of. nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of tlie person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and whole some. ; Snow is fast disappearing from , the Alps. Buffalo has lost) . its white ( mantle. 