CCbttDrcn. My In We Neighbour. A stormy Jans day. How steadily the rain fell and how the wind moaned. Bat any one looking into oar obeerinl sitting- room mast have forgotten tbe state of the weather, for a bnuht fire snsDned and oraoklod in tho grata, and Olaire Wilson was scatad on tho hoarth-ruR jnst at my feoi with u isay kitten in Iigv uriiiB. Olairo's happy faeo made sunabins all about. Hor doll wan Sleeping npon my knee whilo 1 busily worked el a pink party dross for Miss Miriam Yollontreas ; quits a long nnmo for a rather small doll ; it took Olaire tbrco days to think of it. Yon eno Miss Miriam Yellowtross bad been invited to a dolls' party, and eo Olairo, my littlo next door noighiior, hod eotno in to talk it all over with me. " And obn shall wear hor bins silk drees with tbo bins sash again," tnnounoed Claire, smoothing bcr doll's cnrls tendorly. " Hho ought to bavc another patty dress," I said. " How wonld pink silk do?" " BoautHni I It wonld just suit her eheoks, Miss May," orind Claire. " Well, she nhall have one of (hat colour, then, and I'll niako it for hsr," Iran away for tho material, which Claire pronounced "jnst lovely." " it's a pinoa of one ol my danoing-oohool droaBsa— I tvnre it whon I was not much bigger than you are, Clsirs," I said. "And now dolly must bo mosanred." And eo sh> was, nnd tlin crocs ones fairly started pro gressed rapidly. Miss Miriam Yellowtres-f dozod before tho fire, Clairo bugged her kittan npon the hcarth-rng and oh.ittod blithely to mo ns I rooked and hemmed nnd at length finished tho nimplo trained skirt. Then the tiny waist wan commenced, and Claire, growing rcntlsos, oommeneed dancing about tha room and oicgisg, or paused to lean against my cbsir ond bestow aa earnest kiss npon my cheek. " Shall I read you a story, Miss May ?" asked Claire. " Yes, pet, do," I said. Bo 0)10 chosa n book from ths centra table and curled bersolf ap on the |ug at my feet again. Now Claire is six yesre old, and oan read very well if she takes timo to pnzzle the long words out. This timo she never seamed to notico whether the words were long or short. The title ol the book she hutd was "Lonqfellow'o Poems," and tbia is Claira'o story : " Once thers was a little girl who wont to school every day, almost, but once in a whilo, when it stormed, her mamma would giva her o holiday. She almost always spent the holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. Claire — I mean the little girl — loved, thio young lady, ob, very, vary muah I" Here Claire caught my hand and gave it a warmsqaeoze. " A lovely bird sang all day long in tho window ol Miss May's sitting-loam, and gold-fish swam forever in a globo. Tha flowers looked so pretty that grow in a long box in toe window. Once I sarricd a, bunoh homo that Mies May hud given me, and they were eo sweot every one wanted to know whore they eame from, and I told them, and Dnolo Wilbur took ono andgovo mo a large orange for it." "Now, Ciairo," I cried, "yoa nro juBt making all that np 1" " No, it's all troa — it's & tins story," said Ciairo, earnestly ; then sho said, "There's a nioa kitty at Miss May's ; it will come Io mo whan I call it — it hasn't 007 nsmo bnt kitty. I think it ought to have a name be sides that." " Yon can give it one now, il you want to," I said. "Ob, oan I?" cried Claire, eo joyously that any one might havo faneied I had jnst mada her a present of five pounds. " Wall, would Minnie do for a namo 7 No — it would take too long to call— Bomothing ehort. Lot me 000. Fan — I don't 'zsatly like that— oh, /know t lilt's call hor Pinky. Pinky, doav, canning Pinky, look np 1" To Claim's delight, tho kitten raised her little gray head end looked np. " Bho likes her noma; aha almoit laughed, sha's eoplcnsod !" cried Clare, oxaitedly. Thon, after patting pnso a fow momonto, sho piolrad np her book nnd wont on with horotory: — " Mien 3Iay and I go to toe samo chnroh; sho teashes me in tho Sunday echool ; there orofonr other girls in tho class and caoh ono wants to eit by Mien May, eo wo iiavu to 1 take tarns nt it. unrissmoa slice eriny gave moo. moat bountiful book with 0 green and gold aovor, and a piotnrc with a shepherd holding a clear little lamb in hio arms. I road the book Sundays. Then ono day when I was np in Miss May's room, sho oponcd a drawer in hor desk and qavo mo a lovaly gold pencil. 1 of leu wonr it around my nook by n ribbon. Unolo Wilbur has a splondid horeo tbat ho aollo Sultan; eamotimos ho takoa ma out for a drivo on bio tall curt — ho often takoa Mian May ont. My doll iu going to a grand party noxfc vreoix ; oho will \voar a pink silk droou, and hor first train — it's going to look baautiful, and after tho party I'm going to tell Miss May nil about it. Mion May is making tho draoB ; sbo ia sitting near mo, and her oheoks aro aa rod ao roses. I think Gha oita too near tbo fire, for hor cbcsko era hardly ever so rod." " It ia warm," murmured Miaa May. oottngo by tho ceanhoro. I shall dig with olom-sbclla ia tha sand ovcry day aud build fortu. Miss May isn't cawing now cho'o rooking bersolf to nnd fro, and 00 I'll stop reading." Thon Olairo and I proeucdod to array Miss Miriam in tho party dress thai I bad jnst completed ; it set off hor blonda loveliness to perfection, and oho looked bo faeoinnting that wo folk oompsllcd to hies bcr for baing so pretty. Indeed, CIniro was to ploaood that sho cloppod hor hands with delight, nnd then pranced nil around the room, finally spriuging into my anna and nearly nmothoring mo with kisaoo. Then Mieo Yoilowtroes wira taken info the next room to mammn. I could hear Gloira'u euger voioo explaining and admiring it all, ond mamma'o oommenls ; and (ben baok tho littlo girl oamo fluttering £0 my sido liko a bird. Miriam Yollowtresa wna laid npon tho table, and then, without so ranch on " by yonr louvo," Olairo sprang into my arma and dropped hor golden head upon my shoulder. "Nowit'amy turn; Miss Miriam Ydiow- trosu has had you for 0 long tlnio. Tell mo a story, Miss May, piaasa." Bo I cold her about tho day tbnt kitty woe brought to my door in a littlo bosket — a pro- cent from a cousin or mino who wan going Bonth tot tho winter. I told hor how utrangu kitty folt nt first, nnd mowed and mowed, and oven oeratahed mo when I took her up in my or mound tried to oomfort bar. But kitty and I wora now tha bcal ot friends, and oho had torgotton to foci lonely. Then wo wont to the window end lookod out at tho rain. It dashod against tho win- dow-pano, and tbo triad shook tho trees until thoy c waved r.nd beni bsforo tho binuJ, as though trambling end afraid oi ita fury. Tho uky won lowering ; como of tho alouda waro of on inky blackness. Wo ur.t thoro until twilight onrao on, nnd still it rained. > Dou't you feoi awfully lonoly, MIdd May?" naid Olairo. " £ do. I liko to feel 00 some time:;." "What 0 funny child you nro I" I ocid. "How onn you liko to fool lonely, pet?" " Well, sobers, thee. Do tell E3 a ghost etory plosno." "Not I, sweetheart, Besidss, I don't know ono to toll, us I never reed them. Toko my ndvioo. Claire — navor liutou to ghost - stories; you mcy laugh at thcra in broad daylight, but v/beu you awake etk night thoy Hill ccasa vary diSeraai," Aotorm oiwfad fibppk bsil was mingled with ton rain, fif.tni mamma entered to room and 0xs ft>m«d : " Wny, bow dismal you both look sitting there in ths dark with yon arms around snob othir like ths babes in ths wood.'' The ohcery vmnp broke tbe spell we left tha storm to take oars of itself, I lighted the lamp with its ambcrdintsd glebe, (birred ths fire till it snappsd and Mazed op sheer, folly, draw tbo crimson omlains together, . And all w a moment our dusky romb was transformed. How dslioioujly 00 sy arid oomforiabfo it sssnied I Ciairo nod I had a rstorty time — a gay, good time — until some on earns to take my little friend away from mi. x And the dells' party ? Oh, it was a- grand snsoeas, ond, bSRt of all, Mits Yellowiress was th« bells of lbs bail. 