GOLD A?3D COAL IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Those who are interested in goll mining will once more havo their atten tion directed to the headwaters of the River BrouL'hton bv the favourable report which has been supplied by Mr. H. Y. L. Brown, the Government Geologist, relative to the gold discovery at Clare. Of tho two forks of the Broughton which run north rj-.irds through the district of Stanley tho eastern ono rises on the hills not far from Mintaro, where it will be remembered thab an important discovery of gold was made a good many months ago. Mintaro, however, is on the eastern side of the watershed of the Broughton, and the two discoveries, taken one in connection with tho other, would seem to show that a very considerable auriferous area exists to ihe west of the North Railway line ia this portion of the colony. Taking Mr. Brown's 'Record of the Mines of South Australia,' and examining the notices of all our principal goldfields it is rather remarkable to observe how persistently the gold discoveries in South Australia havo hitherto kept to tho eastward rather than to the westward of the railway line. The fact of coarse is that the railway was built to tho westward of tho Mount Lofty Range and its continua tions, and up till the present time the hills to the east have boen really tho only parts which have been thoroughly prospected for tho precious metal. The metalliferous area includes the whole of the basin of the Broughton, with the exception of the land on the last twenty miles of its course, and ic is by no means improbable that throughout this area discoveries similar to that at Clare may be made. The advice of the Government Geolo gist is that the thin silicious or quartzy ironstone aqd gossany veins which havo been found to contain gold, and from which, doubtless, the chrystalline gold picked up in alluvial wash has been derived, should be followed down on the underlay, in order to ascertain whether they die out or whether they are really leaders to some much larger and more important reefs of gold-bearing stone. It often happens that small leaders of this description, although yielding bub little gold in them selves, present a far more encouraging opportunity to tho skilful miner than reefs of much more superficial pretension and giving perhaps a hundredweight or two of surprisingly rich stone with which a sharp promoter could make a stir on 'Change. In the interests of legitimate mining, and of what may prove to be a very valuable gold-mining district, it is to be hoped that Mr. Brown's advico will be followed if there is to be any enter prise at all left in South Australia. Gold and coal would seem to the experienced miner in the great majority of cases strange bedfellows. In fact it is usually found that favourable'indications for the one are unfavourable for the other. The Government Geologist at any rate finds that this is the case at Clare, and he most emphatically warns people not to waste their efforts in looking for coal where no indications of its presence exist. While referring to this subject of coal mining in South Australia we cannot help regretting the present position of that promising industry. To lay the blame ? on the shoulders of the Direc tors of the Leigh's Creek Coal mining Company, as Mr. Frear son has done, is, however, scarcely fair. They and many others would only be too glad to make a success of tho mine in their own individual interests as well as in those of South Australia, but their chief market, as we have all along pointed out, must be looked for on railways and mines in the Uorth. For house Holders in Adelaide it is not likely that coal can be brought 374 miles by rail from the pit's mouth at prices to compete with Newcastle coal, raised cheaply at the seaboard and brought in large collier steamers to Port Adelaide. Patriotism is one thing, per rersity is another. It is worse than jseless to attempt to introduce the jatrioti; bias into a calculation which -ught to be one purely of considerations )f monetary profit or loss. The Adelaide Cit. — The Adelaide Cup, the great event of the South Aus tralian Sporting Calendar, has been won and lost, and for once the prophets, almost without exception, have established their claims to prescience. It is impos sililo to withhold admiration from these gentlemen for the way in which they discharge their important functions for tho guidance uf 1.11 intensely interested public. They we equal to any emergency. Where tho iw*st skilful of lawyers would oftentimes bo without rcs«iurca they aro most apt with thuir reasons. They can predict what will most as suredly happen, and if it does not they can satisfactorily explain why. The reason is not wholly inexplicable. They are cradled in uncertainty, and they are therefore nonplussed by nothing that turns up, racin-r being produeiive of con tingencies which no ordiuary mortal can. foresee. Seven times in a day they may fail, but if it were seventy-times seven they would still continue iheir vati cinations with a lisjhb heait, and the indulgent public would not lose fuith in them. We ;u'e not saying this in disparagement of them — far from it. Moreover, all tipsters are not to be placed in the same category, for there are some whose average of successes is high — extraordinarily high, considering how many possibilities have to be taken into account. In this in stance, as we have said, they have nearly to a man proved to be right, and the metallicians havo reason to be wail the accuracy of their prediction. To South Australians the fact is especially ?fi'iitifyinjj, for Yakeel, the winner of the Cup, is au Adelaide horse. It belongs to Mr. .lolm Crozier, tho largest owner of racehorses in the colonj'. Mi'. Crazier has been con fident of success all along, and in view of what he has done and is doing in the interests of sport in the province there is u particularfitnessinthe prize falling to him. Britannia, too, who came in aeoond, was bred in South Australia. As illustratingthe uncertainties of racing, the fact may be recalled to mind that Jericho, who this year takes the third place, gained the Cup in 1892. Apart from these considera tions tho racing itself was generally ex cellent, ancl the only mishap noeurred in tho Hurdles, one of the competing horses having the misfortune to break his neck. With -ine weather and good iields nothing but splendid sport was to be expected. There was a large .attendance, and about £11,000 passed through th« totalizator. These things illustrate how much Australians are wedded to racing and its accompaniments. Not even the cloud of industrial and financial de pression that hangs over us is sudicientto afl'ect materially the patronage given to this favourite pastime. True, the sum flnnnsifpfl in tlin tnt:i1i-/nfnv ia nlmnf £200 less than it M-as List Cup time, but it is to be remembered that the crisis through which tho colonies are nowpassing prevented many residents in the other colonies from visiting the meeting. No thing can be more certain than that Aus tralians aro as thoroughly British in their love of horseracing as they arc in their habit of backing their opinion. The state ment may be very safely hazarded, much as the fact may be deplored, that there is no class of Englishmen, from the highest to Ihe lowest, which is not addicted to this form of gambling. The average Briton is always on tlio look out for a chance to hazard. For the want of a better ©pportuuity he will even wager that the chance will present itself within a specified time. The average Australian is evidently built pretty much upon the same lines, and the man who undertakes to reform tin* altogether Ins ;i very Ing order on liaiul. Danck at Oovkhnjient IIousi:.— His Ex' -;ellency the Governor has arranged a dance 10 take place at Government Hou?e this evening. On Friday ai'lernoon there will bo n small tennis party. Homeward-hound Mail SrcAMnits.— Three large mailboats of diflforont nationalities -were appointed to sail from tho Semaphore for the old world on Wednesday. Tlie?e were tbo Australien, of the 51. M. Line, tho Orient Liner Ormuz, and the German steamer Karls ruhe, having altogether over ',00'J souls on 1 board. The Australien waa the first to Ret away, closely followed by the Ormuz. Among the passengers by the former was Mr. H. J. JJ. Munton, of Brighton, and Air. H. Oxenbain, well known in Sydney sporting circle.1'. Mr. Oxenham iB accompanied by hia family, and before leaving Sydney he was presented with an illuminated address. The Rev. W. E. Bioe and Mrs. Rice wero pasBengers by the Karls ruhe. The steamer was delayed until evening owing to some extra cargo coming to hand. During the day the anchorago presented a somewhat animated appearance, tboro being a large number of people to see friendt- olf. Redistribution op Seats.— Tho Hon. T. Playford, M.P., haa called our attention li the fact that in a leading article in Wednes day's issue a meaning was attachod to certain ' remarks made by him which he never intended them to bear. Mr. Playford repudiates ihe idea that he advocates thu division of ihe colony into districts equal in point of popula tion. Any inference of that kind which might be drawn from his speech at the Norwood Town Hall when he illustrated tho absurd anomalies of the present distribution of scats by jufe renco to the cases of East Torrens, the largest, and Encounter Ba}', the smallest, eltietorateia point of voting power, is entirely out of har mony with hi3 opinions as more fully eeb forth in subsequent addrosscs during hia rcaeut campaignasacandidatefor the Assembly, lieis in full accord with the view that extent ii territory, the nature of tho intoreste to be repressnt'jd, atd other considerations besides population have to ba talcen into account it» mapping out electoral districts. Civil Sittings. — be case of Shepherd And others v. Shepherd and Another, which was set down for tho Civil Sittings on Wednesday^ haa been adjourned till Wednesdaj', May 10. The Lai-os Bay Jetty.— Tho work of strengthening the Largs Bay Jetty as reaoui mended by the Royal Commission, which con sidered the landing of the mails question, i« proceeding apace. New pile3 are being driven in place of the old ones. The construction of mproved accommodation for landing passea gera will shortly be commenced. The Light Monument Dksi.;-w. — Tlie committee upon whom devolves the great re sponeibility of settling the question of provid ing a menument which shall sultkiently sug gest the extent of the indebtedness of citizens and colonists to the lato Colonel Ligh t for hie tact, energy, and decision in settling tbo iite of Adelaide and doing other survoy work, the results of which are now valued, threw open the Banqueting Ilall on Wednesday so that the publio might inspect the designs sub mlttC-Ci for the statue. Considering that it wae. ''Cup Day' the attendance was not bad, aagj thO COUrlesy of the Corporn.tic.q WB3 -AJJ- predated. The desitfnS fcxcited ft gG-jd dsalof favourable and adverse criticism. Cini SKiivicn Widow and Owhan Fcm —The promoters of the Civil Service Widow and Orphan Fund have received such en couragement from the service generally that they are sanguino of tho success of the pro posed scheme, and fully expect it to be in f uU swing beforo the end of the present month. An Eccentric 'Politician.' — Trunk in hand Charles Beer appeared at tbe Police Court on Wednesday morning aud paid his fine of £1 12a. for obstiucting tho footway in Pirie-street, having been found guilty of the offence on the previous day. Ha stated, how ever, that he liquidated ttio fine under * protest, and intimated hia intention of taking action against the Corporation. Having settled with tbe clerk, he proceeded to harangue a small crowd in Victoria-square, reading vehemently from a document begin ning ' TotheEditor,'andevidently intended to be presented to the newspaper oHices. It wag signed 'Charles Beer, the Australian Glad stone.' Throughout the letter reference was made to the Constitution Act, ancl to empha size his argument Mr. Beer off and on drew a ?»py of the Act from his portmanteau, and irielded it in the air to the Rmueement of thfl ;rowd# , . ' . . 230. The Fruit Isdustiit.— On Wednesday afternoon several members of the Chamber of Manufactures Coruinitteo responded to an invitation received from Mr. F. A. Pulleine to inspect samples of fruit artificially dried by him, and now on view at premises temporarily occupied for the purpose in Grenfell-streeti. The fine collection of plums was inspected, and considerable interest taken in a descrip tion of the many varieties and the difficulties to be overcome in their preparation. Mr. Pulleine stated that: the past season's experience had taught him which were the oeat plums to grow for drying purposes, and unfortunately some of the largest sorts were not suitable. It was necessary, in order to obtain good results by the machinery-drying vroceEs, to have the best of fruit to start with. Inferiority and unevenness were clearly noticeable after desiccation. It was also requisite that the frails should bo dead ripe. This point was important, a3 the unripo fruit does r.ot give the fine glossy appearance to bo aetn on the samples shown. A visitor re marked that this was unfortunate, as fruit that was left upon the trees until quito ripo would not carry so well to the drying factory, and would bo subject to ravages by. birds. The committeo thanked Mr. Pulleino for his cour tesy, Etating that his efforts were of consider able value to fruitgrowers, being a clear demonstration that many of the plums, which were last season a glut upon the market, could havo been profitably utilized, and that thiB branch of the fruit industry was cap able of considerable expansion. The visitors afterwards adjourned to the offices of MessrF. Ghaffey Brothers, Limited, where a quantity of apricots, peaches, raiains, and other frnit3 from Mildura and Renmark were on view. These fruits are prepared for market in a most attractive form, and in answer to questions Mr. Dawkins (the Secre tary) stated thai! they had been sun dried. The apricots and Sultana raisins were specially admired, and a query elicited tho information that the Mildura fruit waa nob sent to the Adelaide ma et because of a duty of 2d. par lb., and for a similar reason surplus fruit from Uenmark, if nob saleable st a profit in this colony, would probably be sent to India or Ceylon in pre ference to the other coionie3— another proof in the opinion of the majority of tho gentlemon present that a great want of tho fruit industry is intercolonial free trade. Tiu: Late Mu. R. B. i-'iusFX-We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. Robert Brown Fraser, Manager in Adolaido of the firm of Sands & McDougall, Limited, stationers and printers, at the age of 5l» years. The deceased had been ailing for about fovir months, and on Wednesday morning, May 3, he quietly passed away at his residence, Eidge Park, Glen Osmond. Mr. Frasor left his native land (Scotland) at an early age, and travelled to Victoria, whore ho resided for over 23 year?. He there worked up to tho top of the tree m Messrs. McDougall's establishment, and was for - Borne years a partner in the firm with Messrs. J. and D. McDougall. When Mr. J). McDougall died the firm was changed into a Limited Company, and .Mr. Fraeer was then appointed as Manager of the Adelaide business. Ho had charge of the business in this colony for ten years, and dur ing that time it has grown extensively, and the firm are well known as large Government contractors in their special lines. The late Mr. Fraser leaves a widow, two daughters, and four sons. Tho funeral will not take place until Friday, so as to cnablo the members of the firm and several friends to arrive from Melbourne. Y.M.C.A. LKCTURE3.— The Key. H. W H\\.rtvil', M.A., who spent some time in Japan, is announced to lecture at the Victoria Hall to-night on ' A Japanese Patriot, or the story of Joseph Neesima,' a pioneer in introducing western civilization into Japan, and who died in 1SS!) at tho ago of forty five. A largo number of tickets ha\ e been applied for. His Honor the Chief Justice will preside. Xew jfltrsrc— We are indebted to the com poser fora copy of a new song entitled 'In Distant Years,' written by Anthony E. Brett, B.A., set to music by Eille Norwood, and published by Cocks & Co., of London. It is of the .sentimental class, its theme being Bimilar to that of tho popular 'Strangers' Yet.' Its treatment, however, ia very different. It ia not likoly to linger on the memory on a first hearing, a3 ia the case with that elegant melody, but it has peculiar merits of its own, and such as are likely to be better appreciated as it 13 better known. It consists of three stanzas. Tho first and third arc in C major and tho second in A flat major. The melody is characterized by much earnest ness and expressive force, and the composer has Boughb to emphasize it by doubling the leading passages alternately with the right and left hand accompaniments. It can be obtained at Woodman's, and may be sung by a soprano or tenor voice of moderate range. The piano accompaniment is easy. . Amateur Photography.— The ranks of amateur artists contain at intervals few and far between real enthusiasts who know some thing about whab they are doing, and their productions are therefore acceptable. Mr. S. J. Dailey, who has, so to speak, been sun struck as far as photography is concerned, has ehown ua several really good photographs taken by him while en a visit to Victoria. One i'b an excellent: picture of the fine statue 'The Flight from Pomixsii,' in Ballarat. He baa also a photograph of our own il Hercules' in Victoria-square, taken juab after sunset, and the tone is very soft. In both all the fine d tails are shown with remarkable clearness. He has also done some landscapes, which are highly creditable to an amateur. Preskrved (Jajie.— Mr. J. J. Spsncer, o' Goolnn, has sent us some Epeoimen tins con r.i'ning preserved teal, widgeou, and black duck, and ragout of wild duck and wild goose. TliPi-e di-lioacie*, prepared and pre served on the lake-*, where an almost; inex haustible supply of gr.ini- can bo obtained in the season, are gradually finding their way into consumption and are well spoken of by ?:onnoisseurp. Tho process of preservation is much the same as that adopted in tho tinning of meat. The birds are cleaned, placed in the tins, and cooked, and tho tins having been her metically sealed are ready for convey anco b- marked. Judging by the general character of the samples forwarded to ua tho quality is excellent, and the game thii3 prepared ready for the table Bhould become a popular article of diet. In starting tho industry Mr. Spencer has supplied a long- felt want, and in tho prosecution of it we wish him every success. Convalescent Hospital, St. Maiusaket's, Semaphore. — The committee met at the Church Office on Tuesday, May 2. Present— Dr. Wylde (in tho chair), Mesdame3 Hartley, Harcus, Hart, R. J. E. Warburton, G. A. Connor, and H. D. O'Halloran, Miss Williams, and Mr. E. M. Ashwin. The month's accounts, nmounting to £Gl 2s. 10d., were passed for payment. The following gifts for tho month were thankfully acknowledged :— Magazines from Mrs. Kennion, Mrs. A. Drummond, and JJr, Wvlde, two pictures from Mrs: Hartley, pair of cnutob.eS from M^ Mw&'treitfem »» -» tt ? u — J - '.MWArfc l-v tliA 'TOiM. i-irs. B. xiariu.i., uuu a t«,_. _ ? ing Workers.' The admissions for tho month were eighty-three, and the discharges eighty three. Military Lecture.— On Wednesday evening Colonel Gordon delivered a military lec ture in the Noncommissioned OfHceis' Club. Mr. T. Scherk, M.P., presided. There was a large audience, including several Staff officers. With tho aid of a map Colonel Gordon described the elaborate and instructive manoeuvres carried oub in Germany some little time ago with ball cartridge. Having made himself thoroughly familiar with the contour of the country a3 mapped, he carefully and clearly pointed out the disposi tion of the artillery aud infantry, and the object and effect of the various mamcuvres which were on a largo strategical scale. The lecture, which was very technical, wa3 listened to with careful attention, and all the points were followed by those present as the lecturer dealt with each phase of the mimio battle, and showed the value and usefulness of each branch of the service. It was also shown how completely the Germans conducb their system of military training. Colonel Gordon left the excellent map for the non- commissioned officers to study and work out. University Shaksfeare Society. — Tho Hon. Secretary {Mr. J. Moss Solomon) has prepared a most interesting r^sumd of the work of this Society for the ninth sessio i. We make the following extracts :— ' The ladies are the baekbono of tho Society, and go to great trouble to thoroughly procure the characters for which they are cast, and I think that tho majority of our members appreciate their efforts in this direction. The Society has this year increased the load of obligation, and the deep debt of gratitude it owes to Mr. Wyberb Reeve, who on no less than three oeeasion3'has oome forward to assist us, giving- at the open ing meeting a programme of readings and reci tation.', later a lecture on celebrated Shak epemn actors and actresses from the time of Elizabsth down to the present day, whilst he also lent his very valuable assistance on the occasion of tho annual public meeting held in October. The lectures and papers read havo been far above the average, notably that on ' Ben Jonson,' by Professor Boulger ; 'Hamlot,' by Mr. Kesbit; 'A Command Night ab' Hamilton Court,' by Hon. J. H. Gordon ; and others, while the scholarly lecture by Mr. Glynn on 'Criticism and Culture,' although the last, was far from the least. A new departure may bo noticed in many of theEe addresses, which deal not so rnuoh with Shakspearo himself as with subjects which give us a better conception of his environment and contemporaries, douotless leading to a better conception both of the man and his works. At the beginning of tho 3ession, at my earnest request, the Rev. A. T. Boas repeated hia well-known lecture on 'Shylock,' which lost nothing through nob being quite new. Miss Spence also delivered a lecbure on ' Who Wrote Shakspeare,' which was followed by a very interesting, though perhaps disappointing debate. The financial position of the Society is still in a satisfactory condition, the receipts for the year having been £21 10a., against an expenditure of £1!) 13s., leaving a credit balance of £1 lfs., against whioh there are a few outstanding accounts.' Mr. Solomon makes several suggestions in regard to the future of the Society, and advocates the estab lishment of a Shakspearian library and the inauguration of reading circles on a similar plan to, or in connection with the Australasian Home-reading Union. A Victim ok Ti-:iit-lacing.— The circum stances of the sudden death of Isabella Catherine Lamb at East Richmond Railway Station on Saturday (says the Anjus) engaged tlie attention of tho Coroner for Bourke, Mr. Candler, at the Morgue on Monday. The deceased, who was about twenty-one years of age, resided with her parents at 10, Gibdon Etreefc, Burnley. Sho had tea on Saturday night at i- o'clock, and lefc immediately after wards to go by train to East Richmond. She entered the 7.3 train, and was then apparently in good health, but before East Richmond was reached ehe became suddenly ill, and asked that a doctor should be brought as soon as the train stopped. Ono of the passengers sup ported her till Ea3t Richmond Station was reached, and then, having placed her in the charge of some ladies, hurried to the residence of Dr. Duigan, whom ho found at home. The doctor hastened to tho station, and found that the girl was still alive, though sinking fast. Htr corsets were so tight) that they could not be loosened without being cut. This was done, but the young woman died almost immedi ately afterwards. The post-mortem, examina tion showed thab death was due to syncope, consequent upon much exertion after a hearty meal, added to the ill effects of tight-lacing. A verdict to this effect was recorded. Ccres for Sjurxvox. — A correspondent sends us the following extracts containing directions to effect cures in cases of smallpox : — 'A correspondent cf the Stockton Herald (America) gives the following as a cure for smallpox : — ' I herewith append a recipe which has been used to Jiy knowledge in hundreds of case?. It will prevent or cure smallpox, even though the pittings are filling. When Jennc-r discovered the cowpox in England the world of science hurled an avalanche of fame on his head, but when the most scientific school oi medicineinthe world— thatof Paris— published this recipe as a panacea for smallpox it passed unnoticed. It is as unfailing as fate, and con quers in every instance. It is perfectly harmless when taken by a well person. It will also curd scarlet fever. Here is the recipe as I have used it, and cured many children of scarleb fever. Here it is as I have used it to cure smallpox when the learned physicians said the patient muBt die : — Sulphate of iine, 1 grain ; foxglove (digitalis), 1 grain ; 1 half a teaspoonful of sugar; mix with two table spoonfuls of water. When the above has been thoroughly mixed add 4 oz. of water ; take a teaspoonful every hour. Either diseases will disappear in twelve* hours. For a child smaller doses, according to age. If countries would compel physicians to use this there would be no pesthouses. IE you value advice and expe rience use this for that terrible scourge.'' From tho Liverpool Mercury:— 'A corres pondent says—' I am willing to risk my repu tation as a public man if the worib case of smallpox cannot be effectually cured in three days, simply by cream of tartar. This is the euro and never- failing remedy— One ounce of cream of tartar dissolved in a pint of boiling water, to be drunk when cold at short intervals. It can be taken at any time, and is a preven tive as well as a curative. It is known to have cured in a hundred thousand cases withoub a failure. I have myself restored hundreds by thiB means. It never leaves a mark, never causes blindness, and always prevents todioua lingering. If the people would only try it and report all the cures to yoa you would require many columns if you gave them publicity.'' Postaci: Stamp Collections.— An eatimte has been made by the London Philatelist of the extent and value of existing postage-stamp collections, based in great part upon an actual census taken for the purpose The conclusion arrived at is that the 115 mombers of the London Philatelic Society resident in this country possess collections of the total market value of £!l'o,000. Tho collections out of Great Britain are- put down at £100.000. Hence it appears that tho home and birth pl.i-ju of the systPin of prepayment of postage by st:un))3 takes, ;ts no doubt it ought to do, the lead in stamp- collecting enterprise. Social at Southwauk.— - -n Tuesday even ing at the Southwark llotel a complimentary social was tendered to the newly elected mem bers for the district (Messrs. T. H. Brooker Rnd '. F. Hourican) and the Hon. W. A. Robinson, M.L.C. Mr. Cheston, tho Chair man of the local Union, presided. After the usual toasts Councillor l-oland proposed 'The Newly Elected Members.' He heartily con gratulated the members on their election. Their succees was greatly due to tho unanimity of the working men, and to the energetic way in which they had worked together. Messrs. Brooker, Hourigan, aud Robinson thanked them for their kind expression of congratula tion. During the evening a successful pro grammo of music and recitations was carried through. Mr. Pelzer presided ab the piano, and each of the members contributed recita tions. Messrs. E. Menhennet, P. Allen, J. Tully, and F. Hourigan also sang. The meeting closed with hearty cheers for the new members. An Kvknix.t with Dickens.— On Tuesday evening ay instructive and interesting lep^ro S'?8 EU'efil??,$& A. pdfferg&'theTEgJii'TQVfa literary oociety ana trienas. xne lecturer treated his audience, among other items, to an account of Toby Areck in the Chimes and Scrouge and Marley's Ghost. During the evening Miss Burgess, the prize winner ac the late Band of Hopo contest, played the prize piece, which was much appreciated. A vote of thanks to tho lecturer brought a pleasant evening to a close. Sr. ' John's Mission Church. — This Church, situated in Moore-street. Adelaide, will bo consecrated by Bishop Kennion ab 10 o'clock this morning. Tho sermon will be preached by the Ven. Archdeacon Dove, M.A. London Missionary Society.— The Revs. T. Lord and J. King will address a meeting at Port Adelaide this evening m connection with the South Australian Auxiliary of tho London Missionary Society. 