gUnusemcnis. THEATRE ROYAL. '•TSIK BELLS." This is the soft-souadiag title of a pieca tha notes of which are at timet jangled and harsh, and to which the rugged term " psychological" has been applied. There is a pretty promis» of sentiment in tho name left unfulfilled in the action ; in facs " The Bella" is a drama with a touch of " Ibsenity" in it, giving ua as it does eo much of the secret swayings of the Boul, tha fluctuations of a morbid mind, and the motive: lor uncommon action, the principal character heicg one in which lleurik Ibsen would have levelled. As played on Saturday night by the Bentley Company to a full and somewhat surprised house it created a profound sensation, nrd furnished anothur sampl« of the astonishing versatility aud wide rauge of the t&lented; actor. As a lifs-picturo aud I'erformance Mr. Bentley's powerful impersonation of the burgomaster Matthias is one which rould be placed side by side in a special niche in the memory with Mr. Charles Warner's wonderful Coupeau, which will naver be forgotten by Adelaide playgoers. It is almost equally nerve-straining and distinctive, although on such different lines. As a psychological study it ranks high, and is one of those strong, deeply impressive creations of the playwright which one would not care to miss, but would prefer not to see again, like Coupeau, who is a character to make an indelible impression and repel at the same time. He who would want more than one night of Matthias or Coupeau would be an intellectual glutton. The central figure in ''The Bells" is Matthias. The rest of the characters have very little more significance than Bapling* round a gum tree. It i3 upon Matthias that tho attention of the house is fixed. He excites interest and sympathy hy his strong nature, t he deep affection he has for his daughter and her betrothed, his masterful manner in his household, his genial bearing towards hia neighbours, and the frightful mental agony ha suffers when the mysterious murder of the Polish Jew, whom he killed, robbed, and burnt in a limekiln fifteen years before, is referred to, but more especially when the tortured soul writhes under the lash of fear and remorse when he thinks he hears the sleigh-bells of hie victim. Mr. Bentley was splendid in depicting all these varying emotions ; the awful horror of Matthias when his diseased imagination conjures up the sound of those terror - burdened bells was a great piece of acting, in which the working of the face and the nervous movements of hands and body spoke as eloqueutly as the wild torrent of wcrds which relieved the pent-up agony of the murderer's quivering soul. Matthias exhibits more fear than remorre for tha deed v.hi?h has made him wealthy and honoured. Though cob a common assassin and robber there is little cobility in the bold, bad man, and jet he is not apparently a coward; at least physical courage is no5 wanting. In fact the study as presented by Mr. Bentley is fascinating^ as well as piizzliDg, though tl.3 character is not a pleasant one to see developed. It is in by-play that the actor is so singularly artistic, and thtreis plenty of scopefor it in Matthias. The scene where Matthias see3 in a vision the murder committed, and the last act where he dreams of his own trial hushed the house with the terrible realism of the acting, and the final 6cene of his death brought forth one of the strongest bursts of applause we have heard in the Royal for some time. Without tuch a powerful impersonation of the central character "TheBel's" would fall flit indeed. The drawing of the figures is sketchy and commonplace. Annette, the daughter of Matthias, played by Miss Vivienc.?, is merely a prpttv village maid; Christian Beiue (ilf. H. R. Roberts), his son-in-law, a conventional, manly, Eoldierly lover ;'Catherine (JIis3 Kate Eivhop), wife of Matthias, colourless; Father Walter and Father Hans, simple amusing village gossips; and the rest of the dramatis personx neither bettsr nor worse. The first act opened rather drearily, but the burgomaster scon put vigorous life into the story. The Court scene in the last act was very exciting as far as Matthias was concerned, bat tie legal proceedings were just the reverse, end were made the more so by the lugubrious toneE of one personage, who seemed to have struck a style which was a cross between the ghost of Hamlet's father an i a Salvation Army Eoldier telling his experiences. This was not bettered by the dismal drawl of the Judge, and it was a relief when the phantom Court adjourned. " The Bells" was preceded by an amusieig farce, "The Silent Woman," with Miss Fraser as the heroine, Marianne Sandford, Mr. E. B. Russell as Mr. Saudford. and Mr. H. Hill as Arthur Merton. The Bulls" will be repeated to- night. 