'(Ehe ^hdrkr. SOME KOCTHKRN BEASTS. ONI1EH WUJJI; HKAT1 A HF. I\OU:DK» T11B ABOItlul^ES or Ti!!-: COL T A'T11 V. [liv SJ For classing the blackfoliow with the Xolotbariidis, of which group our dear diprotodon is a distinguished member, I have this excuse—that if ho is not extinct he soon will be, and th.it lusnv writers, both pa=t a,rid present, have classed hiin as a beast. When yoa add to that time-worn summing-up of a savage, "manners—none, customs—beastly," that ho is without records of the past or hope for the future, too stupid to invent improvements on his own account or adopt those of others, you have something very like the popular idea of him. The early voyagers to this southern land of ours always bad a low opinion of him. He bad a stupid idea in his Eavage head that if strangers came tbey would literaily. " spoil sport,' 1 and fought for it like a savage, killing so many Dutch mariners, who only came to spy out the laud, and virtuously appropriate wimtcvr valuable commodities mignt be about {see instructions cf the Dutch East India Company to one Ab&l; Jaaaen Tasniau) that they gave up the attempt in disgust. Always insensible to the beauties of civilization, and unlike the far superior Red Indian, who meskly submitted to a Dutchman's foot as standard weight for 1 lb. in the weighing of skins, and the African, whose "mighty mind" admits cheap toys and flimsy cotton as legal tender for skin?, ivory, produce, and labour, th» Australian black would not trade, beads and tinsel evoked no enthusiasm in his uncultured bosom. He would not work, or who knows to what dimensions the Australian slave trade might not bave attained ? Daiupier tells us an instance of hopeless stupidity, how, one hot day, he tried to persuade some, blacks to carry kegs of water to the boats, offering ill payment clothes "so old as to be quite useless," and how those blaoks only stood and grinned. For these and other reasons of a liko nature divers grave navigators wrote him down a fool, and many subsequent writers down to the present day have written "ditto" under that description, which is, when you come to think of it, extremely eatisfactory, for being euch a fool it is quite right he should be superseded, his extinction only anticipating an inevitable step in the evolution of man kind, and it ia rather a shock when one has comfortably settled down in this opinion to learn that this unlessoned and degraded savsge is not without some eemblance of as intellect, has even got the better cf a white man now and then; has a language strangely ample for such a savage, laws of a kind and enough organization to put them in force— even to a sort of Trial by Jury ; also some dim legends of the past, absurd of oourse, telling how Moora-Toooia made little black lizards, which afterwards developed into blackfeliows; or how Wyungare went up to VVyirravarre by climbing up a rope attaohed to a spear stuck in the sky; or how gigantic kangaroos and other big beasts flourished here the pist. He has his superstitions too, so some folks tell us, some dim idea of an after life, and a very real belief in ghosts, witchcraft, and general sorcery. A little while ago such beliefs would have stamped him as a very benighted savage indeed, but now they bring hiin up to date. His sorcery, bone-strike, or death spell, becomes hyouotio suggestion. The story of Wyungare's ascent skywards is a version of the Indian ropo trick seen and described by many respectable witnesses, but never as yes explained. As for tho doctors who call down spirits—sometimes to the number of ten—to assist and advise in the treatment of a difficult) case, what are thoy bat mediums'! The subsequent flight upwards of dootor and spirits together is an example of levitation,"that strange phenomenon which is still puzzling the spiritualistic world. In short, his muchderided ghosts behave in much the same way as the fin-de-siecle spooks, beloved of the Psychical Society, as Andrew Lang shows, with his usual erudition in an article on "Comparative Psychical Research" in the Contemporary Review. But this is not all, nob only does literature unexpectedly acknowledge him, but science, too, must pat him on the back, find tha big beasts, or something very like them, and prove him a true prophet, or rather historian, after all; for though the diprotodon is said to be more like an overgrown wombat with a touch of the elephant about) him, and of decidedly amphibious habits, instead of, as was at first supposed, a veritable giant kangaroo, who knows whit else may have been hidden in the oozy bosom of Lake Mulligan? There are eight big Australian beasts known to science in a distant sort of way. You can't be exactly fauiiiiar with a fellow when you have enly seen a fragment or eo of hie skull. Who knows what tuey may turn out to be on closer acquaintance! There is, for instance, the Sciparaodon, who—to speak vulgarly — has iust epeiped oblivion "by the ekra of his teeth," two upper and two lower front teeth being all that has yet been found of him—just enough to class him by, always supposing that they were not false; the fact that it is said that they have not, up to the present time, been found attached to a jaw is, it must be confessed, suspicious. Anyhow, there is plenty of room for speculation concerning the rest of him, and. besides, who knows what else may turn up there or elsewhere ? Perhaps even a bunyip, gigantic boast, of a build too strange to enter the mind of any but a eavage or a scientist—for its head was the head of an emu, with a long bill set at the end. with eaivlike teeth, its body that of an alligator. Us hind legs thick and very strong, its forelegs much longer aha armed with formidableulawe. When in the water it swam like a frog, on land it walked on its hind legs, with its head erect, and measured twelve or thirteen feet in height when in that position. It frequented watercourses, grabbing its prey with its strong claws, and hugged them to death. Such was the description given by a Victorian black about fifty years ago, when, as now, bones, or rather one bone, was exercising the mind of the fortunate findprs. It was found on the shores of Lake Timboon, westward of Lake Colac, and was described by iho Geelong Advertiser as "apparently the head of tibia, or lower joint of the knee ; the articulating surface is as distinct and complete as if the bone had never undergone the petrifying process: the fracture where the shank of the bone has been broken is also very little changed in appearance, and displays the double channels of medullary mattor which are peculiar to the tibia. The dimensions of this fragment of a bone are of the most colossal nature, measuring as it does ten inches across the front of the kneejoint {in diameter, not in circumference). The thickness from the front to the baok, however, is not in proportion to the widtb, and it has not the roundness of the same bone in ordinary animals." The writer goes on to disclaim sufficient geological or anatomical knowledge "to offer any opinion as to the description of animal, of which tho bone at one time formed a part," but " an intelligent black" to whom it was shown had no such scruples, he at once recognised it as belonging to the "bunvip," which he declared ho had seen. On being requested to make a drawing of it he did so without hesitation. Tho bone and the picture were tlion^hown separately to different blaoks, who hid no opportunity of communicating with eaoh other, and tiioy one and all recognised the bone and picture an belonging to the "bunyip." repeating the name without variation. One declared that hn knew where tlw whole of t.hu bones of one animal were to be found ; another stated that his mother was killed by ou« of them at the Barwon Lakes within a few .tiiles of Geelong, and thai another woman was killf-d on the very spot whore the punt crosses the Barwon at South Gee'ong. The moet direct evidence of all was that of Muinbororan, who showed several deep wounds in lr's breast made by the claws of the animal. Does this fearsome beast still lurk in lonely waterholes, coming up to bask in the sun on hot days, but sinking again at the slightest sound, or was the portrait overcoloured by fear and a livelv imacination, and the original, like Big JJsn in Brunton Stephens's poem— •Tnst what yon liur call, lake hi:n for ri'I in all, An a o : \ Thero was a similarity of tastes at all events. For Bail lnvsil al! <>:ir rice, iiotb saint ami sinner; If he hail had liis way. He would have hrmipht each day Ouu home for iiinuer. However, it is not safe in these days to be too positive, as Charles Kingsley very seusibly points out " not seeing a thing existing" is a very different thing from "sesinjt it not existing." l'urn up a work on palieontology, and you will find queerer beasts than the bunyip. Besides, queer beasts have been found not only dead but living. It is aggravating to think of opportunities thrown away on peoole unable to appreciate them, as, for "instance, a man in Western Australia who saw what he thought was a pig in his garden, but finding it to be a totally unknown animal, killed it, chopped off its head, which he threw away, and put the body across the doorway to startle his family. What it was science will never know, it may have bean one of those strange animals which so sadly worried "Cantharides P. Eoebuok, late of the steamboat Arakoon." "I took the things on board as pigs,"he tells his restive but helpless listener. "I took the thintson hoard as pigs, As pips I signed for them, I passed an entry on tlieni—pigs. Pigs, see, from starn to stem." "wai, wal; I little guessed that they Wonld play it. down so low- Was them consignments pi;»s? Was them things pigd or 110 ?' No doubt on this point troubles him till he gets the said "consignments" down to buv — and a butcher came on board to "" 'ale Sowed on, !:is Clival |i?s.,j " Alii aint ilu.H j>i Was. I'KUlHl 1 bi 1 a'Tv. \- trieil my itvel 19 WaS g ° ae * Tlie pints lie took r-ill'-.s. As the said " pints" may be of inters f^ scientific readers, I take the libert y of 3 g Brunton Stephens' poem at some len;>r ;V_1 But 'rept a kinder curous smile That squintin' oidii't mend, An' ail appealing way t j]0y had Of settin' up on end. An' cept .about, the auout a tecto Of IVattve Porkypine, I couldn't see the reason why That parcel wasu't svrine. When two more butchers have inspected the parcel, aad the last, a "trusted friend," has indicated the points he takes amies in this work— " Cmi&liarides; P., it seems to ine, Them !>ettitoes is claws," the skipper's feelings are too much for him, and he faints away. Returning to consciousness he determines to have his doubts set at rest once for all— "Go, fetch uie a zefrologist™ I thundered, a* I rose, " J.et's se= whatlarned science makes Of theui air pettitoes." "Larned Science" in the shaDB of a taxidermist is brought on board by main force and handsomely feed— "Sez. I then," as he Btooped and spread II is hands upon his knees, "Illustrious 7-ew-oIoRist, What articles air these ?" A wild surprise lit up his eyes As tliro'jgll llis sp^cs he blinked; " Dear uie!" sez lie, *• I always thought That jrnfiins ivera extinct."' This very guarded opiuion does not seem to satisfy Cantbarides P. He pitches the whole consignment overboard, and spends the rest of his existence in a search for zoological information— I ask tlie sra, I ask the sky. I ask it Msii and low, " Was them ait* shipments pigs. Was thr.m things pigs or no?" Perhaps if he will drop into our museum byand-by, he may come across something to set his mind at res ton this vexed subject. 