One Hundred Dollars. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. WHEN Saturday was over and Mr. and Mrs. Vrank- lin were alone by themselves in the clean kitchen, sitting beside the stove, Mrs. Vranklin arose, went into her bedroom and brought out a bundle of clothes. " I want you to look at these things, Jeremiah " she said, mildly. " What are they ?" said he. She spread them out on the floor. "That is my best dress," she said. "Those are my best shoes. That is the only bonnet I`ve got in the world but my calico sun-bonnet, and that is my Sunday shawl." She uttered the words quietly and waited. " Well ? said Mr. Vrankin, still smoking. " Well ?" she answered. He said nothing. She gathered up the garments with a look of disdain and piled them on a chair. " You're a rich man," she said.° "Rich, for a farmer. You are sixty, and I fifty, years old. Our boys are married. I haven't had any money to spend for five years. I`m a sight to behold. If I were a servant I should get wages and not have to beg. No, I done beg, Jeremiah. Since you don`t offer it yourself, I`m going to tell you that I want money. I want a hundred dollars to buy me some new clothes to feel decent and comfortable in. I`m destitute. I'm really destitute. Why, I`m out of flannel ! My calico gowns are patched at the elbow. My shoe heels are twisted. I can`t go to church any more, for I`ve turned my black silk twice and the back breaths upside down. I've washed my bonnet ribbons. Well I`ve done all I could rather than ask for what you didn`t offer, and there`s no need. You`re well to-do. I want to be decent and take a little comfort while I can. I must. There, now ! It my right !" She had spoken her mind, and Mr Vrankin felt that a climax had arrived. He had " laid by " a large sum. He was growing old and had no need to pinch, but the awful demand for a hundred dollars all in a lump was too much for him. He had become used to Eva Maria's quiet way of mending her old clothes and asking for no money, and it had never occured to him that she would come down upon him like this at some time. He stared silently and puffed across the stove the smoke of the cheap tobacco he burnt in a common corn- cob pipe. The old rag-carpet was clean. The old chairs was mended with carpet bottoms. It was all tidy, but nothing was new. Nothing pretty but the scarlet geraniums in their big pots on the window-sill. He had given his wife very little in their thirty years of married life ; for all the furniture was his mother's, and she had helped him make his fortune, selling butter, and eggs, and cheese and flower roots, feeding the hands cheaply and well, weeding vegetables and even riding the mowing machine, now and then—though not very lately. Con- science told him that he ought to pull from his vest- pocket the crisp hundred-dollar-note he had received that morning for some hay, at the landing, and say : " Here, Eva Maria, why didn't you speak before ?" But when greed takes possession of the heart of man, it holds on him like a leech. All he said, after the silence had remained unbroken for some minutes, was : " Well, Eva, Maria, I'll think it over." To some women there is no agony like asking a husband for money. While some are always crying: "Give! Give ! never content, never reasonable, others will go with ragged shoes until the masculine eyes discovers the fact. They want a love-gift, not alms. Generally they have to ask at last. The happy wife feels no such tribulation. *' All that is mine is thine," has been said to her by word and deed too often, but where doubt of love lies the heart grows proud. Eva Maria had nerved herself at last in the misery of her shabbiness to make the speech above recorded, but it seemed a fearful thing to do. She little guessed that [s]he had frightened Jeremiah almost out of his senses. "A hundred dollars," he said to himself. "She must know what I've got about me. She must mean to have it. Fifty now, I'd give. But a hundred ! I'll get the money changed and give her fifty." He opened the door of the passage, crossed it, and went into the parlour. It was a cold, neat place, kept sacred for great occasions. It had a grate in it, but it was doubtful if a fire would be lighted there that winter. It had been inconvenient to take it down that summer, so fringed pink paper bad been arranged between the polished bars and the rug drawn across the hearth. Photographs of several members of the family hung by red cords from the wall, dotted muslin with neatly fluted ruffles covered the green paper blinds. A dish of wax fruit covered by a glass shade, ornamented the centre- table, and the horsehair furniture had been so little used in two generations that it looked almost new. The vases on the mantel were old-fashioned blue ware, for which a china worshipper would have paid a great price. They had been brought from Canton by a sailor grand uncle, long since dead, though he lived to see ninety- nine years. Between the windows was a '' column " looking-glass in which Mr. Vranklin's grandmother had seen her girlish face in an immense white-silk poke- bonnet; still preserved in a " bandbox " up in the garret. A little moonlight stole through the lower panes of the room and made all things quite plain to the owner' accustomed eyes. He tried to think in a hurry, and, being a slow man, grew very much confused. Eva Maria should have fifty dollars, but she had said she had a right to a hundred. If he gave her the bill in his pocket, she would spend it. It was Saturday even- ing, he could not get it changed that night—no, not un- til Monday. If he locked it up, she would know and take it out, perhaps, and do as she pleased with it. She had declared her "right "to it. Eva Maria, humblest of the humble, meekest of the meek, had spoken so ! Could it be? " This comes ol these here strong-minded meetin's," said Mr. Vranklin. This was not logical, for Mrs Vranklin had not attended one. " Women used to be biddable. They are kicking over the traces now. Nobody—" soliloquised Mr Vranklin, growing more and more ungrammatical with his wrath— " nobody ain't goin' to ride over me, 'specially a wife of mine. I must hide the money until I can change it She might look into my pockets. She said she had a right to it, and she looked determined." At this moment he heard a movement in the kitchen. He believed it to be his wife about to come in search of him, and tried to think faster. The vases ! Should he hide the note there ? No ; there were still some asters in the garden, and Eva Maria might fill the vases with bouquets, as she some- times did on Sunday afternoons, setting them for the nonce on the kitchen mantel. No, the vases would not do. The ingrain carpet was lacked down tight, the — Surely there was a step in the passage ! The grate ! There, under the fringed paper, it might lie safely all night. He drew his pocket-book from his bosom and stuffed it between two loose bricks at the back of the grate. The pink fringes of the paper concealed it. All was safe. He creaked across the passage into the kitchen with a consciousness of great meanness in his heart. Mrs. Vranklin, having executed her terrible intention, had taken flight to her bedroom, where she sat in the cold with a little shawl over her shoulders, trembling. He said something aloud about seeing Jones about those pigs, and fled the house, and the two held no more con- versation until breakfast time. Then Mr. Vranklin, with unusual piety, went to church, while his wife stayed at home to cook dinner, no one else being at hand to do it. Just as the beef was so far done that she could open the oven doors, there came a knock upon the door, and opening it she saw upon the porch her cousin Brown and the minister. Church was out, and Cousin Brown had brought the reverend gentleman to his friend to to dine. Mrs. Vranklin received both hospi- tably, and hastened to usher them into the parlour. The yellow artemisias shone bravely in the big blue vases. Mr. Vranklin had been wise not to hide his money there, but it was cold—very cold. " I'll light a fire," said the good woman. " It won't take a minute. It's the first fire of the season, or I'd have the grate fixed." She tucked the paper down into the grate, the easiest way to get rid of it, piled on wood and placed the scuttle ready. As she struck the match, she gave a little cry, and repressed it instantly. The flames blazed up merrily and roared behind the blower. When Mr. Vrankin returned, the blower was down, and the two men were warming their feet at a compact mass of red coal. He looked at his Eva Maria. Her cold, composed, New-England face, with its high nose and close-shut month, betrayed no emotion. "She don't know what she has done," he said to himself ; but he did. The ghost of that hundred dollars stared at him from the embers. He could not talk, he could not compose himself. Cousin Brown opined that he was not well. The minister remarked " that in the midst of life we are in death," and seemed to prophesy his funeral. It was not a gay dinner, but then it was Sunday. That night, Mrs. Vranklin missed her spouse from his bed [S]he went to look for him and found him poking in the ashes of the dead fire with the tongs. He looked up with a very red face. "I don't think these here coals kin be good," he said, confusedly. " Did you get up in the night to look at them," she asked. He made no answer, and returned to bed. Next morning his wife again attacked him. " Have you thought that matter over," she asked. Indeed he had, and it had occurred to him that Pro- vidence had prepared a special judgment for him, in destroying that money. He felt that his wife had spoken the truth. She had a right to decent clothes. She who had served him so well for so many years. "I've thought it over, Eva Maria," he said, and arose and went to his desk, a queer old-fashioned one built in the house-wall. When he returned he brought with him a blank cheque. " Get what you like, my dear," he said, " and get it nice. Fill the cheque up just as you please." He had not called her " my dear," for years. She smiled up at him very gently ; tears were near her eyes. However, she used the cheque to dress herself com- fortably. It was the first time for many years that she had indulged in the luxury of shopping freely. At night he met her at the depot, loaded with parcels tired, but smiling. He had not seen her so bright for many a day. After tea that night they sat together beside the stove as before, and she looked at him in a peculiar way. " You didn't seem to feel cheerful Sunday afternoon, Jeremiah," she remarked. " What ailed you." "I don't want to tell you," he answered. " But I'll tell you," she said. " You thought I burned the pocket-book you hid in the grate. I didn't." She put her hand into her work-basket and drew it out intact, with the money in it. " I was just in time," she said. " But I understood at once when I saw it sticking between the bricks. If you hadn't given me the cheque I should have spent the money. There's a confession for you, Jeremiah !" He looked at her, half angry, half astonished. She arose and put her hands on his shoulders. " But I should never have enjoyed wearing them." she said. " I should have hated them, I think. These that I bought to-day, with your free gift, I shall love while there's a rag of them left." The man looked at her with a feeling that a strange revelation of feminine human nature had been made to him, but all he said was : " Why, Eva Maria, I want to know !" and he drew her down upon his knee and kissed her. To RENOVATE PLATE GLASS.—Many people will be glad to know that it is possible to take the scratches out of plate glass when the scratches are slight, and the plate glass polished at the same time. Procure some of the finest flour emery, put it in a jug with water, stir rigorously, and pour out into another jug after a second or two. The coarse particles will remain in the first jug. The contents of the second must be allowed to settle, which will take some hours ; then run through filtering paper after removing the bulk of the water, and the precipitate is a powder which will remove the scratches. Apply with the finger, a bit of good cork or felt. That will leave the glass cloudy, but the polish can be brought up by a paste of jeweller's rouge and water, rubbed on with finger or cork as before. If very fine results are required, the rouge is washed like the emery, and only the impalpable powder employed. 