MAORMND HO! l-COP FRIGHT.) N atures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER VIII.—CONTINUED. BY ATE A WESTBURY* H. man can slide into ruin if l«e is bent upon ifc just as easily as a lad can pass down a smooth plank after the manner of a monkey. My friends introduced me to a money lender, who, for a consideration, took my note of hand, and supplied me with what cash I wanted. Luck was against me always. It mattered not with whom I played ; the loans I received melted away like wax. Oue day I received a stern, peremptory letter from my father, commanding me to return home. I paid no heed, but went my own wild, sinful way to ruin. How did the end come ? It seems to me now only as the remembrance of some horrid nightmare when I try to disentangle confused phantasmagoria. I know I had been drinking heavily—drink in any shape had hitherto been as so much poison to me, but I took it greedily cow to still conscience. \- From the feverish deBire to retrieve my losses I had passed on to a careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did hot trouble how or when it should be paia back. It was only when the source stopped—dried up, that the awakening came. I remember it was a dark night in February that I found myself moping all alone in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining the villa at Hawksnest. I had lost a large sum of money ; I do not know how much, and had given a bill at sight on my father, the General. My mind was a chaos, a conflicting hell, wherein one huge, black shadow stretched its blighting wings between me and the stars. The shape was self destruction. Yes, above the walled gloom around, that one thought took shape like a streak of light in a raven thundercloud. Sitting here nursing and strengthening the terrible devil within me, I became aware that I was not alone. Two persons, whom I easily recognised in the darkness as Jocelyn Vanborough and Riah Barjew, entered iirm in arm, and paused within a few feet of me. 4 1 And 60 you are really going to-morrow, Jocelyn." she said, in low trembling accents. Must it really be to- morrow ?"' "Really to-morrow, dear Riah," he replied, releasing his arm and folding .her to his bosom. '' I have been away seven months^ four weeks longer than my term of leave/' 'Well, I suppose it must be so," she 4 said ; 4 but 1 will follow you to Melbourne, Jocelyn,,I'm determined." "What! leave "your devoted swain, Mr Ashfdrd, to mourn your absence," he cried with irock solemnity. I saw Riali /Barjew draw herself from his embrace, Ernd straighten her figure to its full height. " Ho more of this nonsense," she cried, stamping her little foot in sudden passion. " What have I to do with such a foolish feaiher-brain as this boy. Do you think it possible that 1, the daughter of Ratuzki Barjew, swindler, rakehell, the polished rook of society, could entertain one serious, thought on such a green-headed fool, save for the purposes for which we use such as he. Bali! the hawk and the dove cannot mate." " Forgive mc, Riah ; I did but jest," he cried, again enfolding her. "Why not come with me ta Melbourne ?" " Ah, why not ?" she answered, in a voice that shook with strong emotion. 4 4 You have all that a woman such as 1 can give you—love.' In it you have a talisman, which makes me your willing 1 slave, Jocelyn, forever. T.ike me where you will; but beware you deceive me not. I am of that disposition which does not submit to wrong tamely". He led her out with soothing words, hiB arm round her waist. I have no idea how long I sat in that retreat.. Motion, feeling, life itself seemed suspended within me. The cup of bitterness was full and overflowing. If. J had not been held spellbound with amazement, J would have struck, this wcnian dead at the feet of her paramour. I had no power to back the strong will. Iiike the somnambulist who retires to his soft couch and wakes up to find himself on some dangerous peak or chasm, I found myself at that moment when the scales fell from my eyes. In one aingle moment of time a man \- may experience that, which ^cro wds itself into a. lifetime. As I write now; after those years, the old horror comes back to me, and I have to lay down my pen until it has passed. Christ, pity and strengthen all those who are weak and are tempted. That one shadow which I hugged in my dark hourstiil pointed the way to me, and I followed it. It pointed to a revplver hung over the fireplace in my bedroom at Glencourt. It was still night when I reached home. I had not been there for months, nor had I answered the many letters sent to me, I reached my room stealthily, took down the weapon, loaded it carefully, and hid it in my bosom. As 1 crept cautiously aleng the corridor, on my way out of the house, a door opened suddenly, and the General stood before me. 4 " So," said he, sternly, 4 it is you ! Temple Ashford, rogue, gambler, thief, crawling into my house like a burglar in the dead of night! You whom I have loved, and who I imagined would preserve the honor of an old and untarnished name, have blackened and dragged it through the mire. Begone, wretch ! You are no longer a son of mine ! Hence ! before I kill you. Strip yourself of that which you are not worthy to bear—my name— and never let me look upon you again— go." Without a word I obeyed, still following the shadow that led me, I walked onward full of one thought. Dawn came and the day grew on, and when evening fell it found me in a solitary ravine on the eastern shore of the lake. I had no idea of time, or light, or darkness, for this jeif same shape of destruction had me thoroughly in its grasp. It seemed to nock at life with its sharp agonies, and pointed the way out of it. A spasm, and it was done. I pointed the weapon at **iy heart, when lo ! another shadow came between me and the tempter, and stayed tay damnable purpose. The shadow and Sbrm and substance of a woman, with a paie, melaneholy face, which looked down upon mis with a world of sympathy in her loving eye*, Grasping the revolver she wrenched it from my hand, and threw it into the deep waters at our feet. Then she spoke. 4 4 Foolish boy„ Would you kill your soul as well as your bodv," she said. " Who are you ?" 4 4 A woman whose years fit her for your mother, and whose sufferings outbalance yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth," she cried. " I have seen you with the villains in yonder den, and I watched you, for I saw that it would come to this in the end." The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly,— " Enough madam ; leave me to myself. A wretch such as I is not fit to live." 4 " Hush," pleaded the soft voice ; "pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers by which we are purged of folly and sin. I, like you, have seen the black gulf, out of which came a devil to lure me to perdition. I had a treasure on which my whole heart was fixed. Mine was a proud heart; and the treasure was taken from me, so that I might see the beauty of humility." " Who are you ?" " I am Elsie Black. God help me. Night after night, while full of another purpose, I have watched you going headlong yonder whither villains led you ; and while I watched, to me came the thought that if I could only lead you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bless my effort, and restore my treasure to me." I cannot say how the fiend went out of me at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to speak to me from the world of spirits, and my heart was melted, the dread shape exorcised. Mrs Black took me to her house. Here the strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a "dangerous fever, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and - her servant. With health and streugtli came the resolve to atone for my past wickedness. No more Temple Ashford,.but Temple Vane.- Vane, the maiden name of my poor dead mother, should be mine until I had redeemed myself—until I had paid back the money I had lost at Hawksnest. And now a gleam of light falls softly on me as I pen these words. Mrs Black, my benefactress, is here beneath the same roof with me, but she does not recognise nie in the altered conditions, of my life. I saw her kind eyes grow dim to-night, and turn thoughtfully my way as they sang,— «' Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; Ee will better grow and stronger \ Father dear." Have I grown better and stronger through those long, long years of lonely exile ? Am I strong enough-to say, " l will arise and go to my Father! With my Heavenly Father's blessing I will." CHAPTER IX. AN OLD FACE WITH A NEW MASK. It is night—a night that does not present itself many times during the summer season in Maoriland. The moonlight glimmers on rock and chasm, on tree and shrub, and on the wide, dusty Great South road leading to Otago. With the privilege of the novelist we must leave those of our characters at Piiiefalls under the tender care and hospitality of Major Weldon and his family while we draw aside the curtain, and reveal some others who have prominent parts in this serio-comedy of actual life. Across the uplands and the rugged slopes, shimmering under the moon's rays, long shadows lie, mingled with a pale, flitting light, which shifts from ridge to ridge, and then is gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the western ridge, bearing seaward, and fully twenty miles distant, t he lights of Tauranga are clearly discernible. Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, the shadows of thick forests stretch, like black garments, awaiting the magic touch of the sun to change them into the green and golden glory of New Zealand foliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in the night, flicker and shine the many lights of a large mansion, and from whose open windows there comes at fitful times the faint echo of music, which reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had weariedt *»nd waited long. As if in obedience to the mournful call, limping slowly within its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of moonlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, and the pale face above it, bathed in the wan glimmer, had a weird, unearthly look. Again a soft refrain rushed across the kauri trees and into the highway, where the vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered. He started as though a living voice had called him by name. "Iam coming—coming," he said, hurriedly. Then muttering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to rest himself. He had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feet when a sharp voice called out,— 4 4 Halloa, man ! do you want to be run over ? Get out of the way ; my horse evidently does hot like you." The tramp rose slowly, but kept in the shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabouts grew taller than the fence. From his vantage ground lie scanned the well-appointed vehicle of the newcomer, his high stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which the moonlight fell with a cold glitter. 4 4 Look here nty man," he cried, " there's a gate about here somewhere; find it for me, and hold it open, and there's half-a-crown for your trouble." " I know nothing about your gates ; I'm a stranger here," cried the other, roughly. " A stranger, eh ? Never mind, you have eyes, and know a gate when you see one," responded he in the trap, trying to soothe his horse, which wa3 becoming restive. " I know nothing about it," muttered the man on foot, shrinking further back into the ring of gloom shrouding him. An oath sprang out from the other. 4 4 Don't you see I can't get down ?" he cried, through his set teeth. " If you are not a lurking thief, you will come forth and do what I ask. I would not trouble you if this brute was at all manageable. My groom—confound him— has missed me somehow." Not the appeal, or the taunt accompany ing it, but something in the voice of the speaker caused the weary and ragged sundowner to emerge from his obscurity into the full light of the moon. He took three strides to the conveyance, and looked hard at the personage seated in 4 4 Well! will you find the gate fori me ?" asked the other, without deigning | to notice the rudeness. j " Yea. Where is it ; which side of the road ?" " To the left, near yonder log.'' The gate was opened, and, with hat slouched over his eyes, the wanderer stood holding it as the handsomo dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away-the vehicle was pulled up suddenly. " Thank you ! here's your money," he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coin. 4 4 What place is this ?" asked the tramp. " Glencourt, and this road is a short cut to it," replied the other. *' Shut the gate, and put yourself on the other side of it, my man. There are any amount of fierce dogs at Glencourt, and they are by no means partial to tramps." 4 4 Is that Gleucourt aw=iy yonder with all the lights gleaming through the windows T' queried the tatterdemalion. "That's it. There's a ball there to-night and I'm late, so must say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, better do so to-morrow. You'll get nothing tonight." Whistling a snatch from seme opera he drives on, the dust of his wheels flying back in the face of the wan holding the gate. There is a queer look on that same face as he closes the gate with a sharp snap, as if it had been the terrible jaws of some sea monster closing on its prey. The man does siot even look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path the other has gone. It is a broad carriage drive, lined on either side with noble kauri pines, but it has many zig-zag windings. From tree to tree, keeping still in the gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of the long avenue brings him in view of the house. It is a large structure, the ground being open about it. He can see the great gates of the lodge, and the lodge itself ablaze with light, and the road leading to it crowded with carriages. The place is fully a mile distant, but all the surroundings are plainly discernible. Beyond the mansion, on the opposite side of the hedge, there is a long shrubbery, like an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lanterns and other parti-colored lights. From this there floats upon the ears of the wayfarer, laughter, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of soft music. " What a devil of a strange world this is," mutters the tramp, talking and looking wistfully before him. " Here have I been two whole days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yonder the people are surfeited with dainties. I wonder what they would say if I presented myself, and begged a good square meal ? Bah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yet, and can wait. Patience is a virtue, and, ecod ! it is the only virtue left to. ine, since no other alternative has been left to me but to practice it." He looks about, and finding a soft couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wide spreading pine, seats himself thereon, with something like a groan of pain. 4 4 I'll stay here till morning," he continued in the same muttering tone, as if that kind of self colloquy was habitual to him. " There's the dog- star only a yard high. It can't be far off daylight. Ah! it's a good thing for a man who hasn't the time of day in his fob w kuow something of the stars. How many long hours of the night, which if they could be totted up would go into years, have I watched them from between the bars of my cell at Pentridge They have seemed to me just like a man's life—rising—soaring— falling — then gone from sight altogether." His reflections seem to bring another train of thought. " I had hoped that the terrible picture of my old life had gone for ever from my memory," he says, presently. " The face of this man brings back the ugly dream in all its Btern reality. Why should I think of my sufferings in that dre.;i<' r nl, earthly hell — Pentridge? Why ? That man brought memories that formed the connecting link. Humph! Jocelyn Vanborough, if that -VAS not your voice, k was that of your ghost. Let me think." And he layback at full length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands claspsd firmly round his head. In fitful gusts the early morning breeze brought the strains of the far- off music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. Whatever might be the subject of his thoughts it took him a long time to think the matter out. The stars had begun to pale, giving place to the purple blush of dawn ere he moved ; when he rose, however, there was a settled, fixed purpose in his eyes, and in every line ol his rugged face. 4 4 I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," he cried, as he bent his steps towards Glencourt." CHAPTER X. SERGEANT GUNN. Nestling amid some of the most bold and romantic hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glencourt stood pre-eminent among the few places in the province of Westland as the seat of Major GeneralAshford. £he drives around the estate are charmming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side of the building the landscape had a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of exquisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these the waters of the South Pacific Ocean. The house and grounds have cost their owner large sums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part the old officer is of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt occasionally, and does it with a skill befitting oue of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. The morning is gloriously fine, and especially so around Glencourt, the tatterdemalion thinks, as he wends his way towards the lodge. In the broad glare of day he looks the most wretched hang-dog thief that ever left the precincts of a prison gate. The burly, well-fed lodgekeeper, standing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. " Now then, my man, what is it ?" he cries. ' r If you've come for money this is the wrong shop ; but if you wants a feed, well, I've no objections, prowidin' as you eats }'our wittles here, and does a job o' work for it afterwards." "I neither want money nor food at your hands," answered the man, gruffly, at the same time surveying the^ portly liunkey with contempt. " Oh, you don't want money, eh ? Pray, what do you want, then ?" cried the other. " What you don't seem to possess— common civility," answered aharnlv. the tramp, "Ah, indeed. Here's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to lecture on etiquette,'' cried the lodgekeeper, in sarcastic tones. Then changing to sudden passion he said, hoarsely, " Curse you for a battered, moulty, gutter- chick; what's your business ?" " I wish to see Mr J. Vanborough ?" " Of course you do—or the man in the moos—or any other improbable personage. Now, who's Mr J. Vanborough ?" 1 4 A gentleman who eame to the ball last night in a drab dog cart—came lato, and by the short cut along the ravine yonder." The lodgekeeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rags before him more attentively. " Mr Jocelyn drives a dog cart, and is at the hall; but I know of no J; Vanborough who visits here/' said he. " I may have been mistaken in the name of the gentleman," replied the man. 4 4 Mr Jocelyn arrived by this road about ele\ en o'clock ?" 4 4 Just about that hour." 4 4 If, as you say, he is at the hall, be good enough to convey a message to him from ms." u What message ?" '' Tell him the man who opened the gate for him last night wishes to speak to him on important business." The keeper of the lodgw, placing his fat thumb to his rubioand nose with a knowing look, said,— " No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Slowcome. I have no doubt but what you are one of a gang of bushrangers come to rob the place." The tramp laughed. " Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue than himself," he said. " If you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other means of communication. Goud day to you." 4 4 Stop a minute. What is your name, friend ?" enquired the lodgekeeper, seeing that the tramp was moving away the road he had come. The other reflected a moment. 4 1 If you are inclined to take my message, no name will be required." 4 4 Yes, but Mr Jocelyn may have forgotten all about your service last night." • 4 True! If he has, I am content to depart without an audience." 4 4 Very well; stay where you are. I'll send and see if Mr Jocelyn will receive you." He went within the lodge, and presently a youth in buttons came forth and crossed the lawn. Within five minutes he returned with a request that the tramp be admitted. 4 4 Good luck, my friend ; you're but a poor, seedy devil at best," says the keeper, opening his lodge gate. Take care Mr Jocelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains." Without deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disdain at the speaker, the man of tatters passed through with his limping gait, and following hiB conductor, entered the grand mansion. There are so many grand rooms and corridorB and passages to be parsed through ere whey reacli the wing in which the captain is located that a change of conductors is necessary. An old greyheaded personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and attired in the undress uniform of a dragoon, comes forward to relieve the page. • 4 Who is this man ?" he asks. 4 1 A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sergeant," answers the boy. " Good ! Right-about-face, my lad. March!" cried the sergeant, as if the page had been a squad on parqde drill, and the boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The sergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military step ; then turning to the new-comer, surveys him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. " You've been in the wars, comrade," he says, holding his head on one side and pursing up his mouth. " Wars ?" echoed the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him. 4 ' Why, yes ; I reckon L've seen service, Sergeant Gunn." At the sound of his name the old fellow drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. " What, you know me ?" he cried. 4 4 I do, certainly," answers the tramp. 4 4 Tom Gunn, otherwise the slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards ere he was selected orderly to Colonel—now General Ashford." 4 4 Swords aad pistols ! Who are you ?" cried the veteran when his surprise enabled him to speak. "Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7th—that's all." 4 Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. " 1 knew every man in the corps, from Sergeant Major Halsom to Bates, the trumpeter. 4 1 Can you remember my face." 4 4 No," Baid the old fellow, after a close scrutiny of the other's features. " I have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after I left it." "Not so." replied the tramp, with a 4 peculiar smile. 4 1 was saddle to saddle with poor Major Denby when he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaclava ; and I remember when the melee was over binding up a certain corporal's hand who had the misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingers avtached. Stretch forth your hand, sergeant, and let me look at it." The veteran laughed. 4 4 Here it is," quoth he, what the. Russians left of it. 4 4 or at least You're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was the man who ripped the sleeve lining out of hiB coat to bind up my maimed hand." " I am that unfortunate fellow." "You!" " I, Sergeant Gunn." 4 1 Why, Grange was but a boy at that time, and you—you look fifty or more." " I have had eno"gh hardship to make me look twice fifty," returned the tramp. "Do you recollect the 27th of August. 1857." ° - " That was the day of the attack on Delhi." "Correct. On the evening of that day Sergeant Gunn, with a search party, found one of his regiment amongst a heap of dead Sepoys. The man was bleeding to deatli from a bullet wound, which had shattered his knee." 4 4 Ah, 1 see you're the man," interrupted the sergeant in a more kindly 4 tone. 4 You were lamed for life." 4 4 4i For life," echoed the other. I was discharged with a small pension and this limp," and he hobbled three paces along the well- carpeted corridor and back again. "You still have the pension to fall back I upon, GrangeT'- " be Continued- M 