CALLANAN VILLAGE SETTLEMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sir, — I was vory much surprised, and in fact Astounded, by having placed in my hand the en closed cutting from your morning contemporary. I only read The Ape, and that is the roason I am not see it. Well, 1 Uon t call thnt corre spondent an untruthful man, but to my mind he seems awfully near it ; and if ho is not careful he will topple over into the abyss of untruthful ness. In the first place, there are 14 of us, who wero the very first to open out French Island. And would you believe it, Sir, in looking round the camp after reading the contemptible falsehood, I could not find one vacant seat, and more, that the men are firmly determined to remain. They are perfectly satisfied with their lot. That scarcely agrees with tho idea of all the settlers leaving. Thero is hlso another settlement on another part of the island, and I am expecting another contingent down to- morrow. Another mistake be makes Is about the Government consigning people to various places, when in fact they con sign . themselves, the Government helping them to got to the place they desire to go to. As regardH the soil, well, we are satisfied with it. It is oxaetly as I represented it in my letter to you. And now, Sir, how has ho got thie won derful, and, it seems to him, pleasant news. Well, Sir, there liavo been a few men here within the hut fortnight aimed with passes to view the land, but I firmly believe only on pleasure bent. Now, Sir, if he still believes his assertion true, if lie can only spare the time to come over to the island we will very soon disabuse his mind in refarenoe to settlors leaving, or wc will light a large fire at the camp for bis satisfaction, for our camp is directly opposite Hastings. Hut, Sir, if he is only throwing tho bullots made by others, well, I would oak him, cither through the press or letter, to divulge tho name of the author of this calumny, and if I ever have the pleasure of his acquaintance I will show him that if all tho settlers have left French Island, I must say they have left somo very tangible, hungry and hard working ghosts behind. Hoping, Sir, you will very kindly insort this confutation to the correspondent from Hastings. If you will you will be doing a kindness to the settlers of French Island. — Yours. Jtc.. E. C. "WILLIAMSON, Secretary CAllanac village Settlement. French Island, 3rd October. 