The Psychology of the Ancient Egyptians. The Four Parts of the Being. A student of the sacred books of tlio ancient Egyptians doos not pur- suo tlio subject far boforo finding it quite impossible to appreciate the pe culiarities and raiion d'etre of the. greater portion of tluiin, unless thoir metaphysi cal and mythological character is ade- quately iiuummnou. nil or wiuu may bo termed their Ihooiogical works at prcsont in our possession aro connected in some way or other with their tombs, and their contents spring from tlio doo- trinos hold by tlioin as to tlio couso- quoncos to tlio soul rosulting from human death and thoir views as to tlio relations botwoon tlio spirit and the body during lifo and aftor death. As far as wo cau at present understand Egyptian metaphysical doctrines ns to tlio destination and experiences of the soul nflor death, it appears Hint in thoir ideas tlio extinction of tlio vital spark immediately producod an important eluuigo in the spiritual economy, for tlio soul thereupon became divided into four parts — one the Ba, or soul proper, which wont away to Hades (Anionti), or the noliior world, at sunset on tho day of death, generally being supposed to accomplish tlio journey in tlio form of a liuinan-lioadod bird, ami tho Ktt or sliado (eidolon), which either ro mained for over on onrlli noar tlio mummy, and thoroforo iu tlio tomb, or if it was supposod to over temporarily rojain tlio Ba, was at any moment ablo to return to earth bosido tlio corpse. Tlio othor divisions of tlio spirit woro tho sliado Khaibit, and tho luminous spirit Khou, and soinolimos a sort of composito spirit is dolinoatod uniting tiio figures of all four. Tlio oartli- dwelling ghost or Kit, appears to have boon represented to an Egyptian mini ns an oxuet but ethereal and invisible counterpart of the do- consod, and it was to this invisible imago of tho defunct that tho sopulchrnl worships woro nddiossod. Invisible, and iu a sonso spiritual, as this siiado of tlio doad ono was, yot ho (or it) was lo such an oxtont of tlio oartli earthy as to bo supposod to fool gratiliod, ap peased, and nourished by the offerings and sacrifices inado to. him. That, although what may bo lormod otlioroal, liis appotito was somowliiit diiiicult to satisfy may bo gathered from tlio fact that tlio favorite address to |iim at .tho eoroinonialH was to tlio ol'foct that thousands of caltos, of birds, of libations of boor or wine, of fruit aud vegetables, and joints of moat liavo boon prusonlod. Wlietlior, howovor, being a spirit, lie was tffouglit to communicate his sonsoof satisfaction lo his moro essentially spiritual duplicate, tho Ba, under going tlio many cenllicts of tho othor world, passing its mystical gates, and fighting its demons and sorponts, it is to bo iiopod duly providod with his "book of tho doad," so essential iu such crisos, and then boing tlioro judged in tbo groat hull of doublo truth, and passing tho examination triumphantly, ho finally is froe to tiavorso earth and sky, this world and tho noxt, in company with lla, by right of boing spiritually and mystically imitod to Osiris,, is not qui to coi'tain. 