Jumour. ' — — — - Man always buries the hatohet . where he oan get at it readily when he wants.it again. ; v When a mother says h3r boy is 'full of life,' the neighbors know it means that he wiu uiauti loiuuuio ivc vuvui The latest English fashion in" tho W3y of dogs ia a white coolie. They lpoki-like a goat's ghost. - ' . . They who marry where toey- do not love are apt to love where they do not marry. ' She— I can sympathise with you. „ I was. married cnoe myself.' He— '.Bat you worn't married to a woman.' ' " - IMariey— 'Tell me candidly, does yonr wife care for you?' Marigold— ' Oh, yes ; I'd starve if she didn't.' Mrs. Watte— How is your husband'B rhou-. matisin? Mrs. Potts— Better, I' think ; or, at least I am getting more used to it. Eve—' Addy, my dear, I'm going shopping this morning. Can you r let me have.£20 ?\ Adam — 1 Groat heavens, Eve ! You seem to believe the report that-1'm.made of dust.' She— 'Engaged to two girls at the same time ! Well, what are yon goivg to do about it ?' He — ' Oh, I am all right; but what aire thoy going to do about it ?' A Boston man who saw several bull fightB last timo that he was in Southern Karope, says that nowadays the horns of the "at tacking animal are . Bp mnfflad in rnbher that he is really a hull in boxing gloves. His Young Wife— ' George, dear, I do wish you would get your life insured. Where would. I go if you were to die ?' -George— ' And great heavens 1 where would I go ?' Minister — ' So you go to school, do you, Bobby?' Bobby— 'Yes, sir. Minister— ' Let me hear you spell kitten.' Bobby — ' I'm getting too big a boy. to spell kitten, sir. Try me on oat.' ' Are you coming when I call you, or is there going to.be trouble ?' said papa to his fonr-yeax-old -daughter. 'I .t'ink dore's goin' to be trouble, papa,' replied the tot,, keeping out of reach: "I ; Mrs. Oawker— 'Haven'tyou got a head ache to-night, .Ben ?' Mr. Oawker — 'No, my dear.' Mrs. Oawker— ' Oh, -I am so sorry tbat you have not ! I bought a new headaohe cure to-day at a bargato,' and 1 wanted you to try it,' . 1 - — aaagBBMa- TeBoher— Johnny Oamso, you may answe r this, question : If one man dees a piece of work in- five days, and another man does the pieos of work in three days, in how mauy.daysoan toey do fi working together ?' . Johnny — Please, ma'am, I'm not very well inform ed on the labour question.' A legal gentleman met a -brother lawyer one day last week, and: the following con- yersatipn.took place — ' Well? judge, how is business ?' ' Dull, dull. I am living on faith and hope.' 'Very-good. Bat I have got past, for I'm living on charity.' 