PIERRE AUD BAPTISTE. I onco know two industrious mocbantos i named Piorre and Baptisto. Thoy dwelt in a ; ramshackle tenement nt Sault aux ltoloeul), where caoh had balf-a-do/on children to sup port beside their wives ; who, it is griovoua to relate, wcio droit oe. They were only nominally acquainted with that godly art commonly associated with charwomen. Piorre and Baptisto were hard workers. They worked far into the night, and, occa sionally, tho thin mists of dawn had begun to break on the narrow city pavements before thoir labors would ccuro. No ouo could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard- earned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain, It depended largely upon tho police. It was early one Novnmbar that this horny-handed pair plunued the burglary of a certain eafo located in a whotoiiuto ohUb- Bailment in St. Mark street. On tbo par ticular evening that I'iorro und Baptisto hit upon for tho deed, tho head hockkcupor had toen having a wranglo with his accuunts. "I oun't make boad or tail of thU I" ho de clared to his employer, tho senior member of tbo firm, "yot I am convinctd everything must bo right. An error of several hundred dollars has' boon carried ovor from o&ch; daily footing, but where tho error togins or ends, I'm blest if I oan find out." Tbo fact was that tho monthly Hales had been unusually heavy, and n pago of tho balance had been mislaid. Tho head book keeper spont npwardi of an hour in casting up both tho entries of himself und his subordi nates after tbo establishment hud closed Its doors for tho day. Then ha went homo to supper, determined to return and iocato tho deficit, if ho didn't got a wink of sleep until morning. Book-keepers, it must ba borno in mind, have highly sensitive organisms, which aro Buscoptibto to tho smallest atom reflecting upon thoir probity or skill. At half-past 8 tbe bookkoepor returned and commenced anow his critical calculations. Qe workod precisely three hours and a half : at tho end of whioh period he suddenly clapped hisbaud to his foronoad and oxclaimcd " Idiot i Why haven't you looked in tho safo for a missing shcot ? Ton chances to ono thoy havo boon improperly numbered ! " Ho turned ovor thopagosof thobalanco onhfs deflk, and euro enough, tho usual numerical mark or designation in tho upper loft-hand corner which ohould follow olovnn was miss- tog. IJaeo twolvo, in ail likelihood, hud slipped into somo remote corner of tho safo. Tbo safo was a largo ono, partially receding into the wall and containing all tho papers, dooumonto and ssvoral day recoipta iu cash and draft of tho firm. Tho boud bookkeeper, In bfa efforts at nn- earthtog tho lost pago of tho cash bnlanoo, was obliged to totrudo bis entire porson into tho nufo. Foarfal lest tho candlo ho hold should attract attention from tho street, show- tog out ae it did ogaiust tbe black recesses of tho safo, upon ontertog bo drew tho door slightlyajar. As ho stoppod to tho toil of his oont caught on an anglo of tho hugo riveted look ; tho masnlvo gate swung to as if it woigbod no moro than n pound, and tho book- keoper was a prisoner. Ho board a resonant click— that wm all. His candlo went out. Tho book-kcopcr at tho outsat lost his presence of mind. Ho fought liko a oagod animal. Ho first exorted almost superhuman strength against tho four sides of tho iron tomb. Then his body collapsed oud not for an instant losing consciousness, ho found himself sitting in a partially upright posture, uuablo to so much as stir a inuiclo. It was almost at tbo samo inomont, although hours Boomed to havo paused, that tho drum of his car, now abnormally sensi tive, was almost split toto fragments. A frightful monotonous olaugour rent tho in terior of tho safo. The bookkcopcr nod to obsorvo afterwards that a sinxlo snooud's deviation of obara jter- isti i thought and he would havo gono mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed collapsed, llitt a weaker roan oan novor confront the inevitable, but olings moro stubbornly to hope. They aro only woak individualities who, in tho aot of drowning, oatoh at straws. As tho bookkcopor folt himself gradually growitnr weak for want of air to broatho, his revivified hopo led him to daliboratoly orach his fist into the woodwork with which the interior of tho safo was fitted, to sooro- tairo fashion, ono drawer being built abovo auothor. This gave him a fow additional onblo foot of air. Ab may havo toon oonjeotared, tho noiso whioh smoto the book-keeper's ear was that of a drill. Although noutoly discerned within, tho sonnd was praotioxlly smothered on tho oatsldo of tho vault. At ouo end of tho drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, to ono end of tho steel panels. At its and was a hr&vy;, warty fist, part of tho anatomy of Dsptiste, tho tedastronii mechanic. Baptisto held the drill whito his comrade, Pierre, fioundod It to. Boon the two burglars tooamo aware that some sort of animal commotion was going on within tbo safo. It nearly drovo them into oonvnlnionR of oRtoniflhment. Baptisto was so startled that he dropped tho drill. " it in a ghoRt," bo said. Baptisto was for throwing up the job uncompromisingly on tho spot, but this proposal met with obRCaoleu. Ula follow workman, who was of stifler courage, re jected it with aoorn, as savouring too much of tho suporatitioas Pierre had a largo family to support, ho argoad. lia spoke frankly. Thoy could not afford to throw away tho opportunities of Providence. To bis Iriend auil co-labouror, tho burden of his remark " Lacho I Go hon ! Yon make rno tired wuz yer ghosts an' things- Let's not havo no boast fooliu' — see ? Do job is commence AUons ! " Tbe upshot of this wot that Fiorro and Baptisto went book to work. At tho third oroak of the drill, Pierre orossod hhusolf, und said— " Baptisto, flora's a man iu dst safo I " Both inon grow pale a death at the very saggeitton. Baptisto, for instance, was so frightened he couldn't utter a syllnblo. His tonguoolovoto tbe roof of hi mouth. How ever, Piorre, as usual, was tbo first to recover. Ho applied bis our, first to the look and then to tho drill-hole. " Hoy, in dere !" ho criod, yet not so load as to bo heard on tbo sido-wulk. To this thoro oamo a faint response— a very fAint shout, to- deed ; it rounded u if it wero a milo away:— "For God's sake give mo air J 1 am looked In horo. Try aud hurst open the safo !" Tbe two burglars did not stop to talk, bat went at ouoe to work as if their own Jivas de pended oa tho result, instead of tho life of tho mysterious oooupantof tbo vault. In lessthan four minutes tboy hud a hole, souiowhat Miiullor thau tho kuainoao. oud of a collar- button, kuookodfnto tbopunel of tho vault. Then Pierre and Duptisto pausod to wfpo tbo sweat from thoir brows. .The man luslde breathed. It waa now that the pair began to muse on the denouement. Could this be a member of tho firm or an employo? Thin hypothesis jeopardised the suecem of the night's adven ture, unless, when thoy bad ponuittod the Erisouer to emerge, ..they bound and gagged ini into ailonoe. On the other hand, this coarse would have an ugly look. If he resisted (t miirht mean mnnlor in the end ; whereas, if they did not let him out at ull, thoy would stand no ofaanco of profiting by the prcuuisry oontenta of the asfe. Beddes, aa tfia man oonld acurcoly live thus until morning/ they would he rospuusiblo for Ins taking off. Thus reasoned Pierre and Baptiaia. Thero wore not highly oomfvrttog re floe- lions, but there waa still aumlier una a belter In reserve. What if, after i II, the man wore himself a felou ? Might ho not to a com panion crlb- uraokor? In that eaao thoy would merely have to divide tho spoils. " Hoy,-, in dere," cried Pierre, suddenly struck with an idea. " What la da combtua- tlon hof dp safe?'!.. "Fifteen— three— soventy-thrae I" took iu sqpulohrel tonea. It wait evidently growing harder and harder to draw ' breath through tho tiny aporture. Thus, tt transpired that at the oxplratlon of fifteen; seconds tho look of tho vault gave took the same resonant oliok It had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanka to the timely advont of , Pierre 1. and BapUate it openod as lightly, oa airily and as doolalvely aa it bad closod 480 eooonds boforo oa tho un happy accountant. koad book-kooper gaspod ouoe or twioo. but without any aulatanoo stoppod out toto tho froo air. Ilo waa very pale and his dross was muoh rent and disordered when his fost touched tho floor. But this pallor quickly made way for a rod flush at poroclvtog tho two burglars with tho implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptists themselves stood transfixed by the aheor novelty of tho situation. Without any kind of specoh or warning or without making any attempt at bravado tho bookkeeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an oleotrio call for tho police. DifflulMneouuy it eoemod« for so rapid and quiet waa the action, he opened a drawer, took out a small revolver, aod covorod both burglars with a fatal precision. As be did so ho uttered these remarkable words :— "Gentlemen, I would, indeed, to the baest of men if I did not feel profoondly grateful for tho service you havo jost rendered tne. 1 shall always regard you as any right- minded man should regard those who have saved his life with imminent peril to them selves or, whioh is jost the same, to their liberty. Any demand in reanon you make of mo 1 eh≪ make an oifort to perform— bot my fluty to my employers I regard as para mount. I huvo accumulated a tittlo money, and with it f propose to cngago tho best counsel in your dnfenco, wbioti is certainly markod by mitigating circumstances. U, oa tbo other band, you are convicted — — " Hero tho officers of Justice entered, bavtou broken tho door open witha crash.—' " Strand Maguzlno." 