ADDRESS BY DR. HOLLIS. Da Hor.L~, M P., oddreserd the elootora lost even- I ing in the oeademy of utooin. There was an audienoo of between 800 and 1000, including a good number of ladies in the gallery. A few of the member's loading supporters had seats on the platform. Mr. T. A. Wlkieo ocoupied the choir, and ex pluined that he did so in o:.nseqneas of the lMayor's having been called away to bydney. (He read a letter from the Mayor, who referred to thbo last meeting hold by the doctor no having been most enthusnastio and sceetsoful, and expressed the hope that this would be the same) He thought even Eollia's opponeont would admit that he had repre sented tbo eloetors well. (Applause.) 1o. trusted that on the next ooasion they would eleot him by as large a majority asno on the last. Dr. Hollis had done everything in a manly and straightforward mancor, end he had done nothing derogatory to his own dignity or that of those whom he represented. (Cheers.) Dr. HLollis, who was reenived most cordially, commeneed his address by expressing his pleasuro at the preoence of ladies. The intelligent interest that many ladies were tnaking in politics was one of the most gratifying features of political affairs. Our national affairs were not to be considered merely as matters relating to pounds, shillings, and pence, hut there was a tocial and moral side in which the as eistaneo of women would be of great valuo. He had read with pleasure that the New Zealand Perliament had at lust granted the suffrago to women. (Applause.) He would ask them to call back to their remembrance the period of the last general election. The one groat and distinctive feature of the time was the sudden and unexpected appearance of A NEW PARTY. Thirty*six men were returned on a new platform. Thirty of them were absolutely now to polities and for the most part unknown to one another. They represented on the whole a constituenoy of 70,000 voters-a larger voting power then the protection ist party of that time represented; and it was posniblo that if the elections had not been in a measure sprung upon the country the party would have boon numerically stronger. He mentioned these facto to call to their mind tohe grave mistrust which the people entertained of the old political parties in 1891, for in the long programme of the Labour Electoral Leagues there were very few planks which had not been advocated by both the old parties; but experience had taught the people to doubt the good faith of men who advocated principles merely to obtain the refleoted credit of thoes principles. There were some who hoped that the new element would become resolved into the two older parties ; and some very respoetable, but vary dull, journals had told as that there was no room in the consti tution for a third party. Those people and those journals forgot that a dissatisfied and outraged people would form thesnelves into as many new parties and would do so as often as was necessary to give effect to their diesatlifaotion and obtain re dres. That was the only constitutional way of obtaining redress. Those well-meaning and homely people who desired to turn back the hands of the political clock of N. 8. Wales were entertaining a very vain and delusive hope, fir there never was fJrmed in any country a largsparty which faded away without leaving ice mark on the hiatory of that country, and though the people might not be eatiefiod with the logislation effected by the p eaent Parliament they were by no means disposed to return to the OLD POLITICAL LEADE0S to eat of any fattened ealf they might have. There waslittle wonder that thoe people hold back. We had had for years a eLuceseion of Parliaments elected on the system of rt quiring each member to get his pay wherever, whenever, and however he could for let them not run away with the idea that they were not paid-and we hod had Governments led by Sir Henry Parker, Sir Alexander Stuart, Sir John Robertson, and that grand apostate, Sir George Richard Dibbs, late republioan and now K.C.M.G and champion of the National Association; and the net result of the legislation obtained from those Parliaments, of whom one member openly edmitted in the House that he bed hid to accept bribery from a private eource in order to live, was what might be expected-an enormous national debt, a large public estate squandered, and an abaurd promiscuons seytem of settlement which required the expenditure annually of large sums to connect the exiled farmer with the artisan im prisoned in the cities. The people through wbhore lands the Government was constructing public highways and government railroads, and into whose pockets was filtering the money obtained in the London market, sat back and smeiled and thoughtit was a very free country, praised those old govern. ments, and extolled those gentlemon who were ready to legislate merely for the honour of the thing and pickings. (Applu.ne.) Early in 1891 our national credit had been worn threadbare and that heavenborn finanoler, Mr. William Molillan, finding himself unable to borrow any more money in London, attempted to raise a loan in Sydney. They might laugh at the idea of the Colonial Treacurer attempting to raise a loan from colonial bankers, in the light of recent events; bha even Mr. McMillan did not seem to know that those finanoial institutions depended at that time upon the power of the Government to borrow money elsewhere and spend it here, so that the attempt failed. Mr. MeMillan followed the eminently statesmanlike couree of choosing the easiest way out of a difficulty and retired from the Oabinet. Before the end of the year Sir Henry Patkes followed his example and toLk advantage of an imaginary defeat to take to the boats and leave the ship of state to Dibbs and destruotion. (Laughter) At the end of 1891 we were in this position-wo had a national debt bordering upon £51.000,000, a deficit of about £200,000 and a falling revenue, and we hed alien ated 42 million aorts of land, of which 21 million acres had pasced into the hands of 0677 persons. Nearly hall of our popu!atio waevs In our large cities. With such an industrious DOEWIN OF WHIILWVIND3 it was no wonder we had reaped tempests ever .inoe in the shapo of depresosion and finenelal erises There were Rome financial writers who assrrted that if the labour party had not gone into the House we might have been in a flourihing oodlition now. The Dibbs blight came in in 1891. It oama in with influenza and protection. (Laughter) Be would like to say something about this protection, because, as they all knew, he had always been opposed to it, and because many men who when he first wept into Parliament were his colleagues thought it so benefeaent a thing that for its sake they left their party and clave to 81ir George Dibbs. They remembered what the people'wore promised a sort of New Jerusalem in the buoy peeson. (Laughter) Mr. See, speaking In the House on lost December, 1891, said that he believed in 1893, if their policy was carried out as he hoped it would be, it would have the effect not only of paying all the expenses of 1893, but also leave a balance to ex ainguish the small deficit of 18901. But that debt .doubled itrel in 1892, and during part of 1893 it was esiimated that wo were falling behind in our revenue at the rate of 20.000 par week. Then in a most herolo c~aoripy wore bud to retrench and aot down the salaries of the Civil Servants: bat in spite of that, he thought be would be well within the markh in sayfing that thebo deficit would be half-a-million. (A voicer I woal luike to have it ) He could have the defilit end take it away, (1 )te liked. (Laughter) This tariff was a double.leadcd arair. ft wal going to rmaise the revncre on things imported and keep them out at the same time. Speaking on the 12th January, 1892, when moving the seood reading of the COustoms Duties Bill Mr. el esaid, he had observed jubilation at the prospeoct of their policy taking eiffeoct. venHEBEnyAS O.hT ODBILATION NOW ? Mr. fee also said the people believed that und., a protecotivo policy they would receive spore work and would earn more and would be a good deal better off, with money in their pockets. Mr. See further eaid--'" I belleve firmly it will be of great bhonefat to this country. We shall have the ringing of hammers." Yee, the hammers of aotioneere selling off insolvent stock. (Laugheor) "We shall have," said Mr. Soee, "plenty of work and wages. The farmer will get a fair price for his produce." And hay was £2 10s a ton-how could they explain that? (A voice: HoMw much for potatooe.) How much for potatoeso, yes. " And will thub," contiuued Mr. See, " be able to pay the rtoroeepern'.'-how they had been rusbing into Goul burn to" pay tihe storekeepecr--" Who in his turn would be ible to pay the nierob?nt in town" Goldebrough, .?ori and Co. , Montlfiore, Josyph, and tJ., and otlera who lhad to coel yet-."And we haol not hear se muoh leoeutttigi° about depression. I believe," asserted Mr. Sep " w. shall leave behind us a retord that will be engraved in the hearts of the people of the oouutry. (A voice: True enough.) We shall have forges, ringing anvils, emoking farnacos," and all the rest of it. Where were the rlnging anvils, the smoking furnacesr, the high wages, the work, and where, oh where were those protectionist orators ? (Laughter and a plauso) 'Thore were very fet who would dare to say that thisb protective tariff of Mr. Suoe's was the thing to bring about proeperity. There was something wrong about it aed they would not own lt, Tboh looked npon it n an unforlhoato little thing tohat so born oetside the w;dldck of true preteotion. (Ltughter They wo!!da't father it, yet they wero all prosent at the chriateuigo and made a fese over it, Bat the poor li'le thibog had never been able to walk and o?-. wsn'hbowliig along until the leoctors put it out of its misutry at the next election. (Applause.) DUT WHO WOULD BOLD THE DATY at the ne?t electiou. Sit George Dibbs left it behind him in Sydney when ha went to Penritb, which mado l:r. Tralli very (udignant, for he wasn't goiog to bold the c)jld ann a on sir Qpyr?o Dihbs to goreund flirting with the National Associn lion. (Laughter and applause). And Mr. Rose, a well-reoognised protectionist orator, thinks he has a more promising child in a national bank. (Laugh. ter.) The last they heard was that Sir Gurgo Dibbe had boon knocking at the door of the National Association, and they had agreed to take him and his poor little offspring in and protect them from the angry electors at the next election. 'Ihose who expected that the tariff was going to work wonders were unahble to discern that there was nothing now about It--that it was a continualion of the old policy of Sir Henry Parkes, and that if Sir Henry came back to-morrow it wee very doubtful if he would remove the tariff. Sir Henry Parkes taxed goods to the extent of about £2,000,000, Sir George Dibbs to .the extent of about £2,000,000, and that was thodifforence between twoodlo-de-dum and tweedle-do- deo, except that tweedloe.dedeo was a little bit nastier. The position had bean very well put by Mr. Rose at Currawang. He said some freetraders were brave enough or ignorant enough to attribute all our troubles to protection ; bt, he said, we were in the position of a man dying from the effoots of drink, and it was absurd to say that it was only the last spree that tlloed him. That just described the position; but it was very dia courteous to protection to liken it to a spree. (Laughter ) The people had paid for the spree, and those whose lands had.been enriched by the publio money had had the eproo. (Applause) The more taxation was heaped on from the Customs Honse the more those people whose lands were enhanced were enjoying the spree, and tihe more the people at large would have to pay for it. He would nowirefer to the position of the labour party. (A voice: It,is defunt ) That had to be proved. There was each a thing as suspended animation, and sometimes the ghost of things supposed to be defunct came back. The ghost of the third party might haunt those gentlemen who wished it was defunct. (Applause.) At the head of the party's platform was the demaud for ELEnCORAL BEFORue. Would anyone say that as far as eleotoral reform wan concerned the third party had been a failure, or that if it had not been in the House electoral reform would have been passed through the Legislative Assemobly three times until the other House passed it. The Act was a great gain to the democracy of thao unntry. The property vote had been absolutely abolished. The representation of the people in cities, which before was not such us it should have been, would be brought up to its proper amount, and the people who lived in llties, having better opportunities of watching politioal affaire, and being more in touch with one another, were generally in advance in political sentiment Buf there was one respect in which the Act would not be found to work an easily and well as many people might wish. He referred to the principle of self-registration, which without any demand from the people had boon incorporated in the measure. hie had never felt the necessity of imposing on the people of this country this extra diffioulty before they would be able to reoord their votes-they would now have to become possessed of a piece of paper, preserve it, and present it on eleotion days, or they would not be able to vote. He teok that stand when the Bill was before the House, but he found himself -absolutely alone. A Mining on Private Property Bill and a Coal Mines Regulation Bill were also planks in the platform of the party. These had passed the Assembly, but had been rathlessly slaughtered in the Ceuncil. The great question of foleration might have been settled by this time had it not been for the presence of a new party, but settled in a way that would prove very distestoful to the people. It was just an important to have people in the legislature to watch that our tain legislation did not pass as to watch that certain legislation did pass. The people must see that federation when it did come did not bind the shackles tighter on them-(applause)-and he said this as one who looked forward with great hope to the union of the colonies. The labour party by its watchfulness had prevented several boodle schemes from passing through the Chamber. (Applause.) The strong antipathy to payment of members came from those who in the past had done very well by boodling in the old Parliaments. (Applause.) All sorts of schemes had been brought forward under the guise of private enterprise to find work for labour-as if there would be any noesd to find work for men who wanted to work if this were a free country. Those benevolent men with big money hoge going round to flad work if Parliament would only give them a monopoly wanted watching. They had been carefllhy watched, and they had found that a paid Parliament was not so easy to manipulate as an unpaid one. He hardly thought it necessary to say muobh in regard to PAYMENT OF ?BeDEBuS. In one sense it was not payment at all, because if the people got a good man, who could command the respect of enough people to get into Parliament, end was an intelligent and able man, it was no great gain to him to give up the whole of his time for £300 a year. (A voice : What about Colonel tt.lborow? Laughter). Some day if he had a little leisure he would endeavour to crack the nut in order to goet at that kernel. (Laughter.) If they wanted to got a cheap thing they could get it by paying a cheap price, and if they wanted a thieg for nothing they could got it-in the rabbish beop. II they wanted a man to work for them well they must pay him well, for the old adage livers-Owe thy servant and he will pay himself. A storekeeper would be very foolish who would pnt in oharge of his bosioboe a person who said he would take charge if the storekeeper gave him the control of his till. It was just so with those gentlomen who offered to legislate for nothing. They would be paid by someone, and would become the servants of whoever pa:d them and not the people's servants. (Applause.) He had referred to TI0 THItDD PAnTY. He ventured to say he was not sorry, but rather glad, that that party was formed end that he was one of them. He made no apology for being one of them, end be only regretted that by a very unfor ouanto division they threw away the position they occupied in 1801. Some of the most prominent parts of the platform had boon well put forward by the party, bus the very important pare dealing wi.h taxation they had neglected altogether as a party. The source of weakness of the third party of 1891 was undoubtedly their disegreement on the qunesion of taxation, and there was no need for any differ. enao. The 13th plank laid down very clearly the sourcea from which they were to advocate that taxa. tion should be derived-the taxation of land values. (A voice: Single tax.) Ab, there was the bogey man-the single tax. It was wonderful how many people would say they were in favour of a land value tax, but whbon it was advocated in public they tried to raise the bogey of the single tax. It wasee no friend of land value taxation, Lut a friend of land monopoly, who raised that bogey. (Cheers.) When the labour party were first oonfrooted with the necessity for raising money, by esome strange fatality, about a dozen of them, who had no noqessity whatever for av-osating protcotire taxes, because they represented Ireetrade conptituenoies, and had never promised to advocato protootion, but had promised to advo. eate a land tax, went over and assisted in putting on preouetite duties. They probably now re gretted they ever ate political bread with Sir (eorge Richard Dibbs, and though he-the speaker -hod pover made it tis businoss to go round de. ori?eg tl'co nt3 0 he believed they made an error, and he aould not elf??rgiotting they had lost an opportunity, and had blasted their political outore, and duon great iojury to the party. There was ANOTvun PAnTY, the old [reetrahe party, taaking ttin plq?uk on to their platform and claiming it on theirs. Now, he asked, what nore the labour electoral leagues going tq do ? Wore they going to stand idly by and alt loe this important part of their platform to be taken from them ? Ao regards those who left it, they deserved their fate; but he had etnack to that plank as well as the other planks, and be was nort going to allow any such thing to be done as for as he oan eonoornod. He owed no allegiuane to any party oeoopt that with whom he was eseooiated when he flrset went to the House; and rethboough oay other party might advotate the prinoiplee of his platform as m?uh as they liken he was not going to be bound io any way by any other party (Oheers.) (lir. Kingsell I If you did you would say good-bye to Geuulbrn.) ti would be very sorry to do that, bheaure he would have to say good.bye to Mr. Kingaell. (Laughter.) They might well ask him after hav ing reviewed these things what was to bhe the oeurse of Folitite in the immediate future as far as he weas concerned. The condition of tbhe colony wes not one upon which we could pride our. selves. Governaeont had had to raun to the es. sisaonce of th bonks, and we were just going along noed asiuetdy:wsiting to know what would be the rd et of government interference. We had not yet se~ttled "the finan1ial trcublps of the oulony, and we had still to moet the tin;o when the notes which mere legalised will oeoaso to be legal tender. (Applnees) He did not wish to be a prophet of evil, but he did say that those who had had charge of the admtnistration of this colony and had got the country into this unfortunate position had a great confidencoe when they ame back to the people and, mithout plainly stating what they pro. poaseodlto do, simply nasked to he entrested again with power. Mr. MoMilltn, supported by the Sydneooy Morntog Herald, told the people to go for thebo freotrdo that exiseted before this government came ilte power. The paoplo wanted to know where he got all his confidence from. What, then, wee to abe otboe ' We had got to reetily thelo e?. trvaeieuoo of p5st yeare for bo thing. We had borrowed too fredely snu epont tool avoiely, cb? how were we going to oheck that ' Lt tire1 ask thmaeelves who had got tho benefit from all that money, and then equoaez them. (Laughter and applhuso.) So long as there were people in the colony getting the bo eaeft of tbhie borrowed money, and eo lo?ng a thone people wtro by their wealth and position the infloential membera of the com* monity, they would continue to advocate that money hoould be borrowed and spent, and that it should be made up by taxation on the people at largo. Who had profited by this exponditure ? (A. voice : The landowners.) He thought that was about right when they remembered there were 677 persons who owned half of the alienated land of theo colony and that the total valno of the land was estlimted to be 179 millions sterling; yet the majority of the people were Casting about to find the meons of getting a living or were afraid that they would shortly have to do so. That made it very clear that those who had got possession of the land had reaped the benefit of the expenditure. Although laud had gano down in price it was boonuse it had boon boomed up to an extraordinary value. Yet Mer. Coghlan in his work estimated that as foar s the value of the land was concerned Sydney was the third city of the British empire, the city of Melbourne oomlug second, and London being the richeat. And yet the population of Victorit and of Now South Wales wasoo about a million. It stood to reason that there had been some artificial cause at work which had been forcing up the value of land, and that artificial canuse had beouon the borrowing of money by the Government and the spending of it hero. The people had to pay the interest and besides had to boiramped up in the citieo, and the people wore unable to spread out and employ themselvoes on the fertile lands of the colony. What thlen was to be done ? Makeo those who had reaped the benefit of this enormous outlay pay for it by mooeans of a tax. It was no tax at all. Simply say to those persons-You have managed behind the backs of the ,people, by unpaid Parliaments and other moans, to geot into your hands State money which the people had to pay interest on, and it is only fair that you should pay part of the tax. The land value plank in the platform of the third party having lain dormant for a eouple of years had beeu suddenly revived by an agitation in Sydney, and so we heard that there was a split in the free trade camp. Some people who imagined that they were frooeetradero a couple of years ago had suddenly discovered that they were more related to Sir George Dibbs and protection, and were pottiog into Sir Georgo Dibbe's mouth the CRY OF OONFISCATION. Let him inquire into that cry of confiscation. We raised last year £2,900,000 by taxes though the Customs house-taxes on things that people used, on the material of their houses, on the material used in the manufacture of buggies that they drove about in, and this had been got from the people at large. It had reduced the purchasiog power of their wages and taken 2d or 3d off every shilling. The Sydney Herald did not raise the cry of confisoation then and the people did not raise it; but when it woe proposed to take a part of the value which the ex ponditure of State money had given to land that was confiscation. " We're not going to stand it," say these few landowners, "they're going to make us pay the whole of the taxation;" and yet they had not paid any of it, except on some land in municipal centres which had been expended again in im proving their land. It was wonderful to see the great concern which those people and those Sydney journals had for the small farmer and the artisan who were to be robbed. The small artisan, if he had a family of six or eight, paid in taxes on eight articles--andles, condensed milk, choose, flour, oatmeal, soap, starch, and sugar, Os a month Customs duty. If he smoked be paid 3s a month on tobaooo, making a total on these few articles alone of £5 89 per year. A tax of 4d in the £ on the unimproved value of the lands of this colony would enable us to do away with Customs duties alto. gather. Supposing the artisan had a blolk of land worth £200-he was afraid there wore very few who Ihad-under a tax of 41 in the £ he would have to pay £3 6s 8d, while on the few articles he had mentioned he would be relieved of duties to the extent of £5 8s in the year. (Cheers.) (A voice: How can the amount be £5 8 when the taxation is only £2,900,000 for the whole colony. The chairman said the speaker would answer any questions at the .loso of his speech.) In his calculation he took it that the artisan was a teetotaller, and he was not even allowing that he wore boots. But what about the artisan who did not own land, and in these un fortunate times there were thousands of people who had not been able to put by enoungh money to buy a pieceo of land. It must be remembered that the duty imposed at the oustoms was increased before it reached the consumer, eocb of those through whose hands it passed adding something, and when the duties were taken off the things became cheboaper. He appealed to the ladies present whether tea had not become cheoaper. He would take the ease of the selector with 240 acres which he would value at £240, and he had it on the authority of Mr. R:sa at Ourrawang that many of the selectors' lands would not realize £1 per aore. They had to go through largo estates to get to their holdings, and lest a great deal of time in getting their produce to markat and their goods from the city. That selector's tax would be £6 a year and if the Ocstoms tax was taken off all the things he nused he would bh relieved of duties to the extent of about £8 a year. A tax on land could not be increased like customs duties by passing from hand to hand, because it was paid direct. (Applause) Now lot him give them the OTEunB IDE OF THE PrIOtuE. In the electorate of Argyle there were a few men who owned estates varying from 10 to 20,000 nores. If asked to sell it they wanted £4 to £6 per acre, and their land came up to the city boundary. Were the estate worth £00,000 a tax of 4d in the £ would be £1000. Now, they knew what sort of a free selector the Sydney Herald was anxious about. (Obeere.) The Waterloo estate of Sir Daniel Cooper in Sydney was estimated to be worth a million, but putting it at £600,000 a tax of 4d in the £ would mean £10,000. There was a oity artisan for them. He thought the emall artisan would be well sati fied to pay his £3 6s 8d per year when the big artiao oeae in and paid his £6000. Perhaps they would sony whi ra was the justice. The inujustice was that these man had not been made to pay long before. Our artisans would not then have been cooped up in the cities, men would not have been walking about looking for work, and our banks wsoul not have collapsed as suddenly as they had when borrowed money ceased to flow in, and our public life would have been purer because there would have been less temp tation to boodle Parliament. He know some of the free selectors and they were very free sealectors-they had seleoted to a conalderable extent above the meaning of the Act. WHAT WE W?sNT was this-we want a party that will say to the old parties and, if necessary, to the labour elootoral leagues, put this tax on the unimproved valoo of land. (Obeare) It was no nse their bothering about removing the anomalies of tariffs, booause tariffs wore wholesale anomalies themselves. There could not be freetrada while there was a tariff. The people wanted to say to the present leader of the Opposition-It's no use your talking gboqt British freetrado; we doltt want a o any other brand, we want freetrade simply. The people did not want to listen to men who talked about frootrade when there was no freedom or to men who talkhed about ptrotection when the people were not pro. tooted from the land sharks of the country. (Ohsers.) As regards the formation of parties at the present time, mattera weore in a disturbed state. The protectionist party seemed very nmuch diect clined to follow Sir Goorge Dibbs; the freetrade party q?doulbtedly was divided into the old cose vative, haedobell freetraders and the now party who wanted to advance with the times; while he saw no way of combining again the elements of the labour party unless tbhe people who suppbrtod that party decida upon the question of tesxation, unleps they dpoioe that they have had guitoeOotlgh of meddintg wiih tariffs it the hope ' improving the oeondition of the people, and say they will take the thirteenth plank and put that in the forefront. It they did that they will be so united that it will bhe impossible for Mr. O'Sullivan or any one else to run the fieal wedge through the centre of them. He would not be venturesome enough to prediot what would be the course of political eveta dOr· ing the next few mootbh. The old warhorse, Sir Henry Parkea, was onudeavotirig to form a party of his own. Mr. deqrge Reid was endeavouriog to perform the great oircus triok of riding two horses at oceo, and unless he made up his mind whobih one ho was going to tide he would coms a oropper. (Laughter.) XIt wold bhe much more to hie own advantage and to the eatisfoeactiuon of the people if he said whether be was going to throw In bhis lot ncth the old extravagant, money.borrosieg freotraders who love the customs hfouse or whother he was going for ihoe gcnulno artilo. Parliament, it was expcteod, would moot aguoio obout the end o thlis month. Tle first busi noes, he took it, would be thie consideration of the now plan of thie redietribution of ceate. It awouldt be th hlighest folly for thiO Parliomonat to dissolveo oand have an eletiol under the old Act, for the now Parliamont would have to reconsider the question of redistributiot rnld thoe thlere would be another blcitlail. 1ro ate of opinton tlhat thot oonstidoerationl wtold occupy the whole ol theo t lo allottel to ltlil larliamelt tt. ~WYhon tlho Ilotso liad deoidod cpon thi plan It doolatod itself eu'nopresocntative of theo people, and hlcreforo utder the oonetitetion iucap able of furtlher logislttion, atod lthough it wovld tako aomeo timeo to arrangoe the rolls ho tlhoughlt it would be better for Purlinmcent to prorogue at once, deal ing ooly perOhaps with urgout littLnUial maotters, toed get ready for anotllher general election. Howr ptrties wolld form tlohemselvec by thatt timoe ho did not tlhink ihoe wisest mann in thie couttry could eonjolture, thlero had beet so mucho trooJntrucetion. (Lughter.) But hlo ventured to express the opinion that the people, fooling that theioy hbad a real osuse for their diesatisfootion In IbDt, an! feeling that they had not yet obtained redress, waould hrtk someo hai with sespolion at the old parties, and woald do us hIr. Reid had rdooii mended them to do--send a paruy of men into thl House who would say to tbhe old freotrado party we don't want any maore nLecmifcs we don't want to he told that it is quite enough to get freetrado without having something tacked on to it. That OLD CO0NI:IDENCO TaTr had beon played on the electors too often. We wanted to natl those freotraders who proposed to do away with some of tho tariff how they proposad to raise the revenue in place of it, and to what extent. tHe oxpected there would be a proposal to raieo a part of the revenue byh an income tax, and there were many people who thought that was a very fair sort of tox. There were those who Feld that a tax on importe was a very fair sort of a tax, but that always fell on the consumer. If you tax incomes, with exomptions up to £200 or £300, said some, surely that would got at the wealthy people of the colony. There never was a greator delusion. An income tax was a tax on industry all the time. When you tax a man with an income of £1000 ask yourselves how be goes it. If he was engaged in business the tax fell upon all other people who were competing with him, and they raised the prion of the articles which they offered for sale. (A voice : Bosh.) He asked that gentleman to pot it to himself this way. Sup posing that the tax fell npon professional men who were getting large eslarise, though in Now Zealand they excluded such'opersons. He would suppeseo that gentleman was in the unfortunate position of requiring a medical man. There were only a certain number of medioal men in a town, and when persons came to medieal men and required their services they would have to take some of tbo tax on their shoulders. And could they be blamed ? The storekeeper would put down the sum he had to pay for income tax, and would regard it as rent or any other expense and put a higher price on his goods. Bat there were serious objections to an income tax beyond these. If a man was taxed more because he woe more industrious it was taxing the man, and such men would resent it. The un scropulous would take advantage of every moeans at their disposal and evade it. An offioer of the revenue was given power to look over a man's boole and annoy him in every way to get a small tax from him. Whatever way they came at it, in the long run the people paid the tax all the same. (Applause.) They had an income tax in Eogland with what they called a freotrade tariff and in America with a protective tariff ; and yet in either country did it keep the rich from get. ting rioher or the poor from getting poorer ? (A voice: What about an absentee tax ?) There was only one way of getting at an absentee, and that was to tax his property, and the only property that an absentee generally left behind him was his land. (A voice : What about sharees ) That wonderful economist--tMr. HoeMillan--semed to think that if a man's land only was taxed the man with £100,000 worth of shares or a fixed deposit would escape free. Where did the money come from to pay the dividends or the interest on the deposit ? Surely any one who had watched the course of fioanoial events for the last year or two would know that the depreciation in the valne of land in this colony had caused the banks to be unable to pay dividends and interest, so that by putting a tax on land you tax the money in the bank and the man who has shares in the btnk. The banks did not keep the money idle, but invested it in land, and so the man would have to coontribute his share of the tax, booanse you get at his revenue at the very source. There was no other tax that could be men tioned that did not fall on industry, whereas by a tax on land valued a man was taxed aooording to the benefit he had derived by the expenditure of pub. lie money, and if that man wished to use his lard or lot others use it he could very easily pay the tax If he wanted to keep it idle let him pay for it, as be ought to. (Applause ) Gonlburn was bound in as it wore by an iron hoop, nod what was required was that those who were holding good land or land in the cities out of use should have to o~ntribute to the State. On the Bank Issue Act he had stood with a small minority in the House. 'When men out of work approashed the Government they wore told it was no business of the State to provide them with work, yet when a few large finanoial institulions were unable to meet their llabilities both House sat up all night and suspended the standing orders to allow the Government to back the banks' bills by making their notes legal tender. He would be one of the very last to say anything to cause a crisds, but he believed the time had yet to come when it would be found whether that bill had proved the financial salvation of the country. He thought the Act would have a very bad tffsot on the credit of this country. Creditors outside the colony would refuse paper money, and they had never seen within the colony so muoh paper money in eiroulation and so little gold. Referring to thbo departure of men for Paraguay, he regretted that men of that stamp, each with a capital of £60, should feel compelled to leave the country (applause)-and it was a very bad advertlisment for New South Wales. (Ap plause ) The speaker concluded by thanking the aundience for their patient hearing and sat down amidst loud and prolonged applause. Some ladies in the galleries threw on to the stage a couple of bouquets of violets. On quaeslions being invited, a wag in the back wanted to know who threw the flowers. (Roars of laughter.) The doeolr replied: The same person that gave Sir George Dibbe the thousand pounds some patriotic citizen. (Renewed laughter.) In aucwer to other questions by MIr. iingosell, leIr. Rohlfs, itr. I. BIoshell, ifr. G. Down, Ir. T. Itay, and others, Dr. Hollis said the best way to omeet the destruction of democratic measures in the Upper House was by the appointment of sufltoinut new members to carry the measures, as was done in New Zealand. A tax on land values would not tax the industry of the free selector, because it would enablo his burden to be lessened and would throw land open for himself and children. He was not in favour, of payment of members per sitting, because the sittings vrlied in lougthl and importance, and it might be the duty of the country which called a man away from the House at a particular time while others might beo present and be asleep, as he lhad seen them. No man of honour would under take duties unless he could carry them out, and the electors could be entrusted to deal with a man who neglected his ditty. loe was in favour of compen eation to owners whose property was mined for gold for damage done to improvoments, but he was do cidedly opposed to a royalty-(oieers)-to bhe p.id to the owners. He could consistently be a freotrader and a local optionist without ecmpesatioun. (Laughter) As far as ho under stood the shipping laws, Mr. Seo had not been very anxioua to use his ministerial powers to carry out the provisions of those laws, but had relegated his duties to subordinate ofioers. At the same time he did not think that any number of shipping laws would prevent the failure of a strike when there was a large body of non-strikers anxious to got work. (Applause.) On the Arbitration Bill he had ex pressed the opinion in the House that it would do very little good. It simply provided the machinery for arbitration amongst persons who were willing to arbitrate, and the Railway Commissioners, like other employers, were not compelled under that Bill tq gq into arbitration. By his opposition to the btak Issuoe Act he had rhown that in his opinion those financial institutions should be compelled to meet the demands of their creditors. (Applaetso.) A voto of conlid0oeq in Dr. Hollis was moved by I.r. J. Turner, ooeonded by Mr. A. Mitabell, in appropriato spepeuhes, and ourried by hearty soala. marion. The Doctor briefly replied, and annonnoeed his in testion amidst noters of comlog forward for Goulbarn at the next eleolion. He moved a voteof thanks to thbe balrman, which was warmly ae corded, and the meetiog closed with ringing ohoers for Dr. Hollje. 