MllS. CARRUTHERS: A TALE OF A LADY'S CLUB. SHE was such a quiet little woman, sc different in manner, dress, and appear ance from the other ladies who formed the En Cartes, that it was always a subject for much wouderment to newly-elected members j as t-o bow Airs. Carrutbers ever came to belong to such an institution. It was not that anybody threw doubts on the fact of her being a lady by birth and ' position. Her own family, and that of her late husband, had held a high place among Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could the most inveterate scandal-monger even dream a word against a woman whose sense of rectitude had developed into intolerance of other people s failings, and whose moral code was written between theslraightest and narrowest of ruled lines. These mental characteristics, added to a dowdily neat exterior, and a manner that was deprecating to meekness, weie, how ever, all food for the curious minded, and invariably it was noticed that before a new member had joined a week she would inquire of someone else. " Who was that faded little dowdy I met 011 the stairs just now ? She actually went into the card-room under my very nose. She's somebody's maid, I suppose. But she ought to be told to keep out of our sight." Then someone would voluuteer that if she was a small thin woman, with sandy hair, going grey, pale eyes, and a nervous manner, Aire. Guru there was her name, and she was a member of the club, and therefore had a perfect right to go where she pleased. " Airs. Carruthers. And who may she be ? How did sucb a queer-looking creature ever get in here ?" And strong in the consciousness of smart gowns, fine diamonds, and a well-authenti cated position in the social scale', the new comer would generally draw herself up, aud put on an injured air at the bare idea of being obliged to breathe tlie same air with a woman who apparently had neither.carriages nor horses, 110 house in Alayfair;' and 110 shooting- box in Scotland. v. "She is one of the original members, and I have a sort of idea that Lady Alaysford knew her and her husband when tbey were well off" " I suppose she's very poor." " She certainly does not look- as though she were endowed with too many of this wound's goods, and I often wonder how she manages to pay her subscription." "Oh! well. If you have that feeling about her it is not extraordinary that I should have had doubts as" to who she- could be." That was how people spoke of Airs. Carrutbers. She did not go very often 'to the En Cartes. At the very outside she might enter its doors and find her way to the long card-room once a week. But as often as not a month or six weeks would go by and the weak little lady with tbe smooth grey hair and pale eyes would not be seen. When she did come she did not stay long, tbougli she tried to appear as if she was in the habit of using the club habitually for the purpose of writing her letters and meeting Iter friends. It was like a little comedy to watch her arrive and go through tlie form oT asking for letters, and then repairing to the writing-room to order a cup of tea, while she went through the form of pretending to write letters and read the evening paper. But if you watched her carefully you would see that she was feverishly excited, and fidgetted about like a hen on a bank while' ner m-oou 01 aucKiiugs swam aoout. Indeed, the simple is not a bad one, as it was literally about a bank that Airs. Carru tbers did fidget. In other words. Mrs. Car- ruthers was a confirmed gambler, in counter- distinction to a person who merely plays cards. There was real gambler's blood in her veins. She had always been one of those extraordinary persons to whom cards were as absinthe is to tbose who become a prey to it. Cards made . a dif ferent woman of her. They _ brightened her up till she became almost-pretty. When she touched them the blue veins shone through the white skin of her thin small hands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of beingslow, quiet, and unreserved, shcbccame quick, vivacious, and impulsive. Since the establishment of the club she bad never played liigh, in the sense of staking large sum's, and doubtless to many she would have appeared merely a person who, having a fiver or a tenner which she did not know what to do with, gave it a chance, as the saying is. To those, however, who have studied gamblers she was obviously one of that large class who all their lives have played for all they have got, who are always going for the gloves, and who arc never dis mayed by loss, but are convinced every time they lose that they are only one step nearer the end of their bad luck, and one step nearer the grand con j>, the one chance of their lives, when their luck must turn and they will sweep all before them. As we know, this never happens, for the simple reason that they play with the idea of leav- uii hiioii oiicj niu, auu ivncil uiuy wit! they follow their luck and lose all, not being able to follow tbe "money tbey Iiave lost! The luck of A1 rs. Carrutbers had turned as often as anyone else's, but she never knew it, for if she turned a tenner into £200 she would not have the pluck to get up and go, and what she had taken a whole night to build up, she would put down on the turn of a card only to see it swept away the next minute, and she left without even her origi nal slake. It was by persistently playing this game tbat Airs. Carruthers never gave herself a chance, and always ended by losing. The type is well known to gamblers, and as long as the ace of spades is tlie ..unluckicst card in tlie pack there will he people , who will spend their lives in losing tenners on the wholly impossible chance of some day or other winning a large stake. Indeed, though she never brought much at a time to the club, one way and another at the end of a year her losses were as large, if not larger, than anybody else's. Indeed, so persistent were her losses, that the members positively disliked to win her money, for, as All's. R. X. Hicks, the American, said, "She ain't worth my money. Her liver ain't no good to me if I win, aud I'm standing to be shot for £5,000." It was about the end of October, when Society was beginning to come back to town, that Airs. Carruthers turned up at the En Cartes Club one night. She went through her usual torinula 01 inspecting the mem bers' book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a lettel- or two, and casually turning over the evening papers, and finally, after fussing about, inquiring casually, "Is anybody in the card-room ?" Being" answered in the affirmative, she pretended t-o hesitate a moment and finally picked up her skirts and slowly ascended tbe stairs and entered tbe long room where a baccarat table was in full swing. Lady Ilrightlesea was in the bank, and the players were too occupied to take much notice of tlie arrival of Mrs. Caruthers, She commenced punting with two sovereigns and won, and leaving her stakes down won again. Withdrawing the £6 she had won, she commenced again with her original stake, and saw her two sovereigns swept away. She then pub dowfl eight and was paid an equal amount, and leaviug it down found herself in pos session of £32 in' a few seconds. She withdrew it cautiously, and waited to see how the cards would go. The bank won, and Airs. Carruthers felt elated at her own cleverness. She was evidently playing care fully, for agaiu she made no stake, and again the bank won. The cards were evidently running in triplets, and so she saw the bank win again before she staked, and then she put down the whole £32 which she had won. She had done wisely, and leaving down the £64 she wept upthe£128and waited. Again the bank lost, so it was clear the triplets were . exhausted, and so waiting a few minutes she j saw the bank broken and the new bank put > to aHctipn. The fit# bid was &Ue;= ' Carrutbers bid £15, and finally took it for '£110. She was in great luck. The bank had it all its own way. Where it lost at all it was only on one side. When it won it -wept the table, and, what with the 'formei casual pickings, and - a final run of six, though -the play was small, and money t seemed scarce, the croupier had some £1,200 I of Airs. Carrutbers's winnings in front of . her. The banker looked right and left before dealing the cards. O11 one side the | stakes were £5, and on the other £7. She j hesitated a moment before throwing up the cards. In that moment Mrs. Decaine said "Banco." Airs. Carruthers hesitated another moment, dealt, and looking at her cards, said — "I give !" "Tf you please." She dealt six to Airs. Decaine and seven to herself. -"Nine," said Mrs. Decaine. " En carles ," replied the banker. She dealt again, and again said : " I give !" The answer was : " No, thank you." Airs. Decaine was obviously standing on five, six, or seven. In that moment Airs. Carruthers cursed the temptation she had yielded to, and she drew a seven. "Six," said Mrs. Decaine. Airs. Carruthers calmly turned her card and replied in a ghost of a voice, "Bac." She rose quietly from her seat and saw Airs. Decaine carry off" the £'2,200 she had won by staking £2, and .had lost by being too greedy. She loft tbe room as quietly as she had entered it, and then the game weut on. Airs. Decaine took tlie bank for £100, and the noble army of punters started to try and get a bit back. I'lav bad proceeded about ten minutes when tlie Alarchioness of Alay- fair entered, and said : "I beg pardon, Airs. Decaine, for inter rupting, but somebody has been larking, and I am in a hurry, as I have to felch my husband at ' the House,' and I am late." " Well, what's the matter ? " " Somebody has tried to frighten me by biding my tiara. Who is it, now ? Come, give it up. 1 have four parties to do, and I shan't be in bed till four, so I haven't time for joking." Everybody waited for the somebody to speak, but there was dead silence. " Come, come," said Lady Alayfair, "a joke's a joke, and I have had my fright." Nobody spoke, and tbe Duchess of Mars- ton rang the bell. When the servant entered, she said — " Tell Aladaine Skazi to come here." The punters left the table and gathered round the fire. Presently Aladaine Skazi entered. "Good evening, Skazi Lady Alayfair laid down her tiara in the dressing-room and it has gone. „You had better see that nobody leaves the club, and have the ser vants up,, and we can search them before the police are called up. - Any other members who may be in the club, for form's sake had dcbwjl cgiuc u|j lou. Skazi looked stupefied, but went off. In a few seconds Mrs. Carruthers walked in and quietly shut the door. "I was leaving the club, but it was rain ing, and- they could not get me a cab, when Aladaine Skazi came down and ordered the club to be closed and the servants to come up and be searched. You need not doubt the servants. It was I who took your tiara." The half-dozen women assembled round the lire turned sharply at the words, and faced — Airs. Carruthers. In her dowdy brown stiff gown, and with her timid, shrinking air, more marked than usual, sbe seemed so utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or UGLlClV/ll, blJtlV bllG £Ui,ULUlUUGCe UL lUdJrlair almost laughed. Not quiet, though, for held out before her, in the pale, thin fingers, and glittering In the firelight, was the lost tiara. " You took it, Mrs. Carruthers. You, the " "Finish the sentence, Lady Alayfair. I am the thief." He white face flushed as she said the word. " This is scarcely a time for jesting, Airs. Cairuthers. The original joke of hiding it was not a good one. if you will pardon me for saying so, but really it is scarcely improved by this silly confession." : " It is very kind of you to give me a chance of getting out of it, Lady Alayfair, but I cannot accept it. I stole your tiara, I meant to keep it and sell it. I was prevented from getting away, and I came to restore it and to throw myself on your mercy." " You are crazy, Airs. Carruthers." " I know I am, or at any rate I was, and I want yon to think so, and to forgive ine for what I did when I was mad, now that I confess when I am "Sane, quite so," " No, ' found out ' is the word." " You really mean to say you stole this not intending to return it ? " "I did." " In heaven's name, why ? " " Because to- night I have lost my last chance cf 1 e.-toring what I have stolen for years and spent among you. It may not have been much to you, but it was my all. T Ho nnh lilnniP vnu.-if-. was imv own fanlh \- ' J — - J " " I thought 1 saw a chance of making what would be a little fortune to me. I saw others do it almost every night I came, and so little by little I have drawn out- my son's fortune with tlie idea of giving liim my winnings. To night I made the last effort. To-morrow lie coines of age and receives his commission only to learn that he is a beggar, and his mother is a thief." The poor woman fell on lier knees sob bing, " 1 did it for t-lie best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for my son's sake. 1 have wronged him enough. 1 was mad, forgive me. Forgive me for liis sake." It was a truly pitiable sight to see. the poor woman sobbing on the floor as if her heart would break, and it was apparent everyone pitied her for t-lte mad infatuation which liatl brought her into sucb a condition. Lady Alayfair took in the general feeling at a glance, and lifting her from the floor, led her away. Hardly had they left the room when the Duchess of Mars ton said : " It seems to me obvious that we cannot have any scandal, and also that as ladies we cannot keep this boy's money. Personally, 1 pity the woman, who seems really sorry. We must think what is the best thing to be done under tlie circumstances." The next day Airs. Carruthers received the following letter : — Madame, — The committee of En varies wuu i« accept your resigna tion, and in doing so consider you should draw out your son's fortune which you have invested for liim in the concern. They, however, had some time back placed in the hands of Messrs. R , the well- known financiers, to whom they explained the circumstance the sum of £3,000. They very kindly consented to accept the sum invested for your son in 7 per cent, debenture stock, which is redeemable in five years at £110. He will thus be in receipt of £210 a year, and at the end of five years will have the coupons, which shall be forwarded to him, at £3,300.— The Hawk. WHAT DREAA1S SIGNIFY. To dream of a millstone around your neck is a sign of what you inay expect it you get an extravagant wife. When a young lady dreams of a coffin it betokens that she should instantly give up lacing her slays tightly and always go warmly and thickly shod in wet weather. To dream of a fire is a sign that, if you are wise, you will see that the lights in your house are all safely out before you go to bed. To dream that your nose is red at the tip is a warning that you had better leave off brandy arid water. "If there is anything I dislike," said Blig- gins as the Editor returned liis witty effort, " it's a man who won't take a joke." It is never too late to mend. This is why the cobbler never bos your beats d0» at the tiae promised. .v— V. \ V 