i MOST Three o"*clock in the morning is an uncanny hour the world over except at police headquarfcep or in the office of a morning newspaper, and it was in 1MB latter place at the hoar named, that four or five reporters, having Bent in all their oopv and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because le had. two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in," jut with their feet on the tables and their chairbacks knocking He plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to^day as it was when Adam doffed lis beaver and said "flow d'y' do ? " to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor; and each one was informing He oHer in all seriousness that be should marry. • ; • " Wlâtïor?" inquired Claude Browne of FrankJones. " Because,"repliedFrank, "ifs«nly the proper way to.live." ' ' A nice husband a reporter would make," said Claude in Tebuttal, '* coming in at. 3 o'clock a.m., and leavinif home as soon as he got his 12 o'clock breakfast." "But lis wife would always know where be was, and if she didn't she'à know whereeverlewaslewasafteran item and lad to be back at Hetiffice in time," remarked Charlie Smith. - " Well,put in Claude, "if you think it's Bûcha great snap, why don't you get maimed ?" " Can't," said Charlie, very positively. "Why not?" " Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when he hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank? How's a man to bny a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt ? " "That's it,"interrupted Claude ; "how'sa man to do anything if he doesn't do it? What's He matter with marrying a rich girl?" - " Where's He girl?" queried Charlie. < ' Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trnst an elder in thé church. Besides, what's the good of her money if He -girl las 1er heart set on a husband and can't $|et him?" South argued awhile against matrimony and at half-past 3 started for home. Se was thinking iihe conversation over, and as he trudged^ialpng' it occurred to bim that a bachelor was not only a-knot on a log, but he was à very lonesome kno^. Hie wuy led him through tie aristocratic portion =of the city and as he passed a fine louse "lis reverie was disturbed by He peculiar click of a turning lock, and He matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by He reportonal instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining room and making off with bis silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to lave on He other fellows, and slipping- into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as'if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open He door than he' was to preserve He ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered *£&at; the robber was not on the outside; but was evidently within, and was- working his way out. and he felt athud of excitement at the Honght of bong aKe to capture his man with He boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver outof his pocket, trained it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open, and Oharlie Was ready to cry " throw up yonr hands/ 9 when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. "It ca&'t be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doora. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it?" . He hadn't Itn^ to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came, out into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to Hepavementstopped. " By gàrry," said the reporter, " it's a woman, and she's got on a night-gown. have to see about His," and wiH his revol* ver ready in case of aocident, he stepped, out of the show asi spoke to He ghostly walker. • Good evening," he said nervously. "No, excuse me, mean gcod morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go back I'll a and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an ordinary afiair„ and he.didn't require newspaper instinct to tell him so. The sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down bis back and he looked for a policeman, with the usual result. " Stand back," he said, " this pistol ain't but it might go off." C r s a H t s w w p a t m c t w But on it came, and Charlie found Hat his legs. woul<Ft move in spite of all he conld do to make them." One step more and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. I beg your pardon," be said, " but He night air is cool, -and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance? Is Here anyone inthe house that hasftightened yon?" Still-no answer^ -and Charlie, emboldened by his own' words, stepped to He young woman's sidB and gently/ took her by the aim. ""'•' - " She turned %er face to .him and then the mystery was solved.•• Another A mina," he said , " La Sonnambula off He stage, with a reporter : as first tenor and leading man. -SVell. this is a go!" .•.„'. ' ' I've got-to take her in He house anyhow, Hat's plain,".he said to himself, and he gently led He willing walker back up to the door, and rang the bell; and ring it with a forty-horee power draft. The next' minute He beautiful sleepwalker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in higtarmg in a dead faint, and he" made a. dash with hiB burden into -the. hall, only " to meet a healthy younsr man in even-less dishabille. " What's tlas?" lé shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. " Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, dropping thegirl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner, of ac Eemper tyrannie.. " " What does this mean?" again shoujted He young man, and the remainder of the family camé tumbling down stairs, none of Hem fixed to see company. " Let go of me and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. "Youdon't want to raise" the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you? " Some of the ^bher members of He family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut He door, .and while He moHer and the servants carried the unconscious girl, upstairs, Charlie told He father and son how he had_" met the young lady, and what He trouble was. Both men knew him by sight, andbad met Mmon'Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain He situa tion. Half-an-hour later - He reporter was at home in bed and, dreaming sweet dreams of ^ pretty girls andallsorte of zomantic things. Whenhe reachidHe office ne£t day a note was waiting few him, and he was invited to ~~ Hat evening on the mother of the young lady.'-. . .' .." , • •' [ecaHedj^Cou^vI^ ! he BaW thèâjtughtor! blnshingand beautiful; nd now, if Chaâials.a. baohelormuchlonger erewill befebrç^ofj^^ HerdreadMèal^î^ for Charlie's mindiB ade up.—« If bcot* »juçrt djdTO àp«gtn,thecaitre of heaole. e c l tia 