A MIDNIGHT FLITTING. BY BILLY NUTTS. " We fly by night."— OLD SONG. " Well no !" replied the station-master at Lowvale, to my enquiry as to any chance of returning to Hilltown the same night, " there's no train to night but," he courteously added " the engine goes back to-night, and you might have a ride on it, if you don't mind. If I did not mind. As if it was not the very thing I had been longing for all my life. How often I had watched the puffing, smoking, gasping monster, resplendent, like the mythical dragoon of ancient times in gorgeous green and burnished brass, and which instead of bring utterly exterminated by some modern St. George, had been captured and tamed, and harnessed to cars to serve as a beast of burden to the human beings he had once harassed and devoured. To me this metallic megatherium seemed the embodiment of irresistible and tremendous force obeying the skilled direction of the puny mortals on his back with a meekness and docility which made the ponderous machine appear almost endowed with sentient powers. As a youth I found an inexhaustible fund of interest in watching its motions, and study- in its internal mechanism, and even felt a fearful delight in listening to its shrill warning whistle, which the elder Mr Weller so quanitly described as " That 'ere frightly scream, vich seems to say 'Now here's two hundred and forty passengers in the very greatest extremity o' danger, and here's their two hundred and forty screams in vun ?' " But despite the knowledge that the motive power of the flying leviathan was one which if not watched and controlled was capable of rendering its massive frame into frag- ments, and spreading wholesale death and desolation, it had always a peculiar fascina- tion, and I always felt a secret envy for those sooty and begrimed genu who seemed to control its movements with such ease and certainty, and longed to share the inestimable privilege of riding in their company. So when my accomo- dating friend offered me the first chance in my lifetime, I had much ado to hide the secret joy which pervaded my mind, and reply with affected calmness that " I did not mind, as I wanted to get home very particularly that night." I had read of kings and queens, governors, railway directors, and notorious criminals being favored with special trains, and had seen pictures of pressmen on important and urgent business riding on express engines, and now here was my chance to emulate those distinguished personages. So I thanked my official friend very heartily, and promised to bear in mind his caution. " Don't be late, as they mighn't like to be kept waiting." I had a professional engagement that evening which would keep me employed until near 12 o'clock, and I did my best to expedite matters, but alas ! like Cinde- rella, I came periously near the appointed time, for as I passed into the street, and enquired if the Hilltown train had arrived, I was met with the startling rejoiner, " Oh, yes, ten minutes ago." There was no time to stand upon ceremony, so with a hasty adieu to my friends, I rushed frantically down the main street of Lowvale to the intense admiration of those who were leisurelv making for their homes, turned the corner, and dashed with unabated speed over the narrow foot- bridge which spanned the creek. Here as I brested the opposing hill, I could hear my iron steed snorting im- patiently as if fretting at its restraint, and spurred by the sound, charged at the ascent with the result that I came, a cropper, and with the reflection " The more hurry, the less speed," advanced with more caution, until I reached the entrance gate of the station enclosure. My friend the S.M. is on the look-out, and as I hurry along stimulates me to increased exertion with the shout of " Look alive, carriage waiting !" I rush up to him, shake hands hastily, spring from the platform, aud scud across to where my panting steed is hoarsely snort- ing. To the invitation to " Jump up" I respond by throwing in my baggage, grasp the driver's hand and scramble to his side. He motions me to perch on the tender, a touch to the lever, a farewell " Good night" and an answering shout, and with a shrill scream, as if rejoicing at its re- lease, the ponderous engine rushes into the darkness. The station lights fade away in the distance as we dash down a steep incline and fly over the bridge with a rush, and a roar, and a rattle, and pre- sently at what seems to my excited imagi- nation a perilous speed we are climbing a long ascent, our gallant steed puffing vigorously, but with undiminished ardor. Now, as I settle myself more easily in my narrow seat, I have time to look about and watch the operations of my two com- panions. Before me looms the huge bulk of the mighty machine, with a bewilder- ing array of dials, tubes and handles, all of which are under the constant super- vision of my sable charioteer. In the centre there is a narrow ring of glowing fire, emanating from the fiery bowels of the monster and marking out the circular door which confines it. Behind me rises the heaped-up mass of coal, kept com- pactly together by a metal screen, from under which the stoker is busily raking out huge lumps and breaking them up with a hammer. Presently the driver turns and signs to his mate, the circular door is thrown back with a clang, and re- veals a whirlpool of raging flame, which forces me to caver my dazzled eyes with my hat, while the stoker shovels fresh sup plies of fuel into the fiery gulf. Clang-bang! the door is swung to, and I venture to uncover my aching vision. I watch this operation until our steed ceases its panting, and as we whirl round a bend the driver leans towards me and shouts, " Here's the Gap." Whizz we go by a gate-house with a rush, whish we rush by another, the neat little buildings flashing upon us like the images of a dream. Now we are on a level stretch and rattle along merrily, the white telegraph posts flitting rapidly by like a procession of attenuated ghosts, with a gloomy background of silent foliage which can be with difficulty distinguished from the gloomy sky above. I am afraid that very few of the many thousands who travel by rail ever give a thought at the end of their journey to those to whose skill and attention they owe their safety. It needs a closer acquaintance to fully appreciate the increasing vigilance which those men display in their arduous and perilous position. Now, I can understand this better. The good fellows, having made me as comfortable as their restricted accommodation can afford, have little time to spare for friendly converse, which at best would not be easy when carried on at the highest pitch to surmount the con- stant rattle and clank of the laboring machinery. When not regulating the speed or watching the guages, the driver leans over the side and directs a steady gaze ahead into what is to me Cimmerian darkness. I suppose his vision is sharpened by constant practice, but as at this hour, " in the dead waste and middle of night " we have an unobstructed highway, I fail to comprehend its necessity. I ven- ture to shout an enquiry, and receive the terse answer, " Cows," from which I infer that spite of cattle-pits at open crossings, those ingenious animals sometimes con- trive to make the track their camping ground. This is not very reassuring, and have a nervous apprehension of colliding with one of these diabolical bovines, and being hurled over an embankment or dashed against a cutting. But on we speed, and presently the renewed puffs tell we are once more climbing among the ranges. We twist and turn with a rapidity which sends a tremulous thrill along my spine, and causes me to clutch my narrow seat, as the escaping steam hisses shrilly overhead, and is intensified in sound by the rocky walls which gleam on each side. Suddenly the hissing subsides, as I feel a gentle gliding motion on an easy slope. Rocks and trees fall away into the rear- ward gloom, there is a dim vision of con- gregated habitation with here and there a tower or spire, and faint lights twinkl- ing at distant intervals. Our noble steed moves with diminishing speed as we pass another gatehouse, my faithful charioteer cries cheerily, " Here we are," and as I clamber down the side of the engine which throbs and pulsates like an ex- hausted animal, I exchange hearty fare- wells, and as I pass through the lighted streets, feel that I have had a novel ex- perience which will for ever after inspire a deeper respect and admiration for a class of workers to whom a proper degree of approbation and encouragement is but too rarely extended. 