COUNTRY NEWS. FROM BUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. DEYONPORT. On Thursday evening a grand ball was hela at the Giblin Memorial Hall. Many of the guests appeared in fancy costumes, the remainder in evening dress. There was a large muster, numbering about 100\. Everything passed off pleasantly. Mr Hawkins, of the Formby Hotel, pro vided the supper, which was served in the waiting room. Dancing commenced at nine o'clock, and it was five o'clock on Friday morning before the programme was concluded. The arrangements were carried out by a committee of gentlemen, consisting of Messrs J. A. Fulton, M. Davis, and B. Padfield; while Mr G. N. Levy acted as M.C. Amongst the cha racter dresses may be mentioned-B. J. Somers, evening dress of the 19th cen tury; W. Henry, Highlander; W.Devitt, Fijian ; G. A. Fulton, man o' war officer; J. A. Drake, sailor; E. Cole and B. Pad field, cricketers ; R. A. Rafferty, middy E. J. Norris, Purser U.S.S. Company; W. Forbes, Spanish brigand; W. H. Keane, Garibaldi. The only lady in character appeared as an hospital nurse. M'Laren's Quadrille Band was in atten dance. As this is the first ball given under the title of the Devon District Subscrip tion, it involved a great deal of work to bring it to such a successful issue, and the greatest praise must be given to the honorary secretary, Mr B. J. Somers, of the U.S.S. Company, who was ably assisted by Mr E. J. Norris, honorary treasurer. I hear the ghost scare is in again. A reverend gentleman who was driving home from an appointment at the Don saw an apparition on a fence quite white. On driving directly to the spot the ghost took to his heels and ran away. This larrikinism ought to be put down with a strong band, for there is no telling what injury might be done to women or child ren, or even faint hearted men. Yesterday the remains of Mrs Mugg- ridge, one of the oldest inhabitants of East Devonport, were committed to their last resting place. The deceased, who is related to Mrs Grey, postmistress, and Mr R. D. Stewart, Rannock has been a great sufferer, and for six years quite bed- ridden. The Rev. W. Burridge officiated at the funeral, and there was a large attendance at the grave side. Sept. 2. 