The Merchantmen. The following am somo stanzas of Mr. Rud- vii rd Kipling's last published poem, which appeal's in tbTo Pail Mall Gazette : — ICiug' Solomon drew merchantmen Because of his desire For peacocks, apes, and ivory From Tarshisli unto Tyre. And Drako lie sacked La, Guayro, So stout of heart was he ; But wo bo only sailor men That uso upon the sen. Coastwise— ero?s-Meas — round tho world and back again, "Where tiio flaw shall hoad us or tho full Tr.ido suits ! PlainsaU— stormsuil — lay your board and taok again — And that's the way wo pay Paddy Doyle for his boots ! By sport of bitter weather We're walty, strained, and scarred From the kontlcdge by the kelson To the sliugs upon the yard. Six oceans had their will of us To carry all away — Our galley's in the Baltio, And our boom's in Mossel Bay ! We've floundered off the Texel, A wash with, sodden deals, We've sipped from Valparaiso With the Norther at our heels : AVc've rntohed beyond the Crossots Thut. tusk the Southern Pole, And dippod our gunnels under To tlio dread Agulha's roll. Beyond all outer ohnrtings AVo sailed where none have sailod, And saw the inndlights burning On islands nono have hailed. Our liuir stood up for wonder, But when the night was dono, There roiled the deep to windward Blue-empty 'licutn tho sun. Strange consorts sailod beside us . (And brought us evil luck) ; Tho witcli-firo olimbed our nhnnnels, And danced on vano and truck i Till through tho red tornado, That lashed us nigh to blind, Wo saw tlio Dutchman plunging, Full canvas, head to wind. Wo heard the Alidnigbt Loadsman That calls the blaok deep down. Ay. thrico we heard tho Swimmer — The corpse that may not drown. On frozen bunt and. gusket The ulcet- oloud drove her hosts. When, manned by more thau signed with us, Wo passed tho Isle o' Ghosts ! / And North among tiro hummocks, A biscuit-toss below, AVe inot the silent shallop That flighted whalers know ; For down a bitter ice- lane, That opened as ho sped. We saw dead Henry Hudson Steer, North by West, his dead. So dealt God's waters with us Beneath tho roaring skies, So walked His signs and marvels All naked to onv oyos ; But wo wero heading homeward ' AVitli trado to lose or make, Good Lord, they slipped behind iis In the tailing of our wake ! Let go— lot go tho anchors ; Now shamed at heart are wd . To bring so poor a cargo home That had for gift tho sea ! Lot go — lot go the anohorB : O fools were wo and blind — Tlio worst wo saved with bitter toil, Tho brat we left behind ! Coastwise — oross-scas — round the world and back again, Whore tho flaw shall fail us or the Trades drive down : Plninsail — stoimBail — lay your hoard and taok again — ' And all to bring a cargo up to London town ! 