j; The Statue and the Lamp. Nothing but graves left now — nothing but graves in tlie neglected garden, with its moist leaves and tangled vines — with its forsaken air, as if the straggling sunbeams were ever creep ing, affrighted, away. The path sloping upward to the mildewed door is deep with dying leaves and grass. Behind the door are old, dismantled rooms, where no footsteps ever sound ; and in one of the rooms a broken statue (is it a copy of some Greek lad of the olden time ? — some swift runner, dashing back his hair and just starting in the race?), a lamp that never burns, and some pieces of rare carved wood, on which the moths and the rust of time work steadily. This is Cloisterleigh, and the graves are the, graves of- those who lived and loved, and, having wrought well, died here. Only — only that part of an artist which never dies — which cannot die — still lives on and works its mission above the crumbling dust. And now — and now, back in that dim time, in these dim rooms, a mellow light is shining. All is warmth and cheery life. In one end of the long room, where the artist sits at wo,rk, a huge clock towers, and in a terra-cotta jar a lovely daphne blooms. Here, too, is the white young Greek god — the swift runner in the race — with the lamp always burning before him to light him on his way. " Is it a David ?" old Dame Telfener was wont to ask. " I think it must be a David, though my son says not. He made it, and he ought to know. Strong and swift as the Hebrew lad was, and pure-looking, even as David must have been in his youth." It was her pride as well as her duty to keep the lamp trimmed and burning brightly before this statue. " It's David's fancy," she would say, " and may be an idle one. To be sure, against that dark carved wood, the marble does not look the same if the light is gone, bo I keep it burning. And I have a fancy — my fancy, too — that as long as the light burns clear and bright, so long will David's path be sure before him." " Well, well, mother " — here the young, living artist David, coming up behind unheeded, would touch his mother's wrinkled hand reverently — " still toiling and still preaching ! Was ever so foolish and so wise a mother !" " Ay, David ! A foolish old woman — only a foolish old woman. But she loves her only son !" The blue-eyed young David, with a smile and a tear together, stooping, kissed reverently this white-haired prophetess's hand. " Any son with such a mother must be blessed — ay, he is blessed ! For me, my one prayer is that in my life and in my death I may prove worthy of her who calls me ' Da id — son.' Now, leave me to my work ; and, mother," he called to her, and then, as she, paus ing, turned, his voice hesitated and fell," It may be Ruth will come for a few minutes to night." The mother did not answer. Something that was not quite a shadow, hut was more like a dusky light, passed over her line old wrinkled face. She did not look at her son again, but went out of the room, shutting the door with studied carefulness behind her. Unce in the hall, she stopped and looked curiously about her. She was alone now. The low western light streamed through the wide-open door and fell upon her. And there before her eyes, at the end of that level stretch of road, not a mile away under the hills, auother house stood. One tall biick chimney, towering straight up, caught the light, and so lay like a red mark — Cain's mark — on the lovely green of wood about it. Ay, ay " — Dame Telfener nodded, slowly — "maybe she'll come, David says maybe she'll come. But she'll not come, David ; your sweetheart will not come to night. No, nor maybe to morrow night, nor the next." Just then the old clock in the room where. David sat at work began to strike. She stood motionless till the last echo of the deep sound had died away. Then she lifted her hand and brushed away a tear. " Strike, and silence !" she muttered to herself. " That's what the motto on the clock face says. Strike, and silence. I've always held it to be an ominous thing, having that clock in there where David works, with those sinister words printed on it. I tell him so always, for some day he will strike his strongest- into the deep stone — he will touch the very heart of the marble — and then his arm will be broken, and there will be silence ever after." The old dame took a few steps forward. " Strike, and silence. David laughs at me when I tell him that ; he. says it's just another of my fancies, like that of the lamp before the statue. Yes, I am old, but I know — I know. I have lived long, and I know." Her last words as she went out to her household tasks were : " And I have learned to read a woman's face." Meanwhile, in that other room, David sat before the open window, a sure light in his eyes, a brave smile on his lips. With a sheet of rough paper and a bit of charcoal, he strove to catch and make visible the visions that thronged his brain. All his beautiful, strong youth was instinct with work, and now to shape some flitting dream. Should it be some maiden — that Russian poet's Brown Marianne — the girl with the black eyelashes who walked along the sombre wood waiting for the moon, and wept 1 He could see her with her eager look there — " Where now in green boughs' shadow The cross rests 011 my nurse's grave." Or should it be another, a more majestic shape, that another poet of another time and land had made im- mortal, when Robert Burns, mourning his broken life and his dead love, came up out of the pale spring morning, " a wae-worn ghaist," flinging his shadow across all future time ? Suddenly a shadow from without fell upon the artist's paper. A sweet voice spoke : " Oh, how busy you are ! It's a shame to disturb you. I'll just say greeting and good-by." The blood had flushed and then paled suddenly in David's handsome face. He looked up and saw stand ing just outside the window a tall young girl, her serious gray eyes looking straight at him. A straw hat was tied over her ruffled hair, and with her bare hands she was carelessly knotting a little red shawl about her shoulders. ' Is it you, Esther ? I was just thinking of wander ing ghosts. You arefshutting off my light, and you might as well come in." " Ah, I did not think of that 1" The girl stepped quickly aside. " I am so sorry. No. I am not coming in. I have been sitting with your mother." " With my mother?" The young man's face flushed consciously. " You found her all alone, I , am afraid, and, of course, she was glad to see you." " Yes, she was alone 1" Esther paused just a second here, but then she went on steadily : " iShe was fretting, David. I am afraid she is too much alone. She is old." "Yes, yes!" David answers, a little hastily. "Just now, maybe, she is too much alone, but it will be dif ferent by and by." He glanced up at the girl who stood there mutely listening. " There will be a change. She will not be so much alone soon." " I hope she will not," was Esther's quiet answer. David's clear blue eyes looked at the young girl with a great friendliness in their glance. " It is very kind of you to think of my mother," he said, " hut you were always a favourite of hers. I like to think of your being with her always," And now, if the slender hands under the red fringe of the shawl are tightly clinched — if there is a quiver of the soft brown cheek, and a dull, cold pain finding its way into the tender heart — what is that to him ? or, how is he to know ? Only, only if David had wished to make another sketch of the girl with the black eye lashes, whom the Russian poet sang of — the Brown Marianne who wept under an apple tree — one would think his chance is here. But this Brown Marianne does not weep now. Oh, 110 — no matter how hot and near the crowding tears lie behind the white eyelids. " Good night, David." Esther stretched out the slender, strong young hand. " Good night, Esther ; I am very sorry you will not stay." She had gone some steps away across the turf, but some quick, stirring impulse — perhaps an innocent desire to get one moi'e glimpse of the dear old house and the busy worker there — made her turn and fling a last sentence over her shoulder : " I have further to go this evening. Ruth is gone away, and the house is shut up, so I must go on to grandmamma's." There was no more work done at the window that night. For a long time David sat with his pale face bowed on his cold hands, motionless. No gladness in him now ; the quick, stirring instincts of fierce and fiery work in him all dead ; light and passion gone. Ruth gone ! — gone with no message for him, and only that morning he had seen her, and sweet and warm in his heart her promise lay that in the evening time she would come, and, hand in hie hand, whisper " Mother" to his mother, pass her vow to be wife and daughter there, and David's home should be her home thenceforward evermore. Where was she now ? Still another long hour he sat there, so motionless that he seemed to be a part of the never-moving shadows. Then a feeble step came along the floor, a feeble hand touched his arm. " David, my son." " Yes, mother," he answered, gently, but not looking around. " Why do you sit here alone in the dark ? And you are cold ! See, your hand is cold. It chills me." The old mother had caught one of his nerveless hands and was striving patiently to warm it in her thin, pale grasp. " It is nothing, mother. I have been sitting here too long quiet. 1 must have lost myself." " Nay, you are in trouble, David. Do you think I cannot see ?" David lifted himself. He looked vacantly around. " It is nothing, I tell you. I will go for a walk, and then I shall be better." He had stepped to the window, but catching a glimpse in the dusk light of the old lady's sad, stern face, he paused. He stooped and kissed the wrinkled forehead under that white hair. - . " Good night, mother," he said, with a forced quietude in his voice. " Do not wait for me. I shall be well and will sleep when I come back. Do not sit up." " You are trying to deceive me," said the old mother, with a jealous bitterness in her tone. " Do you think I do not know ? I am old — ah, I have lived to learn many things. An hour or more, a long night's walk, win not cure tne pain leit Dy a laise woman s vows. Was it that his mother might tell him this he had lived through that sweet summer time with the woman he loved by his side, listening to his dreams — the whole wide, beautiful future clasped in their folded hands ? He did not answer for a moment ; his face seemed to grow wan and old as he stood with his sad eyes fixed on the distant wood. Then he gently released himself from his mother's grasp. " I think I am rather tired," he said, in a low voice. " Do not fret about me, mother. I will come back soon." His mother stood and watched him as he went away. "You will come back soon," she muttered; "you will come back soon — ay, but my son David, the lad who lived and wrought so cheerily in this room, will never come back to me again." Her gaze wandered and fell out on that other home, darkened now, whose shadow stretched backward and fell upon her own. Whither had she gone — that beau tiful woman who had wrought this change ? And now, even as the son had grown old and haggard and worn, the mother's face seemed to grow infinitely younger in the passion that swept over it, filling it with vital force. She lifted her trembliug hand and shook it fiercely at the house below the hills. " Wretch !" she cried. "What have you done with my son ?" to be concluded, A lecturer in Cork once began an address by remark ing, very solemnly : " Parents, you may have children ; or if not, your daughters may have." And concluded with : " There is no man, woman or child in this audience who has arrived at the age of fifty but that has felt these mighty truths thundering through their minds for centuries." Tommy — " Can we play at keeping a store in here, mamma ?" Mamma (who has a headache) — " Certainly, but you must be very quiet." Tommy — " Well, we'll pretend we don't advertise." 