TIIB LONDON WOOL MARKET. From Our Special Correspondent. LONDON. 20nr Januart. The Colonial 'Wool Brokers' Association met (as usual, one week beforo the opening date) on Tncsday last to make arrangements for tho rotation of soiling during tho first scries of sales for tlie year, whioh tbewool importers' com mittee had fixed should begin on tho 24th inst. i For some days beforo the time of meeting, oii unfounded rumor had been industriously circu lated, it Is assumed by interested parties, to the effect that owing to tho extremely limited quantity arriving for somo timo past, and the possibility of tbo sailing vessels not coming to port with sufficient des patch to allow of proper landing, handling and preparing for sale, it had been de cided to postpone the opening of tho sales for at least a week, or until the 31st inst. This canard "caught on" in some quarters, and somo anxiety was certainly manifested by consumers, who had allowed their stocks of tlie raw article to run down to small dimensions, to ascertain tlio truth on tho subject. Needless, to say that tho question of an adjournment was soon proved to bo without any foundation, so for as tho wool merchants' committee was concerned, the mem bers no doubt feoling that, with enough wool on band and in sight by largo cargo stoamers to mako up a decent sate, it would be almost a breach of faith towards thoso shippers who had perhaps paid extra freight to mako sure of having tho advantage of the January series should any action be taken to rob them of tho benefit of a deficiency in tho supplies of evon 30,000 or 40,000 bales. Beyond this very important question of keeping faith as far as poiriblo with the owners cf the weel r.ud on behalf of and to safeguard the best Interests of the wool growing community, I think one may justly givo to tho committee a certain meed of praise for boldly standing by their original deoision to open the sales on the 24th inst. with whatever arrivals may como to band, on the very tangible ground that this will probably turn out to bo a wiso and paying 'policy in tho long run. You have long sinco found out that tho slump in values at the close of tho London November salcR was a serious matter for growers, and to havo opened tho yoor with n series, in cluding as some fully expected 330,000 bales (and even higher figures wero currontly named), would have given wool but little chanco to re cover lo3t ground ; and, worse still, tho effects o£ a decline of 5 per cent, or 10 per cent, on tho markets for tops, yams and pieco goods would have boen deplorable ancl for reaching. The great want of the fine wool trade to- day is stability and back bone. This hesita tion and nervousness, arising partly from unduo caution on the part of consumers, as well as from tho "hand to mouth" policy pursued by somo others, havo to be overcome somehow, or the trado will go from bud to worse. It has been a pleasant tank to cbioniclo from time to time, sinco tho unhappy period of August last year, some features of amelioration and improve ment in the condition of tho wool trade, as re flected in somewhat higher prices for the raw staple now and again, but notwithstanding these brighter indications, thero is no gainsaying tho many unsatisfactory surroundings of the present and doubtful omens of tho future. The trade wants a fillip or something to set it going on a better footing, and oven if these rises aro nob fully sustained they do good for the time being by making peoplo place orders for cloth, &c.;, on a more liberal scale than they otherwise would if tho market kept at a "dead " respect able level, at tho bottom of the ditch. There is nothing which can compare for a momont under present circumstances, as a real tonic for prices, with a well founded belief in ashort supply, and on this ground alone I, for ouc (nctingin the intorcsts of tho wool growers), hail with pleasure tha announcements whioh appear from timo to timo that the supply wilt be much less at tbe forth coming series than at the corresponding sales of 1892\. Although the supply was only 142,000 bale? on Tuesday last when tho brokers mot, yet I learn that tbey drew up the list of sIes on tbo supposition that possibly 280.000 bales might be available (about 30,000 bale's loss than last year), but it appears extremely doubtful afc time of closing mail whether tho quantity will muoh exceed 250,000 bales. The Miltiades, from Sydney, reported on Wednesday as off the coast, must have a word of praise for an 86 days' passage and probable arrival to a good market. Also, tho General Gordon, yesterday, in a smart 82 days ; and the clipper Rodney in 85 days, from tho same port; while the Salami?,. affcera good run of 85 days from Melbourne, keeps up her repu tation. The actual quantities and current rates of the series wili reach you by cahlo long ere this is published, hut in tho anticipation of a firm opening, induced not by any improvement in trade, but for reasons above stated, it is ns well to havo theso few explanatory remarks, as throwing some light on the pro- " bablc course of events towards the middle of tho year. All the consumers I como in contact with dcolaro two things with barefaced confi dence, they cannot afford to pay a fraction, more than last sales' rates, and they don't mean to buy a bale moro than is needful to carry them on until the April sales, when they look for ample supplies of both fiuo wool ond crossbreds. Then, say they, wo shall havo tho whip hand, and get our wool on our own terms, that is at a lower figure ; and with overy disposition to prove that wool is now cheaper than it ought to be, it is a> mo3t difficult thing to givo any cogent reason why even present values should bo maintained, knowing, a9 l do, tho intense struggle for exist ence now going on, and the arduous efforts on the part of many good houses to face keen com petition, and to keep prices for manufactured goods anywhere near tho parity of cost of pro duotion. The modoru rivalry between Eng land, Franco and Germany for supremacy in the wool world appears more like . a fierce war of extermination for the weakest than anything else, owing to thu necessity of keeping tho enormous amount of machinery going to a large extent ; but this is not an unmixed blessing to the wool growers now, as tho disastrous trading of the past year or two has done much to impoverish tho manu facturers and mako them try to "skin" tho wool growers as well as labor. They haven't tho shadow of a ghost of a chanco of a big profit on the general run of goods, tho great difficulty being to obtain orders on anything like equitablo terms to keep combs, frames or looms running. It is absolutely necessary for wool growers to know the honest naked truth about the hard conditions under which work is dono in Europe. My special advices from the United Statos show that the woollen and worsted manufacturers have had a good year during 1892, hut the situa tion has changed for tho worse since tho election, owing to the uncertainty as to when tariff reform legislation will begin, and no one will buy on a large scale until tho opening of tho door for " free wool " comes well in sight Tho opinion is held by some that it will bo safe to buy in small quantities foreign niul colonial wool? at present prices if the purchaser can seo his way to keep them in bond until tho day of emancipation dawns, when foreign markets will probably advanco to such an extent as to m&ke; tlio ventnro a profitable ono ! There is, how ever, but small encouragement in such counsel, and tho best thing iu my view io for your wool growers to go in " hot and strong " for growing stout broad haired, long stapled wool, as strong, bony anil long as possible, so as to be rondy for the good timo coming. It will not matter much if the fleeces aro a bit yolky, so that thev aro bright and sightly, and will yield about 45 per cent, clean warp wool. I fancy it will take a deal of educating beforo tbe Americans will buy heavy greasy or touch scoured wool at nil freely. Thero h no doubt that tho reforming zeal of tho Democrats has been to a largo degree checked by the fact that tho preseut Government has depleted tlio Treasury and mortgaged futuro income to pay sinecure and old soldier pensions. This appears now a master stroke of diplomacy, and given vested interests — tho poor American wool growers ns well cs manufacturers —a fair breath ing time. I believe that in a few years you will find tho Americans snapping up all tho medium quality Australian crossbred wool with ftny stylo and woll skirted (?o as to obviate tho burr?) iu preference to eitbor Nov/ Zealand or English and Irish wool of similar quality, as they liavo a growing impressiou that their European rivals owo mucli of their success to tho class of wool used and the way in which it works up rather than to their superior skill. The arrivals of "new clip" River Plato wool on tlie various market?, so far, fully confirm ou personal inspection the somewhat unfavorable opinions previously expressed as 7o this sen-sou'? produce, which, though of fair quality and soft handle, contains for too many burrs nnd seeds, is aLo teuder and heavy in grease. This will tell in favor of Australian wool later ou in tho year, whon the truth is realised. Tho offerings announced for the opening day's salo on Tuesday next aro moderates, and not very strikingly representative. A fair show of Sydney, such as ICyanga, Corona, Bungle Gully, DM'R over Bullerawa, &e.; Queensland wool? include GF over Bimernh, Ruthveu, Glcnhill, Toolburra, cc. ; whilst amongst tho Adelaide may be_ named, Moorara, "Wilgona, Cuthoro J x P, JK conjoined, &o.; I trust my roport on pvioos may bo something good by noxt mail. 