“MISS PAULINE, OF NEW YORK.” CHAPTER XVIII, (Continued.) By St. George Rathborne. Author of “Doctor Jack,” “C.ptain Tom,” “Barron Sam,” Etc. Dick does not desire to prolong the affair beyond a reasonable time—he has already done what he wishes with the bull fighter—held him up to the ridicule of the people. The opportunity presents Itself, which he instantly seizes—those who watch him see him make a feint which dazzles Barcelona, who attempts to parry it, when from quite another quarter comes a thundering blow that strikes him on the side of (he head. It is a knock out, a quietus. The' Mexican king of the boll ring goes reeling back in a most undignified.manner, finally falling in a heap near the edge of the platform. Be moves cot —insensi- bility has doubtless resulted from the' American’s blow. Dick has kept himself ready, and had the other gained bis feet and attempted to draw a weapon he would hove found him self confronted by a revolver that meant business. “Gentlemen,” cries the American, iu Spanish, “you see victory has declared for the lady. You are chivalrous—you will wish her success in dealing with these scoundrels who would cheat her out of her birthright. Yes, you will escort us as a guard of honor to the Hotel Iturbe, so that the friends of yonder groaning bull fighter may do no harm. Am I right I” He has struck the popular fancy, and is tho idol of the hour—a shout arises, and our friends find themselves convoyed to the caravansary in triumph by at least two score of Mexicans, who cheer the American senor, the. ladies, and even Colonel Bob, until all are safe under the friendly roof of the hotel, when the excite ment dies away. Oar friends are there, left to obtain what rest they can after the exciting episode of the night, and in contemplation of what lies before them, for on tho follow ing day they leave the comforts of the city, and start upon tho dangerous road for the mines. . CHAPTER XXX. Dick is awakened on tho following morning by the strange cry of a vegetable vender shouting his wares aloog tho street. It is early, but there is much to be done, so he hurries out and begins the labor of the day Miss Paulino has loft everything in his charge, and when the caravan finally roaches a point of readiness, about half past ton, it is as complete an affair as could well be imagined—every man is well mounted and armed, bronchos carry toots and' stores, and there are riding horses for Miss Pauline and Dora, strong, gentle boasts, capable of doing much work. Had Miss Westerly the aplection of her mount shemighthave purchased an animal with more spirit in him, for she is a natural, horsewoman, and never more pleased than when breaking in a steed, inclined to be vicious. She even gives Dick a reproachful look. when shown her steed. „ That worthy hastens to prove how wisely he had chosen—their course lies only now and then through valleys or ovei^plains—as a general thing it is up and oyer the roughest of country. Miss Paulino gees £h 0 point, and laugh ingly declares her confidence in his wise forethought—his practical experience in this line ought to bo of great benefit to them all. Up como Dick’s hands—his attitude woufd delight the eye of a champion in tho ring, it is p so easy, so graceful, and yet so full of conscious strength. The Mexican appears to be a human avalanche, hurling itself down the side of a mountain. Diok is tho rock upon which it will split. Ho is no longer inactive—his arm shoots out and the loud thump is plainly heard* A shout arises as the gladiator of the bullupon staggers back from tho con cussion—he who has only been used to hearing ohoers in his favor now learns what it moans to fool ihe sting of rebuff, the shouts for his antagonist. Ho beooraos a little more cautious, since that first staggering blow has knocked a portion of sense into his skull —he waits for an opening to get in one terriilo stroke that will stretch his antagonist senseless at his feet. Now Dick begins to play with him as a cat would a mouse—his superior educa tion in this lino and the agile powers which nature has given him, make this an easy matter; indeed, there does not seem to be one in the crowd who does nob see through the bull-bailing and oi.joy it. Thus is tho biter bitten—tho man who has played tho Uoro so many times, and convulsed tho crowd by his antics with a poor, worn-out, and confused bull, now finds himself placed in something of the sumo position. He begins to experience a fooling that up to this time has boon foreign to his nature—fear becomes a factor in the game. What if, this American downs him before all those people—will Barce lona, tho pride of all Mexico, tho hero of a hundred victories iu tho arcus, over dare to lift his head in public again ? Ho would give years of his life for a ohanoo to boat this accursed gringo to a jolly in tho presence of tho people. How fiercely ho would send those powerful fists of his into that face which mocks him now with a smile—ho would mar the good looks of tho other forever. Back and forwhrd they push, cautiously sparring, and ouch watching for his chance, though every educated eye can see that Barcelona's only hope lies in a sudden ooup de grace, by means of which he will finish his antagonist. So they leave the oily about on hour before noon—a small crowd see them oft', and quite a number cheer tho American senor who afforded them such rare sport on the previous night. About thesfuno time another expedition is getting ready in a hurry—of course it is Lopez and bin adherents, also bound (or tho El Dorado What'was begun on tho Alameda may yet b6 concluded at tho mine,'for tho plotting Mexican has men there-who ore under his thumb, and who will obey his book and nod. Diok halts his oaravau some miles out side the city for dinner. They are" still in the beautiful valley of fuos Remedies, though leading up ii\ tho direction of a gap which leads in tho direction of the far away mines. k Xopking, back, they can see tho towers and domes of ,cho capital, on tho right perched. upon a hill is the sanctuary, Ohapultopoo on tho left, and tho towns of $qh Angelo and Tacubaya Farther down is the Church of San Esteban and tho famous tree of Nooho under which Cortez is said tfl kavo wept on the night q! hia disaatrous rotreat from tho City of July 1st, 1620. ' In plain viow are also (he cones of the several volcanoes, their snow capped tops standing out against the sky, and looking intensely weird in this tropical country which has never known such a thine as a frost,. When dinner has been eaten, the course is resumed, and quite a number of miles placed behind them ore the sun, reaching the horizon ahead, warns them that it is time to go into camp. Not a trace of civilization remains— they are surrounded by what is perhaps the grandest and wildest scenery on the whole American continent; great mosses tower above them, while below is a defile hundreds of feet in depth. A camping place is near, and they hasten to reach it—then the tents are hastily thrown up, fires made, the horses corraled, and all preparations made for spending the first night out. Dick studies his men some are strangers to him, although probably reco mended by others, and he denres to know them as well as possible, eo that in time of trouble he will be able to station them so as to get the best work done. All seems merry enough—provisions are plenty, the fires cheerful,' and more than one man sings a popular song, picked up, it might be, on the great Mississippi, the ocean, or some foreign land. Then a request is respectfully made that the ladies sing—Dick bears, it himself from the men, They are Americans in a foreign land, and Pauline is at last in duced to gratify their desires. Then the mighty hills and gulches echo, probably for the first time since they were created, with a woman’s song, Pauline gives them numerous selections, just as they come to her mind, but the one that takes them by storm and which is repeated by request, is the ballad “ Comrades,” which was just having its run in London and Paris at the time our friends left France for Mexico, and which Dick joins in rendering. Later on some of tho voyagers sling hammocks; indeed most of them dread sleoping on the ground in this country, where snakes of a poisonous nature, tar antulas, centipedes, and the like .roam about. Dick has posted his guards, and on this night it is easy enough to manipulate matters, since on one side of their camp the trail runs along what is really a shelf of rook, where one man can protect them from a surprise. No precaution is neglected—they have too great an interest at stake for that. The hour grows later and the fires die down ; the breeze rustling tho leaves, or perhaps a cry from some wild beast in the rugged defiles of tho mountains, is tho only sound that comes to tho oars of the guards, who, at a specified hour, are changed. Tho night passes without on alarm, and when morning cotnes Dick is pleased to hear Miss Pauline declare she slept well upon the cot prepared for Dora and her self in one of the tents. After an early breakfast* they start forward, as the day promises to bo a hot one, and they will want to rest several hours—between twelve and three. Ani mated nature is seen around them, plenty of gay pluraaged birds, some deer, and even a boar is sighted across a barranca. Colonel Bob catches sight of bruin just when he is about to enter a stretch of chaparral, and ho throws his rifle to his shoulder and fires. The bear vanishes from view, but one and all declare that brain was hit hard, ns they could see him turn and bite savagely at bis side as be disappeared from jnght. _ So they go along, niakit g good” progress’ all tho while, and plunging deeper and deeper into the wilderness. With rfsHSuro so lovely, and prospects so bright, with those they adore iu their company sixteen hours out each day, is it any wonder the two comrades are happy? True, they never forget that danger hovers over them—that one of the most remarkable of schemers is pitted* against them, and that even while ..they sleep lie is endeavoring to weave his spider’s web about them. Eternal vigilance is the price of safety, and they do not mean to be caught nap ping. Thus throe days pass—they have met one mule train coming from the mine laden with pure ingots of the precious metal, for tho El Dorado is now equipped with crashing machinery, the most modern stamp-mill, and all that tho best mines of Colorado could boast of. This train of pack mules has a convoy of soldiers, who have been actually hired by tho owners of the mine to protect their treasures en route. Think of hiring out soldiers for such a purpose ! “We are nearly there,” says Dick, when they made camp tho third night; “ by noon to- morrow we will be at tho mine,” It happens that on this night their camp is pitched in tho valley. A queer formation rises in tho middle of it, and upon this they have hit as tho place to rest. Tents arc raised, fires lighted as usual, some of. the escort fish in the stream with good success, while others, who are hunters by nature, wander oIT to see what game they can scare up. “1 am told this is called the Valley los Muertos—tho Vale of Death—do you know whore it received tho name V asks Paulino, after they have had supper, and while they sit about the fire, a cheery blaze that does much to dispel the dark ness. Tho conversation has been pretty much of foreign travel, and each one has some thing to relate in connection with tins strange things seen hero or there in lands far beyond tho swelling sea. Dick Denver frowns a trifle at Paulino’s question, and noticing the look surprise sh6 gives him, ho laughs lightly ns ho says: “ I' had Imped you would not hear tho name mentioned—Huggins was indiscreet to speak of it in your presence. As you suppose, there is a gruesome story con nected with this weird, uncanny looking, gloomy vale.” “ Do tell it,” cries tho ‘only Dora,’ rest ing her plump chin on one small hand and gazing pensively across tho fire a$ Dick ; I just |adore ghost, stories and incidents of that i\aturo. M : ss Pauline, ,aak him," as ihougti t\ request from that -source cannot fail to root-ivo proper atten tion. ' Miss Westerly turns her eyes .upon ■ Dick, nods a little, and smiles. That is enough—although ho does so under pro test, Dick, is compelled to obey, ♦' “ WoK,' the trxith of tbq’ matter- is, j years n^o ? when ttorado was in the ; Lopez {d\\\\\ily, and yielding move than any mine In Maxicoat tho time.aparty heading toward tho capital with a relay of mules, Irtdon ,with the riohost ore, almost pure metal, was surprised in this valley by the desperate bandits, who l abounded at that time, and though they fought bravely, they perished.” “ All ?” gasps the iptwostcd'Dorn, . “ Every living soul of that band, save a b(\y who nad acoroted himself in the sage bushes, and who saw the whole dreadful carnage. I heard tho story from his lips was a white bearded man when ho ';tdld.it, but 1 cqultpaoo hirt\ shudder as if * again ho saw ia imagination every detail of the awful massacre. Enough—let us talk of something more cheerfdl. You know now why the Mexicans call it the Death Valley.” He turns the conversation himself, and does his best to raise their spirits. In spite of his yarn spinning and songs of camp and field, it is plainly evident that a gloom has settled upon the party—even the sprightly Dora sits and hugs her knees, resting her chin between them and g«zing into the red coals of fire, as though she can see some of the awful memories that haunt this spot where a wholesale tragedy took place. Surely something must hover about the Death Valley that affects minds that arc generally gay—it is, in a measure, like sleeping beneath tho upas tree, and inhal ing the odor that steals one’s senses away in tho silent watches of the night. Dick sees the ladies to their tent— then ho goes in quest of Colonel Bob, whom he finds smoking a villainous Mexican cigar, which he takes from his mouth with every puff and examines with a glance that is solicitous, even while it speaks of intense disappointment. Dick an read Ids comrade like a book, and he knows the man from New Mexico has something weighty on his mind. “ Look here, Bob, you’re up to your old tricks.” “ Eh ?” exclaims tho other, as Dick’s hand comes down upon his shoulder, “ Hiding something from me—shame on you.” “Not a bit, old man. I’ve just been waiting until all was quiet and the ladies had retired. I knew, as certain as two and two make four, that you’d be after me for a consultation, and then I meant to tell you what I knew.” “ Ah 1 yes, wait until 1 get some fire —have ono of these weeds, Hob—some I brought with me from New York.” “Jupiter ! now you hit mo where I’m weak. There, old cheroot, all you’re good for is to pass the fire along. Well, woll,_this is„.comfort, solid comfort, bliss beyond comparison.” “ And Dora so near T “Great Scott I I 'forgot her for the moment—don’t ever mention that fact to her, my boy. But all the same, I’m very comfortable.” “And yet your mind’s not char.” “Ah ! there you have it—l’m worried, Dick. I believe our cnomiei are about to try and make history repeat itself.” “ I understand,” says the other, quietly; .“they will attack us to*night— Senor Lopez and his gang of disreputable characters. One thing is certain—tho City of Mexico was never so clean as now, since Lopez has carried away every rascal whom a few pesos or reals could bribe into a crime.” “ Yes, they’re coming to-night—several things toll me so ; among others the fact that just when wo came to this spot, and all wore busily engaged preparing for the night, I happened to cast a glance back ward, and at the point where tho trail passes up the defile and over the moun tain, I had a glimpse of several mounted men, There was no question in my mind as to their identity, for I was expecting them.” " Those words mean something. Why do you believe wo are to bo attacked to night?” pursues Dick, who would make a good lawyer, ho is so quick to aoiso upon a point. “ My informant is Tampa Garcia, ono of tho two Mexicans wo have incur train. Ho is n first class plainsman, but has been rather wild in Irs day, so that Lopez believed ho would join them. Tampa took his money, and was iu doubt what to do. The songs of Miss Pauline have driven tho bad devil out of his heart-dlic says she made him think of Ida earior days, of one who is with ihe angels now. Ho threw tho sonor’s gold into tho river wc passed yesterday, and. to-day rrsolved ti confess all to mo.” “This is.good luck,” remarks Dick, “So, you so-*, it was resolved before we left tho city to attack upr camp in Death Valley is forearmed, and wo’H tym that the yellow toys are warmly reooivul. To-night they will bo •taught a lesson never to ho forgotten—to night old Mexico will learn wlmt Yankee guns, backed by Yankee arms, can do.” Bob is not boaallng—ho moans every word ho says, and tho timo will soon como when the proof must bo at hand, “ You had an object in noj; telling mo boforo ?” “ Yes—l didn't want to alarm the ladipq—porhaps it would have boon better il\ough, to have lot thorn know. You ;eee where.l put their tent—not a stray 'bullet can strike it.” “ I admire your selection of bhc.grop.nck. Bob—it couldn’t bo bettered. But wo have work to do. —the in,on must bo warned, and oipj deduces improved.” \- <( .Tlxalj is so— wo don’t want to bo caugl\t napping. Game, wo will bo at it,” Presently every man in camp is aware of (ho coming a'tack—jho sound of axis ringing on tho timber is heard—some keep guard whilo the axmon strengthen tholr defences. Dick personally aqporin tends the fastenings of tlift horses, tied in tho mouth of a Ut'lo, l»Und canon that runs off’ from their cunp, and makes, a natural corral witjh tlnj, help of a few logs strotolmd as a karri* r at its mouth. ;Tho animals are precious to their pro gress, and they must take no chances of losing thorn through a stampede. Between tho two loaders eyery detail is looked into— men, all hn,vo plenty of an\munition and know how t;o. use it. There will bo dreadful slaughter wl\jn ,thoy open on t*Ue dgspiradooa whom ■iloxioan gold, has, hiijad to atlook thorn. The desperate senor has indeed adopted desperate means when he comes to this. His plans are working badly, and be has reached the lowest level such a nature can descend to, when, utterly regardless of human life, he determines lo annihi late the little party, if need b? # in order to grasp what ho desires. A silence like unto death hovers over the camp ot the Americans. These brave men crouch at their posts and wait to grapple with the canning foe who will come crawling through the grass and over the fallen timber like murderous wolves creeping upon their expected prey. The fires have all been extinguished, and now only the starlight remains to give them light, which, with the eternal hills all round them, is faint indeed. When all is made ready the comrades talk it over, and Dick approaches the tent which the women occupy. (to be continued.) 