ALL SALTS' CHURCH. 'i'ue Rev. Canon Poner, of North Melbourne, wis duly mJuc'elto th ? parish of All Saint.-, East St. Kilda, on Monday evening last, the service i ''ing cm Inc-od by the Rev. Canon llanfield in the absence of the Arch deacon of Melbourne. There was a Urge eo.igregition present, and the follo.ving ciergy also participated in tbe ceremony ; — Rev. H. Bennett, Caulfield Grammar School. Rev. Canon Vance, Holy Trinity, Kew. Rev. Canon Perks, St. Stephen's, Richmond. Rev. W. Stacey Chapman, D.D., Middle Park. Rev. Herbert Taylor, Christ Church, Hawthorn. Bev. J, Barley Sharp, St. Mark's, Fitzrov. Rev. W. A, Brooke, Port Melbourne. Rev. J. Stanley Low, Christ Church, St. Kilda. Rev. Auchinleck Ross, St. Martin's, Hawksburn. Rev. Charles Godby, St. Georges, Malvern. Rev. Fredk. Webb, St. Al ban's, Armadale. Revs. G. Sutton and Gladstone Hawke, Minor Canons, St. Pauls Cathedral. Rev. Geo. Torrance, Holy Trinity,. Balaclava. Rev. J, F. Stretch. St. Andrews, Brighton, Rev. A Blackett, St. Matthew?,, Prahran. Rev. Geo. Sproule, St. - Hements, Elstern wick. Rev. A. IV. Cresvvell, Camberwell. Rev. G. N. Bishop, St. Michael's, Carlton. Rev. Reg. Stephen, Balwyn. Rev. P. Bailhache, St. Stephen's Elstern wick. Rev. T. H. Rust, Oakleigh. Rev. Horace Tucker, Christ Church, South Yarra. Rev. J. H. Gregory, the late Incumbent. Tne service opened with the process ional hymn, ' Onward Christian Soldiers,' which was followed by the anthem ' Blessel be the God and Father,'' the solo portion ol whieh was allotted to Master A. Stevens who, as usual, was in fine voice. The hymn ' Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire,' was specially well rendered, as also was a Benediction anthem, a composi tion by the organist, Dr. Summers. The Rev. Canon Handfield preached an eloquent sermon, taking for his text 2 Cor. ii., 14th verse, ' But thanks be unto God, which always ieadeth us in triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest through us the savour of his knowledge in every place. For we are a sweet savour in Christ unto God, in them that are being saved, and in them that are perishing; to the one a savour from death unto death ; to the one a savour from life unto life.' In speaking of the induction service, the rev. preacher said he was present only bs the representative of the Archdeacon of Melbourne, who was unable to be with them; The duty to him (the speaker) was charged with personal feeling. He was there to indnct an old friend as the successor to a still older friend. As to the latter he would say that the church of All Saints was his monument. In departing from the church, be had conferred upon it what may be termed a ' possession for all ages to be preserved.' He whe came to succeed him would, he knew, take up the work in the same epirit of devotion, for he came amongst them the led captive of Jeans Christ, even as 8t. Paul came to the Coridthians. Therefore he (tbe preacher) wonld ask the brethren to receive him as becometh saints, and let the dead past bury its dead. ' God grant,' said the canon ' that the minister may be to you a sweet savour of Christ, and that from yon may sound out the word of the Lord around us, and that in all labor of love, in all patient endurance, and all energy of love, yon may strengthen the Cbnrch of this Diocese and in all time of her need hold up her hands' 