SOME QUEER TRADES. A ourious vocation is that of tho mon who sit on tho London sidewalks drawing piotnres on tho flags in particolored chalk. At night thoy bring roughly extemporised lautorns to bear on their work, a hat being placed alongside to rpooivo contributions from passers by. Some- Times inoy got quite a litllu monoy from foreigners, who aro struck by the novelty of tho idea. And as things go, it is an easy enough way to mako a living. Thoro is another sot of men in London who pick up a precarious living by giving kerb stono recitations. For tho small sum of 6d. (collected in advance) they will rooite a poom, impressively enough, and then seok another Btrcot oorner to repeat tho per formance. Not long sinoo I discovered a man in New York who makes a apooialty of matoliing lost buttons. His shop, a dingy' little low oeiliuged room, was surrounded by shelves, on which wore piled boxes of buttons of all sorts and conditions. While . I wna there a girl came in nud asked him if lie had any liko thouo on her jacket. If o took down several spooimons, nnd presently found one whioh ho sowed on. She paid him 10 o. That is tho usual price, though rnro buttons sometimes como higher. At regular intervals ho goes round collecting buttons among tailors and drossmakors, who savo thom for him and soil thom very cheap. Ho haB a set of regular customers, and they rarely go away without finding exactly what they A rather curious littlo industry whioh flourishes on tho rivor front is the sale of secondhand canaries. Tho birds aro purchased after they have lost their voices or contracted somo disease, and aro dyed until tholr outward appoaranco is attractive, but out of a dozen there is not one that is oapablo of uttering a single note. They are sold at a considerable . Profit, usually to verdant gentlemen from tho , suburban districts, or to Italian womon, who Pn)'ort thom into fortune tolling " Indian "|rus, and exhibit thom on tho street corners of Gotham. During a ramblo in tho Italian quarter of Now York I once came across a curious concern whioh doos a thriving business. It is an organ hospital, whero hand organs aro uoctorod and "brought up to date." It was a barn like room, filled with rows of barrel and piano organs, old and new. Gomrados was being hammered . with stcol taoks into one, while Waggle Murphy's Homo was being impressed in tho same fashion upon anothor. Another of tho curious institutions of Gotham is a "pot hotel, " Where families going out of town can lodgo their oogs, oats or birds. The oharge for earing for these domoBtio pots averages any whero from 50 contsto 2 dol. a week. Thcro is a gentleman in the Bowery who makes a spocialty of painting ovorbmok eyes, and at times ho doos a thriving business. If you havo been out with "the boys and got into n fight in whioh your fnco is damaged, this artist will diBguiso all tell talo marks of dissipation, and thuo savo you many embarrassing excuses. I know one man in New York who plios a tradothat is dcoidedly unique. Ho -bought an old dismantled tug boat tiiat liad boon sunk, and obtained permission to anobor it in the upper bay off Bedloo's Island. Here tbis sparrow mnrinar lives all the year round, and turns an honest penny by allowing becalmed sohooneni and storm tossed canal boats to tic up to him for tlie night, charging so muoh per hour. In heavy weather bis receipts aro quite large. There is another enterprising individual who runs a modern Grotna Green on the top floor of an office building in Upper Broadwny, whero doping couplos can be united "by logol ooutrnct" without going through tho formality and pub licity of a oliuroh wedding. So, again, thoro aro quitoa number of womon in the French quarter who aot as professional match makers. They oharge 3 per oout. commission on the marriage portion, whioh tho bridegroom has to pay. Thore is another set of women in Now York who mako a business of dusting valuablo china nnd bric-a-brac, while others have a speoialty of arranging diuncr tables. _ An industry whioh is not catalogued in the list of trades is that of grey hair pulling, but quito a few women in New York make their living in this way. A singular ocoupation for women in London is that of " convorsation crammor," whoso business it is to coaoii up ladies for dinner parties. In tho Rao do la Chaussdo d'Antin, in Paris, thoro is a man who furnishes professional dinors out at a fixed tariff rate. It is to him that superstitious hosts apply at tho last moment when they roquire a four teenth guest. There is a human hair market nt Morions, in France, where girls offer tlioir tresses to the Bhearer, who goes round cvory nlternnto Friday. The scarcest of hair is puro white, and, this being tho color for oourt ooiffures through out Europe, tho demand for it is on the inorense. "Convent hair" is also an artiolo highly prized by tho trade. When a young woman takes tho voil her hair is cut off and the tresBes aro sold for tho benefit of the oonvent. As tho hair is cut protty close to tho bead, the tresses aro usually long, and thus " oonvent hair " hns a special value. Most of tho false hair, how ever, whioh comes upon tho market is imported from Canton, whero it is taken from tlio heads of beggars, oriminais and corpses. As is well known, dog barbers form an im portant trado in Paris, nnd tho appearance of the Fronoh poodles whioh aro soon about tho Btroets gives evidence of their skill. Shaving oorpses is another pcouliar branch of tho tonsorial art. Yot thero are harbors who make a speoialty of it, and who cam moro than tlioso who sliavo living persons. I know of a man on Centro-street, in New Ynrk, who wns onoo a plain journeyman harbor, and who had to work 14 hours a day in ordor to pay rent nnd buy food. One day an nndertakcr in tho vicinity had a corpso who needed a shave, and ho sent for tho barber, who wont down and mado a boautiful job of it. 'That was til. starting point. To-day ho has moro businoBs than ho oan attend to, and koeps a oonplo of mon whom he calls on whon tho oorpses comb too fast. The echo destroyer is a specialist who is in demand for halls and churches whose acoustic properties nro faulty. Ho remedies tho fault by a sciontific stringing of wires. Time was whon the professional ghost hunter was accounted an important personage. This profession has ro-. cently keen revived, and at least ono gontloman Duds it sufficiently profitable to pay for tho printing of oirculars whioh ire has addressed to " landlords, house agents, nnd thuso whom it may coneern," in which ho states that ho "will be plensed to investigate and report upon any reputed haunted house, ascertaining the eause of, and putting a stop to, alt seemingly nnac- countahlo siirioks, cries, groaus, and spirit rap- pings, at tlio shortest notioo." Tho following advertisement, whioh I recently cut from a Now York daily, suggests another decidedly odd call- ing : — "Unruly nnd wayward hoys disciplined nt parents' residence." Thoro is a" Chinaman in San Franoisco, named Moy Hoe, who is em ployed to seek out nnd gntkor together tho bonos of his doooased oountrymon for shipment book to China. In following this curious occu pation ho travels incossantly from ono ond of the United States to the othor. To parado Broadwny in tho garb of an Indian with a viow to advertising dumb bells is anothor curious modo of kooping the wolf from tiro door. But probably the queorest living advertisement of all is tho "Bono Fisherman," who sits on a Fonrtcouth-stroet roof from morning until nigiit catching imaginary fish in invisible water. Another odd way of makingaliving is that of tlio man who sits inside tlio chess automaton at the Eden Mnsio. Thore are somo pooplo who oarn a livelihood by picking up poaobslones and making baskets out of thom. Others, again, wash postage stamps and sell them for new. I know one man in Now York who hires out artificial teeth, nnd nnolher who is a pawn ticket broker. His method is to attend a sale, buy in goods and then repawn thom. After that lie floats tlio tickets. There is another individual of my acquaintance who oarns a neat if not prosaio living by winding clocks in different parts of the city, each day taking a different route. Tea tasting is a rather qiieer profession, yet thero nro about 200 men in Now York who mako a living by it. 'i'hoy got from 75 to 150 dol. a week. The habits of the men aro ox- oeedingly ourious. So aro their offices. To drift into one of those places and find a man sitting half dreamily at a revolving tabic and sipping alternately from 40 or 50 difforcnt cups, as with monotonous and regular movements of tlio hand he revolves tho tabic, would ho a sur- priso to tlio avorago unsuspcoting citizen. Some times a ouriously contrived sign will givo an out of tlio way flavor to a commonplaco calling. Tims tho name " umbrella' hospital " invests parasol mending with a certain whimsical interest, and the quaint legend over a country cobbler's door, "Soles saved here," doos tho snmo for shoo mending. I remember oiiae seeing a singular announcement over a photograph gallery. It read, "Misfit photographs for sale." This, tlio proprietor told me, brought him many cus tomers. Mothers, foil example, with little ohildron often bought pioturos of children with long liair, when that of their own had not grown, and sont them to friomts at a distance. Brides' photographs, ' ho said, also sold ' very woll. ... . " Plots of Novels for Sale. Prioos Reason able." So runs a sign in a window of a littlo shop on a street running oft tho Strand, whioh I disoovorcd on my last visit; to London. On making Inquiries, I found that the ocoupant of the shop was a paralytic college student, who had conooivod tho idea of making a living by soiling skoletons of storios. Tho success of this original business is romarkable. Tho plot makor drives a paying trado with writers for the oheap papers. Another ouriou9 calling is that of a "soriver." These worthies manufacture the cords for tho sham orlpples and bogus blind mon who infest largo oltics. London is .singu larly prolifio of theso impostors. Thoy mostly emanate from two or tbreo oommon lodging houses. : The most popular of these, to whioh I obtained admission, is known as "Tho -Dispen sary. " It'- is hero that tho " sorivors " ' hang out, nnd an industrious ono oan live comfortably on liia talents. Tlio professional beggars of Paris have an organ of their own, called tho Journal dei Mendicants ("Beggars' Journal"). It appears twice a wcok, and is quite a well managed paper. A rooont issue contained, among others, the following ourious advertise ment " Wanted to engage, a cripple for a soa side resort Good rofcrenoos and a small doposlt required." This announcement is not by any moans to bo regarded as a hoax. Tho proprie tors of hotels and boarding houses at fashion- alilo watering plaoos nssumo that visitors would be disposed to give alms if nn opportunity wero afforded them, and, as thoy cannot vory well do tho bogging thomsoivos, they engage profes sional beggars, to whom thoy grant permission to solicit alma on their promises, nnd the beg gars in return pay thom ono half of their daily reooipts. This advertisement had reforenco to an arrangement of this kind. This list of quoor oooupations might bo ex tended ad infinitum, but space forbids. Those are a few of tho moro curious callings I have oomo ooros3 in the oourso of my wanderings j thoy eould ho mot witli only in our timo and in suoh capitals as London or Now York, where the population in goneral lias not the faintost idea now somo smau pare ot tunc population lives. — Lippineotl's Magazine, 