I RECITING AS A FINE ART. (London Daily News.) The fact that Recitation can be made a fine art will be brought home to many a mind by an article on the late Mr. Branuram just published in " Blackwood." Mr. Brandràra certainly brought public recitation to as full and high an artistic purpose as it has ever yet been made to reach. In recitation, as in poetry, according to the very familiar -somewhat too familiar words in Horace, there can be no medium way. It must be either sublime or ridiculous. Indeed, despite of Horace, we venture to assert that there may be minor poets, but we insist that there can be no minor reciters. One must bring genius to the work of recitation, or he had boiler forswear the work altogether. Fanny Kemble never was sur- passed as a Shakspearian reciter. Those who are happy enough to have heard her recite the lines in which Wolsey takes fare- well of all his greatness ought not to regret even the length of years which they have had to pay for such a privilege. The late Sir. Bellow was a splendid reciter of the somewhat flamboyant type. His fine face and stately presence lent additional attrac- tion to his voice and his intonation and to his sudden electrical effects. Miss Glyn was in many qualities a fine Shakspearian reader, although she never took a really high rank as an actress. In fact, the craft of a reciter of Shakespeare is not by any means the same sort of thing as the craft of an actor of Shakspeare. One of the most magnificent roosters of recent days was Charles Dickens. To be sure he recited only from his own works as a rule, and therefore we may suppose that the full inspiration was in him. Dickens, as we road in the " Blackwood " article, spoke of Brandram as " a man who interprets me better than I can interpret myself." That was high praise indeed; but there were many persons who thought that Dickens did not always interpret himself quite satisfactorily. Some of us could never entirely give in to Dickens's interpretation of his own Sam Weller. But Dickens was on the whole a magnificent reciter, as he was undoubtedly one of the finest amateur actors and one of the most brilliant after-dinner speakers England ever possessed. He contrasted curiously as a reciter and as a speaker with his great rival Thackeray. Thackeray was one of the poorest of speakers, whether after dinner or before. Yet his reading of his lectures on English humorists and on the Four Georges was in its way exquisite and almost perfect. It could hardly be called recitation in the familiar sense. It was not mere reading, for although he had the manuscript always before him, or rather beneath him, he seldom stopped to study it-not often even glanced at it. But he spoke like an ordinary cultured English gentleman reading aloud to an audience on some subject in which he is deeply interested, and about which he wishes to enthral their interest. His voice was clear, but had no great capacity or variety of sound. Yet the effect which was produced by certain passages of his readings was such as could hardly be surpassed by the most brilliant professional reciter. The closing sentences of the lecture on George In-the description of the blind, deaf, insane old man wandering through his rooms and murmuring Milson's pathetic and terrible words about the darkness-the appropriate appeal from Shakgpearfl's " King Lear" to " vox not his ghost, oh let it pass all this used to be listened to by audiences who positively held their breath to hear every word, and then When the whole was done relieved their feelings by peal after peal of applause. The unaffected simplicity of the performance was probably one of its great charms. Thackeray was very happy, too, in delivering sometimes the words of others. His recitation of Hood's "Bridge of Sighs" was most pathetic and touching) every heart moreing. There are and there were some of on public men who might have done wonders in the way of public recitation if only the destinies had forced them to enter the field. The late Mr. Bright, for instance who could have recited Milton as he could? He delighted in reading Milton to his friends, and dull indeed must the friend have been who did not delight in the recita- tion. The late Dean Stanley heard Mr. Bright quote at a dinner given to the American anti-slavery agitator, Mr. Garri- son, some lines from Saint Paul, and be expressed a rapturous wish that he could hear them even for once delivered from an English pulpit with such simple and sublime effect. We have heard that Mr. Irving was immensely impressed by Mr. Gladstone's way of delivering some Hues from " Hamlet." Mr. Irving, it should be said by the way, has a very remarkable gift of recitation altogether apart from his gifts as an actor-for, as we have said, acting and recitation are quite different things in art. Garrick had great qualities as a reciter, although it used to delight Dr. Johnson to set him what we may call puzzles in emphasis, and to insist that he laid the stress upon the wrong word every now and then. The business of public recitation is one which can give the very highest delight or the very dullest de- gression to an audience. Men like Mr. Brandram and Mr. Bellow were looked for with the keenest expectation and long- ing by vast popular gatherings. In this country we have a large proportion of intelligent people who for one reason or another will not go to a theatre. Mr. Brandram brought the theatre, or at all events he brought the drama, to such people, and he thereby rendered them a most valuable service, which was undoubtedly well appreciated. Few men ever enjoyed a wider popularity or were more welcome when they came. His example ought to be followed-that is to say, the men and women with the gift ought to use the gift publicly for the public delight. Mr. Brandram became a public and professional reciter unwillingly, and only because the conditions of his life at one time compelled him to make use of his marvellous memory and his endowment of voice and expression as a means of beef hood. The conditions which compelled him to this course were his losses, but were the public gain. The eightieth birthday of the famous Norwegian writer, Fru (Madame) Camille Collett, was celebrated on the 23rd January last. A. grand public taste was held in Christiania in her honour, when Henrik Ibsen, the dramatist, presided at a banquet given on the occasion, and the whole city was illuminated by a torchlight procession of the Norwegian Students! Club. Fru Collett is described as a wonderful woman, who has worked hard for her own sex in connection with the women s franchise. Ever, at her great age she con- times to take no inconsiderable part in advocating the movement. A most interesting speech was made at the supper by Fru fOBOJ Nielson, who said that Camille Collett has taught Scandinavian women to write and to work. She was the Mme. de Sevigne of Nor- way, and to her the women of the country owes much, for " until she took up her pen on their behalf they were not allowed individuality, or even a heart." CiEAxrao SHeET. AU difficulty in keeping silver, electroplate, late, untarnished and with a brilliant polish may be obviated by using God dard'sNon-raerciirial Plate Powder. Sold every- where in boxes, Is., 2s. 6d" and 4s. 6d. six Gold Medals. Sole Manufacturer, J. Goddard Leicester, England.- [ADVT.] 