ffiv YEAR'S CARNIVAL/ The New Year's Day celebration passed off vest-erday with great crlnt. The weather was delightfully fine, and the out-door gatherings passed off very enjovably. 'i'HK RAILWAY" TRAFFIC. The railway station presented a lively appear and yesterday morning, when, as usual, there was a heavy passenger traffic. The outward receipts were larger than tliey have been on any Xew Tears Day for some considerable time |iast. Twenty special trains inwards and out wards Ikid to be put on. The number of pns fcn-;ers 011 the Melbourne line was .",r>J8, in c-lns'iiipf 500 for Ravenswood, 200 foy Mary borough, J,301) for CasUcmaine; the reeeipis amounting to £51G los Gd. . Last year.the num ber of passengers was 1,500, and the receipts i'iftl 17s. On the Wycheproof line yesterday l):erc were 249 passengers, the receipts ainouiit Intr to £15 i>s 10d; but in addition to this there were about .'1,000 passengers conveyed to Marong for the Oddfellows' picnic committee. On ilie Eehuea and Kerang lines there were 433 passengers with receipts ((.mounting lo £5S 43 ;M, ami on the Wallan line 237 passengers, re ceipts .L'l.S Ms :>d. The number of passengers inwards could not be ascertained last evening. The district traflic manager. 111*. F(ij: Pollard, ami (lie station masters, Messrs. Sinclair and M'Taggart, are deserving of credit for the ad mirable maimer in which tliey arranged, matters to cope with the unusually heavy-.traffic, and Mr. Mitchell, the head porter, and Messrs. H. Hill and .J. Cock, booking clerks, arealsodeserv ing of mention. THE ODDFKLLOU'S' PICXIC. This annual sports gathering. was, as usual, held at the police paddock, Marong, yesterday. The locality is eminently suitable for picnic purposes, being within easy distance of the city, and close to the railway station at Marong. The attendance of the public was larger than on any occasion for years past. It is estimated that fidly 3,000 persons visited the grounds by rail while another I,COO must have arrived by vehicles, for there was an timisuulk large num ber who drove out from the city. On arrival on the ground the picnickers spread themselves in "roups under the shady trees tint abound in the"paddock, and an ample supply of water was obtainable from the Bullock Creek which runs through the property. Amongst ihosc present were the immediate pastmaster of the order in the colony, who, as usual had a good supply of creature comforts in his conveyjiee, and the Provincial C.S. was also conspicuous in this re spect, the locale of their respective conveyances being the scene of a jovial croul during the afternoon. The picnic committee l.id made ex cellent arrangements for the comhrt of their patrons, and everything passed ofl very well. The usual pastimes incidental to s-.ch gather ings were indulged in,such as swings,merry-go round, swing-boats, racing, etc. Avery good programme of athletic sports was gois through and resulted as follows : MAIPKX K.u'i:, 100 yards.-Skutbrpe, 1; Tremaine, 2: Armstrong, H; Cuthbertsin, ?}. A protest was lodged against the first meitioned man on the ground that he was notauaiden runner. As he declined to sign a statutry de claration, lie was disqualified. TheaecoU man who said that his name was Toman, aU his address was Campbell's Forest, also won} not sign the declaration, and the committeeiave yet to decide who shall get the stakes, lere were 21 entries. Bovs' HACJS, under 14 years, 100 yards Dorge, 1; W. Rnle, 2. ODDFELLOWS' HANDICAP.-L. A. Skuthorp, scratch, 1; Willis, 4 yards, 2; J. J. Murray yards, 3. GIRLS' RACK.-Miss Barrett, 1; MissM. Wal lis, 2. 1 TILTIKO TX THE RINT:.-Connor, Cummins and Wallis tied and divided the prize money. QfuiTs.-Thompson. ?The lion. Joseph Sternberg, M. L. U, was an efficient starter and master of?? sports; Mr. \V, Honeybone was judge, and Mr. S. H. M'Gowan referee, and amongst others who worked hard to ensure the success of the gathering were Messrs. A. Waujjh, secretary of the sports com mittee, H. B"isselman, Jonkinson, F. Buckell (the Prov. G. M.) T. Bowen (the Deputy Frov. G.M.), J. Tregear, the president of.the sports ?committee, and Mr. S. Brocklev, the treasurer, Messrs. S. Johns, H. Hill, Anderson, Price and 'Tresize. Dates' Hopetoun Brass Baud was in ?attendance, and at intervals during the after noon rendered selections of music hi fine style. Mr. S. Freeman, of the Harp and Shamrock Hotel, had charge of the publican's booth, and did a good business; while Mr. Jane at the Temperance booth, and Mr. G. H. Sullivan at the fruit and lolly stalls, were also well patronized. Mr. Tlios. Pook, the old and ex perienced secretary, was at his usual post, .and to his experience and tact in carrying ?out the arrangements, the success of the cele bration was doubtless mainly due. Thepicnickers returned-homo in the evening welj satisfied with the outing, no untoward circumstance bavin" occurred to mar the day's enjoyment. ° SALVATION ARMY PICNIC. The Bendigo and Eagl ehawk contingents of the Salvation Army to the number of 200 or :i00 held their annual picnic at the Botanical Gardens. During the day two open-air services were held, and out >door games and amusements incidental to such al fresco gatherings were engaged in with .zest. The pickniekers returned to, the city at dusk. . ' 'GOLDEN-SQUABE WESLEY AN SCHOOL. The scholais of the Golden-square Sabbath :Se'uool journeyed to Ravenswood for their annual picnic, about J,500 persons being pre sent. The site selected was a spot a short dis tance to the west of the railway line, in every .way suitable, and all thoroughly enjoyed the outing. The superintendent (Mr. H. Saunders), the secretary (Mr. .T. H. Crump) and a large staff of teachers exerted themselves to promote the pleasure of the picnicians. Mr. J. Roberts, of Hargreaves-ttreefc, catered for the outing. ROYAL PRINCESS THH4.TRE. There was produced last night at the Prin cess Theatre, for the first in the colony, an en tirety iiew and original pi ly iu five acts, en titled "A Prodigal Son," in which Mr. I^eitch and his efficient company were seen to the best advantage. " A Prodigal Son" is undoubtedly the finest piece iu which the company have yet been seen, and that it proved a genuine and complete success i.vas manifested by the great enthusiasm' with H'hich it was received by a very crowded and thoroughly pleased audience. The play abounds in scenery of a most elaborate character,; some of the sets being really magsjficent and, provoking frequent outbursts of applause. De serving of special mention are the sots present-; big views of the bay and coast of Morne, the Curragh Heads and Braeher Falls (by moon light-), a rugged and most pipturesqne bit of| scenery, and a vision effect snowing the prodi gal son 011 his way to penal' servitude. The stage appointments were in each instance com plete, and exhibited evidence of careful and complete attention to the minutest details. I lie drama itself is full of life and movement/ "1 introduces some 30 different phases of character, together with situations of, a sensa tional and emotional order. The mote serious anddraniatic episodes are relieved by a grentrjeal of the humorous side of life, in which Mr.Leiteu , haa an opportunity of shining conspicuously, the plot is as follows Hardy Measer and Dr. Abel Paul are rival candidates for the ?borough of Morne. Measer, a hrrd grasping inan, was once Commissioner of Lands, and in "us position he acquired rsueh estate. He is wanted by Dr. - Paul, a son cf Judge Paul, uirough the influence of Abel's 'foster-brother, . V! Heme, a master' fisherman whon> the Judge adopted as a child. " Measer is bitterly | enraged against David, trho is in lovo with his daughter, Lorna, and is still more embittered against Judge Paul. David asd Abel, brought }!P from childhood, have been rivals for the love of Lorna, who hag given her feanrt to David, but Measer determines to keep the in yiart and jnarry Lorna to his nephew., ."??Ie Crofter. This drives David to reckless ways, and he has become as much a rnvsterer Md smuggler as he is a presumed respectable Jishermau. It transpires , that David is a ,I'itural son of Judge Paul, who, while loving Abel as a dutiful son, cannot restrain the great »ve of his heart going out to David, and to cr'ver this assumes a harshness towards liiin which has occasioned much' of the reck lessness which is undoing David. The latter is in- debt to his .men, for the expenses of tbe election of Abel, pr6sa«l or money, and knowing Abel will not stand S^CU^ity ^or a debtor, he in a mad moment puis Abel s name to a bill. ' Mea««r , and Jarkle Softer become 11 ware of this, and hope to bring David to punishment. Their hopes are u^feated "J the generosity of Abel,: who acknowledges «ie signature as his own. In the secpud act I * id self-banished from the 'house, 5s; jiving honestly b}T his legitimate calUiig. Un-j known to everyone he and Lorna have become man and wife. Ho is seen biddaig'to Lorna j one night by Jarkle, who believes tiiCr? is la Suilty love between tliem, and in ra<»o at tnr 'disappointment of his own' hopes puts! the worst construction : on the episode ll' ^ Abel Paul. Abel seeks Javid at the Curragh Head, and taxes him with this Crl-ne' ?avCV cnraged at Abel's bflief in v'Ttc,ll!Shte" I'im, and Abel furiously S -m to I?orw! combat- 1'ho fi-hfc cn the ?Ueads is watched bv Jarkle Crofter Divid 5"} -Wo. stricken with re the Jhr i 7?'?? slrikes Abii!> ""ho falls over the cliff, and David, turning Uu I.itc to nee tbe ^llainous act, believes he has killed Abel. In coat W -t!'0Ugh JarkIe 41-el's coat and the knives as evidence of David's v,;i't is nrp M1 n10 victim cam,ot bo found, and it . ?and Ms'on, ? lh\"Vs Larry Meelish fca * TT -haVe taken thc W<!y 01lt to 6ne lt buria'l. An order is issued for c iwr arj-est, and David surrenders himself to shield tiiem,. Tite judge is appalled and full. o£ remorse. It would go hard with Davey, but the faithful Larry Meelish steals and destroys the evidence obtained by Jarkle. Judge Paul has sent in his resignation, and another judge is coining to take his place, but owing to a series of accidents, planned and carried out by the cunning and ingenious Larry, the other judge does not, arrive,'and consequently Judge Paul has to sit in judgment upon his own son. Lorna announces her marriage as a plea against giving evidence against David.. ? The result is. that the latter is convicted of .manslaughter,, and sentenced by his own father to 15 years' penal servitude. The ship taking David to his prison \varj wrecked, and David, the only sur vivor, found himself on the Cnrragh Heads, the plaec where bis crime, was committed, and on that spot he lias lived since in loneiines3 and sincere repentanou. A landslip has occurred, which makes a visit to the Heads almost impossible. . But the fever breaks out. in. Bella Jlorne, and the people take to; the hills', amongst them some of David's old companions, who on seeing him believe it is his ghost, and flee. Larry Meelish and Lorna also come to the plai'e: The former .finds David aud en treats him to vetimi, but lie refusete, as ho con siders liis punishment just-he has killed the best friend God ever gave to man. Just then a cry is heard for help. A figure crawls up the rock, and knocking at the hut door demands assistance for a shipwrecked creature. David recognises something familiar in the man's tones, and eventually discovers in the stranger the long-lost' Abel, whom David' y thinks had been killed" by his hands. Abel and1 David return to the old home. The judge has lost his sight, but with Lorna recognises David's voice, .Jarkle is defeated in ins nopes or Liorna, and also in the making of a will in his favor by Measer. The two recognise David, and order his arrest' as' an escaped criminial, when Larry Meelish enters with Abel, and all ends happily. The above are the main details of the story, but surrounding it there are a number of exceedingly diverting episodes and situations in which the drolleries of Larry .Meelish find full vent, and keep the audience in a constant state of hilarity. Of the acting, it may be said the piece re ceived every justice, though,, naturally, there is room for improvement as is always the case with first productions. Mr. Leitch had, of course, .the greatest responsibility in the way of amusing' the audience, and in the character of Larry Meelish, a rollicking, light hearted, witty, young Irishman, a combination of Conn the Shaugrauri, Mvles- na-Cappaleen and ^Sham the Post, succeeded in keeping the audi ence in roars of laughter throughout. Messrs. Wilson Forbes and Hans Phillips, as the foster brothers, each played with ? fine dramatic force and executed a fight on the cliffs with much realistic effect. The villiarious element was de picted witli satisfactory results by Mr. Chas. Fabert, as Hardy Measer, and Mr.. W. . J. Beresford as Jarkle Crofter, both : earning the compliment of being hissed by the audi ence for their evil deeds. Miss Ada Laur ence played tlie part ' of Lorna Measer and made of the character a loving, courageous and faithful heroine. All the other parts were of lesser importance, but in many cases there were several bits of good acting* which, how ever, we cannot now refer to in detail. " A Prodigal Son " is likely to meet with a large measure of success in Bendigo. It will be repeated to-night, and also.' oii Wednesday and Thursday evenings. On Friday and Saturday next, the two last nights of the season, " The Flying Scud " will be produced. . THE PALMER-BEAUMONT.; CONCERT. The fame of the artists in the above concert company was sufficient to draw a crowded audience at the Masonic Hall last evening, and it may also be said that such an array of musi cal talent has seldom visited this city. The very fine programme submitted, was opened with two quartettes bracketed (a) "When Even I'ng Twilight" (Hatton); (b), "Blue Bells of I icotland" (NeithanU); and with siich capable icansis as ;urs. rainier (soprano), iviiss i\iaggie .\irling (contralto), Mr. Amies, Beaumont (in or), and Mr. A. H. Gee (bass), t'.- rendition was everything that could be derad. Mr. Gee followed with "The (>a. Hussar" . (Diehl), and his-magnificent voii was heard to the best possible advantage. He itlg the composition in an exceedingly vivatms and spirited manner, securing an en thusiiiic encore, to which he replied with " Ho -Hy Jenkin" with; equal merit. Mr. John Lnmone, flautist to the company, gave two nuroer3) "Neapolitan Serenade" (Paggi) and fantjia 0n Welsh airs (Lemmone). Both items we. gems of instrumentation, and the assemblaj. testified their high appreciation by recalling U artist. Miss Maggie Stirling, who is gifted , a fine mezzo-soprano voice, created' a nost favorable impression in her songs,»Sunshine and Ruin" (Blu menthal) id <.'" Caller Herrin' " (Gale). For the latt she received a pronounced and enthusiastic 'core and responded with " The Cowsare in tliCorn," in capital style. As Mr. Armes Beaumo, made his appearance he was greeted with loi and continued applause. It, is some SO years;ncc ^jr>- Beaumont began his cureor as a voc;sti anf\ duriug the whole of that time he has ,en a great favorite with the music loving pub. 0f the colony-hence his enthusiastic receptn " Once Again " (Sulli van), was the becn;ng title of his first song, and lie gave it with,^epth of feeling both rare and artistic. In. the v,.0nd. part he sang "Star of Bethlehem" (Adai.^ with fine conception and'finish. For both niihers he wasrecalled, but returned and only bow his acknowledgments. He also took part in thfluet " Love and War" (CooUe) with Mr. Goe,yiiei.eiti their voices blended admirably. I'hei^nQlficeiitrendltion secured a hearty encore,they respouded ' witli the latter portion othe duet. A harp , solo " La danse des Fees" \Vvars) by Mr. W. ! T. Barker, A.R.A.M., gi.tly delighted the ' audience, and for a voeifeijg encore gave a Welsh air, ., which : was qu, a treat. He also with Mr. Lemmone took ^t: in the flute and harp duet '' Romanza" lallico), a piece ? of instrumentation both nov. an(j interest ing, and which received unbowed applause. Mrs. Palmer received quite an,,atjoniWhich, unmistakably proves ? her. to 1 an evergreen favorite with tlie public of Bend^t Her sing ing last evening was as charmin)ag ever, and. it u.(Jdition to having a good vo, s|le |)tts ex. ccllent ,conceptions of 'the songsnder study, and consequently her interiiretatio are trueas well as artistje. Whgu the Hea.;a Young" (Book) was given with excellent tt0 an(j ex. preasion, ami fioron>ai)ded an e«£o;:e;.\jch COuld not be denied. " Home Sweet Hpnji ya3 the response, sung In a. delightful iJlijep, aijd enthusiastically received. She sulqijently gave " Annie ; Laurie," in . the , r^itg^ 0f which she has few equals. At the ccjugfon of this favorite Scotch ballad.she wa3 a;n en. cored, and gave in response '' How to i- an(j £o Have" (Lover)- rendered with a. beting hm^ci-.<jus insight. " Thou art passing llce»» (Sullivan* w*.? Mr. A.'H. Gee's second fcoi ; which his fine'eonQfous voice was heard.;^ telling elfect, and he 'feuccsjdecbin obtain, ai double recall. The part songs, ." Funi.^ Funnicula" and " Dame>Durdeh" were er^.j able items,, the latter concluding a really .g,]; coiic«rt.~ Mrs. Palmer and J Messrs. Lemnv and liiVar noted as accompanists with efficivj skill. A wofiiof praise is due Mr. Bateman f his tasteful stu.gt» dsc;}rfttions. To-night and t morrow 'evening thu company, appear., i rieniliquin, and Thursday and Friday at Echuca SPORTS AT MARYBOROUGH. Tlio uki^al sports of the Highland Society; were held yosfcrjlay. in . the Princes'. Park. j The weather was lie^ijtjful, and there'was a very large attendance, , Greg.£ interest was evinced in the various events, particularly the; Sheffield Handicap, of £100, apd some ; yoijr exciting finishes took place. It was won by J.j Bishop, of Melbourne, who recently won the' 4J0 yards at Bendigo. The following are the' retsutt.;,-; - " \ ; i SaKKPiEf^ IJ".;.>-niCAi>, of £100, 130 yards.-' First, prize, £70;'iimi, £20;: 3rd,' £10.: Eirst heat-A.;E. Cummins, Q ytti'iis. jSg£ond heat-! E. Jones, 9i yards, and G. Dovvnt'e, ilf.' j;aj:rjs,; ran dead heat; Downie won in the run o&V; Third heat -G. Clarksori, 10 yards. Fourth heat- J. M'Loan, 6 yards. Fifth heat-W.'B: Clarke, ? j ajt'df Sixth heat-W. Shovelton, 7 yards., \Yebfe X'Q'J. but was disqualified for. sending' ii>?; iiicflrj/eefc )performances.' Seventh heat - R. Jolly", J2' j-ards.'-. Eighth heatr^-'J. 'Atkinson,- 8 yards. heat-S. H. Wenlock. 8 yards. Tenth heat L. H. Br.owiiiillryards. - -Eleventh heat-R. A: M'Donald, 8 yards. Twelfth' heat-J. Young, 8 yards. Thirteenth heat-H. Devon, 8 yards. Fourteenth heat-Geo, Eddy, 10 yards. Fif teenth . .heat - D. M'Rae. . 9 yards. Six heat-T. A: M'Gregor, 10 yards. Seyen£.e,onth heat-A. Brown, 10 yards. Eighteenth ,'jeat-C... White, 10 yards. Nine teenth heat-J, JJislwp, 10 yards. Second round: The following "Wen fheir heats:- Clark son, Clarke. Atkinson. L. II. Brown, Eddys, T. yGregor, and J. Bishop. Final heat-Bishop, ?J. .-ylarkson, 2; Clarke, 3. liroivn, of Eagle hawk, .\viip ij'.on the Miners' Handicap at Ben digo was a hoi f&j;/oritc, .but he ran very badly, caused liy JJiahop ran a groat race, and g'i?t hon[ie by baiely' sj;-: italics in the fast time ot H <-3th see. A deal of dissatisfaction was expressed a,L the'decision, Ahif onlookers thinking Olarkson had v.'on, Makvjiohoituh HANDICAP, one mile. First prize, £12; second, £5; third, O'C'al laghau, 70 yards, 1; R. Bitslnck, (10 yards, 2; R. M'Gregor, 00 yards, 3. Time-4 min 25 sec. Hurdlk RACK of £10, 220yards. First prize, £0; second, £3; third, £1. First heat-J. M'rtbney, 30 yards, 1; .T. Robertson, 15 yards, 2; A. liili. 2-J yards, 3. Time-25 see. Second heat-J. Caine»(.u; 28 yards, 1; T. Keilson, 24 yards, 2; G. M'Carthy, 22 yards, 3. Time-25 sees. Third boat-P. J. (->'Lti«.iy, 28 yards, 1; F. E. Reaper, 25 yards, 2; E. "Boauauiu, 17 .yards, 3. Time-25 sees. bicvc-a; R.jf.'E OK . £35. One and two miles. First prize, i'20; iceoud, £10; third, £3. - One mile event-T. W. Fi2iiaysoj;, 215 yards, 1; L. Herman, 40 yards, 2 ; A. A. Middlplo;;, yauls, 3. Two mile event-A.-A. Midrtlelrm, 310 yards, 1; J. A. Johnstone', "'330 yards, 2; D. Jewell, 330 yards, 3. NET,' YEAR'S GIST. 440 yards. First prize, £20; second, £7; third, £3.-First heat-D. O.Doherty, 32 yards, 1; W. I'.PManus, 7 yarcb, 2; .T. Robertson, 24 yards, 3. Time-4S.\ see. Second heat-Geo. Tydeman, 2G yards, 1: R Letcher, 34 yards. 2; J. Atkinson, 17 yards, 3. Time-50 sec. Third heat-J. Bishop, 20 yards, 1; W. A. Ross, 28 yards, 2; J. .T. Donovan, 28 yards, 3. Time-50 2-5 sec. . Final heat-Bis hop, 1; Doherty, 2; Letcher,.^. . Time-47J'se<5 SAFKTY BICYCI.E HACK, of £10. Two' miles. First'prize, £6; second, £3; third, £1.-h. IJahl bcrg.j 210 yards, 1; J. A. Shucll, 290 yards, 2; R. Taylor, 330 yards, 3. : ? ; SEBASTIAN RACKS. The Sebastian races came off,yesterday in Mr. Charlton's paddock. Th'is was the first meeting held there, aud the committee were well satis fied ilvith the support accorded to them. Fair entries were received;,tuul,sqme,good, sporfc re Eulte'd. A good number of visitjrs rilled up fromiBondigo, but not many bookmakers were present. Mr. Charlton acted as starter, aud Mr. \V. Gunn aa judge. The following are the re sults] : SEBASTIAN HANDICAP.- Fleetfoot, 1< Myrtle, 2\. Sonny won, but .was disqualified-/ /. . / r " ; Pcisv TROT (14 hands).-Jennie, 1, Tommy, 2. PONY TROT (13 hands). -Littlo Jim; l^Toby, 2; Pop, 3. HACK RACK.-Beauty, 1; Newry,2. Ni'mrod won; but was disqualified. ; r MAIDEN PLATE.-Ring, 1; Nimrod, 2. i PONY- RACE.-Fleeefoot, 1; Naylor's Nellie, 2\. ' TIME TROT.-Bluff. A: match between Gunn's Tommy and Hamb ling's Jenny for £5 aside resulted in the latter winning. W. Kerr r'odethe winner. ' . SPORTS AT ELMORE. In the Elmore Park yesterday (wires our'cor-'' respondent) a most enjoyable, programme of horse and foot racing was decided. There were about 400 persons present., The. entries were numerous, and the finishes in some cases excit ing; Results . s ; ! \ , ? ? ? . ? ? MAIDES PLATE (horses) .=-Dasky, 1;: Cutler, 2; Lady Burnewang, 3. MAIDEN FOOTRACE. - C. Gregory, 1; W.' WhitAaw, 2; R. Balding, 2. HANDICAP TKOT.-Holly; 5 1; - Senolina, 2; Wild Jack, 3. ' NEW YEAR'S HANDICAP (horseB).-Salesman, 1; Coral, 2; Whipstick, 3.*'.' <." ?*.>" < ;: ' ' HURDLE RACE.-Darky, 1; Little Don, 2. .' BOYS.RACE.-Jas. Tilford, 1; 'W.Hart, 2: SHEFFIELD HANDICAP.-R;'Balding, 15 yards, 1; J, Devereux, 18 yards, 2; F, Vines, .10 yard3, 3\. : Eleven started. ' : ' ?' HACK RACE.-Coral, 1; Jumbo, 2; Ida, 3. 