THa Treasurer (the hoen. John Henry) left Delo-aine by the first train yesterday morning, and after spending a few hours in Launceston, proceeded to Hobart by ex press train. He will returu to Devonport to-morrow. Auowna the passengers from Hobart by the express train yesterday was the Chief Secretary (hon. Adye Douglas;. YESTERDAY the scholars and teachers attending the Trinity Church Sunday school held their annual picnic at Penquite. There was a large gathering of children, who during the day indulged in all the outdoor amusements known to them. After a really enjoyable day's outing the children returned to town at half-past seven in the evening. AT the Wesleyan school room, Balfour street, last evening the Rev. D. J. Flockart recited Lord Tennyson's famous and well known poem " Enoch Arden," before a large audience. The reverend gentleman recited this poem in excellent style, which was thoroughly apprcciatcd by those present, as shown by hearty applause at frequent intervals. Later in the evening the Rev. Flockart recited the humorous story " Me and Bill," which greatly amused the young folk. Miss Weston and Mr H. Rushfirth sang solos, while the choir rendered several choice selections during the evening. MR NORMANs CAMERON wishes us to draw attention to the following remarks contained in one of his late speeches, which were omitted in our necessarily con densed telegraphic report, and which he considers were worthy of special notice: " I do consider in present state of colony Mr Back's salary is too high. I would .make the Solicitor-General and Crown Prosecutor one office, not the Attorney General. I never said I would abolish sheep or cattle importation. What I did say was-personally I would like to see them kept out, but unless it was the wish of a clear majority of the electors of the district I would not vote for a farther in crease in the duty. Lastly, Ministers have never stated what they propose to do in the matter of the deficit of expenditure over revenue, nearly i4400,000 now. I would require an explanation on that before I could support them." Massus Church and Goodall, Brisbane street, have just opened their stock of Christmas goods and a special collection of art work, for which the firm has established a name. The art room on the second floor attracted numerous visitors yesterday, and the pictures which were arranged for in spection were very much admired. Among these are numerous steel engravings of celebrated artists' works, including the following subjects: - "Captain of the Eleven," "A Thorn Amidst the Roses," " A Glimpse of Loch Katrine." " Violets, Sweet Violets," "The Ruling Passion," and "The Day of Reckoning." The last two are companion pictures, and tell a story of the ruin which occasionally follows ,unsuccessful ".plunging " in the betting ring. A very fine collection of French photographs has also been received, and these will excite a considerable amount of admiration. Classical subjects are well represented, "Thisbe" and "Alethe, Priestess of Isis," being among the collec tion. Orders have been sent for a number of panels in oil. A very nice pair has been received, the subject being " Marche aux Servantes," by Perez, and others are expected to arrive shortly. German photographs and prints embrace a very wide field, and they are sold at an exceed ingly cheap rate. The etchings are well worth inspection. It will be seen by a glance at the window that the firm has every regard for the desirableness of novelty. The changes of pictures are very frequent, in order that the public may obtain a fair idea of the representative stock within. Among the photographs in the window yesterday were those of Mrs Brough, Miss Myra KLmble, Miss Hilda Spong, and Mrs Brown-Potter. Prang's art prints, which always attract notice, have received careful attention by the firm, who have made an excellent choice of subjects, several of which were on view in the window yesterday. A flue col lection of Prang's art books has also been secured. The subjects of these include "Haunts of Longfellow," "Flower Fan cies," "Home of Shakespeare," "Good Luck," " Autograph Recipes," " Notes from Mendelssohn," and others. Artists will inspect with interest the latest of "Vonga's studies," in oils and water colours, a number of which have arrived with the new goods. The Christmas cards on view are elaborate in design, and in finitely varied in colour and style, the publishers having introduced many novelties, a specialty having been made of comic subjects. Ample provision has been made to meet the requirements of pur chasers of Christmas and New Year pro. sents, and the feature of the stock is that everything is of the latest style and the best that can be obtained. As an instance the loather goods may be referred to. They embrace purses, ladies' hand-bags, tourists' cases, containing writing ma terials, etc., albums, the work and material in which are of the most superior kind. The number of visitors to the art room of Messrs Church and Goodall's is daily in creasing, and a visit affords opportunity to spend a pleasant half- hour. BtRIsBANE-sTREET was yesterday evening the scene of an unusual occurrence. That portion of the street between St. John and Charles-street has lately;been re-metalled, and in order not to interfere with the traffic the work of consolidation is pro ceeded with at night. Last evening work was being carried on by a gang of men engaged in filling up the interstices between the lumps of metal with tar and sand. In the centre of the roadway opposite the International Hotel was a fire, over which a cauldron of tar was hanging. Suddenly the tar caught fire, and a gigantic bonfire was the result, dense clouds of black smoke rising from the fire, which together with the glare attracted a large crowd to witness the strange spectacle, thinking that a conflagration had broken out in one of the business premises in the neighbour hood. Strenuous efforts were made to quench the flames by means of throwing sand on the fire and burning roadway covered with tar, while one daring spirit thought to put out the flames by throwing a wet piece of felt over it, the effect of which was to make the flames burn with increased energy and to cause some of those standing round to run a narrow escape of being scalded. Ultimately the flames were got under without any damage being effected, though daylight this morning will doubtless reveal that some of the shops in proximity to the scene of the fire have assumed a dirtier tinge than before. WE have received from Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., booksellers, George-street, the Christmas number of the MIelbourne Piunch. It is splendidly got up, and the illustrations are good and varied, and the reading matter spicy and piquant. The number is certainly in advance of previous Christmas productions, and should meet with a ready sale. Torosonnow afternoon at three o'clock the opening ceremony in connection with the Holy Trinity Parsonage, Lnawrence street, will take place, and it is to be fol lowed by a drawing-room sale of work. Some Benares brass work and filigree jewelry will also be on sale. The proceeds of the sale will go towards clearing off the debt on the Holy Trinity Church. LisT evening a special holiness meeting of the Salvation Army was held at the barracks, led by Major Dean, assisted by Rev. W. Shaw, Pastor Wright of South Australia, Captain Miiller, and the local officers. There was a good attendance of members and friends, and earnest addresses for the repentance of sins and all wicked ness were given, those present paying great attention to the addresses of the above gentlemen. YESTERDAY there was on view at Messrs W. T. Bell and Co.'s new mart, Charles street,an extensive consignment of Japanese wares, art curios, and ornamental house requisites of original and quaint designs. They will be sold by auction to-day at 11 o'clock sharp, and apart from their intrinsic value, should attract numerous purchasers as being most suitable for Christmas and complimentary presentation. The new mart will be opened with this sale. THE Treasurer notifies in another column that the land tax for 1893 having become due and payable on October 1, proceedings will be taken forthwith against all persons upon whom a demand has been made for the payment of the tax, and who have failed to comply with the request. No further notice will be given before pro ceedings are taken to enforce payment. . THE names of the ladies and gentlemen who are to appear at Mr Harold Ashton's first peoples' popular concert, in the Academy of Music on Friday evening, are published in another column. It will be seen that many well known and popular local vocalists are to take part, whilst addi- tional attraction will be lent to the pro- gramme by the inclusion of Miss Ethel Pearson, Mr W. Mackenzie, and Mr H. Macfarlane from Hobart, and Miss Ruby Clifford, a talented elocutionist from Mel- bourne. It is Mr Ashton's intention to give these concerts every Friday evening, and as he intends to maintain them on a high artistic standard, they should receive the hearty support of the music-loving public of this city. To-oronnow morning's train from St. Mary's will run through to Launceston as a cheap excursion train, passing stations at the usual time. On the return journey train leaves Launceston at 5"20 p.m. Tickets are also available on following day. The train usually lesving Conara Junction for St. Mary's at 1 p.m. will be delayed until 7 30 p.m. to-morrow. AN exhibition of work done in the Laun- ceston Technical School will be opened to- day at 2 p.m. The doors will be open until 4 p.m., and again from 7 to 9 p.m., and admission will be free. At eight o'clock a public meeting will be held in the Minis- terial room, when Mr Peter Barrett, the chairman, other members of the local com- mittee, and gentlemen interested in the movement will speak on the matter of technical education and the absolute neces- sity for it being recognisea by every pro- gressive community. Ladies are invited to attend. WE have to chronicle the death of a very old and much respected resident of Moriarty, in the person of Mr Patrick Nolan, who pass d away at his residence on Friday evening. The deceased had been suffering for some little time, and much regret is expressed in the district at his demise. He was in his 58th year, and leaves a widow and large family (grown up) to mourn their loss. The funeral cortege left his residence on Sunday after noon, and was very largely attended. All along the line of route followers joined in, and when the procession arrived at Latrobe fully 60 horsemen and between 20 and 30 vehicles were following the remains (says the N.W. Post), which were taken into the Roman Catholic Church, where prayers were read by Father Corcoran, who also read the funeral service at the grave. TH' usual monotony prevailing at Moorina was broken on Friday, 8th inst. (writes a correspondent), when a concert was held for the purpose of providing funds for a picnic for children attending the state school. The attendance was all that could be desired, many coming front Derby, Gladstone, and Weldborough to take part and assist. The chair was taken by Mr F. E. Bomford, J.P., and the several items rendered were enthusiastically received by an appreciative audience. Mr Dolan was inimitable in his song "M'Namara's Band," and Mr Stanley delishted the audience with "The man that broke the bank at Monte Carlo," both receiving an en- thusiastic recall. Mr Ling sang " Gently does the trick," and was well received. The Misses Dickinson, of Gladstone, were well received with their duets, as also were the Misses Kennelly, of Derby. Miss Davey, of Weldborough, sang "List to convent bells;" and " Dear little sham rock," receiving well merited applause. The quartet, "Rose, shamrock, thistle, and Waratah," was well rendered by Misses Robinson, Mab Bomford, Boundery, and Tilley, and gave evidence of careful pre paration. The following also took part and were on the whole remarkably well received :-Misses Barnard and Boundery, and Messrs Morgan, Harris, and Feutrill. The thanks of the people of Moorina are due to Mrs and Misses Bomford for their un tiring efforts to make the concert a success, not only on this particular occasion, but on every occasion when the welfare of the community is at stake. Thanks also are due to Mrs Patten for her kindness in lending her piano. After the concert the votaries of the goddess Terpsichore enjoyed themselves for four or five hours. " LONGFORD NOTES" writes :-A meeting of farmers was held at the Blenheim Hotel on Monday evening for the purpose of taking into consideration the adviseable ness of forming a farmers' club or co operative society for the district. There was a moderate attendance, Mr T. W. Hortle occupying the chair. After discus sing the matter a committee, consisting of Messrs T. W. Hortle; G. Gill, A. G. Cox, L. Stephens, and H. Young, was appointed to gather information and report to another meeting later on, with a view of calling a public meeting on the subject. Me FRA.NK RocKLIFFE, aged 64 years, of Sassafras (writes our Latrobe correspon dent yesterday) died at his residence about 11 o'clock on Monday morning of heart disease. His death was not altogether un expected, as he had been unwell for more than a week, and took to his bed last Thursday. becoming unconscious on Sun day mornimung, and passed peacefully away at the above-mentioned hour. T''he de ceased gentleman was one of the early colonists, having arrived here in the beginning of the fifties. His death has cast quite a gloom over the district, where he was well and favourably known, and very deep and general sympathy is felt for the sorrowing relativis. AT the lodge meeting of the Heart of Oak, No. 84, U.A.O.D., held yesterday evening, a resolution was passed expressing sympathy with, and promising support to, the objects of the Assistants' Half-holiday Association. The Arch-Druid, Brother G. Bracken, and several brothers spoke strongly in favour of the movement, and the lodge pledged itself to do all in its ponor to bring it to a successful issue. THE anniversary in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday school was celebrated here (writes our Sheffield correepr?dent on Monday l?st) on Sunday, when three ser mons were preached by the Rev. J. Pollking horne, of Longford. The church was filled on each occasion, many not being able to obtain seats. The preacher on each occasion delivered practical and appropriate ser mons. The choir and children sang very nicely. Miss Robertson presided at the organ. The tea meeting took place here yesterday, and was in every way a success. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Hope (2), Clerks, Rouse, Lord, Edwards. MIisses Lord, Wyatt, Aclklin (2), Best, and Smith. The public meeting followed, the Rev. W. C. Edwards in the chair. Excel lent addresses were delivered by Messrs J. Polkinghorne and E. Solomon and the chairman. The choir rendered several hymns in a pleasing manner. A compre hensive vote of thanks was passed to those who assisted in making the meeting such a success. Mr C. C. Spottswood, secretary of the Sheffield I.O.R., announced that on New Year's Day the tent and the different temperance organisations in the district were to hold a picnic in Mr James Hus band's paddock, and that a public meeting would be held in Roland Hall, Mr Thomas Hainsworth to preside, and if reports are reliable it promises to be an unqualified success. The collections on Sunday amounted to £9, the proceeds of tea to £17, making a total of £26. WITH reference to the report which I appeared in Monday's issue of Mr W. T. H. Brown's meeting at Campbell Town on Saturday last, "An Elector" draws our at tention to the error that was made in substi tuting Mr Bennett's name for Mr Brown's, it being the latter in whom the vote of confidence was carried with (says our cor- respondent) three such ringing cheers for Mr Brown as h~ve not been heard in Mr Lawson's Assembly Room for many years." We publish the correction with pleasure, although it is obvious from the tenor of the meeting that it was Mr Brown who was meant. THE usual meeting of the St. Leonards Road Trust wes held at th, St. Leonards Hotel on Monday last, all the trustees being present. The secretary reported that the Pattersonia Trust had not yet replied re offer of rates. The chairman reported that the willows on the station road had been cleared away, and Mr Summers promised to look to the culverts and have them put in order. It was res)lved that the road through the township should bas put in order and the gutter cleaned out. Several complaints were made that carters of metal spilled a lot on the road to town, and that they used the drain at Killafaddy as a brake to their carts. It was decided to summons all offenders in the future. Messrs Dent and Peck were appointed to look at some proposed work on Abel's Hill, and report at the next meeting. It was decided to ask the church trustees to cut back the parsonage hedge a foot, as it encroached on to the pith. After discussion on other matters, the trust rose. THE dairy industry at Lilydale is pro- gressing (writes ia correspondent), Mr .ames Wilson having determined to keep to the front and have a steam factory with a 3-h.p. engine and 4 h.p. boiler, and Laval separator. The machinery was erected and started in five days, Mr Chas. Lowe being the engineer. The dairy building is neat and strong, fitted with ventilators and concrete floor, and the factory was started on Friday last. This is the fourth Laval separator at work in the distict. THE fourteenth anniversary of the Scotts dale and Jetsonville Presbyterian Sabbath schools was held yesterday (writes our Scottsdale correspondent on Monday last). The day being fine the church at both services was crowded, the Rev. T. Cun- ningham preaching in the morning and the Rev. T. Alday officiating in the evening. The children mustered in good force, the platform not being large enough to accom- modate all of them. Many had to find seats in the body of the church. At the next anniversary the com- mittee of management ought to arrange for holding the services in the Oddfellows' Hall or the Mechanics', as many were not able to get sitting room in the church. Quite a new departure obtained in the shape of a piccolo being added to the choir, which was in the opinion of some of doubtful advantage. The usual tea and public meetings were held on Monday, the speakers being Revs. T. Alday, T. Cun- ningham, and Messrs C. S. Button and John Cunningham. The collections on Sunday were £6 9a 4d, and the proceeds of tea £8 3s 63, totalling £14 12s 10d, being 7s 2d less than the best for the last four years. -The heat during the latter part of the paist week, as also on Sunday, was very oppressive. - Our orchards are being stripped of small fruit by small green beetles, which destroy everything they come across, and are doing great damage in our gardens. THE consecration of the Rev. Dr. Delany as Bishop of Laranda and Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart took place at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, on Sun- day, and was of a very imposing character, the ceremony being per formed by Archbishop Carr, of Mel bourne. The cathedral was crowded, many being unable to obtain admission. The Rev. Father Rogers preached the consecra- tion sermon, taking for his text Acts of the Apostles, 20th chapter, 28th verse :-"Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you brothers to men the Church of God which He has purchased with His own blood." During the service the joint choirs of St. Patrick's and St. Alipius, assisted by many leading amateurs, rendered Haydn's No. 3 or Imperial Mass most effectively. Arrange ments were made for a number of presen tations to the new bishop, and the first of these was made on Saturday at the bishop's palace, when the vicar- general, Dean Hoyne, on behalf of the secular priests, presented him with a handsome address in a pure morocco case, which read as follows : -" The Right Rev. Father Delaney, D.D., Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart. My Lord, We, the secular priests of the diocese of Ballarat, desire on the occasion of your consecration as Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, to express our sentiments of affection and esteem in your regard. Whilst we regret the loss of a prudent, ever faithful friend and zealous co-labourer, we rejoice that Rome, by raising you to the Episcopate, has recog nised in you those qualities which have made your ministry here fruitful in good. Henceforth you will have a wider field of labour, but you will also have the addi tional strength inherent in the episcopal office. Your p'st is to us a pledge of the future, and we pray that the days of your rule may be long, happy, and peaceful. We beg your Lordship's blessing and your acceptance of the accompanying slight token of personal attachment and esteem. Signed on behalf of the clergy--Jio. AoOAN, V.G., Dean of Bsllarat." WILLIE, one of the Dora Dora blacks, who was captured near the Bundaberg show ground, was brought before the police court Saturday, and remanded to Maryborough. He left by the afternoon train, securely shackled. Since his incar- ceration Willie has been nonchalant, and does not attempt to hide his identity. He states that his mate Jackey speared the murdered man in the back, the two blacks being both in the employ of the Victorian police at the time. Jackey and Willie absconded, fearing arrest, and since then they have escaped detection in three colonies. Since the flood early this year they have been in the vicinity of Bunda- berg. Willie says that he lost Jackey in the scrub near Bingara six months ago, and has not seen him since. He acknow- ledges to have had arms, but refuses to dis- close their whereabouts. The prisoner is in splendid physical condition, and takes the matter very quietly. IN view of the bonuses offered for the ex- Sport of cheese, the Department of Agricul- ture, Melbourne, is endeavouring to ascertain what freights the leading ship- ping companies will charge for the carriage of cheese to London, the price of cheese in the English market, and the prospects of that market during March, April, and May (says the Argus). As soon as this infor- mation is obtained it will be sent to the managers of the various cheese factories throughout the colony, and they will be asked if they are prepared to forward shipments of cheese. It is expected that the first consignment will amount to about 50 or 60 tons, and that it will be despatched by the R.M.S. Arcadia early next month. FROM Mesers Halcomb and Morgan we are in receipt of the December number of the "Building ar.d Engineering Journal." THE Rev. W. Shaw will conduct the usual weekly evening service at the Patterson-street church this evening. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be heod at the Public Buildings to-day at 4 p.m., when the taxing proposals will be dis cussed and general business transacted. O&4mTAuLLY the best medicine known is Sanders and Sons' Eucalypti Ertraot. Test its eminently powerful effeoots in cought, colds, in. fluenza-the ltlief is inctantaneous. In serions cases and accidents of all kind :, be they wounds, burns, crlddings. bru! ,oe, *prmine, it is the easfest emedy-no swoeling, no inflaima lion. Like 'urprising effoot' prolduced in sroup, d:ar hdsrlo, bronbhltia, snflammat!on of thelungt, awelliag., eto., lirrhscem, dyseutalrt, dlseasoes of the kidu,.ya and uatiut"y Jr:e,nus. In 'ae by hospitals and medi al clunics ci over b' globe I patroniand by his t?rtsijtyc the Winn if Italy: ra r elI with uieded ,n.i r'lploman a. Interna*loial exhlbt!ion. A.?ceardarnm. Trust in this appro'ved artiole and reject all othere, *?* -Whole.tl~e dopots for Trauasnia. L. F:ir thorns and Son and Hatton and Lasn. Re tailed by ohemlas? and storokeenera at ?.i.- 5.rd 2\. 6d p-8r eostis. 