Story Column. Now Fibst Bodlished. ALL ALONG THE RIVER, UT MISS BRADDON, "Aurora Floyd," "Dcnd Men's Shoes," "Tho Day Will Como," "Phantom Fortune," "The One lung Needful," &o.; &o.;, [?] CHAPTER I. The Raen Set Eakly in To-night. It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still, in that feeble and desultory manner which proBages a change of some kind, when the postman came with the long-expected Indian letter. nearly 2 o'clock, and Ieola had been watching for him Bince 1, watching with an unread book in hor lap, and her un tested luncheon upon the table. She had been sitting by the open window, looking out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull gray river, with the great green hill beyond, a steep slope of meadow land, dotted with redcattleand Titanic chessboard. At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman's heavy hoots, and saw his shining oilskin hat moving above the edge of the hollies, and heard the click of the iron latoh as ho came into the little garden. She called to him from the window, and he came tramping acrosB the sodden grass and put her letters into her out stretched hand. One from her sister in Cadogan place. That would keep. One from an old schoolfellow. That would keep. And one — the long-looked-for Indian letter, whioh she tore open eagerly, and read hurriedly, devouring the close lineB, in the neat, black penmanship, with _ its derided up and down strokes, and legible characters, so firm, bo strong, so straight forward, like the nature of the man who wrote the letter. Tho tears sprang to her eyes as she / came to the end, and her hand crushed ;the thin paper in a paroxysm of vexation or despair. ' Six months — perhaps a year before he can come back, and 1 am to go on living here— alone, unless I liko to send for a girl whose face I never saw, to keep me company, and ckeer me with her good spirits. I want no strange girls. I want no one's good spirits. I hate people with good spirits. I want him, and nobody bnthim! It is hard that we should be parted like this. I ought to have gone with him, in spite of all the doctors in Christendom.' She relented towards the letter which her feverish hand had used so badly. She smoothed out the flimsy paper carefully with that pretty little hand, and then she re-read the husband's letter, so full of grave tenderness and fond, consoling words. He waB with his regiment in Burmah, and the present aspect of things gave him no hope of being able to return to Dug- land for the next half-year, and there was no certainty that the half-year might hot be stretched into a whole year. The separation could not he more irksome to his dearest Ieola than it was to him, her husband of little more than a year ; hnt not for worlds would he have exposed her to the risks of that climate. He took comfort in thinking of her in the Bnug little Cornish nest, with his good Tabitha. Isola kissed the letter before she put it in her pocket, and then she looked round the room rather dolefully, as if the CorniBh neBt were not altogether a para dise. And yet it was a pretty little room enough — half dining-room, half study, with well bound books on carved oak shelves, and photographs and bright \- draperies, and cosily oushioned bamboo ohairs, and a birdcage and Persian cat, and the garden outside was not flower- less, even on the threshold of winter. The purple blossoms of the veronica were untouched by frost; there were pale tea roses gleaming yonder agmnst the dark gloss of holly arid laurel. There were star-shaped singlo dahlias of vividest red, like spots of flume ; and close under the window, lest splendour of departed summer, the waxen chalice of a lilium auratum trembled on its tall stem, and filled the room with perfume. The rain was over — the monotonous drip, drip, which had irritated Isola's nerves all that morning, had ceased at lost. She left the modost little lunch untouobed upon the table, and went out into the hall, where her hat and jaoket hung handy for any impromptu ramble. No need to look at oneself in the glass before going out of doors, at twenty years of ago, and in such a place as Trelasoo. Ieola took her stiok from the stand, a green orange stick, bought in tho sunny Bouth, on her way to Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely trip, whioh had been to them as a second honeymoon after a few happy months of wedlock. Thon had come the sadness of parting, and a swift and lonely return journey -for the yonng wife — a lonely return to the Angler's Nest, Tre- lssco, that cosy cottage between lost- withiel and Fowey, whioh Major Disney had bought and furnished before his mar riage. He was a son of the soil, and he had chosen topitoh his tent in that remote spot for the sake of old associations, and from' a fixed belief that thero was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues, which a man should \- seek in his home. Isola rarely touched that Btiok without remembering the day it waB bought— a rainy day in Milan — just suoh. a day as this, alow, gray sky, and an oppressive mildness of atmosphere. She. 'remem bered with the siok pain that goes with , long partings how she arid her, husband had dawdled away an' afternoon in the Victor Emmanuel Gallory, buying hand- kerohiefs and neokties, a book or two„n collection of photographs, and. finally the \- orange stick. - '.'.v.-. V She went out to walk down her de- nresrion before teatimq, if possible. „ She, wont along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a road that skirted those green pastures whioh rose sheer till the ragged odgo of the topmost boundary seemed to touch tbo dim, gray sky. She passed the village inn, doadly quiot at this season and at this hour. Sho passed the half-dozon decent cottages, and the three or four genteoler houses, ench in its neatly kept garden, and she walked with quiok, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor-go wu well clear of the mud, her stick striking the hedgerow now and then, as aho swung it to and fro in dreamy thought. ' Along, lonelv winter to look forward to— a winter like the last— with her books and drawing hoard and her oottage piano and the cat and the fox-terriers and Tahithu for her daily companions. There were a few neighbours within a radius of half a dozen miles who had been very civil to hor, who called upon her, Bay once in six weeks, who some times invited her to a stately dinner party, and sometimes at a suspiciously short notice, whioh made her feel she was wanted to fill a gap, who mado her free of their tennis lawns, and who talked to her on Sundays af tor ohuroh, and were always very particular in inquiring for any news from India. There was not one among them for whom she cared, not one to whom shewonld have liked to pour out her thoughts about Heats or Shelley, or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Bulwer's ' Audley Egerton ' better thou any of those flesh and blood neighbours. Sho was happier Bitting by her chimney corner with a novel than 'in the best society nvailablo within a drive of TrolaBCo. She struck off tho high road into a wilder hill thon that where the red cattle were grazing. The crest of the hill was common land, and dark fir trees made a waving lino against the autumn sky, and the view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark gray soa far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off tho watery way to the new world. On tho landward slope of that wild looking ridge was tho Monnt, Lord Lostwithiel'B place, uninhabited for the greater port of the year except by servants, his lordship being the very last kind of man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long' day's journey from the London theatres and the Thames Yaoht Club. Who was Lord Lostwithiel? Well, in the estimation of Trelasco, he was the only nobleman in England, or say that he was to all other peers as the sun to the other planets. He belonged to Trelasoo by reason of big large landed estate and the accident of his birth, which had taken place at the Mount, and although his character and way of life were not alto gether satisfactory to tho village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Isola DiBnev climbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tali fir columns and looked downjat the November landscape, very distinotly defined in the soft, gray at mosphere. She could see the plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white against the deep, rich red. She could see the winding river, bluish gray, between its willowy banks, and far offi towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orange and tawny and russet and dun colour between the bine- gray water and pale gray sky. She loved this wild, lonely hill, and felt her spirits rise in this lighter atmoB- phere as she stood resting against thp scaly trunk of the fir, with the wimi blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only the Blecpy Persian cat or the hypor-intalligent fox- terrier for oompany. There was a longer und more -picturesque way home than that by which she had come. She oould descend the other side of the hill, skirt the gardens of the Mount by a path that led through the park, and whioh was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favourite wulks, and she was so accus tomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house lhat she never expected to meet anyone .more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child upon tho footpath. There was a thiok chestnut cop.se upon one side, and the wide expanse of undu lating turf, with an oocaBional clump of choice timber, upon the other. The house stood on higher ground than tho park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrub beries that had overgrown the intention of the landscape gardener who planned them. Only the old gray stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered chimneys, Bhowed above the copper bceohes, and deodaras, the laurels, and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson herrieB gleam ing amongst tire green. Isola had never seen that old Manor Houss nearer than Bhe saw it to- day, from the path whioh was a public right of way through the park. She knew that tho greator part of the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially, thore were numerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not without tho suspioion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show plaoe, liko the home of the Troffrys at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by certain human fossils who had served the houso of Hulbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chim neys, likening the house amidst its overgrown shrubboriep to the Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and had wished that she were on friendlv terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. ' I dare say if I were daring enough to open one of the doors and go in I shonld find them all aeleep,' she thought, ' and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awakening anybody.' She was too depressed and disappointed to- day to give more than a careless, unsee ing glance at those many gables as she walked along tho muddy path bcBido tho dripping copse. The chestnut boughs wore nearly baro, hut here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining liko pale gold in the last watery gleamB of the sun; and though tho leaves wore lying sodden, and brown among the rank wet grass, there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and red and orange. fungi to give.colbur to, the foreground, and to the little vistas that oped here arid there amidst the tangle Those final yellow gleams were fading low down iu the western sky as Isola turned her face towards the river and the Angler's Nest, and just above that pale radianoo of a watery sunset, thero stretched a donse blaok cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, whioh she felt must moan mischief. Sho looked at that blaok lino apprehensively. She was threo miloB from home, without waterproof cloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter within three- quarters of mile. She quickenedher pace, watohing the fad ing light and lowering cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, sheknewnotwhot. A Budden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential rain ! That was the meaning of the inky bar above the setting sun. She looked round her helplessly. Should she dart into the copse, aud try to shelter herself amidst those leafless twigs," those Blender withies aqd saplings ? Better to faco the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gowa would not bo much the worso for a duck ing, her neat kittle feet were accustomed to rapid walking. Should she rim ? No ; useless when there were three miles to be got over. A brisk, steady tramp would he better. But brave as she was that fierce rain was far from pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope hor way along the path with her « Pray lot me take you to the house,' said a voice close beside hor, a man's voice -low and deep, and with the accents of IC JSn0'ne of Lord Lostwithiel's fos silised servants talk tike that ? Impos sible. She looked up, as well as she could under that blinding downpour, and saw a tall man standing beside the path way with his book to the copse. Like Rosalind, he was more than common tall, and of slim, active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dork heard, and the eyes whioh looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about as muoh as she oould see of tho stranger in the November dusk. ' Pray, let me persuade you to come to the house,' he said, urgently. 'You are being drenched. It. is absolutely dread ful to see anybody out in such rain, and there is no other shelter within reach. Let me take you thero. My housekeeper will dry your hat and jacket for you. I oright to introduoe myself, perhaps. I am Lord Lostwithiel.' She had guessed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place? She dimly recalled a photograph, pale and faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uni form, seen in somebody's album ; and tho face of the photograph had beon tho same elongated oval face — with long thin nose, and dark eyes a shade too near together, whioh was looking down at her anxiously now. Sho felt it would he churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. ' You are vory kind,' she faltered. ' I am sorry to he so troublesome. I .ought not to have come so far in such doubtful weather.' She went with him meekly, walking her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her hack now as they made for tho house. ' Have you really come far ?' he asked. ' From Trelasco, I live at the Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. You know it, perhaps ?' ' Yes. I know every houso at Trelasco. Then you are staying with Mrs. Disney, I presume ?' ' I am Mrs. Disney.' 'You?' with intense surprise. 'I beg your pardon. You are so yonng. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person. He glanced at the girlish figure, tho pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could scarcely be more than 19 or 20. He had met Major Disney, a man who looked about 40 — a luoky fellow to have caught each a pretty bird as this. They had reaohqd the shrubbery by this time, and were hurrying along a winding walk where the rain reached them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the houso. Lost withiel opened a half-glass door, and led Mrs. Disney into the library, a long, low room, full of ourious nooks and cor ners, formed by two deep obimuey-pioces. and by tho projecting wings of the heavy oak bookcases. Isola had never seen any room so filled with hooks, nor had sho over seen a room with two Buch chimney pieoes of statuary marble, yellowed with ago, elaborately carved with cherubic head, and Oupids, and torches and festal wreaths, hows and arrows, lyres and urns. A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was hither Lostwithiel brought his guest, wheeling a large arm- ohair in front of the blaze. 'If you will take off your hat and jacket, and sit down there, I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you,' he said, with hiB hand upon the hell. 'You are more than kind. I must hurry home directly the rain abates a tittle, I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about me,' Bold Isola, devouring the room with greedy eyes, anxious to take in every detail of this enohanted castle. She might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel was so seldom there. His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbourhood. The things he ought to have done and did not d would have filled a book. He had bee A wild in his youth. He had once owned a theatre. Ho had done, or was supposed to have done, things which were apokon of with bated breath ; hut of lata years he had developed new amhitionsj and had dono with theatrical speculations. He had become literary, scientifio, political. He was one of the lights of the intellectual world, or that small section of the intel lectual whioh is affiliated to the smart world. He know all the clever people iu London, and a good many of the intel lectualities of Pariflj Berlin, and Yienna. Ho had never married ; hut it was sup posed that he would eventually marry, before he was 40, and that ho would make a great match. He was not rich, hut ho was Lord Lostwithiol. He was by no means handsome, but he was said to ho one of the most fasoinating men iu London. Isola pulled off her jaoket slowly, look ing about her all the time; .and Lost withiel forbore from offering" her any assistance lest he should increase hor evident shyness. - t0"d2hc0n22nubd. on wednesday 