CANIA. [FROM OUK OWN OOBBESPOSDHNT.] April 18. Politics are, a* a matter of course, the mania of the present period. Mr. Cadell lias formed a strong committee bere, and is ex pected to be personally present at Cania to morrow. The lluroett seat, I thick, will be actively fought for by Mr. Cadell and Mr. Mair (the Labour candidate). The M'llwraith p irty have evidently hesitated as to putting forth a candidate or not, but at the luat moment Mr. Tanaey has declared that he u ill run in that interest. He is quite iinkuoun Ii- re, and no copy of his addresa t- the elec tors fits reachcd here. I purpose nnc will arrive by the mail to-moT-iw. 1 consider that the M Ilu-raith pirty have no tiiow up this way, a.id to me it looks like tomfoolery to now choose a man so little knowu aB Mr. Tausi'V as it i representative. My nwn pjlitics are thoroughly M'flw aitlii n. f look upon Mac- himself as the oafy fitting mm to take the lead of this colony's aflaira at the preBent time, and therefore regret that a weak candi date in his party's interest has been chosen, and clioeen so late in the day. I consider hit chance of gaining the Uurnett seat a very poor one, and for that reasoa would like ti see him 'scratch,' and let the other two have a fair race for it. Mails like these should properly wake up the electors of Marylmrougli, liundaberg, and Burrum eo that they leave nothing to chance, but bo sure that those they elect aro faithful to them. Mac. and his party are condemned because they have fought f ir, and now tight for, the best in terests of the augar industry. This in plain English means whoever 's opposed tn that party, whoever is a member of nni- of tiie opposing parties, cither directly or indirectly, intends to cut the throat nt the mo t flourish ing industry in the colony, and cause thou sands of acres now under sugar to lie aban doned, and hundreds o' thousand t of pou-ds invested in sugar machinery, t . become next tn valueless Throw M'llwraith and those who have faithfully followed him out this time, and I would add, (Vud help Vaeinsland, a-:d particularly tint pirt of it situated at or near the sea cnafet. I consider that those in the coastal townB will act like madmen if they «lect men opposed to M'llwraith. At the time time I say that the best thing to do in ?egaid to the Burnett eleetorate IB to with draw Mr. Tansey, who lias, at the last ni intent, appeared.aa a M'llwraithiao candi date— it is a mistake! One (imminent party (the one I call the herinaproditea) say ' we do not propose to disturb the kanaka during the coming Parliament '—why not? We know Cr oin's ideas on the subject generally, and he is a captain iu that party. Wliy, if the kanaka is objectionable ii ho not at once snufTtdout! The answer ie, because some of Groom's mates would oot stiud naif the ghost of a show to get back to their seats if they spoke out like men, like gi n' lumuii, like true hearted colonists. Pah ! the struggle has no truth or patriotism ou the sidu of the ' all things to all inen ' Individuals. One object only have they in view, and that ia place, power, and the etceteras for themselves. If, the electors are hoodwinked by such persons, all I can Buy ia it will serve them devilish well right if they lose the nigger, and with bim the only hope of seeing the coastal districts rise into great importance. While I differ from, I most certainly admire the attention of the*Labuur party. There is no hoodwinking, oo iiypocrfsy in it ; its policy is manly and straightforward, aod in that respeot fau simile with that of Sir lhomas M'llwraith. My tip it have nothing to do with the Herinaprodites. Oo for inen who boldly, lesrlessly, take a stand, and who mean to abide by it- Beware of an impossible via media. j 