wr?rI wuICI IS I.CO5UORDATED PCBLISHF.D EVEP.Y TIIHUSDnAY IOasINC. TIHURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1833. DEFEAT OF TIE lINZSTTRY. THE defeat of the Government, if it has failed to arouse enthusiasm, has certainly not been unexpected for some time past, and there are few regrets at its ignoble collapse. The Premier showed his utter incapacity to lead the House or to control the cabals of his followers. The Treasurer was bowed down under the weight of financial pressure, both public and private, and it is clear that the BEnnRRY of to-day is but the ghost of the great Radical leader of bygone times. Mr. I'LEAN was over-weighted with the burthen of honesty and conscientiousness, but he was unable to stem the corrupt practices of the Lands Department, or to make the civil servants understand that they owe a duty to the public, and that the taking of money for services rendered to the public is a misdemeanor, punishable with instant dismissal or six months in gaol. Mr. WIIEELER nobly tried to do his duty at the 1Railways, but the cleansing of that augean stable pioved too her culean a task for a man of his weak physique. MIr. TuRNER was fairly successful at the Customs, but neither he nor any other Minister, past, present, or to come, could succeed in dragging more money from the empty pockets of the people of this grossly over-taxed and over-governed colony. .Mr. GEonoE DAVIs did his level best to curb the Jingo spirit of the Imperial military clique, which despises our citizen soldiery, while extra willing to spend our taxes on themselves and prot Ues; but they proved too many for him. Curiously enough, the young politician, from whom least was expected, proved the strong man of the Ministry, and Mr. PEACOCK, whose merry and jocund laugh will again echo and re-echo within the walis of Parliament, untranelled by official cares, has made his mark as a capable and fearless administrator, though his reign ihs not been al together a beneficent one to many of our best and hardest-worked State School teachers. But, taken as a whole, the Ministry has proved a signal failure, and whilst its members may be respected individually, they have been despised collectively. Whether Mr. PATTEROSo and his col leagues will prove any better fitted to restore confidence, or to gain the ap proval of the electors, remains to lie seen. They can all promise. But what the electors wan't is a little more honest work, a little moro pat riotism, and a little less of greed and office-seeking from those who are placedat the head of our affairs. 