Great Warships. Teg: warm dispute over the olass of war ships for the Australian -station, and the drifting ashore of the Camperdown, inci dentally and painfully refresh, our memories concerning the pathetic soeno of the foundering of the Victoria. To keep in mind what may happen in the future we must remember what hap pened before. What were those events? Captain llourke was commander of the ill-fated ship. Surviving her he was put upon hi« trial by court-martial as the possible cause of a catastrophe whioh had cost Great Britain one of her foremost naval officers, hundreds of brave sailors, and one of hor finest ships, and had sent a piercing pang of grief through millions of hearts. From that triul Captain Bourke came forth with honour untarnished. No wonder, however, that the gallant cap tain when making his defence was deeply moved by the recollection of the calamity. No ease this of the sinking of a ship when "God Almighty's guns were going off," a time of wild and wildering storm, wherein man's mightiest efforts are of less avail than the aimless struggling of babes. No ease this of the sinking of a ship by miasile of a foe, when seeking to save country and home from the fangs of the foe which strikes. Not either of these, nor any of the mischances of war or wave, but the case of a ship going down in calm unruffled sea, as was thought by a mistake. It will serve as a caution to naval tacticians, and as a record of the brave styleinwhichBritishcrsstill can look on certain death as it nears them, proving that we have no need to raise the ghosts of heroes gone, to show the. race is brave, since this event shows the race still has that quality by whioh it has climbed tho steeps of fame. At 5 o'clock of the evening of the 23rd of Juno the fleet wae out off Tripoli for manoeuvres, tho Admiral himself directing from the Vic toria. A certain movemont was ordered to be performed with the ships six cables' length apart. Two words here. It has never been, proved that that was im possible to ships under perfect command ; it has never been shown that the shipH, perfectly answered their helms. The inquiry, by court-martial opened on July 17, and for ten days all available evidence was heard ; evidence which resulted in a verdict which entirely freed from blame Captain Dourke and all surviving officers, but it did not .convict Tryon, it did. not prove that the Camperdown was not at fault. The court- martial inqniry oloBed, and for the mass of people, outside, the families, made sad by the disaster, aDd the persons who escaped from that sinking, there was an apparent end of it. But all docs, not end there, by a long way. Tho 6ad. event may come back again. Let us hope it never will. But there is the possi bility that it may yet be repeated hore, giving further cause, for many a generation, when men and women talk of Britain's brave sons, of what they did, how they suffered, how they died.- They of the good ship Victoria will be proudly ranged with other thou sands of bravo men who by land and sea have proved their direot descent from those who have made our Empire strong. And who shall say what our Orlaudos and Bonaventures may yet do for us ; and, alas, also, what may happen to smaller craft than these ? 