REOPENING ST. MARY'S CHURCH, KANGAROO POINT. The reopening of St. Mary's Anglican Church, Kangaroo Point, took place on Satur- day afternoon. The ceremony was conducted by Bishop Webber, and he was assisted by Canon Robinson, the Rev. E. G. Thatcher, Rev. M. J. Stone-Wigg, and Rev. Charles Codling, rector of St. Mary's. Shortly after half past 4 o'clock the male members of the choir marched from the vestry and down the aisle followed by the rector. At the western door they were met by the Bishop and clergy. They then marched in procession up the aisle sing- ing the hymn beginning "We love the place of God." The Bishop afterwards read the service, re- dedicating the name and consecrating the new transept, and then declared the church open for worship in the following words :— "I hereby declare this church rededicated and reopened for public worship in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The Lord's Prayer was said and choral evensong followed, in which Prout's Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis were sung. The anthem chosen was Macfarren's "A Day in Thy Courts," and during the Offertory the solo "Rest in the Lord" was nicely sung by Miss Mills. The Te Deum was sung as a special thanksgiving hyme at the close of the service. The Bishop preached, taking his text from Revelations xxi., 5, "And He that sat upon the throne said, Behold I make all things new." He said that in uniting with them that after- noon in tendering thanks to God Almighty for the once more restored and rededicated church, he would seek to draw but one lesson from the words which he had just read. Time would fail them to draw out in anything like their true force or application all the lessons that lay hidden within those words. Let him apply the words to the single purpose of drawing from them encouragement for those who work ; and in that light they might regard them as forming what they might call, in per- haps somewhat modern language, the charac- teristic force or the real dynamics of the Church of Christ. He used the words for this reason — to emphasize, to show out in relief and in contrast, the true difference between that conception of the Church which the New Testament furnished and that which was so often entertained in the popular imagination. The latter, perhaps, looked upon the Church as something, on the whole, worthy of a kind of complacent patronage, doing very beneficial work ; but by no means realising it as the home and the instrument of force and power — a force and power not its own, but coming from Him who is head over all things to the Church. They were all at times apt to abandon themselves to despair, and to say that a thing was too difficult, and it was hopeless to set about the task ; but the corrective for this was to ask themselves if the results depended on them ; were the results theirs, or was theirs only the duty, and was it not true that "duties are ours and results are God's ?" An eminent Bishop had once said that "history was the corrective for droop- ing spirits," and he meant that when they were inclined to despair, particularly in the work of the Church, they had better turn back over a few pages of history, and see the dark times out of which the Church had come again and again. He urged them to go on working, notwithstanding that the result might not be apparent just at the moment they looked for it, for they could be certain that the results were assured, and oftentimes apparent failure was even real victory. They must remember that it was not their work really, but His they were the instruments. He the energetic force. They were face to face with difficult times, and perhaps the latest of all catastrophes might seem to make the times more difficult. Still there should be no lack in the courage of faith, and if they only worked with that courage and perseverance blessings and prosperity would surely follow. He asked them to work as hard as they could, but not to resort to any means of obtaining funds which were of a questionable character. He did not include under this heading straightforward sales of work, nor would he discourage those who could help by the skill of their fingers and not otherwise ; but he meant by questionable means those which could be attributed to a want of the courage of faith. In conclusion he again urged them all to work, assuring them that success would attend their efforts if they worked with faith and perseverance. St Mary's Church of England was built in 1873 at a cost of £2000. It was unroofed by a cyclone and seriously damaged on the 2nd April, 1892\. The old roof has now been replaced by one more substantial in construction and more correct in line and with attention to the ques- tion of ventilation. The bell turret has been rebuilt on stronger foundations, and the gable wall has been taken down and strongly rebuilt. The choir has been extended further into the church, and as far as funds permitted an attempt has been made to improve the desora- tive effect of the fabric ; and this has been materially increased by the generous offer, accepted by the council, of Mr. Rivers and the architect to decorate the roof of the apse. A transept of two bays has been thrown out to accommodate the organ and to provide extra seats for the congregation. The vestry, which was much too small for the large number in the choir, and which failed to keen out the rain, is replaced by one of larger dimensions, and a small clergy vestry has been provided behind the pulpit. The total cost of the improve- ments and repairs, with the requisite seats, furnishings, &c.;, will be nearly £800. 