? UNA REAGH; OB, . "TILL DEATH DO US PAET." — f CHAPTEEjL BY MBS. M. T. PENDER. • {From, the Irish JSiqdrald.) BT THE WINDING BANKS QF. BENE. SEPTEMBEB, warm, sunlit, GFA^pus;. a • long, lovely reach of the Eme' Elvifly sweeping in stately measure between banks clothed in waring woods, all glowing with the red and golden Autumn. Close to the river bank a young sportsman, Gerald Macluan by name, crouched in the thick foliage, waiting for a shot; while, above a sharp bend of the river, unseen, and as yet unheard, by him, a small boat with a girl in it came floating lightly with the current. Suddenly a sound rose above the rhythmic swing of the running water; it was the clang and whistle of broad wings in flight. The small boat came gliding round the bend; while high over the woods a pair of wild swans came flying statelily, their long, white necks stretched out, their broad wings glistening in the sun like snow. The girl in the boat uttered a little cry of delight as the beautiful birds came sailing riverward through the sunlit air. Bang! bang ! Two jets of flame sprang from the edge of the wood, a puff of white smoke blotted the Autumn leaves, and one of the white birds turned over in the air, fluttered, flapped, and after a vain attempt to bear itself aloft, sank in the mid current of the river, while its mate, with neck and legs outstretched in fastest flight and wildest fear, bore away like a streak of snow. " Cruel! How could anyone kill the beautifal, joyous thing ?" With this exclamation the girl in the boat turned the prow of her tiny vessel towards the plaice where the wounded bird had fallen, and rowing now with all her strength, the boat shot slanting across the current like an arrow. "By Jove!" muttered Gerald Macluan, as, bursting through the bushes with his smoking gun in his hand, this animated picture met hi»rriew»— There was a decided note of admiration in the young man's voice, for the girl-rower was slim and graceful as a Naiad or water-lily; with a fair, delicate, flower-like face, and long, black hair, rippled like the river. Gerald had barely time to take in these pleasing facts, when bump—jar— splash! the tiny skiff turned keel uppermost in the water, and the girl was struggling with the current. The little boat had struck with force against a sunken rock in the uneven bed of the river, and capsized. The girl struck out fearlessly for the bank, but something seemed to impede her, and she made no way; then turning, she strove to reach and Beize the boat, but it swept round and eluded her. She was caught in a dangerous eddy, caused by the strong current of the swift-flowing river and the rock that had capsized her. The girl uttered a cry of dismay when she found that she could neither make the bank nor reach the boat. She was out in midstream, and the river, swollen by recent rains, was running like a millrace. The fierce swirl confused and frightened her—the eddy was sucking her down! She made an attempt to seize an oar that was floating near her, but before she could grasp it, the wounded swan which had moved her pity and which she had tried to rescue, struck her with its powerful wing, as it lay flopping on the water, and she went under. Gerald Macluan had pulled off his coat and boots the moment the accident occurred, and hastened to the rescue; and now, swimming strongly, he was close to the spot where the girl had sunk. Quick as light he dived, caught, and brought her to the surface; and then, bearing her up with one band, after a fierce struggle with the rushing waters, he cleared the eddy, and. reached the bank with his unconscious burden. He scrambled up the steep bank, gasping, breathless, exhausted, nut glad with a deep, glowing gladness of having saved a life, and conscious of a certain natural feeling of property in the thing that he had saved. He looked down at the girl he held in his arms—a slender form of perfect grace and symmetry, clearly outlined in wet, clinging folds of pink muslin, hands and feet of perfect delicacy, and a beautiful, refined face, that could belong to.no one but a lady. She had long, black, sweeping lashes, drooping heavily from the closefl. lids—Gerald wondered eyep ^re Ufa 0 riotouB wealth of ebop hair, tangling almost to his feet. "Who can she be P " thought Gerald. " She might be Spanish, with that hair and those pencilled eyebrows and long, shadowy, up-curling eyelashes, but"— noting the clear, white skin, and a sweet, sympathetic something in the -eoutt tenance—" she's Irish, poor little girl! What a pity that I am a stranger here." labile these thoughts passed through his mind Gerald was rapidly thridding oh a narrow pathway that wound through the deepest depth of the wood, and jvhich/^oon brought him to the front of jUMpidated old mansion, around which he great trees grew so thickly that at a short distance they quite concealed it from view. It was a gloomy, rambling, old, grey stone building, with round towers here and there at the angles, and windows scattered promiscuously, everywhere, and every way, save in rows. Green moss and grass choked the gravelled sweep in front, grew on the doorsteps, in the corners of the windowsills, and everywhere else where moss and grass could find a lodgment. A young oak, perched on the head of one of the round towers, was slowly splitting the thick wall with its roots. The place had an air of departed grandeur, with its ranges, of stables and kennels and out-officcs, crumbling to decay; but it had upon it the stamp and seal of dreary desolation and uttermost desertion. It was. not quite deserted, however. Gerald knew that in an odd corner, somewhere about the back of the ancient pile, there might be found an aged housekeeper known as Dame Dorothy, together witn a fire, a bed, hot tea to command, other conveniences, homely and useful. The front door stood a little way ajar, just as Gerald had left it, when he sallied forth, swan-shooting, a few hours before. The young man pushed the door open with his foot, hurried through a great square, dim, and grim old hall, where large spiders were weaving interminable tissues over suits of battered armour, dusty fox-brushes, and racks and stands made of branching antlers; and, after thridding a maze of dark, draughty, winding passages, reached the cosy quarter where Dame Dorothy reigned in solitary state. The majestic dame, who sat knitting and nodding by the fire, in a high white cap, and a satin gown that had once been black, but which had mellowed into a dingy brown, sprang to her feet with a shriek as Gerald burst in upon her with his dripping burden. " A dead girl.'" she exclaimed, in hollow tones. " Oh, no, living—only wet." It was the girl herself who answered; she had suddenly recovered consciousness, and slipping from her preserver's arms, she stood white, and a little shaky, but smiling, and evidently little the worse for her mishap. " Thank God!" exclaimed Gerald very earnestly. "And you—it was you who saved me P" rejoined the girl, with a lovely, upward glance of eyes that were soft and dark and deep, Gerald thought, as the deepest wave of the shadowy, songful Erne. " I have just had the happiness." "Ithank you—you are very brave— oh, I thank you, you have saved my life. But"—with a reproachful little glance— " how conld you be so cruel as to shoot the beautiful swanP" " I assure you I would not have done, so had I known that it would give you pain; yet I wish my shot had killed it outright—it was it, the ingrate, that struck you down." "How papa will moralise about that when he hears it," said the girl, with a musdcal laugh; " he always declares it iB the things we love that hurt us most —dear old papa, he loves me, and I know I would die sooner than hurt himT" On the spot Gerald began to worship her—or, to be more correct, worship had oommeneed in the first moment when her raven tresses, her flower-like face, and her lissom, swaying figure came gliding towards him down the aunkissed river, and every second since had ibcreaBed his devotion. But now Dame Dorothy came loftily between them, with her superior wisdom and weighty authority. "Master Gerald, will ye please to be gone with yerself," she said, grandly, " until this young lady—I don't know her, but I see she is a lady—gets somethin' dhry to put on, an' somethin' warrum to dhrinkP—she'll be shivered to death! There's a fire in the library, an' ye'll get a shuit of your grandfather's in the carved oak cnest; l aired it jisterday." Half an hour later the youthful pair came face to face in one of the winding passages, and they greeted each other with a simultaneous burst of langhter t! and set them at once on a footing of easy aci— *' erald had found the oaken chest, and he was now aglow in the - full regalia of a beau of the previous century; a claret coloured coat, a broad satin waistcoat, laced with gold, breeches of blue velvet, silk stockings, and shoes with diamond buckles. The girl had changed her wet clothes for a costume supplied by Dame Dorothy from the wardrobe of a former lady of Cranagh Castle — a quaint, brocaded gown, with a; long stomacher, and puffed sleeves which left the delicate arms bare from the elbow, and with a trained skirt opening in front over a gorgeous petticoat of quilted satin. The girl looked as if she had just stepped down out of a Gainsborough canvas. "Madame," said Gerald, with an elaborate bow, and a manner to match his costume, "I protest that you are most enthralling; you lack nothing but a kissing patch." " Sir," responded the girl, with a sweeping courtesy, "I declare you a prodigious macaroni, if you had only a dash of powder and a ribbon for your queue." ' Then they both laughed again, surveying each other with looks that mingled admiration with amusement. Then pleasantly commenced an acquaintance the awful, the appalling sequel to which would have frozen the veins of those lighthearted young people with unendurable horror could they have foreseen it. It is surely a merciful providence that veils the secrets of the future from the B'unny eyes of ardent, hopeful, and happy youth. Before their clothes were dry, under Dame Dorothy's dignified attentions, the youthful pair had explored Cranagh Castle, as the old house was called, from cope to basement, and they had besides learned all that was to learn of each other's history. The girl's name was Una Eeagh O'Mortelan—Oona she named it, in the soft Irish fashion. She was the child of Eeagh O'Mortelan, of Eathvarra, a fallen gentleman of name, whom misfortune and extravagance had conspired to deprive of his ancient patrimony, and who now lived in a poor cottage a mile up the river. Cranagh Castle was quite close to Eathvarra Hall, which, with all the "broad- lands around it, had once been theirs, but which had now passed to a stranger. Una had not long left school; she had come home to nurse her invalid father, who was her only living relative, and who Was all and everything to her. The only thing that troubled her was that her father constantly fretted over his fallen fortunes and failing health, and that chiefly on her account; while she—if she could only see him ;well and happy, her life would be bright indeed. Gerald Macluan was a medical student of Tripity College, Dublin, who had jast passed his first Arts, and who had barely enough of the world's wealth to carry him through the remainder of his college course "by the skin of his teeth," as his chums expressed it. He had yet to grind through two hard years at least before he could obtain his degrees; and, after that, an unknown number ere he might dare to hope for wealth, or even competence. It was small comfort to him, under these circumstances, that his uncle, Lewin Macluan, an eccentric old bachelor recluse whom he had never seen, had died and bequeathed to him Cranagh Castle, with its contents; but on ihe sole condition that he shouldlsell nothing and remove nothing — not even Dame Dorothy, who was to occupy her cosy quarter while she lived. He had come down to look at his rather useless legacy, and had decided to make it ;a holiday resort, where he could enjoy a few weeks' fishing and shooting in vacation time. Una declared the old house delightful, and in a hushed voice she pronounced it haunted, ! Its windy passages, in which one seemed to feel the swish of unseen draperies, its narrow, mural stairs, its grim and dim old panelled rooms, its dark closets, its hearse-like beds, its grave and'sombre family portraits, each of which /seemed to have a tragic secret in its keeping; its huge oak sideboards, with sepulchral cellars; its carved oak cheBts, the interiors of which suggested hidden skeletons, and then the ubraiy, with its oriel window looking right out through an opening in the woodB, on the old mortuary chapel of the Eeagh O'Mortelans—with a laugh and a little shiver, which was half assumed and half real, she pointed to the heavy hangings at the end of the long room, which had a queer habit of waving solemnly once in a while without any perceptible cause, i All this was ghostly, and smelt of ghostland—the house was haunted I fe (3-erftW Mwim ea ^oWfa utumn evening, the house was indeed delightful; and it was truly haunted— haunted by' a gracious presence that ade a glory in the dim passages and sunless chambers; haunted by light footsteps, gay girl chatter, and happy aughter; and the music of a young oice that should echo in his heart of earts while life remained. Yet there came a time when Una's light words were recalled to his memory with awful meaning—a time which, happily for life's scant sunshine, threw o forecasting shadow on Gerald's soul. Later on, when they had resumed their wn clothing, Gerald walked home with na to her cottage, and received her nvalid father's grateful thanks and raise. Eeagh O'Mortelan was a man prematurely aged and worn by the feverish workings of a restless, fiery, and discontented spirit. In the crumbling ruins of life and hope two absorbing passions survived, with pristine force—his daughter whom he loved, and his ancestral estate which he worshipped. He would send Una out into the sunshine, and then, hoar after hour, he would sit by the window in his invalid's chair, and gaze out at the noble mansion that had once been his, and at the broad acres of hislost inheritance, sighing himself to death as he looked. For weeks after Gerald came to the cottage every day, and was always a welcome visitor to both father and daughter. That time was an elysium to the young Trinity student He walked with Una in the woods, he rowed with her on the river. They rummaged the dusty shelves of old Lewin Macluan's library for precious volumes, which they read together under the trees, or to the invalid in the cottage, who, with his heart and eye on lost Eathvarra, seldom listened. They explored every spot of interest in the neighbourhood; they walked over the Eathvarra parks, and round the Eathvarra mansion; and even penetrated the mortuary chapel, in whose crypt the ashes of many a generation of Eeagh O'Mortelans reposed in peace. Una's father accompanied them on this lugubrious expedition, and pointed out the place at the end of the long row of coffined niches where he himself should lie. " The next and last niche," he said," in the order of nature, will one day ke oecu-"" pied by my daughter." x - . Una laughed and shivered, -"Come away, papa, dear," she eri^d j " the place gives me the horrors." ' i . v • " And me," added Geral^, who felt as if a cold wind had 8uddenly\blown upon him and made his flesh creep. During all these delightful weeks of dear companionship no whisper of love had passed between Gerald and Una; but every look and tone of the Trinity student had been a wordless act of worship. Gerald loved with all his soul, and he knew it. As for Una—poor Una!—she was only wildly, sweetly happy, as yet, she knew not why. One morning Eeagh O'Mortelan received a letter, the contents of which seemed suddenly to make him almost young and well again. "Una, my love," he said, impressively, when he had read it, "Fulke Broadbent is coming to-morrow; are you not glad P" "Ye-es—if you are, papa," answered Una, faintly; and, rising, she went out quickly. Gerald followed her; he overtook her, in one of her most secluded walks by the river-side. " Who is Fulke Broadbent P" he inquired, with some of the alarm he felt in his face and voice. " A—a Yorkshire gentleman who has made a large fortune in sauce and pickles, and who has recently purchased Eathvarra estate." "Is that allP" cried Gerald, with a laugh of huge relief. " I was afraid the sauce-be-gotten pickled wretch might do something to you ; and oh, Una, my love, my love," he added, with sudden passion, " I want you for my wife—I adore you! and.I think, darling, you can care for me a little P" Her face flushed like the sweetest rose, and then blanched suddenly to the hue of death; she stepped back, but Gerald caught her to his heart with love that would not be denied. " Una, will you wait for me P I am poor, but wealth will come to me some day—it must 1—for you I will work and win. Darling, do yon—can you—care for me enough to give me hope P" "I love you," she answered; "I would go with you, Gerald, to the end of the world, and share your poverty with a glad heart. I would.wait for you a lifetime, and grow old and-die loving you—waiting for you. But oh, Gerald " —and she broke wildly froih his encircling arms—"I am fulke JlpHtd' teHftyrawwftirife!" Standing pale as a ghost among the fallen leaves, Una sobbed out the rest of her heart-breaking story. F^e Broadbent had seen her just after she had come home from school, and desired her for his wife. She did not love him, bu then her heart was free! She did not know what love meant ; and she cared for no one except her father. And at his urgent appeal, to realise his life-dream and crown his days with happmess, she had consented to be the Yorkshire sauire's wife—the wife of the master of their lost Rathvarra. He was returning on the morrow to hasten the marriage, and to take up his abode at Eathvarra Hall, where her father was also to "'•bought to have told you, Gerald," she said, mournfully; "but I never dreamt of love until love had come—I did not know my own heart until his letter came this morning. " If I should break my engagement, it would break my mother's heart. I would rather break my own. I will tell my father and Fulke Broad bent the truth, and—if . they insist on the fulfilment of my promise, it shall, it must be consummated." \ And~ despite the wild prayers and pleadings of ''agonised love, with this resolve she left him. " Three "days had passed when Gerald saw her next. She was standing outside the cottage door, pale, drooping, wistfnleyed, like a rain- drenched lily. She looked as if she would never laugh again. She was Fulke Broadbent's wife. Fulke Broadbent stood beside her—a stout, pursy, pompous man, with an aggressive vicious face, and close-set, vindictive eyes. His carriage was drawn up in readiness, waiting to convey his bride to her stately home. He turned back from the carriage impatiently in answer to a call from Una's father, and Gerald Macluan walked up to Una Broadbent. "Una," he said, "I have seen your husband; some day you will want a friend; when that day comes, will you call on me P" " I will call on you, Gerald," she answered, " until then, good-bye." " Good-bye—until then." Her cold, little hand lay in his for an instant, and then Fulke Broadbent went scowling between them; Una took the arm he thrust before her, and went with him to her carriage. (To be continued.!.) 