(Eittltoits Cohtmn* AN ELEPHANT SENTRY. AN ADVENTDEE IN CEYLON. [BY David K*B.] " Are you ready for breakfast, Dick ?" " I should think I was. I'm like the Irish tenant in the story when he met hie landlord out early. 'You see, Pat, I'm out to try and get an appetite for my breakfast.' ' Well, your honour, it's just the other way with me; I'm out to thry and git a breakfast for me appetite!" "Well, if that's so, we'll just have in the things at once. Jack !" He followed up the oaU with a peculiar whistle, which was speedily answered by a clumping tread outside, and Dick Dalton had just time to think what a heavy- footed fellow "Jack" must be, when in tramped a young elephant about the size of a wellgrown horse, with a steaming kettle hanging by a strong cord to the very tap of his trunk. " Such a footman would make people stare in England, I dare say," said Frank Forrester, laughing at his guest's astonishment; " but no one thinks anything of it up here in the heart of Ceylon. See bow gingerly the little rogue holds the kettle; he upset the boiling water over his toes once, and he's been mighty careful of it ever since. Breakfast, Jaok!" „ The Elephant set down his kettle, and trotted out, returning speedily with all the essentials of a good East Indian breakfast set oat upon a kind of basket tray, which he carried on his trunk as before. The table was Boon spread, and the young engineer and his guest fell to with a will. " Is Mr. Jack your valet as well as your footman?" asked Dalton. " Indeed he is, and I can promise you he knows his work. Regularly every morning at half-past 5 he comes to wake me by trumpeting outside my door, and if that doesn't rouBQ me —ae it usually does, for he makes noise enough to knock the house down—he comes right into the room, and lays the cold tip of his trunk on my face." "How long have you had him ? He seems tame enough." "Well, I picked him up that time I went up to Kornegalle for my holiday, you know; and that's why' he's called *Kornegalll Jack,' or 'Jack,' for short. We were oat shooting, and I brought down a savage old the elephant, and this little follow stood by his mother's body and wouldn't leave it. So then I felt sorry for him and made up my mind to take him home and rear him if I oould; and now he's so tame that he just follows me about like a dog." " Doee he ? Well, I should think it must be rather awkward for you sometimes to have an elephant trotting at your heels everywhere." "Well, it certainly is rather awkward now and then. He followed me into Church once, and I bad quite a job to get him out again. And then, again, when they held that committee meeting about tho new railway at Sir Lancelot H 's pla-je on the other side of the valley I bad to attend it as consulting engineer, and left Jaok, as I thought, securely fastened up at home. But the little rascal managed to get loose somehow, came after me post- haste, and walked slap into the roam right in the middle of tho meeting. You should just have seen the fat old Director" jump out of his way. And he trotted right up to my chair, and stood there as if waiting for orders. Then tbat saucy fellow Hawkins, who happened to be sitting near the door when Mr. Jack put in an appearance, called out in a loud voice, as if announcing a visitor, • Mr. Forrester's private secretary!'" "Secretary, valet, footman," laughed Dick. "Why, your Jack's a regular "jack-of-alltrades.' You'd better make him a chokidar (watchman) too, and then he'll be complete." " Well, I dare say he wouldn't make a bad one," said Frank. A few weeks after Delton's visit Engineer Forrester was unexpectedly transferred to a new railway nearly a hundred miles away, whioh was being constructed through a broken and thiokly wooded track in the heart of the mountains. This was anything but a change for the better for poor Frank, whoee new house was merely a rude hut in tho midst of the juggle, very different from the snug little bungalow (villa) in which he had reeeivtsd Dick Dalton. And, worse st-ill, he bad to inhabit this dreary pla<re all by himself ; for as there happened to be au ancient native burial- ground close to it, the fear of encountering a bhoot (jhoat) was EO strong among the superstitious Cingalese that the boldest of them would not have ventured near the cpot after dark for any money that Fiank could have offered. But he was not altogether deserted, for there wonld have been no possibility of persuading "Kornegalle Jack" to stay behind, even had his master wished it; and in this lonely and dismal spot, with not a single man near bim whom ho could trust, tho companionship and affection even of an elephant were of no small value to the solitary exile. For a whole month our hero toiled away like a man, up enrly and down late, pressing on the work with might and main, aud earning from his native workmen an unpronounceable Tamil nickname of ten or eleven syllable*, implying " The white man who nsver sleeps." In fact, he hardly ever did sleep for the first few nights, expecting to be at backed at any mornent by wild beasts or robbers, for in this savage region there were plenty of both. Sure enough one night he saw the fiery eyes of a huge panther glaring in at him through the window bars; and a few days later he found a deadly snake wriggling out of his bed with a sharp hi:s just as he was going to get into it. But this, so Frank philosophically remarked was "all in a day's work;" and he WBS just beginning to enter into the spirit of this strange life and to settle down to it comfortably enough, when there c&nie; 'a sudden and startling interruption. About the end of his fifth week in this new place he came home lato one night from a hard day's work so thoroughly tired out tbat he had hardly lain down when he wa9 fast asleep. But about midnight he awoke with a start, and half raising himself, looked around him with a VAgue haunting sense of some imminent danger. Nottaiug unusual, however, was to be seen, and just at first there was nothing to be heard; but all at once the practised hunter's quick ear caueht a faint sound just outside the door, as if the teeth of a rat were nibbling at the woodwork. Then it swung softly open (the fastenings having been ekilfully cut from the outside), and in the doorway stood three tall, gaunt, shadowy forms, which a faint glimmer of moonlight showed to be armed with long knives. The houte was bwet by native robbers. Just when Frank least expeoted it, the peril for which he had watched so long had come upon him. A report had got abroad that the white man kept in his hut a large sum of money intended to pay bis labourers; and this was quite enough for the fierce mountain men around him, who, though fully as superstitioufi as their neighbours, would nave faced all the ghosts in Eastern mythology for a good chanoe of plunder. The brave young fellow clutched at hia revolver. but it was not to -be found; it had slipped from its place, and there was DO time to hunt for it in the darkness. Catching up his heavy iron-spiked staff be stood grimly at bay, facing undauntedly the cruel eyea and keen-blade d knives of the robbers. There was, however, one chance left for him, and he took it.. Possibly his pet elephant might still be awake, and within call: so Frank gave the well-known signal whistle, and added to it a lusty shout of "Jack!" At this unexpected summons the three ruffians (who had supposed him to be quite alone) paused for a moment in wonder and dismay, aud that one moment made all the difference. There was a cosh and A trampling outside—a hoarse discordant scream of rage, like the'blaBt of a cracked trumpet—and down went the tallest of the three brigands as if struck by lightning beneath a resounding whaok from the trunk of Frank's four-footed sentry. The two other villains, thoroughly soared by this strange and formidable attack, took to their heels at once. -But they' were not destined to get off so easily, for the trusty Jaok, whose > blood was thoroughly -B-.J up — at this assault upon his adored master, pursued eo hotly after the flying thieves that one of them fell tmad foremost into a wet and muddy ditoh, and the other oould only esoape the elephant's rush by -plunging reoklesBly into a thick clump of thorn bushes, which scratched him eo thoroughly from bead to foot that he looked like a railway map done in red ink. "Well done, Jack, my boy," cried our hero, stroking approvingly the huge flapping ears of his rescuer, when, the latter came back from" the" chase." ""Old Dick~told me that I ought to make a watohman of you, and, 'pon my word, you have, acted as one to good purpose this time. — Harper's Young People. 