Communicated. r EOMEHULO:" A TRAGEDY. [Written for "The Southern Cross' : by J.L.G.] Scene.—Star Chamber, Nobs Hall, "West minster. Time.—Twelve—Midnight. Enter The Marquis of (Salisbury, Lord Kut Kavendish, Lord Backrent, Lord Kho brains, Lord Noodle, Lord Softhead, Sir Arthur Aalfour, Sir Beefy Brasseye, Sir Beery Guineas, Sir AldermanMoneybags, Sir Bichy Wruinpore, Colonel Slasher Shootem, Major Wipemoute, and Joe Chambering ham, followed by Barons, Knights, Squires, Retainers, Informers, Orangemen, Money lenders, Freebooters, Capitalists, Toadies, and other Knaves and Cutpurses. Honest Citizens roughly excludedj-remain in the distance. Black flags and orange and primrose em blems discovered in rear. Flourish of trumpets. Marquis of Gallsbury ascends the dais and is enthroned. Marq. of G.—Thunder and lightning' where are the crossbones P Hence varlets! bnng forth the regalia. (Exit attendants M ^ r?"enJ:ei' skiill and crossbones, blood bowl, gall bag, a gallows, and brand ing irons and fetters.) 'Tis well! By my hahdame, the cause fiVmii no.t, for want of show. I have said it! and now my noble lords and barons —you were secretly summoned together at this black hour of night to plan with your chiefs the destruction of the haughty rebel Bomehulo. May Appolyon catch him! we give ye tongue, each and all, to speak freely in our august presence. Speak freely !--but mark ye, at the peril of your lrves if it tend not to his death and destruc tion. By the rood, I love ye freedom of speech. Lord Kut Kavendish .— Valiant and mighty kinsman! 'tis to thee—the heart and mouth of us all—we look for wise counsel. (Shouts of approval, flourish, &c.;) Lord Knobrains.—'Tis true, most true We list, we believe, we follow and we vote. Marq. of G.—By my belt I thank ye! But what says our Cousin Arthur. Me thmks you were not so slow of speech when leading my creatures in the Commons Hall. Bib Arthur Aalfour.—Pardon I crave great chief. My mind is much depressed, and sadful thoughts sit heavy on my soul. , Mabq. of G.—Gadzooks! Fair Arthur hast had a fit of the vapors ? Sib Abthub.—Not so, my lord — but dreams most fearful doth haunt my fretful couch, and make hideous the night. Mabq. of G.—Say'st thou so, my brave henchman, then cast off the burden of thy bram and discover to us the purport of thv gloomy dreams. Sib, Arthur.—My lord, your smallest wish is my written law. I will to it! Me thought at dead of night I saw a mighty multitude, surging and rolling even as the restless ocean. They were in numbers as the sands of the sea. At their head, en crowned with leaves of victory—marched that obstacle to all our ambitions, the per nicious and poisonous rebel William de Hawarden, yclept Gladstono. He mar shalled and harangued them, and they with many marks of affection cast off their garments and placed them for his footfall Oh shade of DisraeU! my heart near burst at the sight thereof—though 'twere but in a dream. It then seemed that the mighty throng rolled wildly on to the Council HaU or the Lords and encircled it on every side —rushing here and there in deep concern and import. Demanding in thunderous and warlike tones some wondrous grant or charter—framed by their impious William And, great ghost of Castlereagh, the wretched and terrified lords granted it without a blow. My affrighted senses flew away dismayed and wrenched me back to consciousness. But more strangely still my dream did tend. For lo! from east to west and from north to south the people shouted with one acclaim, "Bomehulo' Bomehulo!! A Deo et Rege " Mabq. of G.—(Frowning deeply)—Thy shallow soul, friend Arthur, must needs be eaBy of affright to tremble thus at the shadows of the night. Gramercy ! had'st it finished with the total break up of uni versal nature 'twere easier to believe it ikely than that the noble, lords would lend an ear to the people's prayer. Put by thy sombre phiz—for by the paunch of good Kmg Hal—thou dost disturb my very giz zard ! Ho there! villains, a trencher of Pomeroy! (Enter servitors with wine, &c.;) Lord Softhead.—Ah! but weally my noble lud—ah! what has this beastly Homerulah fellah been up to, ah! a fellah ought to be told—ah—before he votes, dontcherknow. Mabq. of G.—So shalt thou be my lovely softy—for thou art a true and loyal voter— and asks no questions. Stand forth Bene gade Joe—thou wert once of the lowly herd thyself—tell the iioble barons what thou know'st of this Bomehulo. I .know thou lovest Ms father well! Joe Chamberingham.—Noble marqvess and barrings, ifs like this ere. Bomehuler aint no good, and es father aint no . good neithur. 'Cause why ? 'Cause Brtunmy Joe says so—that's why. What's that yer sayP Didn't I used to say they was alright once ? Yes, I know I did, but what about it ? that ain't now, is it P Werry well, there yer are. Sumboddy arks' what did I chuck 'em up fer. Well I never ! why 'cause I did ! ain't that enuf fer yer ? Look 'ere I ain't goin' ter say no more about it. Yer arsked a cove for rea sons and argiment. Yer've got 'em, wot more do yer want ? Lord Kut Kavendish.—Be seated Joseph of Brum—thy clatter doth din my brain and set my very teeth on edge. (Aside to (Salisbury)—He must be put away, lie is no further use to us, and I fear he resembleth too much his ancient namesake in respect of the variegated and changing colors of his tunic. Marq. of Gr.—(Aside to Kavendish)— Thou hast said it, let it be done speedily, secretly, and without any mess. The bow string—the poisoned bowl—anything—but not the knife or axe. I will not shed blood. (Aloud)—And now my worthy lords and gentlemen, you have heard from the faith ful Joseph of Brum the whole history of Romehulo and his disloyal, wood-chopping old sire. He has clearly and indisputably put forth his reasons for deserting them. Methinks, therefore, we are now all agreed as to the fate of Bomehulo—let us now address ourselves as to the method of his undoing and death. What say'st thou, Sir Moneybags P I vow me thou knowest well how to keep thy mouth and bags well closed. Sin Monetbags.—Bight, noble marquis, 'tis said he has many friends among the people, and rumor hath it that the people waxeth strong and are greatly favored of him. Colonel Shootem.—Faugh! the peo ple !! 'Tis the parrot cry of the times. We have a sovereign cure for all the peo ple's blather, Sir Alderman. Sir Capital.—Most high and mighty gentlemen, I have great vested interests and much wealth by land and sea. Think ye should you destroy' this troublesome Bomehulo, the enraged creatures may not revenge bini upon our goods and upon our loyal selves. Major Wipemout.—Fear not, Sir Capital. The people are but cattle, and are unarmed. Brave Buck Forster, of pious memory, taught us an eternal lesson of how to treat the rabble herd. (Deep groans from honest citizens.) Marq. of Gt.—Most bravely said, my sturdy major. The people be d ! The world was made for such as we. And as it suits my present humor the church itself shall back me in this. Doth it not say literally "The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof." By the bones of the prophet, if that doesn't mean us may my beard be plucked by the headsman. How ever, we hold it and mean to stick to it to the last gasp. Sir Loyal Orangeman.—Most worship ful grand. By the Bljjck Arch of Ulster we are with you in it knee deep—body and soid—blood and sawdust—and petitions ! Marq. of G.—By the black banner of the Boyne this loyalty sits well upon you. Shade of the mighty Cromwell look down oh, or up at us, and guide and direct us to the maiming, tearing, smashing up and total annihilation of the everlasting Bome hulo (Thunders of acclamation, shouts, prayers, and trumpet flourishes, &c.;) Upstanding my merry men—sing—roar— burst your very throats. We'll have his blood to-night. They Sing— Up boys and at 'em—we'll have no more delay. He who raves of freedom—slash, cut and slay. The land is ours, we took it, The villains say we shook it, But we mean to hold and cook it For we know no other way. And they rushed away and slew the patriotic Bomehulo. And .it took 419 of them to do-it.- Whilst Justice and the nations wept. " How long ? oh, Lord, how long ?" 