THE TARTAR. Br LTS KELBAN^: (Concluded fijom our fast.} CHAPTER III, " Yes ! it is too jolly bad, I didn't think old Grim 'ud a beeu such a eneak." The speaker was pick Derwent. He and Chickeu Grayson and Harald , Kossmore were holding a conclave in a deserted portion of the college : grounds. Dick had takeu the matter j very much to heart; the idea of The j Tartar's conduct being construed into sulkiness was quite too much for him ; like a good many others he did not ! like any one. but himself to. abuse his friend. The Tartar laughed; his anger had ' passed away already, and he. was as calm and philosophical as ever. " Say, Pick," he said, merrily, " I was in a fair way to become Archbishop of Canterbury: pity they stunted nay growth, eh ?" " Pity he couldn't treat you- with ordinary justice," said Pick, indig nantly ; " do you mean to do anything, or will you let him off ?" ''Not much," returned The Tartar, his eyes still twinkiiug, "I've let him off a lot. I'm going to give him a bit of a fright, because the impoes mostly belonged to other fellows by rights. I 'spect I'll be about finished by that time; seems I'm fated to, make my exit under a -a-well, inauspicious circumstances, you know." " What are yo.u going to do, Ep§s; something pretty rough, I ho,pe," said Grayson. The Tartar thoughtfully cracked an almond, and threw the shells at Gray son's head before he proceeded. " Well," he said, at last, "? I notice the supernatural always has, a so^t of shocking effect, so I'm agoing to make a ghost, or rather you are fo.r me ; and I'm also going to loosen $he framework of his bed, and coming close on one auother I rpck<£n they'll somewhere about suit me exactly. He don't deserve to. be let off; iio, for the sake of future generations I must punish him; now, ta,ta, I've got to finish that blessed itnpo, and then I'll-I'll-expire." Dick stared. '' Well, if old E^s.s isn't a card," he s^id, thought fully ; " anyone would have thought from the mild, pitying way he's beeu treating Jimmy lately that he was going to. let h.im off-not that he deserves to be let off, yoy know," he added quickly. After this Grayson and Dick sat on the fence and swung their legs till a party of hoys on their way to the. cricket-field took pity, on them and dragged them off. As The. Tartar passed through the schoolroom a sixth-form b,py, Archie Green, sat hard at work- *' Hello!'' said The Tartar, "a companion in dis tress, eh ?" "What are you in for?" inquired Green. " Impo.; nearly finished ; got it for measuring my length. What are you doing ?"? returned The Tartar. " Oh, ah ! finishing my Latin," said the sixth-form b.oy, with a; superior smile. " Finishing your, fiddlesticks," sniffed The Tartar.. "Seems to me you sixth- form fellows are alwavs finishing your Latin. I guess it is a finisher for the Latin when you get hold of it; the liouian^ would think it was double Dutch, I'll lay -T it'll be a good think for the honor of the sixth when a few of our fellows get up,'' Having relieved himself by this tirade, he took his seat and set to work, not deigning to. notice Green's remark $bout " there not being any honor, to, guard in those days.*' For five minutes there was silence, dense and unbroken ; then the sixth-form boy began again : " I say, Kossmore, ho.\y ill. Gvimley looks," he said, seriously. "Moonshine! ejaculated The Tartar, looking rather startled, nevertheless. " Oh, well, call it moonshine if you like; but it looked considerably more like faintuess to me. He went as white as a sheet and had to hold on to the desk to steady himself. My gum, he's too good for you young cubs; I xvish he had our class." The Tartar mumbled something in which " moukeys not being as intelli gent as cubs" and "sixth-form fel lows' conceit" took a large share, and then he deliberately turned his back on the speaker, and went on with his wort. What Green had said worried him not a little, and so as soon as he had finished he rushed off to the cricket field to share his fears with Dick and Grayson. " It seems a caddish sort pf thing to do if he's really ill, yo.it know," he said, as he finished; " like hitting a fellow when he'-s down.'' "Green w^s bluffing yo.u ; we'll have a look when we go in, aud if he is we won't do it, and if he isn't __ " Dick shrugged his shoulders expressively. " There ! that's what I call sense,'''- said The Tartar, admiringly. "Dick, my boy, you'll mistake your, vocation if you don't become a. lawyer.; you have all the ingredients, even to telling li But here he had tQ run, for Dick would not xtand any reflections being cast upon his truthfulness- For several davs the three boys watched Mr.. Grimley closely and came to the con clusion that he was '* all right ;" as Dick said, " He looks a bit white, but $hen he always does ; it's natural." The day on which they had fixed came quickly round, the doctor was going to attend a public dinner and there was a pillow fight between the fourth and fifth dormitories; whether The Tartar knew ,of these arrangements or not I cannot say, but I am iucliiieti,from his genera air oi " cutenesa" to think he did. During the early part of the even ing the three boys joined he-art and soul iu the fight. They had already arranged the first part of their pro gramme, aud as soon as they heard Mr. Duncan o,u his rounds, they slip ped noiselessly along the passages and concealed themselves ill &n;, empty little room just off Mr. GrirtileyV Her? Grayson donned his. " regimen tals," and then, iliey sat down to await the master, trying every plan they could think of to, suppress their laughter, b.ut bursting out afresh every time they looked at the ghost. They heard, the master'^ step slowly approaching, he seemed to. be walking very sio.wly, almpst as though he were ill pain, but the boys did not notice; all their efforts were directed tovvards " keeping the pe^ce."> Dick caught the sulphur alight. The Tartar had "both fists stuffed iti h\s mouth so he. was. perfectly incapable, and then Grayson begaa gently scratching on the doof and moaning aii accompaniment. The master, sio.wly opened the door ; for a moment his face became deadly pale and then lie rushed back, evidently to fetch a'candle, by.t the three cul prits had made t^eir exit by the window and were squttling off to bed long before his eyes, had alighted on the'object he was iu search of. " Didn't old Grim look scared," gasped Dick, laughing aloud in spite of himself. i Wait till his bed goes, smash, he'll turn green then I^l lay," said the ghost, prophetically, rapidly putting out of sight the remaining evidences pf this crime, he had Iglt the plate <?f sulphur in tiie water-butt on his way in. The. Tartar for once was silent; it Tjras a case of necessity-it was not pity fo,r Mr. Grimley that kept him silent. Oh, no! it was something quite different, lie cpuld. not speak tor laughing. 