A MYSTERY SOLVED. . DETECTIVE STORY. • CHAPTER I. 27 SPECT&TTK-; Great heavens, boys! I jusi saw a dead angel!" "A what?" came the enqutrj-, 111 a chorus, from a dozen bronze-faced and muscular young gentlemen, as they crowded r6und the first speaker. " A dead angel !" "" " Where and when ?" , y " Right there, floating past on the tide;' And the handsome youth pointed over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the water. " A beautiful girl, ch 1 Why bow could you tell, old romancer, whether it was the Jjody of a beautiful girl or of some one of inaturcr years, who may have tumbled over from some one of the p i e r s , . f Dash Kingston's face TO as pale a", that oi a corpse, as he replied, in an earnest and solemn manner-very uncharacteristic of ins usual, hilarious carelessness— " I saw the face distinctly, and, the fact is, I was so enraptured by its startling bcanty that, in mv bewilderment, I made no effort to rescue the lovely corpse from the water. "Well see here," exclaimed one of the party, named Hemway," Let's lower the boat and capture that dead beauty. We lads who pride ourselves on our devotion to living beauties, should not allow a lovely corpse to float away' on the swelling tide, a dainty meal for the ponderous maws of some voracious 6 b "Hj no ! let it float away to sea," said Dash Kington, as he drew his shapely hand across his face. "Let it float away to sea; it is enough to be haunted by its memory, without gazmg on the cold, beautiful thing again, he added. _ . The place where the conversation above recorded-occurred was on the deck of a trim little yacht, which rode at anchor olf Kose Bay Sydney Harbour; and the speakers were members of its amateur crew, who had just brought their craft to anchor after awee.es cruise up the coast. It was a lovely evening about an hour before sunset, when Dash Kingston, one of the party," was leaning over the qu.irtcr- nul, and was dreamily looking down into the deep blue water, over which flashed a fiery glimmer of gold from the departing rays of the sun, when suddenly he was started by seeing an object Boating along towards lnm on tho ebbtide. . One moment later, and it was gliding directly beneath his gaze, when a strange, sharp pain pierced his heart, as he recognised that the corpse was that of a beautiful young P So bewildered was he, that he stood like one transfixed, while the startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It was then that, suddenly recalled to himself, he uttered the exclamation with which we open our narrative. Dash Kingston was a well-made, handsome youth of twenty-two. His father had been one of the wealthiest merchants in the city, and the only son of the millionaire had been educated to expect one of the largest fortunes ever bequeathed to an Australian. He graduated at a foreign scV.ool, and then spent two years in travel, and returned home at the age of twenty-four, to find himself an orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at his death he left his son a number of comparatively worthless scrip and his blessing only. , Dash, however, was not one to murmur and complain. He Jiad his health, a good education, and the heritage flf an unstained name, and he felt Capable of fighting the battle of life successfully. Although comparatively poor, he was none the less popular with his former companions, and the numbers of invitations to yachting excursions and other sporting amusements that be received really seriously interfered with his laudable desire to establish himself in his chosen profession. There were few men like Dash Kingston, however. He was a natural-born hero. Handsome in person, generous and brave, and an adept at all manly exercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a powerful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a dead shot with either pistol or rifle, and with all, a whole soulod, manly, dare-devil youth— a good friend, and a brave and magnanimous enemy. When Hemway, one of his companions, first entrgestcd the recovery of the body, I)ash objected^ related,but after a moment's thought he exclaimed: " What a coward I have suddenty become— afraid of a dead girl! No, 110—never ! Lmver tiway tho boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with the tide some day." A word of command from Dash Kingston was sufficient, and a few ininur.es later a boat was lowered,.and Dash anil twn of his young friends l-'aped into it and pulled away with the tide to seek for the beautiful corpse. Probably half an hour had passed since the first discovery of the floating body, until the three young men were in the boat and pulled Away in search of it. " It is a chance if we find it," said Hemway, rho was sitting in the prow on the outlook. " Well, go easy now ; shy her a little to the left; I see something ahead." Dash, who was at the oars, did us directed,fl while He:n way leaned forward and strained hi eyes in the thickening shadows of twilight upon the object that liad attracted his attention. "By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of a man. The river must be strewed with dead people. Steady, now, steady; a little more to the left," continued Hemway,and he leaned forward to see the object, which had disap-_ pcared for a moment in the hollow between the waves. Skilfully Dash guided the boat as he was directed. A moment they were lifted upon the crest of a swell, then swiftly they shot down, and the boat thumped heavily against a floating object. " By thunder!" exclaimed Hemway, in a husky voice, " here it is ; it is a woman's,after all." Dash drew in his oars, and his friend guided the floating body beside the boat. It was not quite dark yet, and leaning over, he glanced at the dark object, when he exclaimed : " It is a female, certain, but it has a black dress on ; the blue- eyed corpse was clothed in wlute." "Then this is not the body you saw?" "No." " This is a go, boys," remarked Tom Hardy, the third youth in the boat. " What are we going to do about it ?" asked the practical Hemway; "we cannot cast it adrift." ' IH be shot if we can take it into the boat, " snia Tom Hardy. "We must find the other one," said Dash Kingston. " Perhaps the two women were in the boat together, and were upset somewhere up the river." " Goodness, see that!" suddenly exclaime.i Tom Hardy, as he leaned forward and took a sloser survey of the black-robed corpse, add- • inc:: " This has been a murder !" and he pointed toward the dead woman's temple, where a gapihg wound was visible, the whole side of the forehead being shattered as though by a blow from a bludgeon. The three young men looked aghast at the fearful sight in silence for a moment, whei. Hemway said: " My opinion is that we had better cast this object adrift, and pull back to the yacht." • " We can tow it ashore and fasten it to one of the piles, where it will be found in the morning; we can do no more," said JJasn Kingston. Twilight had deepened into night, but the red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shone o'er the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and flashed a silver sheen over the dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did the face of the deed woman appear under the shadowy gleam of the moonlight; and, a.? the three young men looked upon tho white lv.it bloatoJ features, cach felt a cold chill curdling around his heart. "Fasten the ropo around ysur prize," said Hardy. " and we'll get through with tho first ghastly job." He::r.vay did as directed, and the blackrobed fiouvc was towed round to the stern of the boat. The boat was now headed toward Wooloor.noloo Bay, and Dash Kingston rowed with a solemn regularity, as though at a floating funeral. In an hour they arrived at the wharf, when Da.-h said, in a husky whisper : " Fasten it to one of the pile?; quick, Hemway, ws are liable to be discovered at any mo mcnt." Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon succccdcd in fastening the body, attached by the rope, to one of the piles, when he said : _ " Now, then, Dash, pull out easily; all is right." Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pullinsr out from under the pier, when suddenly, from the dock over their heads, came the inquiry, in a gruff voice; " Hold ! who goes there ?" " It's a ' cop,' Dash," said Hemway " Pull for vdur life, now, Bub." CHAPTER II. The three young men in the boat cared less for actual adventure than tr.ey did for the ghastly work in which they had been engaged, and wiien Hemway exclauntd, "Let her goit's a 'cop,'" Da-ih laid to <>n his oars, .v.i 1 the boat shot cut from under the pier like a race boat. "Lay to!" said the same gruff voice f rom the dock. "Go hang yourself!" called hack Tom Hardy, who was a reckless, dare- devil sort of a chap. The answer to this polite invitation was a pistol-shot. " By thunder! the wretch take us for river thieves," cxcl.-iimcd Ilrmway, as he dodged a ball that whizzed over his head. Ban"! bang! came, several other shots in quick succcssion, but Dash Kingston's strong rowing had carried thciu beyond pistol-shot range. " Ain I heading for the yacht, boys 5" asked Dash. " Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward the river as though it wculd bury itself in a mist of silver spray ?" said Ilemway. " Arc you going to give up your search for the bluo-c ycd dead angel ?" asked.Tom. " I shall not continue my search just at liresent." And without another word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward the yacht Susie. Once alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while he remained in the boat. " Arc you not coming aboard, Dash ?" asked Hemway. " Not at present. Send Yanko to me." " All right," was the answer, and in a few moments a black face protruded over the side of the yacht, and its coloured owner asked: " You want me, Missa Kingston ?' "Yes, Yanko; I am going ashore, and I jrant you to come along with me to bring the boat back." " All right, sah," replied the black, aud ha leaped over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to the rail and called out: " Where are you off to, Dash !" " Ashore," was the reply,and the boat glided away from the side of the yacht. " I'll be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston has lost his senses; hs is going off on a night excursion all alone to fish for that blueeyed beauty that he imagines he saw floating by here a spell ago," muttered Tom, as he turned away and joined one or two of the crew seated by the cabin door. In the meantime Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards the Manly shore, and running up under one of the piers, he said to the black Yanko: " I am going to get out here, and you can take the boat back." " When me pull away take you back, Missa Kingston ?" " You need not come at all; go ahead now ; I am all right," answered Dash, as he jumped up upon the wharf. Twenty minutes from the departure of the boat, Dash Kingston glided out into tha stream in a cat-rigged sailing-boat, and drifted away with the tide. There was a stiff breeze blowing directlyj towards the other shore, and Dash, thinking the object of which he was in search had drifted tb^re, headed his boat in that diretion. All the way across the harbour he kept his eyes constantly on the alert, scanning every floating object that he passed with the closest scrutiny, but no sign of the white-robsd figure rewarded him. Just outside the shore-swell he steered his boat so as to sail as near the beach as possible, and so commenced to make a complete circuit of the shore. lie had not proceeded very far ere he beheld a dark object moving slowly alqng the beach. Wondering what the man he had seen was up to, Dash turned his boat out from the shore, so as not to attract the attention of the wanderer on the beach, while he himself could see the man's movements. Presently Dash saw the man on the beach come to a halt, aud strain his eyes out upon the water. Dash had brought his boat to, and was leaning over the gunwale, when lie saw the strangely-acting man wade into the water,anc tho next moment seize an object floating on the crest of a wave. Rising to his feet suddenly. Dash leaned forward, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim: " By Jove, he has found it ?" and he immediately headed toward the promontory jutting out from the shore. CHAPTER III. The youta felt greatly excited. His eyes beamed with a queer light, and a pallor overspread his handsome features as lie ran for tha shore. " That fellow is a bird of pray," muttered Dash, as ho moved stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. By the time the youth arrived in sight ol tho man and his prey tho latter ha«j succeeded in hauling the b >dy ashore, and his movements at once betrayed that Kingston's suspicions were correct, as tho latter was able to see, by the aid of the moonlight, that a-t that very moment the fellow was trying to pull a ring from the finger of the corpse. Keeping out of view, he obsei vec' the man's movements f<u- a moment. whil«; ma cing up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clear night; the light of the moon made objects almost as plainly visible as at noonday. Kingston was still undecided as to what excuse he should offer for disturbing the man, when he saw the latter draw a chisp-knife from his pocket and make a niov mient .is though about to sever one of tho dead girl's fingers. Tiie youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, he shouted : " Hold on, you wretch ; what are you doing there?" " And who may you be ?" askecl the man, in a gruff voice, turning round :tnd standing revealed in the moonlight, with the dead girl s hand clasped in one hand and tlie glittering knife in the other. "I am one who will list stand by and permit you to mutilate the dead." " You be, eh ? Well, see here, my young countcr flipper, if you don't -about march and go about your business, I'll s xiother you in the water there." The young man glanced about in every direc tion,and his ej'e fell upon a piece of a broken oar lying upon the beach. A moment later Dash had secured it. It proved to be the round, heavy cud, and die youth wa; delighted that he had secured such an excellent cudgel. Seizing the cudgel firmly, he moved toward the ruffian with tho remark, iu a threatening tone: " My friend, you will have to move away." The man dropped the dead hand, and growl ing more like a dog than a human being, as he drew from his pocket a pistol, and aim'iig it at Dash, cxclaisncd in a fierce voice, and with many oaths: " Look here, Mister ! I've just got a little toy hero that's worth a million of sticks like that; and if you don't want a hole in your skin you'll mooi'/y, and not make any bones about it, either." Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward the villain, determined ta bring matters to a decided issue at once. The mail levelled his pistol, and shouted : " Stand back, or by I'll shoot !" Stili, without flinching, Dash advanced. There came a click, but no report. At the moment that the man pulled the trigger of his pistol Dash swung the bludgeon in the air. As the Irishman says, "a shillelah never misses fire," aud the piece of oar sped through the air and descended upon the wrist and hand of the murdeious body robber, knocked the pistol from his grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain. Still tho man was not overcome. Springing back, he drew a murderous-looking knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antagonist. The latter, however, was too much for him, and quite a lively skirmish followed. Both men dodged and parried upon the beach in the presence of the dead body of the ^Kingston's kindness prevented him from' usir.g his formidable weapon, as he could have done. His object was to knock the knife from the man's haud as he had done the pistol, and then drive him off. He failed to succeed,and the stubbornness of the man invited his own doom. " Will you make off?" asked Dash. Aud leave the diamonds and jewels to you, pard ? No, no, replied the man, from between his clenched teeth. Then your fate be on 3 T our own head," cx-I claimed Dash. "Go kecrful, young man; this is murder, yer know." " Will you make off?" • " No !" yelled tho man, and with a fearful oath he made a spring at Dash. ' Tho latter was prepared. His patience was also exhausted and down came his cudgel, when the foiled libber sunk upon the wet sand. CHAPTER IV. A . wienr - and . ghost-hke . . I*. scene _„„„, was „„„„ presented upon that lonely beach under the br.ght moon- . light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the \ wet sar.d, and leaned over the pale, stark face < of the dead girl. ' Even while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely- formed lips would part, and from the pearly teeth would c«n>a a sv. eet voice, asking, " Where am I ?" Instinctively he brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair forehead. It was cold—icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as though he had laid his warm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and Etepped over and glanced at the mtiian he had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. t He lived ; and, with the muttered remark: " It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash returned aud contemplated the white figure of the murdered girL While he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's finger. He stooped, as though .about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion caused him to start back and exclaim: " No; I cannot rob the dead !" en his eyes fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in the girl's ears. " What shall I do? If I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, some other vandal like yon scamp may come-along and possess himself of them," he muttered. After reflecting.a moment, he added : " I will remove them aud hold them for the friends of tho dead girl." Dash was more successful than the robber had been, and had but little difficulty in removing the jewels. He had but just possessed himself of them when lie heard voices,and upon raising his eyes l.ff saw the glimmer of a light approaching toward him along the beach. " Great heavens ! If I am found with these jewels on me I will bo looked upon as a robber of the dead ;" he suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively he turned, as though to run away. "I mean no harm, but I must protect myself," he muttered, and with a cat-like step lie moved away. After proceeding a short distance he ascended the bank that lined the brv.ch, and moving stealthily along, retraced his uteps to a point opposite to where the body lav. He had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached the spot where the white figure lay. The men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of the terrible mistake he had made. "There has been foul murder here,"said one of the men, as he hold his lantern down over the face of tlie dead girl. " It has been a double murder," cried another of the men, as his eye fell upon the form of the man. "No, by thunder! This fellow lives," ho added, after a moment, as he felt the wounded man's pulse. "Yes; I live,"came the response in feeble tones. " What has happened ?" asked the men in chorus, as they gathered round. " Give me a drink first ; I am dying of thir.-i." One of the newcomers had a flask with him, and put it to the man's lips. Tlie latter drank, and seemed greatly revived, when lie said : " A terrible crime lias just been committed before my eyes." " Tell us about it, quick ! There may yet be a chance to capture the assassin." The fellow pretended to be very much ovorffome by tne terrible scene he had witnessed, and also to feel bad from the effects of the blow he had received ; but taking another good pull from the flask, he said : "I was walking along the beach, when I r.aw a struggle going on in a boat a little off tlio shore between a man and a woman. The man finally seined an oar and struck the girl a blow on the back of the hcad.nnd she fell overboard, when the man sailed away." " And this is tho girl that was murdered?" " Yes; I recovered the body after an hour's lalwur, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, when the assassin returned. He assaulted me, and a struggle followed, but with tho same oar with which he crushed in the skull of the girl he laid me out, then robbed the body of the girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped." Dash heard the whole story, and would have rushed down and denied it; but, alas ! circumstances were against liiin. The girl's head had been crushed by a bludgeon, and he really had the jewels on his person, although for no unlawful purpose. One of the men was left with the body, while the others started to notify tho authorities, so that an immediate search might be instituted lor the supposed assassin. * The man had furnished an accurate description of Dash Kingston, and, as the latter stole away,he fully realised his peril ; circumstances | —fatal circumstances, were against him,and he had unconsciously assisted in gathering them about him. Ho succeeded in reaching the city without being discovered, and upon the following morning read in the papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a diabolical murder, including an accurate description of the clothing worn by the assassin, and a garbled description of his person. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts ; and in hopes that the matter would blow over in a few days, he shaved off his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon the very evening of his arrival he was passing the door of the laides' parlour in the hotel, when he beheld a sight that caused liis Iieart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in his veins. , There, standing in the centre of the parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his eyes rested upon was the living, breathing girl thfc dead body of whom he believed he had left upon the Rose Bay shore under the moonlight some hours before. At first he thought it might bo only a fancied resemblance. Recovering his self- possession, he stepped into the room. Thero was not the least possibility of a mistake ; there were, tho same features, the same lovoly bluo eyes, the samo golden tresses, tlis oxquisito- mouth— all,all tho same, " Oli, hoavons ! nm I mad, or have T hewn dreaming some horrible dream T" munnurei Dash, as he staggered from the room. But the idea of a dream was quicldy dispelled. . . His hand pressed the jewels m his pocket, and the blue'eyes were turned toward him in wondering amazement L to an COM-JSUKDJ 