A P1'osrtPEous SmCIeTY. - The Third Beecchwsrtlh uilding Society has just issued its annuali llunle-shect, which shows a proftit for the last year of £?1i76 14s O(d. From Mir. C. L. DeBoos, the local agent, we learn that there are 45 borrowers at Euroa, 4 at Violet Town, and 5 at Long-wood. The shares are £60 cach, and the society tcrmin ates in six years from the Ist September last. The first year's profits were 3s 3d per sharec the second year increased to 12s,third OSs 6id fourth £2 IMs 7d, the present value of sharet being £14 15s 7d. Tile total accumunlate profits are £3011 3s SSd. The number o: shares in the society is 10S3., of which 501 are satisfied. During the year the entrance fee soand premium was fixed at £3. Tin advances siutle to date amlount to £30,059. against which securities to the value of e £49,041 are held. This is one of the Smost successful country societies in tih colony. FRUIT.ROWEits.-At tile meeting of thil Euroa Fruit-growers' Association on WVed nesday, the principal business was the con ' sideration of the Bill for the better provisiot e of colonial wine licenses, and the removal o ,t licenses from one house to another. Th' i whole of the clauses were approved with th exception of the last one, which penalisc, d pointed out that this would constitute a mis t demeanor on the part of is licensed victualler who had no means of knowing whether thi s wine lie purchased had been fortified or not The president's office was declared vacan r under the rules, Mr. McKenna having beet absent Irom three consecutive meetings, ant Mr. Chandler, vice- president, was sitnilarlj dealt with for the same cause. Both tilt g' gentlemen named were re-nominated to thC . vacancies. It was resolved to include in thi programme of the November show specia prizes of 15s and 5s for the best collection Sof apples. e MAIKE YOUR E?rsIes--WV draw the atten tiou of intendling competitors to the time foe t closing entries for the Eurna Agricultural Society's show, namely, Friday next, 13l:t inst., after which date no entries will be received. MmIsttAv.- A mishap, fortunately un i attended with serious consequences,happene( a the other day to Mr. J. Gibson, J.P., whilsl r driving from Euroa to Sheatn's Creek. Al uone point the road is being formed, and thi horse shied, pulling the cart over the emrt bankment and turning a complete somier s sault. Mr. Gibson fell clear, and with great presence of mind held down the horse's neat] tuntil some bystandtrs arrived and loosened the Iirntess, thus allowing thie animal to gel free of the shafts without the breaka-ge ofa I strap or bucklc. Mr. Gibson's friends con. h gratulate him on his escapefrom I dangerous predicament. S Srer.IA HORSE SA?.E.-J.,H. Teague and Co. announce the holding of a special sale e1 400 horses at Nigambie on the 24th inst. As the demand for horses has icereased con Ssideratbly owners may rely on a good nuimber of buyers being present. RecovEarY.-The many friends of Mr.C.L. I)elloos will be pleased to learn that hlie i now making rapid recovery from his serious illness of the. past fortnight - influenza, Saggnravated by slight inflammation of the lungs. His condition at one time caused grave anxiety, but owint to the skill of the medical attendant aont the unremitting attention of his family hlie has passed the . crisis safely, and now hopes to resume his ordinary duties in a few days. Strow NaOItT. - A concert and ball -is announced to be held on nhow night (Oct. 19th) at the Euroa Public-hall, programme for which will be published in our next Sissue. . licsib. - The Iahlmattutn annual picnic takes place on Wednesday next, near the cordtat invitatton to tile generaliptubic.Cs sitteindltihiiioot'peiiposrgaltiring. SVITiCU.Troan-In to-day's isosue appears the first portion of Mir. Jr E. Alaxield's I report on the vine-growitlg districts around Shepparton and elsewhere. We commeni d it to the attention of our readers its containing mnany points of great importance to intending growers. - - -- - - - ;', W1o is H ?-The following advertise. ment appears in the Melbourne " Herald": "YoUso lAN ..good family, fair situation, wishes to correspond with young Lady, view to matrimssny; photo..idesired. Address, 'Bll,ndi,' P.O., Euroa." Who "Bondi" is, is of conre,ase acret at presenlt, but,if genuine, tile advertiser certainly betrays either a lack of wit or a mond,twist in his character when lie fails to fitd aitinog the beautiful,talented, housewifely maidens of Euroa anid district it partner whto would do credit to any station in lifeimuchl less to the requirements of a gentleman holdinga i'"fair situati.m" (pro bably 2:5s per uwec). But perhaps "'londi" considers himnself altogether.i .a "supetrior" party, on account of the "good family" which he is so careftil to advertise, and so tries to trap some poor innocent into matrimony by the aid of tile Iones of his oldil dadul grand monthcr.t e Just think of whatt you've missed, PiosT.i. -in importaiti' xtensoi oif tile" postal note'systel I has been agreied on by a reccprosal arrsangementr between New Sounh' Willles and Victoria ?undter whicih' the notes of either colony will be payable at anly mnoney order oftice in, thei other, Ti exstra oom tinssion Will be ptid byC the recciver, and Will ialnount simply to the dioubling of ,the rete chargeed" for: paytnentt?nin- one colony only. The parcel post system also is tq be ekttridit to the northern colony.nt rates equivalent to those charged to the other adjacent oqlonies. The charges will be Sd for tile. first lb. antid Od.i for each additqonal lb. ip C.to the inaxi mum of 11 lbI 'liese extra fdejliie a'fo iiter colonial postal business will be 'ivailable on the 1st October, - Ta?AM AcoinnsT.-Mr. Himen, who ,wass severely injured recently by a tram reciduent \ at St. Kilka, is, we learn, cousin to Mr. C.L. h DeBoos, of lEuroa. The unfortunate gentle- ai maw, who is 64 years of age, has had ilis leg a' amputated at the hip. He is in a private fir word at the Alfred Hospital, under the of special care of Dr. O'Hara, and is reported to w be rmaking satisfactory progress. cc POLICE COURT.-At the Violet Town court of petty sessions on Friday last, Mr. C. L. Dobbin, P.M., and Messrs. Croccker and Linard, J.'sP., occupied the Bench, and the cases were disposed of as follows :-Kellock v. Alex. McPherson, goods soal, £6 6s 9d.- Order for amount and 5s costs. Rosanna Keane v. Fredcrick Fitch, goods sold and delivered. £3 2s 2d. Complainant stated that £1 had been received since the issue of the summons, and an order was made for the balance, with 2s 6d costs. Margaret Aldridge v. Elizabeth Ramage, illegal de- tention of goods to the value of £1 10s. Mr. Archer appeared for the complainant. The defendant said that she had nothing to do with the case, but it was her husband who should have been sued in his province as executor under a will. Upon Thos. Ramage consenting to have his name substituted as defendant, the Bench heard the evidence, and made an order for the restitution of the goods, with 15s 6d costs. W.C. Williams v. Robert Mitchell, wire netting supplied, £9 13s 7d. Mr. Lawry appeared for the com- plainant, and Mr. Hassett for the defendant, who raised the point that the proceedings should have been taken under the Fencing Act, and the case was dismissed. Charles Barden v. Patrick Reardon, use and hire of stallion, £1 10s. Mr. Hassett appeared for t the complainant, and Mr. Loawry for the defendalnt. The defence was no foal no pay, I aiutdl tile easewas ,dliaiineil w.ithll 0ls 1 costs. Tholmas -Hoskin v. Hlttl Clatrk, ..olls sold, S£3 18s Mr. L.awry firr the comlplainant, nmiltdlIr.JHaeseOt for ti?detiiiedti nt- Oirder for the amount and 13s costs. DEPARTURE Or Mn. ?MURRAY. -- Mr. Murray, for the last ten years head teacher of the Euroa State school, leaves to-day by the morning train en route for Iceland, the Education Department having granted four months' leave of absence. Mr. Murray goes at the desire of liia father, who some time since mot with a severe accident, and has since been confined to his belie. The announce n ment of his departure was made odly this is week, but last evening a number of repre sentative townsmen met at the North-.Eastern hotel to wish Mr. Murray adieu. Mr. J. E. Handbury occupied the chair, and paid 11 a handsome tribute to the sterling character of Mr. Murray as a friend, a townsman, and ia teacher. Ont behalf of many residents of it Euroa and district the chairman in hlppy of terms said it was his pleasant dutyto present to .Mr. Murray a cheque, its a slight expres e si n of the esteem in which he was helt by cr all clh,s:es of the community. The toast, id "The health of the guest of the evning," was d proposed by Mr. A. Fraser, and honored in bumpers. Mr. Murray feelingly responded, or acknowledging the compliment paid him,and echoing the wish of those present that lihe might sous return with renewed health and vigtr. The toast of "Mrs. OMurray and ni Family" was proposed in flattering terms, nl andl an enjoyable social hour was afterwards ii pissed. During Mr. tMurray's absence Mrs. d. Murray will take charge of the school,having re the assistance of an extra male and female t, teacher. he SHIRe AccouNsy.-Payments are awaiting n- the following persons at the shire office, viz., it. A. Phillips, H. Rennick, G. McCracken, J. e, Thompson, and J. Barry. d, SERVICEs.-St. Dunstan's Church, Violet cs Town, celebrates its anniversary on Sunday next, when the Rev. Wmn McKiio will offi ciate at three services. There will be two 6 services at St. Paul's Church, both con lie ucted by the Bev. W. Hancock. 9, LOyNGWOOD. -A meeting of the Longwood of Athletic Club is called for Tuesday next, for le the purpnseof passing accounts for payment, he and other business. SeoRTs.-The programme for the Prince of ie Wales' Birthday sports, to be held by the ;d Violet Town U.A.O. Druids, appears in our n. advertising columns. on St?sI?I SHIRE CONTRAITS.-The follow of ing contractors are requested to sign their le contracts immediately, viz., J. Gaynor, P. :he Broderick, G. McCracken, T. Kirkwood, J. ed Keating, C. Iddles, J. S. Murray, W. Budd. iis- VIOLT ? TowsV- MINSETRel. - The Violet er, Town Minstrels appeared in the local he Meclhanics'.hall on Friday evening last to a t. good house. The circle consisted of Messrs. t J. Fisher (interlocutor), E. Grogan and T. en Latimer. (bones), G. Neil and H. Meyer od (tambos), H. Meyer and E. Beggs. After an ly opening chorus by the company, Mr. Hm. Mle ieyersang"Sailing down tle golden stream," e the song and chorus being very effective. he "Elsie of the Glen," by Mr. Fisher, was one ial of the best efforts of the evening. Mr. G. 0n Neil, who excels in minstrel comedy, con vulsed his hearers by his song, "All for n- Sarah," MIr. E. Beggs following with the 'or ballad, "Climbing the golden stair." Mr.E. tl Grogan was well supported by the company th in his rendition of "Go and tell Maria,' and be Mr. Hy. Meyer sang that sweet old ballad, "Bonny Eloise." Mr. T. Latimer, a new i. comer to Violet Town, possessing a wonder ed fully powerful voice, sang "Good old Jeff," 1st to great applause, the first part of the enter At tainment concluding with the extravaganza le "Bones and the ghost." The part singing in n. the choruses was tile best of the kind we r. have heard in Violet Town. An interval of at fire minutes preceded a capital "olio," the sd numbers in which provoked frequent ap ed plause and recalls. "Sweethearts andwives," et J. Fisher ; "The golden wedding," G. Neil; a Old England and the new," T. Latimer; .n- "Happy moments," E. Beggs; "The mid us shipmite," G. Neil. The ludicrous farce, "The Baby Elephant," produced by Messre. id Hy. and Hm. Meyer, T. Latimer, G. Neil, anid E. Beggs, evoked much merriment, and . sent the audience home in a thoroughly good humor. er GovT. AUDITOR. -- Mr. E. Stribling has been appointed auditor for Benalla and Rutherglen shires and also for PlutlUerglen a borough. s 'PUnuL MxELrrlNo.-A public meeting will , be held at the Balmattum State school on Ee Monday evening, under the auspices of the d F,P.A., to take steps to secnre better accom oe inoeation for dairy produce, at the local Srailway station. e CiAOnrTY.-A concert in aid of Miss Block, is who is still sufferimg from the sad accident she experienced nearly three months since, is spoken of at Violet roown. Tue poor girl, , it is said, is likely to be a cripple fodir a long e time, if not for life. t PRESBYTERIAN CIIURi~C. - Five vacancies have occurred on the Board of llanagement e of thie Presbyterian Church, Euroa,in con Ssequence of thie retirement by ialhnxiion of ing to vote fornew nmemberis nijisttfill ii-iis Swriting, thle :names of one or more persons S(up to eight), the name of the voter to be placed on the back of thei slip. Votes thus prcpared may be placed in thie collection plate on either thie 15th or22nd inst. SPatIz SADDLERuY. - The well-known firm of Kinnear and Son, of Euroa, were again very successful at the Cobram shoiv on Tues day. when they secured seven first prizes for their saddlery exhibits. SAoRcmuLTURAL SocI?x'r. - A meeting of commnittee was held on Tuesday, when a llI arrangements were completed for thie forth, 0onming show on thie 19th inst. It was arunged that the ground conmmittee meeton Tuesday next, at 3 p.m., to .inspect tihe yards and execute necessary detail works. USEPOrL liIN. -? To prevent hares froi damaginig fruit trees, 31r. Cox, gardener, iNutnm,,urkah, recommends an application of mutton suet to the stem. Itemnove all skin from tile snet and poundl the fatty portion into a paste. Apply this to the tree and hares will rot touchl it. Cats may be prer vented from scratchling trees Iy tying acacia or boxtlorn twigs around thie stems. I;'n.E B.oncodK.-cl'he Americans hnave a stying tholut "the Babcock tests boat tthe Bihle:fitin itakisig a mint lhonest." Omie maniitger is reported to have said,, "I have bieen quoting scripture to my people 'for years and csud not nimprove thiem. I putin a Babcock test and evgirything came right." Ponorss m.rry.4A oeresponuleat, mi another c column, dlaas jteutsion to thie' increase of II profanity it district footbitll matchles, a t feature of the ganel much tq be deplored. e 1layers should rnmeriber Pope's linc--tTo a 00ear is neither brave, golite, anorr wise'. .' t :B.BeoLo. Sinow.'--Ti :first dhay of the 5 Be"imlla stiow (yetceday") attractetd very few : visitoir from this part. ·Douhtless number t will atteLud to-diay from Euroas, Violet Town; 0 and elewhere. :: ' ::: i:; GOVE.RScit T AUDITOR. - We note that M.r. R. I. Lnvell, ,f Collins-st., Melbourne, has been appointed to audit the yearly iicroInilts for the shires of Euroa, Howqua, iand Mansfield. This gentleman, who is a "first-class accountant, audited the accounts of this shire last year, the work being lone with Ia considerable saving to the council as comnpareil with previoun yeair. LrcTUns. - 0I Wednes-lay evening the Rev. \Win. McKic, of St. Paul's, Ascot Vale, gave very interesting and instructive lecture in the Public-hall, Euroa, entitled "Lights and rhad jws of five dinturies." The lecture was illustrated by Beautiful limelight views well shown by Mr. Ptts, and the pro ceed - were devoted to the building fund of St. Paul's church. 'The attendance was very satisfactory. The lecturer really dealt with the burning question, "The origin of the Church of England." He aimed at, and suc ceeded in, giving a popular account of Chris tianity in Icritaitn before the landing of St. Augustine in the year A.D. 597. View fol. lowed view, and was well described in quick succession, tihe audience being kept fully interested. At the conclusion the lecturer introduced some nearer home scenes illus trating the rise of the Church of England in the colony. Portraits of the first Bishop of Melbourne, his successor (Dr. Moorhouse), and the Ven. lean Macartney were greeted with enthusiasin. Mr. McKie is to repeat his lecture at Violet Town this evening,rihen it should meet with a hearty reception. IT WILI PAY You to read A. Miller and SCo's. advertisement on ourfourth page. They are offering bargains in every department this week that astonish themselves, and will assuredly astonish their customers. They have also made special arrangements for. purchasing all classes of fart and dairy produce, liides, skis , ioultry, eta., for which they give the highest prices'possible. Wlhen in Euroa it will pay you to visit their large and commodious establi'hment. Theair stock is certainly the largest,most complete, and heat .assorted in the North-Eastern Sdistrict.-ADVT. SA NEW MErIDoD:-Bluch interest attaches to an experiment in rabbit drying for export r which will be made to-day, at the Horticul s tural Gardens at Burnley, with a fruit eva Spo.rator, in the presence of the dairy expert, a Mr David Wilson, Mr Watson, manager of Stie Hamilton Rabbit Preserving Company; s Mr Inglis, manager of the Camperdown Rab. Sbit Preserving Company ; members of Par. liament and other visitors. In America, it Sis stated, experiments tried with tlese fruit drying machines have been very successful. Tile rabbits are first pickled slightly in or A dinary brine, and then allowed to drain tho Srougily, after wlhich they are placed in the 'y evaporator and dried. These dried rabbits tit is alleged,sell at from 3d to 3id each in the S United States, and the managers of the local 'y rabbit factories believe that if the process will work here satisfactorily they c-,uld de i3 velop an export trade, as they could afford in to sell them in England at 3d each. For tlhe d. rabbits, when jusatkilled, from 2d to 4d per II pair is paid, and occasionally as high as 5d. c The skins are also sold, the fur being used I for felt-liht naking. i, POTrTS' COUoG. BAiSA,5x.-A pleasant and ds effective remedy-may be taken in all early r. staies of chest affections. It affordsprompt no relief to painful coughing, colds, hoarseness, lie broncllitis, etc. Is l and 2s 6d per bottle. -H. -\\. Potts, Chemist, Euroa.-ADVT. SFor the Cough accompanying Measles or , Influenza use Potts' Cough Balsam. J. PRorPETr DISTRIBUnT:os.-A per adver tisement in our columns, the Committee of let Management of the Equitanble Building .y Society notifies that the Allotment of Proper ffi- ties will shortly be held ; the Subscription wo List closing on November 30th. We are i- isked to draw attention to the fact, that,as stated, the Society is legally incorporated od under Act of Parliament. We understand for that Share List is filling satisfactorily. In ut, tending shareholders should note that early Sapplication is desirable. 