A SAMARITAN OF THE RIVERINE. By RANDOLPH BEDFORD. IN TWO PARTS Part II. The shock to the Snmiirittin had been very great 1 here in the midst of the new life of fairness and punt., the corpse of the convict time had consummated its resurrection For Bei some hours following the departure of the informer who had left the Tilpa without any idea of her captain a identity he sat in the little cabin next the wheelhouse with his arms folded, and his head fallen on his breast I he supercargo looked in once or twice to oak where the steamer was to tie up and had been told to steam east till I tell you the dusk crept over the river, and the treat spondon and bow lamps were lit and the cook rang the bell for supper I hit the captain still ant in the cabin on the wheel deck and told his friendly querists that he was all right never better leave him alone He sat there and thought until he was almost mod At 6 o'clock the mate went to him and insisted on being heard ' the night was very dark the river was dangerously low the stream was sown with anne- lin In t they better tie up v Stephen Been aroused himself by great effort rose and went into the wheelhouse there he went over the rough chart-which was rolled up in a great box, and was almost as long as the river itself-and told them to do up in the next bend His voice hollow as the voice of the dying made mate and supercargo look at him surprised 'they Bury that the face was not the face of the -amateur Always clean shaven it had resumed the expression of the hunted con viet not buy-its lines had hardened the lips seemed to have become thin and cheering uni crud- the eyes were shot with yellow gleams of revengeful madness the mouth was half open in a horribly hungry fashion-the eye teeth standing can -previously in the bare and livid gums were like the fangs of the wild dog you are ill, dad, said the supercargo pityingly No I am not, answered Been, " I lifted a big weight to day, an I've strained my back The mate suggested a sweating bath in a wet sheet bat Stephen Bean refused all the remedies of the river, and, without waiting to see the beloved Tilpa snug for the night turned in In the darkness there came to him strange old shapes he hoped he had forgotten, the el oils of the gang who attempted to escape, for which Abel Shaw had sold them to the commandant there came the ghost of jouiiL, Hitchins- the boy who had in the front) of recapture killed the constable who I nil attempted his arrest the boy who had, in the awful desperation of his gallows death, uttered blasphemies that made even the executioner shudder There came the shade of Ictir Wells who died on the triangles during his punishment as ringleader of the escape there came to him others said shapes Buying hesitatingly that the time for justice and armed, noisy, blasphemous shapes call it on him in the name of his manhood and he lost his oath to tender their stripes and the greatness of their old time misery Some were cold and half apathetic, some despair ing some hot with the white heat of lost nursed wrong but all of them commanded him to do the one deed-to slay their common enemy And as if they had been so many men and he was indeed their captain too he had told them that justice should be done and had waved them aside as if they interfered with him thoughts then the shapes left him to decide on the manner of Ourtli s death All sorts of schemes mostly impracticable BE.ated themselves to him. He would do to the Informer into the dry waste in the back blocks of the river kill his horse, and leading ladies of thirst-he would invite him aboard the steamer, and leap into the river with him he would lock him in the cabin and shoot him he would poison carts These and a hundred other plans worked in his brain contemporaneously he rose early the next morning, still in decided on the manner of Garth s death still determined to exact full payment of the revenue owing to him However, for that week at least he could do nothing He must mature his scheme there must be no hitch in the execution or failure would be the inevitable resultant I lie 1 dpa resumed her journey up stream with her captain in the same undecided frame of mind 1 three days after they had reached Brewarrina the river fell alarmingly and the Etonians forced to remain tied up at the wharf until the next fresh During this pint of enforced idleness the captain came to a conclusion as to the way the death sentence passed by the ghosts of the murdered on the informer should be carried out The accepted plan was (grotesquely horrible-the jury of dead felons by their foreman Stephen Bean, had both found the verdict and imposed the expiation Garth the ou nor of Corunn w. as sentenced to be dressed in the old magpie costume then to be tied up and flogged to death The labour of decoying and binding him was easy to the Samaritan s diplomacy and the Samaritan s strength, and revenge would make his arm tireless of the scourge until the end had been consummated A fine revenge truly-the Samaritan felt almost happy as he thought over it The fresh did not arrive until August and then it was very small, and only carried them a score miles west of Louth The mate and supercargo worried and fretted under the delay they cursed the river which was now not much more than a chum of pools 'They stamped the deck because September was very close at hand I re this they should have been half way back from I almost, ready to sell out the store to the shearers and to get the earliest bales of the clip and beat the hated Saddler and the V nrrego on the down stream journey Stephen Bean smiled calmly at the delay There was plenty of time he said he did not care if the barge went down stream emptying the Saddler have the wool- what did he care' A few homestead lessees men with a paltry 10 000 sheep or so- had out out earl) and the clip of these small men came to the Tilpa and filled the hearts fairly well this fact served to cheer the supercargo and the mate They would not be able to trade very much because the store was almost empty that they could get wool loading in early, so that they would be ready to race for the market on the rise when it did come But the) felt liners) for all that simply because all the life of the stream seemed uneasy) also 1 he rats began to leave the river and scurry up the banks and on to the plains-every day saw an exodus of rabbits And then there came that leaders hush of ever) thing which preceded an) unusual occurrence in nature The tin er did not seem to apple as it struck the floats of the lilias wheels-the duck flew away from their natural home-the screaming cockatoos screech ed no more and lied south instead of meat as usual-the gum leaves murmured not that mr was heavy with suppressed year even the birds of the month, the para eels which were merely animated shrieks in a dress of emerald and crimson lying athwart the gold of the sun were strangely mute-the whole earth seemed to hold its breath so that it might not with the apprehension milich filled it And Stephen Bean noting these signs stretched a wire cable from the towns, flame of the Alps to a great eucalypt growing in the depression inside the southern bank of the river He ordered the area to be I felt 1 and the engine rusted by its long rest drove the steamer to an opening in the free unite just abeam of the anchoring gum He) prepared in short with the impudent daring of man, for a running fight with an inundation Hit) saw no man belonging to the land they were as much alone as if the river had been a trackless- sea No news of the flood came to them-they blamed Bourke for not having sent warnings But Bourke itself was wrestling despairingly with the water giant The founders of the town have built it in the shorter parallel of a horseshoe bend, just where the river can do its greatest, most destructive work While the people of the Tilpa grew sick with anxiety, Bourke was up to its arm pits in water-Bourke was dishevelled and drunken with the Hood It came to the _ dips in a wall of water and wreckage-a wall of water that broke and reformed and fell upon itself with the sound of thunder-a wall that bore patriarchal trees from their roots and hurled them along like matches wall that Russia d like a great serpent, and gathered and crushed the face of the world in its constricting folds It came with battering rams of trees of wreckage covered with snakes and other creeping things huddled together like friends their venom Sapped by fear As the '1 lips and her barge rose with the Hood the crew hauled on the cable and started the engines, and so by and by drew the steamer and her charge up to the tree which the mate said would stand t forty floods But at 3 o'clock the next morning, when the rain was falling in sheets, the mate recanted The fastenings of the cable had disappeared , the water crept into the limbs of the tree and shook it till it groaned And still they held on In mid current the water was black with timber and living trees rafts of debris carrying hopeless animals, opossums swooning with fear, monkey bears waiting like little children lost in the streets of a great city). At 9 o'clock they heard a steamer a whistles shrieking above the roar of the water, and a few minutes later a wool laden barge shot past them Then followed a Steamer-The red lights singing the water as with blood, her stack vomiting sparks The men on the Tilpa could sip That one wheel had been carried away by the battering ram of wreckage is) probably the rudder had gone also, and they were endeavouring to steer her out of the current with the remaining wheel It was the Warrego-she had ridden from Louth on the face of the flood. The Warrego disappears-then comes more wreckage-the Hood draws back for an effort, advances again, and passes triumphant, carrying with it the Tilpa barge and £3,000 worth of the season's clip Just after daylight the saviour Eucalypt is torn from the soil Stephen Bean springs to the towing frame and cuts the cable with two lightning strokes of the axe, and the Tilpa goes full speed ahead, steering south on to the plain which is now a sea Any one of those logs that are coming down with the current like stones from a sling would sink the steamer in an instant, and they try to make for the dead water But it takes time to leave the current-its force is so great that the helm answers spasmodically), and between the spasms the engine drives the, steamer down the stream with frightful velocity) They are not caught by the dreaded wreckage-they catch it Finally at 11 o'clock, they reach the still water covering a treeless plain, and there they anchor 'that plain, although the Samaritan knows it not, covers Corona Station They breakfasted at noon, and the Captain was unusually heavy The loss of the barge didn t matter much, he said, with a curious smile on his face He wouldn't want it any more, but he was sorry for the boys sake all the same During the afternoon the wreckage became larger It was not confined to trees and river debris now-fence rails, boxes, furniture, and, to show how far the water could penetrate, aeradio came bobbing and turning into the haven of the steamer 'they found that the cradle, by virtue of its shape, was an ark of this deluge-the rescued being mostly snakes and tarantulas and scorpions and centipedes and all the insect horrors and creeping things which no living man may imagine At 4 o'clock a but came down, escaped from the current, careered wildly in the eddies, and then collapsed with a noise like the discharge of artillery against a tree which had so far been too strong for the flood Then a minute later another hut, swimming high out of the water ran down in midstream, and when abeam of the Tilpa suddenly shot athwart the current and collided with the same tree But it did not go to pieces A projection in the timber wedged it in the tree fork, and there it stood exposing its bulk to the swirl of the deluge Stephen Bean and the mate and Garth looked at the arrested shanty, expecting it to break up Suddenly the captain exclaimed, "Damned if there ain't a man on that thing quite as suddenly he lowered the dinghy), one of the only two boats of the Tilpa, sprang into her, and pulled for the wreck before anybody fairly understood his intention He had become a Samuntun again he had forgotten his revenge at the sight of a human being in danger, he had left a haven for the jaws of death the man on the hut was still now He had been waving his arms to the Tilpa until he saw the boat put off to his rescue 'He Samaritan pulled to the wreckage as if his own existence depended upon his speed His struggle to keep the boat broad side on to the boiling current was almost Titanic But at last he reached the lee of the anchored hut, and after fastening the dinghy) to a projecting spar swung himself into the tree 'The castaway greeted him with a cry of joy Stephen Bean clambered on to the hut and straddled the ridge pole, so that he was face to face with the man who had under gone the perilous voyage on the quaking building And then the Samaritan became Been the Convict again His face was transfigured he looked at the wretch whose eyes were so close to his as a terrier might look at a rat His face expressed an awful joy the happiness of the strong courageous devil who finds a coward devil in his grasp 'The Informer noted that sudden change, and in the space of a thought recognised his old enemy and shrieked aloud "So I've got you, said Stephen Been very slowly), enjoying to the full Shaws accession of fear "I knew I'd get )ouaometime ' And then, with the snarl of a wolf, D'ye remember little Hutchins an' Peter Wells, on dirty liar door' Dye remember Bendigo and Wood's Point ' An' you're a swell now, are you an' a squatter an' J P and' all-an' ye ye got a son who'd drown year if he knew what ) are an' I've bin play in a long and all me life 'through you, you dog , through you " The Informer opened his mouth to shriek for mere), but the roar of the water drowned his voice, and the grip of the captain on his wrist made linn dumb "I'm going' to leave me here," said Been again 'An its an easier death than I meant for erects an easier death than the d agree to-the) 11 'aveter content themselves w -til it " He spoke of " them " as if they were indeed men and not impotent shadows The Informer made no answer he was dumb with terror. "So good bye to her, ' concluded the captain " May legs to the hell he sent those boys term' may we meet em there. He ceased and swung himself from the roof, but ere his feet touched the tree the In former, mad with fear, caught his wrist in a grip of steel and screamed aloud above the artillery of the flood The struggle was very brief Stephen Bean wrestled with his enemy on the siva) ing hut for a moment and, freeing himself, reached the tree and looked down for a foothold in his boat But that struggle had given them both to death The swirl ing of the hut and loosed the spar, and spur and boat had darted off with the current The convict gnashed his fangs in rage and climbed higher into the tree to signal for the other dinghy To his surprise it was not more than a dozen lengths away-the mate and the supercargo had seen the struggle trod had hastened with their assistance. They steered to the boat under the gum and called to Stephen seen to drop in. " It 'will only hold another safely," advised the Supercargo. Stephen Bean prepared to take the jump, and, seeing him, the Informer shrieked again. Then the supercargo looked to the figure on the hut, and recognised in this blood-eyed, four-decker, wild animal in the coverings of man-his father. Still, he did not falter. " There's only room for one," he repeated to the man whom he respected. "lump, dad." Been hesitated-the expression of affection had half-killed the wolf in him. The Informer began to cry and pray and blaspheme by turns, his big round face working convulsively. "Jump, Dad," said the supercargo. " Jump quick we can't hold on here much longer." Stephen Bean was decided-the wolf was altogether dead-the Samaritan breathed again. "I'll wait till next' time" he said. "Take this snivelling' vermin, though he aint good enough to sit in the boat with you, George." Even in that awful moment George Garth wondered at the words, and the expression of dying hatred, but he had no time to think just then. A crying shivering bundle fell through the air and into the boat, and the dingey headed for the steamer, the mate crying to the captain that he would be back directly. But before they could reach the steamer the great gum-tree went down, and the hut, with Stephen Been perched on its roof, drifted with the boiling current. They got away from their moorings and the engines going in a marvellously short time, but the hut was not then in sight. The darkness did not end the search. All through the night the Tilpa was a blaze of red lights tramping up and down the water road, one moment staggering painfully up hill against the swift stream, the next shoot- ing like an arrow from a bow with the current, and the whistle shrieking at every pile of wreckage. At dawn they spoke of him as of the dead, yet they persevered in the search. They intended to find his body if they tramped the river as long as Philip Vanderdecken cruised off Table Mountain. And at 10 o'clock they found him, and he was yet alive. The house had collapsed against a heap of debris, and the timber had pinned him by the waist. During the night the pile had largely increased, and the great weight almost cut him in two. Yet he had survived the awful experience his feet had been frozen in the icy water, his middle had been crushed by the weight of the flood wreck, and still the wonderful vitality the convict system had developed in him bad strengthened him to triumph. He had not know them as they hailed his discovery with cries of pity and affection-as they dug him clear of the debris, as they tenderly lifted his bruised body and dangling, useless limbs from wreck to raft, and from raft to the steamer-ark. He only heard the fearful chorus of the flood-the rushing of great waters, with the clarion song of the New born as its Antiphone. A spar and wounded him on the head, and he was what the mate called "queer." In the afternoon he awoke to find himself in his own berth and the supercargo bend- ing anxiously over him. "Oil, dad, dad," said the young man, " you're all right, ain't you : You don't feel any pain ?" Stephen Bean smiled. I'm not all right, George-, but I ain't feeling' any pain, my back's broke-that's what it is.-' And then he dozed again. As the lights were lit be asked if the river had gone down. " Not enough to be safe out of the dead water, the mate told him, " but they could get a boat ashore in the back wash easily." Then Stephen Been cried fiercely, "Let him go ashore then." "Put the vermin ashore. Don't let him see me dead I'm the last of 'em all-don't let him see me dead." And wondering they obeyed him. The supercargo, quite at a loss to account for the reason of his benefactor's horror of his father, told Garth, senior, that he must quit the steamer, and a deck-hand rowed the Pariub to the edge of the flood near to a point where the light of a slush lamp proclaimed the existence of a human habita- tion. At 9 o'clock the Samaritan made his will in a style peculiarly his own. He called into the cabin the cook, and the engineer, and the deck hands, and the gentlemen of leisure who had probably for the first time in their lives become energetic in the search for him, and there verbally transferred the Tilpa and her trade to the mate and the supercargo. Ye've all been called as witnesses that this day the twenty-seventh of September, eighteen seventy-nine, I've given the Tilpa an' two barges at ISohookey, an' the book debts, an' trade, an' all to Jim Drake an' George Garth, so 'help me Gawd." And they all said they witnessed the bequest, and the ceremony was over. Only Drake and the supercargo were to watch the sick man that night, and when the cabin was cleared of the others he lay on his pillow quite exhausted. They had suggested sending to Loath for a doctor, but he said, "A doctor could do him no good he was cast right enough," and so they fed his flickering strength with brandy. Despite his exhaustion, he insisted on giving them full particulars of the trade. In this way " There was a man on Burrabogie what owed twenty-six shillings in seventy-four next' time you're on the 'Bidgee collect it I don't recollect the name, but ye're bound to find 'finale was a little cove with a wart under 'the car and a ginger beard. When ye're up that way, too, leave a bag of' lollies with sooner at Benduck ; 'es got a lot of babies, in' one of 'em master cotton ter me quite reg'lar. An' always give a nip to the punt man at Wilcannia, and he'd drop the rope for yer any time at night." He fell into a half sleep towards midnight, and the watchers turned the lamp light low. The change of light seemed to awaken him, but although he spoke again he did not regard their presence. " Up at Crismus Island there's the sun ningeBt water then you ever see." And again " Yer can drive this year Tilpa over a four- foot six bar, an' she draws four feet seven." And yet again " Damn the Saddler. I'll beat her to Kchookey blindfold." At 2 o'clock in the morning he awoke out- right, and began to talk of his old life-the little Devonshire village, Maria Island, the Informer, the boy Hutchins, little Peter Wells, old Bendigo, and then as he came to his association with the supercargo, he made Garth's years well anew. .' That vermin ain't yer father," said the Samaritan-and then with an intonation of loving cunning in his voice he added, "For I love you, George, my boy." He lay there with his brain and his heart strangely active, both thinking and sorrowing over the blasted life of their possessor. No love of wife or child or friend had been his until quite latterly, and even of the love George Garth held for him he felt doubtful, like a girl with her first sweetheart. He had known only the embraces of the eyes and the caresses of the dagger"s lash, and the memories made him break into words again. " I've had a hard life, I have," he said to himself aloud. "A hard life it's bin ; and' only mean Gawd knows it only mean Gawd," After that he lay very still for nearly two hours, and when he awoke again the flood had retreated to the river, and the Tilpa lay stranded on the plain. Like her captain, she would never move again. In that hour before the dawn, when the wind laden with the death fog springs from the river-in that hour when men die who are sick of fevers-the Samaritan spoke with a material tongue for the last time. "Only mean Guivd knows," he repeated with the alteration of pathos, " Only mean Gawd." And as the first rose spire of the dawn leaped from the land-rim and tinged the stranded steamer and the haggard earth with light, the soul of the Samaritan fell into the Great Sweet Sleep. Then swelled the song of the newborn, triumphant, 