Was it a Ghost they Saw? ?Mrs. H. II. Jennings lives at Xo. nn. Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1S91) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking, liut as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. 11 is shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in ore hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women lied screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings' eame in live minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? 'During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by ;;?//!// seemed like I/it' callin;; of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, nn which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was fooiish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. [ believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will' play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Dairacott Road, Vokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows: — '1 was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet 1 did uo( wish tnem lar away in case 1 should call out tor help. Thi; was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eves, and 1 was sick mo.u of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. Jiy-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. ' I took nothing but liquid food, and could '?? not retain even that on my stomach. ]!y : this time I was nothing but skin and bone'. I My memory completely failed. My head j ached so dreadfully I thought I should !o-;e my senses, ami my friends agreed that I. would never get better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of J5ournemoiuh, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, anil was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and' by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given now vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigei's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 