^tiiiij at ll@-m® MEMORIAL SERVICE. The service at Tamar-street Congrega tional Church Sunday morning was special, in memory of the late Mrs C. Price. There was a Jai'ge congregation. The Rev. J. G. Wright preached, taking for his texb the word* ' Blessed are the pure in heart, for they sball see God' (Matthew v., 8), and ' So shall we ever be with the Lord' (I. Thes. iv., 17). Referring to the context, the preacher i a d holy character was essen tial to stein*.: God. Some thought of religion as of something simply out ward and visibip, consisting in duties to neighbours and attendance upon some place o? woi'=! iy. forgetting that the King dom, of God is no' meats and drinks, bub righteousnrs,. p.-tice, aud joy in the Holy Ghost. Othqto um.de little of the practical, and spok?) as f it was simply a feeling, an emotion, forge tin g that 'the grace of God, which bringeth salvation, teaches us that, denying uv.g ;1 -rss a-.d worldly lusts, we should liva soberlj/, righteously, and godly in the present evil world' Real religion, was both an experience and a practice ; it would beautify; the life aad purify the heart. On that morning they were rt minded or' earth's loss aud Heaven's gain. Ifc was nearly four years ago since he had the pleasure o? making1 the acquaintance of the late Mrs Price, and during the last eighteen mou.hs he had had many oppor tunities of becoming acquainted with he? deep love for '-verything pure aad good,, and her unshaken confidence in her Father-,, God. It was quite unnecessary for him to. refer at any length to her earlier history, for doubtless moat of those present had read the very interesting sketch of the life of one who was so many years the paBtor of the church, the Rev. C. Price, and which was written by their esteemed fellow citizen Mr Fenton. Early in life the deceased lady became, conscious of the love, o£ God, and* through the many years that stood be tween the day of her joining the Church of Christ on earth and the Saturday that she entered the Church above she walked as a child of God. Alexander the Great Baid to a coward in his army who was called after him, 'either give up my name or imitate my ways.' Christ might say to many Christians, 'Either give up ,my name or manifest My spirit, and follow in My Bteps.'' From what he (Mr Wright) had read, heard, and seen, he believed. the name ' Christian ' was not unworthily ?bestowed upon Mrs Price. With her religion was not simply a thing for the emotions or the brain, nor, on the other hand, was it a mere outward thing, around of ceremonies, or a course of unintelligent actions. The whole eouI, the intellect, the will, the affections, the conscience, were un der the influence of piety. She was married to the Rev. C. Price on April 3, 1832,andon the same day started for Tasmania. The godly pair were spared to celebrate their golden wedding. She greatly encouraged and assisted her husband in fulfilling the duties of the various offices he sustained in the church, and her happiness seemed to be inseparably connected with that of her hasband. As a wife, mistress, and mother, she sought to faithfully discharge her duties, and enjoyed a life 'void of offence towards God and man.' He believed Mrs Price attended the first service held by Mr Price in Launceston in September, 1832, nearly 61 years ago. In the following year they went to New South Wales, and re turned to Launceston in 1836. After living ? half a century in this place, the pronounced verdict was that husband and wife were children of God. They gained and re tained a good name, and this not by calmly assenting to the opinions .of others, not by pretending t© believe in what ti?ey really disbelieved in, but by honestly endeavouring to do what they believed to be right, and speaking what they knew to be the truth. To assume that they never erred, would be to assume that they were infallible— that they were not mortal. He had always regarded Mrs Price as one who possessed a holy character. She was pure in. heart, and where they found that there would be purity of action, purity of con versation, purity of thought and.affection. That purity of heart ensured a life con tinued in the presence of God. St.. Paul's idea of. Heaven was being with Christ, and Christ promised to His desciples ' I will come again and receive you unto Myself.' In conclusion Mr Wright said :—' We do not weep for our friend,- who had a good old age. After patiently waiting she has entered into rest. There are those of you ? in the church who, for love of Mrs Price and love for Christ, did your best to brighten her last days. That will cause satisfaction to yourselves, comfort to the bereaved, and pleasure to God. The parting day is to be followed by the meet ing day ; the departed ones are still ours, they are not lost; hence we rejoice as well a3 sorrow. Probably very few of the.young or middle-aged will live so many-years as did our friend, but let us live well ; ' work, .for the night is coming.' It is not year3/ but the account to which we turn them, that malses life long or short. Remember,r He livetb. long who liveth well ! All other life 1b short and vain ; He liveth longest who can tell Of living most for heavenly gain, He llveth long who livefch well ! All else' is being flung away : He llveth longest who can tell Of true things truly done each day. .-. ; ' Waste not thy being ; back-to Him Who freely gavo it, freely give ; . ; ,\ ?? Else la that being but a dream— : .?;';?'..'? !Iis Taut to be, and not to live. .?'?':?' 