SUEZ MAIL EXTRACTS. Information reached the Dandee polic-> on I Hov. 26 that two boys, from twelve to four- teen yearn of age, had disappeared from their homes, taking with them a considerable »um of money. The fears of the parent* w»r* intensified by the discovery that, in addison to the money, the youngsters had secured a revolver, a supply of 100 ball cartridges, a travelling bag, and a travelling rug The boys were captured at Newport, and taken back to Dundee. A written document was found in the pocket of one of them, purport ing to be the programme of a proposed ad- venture which they had conceived. The paper was beaded, " Directions for Ske- daddle," and ran thus :-" Steal the mon«y ; go to the station »nd get to Glasgow ; get boat for America, and on arriving there (¡o to the Black Hills and dig fur gold; build huts and kill buffalo ; live there and make a for- tune." 'be Chief Constable gave it a« bis opinion that this was a boyish freak, result ing from reading trashy literature. In the circumstances he withdrew the charge of theft against thpm, and they were handed over to their parents. Here is a ghost story which (eays the London correspondent of the Manchester Courier) may be commended to the Psychical Society. A gentleman arrived one evening on a visit for the first time to an old country house. As be was going upstairs to change for dinner, he observed an elderly man, dressed in the costume of the eighteenth century, come down one passage, walk along another, and enter an open door. The oc- currence struck him as being peculiar, and at dinner he mentioned it to one of .the daughters of the house. She appeared much interested, and questioned him minutely as to the features and costume of the apparition, litter in the evening be was taken into a coom, led up to a picture, and oBked, " Do you see any resemblance?" The likeness wai exact, and he then learned that the original of the portrait was an admiral who had died in his country's «errioe in 1720 or thereabouts. Still more Btrangely, the gallant aailor had been reported to " walk" about fifty years ago, but had apparently ceased his peripatetic habits until seen by this perfect stranger. Complaints are made, says the Daily News, that the credit taken by Australian firms is excessive, that the custom is not only to get .alters of goods to draw at six months from the 15th of the month following the transac- tion-that is really seven months-but that the growing practice is to seek'renewal of these bills for three months, paying interest of course, but really bringing up the credit \--exacted to about ten mouths. This excessive credit appears to be given only in the soft goods trade, and groceries and iron gooda »re niually settled for in cash by the agents of the Australian buyers on this aide. Anyhow, the drapery trades have obvious canse for complaint. Leading wholesale firms here take the heroic course of discontinuing busi- ness with Australian buyers who attempt to prolong the currency of billa beyond six months ; and even this is excessive, the time taken np in transit being under a third of that time. It ia stated that, in some cases, . printed form, showing the deep root of this bad habit, is sent, asking for renewal, as a matter of course, at the end of lix months. The usance of billa drawn by Australia on London is 60 days' sight, with little excep- tion. A good story comes to the Belgian News from Vienna. , The attention of the Arch- duchess Stéphanie was attracted by a parrot, wboBO speciality was the recital of the Pater Noster in six languages. She eventually purchased the bird for £80, but it never afterwards uttered a word. Inquiries were «et on foot, and it was discovered that the parrot seller was a clever ventriloquist, who spoke the words which apparently issued from the bird's mouth. He is to be prose- cuted for fraud. A doctor of divinity of high personal integrity, and much respected in the denomination to which he belongs, is about to marry a young lady to whom he has "become attached (says the Chronicle) under somewhat romantic circumstances, The reverend gentleman, who is about sixty years of age, has devoted a great portion of his life to the rescue of poor boya and girls, Some twenty years ago or more he picked np a hungry, half-clad, friendless, bnt bright-eyed little girl, and removed her to one of the hornea of which he had oversight. The child was willing and eager to leam all that could be taught her. She developed in the course of years into an amiable and intelli- gent young woman, and in her turn became an instructress in the home to which she had been brought so many yean before. She is «till associated with the work, but' she is engaged to marry the man who picked her, BO to speak, from the gutter. Many of the reverend gentlemen's friends have tried to perauade him against the marriage, but the doctor has the courage of bis convictions, as well as affections, and will give his band, as he has given his heart, to bia old pupil. She is about thirty years of age. Mr. Baymond Blathwayt, referring in his article in Phil May's Winter Annual to John Burne, says he remembers once entering the HetB in defence of the ordinary society dandy -not masher bien entendu, but the dandy by whose aid Wellington ÍB reported to have deolared he-won the battle of Waterloo. " I ?hall never forget once," said Mr. Burns, " I was in charge of a big demonstration in Hyde Park, and I was going round with my old straw hat collecting money for the cause. There was a detachment of Guards there, and I went up coolly enough to the officer in «barge and asked him for a contribution. He put np his eye glass. ' Are you in dead earnest, John ?' said he. ' I am,' I re- plied. 'Will this go to the mothers and children?' 'It will.* He dropped in half a sovereign. There, I'll never forget that man," cried Burna, with enthusiasm. Writing of pestilential churches in the ' city of London, the Eev. J. M. S, Brooke guyg ;-The accounts given by correspondents of the state of the crypt of St. Mary Wool noth are strictly true : " When I last climbed over hundreds of coffins-not many month« ago-to reach the further end of the crypt, the scene strongly reminded me of Martin's pistura of the Eesurrection Day. Coffina to the right, coffins to the left, coffins in front, in all positions, and at all angleB-some even standing upright, and once while endeavour- ing to get a purchase to steady myself, I «eized the long, black beard of a man in the dark who had broken loose from his rotten shell." The work of clearing out this mass at awfB1 corruption began on Not. Iii i In an article on gi» in the Strand Magazine for November, Mr. Edward Salmon repro- duce« the story of the start in life of Murdujb, the dincoferer of gts as an illu- minant. Murdoch, we are told, was one of the world's truly '.'rout men, and from his esrÜPRt days he h'id a knack of facing and .jvercorning difficn'tips. A« a lad he in s-iid to h*ve applied to Mr. Boulton, of the firm of Boulton and Watt, fur a job Poor as he was be C >uld afford to leave nothing undone which might assist hi* chances of carrying hi* point. Ele WHS told that in approaching the great man it was proper to »e*r a " top" hat. But he possessed no such thing That, howe»er, wan » detail. He made » lathe, secured a hi ne It of wood, and turned a «Muden hat out of it Holding this slrangert of headgear in his hand, he reapeetfully solicited work, and the reason he was not shown the door as relentlessly as were moat of the unfortunates who came on a similar errand was tint Mr B ulton cnught siyht of the wooden hat, and asked what it was Young Murdoch's account af how he bad made it not unnaturally straightaway convinced Mr. Bolton that one who possessed such resolution was likely to do great things and repay a hundredfold any help that might be given him. The lad was engaged, and lived to become one of the scientists of hie age. Excessive brain activity ia a creditor which demands payment in full in the long run, al- though he may at first be content with ten or twenty years' billa, and even renew them occasionally. But payment in coin, and pay- ment in full, with interest, be insists upon, and extorts before the transaction is finally closed. The will fights many a battle with the capacity ; but, though the will may give the capacity a thousand falls, it is the capa- city which at tbe winding up gives the true me'Bure of the victory or the defeat. No man csn get more out of himself than Nature has put in. He who was designed in the physiological workshop for a gerund grinder will never be a poet, and he whose capacity is no more than that of a superior lawyer's clerk need not expect ever to govern the State. Nervousness, the besetting affliction of most people who have to face the public does it afflict Miss Terry also ? According to Mr. Harry How's interview with the lead- ing actress, it does :-" You ask me if I know what nervousness means," she said :-" Why I am so high-strung at the Lyceum, on a first night, that if I realised that there was an andienen in front staring at me I should fly off and be down at Winchelsea in two twos ? I shall never forget my first appearance at the Lyceum as Ophelia. Dear old Mrs. Bumball was waitiog for me in my dressing room. I finished my part at the end of the fourth act-I couldn't wait to see the fifth. I rushed upstairs to my room and threw myself into her arms. ' I've failed-I've failed !' I cried in despair. ' No, no !' ' But I have I bave. Come along,' and we hurried away from the theatre, I in my Ophelia dress, with a big cloak thrown around me, and drove up and down the Embankment a dozen times before I dared go home." But the papers told a different story from failure in the morning. Dr. Gordon Hake, in his " Memories of Eight Years," just published, tells the follow- ing story of a medico:-"Among medical men, I think Stone was the best at anecdote. He might have written another ' Gold-headed Cane.' He was fond of his friends, and was hospitable. He enjoyed his profession, his consultations, and be told a story well. As a sample, Dr.-wos called at night to an old lady's bedside, but WSB BO inebriated as to do litttle towards ascertaining the state of the case. He retired to the table to prescribe, but he could not; he was too far gone to commit any remedial measures to paper. He tried over and over again, when, in despair, he described his own condition-?' D d»unk, by G-!' and left. Early on the following day he received a summons to the lady. ' Doctor,' said she, ' how did you know what was the matter with me ? and why were you so imprudent as to commit it to paper ?' ' 