THE FLYING DUTCHMAN'S WIFE. A SKETCH OF THE EARLY DIGGING DAYS. CHAPTER I. When the news got thoroughly well known on Woods Point that "German Harry," store owner and shanty keeper (better known as the "Flying Dutchman," from his habit of scudding along at the rate of a mile an hour), had sent to Melbourne for his wife, "all hands and the cook" determined to roll up and give her a welcome that would astonish the Point, the woman, and even the packhorse that fetched her along. " An' look yere, mates," It was St. Johns, the "Flying Yankee," that spoke. " If Harry don't wade in on this o-kasion with a free ball and supper, why, he's not the white man we took him for, certainly not." But the German had already, as he put it, "taken old farder time mit the forelogs," and nailed to a slab of the Reefers' Rest Hotel a square of blue paper announcing that a free ball and supper would be held in that hostelry on the following Saturday night. It further added that everybody was welcome. It may be as well to explain here that very few men on the diggings in the early days were known by their proper names. Life then was too hurried to permit of much ceremony in such matters. Some obtrusive personal peculiarity, form of speech, nationality, or habit was seized on and fixed to the individual by way of a nickname, and it stuck to him for good. Thus we had "Harry, my friend," from his constant style of salute, "How are you, my friend ?" " Good-day Dick", for a similar reason, "Canadian Jim", "Frenchy", "Joe the Victim" (from having been had by his mates over a division of gold), "Wrong- to- blazes Bob", "Sailor' Bill," "Ned the Splitter", "Gentleman George", "Cockney Tom", "German Jack", "Possum Ike", "What-cheer Dick", "Jack the Reefer", "Jordey", "Cabbage-tree Ned", "Yorkey", etc. The same rule applied to localities. Thus we had "Pegleg Gully", "Dead Horse Flat", "Sailor Bill's Creek," "Tinpot Gully", "Blanket Flat", and other expressive but hideously ugly appellations. The men, too, who constituted the great mass of diggers were drawn from every class in life. On one claim at Frenchman's Creek, the brother of a peer of the realm, a Whitechapel butcher, a Cambridge M.A., and an old hand from "over the water" were working together. They shared the same hut and got on very well. The Cambridge man played the penny-whistle like an angel, but he became too fond of drink, and dropped down very low in the social scale. When last seen he was literally in rags, and was playing his penny-whistle and step dancing for coppers in one of the lowest public houses in Melbourne. The moral of the above, as Captain Edward Cuttle truly said, " lies in the application of it." Now, the arrangements for a free ball and supper on the diggings in the fifties and sixties were the perfection of simplicity. All the furniture (if any) in the biggest room of the hotel was cleared, the floor swept, the slush- lamps lit, and a fiddler stuck on a barrel in an out of the way corner, with orders to play like the devil himself. Drinks were to be had in any quantity for gold at the bar, and at midnight supplies of bread, meat and mustard were set out in the passage. At the back of the hotel was the "dead-house", a rough log hut wherein the dancers as they went down in the encounter with their particular beverage were " planted." As the dead-house filled so the ballroom emptied. When the last reveller had been carted to the " cemetery," the ball was over and the landlord, if able, prospected for his own bed and having found it generally turned in " all standing." That was the programme of a free ball and supper on its best behaviour. A tame sort of function for the Point that was usually alluded to contemptuously as a " shicer." The real enjoyable thing, however, included in the bill of fare was a free fight with pick-handles for weapons, glasses and bottles flying through the air and shivering to pieces against heads or walls. The fiddler with his smashed instrument flying for dear life down C*** creek. The landlord in his own deadhouse "charcoal burning" (i.e. sleeping with his head in the ashes). The slush lamps out and a heap of men piled up on the ballroom floor, waiting for daylight in order to recommence the festivities. Next day, the ball would continue and last until all the " hard stuff " ran out and the bedrock of bitters and sarsaparilla was reached. Then "recovery would be suffered" by the revellers, which meant a wilderness of snakes and spiders, and the ball would finally conclude. The contract to bring Mrs. German Harry up from Melbourne was a big one. She scaled one hundred and ninety-six pounds, which at the rate of two shillings a pound, came to the nice sum of £19 12s. Side-saddle riding on such a track as it was in those days was, of course, out of the question, and so she had to sit crosswise with her wardrobe strapped on in front and back. Viewed as she came down the hill into the Point, she looked for all the world like three feather beds out for horse exercise. Mrs. German Harry's maiden name was Bridget Mulvaney, and she was a native of Ireland. She had left the "ould sod" and come to Australia for the express purpose of marrying a " squatther", as she had been assured by her brother Patrick (who was in the building trade - "Just carried bricks up a ladther all day for a poor divil to lay on the top") that the place was just swarming with them ready to marry any "purty gal dreckly she landed." When she found that for some unknown reason the supply of squatters had run out (or that they had retreated to their mountain fastnesses for purposes of self-protection), she married her present husband, who was at that time following the lowly but healthy calling of "cook's mate" on board one of the many tubs then trading to the colonies. Mrs. Mulvaney had a "little money", and this, added to her husband's savings, and enabled him at the first rush to the Point to start that exceedingly lucrative amalgam known in those times as shanty and pub. Mrs. German Harry had remained in Melbourne with her brother, but now that the amalgam had prospered, her husband thought it would be a trump card to get her up to help look after the business. As there was not a white woman on the Point to date, her arrival, he concluded, would be a big thing in its history and the reward, he felt sure, would be great. The old pack-horse that had the honour of carrying Mrs. German Harry into the Point had saved the ghost of a gallop for the avenue. With one ear pricked forward and one backward he led the packers troop at what he considered a trot along the siding to the Reefers' Rest, where a couple of hundred diggers had assembled as a kind of reception committee. The cheers that greeted the lady echoed and re-echoed up the right and left hand branches of the Goulburn, finally dying away in the Matlock spurs. A gin case was brought and planted by the side of the old horse, and a dozen strong sinewy arms assisted Mrs. German Harry from the steed that she had bestridden for over a fortnight. The greetings were rough, but they were hearty. " Glory be to the hivens, ma'm, but its a purty uneasy ride yez had." " Will you take a drop of anything, missus ?" " It's the bould woman, ye are, to face them ranges, inyway." " My oath, you're a stunner, and no mistake." " Shake flippers, ma'm ; 'ere's more power to your elbow." " Whroo ! by the sowl ov me, she's a gim." " It's the prood woman ye are t'day, mistress,"- and more to the same purpose. Mrs. German Harry was quite overwhelmed with her reception, and thanked the "bhoys for their purty compliments and decent behaviour." These sentiments were cheered with "tigers" added, and were again repeated when she took "the last taste in life in a toombler " of that seductive fluid known as JDKZ, handed to her by "Good Day Dick," and, with "my best respects to yez all,'' swallowed it without so much as winking the other eye. " By Gob," exclaimed Big Josh, after Mrs. Harry had retired to fix herself up a bit," by Gob," - and he brought his fist down on the store counter with such force as to make the bar of soap used as a cribbage board jump a foot high. " If she aint a real fizzer. Drinks round again, boss, my shout. The best in the house. Give it a name, boys, and give us the scales, old man," and pulling out his chamois leather bag, he weighed out an ounce and a half of gold in payment for the "round." All day long the diggers continued to roll in from their claims to the Point for the purpose of seeing the "petticoat" and of hearing a woman's voice again. From the Frenchman's Creek came " Long Adam," " Little Jimmy," and "Cockney Tom." They brought with them 90oz. of gold, the result of their last "washing up." After laying in stores the rest was ear-marked for a spree at the ball. " Joe the Victim," " Wrong to Blazes Bob," "Yackandandah Jim," and some two dozen others represented the left-hand branch of the Goulburn. A score of men came down from Matlock (it was called Emerald Hill at that time) who hadn't been on to the Point for months. Great yellow bearded giants most of them, with burnt arms, blue eyes, and bronzed faces. As they trampled over the frozen snow along the mountain's side, shouting the rattling chorus of some rousing song, they could be heard for a mile away. There were sluicers from "Gaffney's," "the B.B.," "Raspberry," "Lyre Bird," "Swampy," and even "The Jordan" and "Jericho" sent a few representatives. They brought with them their empty "tucker bags," and picks that needed pointing, and each man had his "shammy" pretty well stocked with good gold that honest plugging had won from the yellow soil in creek, point and gully. The short winter day had closed down, and the Point was alive with lights that made big stars on the clear frosty air and threw long white shafts across the jewelled snow. The packhorse bells on the ranges kept up a monotonous clanging as the animals hunted for stray blades of grass or shook the falling flakes from their backs. The short, sharp bark of the wild dog, driven to within coo- ee of the township by stress of weather, could be heard distinctly by those who knew his yelp. Roaring fires built with huge logs that took two men to roll to their places in the immense chimneys, burnt in most huts, and made every crack in the shingled roof and slab sides a line of ruddy light. The sound of the regular beat of the step dancer on the hardwood floor could be plainly heard. In a big bark shanty just across the left hand branch, singing was going on and the air was so clear and crisp that the words could be heard with great distinctness. It was a song very much in favour with the miners at that period. Two of its verses ran thus : "When the moon has climbed the mountains and the stars are shining bright, My horse I will saddle and away, For we'll duff the squatter's cattle in the middle of the night, And the calves we will brand ere the day. “Oh ! it's then, my little calf, at the squatter we will laugh, For he'll never be your owner any more, For you're running, running, running, on the duffer's piece of ground, Free selected on the Eumeralla shore." The time written of was the last great boom of shallow-sinking in Victoria, and Young Wood's Point seemed to have a future before it as bright as the great round moon that had just cleared the dark olive mass of trees on Timbertop. The supply of the metal bade fair to be inexhaustible. Once the earth was stripped till the white and yellow clay was reached, you could pick it up in lumps from its bed. It danced on the ripple of every sluice-box and long Tom, and sparkled in every cradle and tin-dish. You only had to win it, to spend it and work for more. No thought for the morrow in those times. " Who talks about it running out ? Who said it won't last forever ? That some day the hand will be stretched to seize it in vain and barren reefs and barren gutters will meet the miner at every turn, until impoverished and disheartened, he shoulders his blankets and turns his back on the empty treasure-chest." Who said this ? Some fool who mutters that he's seen it all before. An infernal croaker, who wants dipping in the creek for having the cheek to talk his silly cackle to grown-up men with a boundless heritage in the great ranges round about them. “Our faults no tenderness should ask, The chastening stripes must cleanse them all ; But for our blunders-oh ! in shame Before the eyes of heaven we fall. “Earth bears no balsam for mistakes ; Men crown the knave and scourge the tools That did his will, but Thou, O Lord, Be merciful to us poor fools." CHAPTER II. The ball-room of the Reefer's Rest, when ready for the festivity, was not wanting in local colouring. The flooring boards which had been laid green, and consequently had curled like rams' horns, had been adzed and swept. Down one long wall were six slush lamps hung on big nails with wire, and on the other an equal number of candles set in holders made of balls of clay pressed into the cracks of the slabs. Most of the diggers were in the regulation red shirt, open at the throat, moleskin pants, scarlet sash, high "nugget boots" and a slouch hat worn well off the head. Nearly every man smoked and carried his pipe either in his mouth or hat-band. Beards were plentiful (for none shaved then), from the long wavy golden to the full red or flowing black. On a couple of gin-cases in the window corner, "Fiddler Hell Fire Jack " (so christened on account of him being the meekest and humblest little creature on the Point) was placed, with a warning to " Play up or __," and he knew what that meant without being told. The privilege of the first dance with Mrs. German Harry had been thrown for at Yankee grab, and " Good Day Dick " had won it after a tie with " Mick the Mailman." At 7 sharp the music started, and the orders of master of the ceremonies Sailor Bill, to git your pardners and wait for the orfice to start, " were being obeyed when Mrs. German Harry entered the room with her diminutive husband, and her appearance created the sensation she intended. She was in a silk dress in the shade of green Noah’s ark trees are generally painted, and this spread out over a huge crinoline, gave her the appearance of an emerald balloon just ready to go up. Numberless corkscrew ringlets quivered at either side of her ample face, that showed signs of a plentiful application of yellow soap and rough towel. At her neck was a brooch about the size of a small cheese plate, in which was a portrait of a fierce-looking relative in a white hat and black band, said to be descended from the Kings of Ireland, but who looked suspiciously like a gentleman not unconnected with the prize-ring. Brown gloves, a little too large, and a fan finished the upper portion of her toilette. A most elegant pair of patent leather shoes were on her feet and her husband said, nay, openly boasted that she wore open-work stockings, whatever they may be. As "Tim the Nugget" (a towney of hers) truly remarked - " She was a gem of the say, "She was a jim of the day, and it was the lucky man that had the honour of futing it furst wid her." The one drawback to the complete success of the first dance was the fact that Mrs. German Harry could only jig, while her partner, who was well up in all other dances, knew nothing whatever of the art of jigging. However, the thing was finally settled by the lady stepping a jig, while her partner waltzed round her, the band meanwhile attempting to play jig music slow enough to waltz to. It was not a conspicuous success as an artistic effort, but as a variety show it was eminently satisfactory. Altogether some fifty couples stood up, the diggers with their hands on each other's shoulders dancing together slowly and solemnly, as if their lives depended on them looking serious, and displaying the regular revolutions of a bottle jack. Throughout the night nothing of any moment happened to take away the character of the festivity. The "stuff from the mountains" (believed from its killing power to be brewed from bluestone, blasting-powder and kerosene ) had done its work effectually, and the deadhouse was fairly full. But at dawn, an incident occurred which led to the first duel ever fought at the Point. It happened thus. During a pause in the proceedings to allow the band to refresh itself (which it did with a bottle of stout and a tin of sardines), the merits of the German's wife, who had retired at 1 o'clock, were being discussed in the presence of her husband when " Kangaroo Murphy” who by the same token was a great boy at "lepping," got up and said ; " It was the wonder of hivven that the loikes av that foine woman beyant had condiscinded to pick up sich a whippersnapper of a rooster as himself for a husband." The next minute Yarra Bend was let loose. Those who sided with the insulted man and those who were "agin him", were at each others throats and for a quarter of an hour the thumping was grand. "By shimmeny boys," screamed the German during a lull in hostilities, " I vill fight Kangaroo Murphy for all he is vorth mit pistols.” “ Ye shall, sorr, by me sowl ye shall,” retorted Murphy, sitting upon the floor, where he had been knocked by an opponent, "and I'll let more daylight into ye're shmall carcass than is coming in at the windey beyant. Did ye hear me that time ye jarman poloney?" The preliminaries were soon fixed up and the weapons, a couple of large old fashioned flint and steel horse pistols, handed over to a committee of four to load and prime. The distance (five paces) settled and one shot each decided on. When the party stepped out into the open, day had fairly broken. The huge red sun had just cleared the range tops, and his ruddy face turned the white sheets of snow into warm red blankets. The five paces were soon measured and the principals, each with his pistol pointing to the ground, stood sideways to each other, the object of the position being to present as little of the body as possible for his opponent to aim at. The second for the German was one Carl Ollenbaubenbachensteinershropenbicher, the only man on the Point whose surname was known. This name wasn't often used, however, only when there was plenty of time, when it could be remembered within ten minutes or so. Canadian Joe stood by to pick up Kangaroo Murphy, if need be. " When I say one ye'll rise rise y'arms, at two y'll pint y'weppins and when I say fire y'll let fly," explained Sailor Bill who had been appointed umpire and and starter. " Are y' ready ?" " Yes," came from both combatants. But just at that moment the form of a woman in a nightgown, with a red pocket handkerchief tied over her head appeared in the doorway of the Reefers Rest. Mrs German Harry with true feminine instinct had nosed out the trouble and was on the spot. "Fire," shouted the umpire, seeing that the fun was likely to be spoiled. "Fire, damn you !" With a wild scream that woke the Point up, the lady bounded over the snow and threw herself on her husband. " Mein leebhur mann" (she had picked up a few words of German which she used when excited and pronounced them with a strong Cork accent). " Der Toyfel, and its sthiffened ye'll be, ye gossoon," she shouted. " And the widdy I'll be. Whrooroo ! Police ! Murther ! Help !" But her husband took no heed of her. He was busy looking at his pistol which he had not raised from his side. Out of the muzzle was issuing a thick red fluid which was slowly trickling down his clean white moleskin pants. " Got for tam," he shouted. " You make a fool of me, take that you laughing yackasses," and so saying he flung his pistol amongst the grinning crowd of diggers. " Fire !" shouted the umpire again. Bang went the pistol of the German's opponent and instantly a shower of red spots covered the lady’s white garment from head to foot, as thickly as if it was a first prize exhibit of an attack of measles. Harry was right. He had been made a fool of. His seconds, in order to avoid bloodshed, had loaded the pistols with a thimbleful of gunpowder, and for bullets had filled them up to within an inch of the muzzles with raspberry jam, with a wad to keep it in. The cold morning and pardonable nervousness had made Harry's arm shake, and this loosened the plug to let the jam and the secret out. And so ended the free ball and supper and the first duel on the Point. There is not much more to chronicle of the career of the German and his wife. They lived long and "brosbered mit their vamilies." But for many a day after that eventful night, it was dangerous to even mention "Raspberry jam " within the four walls of the Reefer's Rest. 