St. l;arga;rets Churcb. \-----4- Rl\L. T. Tatl -e SitlIT.. icmitiletollt. The Lord Ili-opl of Ballarat, the Right Rev. Dri. Thornton,. paid hiii annual viit to Mildira lon Sllllda" la:i. Aftera an artdn joorrto- from .?,dlaide, where lie hal con itined for the aibeetit iitop KentilollIn, lr. Thllorlntonl reached .Millura by the coach in Sull y mllOrnnlli at I I,'clock. le Ca:l the gleet of M)[. S. F. Sta:gllltonll, It • St. Ant'ee. Mlit- egan ait I I a i. The RIiev.Taplev Slhrt .ng the service, and the li-holp read tlhe leeson,. preachedl tile -erlon, :toi aIi-~ted by the nulmtbent, ttlebrtited the holy Co nnlllll . There wa, a llrge ttllllll er of com n ia llllllllll t rI tl.lll aI l:ll part f lhe ettlelllent. The erlllo n ll a< f ni llllll .It the Tr.nr- tig.uration of Chri-t. In tile fteriooni the rite of colltrini:tioin ar adminiteretd. There we're eight cotn inle--~lo llmen anid vix wolltloe. The ehurn ,chwtstilled aith peoi le. every avail. lile leat bellng occupied.i l Thie Inecllo tbelil il tile sh!ortelll selricee for Eenlle-ollg, anid intrlioduced the candidate to the Riehop. The service was olenlllll an impresi\ve Tle sermnlll, wlich hIung ol l Ros. xv., I:l -.owo tile (Godl of lIlpe till Youl with al:11 i nId peace, ill believinlg tht ye Lmay aiolll in hope, in the power of the ltoly Ghost " hewed a -turdy grasp of tile Gospel of .Te~i Chlrit, alndl \v;a full of brighltn\e anti hlleall (t ofthoIught iand lresxion. The evening brolght ia ver' larg:e antd overtir.wing congregation. The church, hlllcll lred been skilftlly decorated for the occasion,ll looked its hect. The P.almodily li:la- ldmiraliily rendered. The nellll rn ila ol Matit. xxii., ':i, the sliject being the Slll ullcean -ept iciill a- to the Resuirrectionl a t t tle answer of .liesl from tile pi:lsagoe tile inclielt scriptures rel:lting to 'tile Binth ' HIls Lordhilp ga?ve a learnied and per etlpicuous expositioll. -heritng that the trn cure for dOlilht \1as to get face to face will the living God. On Mlotnltay eVeniug, the Itishtp delitere, I cture on' September ilelnories," replcu witll knowledge. wielor, wit, and hlnoeln land eXptesse. in the most attractii ' II:nerl. The lllllcumibent presided, ad 1; reneuted iby the Biihop, to tfinieh the lectlr ti a quotation fronm thie late Poet Laureaitet tI lie requect was prtrotnptlt re?pondetl to, tie rev. gentlem;m quotintg "Ampnthion" a mne lelllgth. It nllappear that Aphlllhio, planted his block oIf land by st:llladil ;I tile gate with his tlidle, and by hi, thillin he drew tihe timber in It occtipy the lan That was in the tday, "wthen leg of ire were limbter." In these Miilduri dayis i have to nork, ant tlih water :and tie sit work with ui. So sings the poet: I tttu't w rk tlhro ,,, thal ,f toil, I ill tltlt .\ l it" h it; I'oll Oll'nih i t tnl t ll, I It:ll The Bithop left for Swutu Hill iby th coach on Tuieday morning, itlth Septenlte . 