lAY BY DAY; 7 DOINGS IN AUSTRALIA AND . . THEREABOUT. , (CHltOSICLED, : BY . RaKDOLPH .BEDVOBD, ' A; WEEKLY. RESUME, OF HAPPEN. 'JlNGS . WITHIN, "THE , ."FEDERATION"' ' frjSwutMiiiZ "< : Melbourne stK December. . t'r.rix. the , year, tof disgrace, '93, ; a coroners jury, by, direction- of jthe; coroner, has .found that, one James/Costeilowhp, was refused admission ' to,' the "."Melbourne 'Hospital,- and \\\'ho ;ilie'd some .feiv hours :later,'would have died anyway, And that nobody was to blame: . I".' _i. Il_ 1 — -" V oAM.M1I> Klf tlin ' vubiLiiUi '« quarry iiitiu, was sit u«i> j 1 handle of-a' winch, causing - partial paralysis , arid f a i few;- superficial : wounds". - A i fellow- -worknikn took himtto the 'hospital, where Dr. Player, treated, him; as. "suffering only from a cut, in the: head, Player-, was asked . to v., admit .".Costello to , the. . hospital ! and refused, isaying, There, is, j nothing the matter,, .with' him,; .he'.s,. shamming.", So D.empsey; . took his matej to . the Alfred Hospital 'where he' was admitted .. aad intelligently treated. However, he 'died next- -morning: W'l'h'e 'natural.' tdirect con ; elusion, from -all this is: that: if -Player: doesn't know- -.enough \ .to:;,. 'differentiate, between ,slianiining::.,and /paralysis,;: he .has just -sullicicnt, medical knowledge; to,.bea_success as .journeyman, butcher,; and namore. Dr. Yuul, oiv . tlie other, hand, says, that the "depressed financial- state of Melbourne, and ; the insullicierit accommodation: caused -the ' refusal of admission to Costello,' but the man cbuldi/t livc ahyway/ and the doctor was not to 'blame." : 'Whether the man was cast for , iS7_: L r-- acatn - or not matters nuie, it is suincieiii. im us to know, that he rvas refused adequate treatment.- Cause— f the depressed fiiiahciul state.'! -Cause of that again—" the/ bank i.boodlers .who: weep about 7. the injustice of their, prosecution by .-.the law." ,'- It .would appear -that , the dethroned Gods of- Victoria are the cause of. everything. Meanwhila jaiiuis .Costello is exceedingly dead — said death has been' rendered more unbearable by the refusal of a' see-naught doctor. This is a great country to have your b'ack'broken in— really it is.' >-'' Premier - Patterson goes to the Alps; that good; old explorer, Lands-Secretary Howitt, piloting . him to Omeo - by a' new track. Lands-Minister M'lntyre. Has landed at: the Bluff (M.L.), and is to be shown"all over the village , settlements . and the. meat-freezing works by officers of, the Maoriland Govern ment, . who will point out the Moa and the Dodo, and the Woman's -Suffrage League; and other things while they are restirisr themselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory M'Coll, are riot going anywhere up to date. This alleged " back :bone " .ministry- is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong,- but so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier: of-a steam roller — that is not very often". As for the rest of the team, my possession, of about a gallon of ; the milk of human kindness, prevents the mentioning therii further.' ' One otherwise law-abiding ' man will ever be execrated by an obscure few for having con cern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified book-fiend, whose lead might have been a head very long ago, ait which now has the appearance of having .icuii dumped in a wool press.. : To the uninitiated a reportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing/when .it is reaiiv a miserable existence, that is to die man who has any opinion of- his own, and is something more than a king parrot. The standard of daily journalism is soak that in any big population go -per cent. 01 the available literary ability is attracted to the weeklies and magazines. The daily paper is the literature . of .the mass,: and, therefore, neither the : good nor the -bad are . wanted, but only the mediocre — the people their theatrical critique with " It took well and gave pleasure to all." The men who are too good to remain reporters all their lives, are as much outside, the daily as the men who have sufficient journalistic ability to be clerks and not enough to" write paragraphs about railway returns or to record the dodderings of the fat men of . the legislature. Why don't these, inca'pables do something else, say you ? Because in out living the : glamour-time when they, thought reportorial'work was all honor and, glory, they have out-lived all fitness for anything but halting paragraphs and death. The shamelessly- sweating evening papers pay these incapables anything from ten shillings to a pound a week for doirig all the news of a suburban district. Young in capables, middle-aged, careless mediocrities, old men who were once fairly successful and have dropped out of- the running, fill these positions. One of these suburban corres pondents died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation was only a result — that the cause was starvation. While this man died of simply want of tucker, a dull and respectable section o i reporters award' themselves medals— (why not tripe by the way) — and the rag which employed the dead -scribbler talks holily. of the duty we owe our fellows, and is published in .an atmosphere half meanness and half cant. The journalist is always poor, and, therefore; has a direct interest in breaking down the monopolies of land . and opportunity which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily press; one half corrup tion and the other half blockhead, and yet the journalist goes on from decade to' decade, supporting- his natural: enemy.- These things make tne very, very tired. I always write verse when I am weary. See some here. You must understand that a. sub editor's duty is not so much to put things into the paper as to keep things out, i.e., things that reflect on' the man with the Paris hat. Now then; ghost of the starved corres pondent, and mediocrities who will go the same-way in the logical course of events/ air you listening? . .: . v .. . This is the news hack's end— this is his bitter meed— He who lias earned his bread by daily destroying thetriilh, He who hath sold himself to the Rag in his, daily need— . , - . ' Ruthless tlie truth lie slew— now docs he know no ' : rutli— Renegades, ail from llie nicn of the people, whoso men ar,- ye — Spies for the enemy, slain at last by tlie enemy. , Ye have grown old in lies. ' Recs of the daily rag! Closing your eyes to tlie truth ; writing as you've . been hired;,. . . , j " Drowning a new world's "cry with whoops for a king- cursed ilag; : - - -- . Helping to stamp on them by whom ye wero lmrne and sh ed ; : . : And at last, when your eyes are dim with theRag- work's premature age, ' : ; rite cashier rules your account in red and turns to tlie iiew slave's page. ; - . Men of the many are ye— Claquers are ye for tlio Few, .. ( ' , But for ye People's men; earning by lying your' , ; : meat, :. r>. . By upholding. the old which is dead,: by stifling the Good wjiich.is New— The mass would reaclt sooner the spoil, brit ye make the way slip from their feet; - For ye of the army of wrong are worse than -the soldiers', of swords, " - Tliey deal for the few paltry wounds— ye fight' with indelible words. : '"' Blind arc ye! Blind are ye all! that ye sea not the People's strength," . ' : 1 ' u " Blind are ye! Blind are ye all all !' that ye see not. tlierfoes decay; ." ' ' . ; ; Desert ye your .taskmaster's ranks 'ere the war-shock _ come at length, . . .. i . 'And ye tarry so long in the dark that your'eyes grow blind to the day. Lie then 110 more for. your focsf Truth is your . : - brother's meed ! -> ' : Follow. not following Rags! Lead on' the 'Prints ' '' ' that lead! . - , . 