FÎCTIOM. from lu« g1 lita, Atnarlcnn, muá O lb cr Ptrlodlcal«. LOUISE'S__ TRICK. [A COMPLETE TALE.] CHAPTER I. A FATAL .TOrjENET. "If I were to die, Edred, would you marry again ?" Captain Blount looked up from the paper, sur- prised at such an unusual question. " Well, no, mjj dear ; though second matrimony is the best compliment one can pay the first partner of one's joys." " Nonsense. Second marriages are horrible," she said, with more vigour than the occasion demanded. " If, when I die, you have another wife, I'll como and haunt you both." "There is not much prospect of your playing ghost," he laughed, with a glance at the lady's florid, healthy face ; " BO it's not worth while to discuss the subject. I am deep in a splendid article on military tactics." After this there was silence in the sunny break- fast room. The captain was engrossed with the newspaper, and his wife sat thoughtfully stirring her coffee. A cloud was on her brow; ever and anon she Bhot an angry look at her husband. At last she burst out "For goodness' sake leave off reading and say something." "What is there to say," he asked, reasonably enough. " You found plpnty," she retorted bitterly, " when first we were married. You found my con- versation more interesting than stupid politics or tactics then." " My dear Lavinia, how absurd you are. We are past the ßtage of sickly sentiment. We have been married ten years j I am nearly forty, and yoa, for- give the frankness of a husband, are no chicken." " You are very rude," she said, with a hot, angry tear rising to her eye. " And you evidently require a change of air. Your nerves are out of order. Why not go North on a visit to your Aunt Claire ?" " I think I will," she said, seizing with her usual impulsiveness on the new idea. " I'll go this very day and take Aunt Claire by surprise. To tell the truth, I am rather sick of our jog-trot existence. You are always at the club, and the only friends we have are chess playing, whist playing fogies of yours. The women-well, I never get on with ?women, nor they with me " The Captain sighed. It had always been a sore point with, him-this feminine ostracism to which his wife had been treated. It reminded him more than ever of the ill-breeding and bad temper of the woman he bad chosen. It was, ho argued, a bad sign when her own sex gave her a wide berth. However he talked easily enough about tho proposed journey, looked up the trains, and gave Lavinia full directions as to travelling, &o.; Then he bid her good-bye and went off to the ? city where he had some busines to transact. Mrs. Blount made immediate preparations 'for leaving home. There was much to be done domestic matters to arrange, luggage aiid so forth. But long before noon she was ready to go. "No chicken, indeed," she muttered angrily, as she surveyed herself in tha swing gla^s. It reflectec. the tall buxom figure of a woman on the shady side of thirty. Her face was fioiid, her eyes were blue, her hair wasof thatnondescript dusty brown known as mouse colour, but it was fine and thick. Ten years before she must have been a pretty, insipid blond, but now she wau coawening in the way plump blondos will. . She was richly hut rather loudly dressed in a satin gown, a much be-jettod mantle, and a bonnet ?which, to the casual observer, consisted of a crimson bow and a couple of tinsel butterflies. #*# »f * #. * "Terrible accident on the Midland Railway; thirty people killed; collision with goods train; extra special ; full particulars." So chanted the nowsboy. Captain Blount was hurrying along Cheapside. He had promised to dine and go to the play with an old comrade, and was looking forward like a schoolboy to the mild diversion, for Lavinia when at home rigidly exacted his attendance at dinner. He might lvnch out, he might be out all day if he chose, but the evening must be spent in the bosom of his family at Saracen Crescent. The discordant jell of the newsboy put an end to all such thoughts. It was with a horrible qualm that he glanced at the black-lettered placard and then paid his penny for tha evening paper. He tore it open and greedily drank in tho details of the accident. Good Heavens ! it was tho 1120, the train by which Lavinia must have travelled. He jumpeä into a hnnsom and drove home. His wife had left in time to catch the 11.20, the house- maid told him. She had heard her mistress tell .the cabman so. A refeieuce to Bradshaw showed him that the fatal train was the only one which stopped at the little station near which Lavinia's aunt lived. Another reference -to the Bradshaw showed him that there was a train leaving for the scene of the accident at 5.10 a m. He took out his watch-tren minutes past nine. Then for the first time he remembered his appointment, and sent off o, message to his friend, explaining his absence. He wired also to Lavinia's aunt and received an answer saying that his wife had not arrived, On receipt of this he felt that there was no doubt of 1er death or injury-ordinarily she would have reached her journey's end long before. Then he -went up stairs and made a pretence of resting till it was time to start for the station. He returned from his bedroom with a shudder. It was littered ?with traces of Lavinia's toilet ; he had not loved ber dearly, still Bhe had been ,his wife for ten Jong y years, and he could not now look on those dainty feminine trifles without a pang. He was off at last, whirling through a sleeping country on a chilly autumn morning. To his dying «day, Captain Blount remembered that journey. The palé dawn creeping over the horizon, the first faint sounds of awakening life, the smoke rising from early cottage fires ; the glimpses of labourers trudging along the road to their day's toil. And, through all the horrible sus- pense he thovgbfc of Lavinia, of the_ days when her plump fair prettinesB had bewitched bim, of those later days when her scolding, peevish temper had estranged him. Then he took from his pocket the newspaper and read again the ghastly details of the accident. The collision, the fearful smash, the flames in which the wreckage ?was wrapped, the disfigured dead and wounded. It came to an end at Jast, that horrible journey, i and he stepped out on the platform of the little «ountry station. The birds were singing, the dew was glittering, the air WBB fragrant-it seemed bardly possible that in the midst of such fresh beauty a tragedy lay hidden. In a little while be had stepped from the sun sbin'e across the threshold of a room in which the blinds were drawn ; round which lay the bodieB of the dead. One hy one his conductor turned down the covering from a rigid form, and each time the husband's heart gave a bound of relief-the dead . ¿ace wag not Lavinia's. At last be bad seen all-all but one shrouded heap which was drawn a little aside from the rest. He was told that it consisted of mutilated remains, charred beyond recognition. He looked. But the , flames had left no sign of humanity-in those ' twisted, blackened features. He would never know whether Lavinia bad met her death, but be told himself it was almost a cer- tainty. And when the days lengthened into weeks, the weeks to months, he felt absolutely sure that he was widowed. . Now she was dead, he forgot ber later faults and thought of her only with tender- ness. Poor Lavinia. 