HASTILY WEDDED OR THE PREY OF AN ADVENTURER. CHAPTER XXV. BY CLARICE LEE IZBELLE. With an cath Captain Rhodes sprang for ward and grasped Sidney's wrists in his sinewy hands. “How came you here?" he hissed, between his teeth. " How did you get out of that room? Answer me—who bee played roe false.” “No one, Captain Rhodes,” eho replied, haughtily. “Rolsase my hand*, if yon here one aperk of manhood left within you." He dropped her hands, but remained •landing before her, hie glittering eyes devouring her pale loveliness, that abowed in the twilit corridor like marble. “ How did you get out of that room?" ho demanded onoo more. “ Who has dared slip one of those bolts? By the heavens above us, be shall roe ret it? 4No man can disobey my orders and remain unpunished. Who was it?" She remembered that it was Avion and quickly resolved to die before she made the suffering woman a victim of her brother’s You CopUtn Rhodw," *bo uifrM.d pron^tly. His surprise was overwhelming for a moment, and then bo laughed aloud. “No, my pretty Qlady*s, you do me too much honor. 1 was particularly careful that the door 1 went through was bolted seourely. Tell something that has the appearance of truth at least. * “1 do not understand you," she said icily. M 1 tell you I left that room through the same door as you did." *•1 do not doubt that in the least," coolly. “ What lam trying to discover is, who un bolted that door (or you. Was it Avioe?” with sudden suspicion. “Avioc? Really. Captain Rhodes, your imagination is wonderful. You left that door unbolted yourself.” “ 1 tell you—but perhaps I was mistaken. I certainly thought I bolted that door securely.” Sidney laughed aloud. . For the time being she wae her old smioy self once more, and the situation awoke the daring spirit that bad slumbered for so long. “You are not quite perfect, as you will discover one of those days,” she said, with a scornful carl of her red Up. “Now allow me to wish you good afternoon, Captain Rhodes." She bowed low, with mock ceremony, and with another scornful laugh swept past him. “ Hold I Where are you going?” he de manded, catching her arm. “Take your hand from my arm." Her head was thrown back imperiously, and her eyes glowed with a light that sub dued him. “1 beg your pardon,” he said, sullenly; but his band fell to bis side. “ 1 wanted to tell you that it would be useless to try to escape. “ Indeed 1 You could have saved yoorself | that trouble. I have already besrd yon make that remark during the present half-hour.’ “ You beard my conversation with Peyton.” ho exclaimed, aghast. “ How much of it did 1 you hear, girl?"^ “ More than 1 cared to; but 1 waa afraid to pass your door. It was partly opsn, you know; and for reasons of my own 1 did not care to meet you just then. So 1 stood there and listened, if you please.” “ You listened! Well, yon are cool enough •boat telling it If you wore not going to mako an attempt to eeoape, where wore you going?” “To my room, of course. Did you think I was going to wander through these chill corridors like a ghost during the night? That shows bow much you know about ms,Captain Rhodes.” “ You are wise to accept the most sensible way out of that difficulty, she replied, with a smile.” “ I can only hope you will be as sensible in regard to another subject we discussed this afternoon*” “That altogether depends upon what is considered sensible. 1 rather think we would disagree upon its definition in this case. ” “ Yes. Well, wo won’t discuss that I hope you will one day learn to like Uns old | house. It has many quaint and curious corners scattered over it, and with a litUe trouble may bo transformed into a lovely place. 1 think you will be pleased wifn it when you have been over it” “Is a prisoner ever pleased with his prison?" u But it will not be your prison then ; it will bo your home. Do not torn from mo. Gladys. Why do you dislike me?” “I will answer you with another question. Docs a prisoner ever like bis jailer?” “Do not look upon me as your jailer. 1 come to you as your lover. Look upon me as your humble, willing slave, who would do anything for you except leave tout side for ever—who will mako your wishes bis law. I swear it Gladys. You shall never have a want ungratifiod, a wish that is not re garded, or a tb*t is not Indulged. I San lay gold and jewels at your feet and * n far off lands you shall reign a queen of beauty and society. All I ask is a smile from your sweet lips and the promises that you will try to love mo, be it ever so little. Can you not promise that, Gladys. It is so Utile in comparison to what 1 oan and will do for you, my beautiful darling.” “Captain Rhodes,” said Sydney, and her voice out through bis pride like a two-edgod knife, so filled was it with contempt and scorn, “you are exceedingly kind to offer me the gold stolen from a duped government, and jewels bought with dishonest money. I can truly appreciate the offer when I know the man who makes it is a villain and a thief.” His face grew lorid with rage, and the veins stood out upon his forehead like whip cords. A fierce imprecation forced itaelt between his clenched teeth and drawn lips. “Who has told yea that?” ha cried hoarse'y. “ Who told you?" “ You did yoorself, Captain Rhodes, aha replied, her eyes meeting bia flashing ones unflinchingly. w “ I said nothing abefct that in my conversa tion with Peyton,” be raved. “Someone has broken my rules—some one baa dis obeyed me. I told them not to let you know. It must bo one of two—Peyton and 1 Anoe have been within the house for a week. It mast be one of them. They shall suffer for this. I will teach them to disobey me. I will punish the guilty person in a war that he will not forget. Remember what—’’ “Yon are entirely mistaken,” Interrupted Sidney, with a face scarcely whiter than his. “ You are misunderstanding me. Yon—" “ What do you mean then?” be questioned, harshly. “ You knew what one of thorn must have told you. Which was it?” “ What does it matter which told me? 1 * she asked, with trembling lips. “It makes no difference to mo—none in the world." “ But it does to me, It means that some ouo has disobeyed me, and that is something no man or woman oan do but once. And 1 will know which before daylight, and then we shall see.” The wild ferocity of his nature pictured itself upon bis face in a look to make the blood run cold. “What will yon do to-to them,” she faltered. The laugh that broke from bis lips would have caused a savage to reooil in horror. “It makes no difference to you. Think no more of it Go to your room and moditate upon your marriage Vith a villain and a thief. ” Again be laughed harshly, wildly. Sidney’s heart seemed to stop bcatiug, Bbo knew that be would wreak some terrible vengeance upon the unfortunate one. What it would be she could not think. That it would be merciless she new. It was her fault, all her fault, she told herself, bitterly. She mutt save A vice from bis auger—at any price she must save her. “I—l did not think.” she whispered, panl ioglv. “1 did not realijr mean it—ob, no, not really. 1 waa angry—yon tormented me “ You do not moan it? What do you mean, (hen? Speak! Do not stand there as if I were an ogre.” “ Forgive them this time, will you not,” /she pleaded, agonislnlgy. “Say yon will not punish them. 1 will promise anything, do anything, if yon will not barm them. For my sake. Captain Rhodes,” A wild hope flashed ioto his eyes, nod be caught her olaaped hands esgerly within bis. “Will you promise to marry mo willingly, sweet Gladys?” be asked, bis voice husky with emotion. “ Will you eare for me ever so little, and try to oare more? . Will you promise me that?” “I will promise anything, I will evan kneel at your feet. Only promise mo (hat they shall never know that 1 betrayed (hem to yon.” “I will swear it'if you wish, swaat Gladys. I care tor nothing, but you and your love. Now distress yourself no more about U, Go to tout room and rest until the roses bloom In those pole cheeks for to-morrow—go?” Before aha divined his purpose, he stood and pressed a horning kias.npon her brow. A rtokening sense of shame rushed over her that aha should allow this man to kiss bar. Bha throat aside hia hands in an agony of iodifntet repulsion, and flaw along the dim* iudl with dilated ayes and trembling, panting ®CM», heaven, forgive mal” she oriad, sink ing upon bee knees before the window, and raising her streaming itm U> the evening sky. M 1 have promised what 1 can never fuial. Oh, why can 1 not And peace?" aba laoagad. M 1 only long for peace, for quiet. What ■ball I doP I have promised to marry biro, and Avice will suffer If I do not. Oh, what ■ball I do, what shall I dof” Her agony would have malted even Richard La Foliere’s heart could be have board the heartbroken eight that forced themaalvaa from the rosebud lipa or gated upon the beautiful, quivering faoe raised to toe blue heavens. “What shall I do- what shall I do?"wm the burden of bar cry that never oeasad. It ■bo escaped, and Avice was punished for telling the carefully guarded secret, could she ever bo happy again? And yet it she stayed and —' “Ob. no," she cried aloud, “I could not: I could nob The bitterness of death would be preferable to such a fate. Ob, the battle that she fought with her heart during the long hours that slipped by unheeded. A hundred wild plans darted through her mind, but none of them oould prove practical. “ Oh, why did I betray it?” she moaned, chokingly, the dark, curling head bent low upon too window sill, “ Why was Iso reck* Sose? What am I to do—what am Ito dof” Burcly no maiden was ever in such a cruel predicament ae lovely, .thoughtless Sidney Taylor. How the moments flow, she did not ktow. In her greet and absorbing emotion ebo tost all aooounl of time. Slowly the little clock upon the mantel* piece ticked eway an hour, another and an, other. Darkness settled ee a pall over the earth, and tbe wind moaned like s tbmg In pain around stem, old Greyatona House. Dark, ragged clouds scurried across the sky, and the boom of the restless waves oeme loud and sullen upon the wings of the angry wind. It was a night to bo remembered for Its solemn warning of the greet storm that was sweeping op from the sooth staying devasta tion and death in its bosom. Louder and louder shrieked the wind, brit Sidney heeded not A flercor and wilder storm was raging in her heart than ever dashed itself against the strong, unbending walls around bar. Still her piteous cry for guidance went dp from her breaking heart to the great, whits throne. The little clock chimed the hour of ton. The half-past rang out clear as a silver bolt As the echo died away, a low, guarded top upon the osken panel resounded through the room. So absorbed was she that she did not bear it Again it was heard, louder than before. U penetrated her ears this time. With a low cry she sprung to her feet, a startled look in her midnimit eyes. She remembered that Gilbert Peyton had sworn to help her If e men’s strong right arm oould. With a welcome cry, she sprang to the door and threw the portal wide with eager, trembling bands. (to bb oowrnnrro.) 