ONE OF SIB BIOHAED OWEN'S GHOST STORIES. Sir Richard Owen had two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be re - corded here was perhaps the better of the two. In his early days, when Owen held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the jail, and a post mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. Alter the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at tie time been already attraoted to the study of comparative anatomy, aad negroes' heads were not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of sownoe. In the evening he returned to the pnson with a bag containing a brick. From nis official position he had no difficulty in obtaining admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin-lid was unscrewed, and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the jail had a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length—the bag went from his hand and the head turn, bled out and rolled down the paved way. He jamped up, caught the bag and, follow, uig the head, olutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the .speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to bis usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the aoeident had oocurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who iadbeen in many adventures among the West India Islands, when many deedsfwere done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the kilhng of a negro, in whioh he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these details, the old Captain told of thehorrible event that took plaoe the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chan ced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the oounter, and it was followed by the devil, all in alack, with a black bag in his hand. The devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was, perhaps, not quite complimentary to the young anatomiBt, but it was satisfactory, so far that it showed that his identity had not been recognized.—London News. 