TIIE MISER'S LEGLC7. " lie's come, Mr. Herman." " Come ! Come at last ? Are you sure it, .Toe '?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe T'oppinger, with a confident nod of his head. ' lie's taken that old house—the Haunted House, the neighbors call it—and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way." Any servants with him, Joe .'" •• Only one—a crooked old woman—as threw a porringer of hot water over me when I came round to nx if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you sec the old man yourself, Joe I" " See him, Mr. Herman ? I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing gown and a flannel night-cap ou his head, and I s'poscd likely there couldn't be two sucu outlandish old customers going. He was a rumiin' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." •' That will do Joe, Here is a half-a-crown for you." " Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molineux had arrived at last —the rich and eccentric relative—on the reversion of whose fortune.realorsupposed.be had all his life, been building aerial castles. At last—and Herman resolved the very next day to call ar.d pay his respects, although the old woman with the hot; water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that he had taken a lease ofthe Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, "I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting his advent; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never should have taken tho trouble to hunt him up. Heigho! Sometimes I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it." And so the next day Mr. Franklyn ^called- Miner Molineaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like JIarius amid the rains of Carthage. But Franklyn. noticcd that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. '" Well, young man. and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the olel woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for tbe hot water treatment, showed him in. " So inquire after j-our health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. " Humph 1 My health is well enough ? Better than you wish it. I dare say." " My dear sir " " But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on the old man, still nervously fi ngering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done." " But, my dear cousin " " Words arc all very well," said the old miser, shrugging his shoulders, " but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony—and yet you go and engaire yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. " And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this —this" tapping, as he spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that " Stuff and nonsense I" yelled tbe old mat " What you knew 0r didn't know is perfect!.) immaterial to me. Leave me to my books wi itinw. Tint's all I ask "of an^ So Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. " I must break my engagement," said he to himself. That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." Josie Hall was sitting in the farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a blackeyed, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eyebrows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half anguish, as she looked straight at. Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. It isn't that, Jusie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek. "But I think perhaps it would be better for both oE us " " And I haven't the least doubt of it," passionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. :l A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring up any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward—as at least he esteemed it—came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill, he was frightened. Being frightened lie was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, aching he never would have done in health. " Vou don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman ! " he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured tbe young Tnan. as the doctor had that mornsaid that the patient's spirts must be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me 1 " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the delighted fortune-seeker. "But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineaux ; " she won't like it." " Do you think that I could persist in anything contrary to your wishes ?" reproachfully asked Herman Franklyn. " The engagement is broken." " Good I" croaked the old man. " Engagements are a humbug, in any event. Engagements to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. "My fortune is made now," thought Herman, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard directions given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box.,, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that .Tosie had been well sacrificed. lou wasn't at the tuneral, eh V said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle Hew faster than ever through the cambric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I nerer saw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he ?" said Mrs. Pierce. I don't rightly know about that," said Widow Hall. •• Cut you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all ?" " Nothing but a Jew sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent storekeeper would give change for." The widow's eyes shone through her spectacle glasses. i " Land o' mas3y 1" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say about—the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just the sheets of pap>,-r as held a dictionary the old man had been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, ana he'd spent bis all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling about tbe country to pick up information. " Humph I" said the Widow Hall. " And "dtjt did fljtfMgi."rtalriiRJMJ2" -•I didn't sit nc.ir enough toliim lo riglit'y hear," said Mrs. I'icrce, but them as did tells mc he swore an awful oath whea he saw what was ia the b;>x, aud flung the whole bundle ou the back of the fire. I saw it blaze up mvself." '• And was that all ?" asked the Widow nail. " That was all," responded l^r informant. '"I am glad of it!" cried out Josie, springing up with sparkling eyjs. " I never \vr.-- so glad of anything in all my life. IIL-'S SUI-V-L-:1 right for once." Mr. Fnuklvn callfiel the n^zt d?.y, meek and subdued, ff .Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both her arms around his neck an I rowel that she loved him better than ever. r.;it, she w?.s only a very human little girl, so she ste-od up with dignitv and said : " f wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all tiia-t has transpire:!. Mr l'rankiyn." But, Josie " There is the door, sir said Josie. " Fic-asc to walk out And there was nothing left for if, b'-it tc 1 4 walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in thf village grave-yard, and public rumnr ha? added yet another ghost to thi spectral popu lation of the Haunted Hoase—a yellow-visagccl old bogey, who wears a wig, aud carries in his hand a padlocked box. 