TOPICS OFTHE WEEK The conference that assembled in a hurry, at the invitation of Sir John Downer, though in the opinion of most people it did no thing, has given great comfort in quarters where they are delighted at nothing having been done. We are supposed to have reached "a new and distinct stage oi financial federation," because the three Premiers committed themselves to tins pro position " Recent events proi-e that laWe require to be enacted with respect to banking in all the colonies, and that the legislation should be uniform." That Bhoit paragraph is said to contain a very "striking fact." ' It does, and it is one announcing as- surprising news as Hamlet said had been conveyed* to him by the Ghost, whioh news his com panions thoug ht that it'needed no ghost to oome from the grave to telL Many people were aware $haV uniform legislation Was desirable hefore the oonferenoe met; mby,' more, they ■ not 'only- hnew it, but said so,' hnd urged the matter on the Govern ments of Australia. What die public vfcn I tured to hope was that the Premiers, theii minds being full of this momentous truth, would, before separating, agree upon some thing specific. But this was about as far as they date go. " The Premiers tecoguiseihe advantages of united action on the part of all the colonies: in the enr^t olr^Mgeiiciea affecting either *he whole Witw PwrniAMatM Afff natf niin iiliMi -JBednitta no tpnefor r* IWfWifc#! * f&lMgi; it the beauty of bis pet lamb. Mr. Carter can- ] not exactly claim to have found that pet. Jamb, for Mr. Parkes, t he deceased manager ^ of the Hank of Australasia, brought it under ; the notice of the Hanking Commiss.on (b.r j M H Dnvies beine chairman), but he is the , only person fondling the dainty animal at ■ present and still believing it to be young. It, is the American plan of compelling banks ; of issue to deposit Government stock with the Treasury as security for the payment 01 the notes tliey circulate. Mr. Carter ad mires it much. It is needed where a most every town in the States has its local bank, and there are 400 altogether. They have cone off at times, like chrysanthemums m etorniv weather. Hut we have an inlimtely better plan Here. In Victoria the notes are a first charge on the assets, that is to saj, the whole of the assets are answerable. Mr. Carter would only have part of the assets— an equivalent amount of Government i < _ J nli on/nirif IOC I securities—answerable, and such securities, if put on the market in basketfuls during an emergency to produce gold, might have to be sacrificed. Legislation for the protection of noteholders seems very like gilding re fined gold. Hut if the Premiers (with Mr. Carter} met chiefly in order to crack up each his own project, like mothers showing off babies, we are not surprised at the confer ence resulting in so little. Sir John Downer seems the only member who came neither with a baby to show off nor an eye to admire anybody else's. Having had an awakening, the Government is now putting on its hest speed to make up lost ground, and raising a hue and cry for the winds to carry off the land to the iast steamiug Salier, as she passes along the Aus- j tralian Bight. Ministers probably hope that people will omit to notice how inconsistent they have been. They could not think of objecting to the administrative action or in action of the Attorney-General which set the defendants free, but the Court having ordered a grand jury at the instance ot a private citizen, they spring into motion at once, put aside the Attorney-General, cancel the orders he gave to the officers of the de partment to stand still, arrange with him not to find a second nolle jtrosequi, and direct the issue of warrants, which there is no par ticular hurry for. Yet there is no distinction in principle or law between the pro posal of the Solicitor-General to file a presentment and the application Mr. I Coldham made to the Court for a grand jury. ISach act is permitted by the statute, and each is a reflection on the judgment, com mon sense, and fitness of the Attorney General, while the close relationship l>e tween the two is demonstrated by the fact that the Cabinet, in order to set things moving, has had to command the Crown-law secretary to disoliey Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. The O'Loghlen veto blocked the one proce dure as effectually as the other, and it has had to be lifted at the request of the Cabinet Therefore all the fine logic employed by Mr. Patterson to justify the policy of non-inter ference followed by the Cabinet until it saw that Mr. Isaacs had the country with liim goes by the boanl. The Premier i6 often happvin his phrases,butheisquite out of form on the presmt occasion. He compared Mr. Isaacs to a jibbing horse. Why it was the; team that jibbed (to please Sir Bryan), and | Mr. Isaacs, who was straining at the traces. I And now what is happening 1 The team is i plunging forward without Sir Bryan, who has I asked to be taken out, and is following be hind as the horse with the sore withers. Then Mr. Patterson said that we could not have two hens sitting on one nest, which is true. Bnt what ought we to do when we see that the hen sitting on the nest intends that the eggs shall not be hatched ? " Pull her off and let me on," exclaimed Mr. Isaacs. " Not at all," answered the Premier. " If the Attorney-General is resolved to addle them, it is liiB privilege, and we must not interfere." j Sir Bryan is now off the nest, and Mr. Wynne is in his place turning over the eggs roost busily. We believe that the Premier in his heart was entirely with Mr. Isaacs, but got angry with the Solicitor-General for acting on his own motion, which, according to the Premier's theory, of the administration of justice, is exactly what the Solicitor General should have done, though not, we believe, according to the theory of people who look, tot the question as practical men. We:«ne done with that phase of the matter npw, and.haveonly a word or too to suy about the./'firmness", of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, The Cabinet has told him to stand aside, and he stands aside, after making just enough .resistance to save appearances. Has his r^tspn been convinced? Does Sir Bryan take a new view:of the duties of the Attorney-General in regard to framing an indictment or entering of a noUeprosequi ? Theroind of tbe.lawyer is unconvinced, but thepoUticianseea the inconvenience which would be caused by his being too stubborn. He dare not interpose a second time with his veto, -yet he would like (with the little pres , sing tbatbos been forthcoming) to stay in the Ministry- So be. humbly "falls in" behind the^>aohi and no rope is needed to prevent bis running away or quitting the track. jftcampioj: time each evening he will tske his place alongside the pulling horses to 1!-—--job,-' James Miramp, like a email per-, experiencessimilar to feleown, t he verdict of a jury. Were it otherwise, the j affairs of the community would come to a, standstill. The jury may be wrong, and the ( judge who gives effect to its verdict may be j wrong, hut there is no help. Mr. Mirnms i says that the finding in respect to his | management of the Premier Building | Society was unjust. Chief Justice Highi-j 1-Hithuni adopted the finding; no responsible i citizen screes with Mr. Mirams. There is just one faint consideration in his favour, hut it does not affect the verdict. Looking on at what has l*een exposed but not dealt | with since he suffered, he may think the | singling out of James Mirams was harsh. Hut one miscarriage of justice does not authorise another. There was the same re luctance to prosecute in the Premier case that there has been since in the Anglo Australian and the Mercantile. The Govern-1 ment was long in seeing where its duty lay, but eventually it acted. After the reluctance I in the Premier case had been overcome there | should henceforth have been prompt action. But the shuffling and dodging were repeated. And why? Because politicians were concerned, and Assembly members wish to believe that. I they enjoy an immunity which cannot be | claimed by the every-day citizen. Mr. Mirams is moved by that belief now. He has ] canvassed the House for a select committee, and claims to have the promises of a majority. A select committee is to go through the solemn, the awful, the highly-dangerous farce of annulling a verdict and whitewashing away a conviction. It may be done on Votes and Proceedings, but the eternal record cannot be so changed. The decision has been engraved on the public memory—on a tablet as enduring as the brass on which the Romans inscribed their decrees, and the instant the Assembly lifts its hand to smudge out tbe words, that hand will be palsied. We are nearing the laying on of the last straw. The term "politician" is beginning to have a signification among us that all who venerate the institutions of the country shudder to think of. It is becoming synonym fur unscrupulous shamefacedness, j brazen self-seeking, and contempt for the | white and shining name of public honour. We are hoping (out of the belief we have in the slow and sure triumph of good over evil) for a change, foT we long to see men of character filling the high seats. The feeling of disgust has become very strong during the last week or two, upon sufficient cause. The public sentiment may be trifled with a little longer, but not for ever. The doleful announcement has had to be ! made on behalf of the Railway Commis sioners that in spite of the many " great" re forms which they have introduced, the re j venue is less this year than it was last. Yet ! they have not been idle since they took ! charge in April last year. They have " re iduced" the train mileage (i.e., taken off j trains), they have sent away any number of i men, they are getting rent but of tbe ' humblest of the gatekeepers (the gate j keepers least likely to squeal when pinched), ! tliey are making the people who stick to the railways suffer for their fidelity (in the form of extra rates), tliey have called a large road traffic into existence for the benefit of old customers of the railways who objected to the new charges and might have grumLled if tliey had not been supplied with other means of getting their produce and stores carried to and from market cheaply, and in the suburbs of Melbourne they are letting the wives, daughters, &c;,( of periodical ticket- holders ride at exactly half the rate charged the ordinary passenger. | For these several bounties, and many more j we have not room to specify, the public are j extremely grateful, wishing that there j bad never been a large-vie wed Speight but ever a microscopic-eyed Kibble. On one point we have to offer the com- j missionere sympathy. They have until lately been backed up in everything. There is nothing they have proposed that has not been "proved " to be right. But the line has j been drawn at reforms affecting " our cir- j culation." There has been much feeling] along the lines on the question of newspapers.! The commissioners know all about it, for: has it not obliged them to send out circular after circular? Aud the distressing fact has been found out by tbe organ that plays warlike music for - the commissioners, that the pennies are not coming in as they used to from the classes of men the commissioners have been reforming out of the service, and who nnder■ great management might not have bad to go! at all. Consequently the organ has been, obliged to disapprove of the latest series of, reductions/ "Really this' is going too "far, you know," &c.; And a day or two after the audacious organ stated tliat in consequence' of "oar representations" the commissioners; would stay their band, putting them to tbe trouble of announcing they could not, for we are Under ''Cabinet orders." The fate of the. squeezed : orange is for those who seh-e a bard and un scrupulous master coo zealously,. ai^d it should, come soon now. We are sorry, inj the public interest, that tbe railways ltsejp on losing business, but not amazed, Were a merchant) Urben be, found MscU&tomeiB;! shortening theirordere.to raise hisprioep/b^ , Wbuld kbatcely biop^e] h& sales.Ji&tnie; ' could have follow fromffce raising1 of the fmigbts'wben^imM were dull andeverybody wiving.v But that Is not alb l^ne' m^tbs '-ego - the Cfyaham Berry) gamtbepnl^ of *' " ■ J-~ .^now l .eto&^tax was' Ni$m* ' 'staked'. for ;ibe trade, which proceeds to "sweat" its employes, and taxed to make up the loss that occurs on the railways through the crippling of tmlfie. The M'llwmith Government has met the i Queensland Parliament under circumstances which can scarcely be called comfortable, hut! which nevertheless give it assurance of un disturbed possession of oflice. It lias on absolute majority of from eight to ten over all parties; there is no distinct and homo geneous Opposition ; the strongest party, next to the Government, are the labour members, who number 17, and are as numerous as the old Opposition and the independents put together, while the independents are more M'llwraithinn than Opposition. The un comfortable fact is the financial paralysis. Upon the Government is cast the re sponsibility of solving some very hurd problems, and the Opposition and the labour parties, being conscious of their helplessness to suggest a theorv, give Sir Thomas M'llwraith carte blanche. His position might be easier were there a rush of ideaB—something to choose from— in the House, and a variety oi resources to try. The Government in the first place is going to make the public finances balnnce by cutting down expenditure and increasing revenue, which has not come up to expecta tion. This may mean more taxation, at a period when the people of Queensland, who have been hard hit by floods in the south and drought in the interior, and by banking suspensions everywhere, are in the worst pos sible plight for anBweriug to the whip. Extra taxes can bring very little out of pockets nearly empty of ready cash. Rest and en couragement might prove a far better remedy, giving the rilla time to fill the reservoirs. Next, there is to be recourse to the 1866 ex pedient of Treasury notes based on Treasury bills. The Government proposes to take possession of the note circulation, and drive bank paper out of use. But the operation will be gradual, and the bank paper is not to disappear for two or three years. In the third place, the Government will have to do some thing to set the suspended banks on their legs. Queensland, neglecting the warnings it had 27 years ago, has entangled itself too much with banking business. The Government lias given all its support to one institution, and there are nearly £2,000,000 of loan money and revenue locked up. It cannot insist on j getting its money before all other creditors. I To do so would be to make the reopening of the Queensland National Bank impossible. Sir Thomas M'llwraith does not favonr the I scheme adopted so promptly in New Sonth I Wales for freeing tlie current accounts. We infer from that that lie cannot—that the I banking authorities who are acting with the Government would not be helped by it, or that the Treasury is already sufficiently hampered. In Victoria the Government ex cuse is an obstinate " won't," which can give no reason for its olmtinac.v. The Queensland excuse is that the Government has to mono: polise the paper -currency for another pur pose, viz., to pay the everyday claims of the public creditor. You could not have both Treasury notes and deposit-receipt notes cir culating as currency. One or other would be driven out, or both would fall together. Nominally, the M'llwraith Government .will base its £500,000 worth of papcropgolfl, biltSm practice it hopes to get amount of gold not exceeding1 fird of the notV • -il.- JL ijr: d. aULliil. . issue. In other worfs, it is grfpgtft b^fhyw (ic withbat ht&rest;, to £350,000 from the puUjic pay salaries, wages, ahd contingencies ftppk month to month, doing away with Chpq\ieji> That being so, the issjuing'of legabtefiSer notes to help the deposit-holders is impos sible. Sir Thomas M'llwraith does not con demn the idea ; he simply cannot avail him self of it None of the experts who have written or spoken on the Brisbane floods of February and March last give the citizens much, corn fork Some have proposed the straightening of the winding river, and a direct cut to the sea; others recommend the building of a! great wall of China, to confine the big stream within its own channel. Such plans are simply impracticable. The river cannot be straightened, the bends being caused by high ridges of rock, and tlie wall, by acting as a dam, would transform Hie city and suburbs into an immense reservoir. The effect which an Sin. or 12in. fall Inside the embankment would have on the city, if not allowed to ran off, has been overlooked by the theorists. Mr. A. C. Gregory. who writes as an ex plorer, a geologist^ old colonist, and a man of common sense, has discussed the question before thp Geographical Society of Brisbane. He has examined the alluvial deposits in ti}? .yallj^y of the river, as revealed by yi^-cuttipgs !and excavations, and they Ratify tiittt' $be pmnbesr of inundations wliidi most have risen within 10ft. of thel893.flood amounted to at least 60, and that 25 pf them came up to its level. Therefore, the flood of 1893 was not unprecedented, and what'has happened before may happen again. Still the maximu|n*^aj^ght cannot have been "M® to say,, or consjderBblmBelf justified in saying, from history and ttaditiondating from 1824, that flood as the one of :torJPjit;'tUtve .'not' new 'con-.. ig : floods, arisen? He as some think he . . _ of the clearing of. the ' an®' & •VI flow freely; a*m! ranches the mnin river in less time t.lini) formerly, and as a result of thin rapid flow the floods mnst lie less accumulated in lite upper valleys, and < greater (Init of Jess duration) in the lower portion of j the river. It is difficult to estimate the extent to which t hese condit ions increase the rise of the water near Brisbane, liut it U not likely to be more than a email factor in the total result." The factor, we think, is likely to be large, and the special features of the flood of 181)3, which rose and fell three times in the course j of a week or 10 days, waB the rapidity of the rise and fall, due to the very facility which the clearing of the ground must have given for the speedy rush of the fallen rain into the main streams. However, the essential point is that, whatever the cause, the calamity may be expected to repeat itself. It appears as if there were no safeguard except marking off the areas in danger, and so building the warehouses and private dwelliugs that the > goods and furniture they contain may be | speedily moved to a sul'e place. On any future occasion the inhabitants Bhould not be ! taken unawares, as they were this year, through the meteorological department fail ing (by a breakage of the wires) to get iu stant news of the abnormal fall on the j Upper Brisbane. But it the theory of the Bishop of Dunedin is correct, that the flood , was a token of Divine wrath, no precautions that the human mind cuu devise will be of | any avail. During this week a barque of 000 tons, the Royal Tar, has been preparing to sail for the Argentine Republic with a butch of Aus tralian communists, who propose to found a colony on new principles in; Paraguay. The ports of departure are Sydney and Rock hampton. Mr. William Lane, "an ardent socialist," is promoting and leading the enter prise. He came to Australia a few years ago, and wrote in the most out-and-out style in a Brisbane paper (since deceased) about the rights of the men who hare not got on well in the world, and who are believed by eloquent and imaginative writers like Mr., Lane to hare failed entirely because we have lad laws. The laws are frequently blamed for neglecting to supply individuals with the force of character and the readiness to make use of opportunity which lead to success. Mr. Lane's schemes for regenerating Queens, land secured listeners, but the great body of the people went on doing their daily work in their usual way. He took a hand in the big strike, and preached great things. Some people say he is clever. Anything of his that came under our notice seemed to have as little solidity as the soap-bubble, but that may be because we hare no taste for line and indefinite writing. Mr. Lune must have organising power, however, to have brought his migration scheme to its present point. It is not said how many are going, but BnppoBe the number is 150, that is at least a beginning. The Government of Paraguay haB promised (on conditions) for occupation by 4,000 or 5.000 people 700 square miles of territory, 14 miles from the terminuB of the railway. Paraguay is an inland state, and has to be reached, travelling by river, through the Argentine Republic. The locality has a climate something like that of the Darling Downs in Queensland, but warmer. Each member of the parti- has to subscribe and absolutely part with £00. It is calcu lated that that amount will carry him to Paraguay and keep him for at least a year. tjTfie community is to be strictly socialistic, i j with equal rights and equal shares for men [tettdi women, and no superiority for any one. rAH/kinds of persons are going, school teachers, newspapers writers,-cyclists, one [jl&ctor;, and working men. Mr. Lane says the men (who have given in their names) average 15GJlb. in weight, 5ft. 8&in.; in height. They are taking a simple stock of tools, im plements, and utensils; and one enthusiast, who seems to have been disappointed with the newspaper trade in Queensland, has given bis printing-press and type, and is going himself. Another enthusiast has given £400 (a recent legacy), which he will never get back, by the terms of the "social con tract" It is calculated that the community will set up its tents and go to work as soon as it arrives. It is to be carried free by rail from Asuncion on the River Paraguay as far as the line goes, and then must find its way somehow along the 14 miles of road that stretch from that town to the nearest part of the reserved area. The rest is to be all-plain sailingfor 12 months at least We hope the venture may succeed, though we frankly state that we have many reasons for believing the contrary. It looks wild mid visionary; it may be well managed and successful. The colonists bay lie a picked set' of men and women, devoid'of jealousy, and: self-seeking, and safeguarded against sickpess.' .But the . plans are hot businesslike, and the. leading spirits are dreamers.and adventurers, who bpve little or nothing' tb loBe. If they wanted to bake the' experibent free from the risksend dangers that':threaten this Quixotic scheme, -they, could have got all the Jand they require in Australia, where they would-besamobgptople. whofelk Engl|pJ#h «$tiprm $ J^ie. .thepTcraJni b> JnmuK writ we BrsV vimtri they j^t^ieb'js1 tohibnthrirboits." -Nobimwho becbtoes diBtotisfiedwillgetblsmtmey back;;hewill have to stop in Paragagy,' or 3 workhiB /pas leave. Dunedin.] Wp. However, his :;iWv aid theb ijiHhfe ibsrtyoiing^ goodfleal'of o pertonnapoe, vM*Wi'.rim suppose that the speech'was the result of several weeks' preparation, and as such a com pliment to the cultivated taste of a Dunedin audience. Mr. lteevee cites names (a»ul names only) from Socrates to Sir William Veruon Harconrt. To the rending and writing man his references and quotations seem rather worn. Lycidas is now only for Bchoolboys and it looks like lugging a quotation in to speak of the ballot as a " weapon," or that "two-handed engine by the door." Mr. Reeves is so fresh in his illustrations where he goes to every-dsy experience for them that we marvel at his adopting hackneyed lines from school prises. He has surely done some reading for himself since he parted from University, text-books, which are made up from literature bear ing the thumhmarks of generations of teachers and pupils. Mr. Reeves very art fully mentions the prosperous state of the country to hint that just a little of the credit (perhaps a great deal) is due to the Ballance Government. He makes no claim, but he says, "Governments are blamed when things go wrong, Burely when they go right," &c.; Well, not to be ungene rous, they shall have their meed. The idea he gives you all through his address, with its electric speaks and dashes at short intervals, is that you are listening to an ex tremely dexterous politician, whom you mpst never take your eye off. He has the fluency and the transcendentalism of our Mr. Oeakin. When he wants to he can prophesy. Your imaginative Bpeaker is hard to keep rein on. When you want to discuss facte, he is always ready with visions of a glorious future, which neither he nor you will ever see, but which an audience believes for the moment it may enter upon to-morrow. The Beeing of visions began several thousand years ago, and the long prosaic roll of history does not record the realisation of one. Mr. Reevea is a moderate socialist, and att socialists picture a grand to morrow, not considering that laws , and Governments cannot possibly give you a better world than we have now until we have better people. The political socialist pretendB to believe that the people are going to improve them selves by self-imposed compulsion, after the maimer of the craxy flagellators, who fancied that the plague was a heavenly punishment, so each man proceeded to flog himself, when a morning bath would have been ever so much better. "If it be right for the indi vidual to try and improve his position and to rise in the scale of civilisation, why should not hundreds of thousands of individuals be allowed to work together harmoniously for the good of the State?" Why, indeed, and who says nay, so long aB the working together is voluntary? But real socialism means the combining of the least competent to pull the most competent hack, and-all history, natural and political, proves that the course of nature is to improve the race by the survival. of the, fittest The oply stimulus is to make or induce each man 'to do his best." Thedeatli of Mr. John Addinglon Symopds at 53 is a serious loss to English literature. In an age iu Which there is an increasing tendency to specialism in every branch of research, his wide knowledge and still wider sympathy with whatever is best worth know ing made him a teacher of peculiar value. The central subject of his Btudiea, to which he devoted thechief part of bis life's work, was the Renaissance in Italy, that great awakening of the human niind after the long slumber of the Middle Ages, which is perhaps the most fascinating chapter in the history of European literature. The seven volumes which represent Mr. Symonds's labours on this vast and complex snbject are a monument to his erudition And enthusiasm, and are without a rival, at all events in the English language. German writers, Burckhordt for in stance, may have gone more deeply and exhaustively into certain aspects of the Renaissance, but it is doubtful if any of thf m have dealt with the subjectasa whole .in such a clear and comprehensive manner us the English writer. In narrative and de scription Mr. Symbnds is excellent, his style being vivid and picturesque. Ills criticism is Invariably sound and sympathetic, and above all he possessed in an unusual degree the art of strongly interesting- the reader. He lias seldom written a dull page,. which considering the great bulk of bis works, ift no small thing to say. Besides his large history, Mr. Symonds produoed a number of short studies and sketches, 'mostly contributed' to the magarines, relating tothe pities skid .dis tricts and some of the leBS-known historical characters of Italy, which are delightful reading, and full of that' knpwlcdge ppd appreciation of 'both ''place* 'and people that cari be abqhired only by ari al mobt life long personal familiarity with the country. Next to the IWianJlte>ai8Sano^,the Bubject axftit mt :*»« knbw^^^^ty^ifter^lihg bnjdy ment. in. tracing the influence of Italy and Italian wSKrs upon English men ' ^hat ledMr. Blipiif! write" a. short monograph i>&&' But^ althohgh to numerous Writings he - (seldom Wanderedfor from the country heknewvan'diovedso'well, wonderful human m&di-; the moatmcmentobs since the:,': Srofck intellecbamovtment t^havjpg Mm!* and Descartes, and all the innumerab e other manifestations of intellectual ac mty that have vitally influenced the development of humanity ever since. It is by lus exposition of the Italian Renaissance from this wide point of view that Mr. Symonds has gained .a special position in modern English litera ture and a distinct place among the teachers of the age. ■ - The historic mansion of Hughenden has, after an interval during which it was tenanted by an Australian squatter, become the resi dence of the nephew of the . distinguished statesman with whose, name it will always be indiBsolubly associated. The manor of Hughenden, of which on interesting account is given in the Illustrated London News, has a history that goes back to the Norman. Con quest, and even earlier. The first holder to whom it can be traced was Edith, daughter of the famous Earl Godwin, sister of King Harold, and wife of Edward the Confessor, of whose numerous possessions it formed a small part. It was granted by the Conqueror to Odo, Bishop of Bayeux, and under him it was held by William Fitz-Oger when Domes dan Book was compiled. That great record shows that it was taxed for 10 hides .(1,200 acres), and that the manor comprised three cottages, fifteen villeins, and five bondsmen or slaves. There were also 200 acres of pasture land, and the woods afforded grazing for 600 hogs. On thedis . grace of Odo, Hughenden passed to the ; Crown, and was granted by Henry the First . to Geoffrey de Clinton, his chamberlain, by whom it seems to have been made over as part of theendowentof a Benedictine Priory of Black Canons, which he founded at Kenil worth. It is, however, not quite certain whether the gift was not made by Nicholas de Hughenden in the reign of Henry the Second. At any rate, it remained in the possession of the brotherhood until the Reformation, 21 priors holding rule at Hughenden during the three or four centuries when the monks held such a prominent position in English society. Henry the Eighth put an end to the priory, and granted the manor to the Dormers, five generations of whom bpre sway at Hughenden. From them it passed by marriage to the Earls of Chesterfield, and in 1738 it was sold to Charles Savage. After a succession of inheritors it was in 1847 bought by. Benjamin Disraeli,; afterwards created Earl of Beaconsfield j and Viscount. Hughenden. .. The most j notable name, however, save the last, con nected with: Hughenden, is that of De Montfort, and in the little church are five \- effigies of members of the family of the great Earl of Leicester, some of whom seem to \- have lived in seclusion on the manor, and having changed the name to Wellesbourne, to hare, risen to sufficient importance .to become members of Parliament and mayors of the borough of Wycombe down to the reign of Henry the Seventh. It fa believed that the present manor-house Brands on the site of the ancient priory. It was built probably by one of the Dormer family, and in the latter part of the last century was greatly rebuilt ■' and enlarged by Joh n Norris. Although not a great mansioh, according to modem standards, Hughenden is just such a home as any statesman might desire to possess, with "Its beautiful little park and grounds, the ancient church, arid''the market town of High Wycombe ohly&milc; away, while Great Hampden and Beaconsfield, memorable for their connection with John Hampden and Edmund Bnrke, are only half-a-dozen miles distant. For quiet natural beauty; and associations with some of the most famous characters of English history Hughenden, with its surrounding neighbourhood, fa in every way a charming place," and one well calculated to Stir the ambition pi its present owner, and make him desire to emulate the deeds of his illustrious forerunners. It may be mentioned that there has lately been an interesting discovery made at Hughenden of Disraeli relics, stowed away in cupboards and other out-of-the-way places.' They .include a copy of Hansard, with Lord -Beaconsfield's notes np to March, 1881, certain mementoes of his election for Shrews bury^ years earlier; the robes he wore when Chancellor of the Exchequer, and innumer able caskets, < containing public addresses, the freedom of cities,and: similar docu rments. "*; '"t"'!! " 