MUSIC & THE DRAMA DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES,.. [By TonasTromi-] Owing to absence in the country I?' must apologise to my readers for the non appearance of the usual old Launceston playbill this week. Lawrence Campbell, the clever enter tainer and reciter, intends to settle in Launceston. Mr Campbell has excellent English testimonials. I am in receipt of a Newcastle (N.S. Wales) paper from the manager of the Norman- Baker dramatic, combination.. The heads of the company were popular members of Mr Bland Holt's late staff of" actors. The piece announced was "Hood man Blind," and the efforts of the company were very favourably commented upon in the account of the production. There is no alteration to announce in the list of attractions offered at the lead ing Melbourne and Sydney theatres. Among Miss Ellen Terry's most valuable treasures is a diamond bracelet bearing thbi inscription, "Ellen Terry, from< Alexandra, Princess of Wales." SMiss Ada Rehan, the American actress, is writing her memoirs. The book will contain an account of several interviews with the late Lord Tennyson. Miss Lois Fuller, the American lady who originated the serpentine dance, recently made ler debut at the Folios Bergere. She was engaged at £340 a month. An English contemporary remarks that the practice of " tipping" gallery boys in. order to secure applause is still rampant. It is to be imagined that the practice is nob wholly unknown in Australia. Mr 'Henry Irving's famous collection of' Kean relics, says an English contemporary,. is to be augmented by a decidedly novel'. exhibit. It seems that when Keen was in Canada a tribe of Huron Indians elected him as their chief. They called him by a poetical name of eight syllables and held war dances to celebrate the christening.. Kean, who must have been fond of a joke, allowed himself to be decked out in the Huron costume-plumes, leather leggings, and greasy paint; and while in this guise sat to a skilled artist for his portrait. The, engraving has been preserved among the effects of the late Mrs Leigh Murray, and now, to the keen satisfaction of Mr Irving, the original costume has been discovered, to be transposed at an early date to the study of the Lyceum actor. SMacready accumulated a vast wardrobe... What became of it is a question which has lately been raised. It seems from his diary that on his retirement in 1851 he disposed of 25 of his dresses to the man ager of the Haymarket, Mr Benjamin Webster, receiving for them the very moderate sum of £100. The only memento which Macready preserved for himself was a portion of the lace from the Cardinal's. dress in Richelieu. The order of the Holy" Ghost, worn in that character, was given-. to Mr Phelps. The whole dress. of Vir- giaius. with the part, was given to Mr' John Forster, the essayist and biographer,. and the scroll of parchment which was' used in the second act in the betrothal of Virginia is in the Forster collection at, South Kensington. The white hood worn in "Philip Artevelde" was presented to Lady Pollock, and the daeger to Charles Dickens. The ultimate destiny of the greater portion of the wardrobe is not now' known,'for it is hardly to be hoped that it, still forms part of the "properties" of the, Haymarket. * Signor Barracchini, a well-known. manager and eccentric of Naples, died. recently. He had seen the boards of his. theatres, "The Valle" and "The Metas- tasio." trodden by whole generations ofr illustrious actors. Antonio Barracehini was. an enormous man, a second Falstaff, and. of late years took to spending his days in. .the box office of the Valle, with his large hands spread on his knees, his rad face. bent over his ever increasing body. There, in the little dark room, he watched the sale of tickets, conversed with artists and. reporters, and saw his fortune growing steadily larger and larger, until it reached. 6,000,000f. Every evening, in spite of his age, the manager eat in front of his theatre observing, and controlling everything,. This mode of life no doubt affected his health. The evening before his death he was as usual at his post. On Sunday be" retired to a private room, and not return. ing as usual was sought for and found dead. On " Hallow e'en" the popular Scottish. vocalist, Mr Robert Kennedy, son of the celebrated exponent of Scottish minstre'sy, the late Mr David Kennedy, gave his entertainment of "The Songs and Stories of Scotland" t0 an audience that entirely filled the Princes' Hall, London. The " Gossip of the Century" recently published some characteristics of the cele brated Italian singers. Grisi and Mario are described and commented on. Of' Grisi it is said that " without possessing much sense of humour she often said droll things, and the quaintness of.: her Italian.. ised English, abounding with literally translated Italian idiom, was amusing, not; only to others, but even to herself. However, she, like the others, took kindly to English .customs, and I remember one day in the .foyers des artistes, "during "a concert. at the Bijou Theatre (when various views were being expressed as to the .beverage least pernicious to the voice), all agreed in con demning tea as detestable, coffee allowable only if taken ncir, champagne admissible,. and Madore only doubtful. Grisi confessed-. that for her part she was very partial to 'arf.an-arf,' and Malibranu revealed that in the desert scene in one of Balfe's operas,. where she had to drink from a gourd, she always had it filled with . . . bottled. stout! In fact, this stimulant seemed absolutely necessary to supply the dash and. spirit needed in a bravura song, or in any scene requiring energy near the end of a performance. It is known that she once fainted on the stage after singing ' Ah non giunge,' the finale to the ' Sonambula,' just as if she had been the real Amina." With reference to the cable massage an nouncing that Madame Antoinette Ster ling, vocalist, would visit these colonies in the spring, Mr P. A. Howol s, the repre. sentative of Mr W. H. Poole, who has for several years been acting as agent for Eng lish musicians in the Australian colonies, but who has returned to England, says that: the arrangements for her visit are not yet completed, but he expects a message in a few days making definite arrangements. It is proposed that Madame Sterling shall arrive in Adelaide in April, and after mak-. ing a tour of the colonies shall return in August, taking with her five Australian musicians, who are to appear in London in September next under engagement to Mr W. R. Poole. Offers have been made. to' several leading musicians in the colonies.. who would make a strong psery, which Mr Poole proposeg .introduing to the London . 