I COLLAPSED AIR CASTLE. "5.T is a questionable comfort to be a bachelor. I liad never felt more onvinced of that fact than I did on one particular day in December. The sun — which I find often affects our moods seriously by the way lie looks down upon us — was in a coauet-tish mood, and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. The ladies were out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom fails — nob figuratively speaking, permit me to remark, for I am no judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe the verdict of fiction, " where the sky that had been obscured with cleuds was liuug with a hundred rainbows, and life was one perpetual summer of bliss after the bright particular 'she' appeared on the hrrizon of his life." Literally', I remarked, however, that, the unusual number of the female persuasion in the streets of our famous town portended a storm, and so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, just as I imagine society belles must appear after a brilliant ball, where they have squandered three days' supplies of smiles and blandishments 011 one evening. Per haps the atmosphere warmed up enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the same. Questionable, I remarked, is the comfort of a bachelor. It is very flattering to be pointed out as some special genus of a race, in an exclusive way, shining with an unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman we just passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I felt anew accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, as if I bad been quoted as a "bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. No second fiddle dubbing, as Mrs. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complacent look as I passed on. Another group came down -the avenue. One of the young ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. Tbe air was clear, and after I had bowed and walked slowly on, these wordssaluted my ear, — " O May ! You should set your cap for Mr. Scribbler !" " Aiay and December ! That would be like the story I read lately," was the reply in silvery tones, that sounded very pleasant-, and sent a flutter through eveii my old veins as I listened, hoping to hear more pleasantries at my expense of as encouraging a character, especially as I had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like one I could wish to possess as a — daughter. But the next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. " You know lie might not live long, and then y ju would be a rich, jolly widow, with ple- nLy of admirers, and — " Miserere! I thought my plodding neigh bour across the street, who was only Airs. Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim of sucli a dark conspiracy. In this mood . of sudden humility I encountered an old friend, heavily laden with parcels, who was uot only somebody's husband, but an old-time rivaL My greeting partook of the nature of con gratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured me — making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store — that if be got his errands done in time he would come. Errands ? Bless my soul ! Where is the burdened benedict going to slow away the rest of his "errands" — and what made liim look as if hauut-ed by some irate fury as he edged off hurriedly to h'.iy calico, thread, a paper of pins, perhaps, or a yard of ribbon, or some other feminine possessions that old bachelors are not. supposed to realise the need of ? On my homeward journey, thinking and moralising on the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh hells, that, announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and— jolly, I should have once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke so recently that it seut a shiver through me— elderly couples tucked up snugly, and talking com fortably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. So contradictory are all general applications to social states that I gave it up as too far beyond me to solve the problem " To be or not to be." Tlie whistle of the early evening train blew, and I concluded my friend had been so long delayed with matching that particular shade of ribbon, or finding that identical pattern of slippers, that he had 110 time to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor in his lonely lot. He was a sort of rival years ago, and no one could condemn me for feeling a slight resentment- on being " cut out," to use a common phrase. But time heals many a smalt-, and oue turns back, when one is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewlia-t dis mally on a state that I felt iu duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover- -thinking Liits luwei ui ui£ub wuuiu exempt) me irum intrusion — wasengaged in the very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learning that accomplishment, lest I should need to know how ; I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing this when I was 10 years younger, but now my fingers had grown clumsy, and the needle would go into the' wrong place— as often into my fingers as into the edge of the chasm I was trying to bridge over with yavu. It is astonishing how a person who has kept a strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the " swear words " he ever knew upon such a provocation. I had just come to the last fissure iu those hosen when I saw my friend's figure pass the window. I heard his step at the door, and hastily thrusting the darning-needle into the nearly spent ball, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over all, as I felt rather ashamed to be found mending stockings by this man of all others, who had a wife to keep him neat. This thought put me on the defensive at once, for I said to myself " " ' Ye are spies ! To see the nakedness of tlie land are ye come.' Without compromising truth, I shall externally prove the tranquil joy of the celibate." My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at ease, and after looking into the dark corners somewhat apprehensively, drew up a spliut- boltoraed chair to the fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy blaze, before which the and irons posed, like sentinels, black and grim, evidently staring at the intruder. After we had talked a while on many topics his face grew long and solemn, and drawing his hand slowly over his half-gray whiskers, he remarked sagely : " This must be a mighty hard life for you to lead, Rube, here all alone ; I pity you from the bottom of my heart, I do ! Don't you get lonely ? " " Occasionally," I replied. " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping l hat breaks the silence seems to fill the room with the ghosts of a quilling- bee or a sewing society." Joshua turned up his eyes rather sus piciously, looking for some signs of irony iu my face, and continued patron: singly: — " Now if vou had a wife, Uube, she would have polishc-d these andirons so you could see your face in 'em." " I have a good looking-glass/' I said, " and beside, I never flattered mystlf on being worth looking at." " There's a woman over in our neighbour hood that would make you a capital wife," lie reir.a:;-: I. "She is good looking, so-art as a sleel trap, aud clev.r beside. i'w interested in you, really, and would like to see you comfortably settled in yotu declining years. Suppose you come over to our place, some time, and get acquainted ?': " I am not sure I need a wife," I said reluctaubly, not being willing to confess thai his last words had fallen like oil on troubled seas. " I am well enough as I am." My apparent reluctance to accept his ser vices as match-maker aroused in him the slumbering fire of oratory ; long subdued — rumour had whispered— by the sharp and overwhelming logic of his better half, Belinda. " Think what it would be," said he, "to have some one to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village choir when I was young), to soothe your cares with loving words and geutle smiles ; to bestow titles of tenderest endear ment u»oii you ; to be a ministering angel in sickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in j'our existence, to waken sublimest harmony in your soul ; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your washing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and " But whatever else Joshua might have said was lost to me then. He had, as it were, taken me by slow stages to the meeting house steeple, aud then dropped me from tliencc, in a twinkling, into a wasb-tub aud a poultry-yard and kettles and frying pans. Of course the shock and the fall was too much for one of 1113' sensitive temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was the way his eloquence always ended at the debating society when he was young. He would soar, and soar, and soar, till lie reached the " top of father's wood pile." I saw he was making one more frantic effort, encouraged by my weak silence, to convert me to his matrimonial creed. I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt the current of liis -ideas, and still l.stened in silence, wondering, a little sceptically, .why he looked so careworn and ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of exist ence. " And — and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary and worn with fatigue, to be wel comed home again witb caressing words and a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from bis brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair, towards which he had been gyrating in his excitement. He dropped into the chair with the air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I remarked that " I was glad to hear that lie and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." Whatever else I would have said was cut short by bis suddenly strange conduct- as he sprang up from the chair and executed :i dance that was something between a waltz and a breakdown, and not exactly either. " wny tuese antics, my iriena r 1 askea innocently, refraining from gazing except on his face, which was contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. " It is indeed a fitting illustration .of your felicity when you are impelled to 'leap for joy." "Hang it all," he said, "Can't you see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his hand around to his spine and gave another terrific shriek. " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly rising to investigate the cause of his fright. " I was thinking of Belinda " Tbe cause immediately transpired, for, fasleued to the small of his back, were all the contents of that chair, except the cushion. "Confound Belinda !" he exclaimed, stung to maduess by jealousy and the darning- needle. " I can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night — I've got seasoned to it — but I'll be darned if I can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." ' " I'll try to extricate you ; I understand now. Your little pun respecting my darn ing needle here made me think vou were mildly swearing," I remarked. " Steady now 1" And witb a vigorous effort the darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and stocking were at once removed, and I con fessed to myself with an inward chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment he had unwittingly affected — entirely done for-. He had in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at the stockings, seizing on them as a subject for liis next remark. "Did you do that, Reuben?" he asked. " I never 6ee one darned so well. After all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't hasten, Joshua — .you were telling me what Belinda would say when you return ; I am geltiug deaf ; I don't always catch everything." " No I wasn't, neither ! And you ueedn't be calling my wife by her first name to my face— but I can tell you near enough, if you want to know ; she will say that I was a blustering old idiot to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too." " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. "I am somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I had as many errands entrusted to my poor memory as you had to-day." He looked as if it was no affair of mine. nnf eoonio/1 fii f.o1rA L'in/Htr mir ctimnafli<r and corrected one of my errors by present ing a much rumpled document from his vest pocket-. " There's the items ; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that I was unable to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : " By the great Csesar 1 If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins ? " He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained bim to remind him of his magnani mous offer. " When shall I have the pleasure of meet ing that amiable person at your house? Aliss Charity Smith, I think you called her." He looked more confused, than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly : "Well, now— come to think of it, I ain't sure she'd suit you, after all ; and — come to think of it — seems to me I heard that she thought of making a lengthy visit to her nephew out in Oregou. Perhaps you had better wait awhile. I think I'll take it up with ' Miss Charity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave you so com fortable." He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and the air castle is likely to share the same fate as many another. But here, what is (his my eye first lights upon as I open the paper this hot midsummer day ? " A mysterious disappearance ! Our esteemed townsman. Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. The depot agent is quite sure he bought a ticket for some Western city, but his family suspect suicide, as he has been melancholy of late." Poor Joshua ! I can imagine that he would be subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't be what she used to be, according to the hints lie let drop reflecting oti her amiabilit3'. I hardly think it would be best to attempt to condole with her, if worst has come to worst— and if Belinda Brown is really a widow— poor fellow ! But perhaps she might, for old acquaint ance sake, forget her grief sufficieutly to presetit me to Miss Smith. " Charity "— that name, however, has had a very pleas ing sound to my ears. But here's another Chestnut-liill item, that gives the fiuishing stroke to that air castle — "Miss Charity Smith started for Oregon last week. " The thermometer was ninety in the shade when I came in with the paper. I must go out and look at it again ; it must have fallen twenty degrees certain. What if— Joshua had gone out to Oregon himself? In all England there are only seven school boards which do not pro-. ide for religious iusU'uctiou by the teacher. 