Ridge's Flat. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] (Concluded from last week.) BY ALICE GUERIN. She almost flew over the road home, so eager was she to solve the mystery of the stolen gold. As soon as she got to the house she hurried along the veranda to a little room at the end, which Mr. Apsley used aa an office, and where she felt certain to find him. Sissy knocked, but there was no answer, so she Btepped in. Mr. Apsley was not there, but his chair was drawn up to the table, which was covered with papers, as if he had just been writing there. As Sissy advanced to the table she caught sight of an old and somewhat soiled sheet of note paper covered with writing which she recognised at once. It was her father's; she had some specimens of his handwriting in her trunk upstairs. She pioked up the paper and looked at it curiously for a minute or two, then laid it down, with a white, shocked face, for it seemed to her as if this were certain proof of Mr. Apsley's guilt. It was a letter of her father's dated from the night in which he found the gold, written to an old chum of his, telling him of the discovery of gold, and asking him to come out and see the place for himself, and give his opinion on the value of the nuggets. "They are stowed away safely in my big chest " said the letter, and there stopped short, for old man Ridge had left the comple tion of it for that morrow that never dawned for him. What a tumult of thoughts rushed through Sissy's poor little bewildered brain in the first few moments after she had read her father's letter. This man, whom she had reverenced so and considered as her greatest benefactor, had robbed her dead father, and lived on the stolen money. Of the loss to herself Sissy did not think much, she did not oare for that, bat it grieved and shooked her so to find out that she had been so deceived. She wondered whether Mrs. Apsley had known, dear Mrs. Apsley, who had seemed kindness and goodness personified, and Jack—but no, Jack never could have known; he would never have consented to such deceit and robbery. She could not stay there, she made up her mind presently, she would go away at once— that very night—to Brisbane. In that big city she would find work to do, and she had some money to start with; Mrs. Apsley had* always kept her well supplied with pocket money. The poor child was in a harry to get away at once, she hardly knew why or how, so she put together all the things she might need, and packed them, with her well-filled pone, into a small portmanteau. Her pony had not been unsaddled, so she mounted again and rode off, unobserved, to the station. But before she went she penned three short notes. The first was to Jim, telling him that his suspicions were correct, and urging him to say nothing of the matter; bidding him good- bye, and promising to write to him if she needed any thing. The second to Mr. Apsley, telling him of the disoovery she had made; " I forgive you truly," Sissy wrote, "and thank you for all your kindness to me, but, knowing what I know, I have nothing to say now but' good-bye.' " Tho' third note wa9 to Jack—an incoherent little epistle, full of love and tenderness and sorrow, in spite of the blots and mistakes and teardrops on the paper. It would take a long time1 to tell how astonished they all were when Sissy's flight was discovered—how Mr. Apsley and Jack and Jim held a solemn council of-three, and Jack learned for the first time how his father came by the wealth which started him on the road to prosperity. Mr. Apsley told the'others the whole story, and seemed so broken down by remorse that Jim, who was inolined to be over stern at first, waß quite touched. " I found the old man's letter when I came to the cottage the day after he died," he explained; " and then I found the nuggets, and ! sold^them in Brisbane. They didn't amount to | a fortune, but they brought enough to start me ahead, and I soon added to what I got. My taking oare of Sissy seemed a sort of compen sation for keeping her money, but I always felt it wasn't right, and I meant to pay it baok some time. I can do it now when we find Sissy." " She was a silly child to go and run away like that," said Jim, " but she can't have flown far. We'll find her and bring her back directly." " We must search for her till we do," said . Jack determinedly. But though they searched unremittingly for six whole months they found no trace of her, and Mr. Apsley, whose health had been failing for some time, rapidly got worse, and at last he died, so Jack and Jim were left to carry on the search alone. Meanwhile, away in Brisbane, Sissy was striving by hard work to keep out memories of the past. Bat she grew sadder and lonelier day by day, and as time wore on her thoughts became softer and more forgiving, and she longed intensely for her old home. Had she not been harsh and unforgiving with Mr. Apsley, and perhaps unreasonable ? she began to think. Was it true forgiveness to go away without giving him a ohanoe to say he was sorry for his fault ? And Jack—was it right she should leave Jack, who had loved her so muob, and who was now, perhaps, anxiously searohing for her, and lonely and miserable without her ? At last, when some months had passed in this way, Sissy could stand it no longer, and she resolved to go and take a look at the old house, unobserved by any one, and then go back again directly; one look at the old familiar place would comfort her, she thought, and make her loneliness less keen. It was late in the afternoon when Sissy alighted at the little wayside station, and the setting sun poured in a flood of golden glory over the road as Sissy walked along with quick eager step, her heart throbbing with delight at each familiar landmark. At last she reached a bend in the road from which she could get a view of the old homestead lying amid grqf n sloping hills, with the scrub-covered ranges and winding creek in the background. Leaning against a rough tree-trunk she stood and gazed at it t the tears filling her eyes, and tender remorseful thoughts busy at her heart. For a long time she stood there, until the sky behind the gloomy hills had changed from glowing red to gray; then suddenly she heard a footstep behind her, and, turning, faced Jack. " Sissy!" So muoh of love and delight and tender reproach in the simple little word. •' Oh, Jack, Jack 1" Sissy put both her hands into his. " Oh, Jack! I have been so hard, and unforgiving, and oruel, and silly, and " but Jack stopped the torrent of adjectives by drawing her to him and gently kissing the up turned eager face. " Hush, darling, it is all past now," he said tenderly, " and you will never leave us again, will you ? Emmy need 9 you, and so does Jim, and Ido more than anybody; you surely don't want to go away again ?" " No, indeed," said Sissy; " I want to go and see your father, and tell him I forgive him, and ask him to let me stay with him and take care of him all the rest of his days." "You can't now, Sissy," answered Jack softly, and as they walked home together he told her of his father's death, and of his remorse for his error. "It was wicked of me to be so hard," said Sissy sorrowfully; " I said I forgave him, but I had nothing to forgive, but everything to be thankful for. How I wish I could tell him so now!" "Perhaps he knows, dear," Jack answered her as together they passed in at the gate of the homestead and Emmy came, wondering, to meet them and bid Sis3y " welcome home." Ridge's Flat is deserted now, for old Jim lives over at the Apsley homestead, and Mr., and Mrs. Apsley (for our little Sissy is Jack's wife now) are happy as they can be üßing the wealth Jack's father amassed, and old man Ridge laid the foundation for, in making other lives beauti ful and happy. [the end.] The Rev. George Martin writes to the S. M. Herald: —"Inobserving the planet Venus on thfrevening of the 12th iustant just after sunset, with a 4in. Grubb equatorial, I was surprised to find a comet in the same telescopic field with the planet. I thought at first that it mast be a ghost, or some flaw in the glass; bat on turn* ing the telescope on to the doable star Antares I found things all right, and the little com panion to the star quite distinct. On reob -Bernng the planet with various powers the comet was a fine objeot. In relation to the planet the nucleus was south, following, and the tail spread out in a fan-like curve, in part enveloping the planet but in nowise detracting from its brilliancy. For a few moments to the naked eye the planet was involved in a distinct nebulosity, though no clouds were in the eky near the planet." 