? Hip ? W eapons of lystery. CHAPTER XVII. USING THE ENEMY'S WEAPONS. An idea flashed into my mind ! \- ? . Mad, mad, I must hare been, never to have thought of it before. Ten days ! Only ten days ! But much might be done even yet. I rushed awav. and frnt, into St. James's Park. and there, in comparative quietness, I began to think. The clouds began to dispel, the diffi culties began to move away. Surely I had hit upon a plan at last, a plan on which I should have thought at the out sot. I walked on towards Westminster Abbey, still working out my newly con ceived idea, and when there jumped into a cab. Yes, I remembered the address, for I had seen it only the day before, so I told the cabman to drive to ? street, Chelsea. I was right. There on the door was the name oE the man I had hoped to find — Professor Von Virchow. I paid the cabman, and knocked at the door with a beating heart. A sallow-faced girl opened the door, and asked my business. Was Professor Virchow at home 7 Yes, he was at home, but would be en gaged for the next quarter of an hour ; after that, he could see me on business ' connected with his profession. 1 I .was accordingly ushered into a musty room, which sadly wanted light and air. The quarter of an hour dragged slowly away, when the sallow-faced girl again appeared, saying that Professor Yon Virchow would be pleased to see me. I followed her into an apartment that ?was' fitted up like a doctor's consulting room. Here I found the mau I had come to see. He was a little man, five feet four inches high. He had, however, a big head, a prominent forehead, and keen gray eyes. He wore gold-rimmed spec tacles, and was evidently well fed and on good terms with himself. ' You are a professor of mesmerism and clairvoyance, I believe 7' I began. ' That is my profession,' said the little man, stiffly. ?Then I am in hopes that you may be able to help me in my difficulty.' 'I shall be pleased to help you,' he ? said, still stiffly. ' Can yon,' I went on, ' tell the where abouts of a man whom I may describe to you.' . 'That is very vague,' was the reply. ? Your description may be incorrect, or a hundred men might answer to it. I would promise nothing under such con ditions.' ' Perhaps I had better toll my story,' I said. 'if':.. ' I think you had,' said the little pro fessor, quietly. On the 2nd of January of the present . year,' I said, ' a man disappeared in the night from a place in Yorkshire. He is an Egyptain, and easily distinguished. x A great deal depends oh finding him at ; - once. Ever since May, endeavors have S' ; been made to track him, but without :p v.;. success.' j - 'Perhaps he is dead,' \said the pro . fessor. 'Perhaps so; but even then it is im portant to know. Can you help me to v find out his whereabouts ?' s ' Undoubtedly I can ; but I must have a good photograph of him. Have you one 7' , 'Ihavonot.' ' - ' Could you obtain one V . \- ' I think not,' V, ' But this man has been seen by many £ people. Could not some one who knows him, sketch a faithfnl likeness from memory?' ' 'I did not know of any one.' : ' Then I could not guarantee to find him. You see, I cannot work miracles. I can only work through certain laws ' which I have been fortunate enough either to recognize or discover ; but there must ever be some data upon which to go, and you see, you give none that is .in the least satisfactory.' ' Perhaps you can,' I said, ' If I re late to you all the circumstances connec ted with what is, I think, a somewhat remarkable story.' I had determined to tell this littlo man every circumstanco which might lead to Kaffar's discovery, especially those which happened in Yorkshire. It scorned my only resource, and I felt that Bomeliow something would come of it. I therefore briefly related what I have written in this story. ' That man who mesmerized you is vory clever,' said the professor quietly, when I had finished. ' It was very un fortunate for you that you should have matched yourself with such a one. His plot was well worked out in every respect. Ho only made a mistake in one thing.' ' And that ?' 'Ho thought it impossible that you should ever be freed from his power without his consent. Still it was a well planned affair. The story, the ghost, 'the quarrel — it was well done.' 'I fail to see what part the ghost had ' in the matter,' I said. Tho professor smiled. ' No ?' ho said. 'Well, I should not think it was n vital part of his plan, but it was help ful. He calculated upon tho young lady's superstitious fancies. Ho knew what tho particular form in which tho ghost appeared portended, and it fitted in with his scheme of murder. Eviddhtly ho wanted tho young lady to believo in your guilt, and thus give him greater chauco of success. Ah, ho is a clovei man.' « But,' 1 asked anxiously, ' can you tell mo Kaffar's whereabouts now ?' ' No, I cannot — that is, not to-day.' When, then ?' ' I may not bo able to do so at all. It all depends on one man.' ' Who is ho 7' , ' Simon Slowdon, I think you called liiui.' ' Simon Slowden ! How can he heip | us V J ' Evidently he is susceptible to mes meric influences, and lie knows the man you wish to find. Bnt the difficulty lies here. Is ho sufficiently susceptible 7' ' Is that the only hope ?-| ' All I can sec at present. I was going to suggest that you be thrown into a mesmeric sleep ; but you could not bo depended on. The experiences which you have had would make you very un certain.' ' Then your advice is ? ?' ' Send for this man at once. He fails — well, I have another alternative.' ' May I know what 7' 'No, not now.' ' A nswer mo this. Do y.ciu think I killed Knffar, the Egyptian 7' ' No, I do not ; but your enemy in tended you should.' ® ' Why did I not, then 7' ' Because the Egyptian also possessed a mesmerist's power, and hindered you. At any rate, such is my opinion. I am not sure ;' and the little man looked very wise. ' Expect us early to-morrow morning,' I said, and then went away to tho nearest telegraph office, with a lighter heart than I had known for many long months. The little professor had given me some hope. The matter was still enshrouded in mystery, but still I thought I had found a possible solu tion. ' Send Simon Slowdon to me at once,' I telegraphed. ' Extremely important. Wire back immediately the time I may expect him,' Anxiously I waited for an answer. Although the message was flashed with lightning speed, it seemed a long time in coming. At length it came, and I read as follows : — ' Slowden will come by train leav ing Leeds 11.38. Meet him at St. Pancras.' I immediately caught a cab and drove to Gower-street, and, on looking at my time-table, I found that the train men tioned in the telegram arrived in Lon don at 5.15. This would do splendidly. I could get Simon to my room and give him some breakfast; and then, after a little rest, drive direct to the profes sor's, I need not say I was early at. St. Pancras the followingj'morning. I had scarcely slept through the night, and anxiously awaited the appearance of the train. It swept into tho station in good , time, and, to my great relief and de light, I saw Simon appear on the plat form, looking as stolid and impertur bable as ever. We were not long in reaching Gower street, where Simon enjoyed a good breakfast, after which we drew up our chairs before the cheerful fire and began to talk. ' Did you have a good journey, Simon 7' I asked. «. ' Slept like the seven sleepers of the patriarch, sir, all tho way from Leeds.' ' (To be Continued). 