BiVER.' vdtrahWlf. E. BRADDON, " Author op " Lady Audley's. Secret," ;'The . Venetians, or All in Honor," " Aurora Floyd, "&o.; - CorrmoHTEb, by Tillotson and Son. Chapter XI, (Continued). — Wiiere the Cold Sea Raves. . r . ' , , Mr, Colfox and Allegra met again in the draw- lhgfooiii of tho Angler's Nest. 'at a quarter to. eight.. He was.the first to arrive, and Isola had not yet appeared. Martin Disney was at bis post In front of the library fireplace, library and draw-' ingroom making , one spacious room, lighted witli wax candles hero and thore, and with one largo shaded lamp on' a table near the piano. Isola bad hoen suffering from headache, and had been- late in dressing. Captain Hulbert had bean in 'the room nearly ten minutes before Mb hostess appeared, looking polo and ill in hor blaok laoe dinner gown, ana with an nnxious'expression in her eyes.. He bad been introduced to. Allegro, arid whs talking to her as if he had known her for years, .when, Mr attention .'wqs palled off by Isola's appearance, And his introduction to her. ' . Was this Martin Disney's, wife,' he thouglit wpndorlngly— Buoh a girlish, fragile creature — so unlike the woman ho had piotured, to, him- self. Strange that Lostwithiel should not have told him of her delicato prettiness, seeing that he, was a connoisseur in beauty, and hyper- critieal. " , " This is just tho kind of beauty lie woold admire," thought Hulbert, "something ontot the common — a pale, spiritual beauty— not dependent upon ooloring, oreven upon regularity of feature— the kind of thing ono calls soul, not having a bettor namo for it." ' . Tlioy went into dinnor prosontly, Cnptam Hulbert and Isola, Mr. Colfoxnnd Allegra. llio tablo was a small oval, at whioh five pooplo made a. mug little party. There were feathery white chrysanthemums,. relieved by a oheerful glow of colored Venetian glass, delioatest pink and ade green, under tho light of a hanging moderator lamp. John Hulbert looked round him witli a pleasod expression, taking in the flowers, the gloss, tho ilelioate cream white china, the lamp light, everything ; nnd then the two fair young faces, 'ono pnlo and pensive, the. other aglow with the delight of life, eagerly expeetant of now ideas. Tlioy talked.of the Vendetta and the plaoes at which sho had touched lately. Captain Hul bert had spent his summer on tho Eastern Ligurio, between Lcrici and Civita Vecohia. "Wasn't it the wrong time of year for Italy ?" asked Mr. Colfor. "No, it is the season of seasons in the land of tho sun. If you want to enjoy a southern aountry, go there in the summer. . The south is made lor summer, her houses aro built for hot weather, her streets are planned for shade in midsummer ; ber wines, her food, her manners and customs have all been made for summer time— not for winter. If you want to know Italy at hor worst go tliero in cold weather." ', 'Where did you leavo Lord Lostwithiel ?" Disney asked prosontly. " I left hiiri nowhere. He left mo to rove about Southern Europe — left mo on his way to Carintlila. Ho is liko the Wandering Jo w. He 'used to be mad about yachting ; but he got sick of the Vendetta rill of a sudden, and handed hor over to me. Very gonerons on his part ; but the boat is something of a white elephant for a man of my small means. I wanted him to sell her. Wouldn't liorir of it. To let her. Not to bo thought of. ' I'll lend her to you,' lie said, 'arid you shall keep hor as long as you like— sink her, if you like— so.long as you don't go down iu her. Slid is riot a lucky boat.' " . "Have you sailed her long?" Nearly a year, and l love bcr as it sue wero bone of my bone, arid flesh of my flesh. Let us all go for ri sail to-morrow, Mi-s. Disney— to Mevagissey or thereabouts. We could do a little fishing. It will bo capital fun. What da you say. Miss Lelarid ?" -. "I should adore it," said Allegra, beaming at him. . " The sea is my passion— and I think it is Mrs.: Disney's passion too. Yo are a kind of amrihibious'creaturos, living moro on water than on land. Wo venture as far as wo daro in a row boat— but oh, that is suoli a little way.". ' " I'm afraid sometimes you will vonturcso far that you won't be able to get back again, and will find yourselves' drifting away to America," sriid her brother. Isola answered nover ; a word, until Captain Hulbert addressed her pointedly for the second timet " Will you go, Mrs. Disney— may we make, up tho party ?" . ' "I would rather not," she answered, without looking at him. "Butwhyriot. Are you .'such a bridsailor— t in spite of all'Miss Leiand says of you ?" "I am a pretty good sailor in rirpw boat— but not in a yacht. And.I bate fishing— such a slow, weary. buisncss. I would rather. not go.".. . : " I am so sorry ; but you must not be worried about it," said Hulbert kindly, seeing the Erowing distress in her countenance. "We will not go in , for fishing— or excursions— but you and Miss Leiand will at least coma to after noon toa on the Vondotta— to afternoon tea in tho harbor. There used to boa oomio song when I was a boy— Come and Drink Toa in the Arbor. You must come to the arbor with ari aspirate. It is not so rustic or sentimental — but there will bo no earwigs or creeping things to drop into your tea oup. Mr. Colfox, you will, comb, won't you?" "I, shall be. delighted," answered the curate. "I have. a sneaking kindness for all yachts." The conversation drifted back to Lostwithiel arid his works and ways, presently. , When he. went homo three years, ago he gave me to understand' he was going to. settle down' at tho Mount; and: lead a quiet Ufa for the rest ««» M»jra, ( oaiu xiUKICrS xeC,. three months'. after, ho and his yriolit were off again like the Flying Dutchman,' and the next I heard of- him was at Leghorn, and six months later ho was chatting off Algiers and Tangier; and the following spring ho was in South Amorioa; and the Vendetta was laid up at Marseilles, , whore ho begged mo to go and look after lief, and tako.'lior to myself until suoli time as he should want her again. I was with him for a- few. days at Leghorn, .wliero ho seemed ill arid out of, spirits. I ; don't think you can have used. 'him over, well in this part of the world, MrB.,Disney," he added, half in jest "I faiioy' soine 'of yori must have snubbed him severely, or his tenants must have .worried him by their complaints and oxaolibns. I could not get him to talk about hia life at' the Mount. He soemed.to havo -taken a disgust : for the old home."., , "Yo'n' must put that down' to his roving', temper," said-Disnoy, ." for although I was away' at the time, loan answer for it there was no snob tiling as snubbing in the' case. Your brother is tho only peer in these parts, and from the way. people talk about him he might be the' only peer In Great Britain— the Alpha and Omega of Ti/infftfl; nmi'nii'tiunnii tMtir.1. nr.. rt.: n w.ul«,,v.iwin.(Snuuv, iiir. urowener. talked of him ono night with a slavish rapture whioh mado me Biok. I am a Tory by associa tion and instinot,: but I can't stand tho vul garian's .worship, of a lord." Isola .'looked at her sister-in-law, and they both rose at this, moment, the Churoh almost tumbling over the Navy in eagerness to open the door, Navy winning by a neck. They wore not long alone in the ilrawingroom, not more than tho space of asinglo oigaretto, before tho mori followed. Then oamo muaio and a good deal of talk, in tho long, low spacious room, which looked so bright and homely by, candle light, with all its tokons of uomestio nuuintellcctunl life. : _ B f'P'A111 d««k this is, 'I cried iJohn.Hulbort, after pacing up and down while ho listened, and talked and laughed at Allecra'a little jokes about tho narrowness of village life " It is delightful to stretch one's legs in such ri room as this after six months iltvm an 6(11.. I yacht? ... . . 1 " '"P, aB®«gh to stretch your legs at.the Mount," said Disney, Captain Hulbert bad announced hia inieritioii of .spending a week or two under the family roof tree while the- Vendetta underwent some alight repairs and renovations. Room enough and to spare," lie said. "I shan't feel half so jovial walking up and down those grim old roomB as I feel here. I shaU fanny a ghost paoing behind me, oliimp, olumo. olumpra slow, solemn footstep- only tho eolii of my own twad. :perhans ; but I fiover know, forTshail be afraid to look round " .not to make - sport ; of weak people's foiicies, for I am sure you diin't believe m ' .fllera, leaning with ono elbow on,. the... piano,, turning ; over pieces of muaio absently, a ,grafloui..figure.;Ui a' sage gieon velvet gown, cut just low enough to show the fine ourves . of a full, round throat, white and smooth as ivory. , . .- : "Not belie ve in ghosts? Did you ever know a sailor who wasn't suporatitious ? \Vo are too often alone with the sea arid the stars to bo quite free from speotfal faneios, Miss, Leiand. l oan boo in your eyes : as you look at mo this moment that you beliovo in ghosts— beliovo and tremble.; Tell me now, candidly— When do you most fear them ; at what hour of the day. or night docs the unreal seem . nearest. , to you?".' ... . : ' "I don't know,'! she faltered, turning over tho loose musio with a faintly tremulous gesture while Isola sat by tho piano, touohing the. notes dumbly now and then. " Is it ot midnight— un the glooming— in tho chill, mysterious dawn? You won't answer ! Shall I guess? If you are like me,,, it is in bread daylight — bctwocn two and three in the afternoon — when .the. servants- ate. all : idling after their dinner, nnd, .the house .. is silent.: You are alone; in a . big, bright room, perhaps with another: room, opening out of .it, . and a door a , long . way off. You sit writing.;at your table, and you feel all at once that the room is. haunted. ' There must be something or someone stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. Vou go to the window and look out into garden or stroot —for a town houso may bo just as ghastly as a country one— and then with a great effort you turn slowly round and face your torror, in the. broad, garish Bunljght, in the. business hours of tho day. There is nothing there, of course, but the fcolirig has not beori tho less vivid. I-know I shall be spectre haunted at the Mount. Yon must all oome and scare away tho shadows. Mr. Colfox, aro you fond of billiards?" " I own to a liking for tho game. . I play with Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter when ever I dine at Glenaverll., . Alieia is a very fine player, for a girl, and hor. father plays a . good game.", '.'Then' you will oome up to tho Mount two or throe times a week and playAvith me, I hope. There's n fine Thurston table in tho hall. It may bo a little out of order, but we must make, the host of it— and.thera'8 plenty of sound claret in the collars, to say nothing of a keg or two of Schiedam that I sent homo from the' Hague." "Mr. Colfox will not make muoh. impression either, on your claret or your solinapps," said Disney, laughing. " Ho is almost as temperate ns one ot those terrible anchorites in the novol wo were reading the other day — Tloiiio Slim," "I nm glad you putin a qualifying 'almost,' ," said tho curate, "for I hope to tasto Captain Hnlbert's Sehiedam." The eaptain expat'ntod upon what his .three new friends — and his one old friend, Martin I Disney — were to do to ohecr him in his solitude at the Mount. "There is nothing of the anchorite about me," ho snid. "I lovo society, I love lifo and move ment, I love bright faces." . He would not leave until tlioy had all promised to tako tea on board.the ynoht.ou the following afternoon, an engagement whioh was kept by Allegra and the colonel, but not by Isola, whose hoadaeho was worse after the little dinner party, nor by the ourate, who had parish busi ness, to detain him on shore. Chapter XIL— "Under the Pine Wood, Blind With Boughs." , If Isola had any disinclination to visit Captain Hulbert's yacht, her headache only served to defertlie evil day, for after that. first tea drinking came other invitations and other arrangeirients, fishing parties, Iunoheons off Mevagissey, enter tainments in whioh Isola must needs shnro when she saw her liusliBnd and his sister bent ' upon the enjoyment of tho honr, delighted with tho Vendetta and her warm hearted skipper. Thoy wore not John Hulbert's only friends in the neighborhood. Everybody scorned glad to wolcome tiio rover to hia native village., Almost everybody had known him in his boyhood ; and there was a general concensus of opinion that he was a much better fellow than his brother. He was less oourted ; bat he was better, liked.; There had been a touch of cynicism about Lost withiel whioh frightened matter of fact aountry. pooplo. " One oould riever.fool sure he wasn't laughing in his sleeve at our rustio ignorauoe," said Mrs. Baynliam.' . "I am. more at iny ease with Captain Hulbert." So the bright Indian summer of Oetobor— a Cornish October— passed in pleasant idlings on a stormless son, The equinootial gales- had not ncgun to rage yet. There was a lull before the coming of the great winds which were to blow good ships on shore, and startle sleepers , in the dead of night. All now was fair and placid— sunlit waters, golden evenings, i Tlioy apentone bright, balmy day. off Mevagissey, a day whioh was like a long dream, to Isola, as alio sat on deok on a low folding chair, wrapped in ri great feathery rug from.the South Sea Islands,' with her .languid . head, reclining against, a plush covered cushion, one of. the many , effeminate luxuries whioh nboundod iu the oabin .below. Everybody . elso , was intent upon the -nets. Everybody elso was full of interest and move ment and expectation ; but sho sat apart from all, with her ivory; knitting pins lying idlo in her lap, amidst a soft little mass of white wool, ;which industry was to oonrort into a garment for, the baby. . ; -.i ; AUegra was enraptured with tho yaoht. Sho would fain havo taken Isola down to tho cabins below, to explore their wonders of luxury and contrivance, so much comfort and elegance in so restrioted an area ; hut Isola refused to leave tho deok. "I hate all .cabins, " she said, "They aro always suffocatingly hot." ho Blre. Baynliam went below with Allegro, and the two explored tho two prinoipal cabins with wondering admiration, and oven -peeped ill the cooking house, and the odd little: places where steward and sailors contrived to bestow themsolves. Tho ohief cabin, saloon, or whatovor one liked to call it, was as daintly . decorated as. a lady's boudoir. There wore nests of riohly bound books. Oriental brohzos, and all kinds of conti nental pottery, . Japanese and Indinn . embroi deries, Venetian mirrors, quaint little satin wood oupboards for wine or cigars. Every nioho waB utilised. , "IVbat a delicious drawing-room," cried Allegra. "I could live horo all my-life. Fauoy, how delightful. A floating life. No such thing as satiety.- Ono might open one's pyes every morning on afresh ooast, glorified, as one sees it, aoross tho bright, blue wator. To explore- .the Mediterranean, for instance, : floating - from oity to oily— sue Cities ot tiio past, , the oities of tho Gospel, the shores that wero trodden by tlio foet of. St Foul and his companions— the oities of the Christian saints and martyrs, tho island birth plaoes of Greek gods and heroos. . Think. Mra, Baynham, a yaoht like this Is a master koy £o open all the gateways of tho world."- "I would rathorhayemy ownoosy little oottagb on terra firma," answorod tho doctor's wife, . in a mattor-of-faot mood ; but this speooh of Allegro's sot the good lady pondering upon the possibility of John Hulbert falling in lovo with this bright, olcver girl, arid making hor mistress of his r, -?.ra Wl1" , Hor fridridly farioy depiotcd tho village wedding, arid thoso two' going, forth over the great waters to spond tlioir honeymoon amidst the wonder: world of th'o Mediterranean, wlucb the, banker's" daughter knew'ouly in, lier utlns.' . ' '.' ; v .'! "Ho can't bo rioli,"'sh'o 'thought,, "hut' ho must havo a decent income. I know his motlior had money, and-Allegra can earn a good deal by hor painting. Wo ought atl to do our boat to bring it about. A girl haa so few chances in suoh a placo as Trclaspo.. She might almost as wo U bo in A convent." Mrs. Baynham was at heart a match makor like most motheriy women whom fate lias loft ohildless. Sho was very fond of Allogro, who wns so muoh brighter and moro companionab o tban Isola, so muoh moro responsive to kindness and affeotion. As sho sat on deok in the wester, ng sunlight, somowhat oomatoso after a eonious Mrs. BaynhamA idea of helping Allegro took the form of a dinnor party whioh sho had long been meditating, hor modest rotiirn for numerous dinners whioh she hud oaten at Gleuaveril and ut the.Anglor's Neat. She con sidered that threo or four times a year it behoved hor to make a serious effort in the way of hosni- tality— a substantial and elaborate' dinnor in .which nothing in season should bs spared and whioh should bo served with nil due corem'nnv Tho time was ntlinnd when suoh a dinner would in a manner fall due, and she determined to hasten tho day- with ri view to Allegro's in. torests. "Captain Hulbert is sure to bo off again be fore long," sho told herself, so every evening tlioy oan spend together is of importance. I'm suro lie admires her already. " : There was not much doubt about 'his feelings as lie stood by Allegro iu the stern, directing tiio movements' of her baro aotive bands while she hauled in tho not; not muoh doubt that he was ns deep in lovo as a man woll onn bo after a fort night's acquaintance. : Ho did riot mako any sooretof his bondage, 'hut let liis eyes tell all tiio world that this girl was for him "tho world's one woman."': Tho invitation from Mrs. Baynham was fle- livered by post next morning, us ceremonious u.oard ns if the plnco wero Mayfair, and tho invitor nnd invitees had not mot sinco last season— a oopper plato card with tho names and address filled in by tho lndy's pen, an economy which distinguished hor modest invitation from tho Glonnvoril cards, - of which there wero a variety, for at homes, tennis, dinner, lunohoon, toneeept nnd to dcolinV A fortnight's notico marked the dignity of the occasion— the hour the orthodox 7.45. _ " IVo can't refuse, IhoIo," said Disney, when his wifo handed him the card, "although my past experience assures me tlint tho evoningwill .do a trillo Heavy. Wriy will people in small houses insist: upon giving dinner parties, instead of hnving their friends in. instalments? When wo go to dine with the Baynhams wo go for lovo of tliom, not the people they bring together ; and yet they insist upon seating 12 in a room that will just comfortably hold 8. It is ail vanity and confusion of spirit." " But Mrs. Baynham is so happy when she is giving a real dinner party. I don't think we can' refuse, enn we, Allogro ?" asked Isoln. "Mrs. Bnynhnmi is a darling, and I wouldn't vex her for worlds;" replied her siator-in-Inw. " And in a plnce like this one can't pretend a prior engagement, rimless It were in the moon." The invitation was accepted forthwith, and when Captain Hulbert dropped in at tea time it was discovered that he, too, had been asked, and that' lio -'meant to-acoept,. if his friends at tho Anglor's Ncst woro to be thoro. ..tore CONTINUED.) 