PALACE, MONASTERY, AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It is a pleasure, if a rather melan , choly one, to find in " Harper" a posthumous paper by the late Mr. Theodore Child. It is a brilliant i description of the Escurial, thatsingu i lar and grandiose monument of the former might, and magnificence of the I bpanish kings. One of the most attractive items in an excellent num ber of tills charming magazine, it is as vivid and delicate as most things Mr. Chiid wrote. MEI1ANCHOI1Y IMMENSITY. The first impression made by the Escurial is its immensity, and the last its melancholy. There is no getting away from the place. It nearly fills the little town of Escurial, for natur ally a monument built in the shape of a gridiron to recall the instrument of torture on which St. Laurence suffered martyrdom is rather straggling. The immensity of it takes your breath away ; it is not a palace, but a, Cyclopean town ; and although the sua may be shining brilliantly, it looks sad and funereal with its gray walls picked out with staring joints of white mortar, its leaden roofs, its granite paved surroundings, its volcanic aspect. This impression of something burned, blasted, plufonian, of somethiug that has parsed through raging fire, struck me time after time as I looked upon the structure. ]STor is this idea of fire inappropriate. The palace-convent itself is built in the form of a gridiron turned upside down, and that in memory of the patron, Sau Lorenzo, who was broiled by "Valerian on a slow fire, and, according to Prudentius, bore his martyrdom with coolness and e?er jocose ircny, for when ONE SIDE WAS ROASTED he had himself turned, and invited his cooks to try whether he tasted better underdone or well done. . . . The surface occupied by the edifice is 39,000 square metres; the exterior facades measure more than 800 metres and are pierced by fifteen doors and 1,128 windows; in the interior there are 16 courtyards, 86 staircases, 88 fountains, 9 towers, and 4,565 rooms; in the whole edifice there are more thau 10,000 windows and 2,000 doors, while the lobbies, cloisters, and. courtyards measure in length some 75 miles. THE GHOST OF PHILLIP. The Escurial is haunted by the ghost of its founder; the grim gloomy, fanatical Phillip II., who marl ried our own Queen Mary, and made of the Inquisition an unexampled engine of tyrannical power. He built the vast plaee as a monument to his father and himself; but, as the old Duke of Braganza said, "be who made such a great vow must have had a great fear." Mr. Child gives us a strik ing picture of Phillip's own quarters. "With a chill of mysterious terror you pass through a low door and find your self in a simple room, with a tSlbd floor and bare, white-washed walls, reLered at tLoir base by the usual bule and white tiles. The room is lighted by three small windows glazed with old rough glass, through which may be seen \ast landscapes of dark verd ure and grand mountain silhouettes which prove that the morose king wag not so ill-advised as some writers state when he chose the site of bis cloistered palace. This is the room where Phillip IT. lived in monastic simplicity and boasted that from the foot of his moun tain he GOVERNED THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW with tw o inches of paper. The carpet of matting interwoven with gold, and with the double-headed imperial eagle in red, is now bung up against the wall, and the red tiles of the floor are bare. Here is the table where Phillip used to sit and annotate State papers; here are his portfolio, his inkstand, his set of pigeon-holes; here is the smaller table of bis secretary, Antonio Perez ; here is a miserable armchair studded with brass nails, and with a leather back stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit ; and on these two stools, with their cushions of greenish-brown velvet-the one stool bearing still traces of red lacquer, the other of black wood bound with silver-His Majesty rested his ulcered legs. In the alcove to the right, the great monarch slept on a bed doubt less as VtXLflAB AND EVEN SORDID as the ehairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to the alcove is a dark oratory within walla of polished and panelled jasper. Touch a spring, the panels open and reveal the grand altar of the church, and on the opposite side in guilt bronze, the group of Charles V. KNEELING IN ETERNAL PRATER with the women of his house beside him. In this narrow oratory Phillip, in 1598, took to his bed suffering tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally like Job upon his dung-heap. Through these narrow openings in the jas.oer panels, with which the irreverend fingers of curious tourists now play, the monarch, worn out with care and sickness, peered with anxious eyes . as the priesfc celebrated mass amidst the splendor of the capilla mayor. Here, in this narrow, dark, and close corner, he died. An inscription on the wall records the graphic summary of his end : -" In this narrow chamber died Philiip II. when the world was too small to contain the son of Charles Y, fie lived so far from the earth that his soul alone was living ; of h:s body there remained but the shadow when he finished dying." THE MUMMY OP " GREAT CABOLUS." Aud now for the end of all the might aud splendor of a Spanish Hapsburg-the race who, for a brief space, held the major part of the world's wealth-not, as it turned, out, in fee, but on sufferance ; We descend into the royal tomb, or Pantheon, (or such is the term given by the Catholic Spaniards to a Chris tian, burial-place. This vault, placed exactly beneath the high altar of the church, is an octagon room 36ft. in diameter and 3Sft. high. Tou descend in to Ht by means of a staircase whose walls are lined with greeu-ancU yellow polished jasper. The walls of the Pantheon are of polished marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna mented with gilt bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artists after the death of Phillip IT. As an inscription informs us, the founder of the Escurial built only a simple vault. Phillip III. began the present gorgeous structure in 1617; Phillip IV, completed it, and MOVED Hf THE KOYAIi BODIES on the 17th March, 1651, after Diege de Velasquez had with his own hands fixed in its place the bronze crucifix by Pedro Tacca, which he had brought back from Italy. The octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelves, on each of which is a gray marble sarcophagus or urn of classical shape. On the left are the kings, and on the right the mothers . of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times. In 1654: Phillip IV. opened the urn con taining the remains of Charles V., and after looking awhile at the mum mified body, he said, laconically, to Luis de Haro, " Don Iaiis, cuerpo honrado." To which the Prime Minister replied, " Si, senor, muy honrado." Charles II. also opened THIS AUGUST SABCOFHAGTJS, which was again opened by Ferdi nand VII. after the French invasion, and once more in 1870, when the aspect of the mummy was carefully reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and photographs from this picture now enable curious tourists to carry away w ith them an authentic portrait of the corpse of the great emperor, whose features inspired so happily the bruBh of Titian and the chisel of the Leonjs. " Silent, empty, dear and useless; a prodigoas monument from which the soul has departed'1- that is Mr. Chili's summing up of this wonderful naonu nient. ?St. James's Budget, 