A Ghost Machine. I ' . — — THE I'RODUOTION OF SPIRIT v WRITING. Mr Stead is having a spirit-writing machine invented for Li m, (says t ho (Julholio Times). The invention works uiion the spirit-rapping and tiiblo- turu- ing principle, being a magnetised dial-, plate which communicates by wires with anew form of tv poiv liter. Tho modium places his hand '.ipnn tho dial, and tho "spirit" influences him to spoil out a message on tho Typewriter. \V"o rather imagino anypno will bo able to spell out messages quite as ivoll as tho medium. Often having hoard aluml spirits rap ping, and spirits playing upon pianos, wo would like to know what prevents tiie spirits playing or rapping direct upon tho ty po-writer, , and so delivering a printed Anossago from botwoen tho rolioi's. Tho Catholic Church lipids that tho ao-citllud "spiritualism" is cith'or doviltry or fraud, and it is a pity to sco mon liko Mr Stead allowing llicmsolves to be deceived. Ermu tho description jii tho papors, t ho now machine does not seoin to ho nearly so mysterious as the onco very celebrated- " plaiieliotte." l.'lanohoUo is a heart-shaped pieeo of hard wood supported at -tho base upon two delicately sot wheels, while a sharp pointed per.eil is pie soil through the tipcx. Oil placing it over a pieeo of smooth paper and pressing tho hand gently down upon it, it commences to travel with a jerky motion which causes tho pencil to mark characters looking into any- vory bail writing, and capablo of being interpreted accordingly. This' motion was supposed by enthusiasts to bo duo to " spirits " of. tlie thinner, kind, but it is really caused by 'tho nntural | t I'einulousnoss of tho many muscles in tho lingers and hand, together with iho blood-thrust of The pulsating vessels, whoso' power can bo easily' full; by tying a Hiring lightly round tho finger. The Abb6 line, in liis delightful " Travels in China, Tai'tary. and Thibet," lolls us of Buddhist priests who. had praying ma chines, which worked on tho handmill and windm.ll principles. Sailors tell us woird stories of " spooks calling spirits j from the vast;/ deep in the middle watch," hut hero are machines by which anyone can "spook " tit will, 