GENERAL NEWS. Work in the Legislative Council does OM promise to be unusually heavy this week. Thu afternoon Mr. Krichaufi will ask the Chief Secretary what amount has been realised from the stock tax once die increase of task year. The adjourned debate on tbe question of the recommittal of the Succession Duties Bill is to come on, and the committee of enquiry appointed to ascertain its effect on the revenue will bring on its report. On the report will depend the course the Council will take with regard to the measure. Mr. Kxichauff will continue the debate on the question of opening a wine depot'in London. There we five Bills on tbe notice- papers, bub it is hardly likely that they will all be touched. As usual there will be a rain of impromptu interrogations when tbe AfgemMy meets this afternoon,'and whsn that has ceased the formal questions will be answered. The first order of the day is the request for the approval of the House to tbe proposed exchange of land with the Hon. 6. C Hawker in the hundred of Hart. The Council har already sanctioned the bargain, but some weeki ago when the matter was nnder consideration bl the Assembly Mr. Grainger forced an adjourn ment co as to gain time to look up the con stitutional point as to whether the «ir?™nn. tion would involve an infraction of the Con traatota in Parliament Act. Now, at the request of die same member tbe item is in the pride of place on the notice-paper, bo that he may promptly unburden himapJl of his accumulated information. It will be remembered that the Attorney-General, who thought differently when a «imilq r ex change was negotiated with Mr. Angas, gave tbe opinion that in tbe present oaae there is no constitutional bar, while Mr. Hawker's solicitor concurs in this decision. This ques tion baring beau disposed of, what ib prao tically a second reading debate will be re | sumed in committee in respect to the village settlements scheme, which it is proposed by the Government to add as a new part to the Crown Lands Bill. The House will sit until 11 o'clock, but even should legislators be in a miraculously industrious mood'they will find plenty of work to occupy their attention ; for sixteen measures, half a dozen of which have baeu already passed by the Council, follow the Lauds BUI on the notice-paper, and then, to end all, corns the Estimates, It is not very likely, however, that an advance will be made beyond the Land Bill, because when village settlement has been decided upon there is Mr. McPherson's amendment substituting leasing for sale to be debated. Private members' day as usual shows a full and kaleidoscopic list of subjects. Mr. Cald well wants the State to ateiEt in the construc tion of a road from Uraidla to Forest Bange, while subsidies are asked for by Mr. Brookes to help in the exportation of fruit, and by Mr. Seberk to enable school children to learn swim ming. Then Mr. Cock desiresthe appointment of a council of three to enquire into the working of Boseworthy College, and Mr. Landeeer thinks a Local Court of lifnjtpfl jurisdiction should be proclaimed at Murray Bridge. Among the private measures to be debated are Mr. Grainger's Third Judge Amendment Bui, Sir John Downer's Landlord and Tenant Bill, three suggested enactmenta in the name of Mr. CaldweU, and the Chinese Immigration Bill introduced by Mr. Griffiths. On three of these the Attorney-General wfli give his views. The disputed boundary question, irtsrcolomal free-trade, the liquor traffic, the treatment of refractory ores, tonnage dues, and free education are among other subjects over which legislators will be abl9 to exercise their minds during the after noon. In the evening Government business trill be taken, and the House will sit until 11 o'clock, beginning again at 10.30 nest morn ine. The secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands has received the following letter from the Governmsnt Geologist (Mir. H. Y. L. Brown) dated from William Creek:—"Please inform the Hon. the Commissioner that Sprigga and I obtainad good prospects of gold (sufficient to warrant the locality being tried by diggers on the Peake Badges. Tbe gold is in & gravel and boulder drift and aUuvinm derived from ib There is a con siderable area of similar country extending along tbe range towards Algebuckuta, and the formation is much the same as at the latter place." The butter expert (Mr. E. G. B. Ebdy) left by the express yesterday afternoon for Mel bourne to enquire into the working of tbe butter export trade under the Victorias Act. He will interview the local expert (Mr. Wilson), who was recently in England, and gain all the in formation on the subject that he can during the present week. Mr. Ebdy had to examine 221\. cases of butter ttorcd in the cooling cham bers, and of these 192 were passed as first-class qualify. This represcnta 6tone 10 owt.ssdl qr. as stored and 4 tons 16 cwfc. as having been passed. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has re ceived from Mr. S. 6. Hubbe, hupeater of improvements and rabbite, a report en the trial at Morgan of Mr. Badge's patent for the destruction of rabbits, of which partioulaxa have already been given in our columns. Tbe report eoacladee thns: —"I have to report that I consider the process under consideration will prove of vary con siderable value daring the winter months, if properly administered, bnt that during the summer months, when green enccnlent food cannot be readily obtained by the rabbits, it will 'not compile eitherforeeonomyoreffidency with thesystemof poisoning by the oseoFsandalwood twigs and strychnine, which daring the past three summers has been followed with euch satis factory results. lam the more fully impressed with its value as a rabbit destroyer during the winter months, as it will remove the reason advanced by so many lessees and landholders that it is impossible to cope suoceeefully with the rabbit pest wbga the green feed is abundant, which is die very time it is most essential to do so, as it> is the few rabbits which escape the general poisoning during the sum mer shad remain and propagate their epeeies in favorable seasons." The "at home" at which Lord Kintore, Admiral Bowden-Smitb, and officers of the Australian Squadron will be present on Wednesday evening, is to be given by Dr. and Mrs. Charles Todd and not by Sir Charles and Lady Todd, as stated in Monday's Advertiser. The new rules of the Supreme Court include a provision freeing justices ol the peace from the necessity of paying a fee of half a guinea when they are sworn in, but this does not come into force until the end of next month. The concession is designed perhaps as a set-off against the loss of the Magistrate's Guides and the Government (fazcttti, which were once dis tributed gratuitously to amateur magistrates. Several justices who have recently taken the oath are still indebted to her Majesty in the cum named, far which they obtained credit at the time of going through the ceremony. The city fathers, catching the spirit of the times, are determined to show their prowes? on the cricket field, and have accordingly challenged the officers of the corporation to a friendly game, which will be played on the oval on Friday next. Practice commence* this afternoon, and from the survivors of this preliminary ordeal the council team will be selected. The city surveyor (Mr. J. H. C. Langdon) met with a painful accident on Monday morn ing. Mr. Langdcn, who has been suffering from fllhealth for some little time past, was standing near tbe fireplace in his office when a sudden fit of weakness canted him to fall, his head sinking the fender, inflicting a nasty wound which bled freely. Dr. Cawley was quickly in attendance, and the sufferer wan removed to his home, where he is now pro gressing favorably. During last week the Deputy Commissioner; of Taxes (Mr. L. S. Spfller) and the Land Tax Assessor (Mr. H. D. Gouge} visited Hen mari With a view of Bottling a number of appeals against the land tax assessment. There were about 30 appeals in connection with the township aOotmaote, and all were satisfactorily eettkd without As necessity of appealing to the Local Court. The visitors, who returned to the city on Saturday, describe the growth at Senmark as being marvellous during the past 12 months. The improvement was specially noticeable on block C, which is one of the last to be dealt with. A year ago only about five settlers bad their land under cultivation, but now there are between 20 and 30. Mr. Gouge saw several crops of wheat which were looking better than anything he had seen this year in any part of the colony. In consequence of the recent disclosures that have been made as to the number of black spots that exist in the vicinity of Hindley and Rosina streets the police have been makuu; a raid upon some of them, and as the result of a visit made by Detectives Jones and McKinnon to that locality early on Monday morning four men weie arrested in brothels. Xney were charged at the Polios Court on Monday morning with being idle and disorderly persons having no lawful visible means of support. James Farrell was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, while James Jones was given a chance of clearing tnti of the colony within a week, having as an alternative one month in gaoL Two ofchera gave evidence that they were warning an honest livelihood, and were given the benefit of doubts that existed as to the truth of the statement of themselves and their witnesses by being discharged with a At the Folios Court on Monday morning John Cooper, defended by Mr. W. V. Smith, appeared before the bench charged With assaulting T£mm* Wfllitt.mn in "Rnqjpq. street on October 11. For the defence Maud Wendon, stated in decisive terms that the prisoner was not guilty, and that she had had a row with the informant and gave her the "lovely black eye" with which she appeared in court. The bench found the prisoner guilty and fined him £2 6s. in aIL As soon as the verdict became known Wendon, who was sitting in the witness seats just behind the informant Williams, reached out and hit her on the back of the head with her fot She accompanied the blow with the words —" You cow, m give you more when Igetyou outside." Two constables immediately "?"ght hold of the offender against the dignity of the Police Court, but she got one hand free and made another rush at Williams. This attempt, however, proved futfle, and she was bundled towards the dock. On the way thither she ehook herself free, ana with a defiant air said— " m go without anyone pushing me." Sh e was charged with the offence and sentenced to two months' imprisonment. When being escorted out of the court she turned round, and as a parting shot said—" When I get ont HI go for her again." Mr. Tretheway, the storekeeper at Kangaroo Island who had been arrested under insane tions from the Commissioner of Police, arrived at Port Adelaide as a passenger by the steamer James Connie on Monday evening. Mr. Tre theway, it is alleged, committed a misde meanor by placing a loaded gun in such a posi tion in his store at Hog Bay that when the lad Lyall, now in die Adelaide Hospital, attempted to break in -for the stated purpose of stealing fruit the charge exploded, and in flicted severe injuries upon him. Mr. Trethe way travelled under the surveillance of Trooper Whittle. He will be charged at the Adelaide Police Court to-day. The South Australian Horticultural and Floriculture! Society hold their first flower chow of the season in the Town Hall on Thurs day next. His Excellency the Governor, Admiral Bowden-Smitb, and the officers of the squadron have signified their intention of being present in the afternoon. Among the special prizes a lady offers one for the beat collection of six vegetables and a salad, which are to be judged for their orisp and tender qualities and not for size. This is a matter worth the attention of gardeners and others. Mr. C. M. Muirhead has just received the following telegram from Messrs. Blake and Riggall, solicitors, Melbourne:—"Federal application postponed until report of some independent person as to position of bank supplied to judge." M.C. Fhetan, stationed at Morgan, has for warded the following telegram from Morgan under date of October 16: —"Body, supposed to be Thomas NoUe, fisherman, found. When last seen fortnight ago was camped at Boggy Flat with William Edwards. Since then neither of them have been seen. Letter for both of them at post-office here from Daw, AfMnirt", not called for since Sep tember 7. About fortnight ago fisherman named Alfred Bilcher had row with Noble re stealing his dog. Wired Overland Corner and Blanchetown. Sent Watson to Boggy Flat, enquiring all along river. Dr. Filge coming Morgan to-night for post mortem." In response to numerous requests, and in order to accommodate their patrons as far as possible, Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove announce that the box-plan for the 10 nights of tbe Italian opera season will be opened at J'vshall & Son's music warehouse to-morrow jnoraing at 10 o'clock, bo thai tbe public za?y baabje to mooes seats for tbe season, aa tbe performances announced are positively the only ones that can be given in Adelaide. Mr. hL Adams has been selected to fill the office of bailiff at Port Adelaide rendered vacant through tbe death of Mr. J. Carson, until an official appointment has been made. On occasions when the late Mr. Carson was absent Mr. Adams performed the bailiffs duties. The Orient liner B.M.S. Ophir left Albany at noon on Saturday, and is expected to arrive at Largs Bay at noon to- day. Thursday is the anniversary of the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte at the Battle of Leipzig in 1813, and to mark the occasion the pro prietors of the Cyolorama of the Battle of Waterloo have arranged to give to each visitor on that day a well-executed copy of the "crisp photo" process of tbe historical picture of "Napoleon on board the Bellerophon" on his way to St. Helena. It was just a hundred years yesterday since Marie Antoinette, Queen of France, was led to tiie guillotine. She was bom on November 2, 1755, the day of the terrible earthquake which devastated Lisbon, and she married the Dauphin, afterwards King Louis XVL, in May, 1770. becoming Queen exactly four years later. Concerning her career and death a writer in the Encyclopedia Britannicathus moralises: —It is hard to speak of Marie Antoinette with justice; her faults were caused by her edu cation and position rather than her nature, and Bhe expiated them far more bitterly than B he deserved. She was thoroughly imbned with the imperial and absolutist ideas of Maria Theresa, and had neither the heart nor the understanding to sympathise with the aspira tions of the lower classes. Her love of pleasure and of display mined both her character and her reputation in her prosperous years, and yet after a careful examination of many of the libels against her it may be asserted with confidence that she was personally a virtuous, woman, though always appearing to be the very reverse. Innocence iB not always its own protection, and circumspection is as necessary for a queen as for any other woman. Her conduct through out the revolution is heartrending; we, who live after the troubled times, can see her errors and the results of her pride and her caprice, but at the time she was die only indi vidual of the royal family who could inspire the devotion which is always paid to a strong character. In the Marie Antionette who Buffered on the guillotine we pity, not the pleasure-loving queen, not the widow who had kept her husband against his will in the wrong course, not the woman who throughout her married life did not scruple to show her contempt for her slow and heavy but good-natured and loving king, but the little princess, sacrificed to State policy, and cast uneducated and without a helper into the frivolous Court of France, not to be loved but to be suspected by all aronnd her and eventually to be hated by the whole people of France. At about 10 o'clock on Monday morning, Mrs. Jarvis, an elderly woman, was found dead in bed at Jacka's boardingbouse. North terrace. The deceased had been residing there for the past three dayp, and had intended proceeding to Melbourne by rail to-day. The coroner has been notified in the usual way. Tea and public meetines in connection with the anniversary of the Unley Wesleyan Sun day-school will be held this evening. A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary services of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church will be held this evening. Mr. Norman E. Brioe announces that he intends to stand for re-election as a councillor for Macdonnell ward in the Adelaide Corpora tion. " Ghosts, or tile fallacies that frighten anti reformera" is tha title of a lecture to be given by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley in the Albert Hall to-night. A ladies' gymnastio display, being a demon stration by the pupils of MUs B. Lindsay, will take place in tbe Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday evening, October 2L A varied pro gramme has been arranged, and it will include the dancing of the waltz and gavotte from the Australian comio opera *f Immomeeo?." 