THE LABOUR TRAFFIC. AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. (iVoin the Presbyterian, 25th March.) "Kanaka" is wrong when used of the Melanesians, or black natives of the Western Pacific. It is a Polynesian word, and means a man." Dr. Codrington, in his " Melanesian languages," says it means not so much " a man, not a boast, as " a man, not a ghost." Therefore I Bay " The Labour Traffic," not "The Kanaka Traffic." I have the greatest difficulty in being satisfied with any possible supervision of the labour traffic by the Queensland Government, for this reason : A ship arrives with a Government agent on board. in the Western Pacific Islands it is impossible that he should know one language out of eighty. How can he tell whether these people come of free will or mular club and cooking over one never can. As a matter of fact, if those people have consented at all, they have consented in the single endeavour to save their lives. In the matter of their return they are as often as not (for a gross) returned to the wrong places, which involves death and which I believe no Government agent is sufficiently well posted to prevent. It is a common trick when labour is wished to re-volunteer, to bring up opposite an enemy's bay, and tell them they are to be landed there, and give them the choice of ro- indonluring. No doubt Govornmontngonts ntprosontprovont the hideous abuses aboard ship that used to take place. On the recruiting and the re- patriation, above all on the Western islands, where the dialects are so much divided, I believe them to be helpless to intervene for any good. So far, this sounds like a violent attack on the labour traffic. There are alleviating circumstances. in the Western Islands those who go us labour would in many cases because they stayed there. I don't know if life is worth living, as people say nowadays. But if the CHOICE were offered me between what is called volunteering and being made colless of, I should have a try at the volunteering. When the Duke of Athol raised his volunteers, a man saw a cart passing on the road and filled with men in shackles. He asked who those were, and was informed they were the Athol volunteers. Take again the case of the Gilbert Islands, which applies to almost the whole sweep of the scurf of atolls that runs athwart the Pacific from the south-east to the north-west. I choose the Gilbertson) because I am best acquainted with them, and (2) because think them typical and to have an especial appeal to missionaries. An atoll is in very destitute spot. In the Gilberts the inhabitants had taken refuge) in laws against over population. I have not my notes by me, and cannot remember whether it was one or two children that were allowed to every couple. In some Munds people were allowed to compound for a fine and to have more - probably a piece . of sentimentalism. But the purport of the legislation was plainly to keep down the crew. I use the word " crow" with deliberation, because an atoll may be compared to a wrecked ship, so scanty are its resources. Enter the missionaries. The first step has been to remove the clock on population, and at the same time to minimise, and in some cases to delete entirely. capital punishment. Here, then, we have our wrecked hulk with an increasing population. When all goes well and the rain comes no hurt is felt. When we have a drought (bad as a drought must ever have been on an atoll) it has to be faced nowadays by an increasing population. Now, here is the point where the labour traffic, to use the paltry words of the common advertisement, " supplies a long-felt want," I really dread to think what would become of those islanders if labour ships did not chance to come round in times of distress.. I may tell you that the population crowds on the recruiters, that it becomes a delicate task to decide which are to be accepted and. which refused which have a chance of reviving" on the ship's diet, and which will only do on board and feed the fishes. I read a paper in the " Antipodean" by Sir Samuel Griffith, in which there was a lot of good sense. I quite agree with him that it is most desirable to avoid, if it can be avoided a sedentary alien population in Queensland. Surely, to be quite frank, we have here two fitting joints-Queensland requiring temporary coloured labour, and islands in the neighbourhood being in such a position, whether from famine or war, that a certain proportion of their population is immediately available. And yet and yet there has probably never been anywhere in the world anything more hideous than the labour traffic. I have been intimate with dozens of black borders, I have heard their stories, and I am only more ful to your readers cannot repeating them. Can this traffic be called kidnapping ? I have already mentioned the case of the Athol Volunteers, but that is nearly the host of it. Take the case of the Anglo Peruvian ship that went up through the Tokolaus and the officers in the time of Dr. Turner. She probably inflicted more misery, and that in a manner manner, than any fifty slaves in the African trade. Those unfortunate people were decoyed on board under the pretence of missionary education. And when Dr. "Turner went round he found many of the islands destitute of all adults except the aged I had the favour of a sight of Dr. Turner's private notes, and later on in one of the trees I met an old white trader who had been the means of saving Nuknfotau from similar depopulation The coach had been blown from the king's door, the whole adult population was under orders to embark, when this useful and unknown man smelt out the danger and deceived the rasoalsnttho last moment. Another point in answer to this question. I have talked _ continually with black borders. Continually they have been willing to tell me of kidnapping in the past, and I found this epoch to vary, not by the years of the century, but by the years of my informant. It was always pale past. I believe that if to- morrow I were to find a blackbird or of a still more recent govern tion, the date would be brought still nearer down. I believe, in fact, that to-day, and possibly us we sit here talking, unvisited kidnapping is being practised in the islands. But this I do not know ; nor can anyone. I am ignorant of the New Hebrides. But from what I know of other islands and of human nature I believe that any race will be host civilised in situ. Apostles might be made on a foreign soil and under conditions of somi- sorvitiido. But I never understood that apostles were common. And to raise the level of the mass, I am convinced that a blow movement at home is the only means towards a good one: On the whole, the influence of whites on islanders strikes me as far from beneficial, and the more whites, the worse is the effect. A single trader, even the most atrocious scoundrel, is rapidly conquered by his medium, adopts island civility and decorum, even if he had none of his own when he came there. But so soon as the whites are in a considerable body, the work of do civilisation proceeds merrily. I said " do civilisation," but if you insist on it, I will say " dohnrbnrisation." At least, it is a process towards the worse. When the traffic was renewed, you say, the integrity, high character, and firmness of the Prime Minister, Sir S. W. Griffith, were held on every hand to be a sufficient guarantee that abuses would not. occur ; but now Sir Samuel has retired from politics, and that solo guarantee is gone. You are touching there on a point which makes the misery of my life. In every race to-day, and particularly in our own, there in a tendency to neglect inherited responsibilities. It is a very fine thing to be conscientious, but I refuse to be" con" scientious across my father's last will and testament. We inherit obligations. We inherit wrongs, which are complicated with rights on the part of others. And we have to refuse the whereby, the whole down to our boots or else accept, in the old civil law phrase, the unioartUas. Now, what I have put here as, an inheritance from father to son, applies equally well in the inheritance of one Ministry from another. And who thinks of it? This made greedy, the next is what they call conscientious. Both cry with the same voice " Down with the pledges of the past I am only too much afraid it will be so with Sir Samuel. If it is not England and Europe had better go to study in the school of Queensland. "What do I mean by the greedy man and the so-called conscientious man 2, In the case of Ulster you seem to me to have both. The whole story of Ireland is sickening the road. But our fathers pledged us to the Ulster men, rightly or wrongly. 'And here we have agreed on the one side I need not put a name on the ground and conscientiousness on the other because - I believe Mr. Gladstone to be a' thoroughly, conscientious man, after the pattern of Robespierre. 