HASILI&ITS.; ? V [By Foooq'km.] A Love Knot — No. A Cutting Remark—' A shave, sir?*, Barking dogs sometimes bite the da sfc The footballers left for Sydney last night. Ulster naturally adds warmth to the Irish discussion. Tho man who paints the town red-neVcr ' . : uses water-colors. llie policy of Russia in regard to India— Rush 'er. . -,'?;. The weather yosterday was exquisite — the birth of Spring. ? . ' A tariff war. That hetween the two ' Sydney morning dailies. A lawsuit wears out sooner at the* pockets than at the knees. A sceptic is a man who doubts 'the accuracy of his own watch. i Shops in the capital are beginning to advertise their Spring goods. ' ', It is the man who wins that is wil- i'; ling to let bygones be bygones. There is nothing so interesting in this world as other people's affairs. ' i Goodge's ' explanation ' regarding ' the Newman mantelpieces, Fudge 1 The House of Lord3 will throw out the Home Rule Bill in its second readr ing. One swallow may not bo able to make a summer, but one frog can make a spring. Trying to keep a lawyer pccuniarly satisfied is about as difficult as it would be to fill a whale with French peas. The Pert jury were afraid to record a yerdict of murder because of the suprem o£ the ' push ' over law and orderliness. We are willing to acknowledge that we have our faults, but mighty few of us are willing to acknowledge tho faults our friends see in us. When the ostrich is captured, He knows his mishap Means many a feather In somebody's cap. \\- Willis is consistent only in attempt- . ' J ing to explain away an inconsistency, , (/ which will, however, like a ghost rise in front of the Bourke hustings for ever. This world is all a potato bag And if to think you'll stop, You'll find the very biggest mpn Are always on the top. A waiter who appeared melancholy, saying that ho was meant for better things than handling plates, was imme diately handed the following epigram : Smart waiter, be contented with thy state, The world is his who best knows how to Wait. Who says a Chinaman cannot bo . destitute in a community of white men. Chong Ming, a celestial inmate of the Parramatta Asylum for destitute, suicided at that place on tho 3rd inst. What rose is thero without a thorn 1 What cow is there without a horn ? What night is there without a morn ? What toe is thero without a corn ? Another proof of tho advantages to lio (rninorl from ndvfirfcisitiD' in t.ljw Advocate comes from Mr. Lanfranche. On Saturday that gentleman advertised in this journal that he had certian material for which, as trustee in an estate, he was anxious to find a purchasor. Yester day morning ho received a letter from Lithgow, from an intending buyer desir ous of obtaining Mlcr particulars. Wo most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure invigorant, good alikn to men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system and aids digestion. Ono pound orders are placed under the labels of many of tho large bottles. To secure the genuine article buy a whole bottle, and don't bo imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well known and well tried stimulant, and was sold fifty yoars ago by chemists as a tonic,* 