CHAPTER II. MR. LANGTON kept an observant eye on Miss Vaux's comings-in and goings out He soon discovered that the young crab-fisher was oddly associated with them. If she was belated in her solitary explorations among the cranberry bogs, Don was sure to discover her and bring her home; if sheventured too far oot in the boat, it was Dort's seines she ran into, and he paddled her to shore out of self-defence; when she «ame from the hills, it was Dort who followed behind, a beast of burden loaded with lichen or moss. ?' ;? t: . . Langton, being one of those men'who dribble out every fear or fancy to the first passer-by, ran with the matter' 'to Coles. " There's an attachment-' there," he cried, " take my word for it. There's an attachment. The romance of the thing - solitary - hills - sea 1 These chance meetings "have bewildered her." "Nonsense! Why, I know that young lady, Langton; she is a lady. There is not a drop of her blood that be longs to the Vaux breed. She is delicate and refined beyond most women. And this fellow is« vulgar crab-man, 1 think you told me? Bed shirt-bare legs -toes for clams, eh ?" "N-no." Langton hesitated thought fully. " He .has a certain amount of culture; a heterogeneous mass of book learning, with' utter ignorance of society. I can understand the attraction the fellow has for her; There is a genial, downright straightforwardness in his manner that had an odd charm in it even to. me, and Romaine Vaux has lived on sham and varnish until one would think her loathed it." Coles laughed. "That's true. The major is certainly the cursedest-but sharp as a steel trap under all his weak ness. He would have smelled the rat in the arras in this affair, if there were any there. He keeps a keen watch on Romaine. She is his right bower. He means to play her some day, and win." " I know it But that very idea blinds him. He talks of Dort as a sort of hire ling whom Miss Vaux employs. ' I hope you remunerate the man for rowing you about,' he said to-day. ' Bring him up and I'll give him a bottle or so of ale, if you don't care to spare money. These water-rats 'long shore drink like fish,' he added, turning to me. No. He sees nothing." " Tliore's nothing to see. It's all your jealousy, Langton. Miss Vaux is a pure, sweet girl-a good deal too clear sighted to throw herself into the gutter in that fashion." Mr. Coles strolled away, and Langton turned toward the Vaux tent. " Sweet ?" Oh! there was no doubt of her ami ability, poor Langton thought bitterly. It hid her, and kept unwelcome intru ders off from her as effectually as would plate armour. But what the deuce was she thinking of under the sweetness? " There she is," he muttered, "just the same, with her pleasant laugh and gentle, soft glances, whether she refuses to marry ine, or sits listening to the major toady- ; ing one man and bragging to the next. I By George! what gall and wormwood that must be for the girl to drink ! I I don't wonder she is ready to fling herself ' to the first honest crab-fisher that corner i alon^, to be rid of it." < He was resolved to move in thfc i matter at once-but how? A wor<l ? to old Vaux would be effectual^ but Langton was loth to put the girl in her father's power; he had a fancy that with all the major's purrini softness he had tigerish claws. "He has no affection for anything under God's heaven but his wife," he thought; Mrs. Vaux ? Hillo! There was a chance! Langton quickened his steps tci the tent The woman has common! sense, he thought; he could appeal to her without risk. ! Mrs. Vaux was sitting on a pile of the tiger-skins at the door of the tent when he came up; netting, as usual, with! breathless eagerness at some guady enormity of eephyr and beads. She! manufactured such quantities of these1 pouches and caps, that the steel needles: seemed to have been grown a part ofber: fingers. The money she made (for they1 were sold secretly) the major deposited in bank for her, and Tefused to touch, no1 matter how< close to starvation " they were pushed sometimes. "It is your mother's little secret," he would say gently to the Vaux boys. "Let her keep it Some deed of holy charity, doubtless." She locked unsmiling when Langton approached. When the major was out of sight, the scared little woman-had a certain timid dignity of her own, very winning .and pheasant .. He tbok a seat on the skins at her feet " I came to speak to you in reference to Miss Vaux, madam." Mrs. Vaiik bowed and straightened her thoughts and her thread, with a slv, amused glance at the young mat). If Romy's'lovers came for information from her, they would.find she could fence and parry, :and guard the child's secrets tas well «s as any man of them all. It was like the ghost of one of her own old love-affairs coming back. Her thin cheek grew, red and her eyes sparkled. "Yon know this 'young man, Dort, doubtless, Mrs. Vaux?" ' Mrs. Vaux'turned sharply'and looked at him. >, " Dort ? You came to talk to me pf him?" "And of your daughter. The, subjects are the same, unfortunately. Can you givo me your attention for;.a' moment?" "Doit, y'oii said? I have' neverseen; him. I have been in the. tent .and heard his voice. But I have - never' looked at him. Never." "You feared Major Vaux would dislike it,' probably?"-gently, for the, inexplicable agitation of the pbor lady touched him. Was Vaux such a tyrant, that the mere thought Df his annoyance fcould so shake the; w|itaar\? She had fecoverfid "herselF, measurably, however, before she answered him. - " I have no fear of displeasing my husband. I have never wronged him knowingly-not in the least- trifle,'1 with a steady countenance, but for a queer quaver in her chin. "Of what did you say you came to talk to me, Mr.Lahgton?" " I won't detain you long. It is a matter in-which I fear you will think I have no concern." ' He drew closer to her, and lowered his voice. 