THE DOMINICAN IPRIORY, NORTH ' ADELAIDE. 7 ! Dedication of the , C&apel; for :: the Perpetual Adoration :of the BlebseH Sacrament. _ The first church in th^ Auetralian colo nies dedicated specially to: the Perpetual Adoration pf Our Divine Redeemer in the Blpssed Sacrament, was Solemnly blessed and opened on Thursday morning, July 20\. It was the life- long wish of the late Archbishop Reynolds to establish such a devotion in his diocese, arid on November 1* 1891, he had the supreme gratification of laying the foundation stone of the chapel, a work which he said pleased him anything else in life(indie exPressed the hope that he would Uve to see the Holy Sacrifice offered Wthin its walls. God willed it otherwise. The good Archbishop was called away before; the consummation" pf the work which he had begun. The budding is now completed, and is certainly one of the prettiest and most picturesque little chapels in the colonies. It is dedicated to the Holy Ghost., The saintly Archbishop Polding established the devotion of the Perpetual Adoration of the Blessed Sacra ment in New South Wales some years ago, but the chapel at North Adelaide is the first one dedicated specially for this dbvotion. Prom its completion, as the Archbishop said when laying the founda tion—" While a stone of the Chapel remains, there will always be some one before the tabernacle soliciting a blessing and making atonement for the neglect of a fallen world. the building. The new. chapel, which has been in course of erection for the last twelve months, stands in. a conspicuous position between two of the Houses occupied by the order, and forms a portion of the plan of the, proposed conventual buildings. The general plan was arranged by the late . 0 Prioress, who commissioned a Melbourne firm of architects to prepare wprkmg drawings. Owing to the un timely death of this talented,and estim able lady some deity took place in pro curing the requisite plans, and when at last these Werti delivered it was considered desirable that more local advice should be available, and Mr. E. J. Woods was accordingly requested to undertake the superintendence of the work. Several important modifications in the plans were *?? ? by Mr. Woods,, who also prepared all details and working drawings, and supplied the mole minute particulars required by the contractor, Mr. J, J Lpahy. The new buildings include the choir and outer choir, sanctuary, and two side chapels, one being the Lady Chanel and the other St. Dominic's. The beauti ful embroidery on all the altars is the workof the Dominican Nuns themselves. On the west side are the cloisters, base pf the bell turret, and; temporaiy sacristy • and on- the east the tribune; entrance porch, sacristy, and confessional. Over the outer choir is the organ gallery, ap proached by a convenient stair of kauri pine. The bell turret is carried up square for some distance, is then reduced to an octagon,- and < finished by a . stone spire starting above the eight openings in the beIfiy,,The walls generally are built pf hard bricks faced with brown Teatree (xully freestone in random courses with pitched laces. The dressings,. traceiy, copings, &c.;, and most external portions Whe^ freestone is necessairy are executed in Murray Bridge atone. ' The roblsare covered with, blue slate laid on battens Over the buter boarding. , Intently the "J6™ ^re Open timbered, stained, and var mBhedj the choir being very plain; with Sp??0*? '}-The'sanctuary roof is * divided 'into Small panels between the |pWpil8,^ tadi in • with: harrow L*te«^ally several aftmfcoftB have been made from the original plans, amongst which rnav be in -otedM >m screenbetween choir and outer choir, muchimproyed by the irisdrtibii rif; traceried 1 ^inflows iq j stbriei Md'!^' Woffli' lirger arid1 h'andsritrielr dorir ^ *. palr'of ; blafck "riribct:doo$,ytotri' cueprid' aridchariifere'd 'glazfed' ' with smkU Tlje flbprstjf the rih&ir;, opter qhoir, aiid aide' eriftpels ' &re;' rif kaunih imfttiiif 'tfridttiA -!1Th'e';-'&ticra;&^ i!flbbri'' 'is • fL* • fclliJ 'JjL-MJ**J I.f haridsrijrie1 ap^eataric^ *; 'JTliri' sJiaUs ' aftd f rammg-oVer were-riot1 lhclriabd :iri th4 "jdans 6f the biiilding, blifc" Ka^e1' beeri Well cambd^brit'liy the coritraclbtf /from Mr. Wd&dS;* designs. Alt^riiugh simple they keepingwith theqnrircfyand iribk Trell with.' a plana .'-oif 1" ''The' large iwiridow ' iii the sanctuary hi'filled witji stained glass from tflri Wbi*ks ;of Messrs. Hardman, of Birmingham, arid represents theAdoratkm of Our Lord, Me being the centre' ' figure, while "the rest of the space iB.literally :filled by angels and saints offer ing homage to the Redeemer. The three ^windows In the Lady Chapel ate'of ritained 'glass, by Messrs. Montgomery, arid Grimbly, of Melbourne and Adelaide, and are. considered to be very superior speci mens of this class of work. The window at the . back of the Lady Altar represents the' Annunciation (the offering of Dean Kennedy and Diocesan priests) j" the two small side windows have single figures-. one St. Rose of Litna, the other St. Catherine, the gifts of Mr. Woods and Mr. Leahy. The remainder Of' the win dows are filled with various tints of cathe dral glass in lead lights, and have been well executed by Mr. Troy. Of the in ternal fittings the most important is the high altar, both as regards: dimensions and beauty. It is the gift of Mr. Aloysius McDonald, of this city. The altar . and reredos are almost entirely executed in Caen stone from the designs of, Mr. Han som, architect of so many fine monastic and ecclesiastical buildings in England, and measure about 13 ft. wide by over 17 feet high. The 6tyle.of the work gene rally is late " Decorated," with somewhat earlier treatment in the carving. The altar stone is supported by rich: diapered work surrounding an arched recess, within which is a sculptured stone representation of the Last Supper. In the centre above the table is the stone case for the Taber nacle, while on either side are two tiers of marble shelves stepping backwards to the reredos, which is the richest portion of the work. Still higher in the centre is a beautiful pierced canopy, forming, with its open pinnacled roof, a graceful termi nation to the other work. Beneath this is placed the crucifix. Above the marble shelves on each side are traoeried arcades, deeply- recessed, and filled underneath with sculpture. On one side the inarriage at Cana is represented ; on the other the parable of the loaves and fishes. Above is a traceried semi-groined canopy, en tirely filled in with intricate flowing tracery, and finished on top with a cornice arid carved cresting. It is difficult to convey a correct idea of this beautiful work by a mere description, it is without doubt one of the most elegant and appro priate designs ever' carried out in the Australian colonies. It was executed by Mr. Bolton, of Cheltenham, England. Through the liberality of Archpriest Nevin the nuns will sOon have a large Arigelus bell hung in the turret, and if at all equal to other bells by the same founder the tone should be exceedingly good. Mr. Leahy, the contractor, has carried out his contracts in the best manner,' the artisans' work' in every branch' being quite abreast of any other of similar nature elsewhere. THE CEREMONY. The chapel was comfortably filled, there being many non-Catholics. Among those present we noticed His Honor . the Chief Justice (S. j. Way), Captain Milner (A.D.C. to his Excellency the Governor), Mr. T. Worsndp (town clerk), Mr. C. E. Owen Smyth (Superintendent of Public Buildings), the Hon. J. V.. O'Loghlin, M.L.C., Lady Downer, the Commandant, (Colonel Gordon) arid Mrs. Gordon, Mrs. and Miss Barr Smith, Mrs. W. Horn, Mrs. Frampton, Mrs. O'Halloran Giles, Mr. and Mrs. Aloysius McDonald, Mrs. Tur ner, Mrs. Gunson, Mrs. Ryan, Miss Du Chesne, Miss Rankine, Miss : Stow, Mrs. Harris-Brown/ the Misses Richardson, Mrs. Attenborough, Mrs. E. W. Way, \- Mrs. andMiss Woods, Miss McMinn, Mr. and Mrs. Leahy, Miss Ross, Mrs. and ; Miss Baker, Mrs. George Hawker, Miss Lawson, Mrs. and Miss; Peacock, •Mrs.:: 'O'Halloran, and the Misses O'Halloran. The full ceremony of consecration, which is very elaborate' and. impressive, had to be postponed in consequence of the Archi episcopal See being vacant. The formal ceremony of bleBsing the building was performed byi the Administrator (Very . Rev. Dr. Byrne), who proceeded round the building, inside and outside, accom panied 7by a processiori of priests and acolytes. ; Father - Cosgrove carried the 1 Cross,' arid the acolytes' assisting were Masters A. aridR. McDonald, W. Consi dine, and M. Murphy. After the chapel had beieh blerierid, Solemn High Mass whs Celebrated- The Very Rev. Dean Ken nedy officiated, assisted Ly Father Hurley 'fc4 deacon.Father -F.' O'Neill as; sub deacqrif arid1 Father McEvojr, master of ceremonies.' Wifchirithe sarictuary? "seated ■oil1 dither side, Were ! the Vriry Rev. Arch Sweat Nevin, Rev. Fathers Williams, tealy, T. O'Neill, Cornes, Gandolfi, MacMahon, Cosgrove, A. Reschauer, S.J., J. McKillop,. S.J., and the Very Rev. Dr. Byrne. A choir of nuns in the gallery sang the Mass and responses very sweetly. The chaste and imposing 6tone altar was most tastefully adorned with beautiful flowers. The altar cloths, most artistically executed, were the work of the devoted nuns, as were also the vestments worn by the officiating clergy, which were new for t % occasion. THE SERMON. At the close of the first Gospel Dr. Byrne preached from the words " Domum Dei decorat sanctitudo : sponsum tjits Chris tum adoramus in ea"—Holiness becomes the house of God ; let us adore in it Christ its spouse. He delivered an ap propriate sermon directed to show the object of the church in erecting temples worthy of the Most High and the August Sacrifice offered at the altar. The church had in all ages adorned and embellished the House of God. Such had been the history of religion from the beginning. Solomon was commanded to erect a temple to the Most High, and in the course of history they found that in all ages mag nificent temples were erected in honor of God, and stood as monuments of the faith, piety, and generosity of the people. The Ark of the Covenant, the Paschal Lamb, and the works mentioned in the Old Law but prefigured the great sacrifice of the New. Law. In the Adorable Sacrifice of the Mass by the omnipotent power of God, to whom nothing was difficult, the simple bread and wine were changed by the ministry of the priest into the body and blood of His Divine Son. That Christ was really present was shown by the words which He used at the Last Supper, when he instituted this great Sacrament of His love—" This, is My body : This is My blood, which shall be shed for many unto the remission of sinsand the power was given to the apostles and their successors to do likewise till the end of time in the command—" Do this in com memoration :of Me.", From the earliest ages of. the church this doctrine was taught and practised. When they con sidered the August Sacrifice offered, and the presence of our Divine Lord'on their altars, it' was notto.be wondered at that Catholics adorned and beautified their temples. The objects to which the Chapel of the Holy Ghost, which had been dedi cated that day, would be devoted were the offering of. the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and the Perpetual Adoration of our Blessed Lord, in the Adorable Sacrament of the Altar. Another object was the recitation of the Divine Office of the church. There was no better means of calling down the blessing of God on the individual and on the community than continual and fervent prayer. The prayer of the just man availeth much, said St. James, and : the perpetual prayers of the holy nuns, de voted entirely to the service of God, would bring down many blessings upon them selves and the community generally. Dr. Byrne explained that as those present had come by special invitation there would be no collection made, but any offering volun tarily given would be thankfully received and gratefully acknowledged by the Dominican Nuns. A Distinguished Visitor.—His Grace the most Rev. Dir. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, visited St. Joseph's Convent, Kensington, on Tuesday,. July II. His Grace was accompanied by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, of Sydney, and the Right Rev. DrDunne, of Wilcannia. The distin guished visitors also (ailed at the Catholic Rtffugei 'Nbr^pod, when His Grace gave a special blesSihg tp,all the ininates. 