'Ho/ Mitnll we Decide this Question.' Won tvhich it the tcor/e -to Itave no appe'its ! for your dinner, or to lutve no dinner fur your ? aj}j-ctite? | There are lots of people on the one side or j the other of this question. When 'good di- j iretitiim waiis on appetite and health ou i both, that is the ideal attitude of a person ! towurJ* hiii meal. But most oi u« are not ! blessed iu that way ; we either have too muuh food without uu appetite, or a vigorous appetite without euuugh to satisfy it. Different folk will uuswer this question tlilt'ereutly. yet the common sense of it is that witliiu reasonable limit* it ij better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, abort of the ttarvatiou line, a Luugry mtu is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat aud doesn't feel Jik« eating, stands in need of ' alteration)) aud repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writt-T sayti, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he faucy his food was puUoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived ou P If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He shj-h '? Iu the year lSStt I changed lay work from Railway porter to sig-nalnitu. I bad been signalman twelve months, at) a theu aU at ouue, so t,J s.-uulc, I did uot feel royeolf. My raoii h tasted bad, so that or duiary articles of diet «eemed to lose ttieir flavour : the palate, to put it iu that ?way, uopeared to have nothing to nay to them. Onu thit-sj was like another, and noue was good. M.y tongue wan coated aud furtcd, with a dark liue dowu the inidile and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive, and i my appetite pour, with paius thiough the chest aud shoulders, which were always right before I ate auythiug. Then I was greatly troubled with wiud. It would gather ho it felt like ' ball iu ray throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cauuot wonder that uodor these circiimstunces our friend foiled to do justice to his niL-als. lie adds tlmt there was what ho calls a pricking seosatiou at his heart, as though it w«ro pricked with some sharp instrument. Theu, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so suvere that the sweiit rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' he uayn, 'the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid to cat. ' After a lituo I got iuto a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt misc:able, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lo»c a good deal of sleep.' Wbot be Kieann by tbe fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of name calamity, such as tbe loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the itnpo.'erished state of his blood (the life bearer), his uuntrung uerve*, and to the brain eufetbled by lack of nourish ment. The night of this form of illness in always full of ghosts and goblins, the [ creatures of a resiless and uogoverued ima- ' gination. ' ' With great difficulty.' he spys, ' I stuck to my work, fcr I bid a wife and family depending on ma. So I struggle! on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description . / am sure nu one has suffered so much as I h arc done. ' ' Iu the latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, »ud is always harder to bear tuan one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a comities* multitude who are all the while goiug through the same wretnhed experience, fdIy we dou't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medioal treatment had left him where in found him he chanced to read iu a book of a case exactly like //is own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. ? My wife, he says, ' got me a bottle at Mr. LangnUff's, iu Woodlesford, aud after using its conteuts the ailmeut left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. 1 should like tho j whole world to kiiow what it done for me. I have been employed by tbe Midland Rail way Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' Geobob Hunt, ** Car Bottom Road, ' Apperiey Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Air. Hunt's desire, in order that part of tbe world atlea^tmay know hew thankful he ia and for what eason. 