ffU-II llWl.WUgWtlf mIM -M-H.?!! M .1-11 i. ... Literary News, Notes, &c.; The Chemist and Druggist has a portrait of Miss Laura Heath, the well-known New Zealand lady pharmacist. Miss Heath is dispenser at the Well- ington Hospital, and the rapid and satisfactory way in which she gets through the heavy work which falls upon her in that poaition is apparently a marvel to the medical facultv in the Maoriland Capital. , Temple Bar for July contains, besideB instalments of two serials and a couple of complete stories, several readable literary articles. Mr. Francis St. John Thackeray gives some reminiscences of his cousin, the great novelist. Referring to a dinner given not long after Macaulay's death, when Thack- eray stopped some depreciatory remarks about the historian, saying, "He was a giant," the writen Bays he finds this entry in his diary :-" Saw W. M. T. in bed this morning. He told me of the Offer made him to continue Macaulay." This is tantalising, and whets our appetite for further information. We should like to know by whom the offer was made, and what the author of Esmond thought of this proposal that he should write a serious history of the reign of Queen Anne-a period his knowledge of which was probably superior to that of any of his contemporaries. Emily Bronte Is the subject of another short paper, and Mrs Andrew Crosse contributes some recollections of "a group of naturalists," namely, William Spence, the entomologist; Professor Henslow, the botanist; Dr. Davy, brother of the great chemist ; and Will- iam Buk« r, of Bridg-vater. Mr. J. C. Bailey writes sympathetically of La Fontaine, who he thinks may possibly outlive all other French poets. " A poet," he says, " whose theme is the fundamental facts of human nature which do not change, and who treats that theme at once with consummate know- ledge and with a'iiore than Homeric simplicity, is Bure of a place among that scanty band, not a dozen, perhaps, and certainly not a score in all the world, of whom we can safely prophesy that the lapse of a thousand years will still find men learning them by heart." Everyone has beaid of the Cock-lane ghost, though few, perhaps, know the whole story of thp delusion, which is now chiefly remembered in con- nection with Dr. Johnson, who thought it worth in quitingint«. An interesting account of thisaingular ?eposido is given by air. Howard Pyle in Harper's Magazine for August, Did we not know by the ex- periences of our own time how much credulity and superstition is to be found even among the educated classes of society it would be difficult to believe the sensation that was caused by the paltry " mani- festations of 1762," the " blaze of excitement," that as Mr. Pyle says, " spread to all the extremities of London, nay the country at large, to Scotland, to Ireland, and even to the Continent." Mr. Pyle himself seems not quite to have escaped the contag- ion, as he concludes that the mystery was not cleared up by the trial of the Parsons family, which resulted in the punishment of all those known to be concerned in the fraud. But perhaps he throws out the doubt rather with a view of heightening the effect of his story than because he thinks there is really much in it. For 180 years the world has thoroughly acquiesced in the finding of the jury. The following Australian words ire included in the current part of the New English Dictionary, edited by Dr. Murray :-Coo-ee, cornstalk, corr- oboree, and creek. Of the first and third, many varieties of spelling are given-of the first seven, and of corroboree nine. A quotation from the vocabulary in Governor Hunter's Voyage gives an aboriginal " cow-ec-to come," whence it is inferred that the cry is a kind of imperative of this verb. Dr. Cunningham, in his book about New South Wales, published in 1827, says that "natives make use of the word as we do the word hollo !" and a recent extract from the Fall Mall ?Gazette tells a story how " two well-known and wealthy Australian squatters lost each other in a London fog, and were only reunited after a serious of shrill and vigorous coo-es." It is a taking picture, and makes a reader naturally speculate on the pro- babilities. The use of "cornstalk" for "a tall, lithe person, hence a nickname given to persons of European descent bom in Australia, more particu- larly in New South Wales," is illustrated from Henry Kingsley and from Inglis's Australian .Cousins. Corroboree is given as a native word in the "now extinct language of Port Jackson." Quotations are given from Hunter, Batman apud Cornwallis'8 New World, Darwin's Voyage of a Naturalist, and Tylor's Primitive Culture. The quotations for a transferred use of the words show that it is spreading, The last is from the Saturday JBetiicui of February last year. " A corrobory of gigantic dimensions is being prepared for [General SoothV] reception." Perhaps as the writer knew that General Booth had been recently in Australia, he thought the word was specially suitable. The distinction between an English and an Australian creek is clearly pointed out, but the latter is shown to be also in use in America. A letter written by Mr. Robert Louis Steven eon, a little more than a year ago (July 14, 1892), from Samoa, giving experiences of double conscious- ness, has been published by Mr. F. W. H. Myers in the Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Re- search. We cite one example out of four-" The other day in Sydney I was seized on a Saturday .with a high fever. Early in the afternoon I began to repeat mechanically the sound usually written ' mhn,' caught mvself in the act, instantly stopped it, and explained to my mother, who was in the xoom, my reasons for so doing. ' That is the begin- ning of the mind to wander,' I said, ' and has to be resisted at the outset.' I fell asleep and woke, and for the rest of th« night repeated to myself ment- ally a nonsense word, which I could not recall next morning. I had been reading the day before the Life of Swift, and all night long one part of my mind {the other fellow) kept informing me that I was not repeating the word myself, but was only reading in a book that Swift had so repeated it in his last sickness. The temptation to communicate this nonsense was again strongly felt by myself, but waa on this occasion triumphantly resisted, and my watcher heard from me all night nothing of Dean Swift or the word, nothing but what waa rational, and to the point. So much for the two conscious- nesses when I can disentangle them ; but there is a part of my thoughts that I have more difficulty in attributing. One part of my mind continually bid me remark the transrational felicity of the word, examined all the syllables, showed me that not one was in itself significant, and yet the whole ex- pressed to a nicety the voluminous distress of one m a high fever and his annoyance at and recoil from the attentions of his nurses. It was probably the same part (and for a guess the other fellow) who bid me compare it with the nonsense words of Lewis Carroll as the invention of a lunatic with those of a sane man. But surely it was myself <and myself in a perfe2tly clear-headed stato) that kept mo trying all night to get the word by heart, on the ground that it would afterwards be useful in literature if I wanted to deal with mad folk. It must have been myself, I say. because *7ic other fel- low believed (or pretended to believe) he was read- ing the passage in a book where it could always be found again when wanted." Such an experience, though it may seem remarkable to the novelist, would not astonish the student of mental phBi'ology, a branch of science whioh it would do "spookolog ists" and the like good to study. Dr. Carpenter's standard work on the subject disposes of a host of mysteries. On June 81 all Austria celebrated the fiEtieth birthday of its mott popular poet, Peter Rossogger, the bard of Styria. He had published a great mass of songs and novels, almost aUin the Styrian dia leot, which have become the common property of that many tongued-nation and its German neigh- bours. Rossegger is a self-made man, the son of the poorest of peasants. It was hoped that a priest could be made out of the puny child, too weak and ill to do any work ; but the clerical seminaries re- fused to-admit him, and be was apprenticed to a tailor, who was always very unwilling to take him. But before the tailor was twenty years old he had become a famous poet, who now has a hold over every one of his countrymen. An interesting point is touched on by the Spectator, in reviewing the new edition of Todd's Parliamentary Government, which has been brought np to date by Mr. Spencer Walpole. Is there any redrei«, should the Sovereign kill a private perBon ? None whatever. The Sovereign cannot be tried in .a court of justice. " As a constitutional principle, the personal actions of the Sovereign, not being . acts of Government, are not under the cognisance ?of law ; and that as an individual he is independ- ent of, and not amenable to, any earthly power of jurisdiction. The best authorities have declared that there is no legal remedy obtainable by the .subject for personal acts of tyranny and oppression .on the part of the Sovereign which have not been instigated by bad advisers, but have proceeded ' from the personal misconduct of the monarch him- self. Should any such caBes occur, aB far aB the ordinary course of Jaw is concerned, they would be covered by the maxim which forbids the imputation of wrong to the Sovereign (Broon 's Leg. Max., p. 63), and the erring Prince must be left to the rebukes of his own conscience, and to his personal account- ability to God alone. No decisions in regard to common criminal offences committed by any English king are to be found in the books ; the jurists contending that the case of a Sovereign being guilty of a common crime must be treated as the laws of Solon treated parricide-it must be con- sidered an impossibility. (Fische!, Eng. Const., p. 123.) It was truly observed by Locke, in his essay on Government, that the inconveniency of some particular mischiefs that may happen sometimes, when a heady Prince comes to the throne, are well recompensed by the peace and public security which rtEulc from the person of the chief magistrate being set out of reach of danger. (Book 2 ; section 205 : and see Cox, En?. Govt., pp. 408-416." Messrs. Longman's have a ne w edition of " Todd's Parliamentary Government in the Colonieî" in the press. Mr. John Murray contemplates adding to his sérica of red handbooks a volume entirely confined to New Zealand. Sir George Chesney, author of " The Battle of Dorking," will shortly publish a new story entitled " The Lesters," through Messrs. Smith, El.) or and Co. "Two Noble Lives" will be the title of the short hiographies of Lady Canning and Louisa, Lady Waterford, which have been edited for publication by Mr. Augustus J. C. Hare. A specimen of Sir Richard Burton's readiness at repartee is given by Lady Burton in the Life she bas written of her husband :-" One day, as we were on board a ship, going to a rather uncivilised plitce, a Catholic Archbishop and a Bishop, with a Catholic party, stepped on board. My husband whispered, " Intoduce me.' I did so, and they became very friendly, and sat down to chat. The Archbishop was a very clever man, but no match for Richard. My husband began to chaff, and said, ' My wife ia the Jesuit of the family.' « What a capital thing for you !' answered the Archbishop ' Presently Borne apes were jumping about the rlgg intr, so the Archbishop looked up and said playfully, ' Well, Captain Burton, there are some of your ancestors.' Richard was delighted ; he pulled his moustache, quietly looking very amused and a little shy and apologetic, and said with that cool drawl of his, ' Well, my Lord, I at least have made a little progress, but-what about your lordship, who is descended from the angels?' The Archbishop roared ; he was delighted with the retort, and trea- j sures it up as a good story till this day." I 