FARMERS AND FRUITGROWERS' FACTS AND FANCIES. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. (BTL.L.C.) ; Some little time ago I received from one signing himself "A Amateur " (Perth) a pack case. of; peach leaves. They were not packed, \- as! have frequently directed, in damp mass For cotton, nor enclosed in a tin box so as to retain their fresh, colour and moisture, and when they reached my hands' they were a collection of dried up and brittle pieces. In this state I could not identify any. disease, and the description sent by my correspondent, was too meagre to be of any assistance Will corri spondents please note directions for packing, and also, to save delay, address Specimens to me at Guildford, as I am only in Perth occasionally, and specimens acres tiuuM remain for some days at the office before they reach me. I must apologise to " Amateur for not answering sooner, but I have been away on a long tour, and at the same time I regret that I could not assist him with the information he desires. Try again, if the disease is still existent. : '*? * " '# * £5.S; (Beverley) writes Seeing that I ! have not been hauled up. with a round turn for asking so many questions, here I am again, brimming over with them. In perusing your articles; I see your experience' goes far beyond insect pests, so I make bold to ask if you can explain the reason why hens lay soft eggs My hens have been laying well through the summer and winter, and from all appearances are healthy, still the shells are so soft that it is with much difficulty I can pack the eggs for market, a distance of a few miles. The breed of the fowls are Plymouth Rocks and Leghorn the latter are decidedly the worst. I've had heaps of advice still things are the same old 2s. 6d. Some day the water is too fresh, and others advise lime. Som'iil burned bones and some say rice. I have tried time, though I confess I have not gone into it heart ; and soul, as I should, because it was Such a bother to get them to take it. I mixed it in food, which they; positively refused (uVtike, soon spied it in the water, arid«'f!Rer they wouldn't take if there was other to be' had. The grasshoppers are making quite a raid on my peachy; eating all the' soft parts put. I am desirous to know if it would spoil the fruit for use if I were to spray.' Also the grubs are destroying my tomatoes. If it is desirable to spray please state what mixture as to be used. I am sending you a fig. Apparently it is troubled with some disease. For Berne years past I have noticed that with this kind of fog the first crop drops off before ripening. Is it a blight which might be prevented by \- spraying f I have not been able to expert mentalize in this simply because I am in the darkness what kind of mixture to use. life answer to your Pingelly friend I was, pleased to see advice to orange growers and the situation the trees require. I must confess that I was, in common with some of: my" neighbours, entirely in the dark. I was always given to understand all orange trees should replanted water,'otlirwiseft° would not do, now it is no longer a mystery to me, why, my trees which are in the very wet part are looking, I may say, very unhappy, and almost threaten to peg out while those in a warmer: situation are smiling over the unhappy state of their less fortunate brethren. I am afraid some of us have a great deal more to learn before we can make much of a Splash' at fruitgrowing. We can get the trees dig a small well, pitch the tread is and if they don't grow curse the country and the trees. It could not possibly be our faults In conclusion, I trust you have an unlimited amount of patience. ? ' #' * ''he's in Your fowls are of good, breed and ahojoJeV be able eyebrow " Hail, Columbia" on the Afb July.', Exactly why the hens lay soft shell eggs. ; in your case I don't know, unless it is mate depravity. on the part of the 'hon; A certain amount of lime in some former mother is essential to the production of a properly shelled egg. , Old mortar, shells or coarse bone dust, should always she kept where the fowls can get at them, and they will take what they want. Don't use unslaked lime; on any account. Forcing them to take an extra quantity of lime will not put shells -on the eggs if the want of lime in the first plane is not the cause. Over-feeding is frequently the cause, and it may be so your case. The egg organs are unduly stimulated and the egg passes from the oviduct beet, it is properly coated with the shell. -' Tip remedy this reduce the food allowance, i especially that which is of a stimulating nature, so. as to Stopped almost stop laying for a while. This will give the organs a rest and, allow' the best, held nurse in the world, same Nature, to have a show to fix up things and repair damages. A few months. ago I had to keep my fowls penned up, and several hens commenced the soft-shell caper. It was not for want of lime and grit, because they had a constant and abundant supply of both. Lately, however, I have been able to turn them out to forage for themselves, and' beyond a feed, of buckwheat in the evening, they get only what they can pick up. . The" egg supply has not diminished, and .there,-uicet, no soft shells now to lift up in a; opa^sj.xJL. am inclined to think, from my own expense. ence, and your experience to a certain extent bears this out, that Leghorns, who are great egg producers, are more prone to hy soft shell eggs than those birds which lay a Smaller number in the year.' The Plymouth Rock,' with which I have had considerable experience, and which I highly esteem- as a good all-round fowl, I have not found guilty of soft shell eggs. '? * ?# " ? it That the grasshopper iBaburden^ieevsry ancient refrain. Are you sure it is the hop- per that is eating your peaches 9 It is quite safe to spray with the arsenate if the fruit is not to be marketed for two or three weeks. You may spray the tomatoes with Paris green for the grubs, washing them before using or sending to market. The SUng did not reach me. K it was in an edible state I are not surprised. . Mail men, are human;. The falling off of the' figs before ripening is an indication that caprification or a fertilization has not taken place. In Asia Minor the fer- utilization of the fig is Draught about by hang- ing capacious figs in or near the cultivated varieties, in order that the fig insect, Blasts. fhagapsenes, may carry pollen from one to the other. There are several -v insects in Australia which perform the same function, but it is quite possible they may not have discovered' your tree. It may be a disease, and I shall be pleased, to hear from you, again on this subject, with as many particulars as you can send as to the name of the variety of figs, and other varieties there are in the immediate vicinity, and if they bear welL and' retard their fruit. I am glad to hear that you have gained some little knowledge about orange cultivation from' my remarks, and I can; assure you that, though my temper is jets utjgeUo^ibr^Sy^patieaceiriexhawitMej-tnave oAwaye enough and to spare of the latter. to a pleja^;^.«s%er all the »rb>,-uk«yottr-" Half, are famous for information, andolwhp* when it is giveJiVtbr them make the best use; of it. EETr'^rTr.":^ "v:""" '-Sr year..'" In ujffi^pjiijr the ^^ixa^^B^kxaiBin the hoa*mendwriorthe-William^^uringtito fluinniwcW'?-TnYffn^ to the disestablishment of the Bureau of Agriculture, went considerably out of his way to have a dig at my unfortunate self. The motion as. made by Mr. Harper referred solely to the Government and the Bureau. ; But most of those who addressed themselves to the matter dragged in the premonitory ghost of the secretary, whoever that unfortunate being may be. Mr. Piesse followed the example set by the member for Albany some months ago, and referred with contempt to scissors and paste, and insinuated that harm had been done by fruitgrowers adopting my suggestions. I am surprised that the honour- able member for the Williams should not have more respect for paste, because it is invariably made from flour, and I am equally surprised that he should go out of his way to make an observation which can have no foundation in fact. Horace Greeley said it took a man 10 years to learn how to use the scissors and paste, and, judging by his contemporaries, very few knew how to use them even then I do not see that there is any dis- credit in using the scissors and paste when the source from which the information is obtained is acknowledged, and I do not see how one can be expected to keep up to date in all that is moving in the agricultural and horticultural world without recourse to. other people's brains and experience Would the hon. member for the Williams have me confined to this colony for my information on horticultural matters, as he would have in all confined to the colony for our flour? in regard to the alleged harm that has been done, let the hon. member give instances and let them be investigated. Where harm, if any, has been done. it is in not doing all that was recommended. I know of one case myself in which I recommended a certain insecticide, and it was to be applied carefully through a proper spray nettle. the grower used the mixture, but he did not see the spray. pump and nessie be used a whitewash of ash and a bucket, and it killed his trees. He told me about it, and I replied that I was delighted to hear it, because a man who would do this kind of thing was not fit to have a fruit tree. It would be just at reasonable for the member for the Williams to make criticisms like this at it would be for her to get up in a public place. and say that a supposed small boy had died from the effects of drinking too moth of the lemonade made by Piesse Bros. at Katanning, and therefore the created. waters made by that firm are poisonous. But is he on a par with Mr. Pieese't criticism of me I must leave out the "Toomath" and let it be understood that" the supposed, juvenile came to his untimely end by drinking one bottle of the lemonade. The mere fact that, if he had consumed too much water or too much of any liquid his end would have been brought about just the same, as nothing at all to critics who don't, mind acing unfair in their criticism. Half-" facts are worse than no facts. , If Mr. Piesse has a candidate for the secretaryship of the Barest, by all meant let him do all that is, compatible with her honour and dignity as a member of the Lower House, for that candidate, but not at the expense of the reputation of another candidate. Fair play is a jewel, all the world over. * j,, ? 2, The members of the Swan District Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association struck it lucky in many ways when they elected their first president. Dr. Waylen and Mrs. Amherst were the first to take hold when the formation of such a society was mooted. I had a good deal to do with getting things under way, and my task was considerably lightened by the kind offices of these gentlemen. Mr. Amherst took up the honorary secretaryship, and how he has carried out his duties, by no means light, is well shown in the interesting resume recently published of the doings of the society since its inception. All the kind things that were said about Mr. Amherst at the meeting the other night are well deserved, and to him in a great measure is the formation and continued success of the association due. Dr. Waylen has been a president in fact as well as in name. He is one of the eldest, and also, jointly with Mr. Amherst, one of the largest vineyard proprietors in the colony. His money is in the business and his heart is in it too, and two better credentials for the presidency of the " pivot" ataoohtfien he could not well have. At J president of the association and as chairman of the first convention of the fruitgrowers and agriculturalists of the colony, held under the auspices of the Association, he, has been avoided success, and by the manner in which he has guided the destinies of the society he has done well for the colony at large. Day by day more interest is being manifested in vine and fruitgrowing; day by day is the necessity of association more felt, and in years to come these small beginnings will he looked back to with both pride and pleasure by those who took an active part in, them. There is one thing I must pull the doctor upon and that in his statement that the Swan Association had been the most active of any. The Swan Association has, to its Credit, done the very best under the circumstances that could be done, but I A ballot forget my first lovelier first born? the Toodyay Association. A month has not passed as yet since its formation; in: which I have not received a post card notifying the of a meeting, and that a paper on some subject or another of general interest to the members is to be read. The people of New tat|l«.are;keeplng their association alive and doing good work, and when Mr: Amherst is thereof a paper for the Swan: Association kt" ? could not do better than ask some' of the NewtatjQe members are to' give us the results of well critics experience. Let us' hear; from all, parts of the colony, and let. them, hear pj^.'^Jtet'' there be a continual inter changeable expertness, and we are bound to let ttvae>hlog. The Northam Association t^peaj^^jlcdcrttant. Hare the temperance peopletrightenedthesecretary? Ihope'no V for Mr. Driver is a worker when he takes hold. Mr. Kelso's now a Norfchamite, and I hope he miniature tone of his superabundant vitality and "get up" into the association. With an orchard like Mr. ThrosseU'sTeon. annually! in front of them, and a practical man like Mr. Kelso in their midst, there ought to be no hang back in the Northam district about fruitgrowing. * * * * ' The hospitable conclusion to the y^,r188$| of the Swan Associajiot, so generously press, vided9byrDr. Waylen might be rep*»t?^Iwith - advantage, not, by individuals, but by the Kciit^^.^no^ay could Dr. Waylen;have better shown his appreciation of the office he holds than the little supper which by the way was a most recherche and elaborate repast in no way could he have more fittingly marked the close of the association's first year, and in no way could he have given greater pleasure to the members. At a feast like this a number of people meet together who have at least one thing in common; conversation" never flags, for there is uppermost in every one's mind the one thing that is to them of the greatest interest; and they naturally like shuttles talk about that in preference to any. .th^ngilsc There! is no fear of wearing the subject threadbare, and the result, is that: each one leaves the richer with some point gained some little bit of information, some new Experience that he lacked when he went i$$re. . little items which one considers are hardly worth mentioning in a formal meeting last §kr«u^tia*ay-i»b^^ , are of the greatest importance to one. The freedoms" earmark to new thoughts they jd^*'sugg« themselves to his mind. The business of the meeting held previously is elaborated and gone ever again in detail, and, in short, end- less are the benefits to be derived from this " ultimate communion of man" when all the communicants are enthused with the same hopes, the same aspirations and the same desires, born of a common pursuit. Why could not these social reunions take place'" oftener ? If the members were to provide the wine, the solids might well. be provided from the funds of the association. And then, in the fruit season, specimens might be brought up for external in discussion first and internal discussion later on. - There would be a chance this way of getting some of the thousand and, one varieties fixed true to name. Ll wine tasting, there is a vast opportunity to encourage the palates of the younger members in that nice discrimination which is essential to the making and classing of good wine. The seniors and more experienced might first sample and give their opinions, and then let the juniors see what they can do. Dr. Waylen,, in his kindness of heart,, has set a magnificent example that few will dare to follow, and he has at the same time shown in its' most attractive colours the social aspect of the associations. The glimpse we have had should be quite enough to, induce the members to arrange, amongst themselves for a quarterly gathering,. at any rate. 