Lalices Losilng Iatcltes. Going into some of the large otores ib town one may notice that many of the young women behind the count: rs who are so fortunate as to ponees watcies oa se the rings at the stems of their tmuec-piecesdrawn through holes in their j':rseys and fastentd down securely by a button, no that a wattih could not bh removed whrhoutqaite an eflort, and certainly not without its wearer know. ing about it. This is a scbeme of wearing a wnath that has gone into fas!ion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. It?ecently a great nany watehes Lave been st:.L? or lest, and in the lost and found colmons a larger number that usual have bh.n rejportedt. From the small number re ported as found eompared with the large number reported as lost,it is apparent that either the I;onesty of the people who have been lidling watches on the curbstones latciy is at a very low standard, or else the watches were rosily not lbst in the sense in tended by the lavertisers, but stolen. It has been qtite fashionable for ladies, especially for those cngaged in the stores, to weartheir watches in their bosoms, with fob chains hanging out of the button-holes of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, nnd to save time ni I avre the time-pieces as available au men have theirs, they had just tucked them iln between their corset covers and the corse:ts, instead of inside the coIsets as smout leaits, it is hbelievd, do. Tuos weorn, the? were an incitation to a picplocket, and in the crowds on the trams and f:rries, just ltter the closing hours of the stores, it was an easy matter foIr an ezpcrt thief to make a"haul." A lady had the raistortune to find a watch on one of the streets in Sydney the olher day, and she advertised it in the lltald. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of toL advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many peolle could have lost watches. The police will nay that there are no thieve in the city-they always do-but the yoang tudses na town know bettl . \- A certain act of patronago was con. feried by a poet, whose nmeo began with a T, on Alexander Smith, whichl tnhe young man very naturally resented. When T observed: "Never mind what the crittetr say, Ilike your poems," Smith is said to saro replied, "Oh, sir, do not discourage aeu."-A-rgounat. Criticism as is Criticism.-Ool. " Pat' sonran doesn't Iike the playef "Hamlet.' ienar the cloquent adjectiveslinger: "I havrt no patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmets nsdgrren gauzoe veils, under bogus moonlight I ,rerlastiigly theil ecatcningtodo'something, and never doing it; driving his sweetheart to In. nncy ans a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks; ;making stump speeches toskulls and gcrave.diggetrs; going into all sorts of he-hys.' teries; and at last, running a section of bar. Ibed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go pig-sticking style, through his dead girl's brltet, ae :i rlrine.thimsclf, teo oew fiddle. mussie, amid a generatl c trnae of lunatics and wreeck of absurdities. 6 3 9 