"-' nrrR. MELBOURNE /LETTER. " ' !-, . Monday \- gjpjje flays ' wrheptitt' j enkins v f0f Sir Uanics Mcujbindboa "column and. a. half oFroundajut Veise, I don't - tliiuk any "politician lias Uffitre'd at the hands of "poiats;"; Thenv fore I' reproduce from (the ..columns 'of „ jjourit Alexander .MaB". this trifiutq tfe&Ir; PaMereon .on. attaining his'60fch' birthday, "which appears incite ;!saef'of the 18th Inst. ; -.jo ye,- j. ISTR, x 01 EMBER,- J393.-t<s,j : On f«r Nortliumbnsi's rugged coast, w „ When wintry winds wereshrieitirig,,.'; And sea birds by tbe'ocerih"tossed/,,;:! J> A liavcn vainly. seeking, yhrM mil" Flew like white demons round. each; tower Of Alnwick, clad in snow,. Proclaiming with ah Eldriteh power," ' '. The Mrth'of one with mistic dower/" ' " Just sixty "j enrs ago. i >' > eM Come forth, ray rouse,- nor waitk1,,f;" For words of rhyming cheer,' - ffn? Bat sing in pnens of the great -t wr-;. Hot- Victorian' Premier.- Proela'nn from Mallfe's scrubby iioath V From Snowy Mountain's misty wreath ?'" To where tlie Murra> glides beneath/-. The g'ent Pacific sway'. ;. ;.; The noble, firm, determined stand , ., | - j He took when hope nigh fled,.. j Our ship of State at his command'/ ; To safety's haven led. 1 ; <1/"li'"' 1 Fill np the cnp, fill to the brim'f'-' /- With Oolihan or Galley, ! : And drink " Long life and health. .to him,; His shadow ne'er grow.l- ss.' nor dun . /"/ j His eye for « it or sally. " " ' 1 ' 1 j — 'l'A5I'BiTTR4Y.':! It would he ungenerous to criticise a poet who displays so much generous individual enthusiasm, else it might lie sawested that there is not much mystic " dower" about Mr .Patterson, but all shall be forgiven unto him for the touching reference he makes. to the part the galley plays in politics _ under the auspices of the present Premier. The apartments of Ministers of. the Crown are the surest place' to. get a drink if you want it in Melbourne, but unfortunately, they are not open on Sundays, And whenever a mail is seen quitting a Minister's room now-a- (javs it is generally noticeable that he is wiping his mouth. Mr , Patterson's p»r=onal appearance at the age of ritty is pretty well known," but . as there are some parts of the ' colony in. vhich he is rarely seen, it may. be woith while to attempt a description of it. Tall, about 5 feet 11, deep chested, powerfully built, strongly planted on his feet with muscles hardened by healthy exercise and still more healthy work in his younger days, it may be fairly said of hitn that at the age of sixty " his eye is not dim or his natural strength abated." True, he wears glasses when at work, but not in the street, but they are low power ones, and he does not need them to read men. And perhaps the most striking quality of his character is his emphasis. His no means no, aud it would be perfect waste of time to attempt to shake it. He has a mobile i character in other respects which j quickly adapts itself to all sorts and I conditions of men, and he takes the measure of each at a glance, and for a i thorough comprehension of political life, well, he's just the oldest Prirlia- , mentary hand in the House. It is probably for this reason that he has recently taken in hand Harry Foster, : Known to some as the . member tor \- .Croanjingolong, but to most as " The man who never goes home," for in the absence of D. M. Davies, who was the cleverest whip we eier had, Harry Foster fairly fills the Bill ; and it looked tuwards olu- close of last session that either the whipship or a junior portfolio would be wubin the genial Harry s grasp. The that he is acting for the Opposi tion would not interfere one iota. Jo man can serve two masters, but it .is allowable to have a preference for one of them. To the personal note .respecting Mr Patterson, let it be added that he does not look anything like sixty years of age and can stand tho fatigues of a session, which he has taken good carc this year should not be too fatiguing, better than men twenty years his junior. The committal of Messrs 'Davies, Milhdge and Muntz, has destroyed Sir Graham Berry's last present chance of securing the Agent- Generalship. Mini sters always express themselves "anxious to do something for the old ®au," but they feel that in the face of that they cannot, and. the stormy petrels of the press are already shaking 'heir wings in air and screeching framings to the Ministry that " on no j account must this be permitted." We ! sent- one winged pigeon home <o repre- sent us in the person of . Mr Munro ; bo had to be recalled. It would be i most impolitic to send another who bad been mainly instrumental in draw-' ; lDg English capital to the bank/ and \- hose co-directors were awaiting trial toacharge of criminal fraud. Neither 11 the idea of making any vagabond Politician who chances to turn up in htodon act as Agent-General do, at all. Thp. wVinlp matlfir T- fanev - will 551 be hung up until Christmas or aiter. Our Minister of Lands," Mr Mcln- ' b'te, is in luck. He has been fortunate ssoujli to secure the services of Mr : Gsorge Ay toun as his secretary . on ; 'a New Zealand tour. . Going over ; bll bet George will make that steaun- / tot so lively that the passengers will ; be sorry to quit it ;" and with him .'as i toipanion Mr Mclntyre .willv;have ; a ;i Rightful time amid the glaciers and i 4c fiords, the ravines and lakes of Zealand. For Mr Aytouri, who descendant of the family to which professor Ay toun, the author of the ttish poems and ballads, was one of be lights, possesses a considerable toount of bush experience, a '' pretty ''h a musical voice arid, rife; enormous1 j flection of songs, mainly old Scottish' 3 Iliads and out of thb. way/ modern1 j tosof a later period. .- v-X-rthink if I j lilted company on a trip round the tofld the two companions I 1 would j. tot in Melbourne wbulBjW.jyL./ ? and George Aytouni'.itb.vjou.' ' that the Minister, -jwho, ;is of; a: ptul disposition himself, should- have toppy time. A'ciml -k- An odd thing happened thfe/weeki; datfi Ur evenbng papers! ; the.'.' Starfi ' ,"tto compelled to tempoiai«jr; en jt'nue publication j". there/ was 1 cam ra6 delay . and -the, edition; & « e UI' late. It transpire! subset lh® 'biat the result: was/ notHhat hcadrmpai>y tefflPPrarilyAuspe'nd&3! g a reconstruction, but';ah. eel'in', ' vPpe. . The 'reasph.pf '. thej kao»: sinuous", stranger /is r not' k J' , Possibly ; asr.he : was - ontitour T it- or a nkice. ; : , ,'A, btow 'n ® other day -with- a well | ;man> and expressing/my' / ho wb n Captain Alan" Thomas 4 Ptt'ta jStiatioh' 'gained the i bad Se /n8 the;sunartest/offic'er we ' WtionD u'd have secured the high ; 'tpted bias in England of being ac- i;; ftS the principal- authority - on' spn?ething Iwhich- 1 pSXSaSS,e,lth8liSh" Mik„ ? 11 ihomas was, when in SSni."'Sa8ed. a nkh t \1S .experiments , into the aS tW- 6 m' the speed, required,, X irw resultant impactive force Jr ' r l ' P jrras.iever, menaced, by. a debaghmqntpfa;fleet.which.Succeedea'in haye-m legdmess ;a number .of .small steqmers Ayh.feut few.men.ou board vfilStroftted-to, jdrive- right atUthe r?vading S;yessels;f with iall -the speed ; they,rcould icommand t"kndVen-" deavor to butt "them. Of course, 7the gapces would be,tbat .they.ouidi be .. . . before they accomplished:,, half theirqourney and ;if: not,, and .they/had .secceedpd,, every,, man.on ; , board (the Simmutive , ram, .would-; /perish ;,..'.'but sO|.ptaim.Thoma8;hold that .the , loss of life would be sc small as, to. ju'stify:the The argument is; that. sbips-that.da not possess,. an armored are , specially, accessible. . tov-the- .attacks of . these -.small-, rains, r X hayei not seen it so expressed, elsewhere, :and! merely, mention . it now, as ;a proof \ that? our naval, men ,are ;not so , confident ;as' r.?: the - inyuluerahility ; of tiie /Port - asl they .sometimes, tlgsire. us .to, think.,,/; ; I \- - You.' .wil 1. reineinber in Pygmalion'- f-nd,jGal.qtea; , hqw v/the c,heart.i;qf ,the! beautiful Gajatea, ,who - was .only.,' born! yesterday,: \yas moved tat.:the sight 7 of- the wounded deer. AJriend 'of, minej told nie a story . concerning.. 1 he. fi rat? leveret caught.in. Victoria, probably in- -Australia. . It was on, the, old racecourse .at, Flemiugton, in the days the . gi-and- stana was down, on .the flat .near the river, and the hills, now enclosed were free to picnickers. Suddenly there came bounding along a little animal whom no one ' had seen before,- and whom they could not identify. "Why," said he,;" its-a1 little leveret," and as lie said so it ran up against his feet and stopped there panting. And' he did as Cowper tells usMn the Paken haui ghost, — took the little stranger in and reared it as his own. The date was 185S, and although the incident may seem trivial I have thought it worth while to record it as an evidence that rarer things have been seen on our great racecourse than' the yagrom dog which is always dropped over the fence to run for its life, just before sounds the start bell of the Cup. 