TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, ACTiionor " Lady Audlby's Secret," "The Venetianb, ok All in Honob," "Aohora Floyd, "&o.; COPYBIOHTED, BY TlLLOTSON AND SON. Chatter XXVII.— I, You and God, Can Com- fkehend each other. It was two months after Allegro's ' wedding day, and Martin Disney had been warned that the olosing hour of ' the young lifo he had watched so tenderly was not far off. It might como to-morrow ; or it might not come for a week ; or tho lingering flame might go flickering on. fainting and reviving in the sookot, for another month. He must hold himself prepared for the worst. Death might eome suddenly at the last, like a thief in the night ; or by stoalthy, gradual stops, and slowest progross from life to clay. He sat beside Isola's sofa in the Roman lodg ing as be had sat beside her bed in that long ill ness at Trelasoo, when her wandering mind appalled him more than hor bodily weakness. Ho wstohed as faithfully as ho had watohed then, hut this time without hope. Fatlior Rodwcll had been with her at 7 o'cloek upon the last three mornings, and had administered the sacrament to her and to hor husband, and to tho faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the last ; but she rallied a littlo as the day wore on, and lived till sunsot; lived through tho long painful night, and another day dawned, and ho found her wait ing for him in tho morning, ready to greet him with her pale smile when he appeared upon the theshold of her room, after going up tho stair case in saddest apprehension, dreading to hear that all was over, except the funeral servioo and tho funeral boll. She insisted upon getting up and going into tho drawingroom, foeble as slio was, Tabitha was so handy and- so hclpfut that tho fatigue of an invalid's toilet was lightened to the uttor- most, Tabitha and tho colonel oarried her from the bedroom to the drawingroom upon her couoh, and carried tho couoh back to the bodsido in tho evening. Before noon eho was lying in tho suulit salon, surrounded with flowers and photographs and books and newspapers, and all things that lighten the monotonous hours of sicliness. Nor was companionship over wanting. Martin Disnoy devoted himself to hor with an unfail ing pationco. Upon no pretence would he loavo her for more than half an hour at a time — just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of tho Via do' Condottl and tho Lorso ; just the spaoo of a oigar-in tho loggia. He read to her, he talked to her, he waited yP«? »«, Tabitha and he were hor only nurses : lor Luttchcn was a young woman of profound concentration of motive, and had early taken unto herself the motto, One baby, one nurse one conscientiously performed her duty to hor infant ohargo ; but she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was drawing towards the end of July ; the weather had been lovely hitherto— hot, and very u D-i0' '"supportable for those who could aiford to dawdle and sleep away their midday n:lcrnco,n existence who had horsos to Soil? ,m ?bu' 'n tho early mornings, and a arringe to drive them in moonlit gardone and P turesque places. In the suburbs of the great ity, across the arid Oampagna yonder, at Tivoli, ami IraBoati and Albano, and Castel Gandolfo, S? ,! - n revoni»S in the fulness of tho ,n1 under Jove's broad roof, witli vltug-and sports, and musio and feaBting, and ,w- ' 'nnooont kisses, snntohed amidst the ?i" Kroves whoso only lamps are flre- «in»n i" w0|is f ilex, where tho nightingale hia an|i t'le Srasshopper trills Rr o through the perfumed herbage, it, " in Homo, the heat was moro oppressive, wno ii!n splssh'ng of tho city's many fSuntainJ ,.as tho only relief from tho glare and dnzzlo of hlnnii vivid whiteness of the great vnni. t),- ,"808 In tlio now streets and boiilo- in n.« wi- ,, wcrQ lowered, and shops wereshut, enrlv nf. g npontido lient, and through tho ftitnnf hfternoon tho eternal city was almoBt as awnk« n nd reposeful as tho sleeping beauty— to 211 ,Bt sundown to movement and lifo, crowded cafds! Bmging' in lidhted streoto nud elmnhMnl!?' '? dim S'ty of the morning, the wih-1 if« i cato of summer ohanged to howling in rain— torrential rain, that tell BDlaahml f?! a?d ovory eatter» eagflft.Ua / Ver houwtop, and ran in wild caseaaes from every alley on the steep hillsides, with «£nP2gn,? vast lake, illumined toeakX l!i i ? 0 and tho thundor of ? j 'ovetborated along the lofty parapets ti a p. aqueduofcs. . Tho tali oypresses in tlmf !5i ? arcna bont liko saplings before ahrifti!: i d» whioh seemed to howl and 4i. _ I.;,! ? loudest as it came tearing down from in the PiaJi dfspagnn? mnS th hUBOtPS shrink?.?,. w-ou'$ think the ghost of Nero wero Isoln n midst of tho tempest" said winfl'lS! B? ?!8t®ned to tho fitful Bobbing of tho husbnniV0! -n6!, re'ay afternoon, while her koonlniT . ii i ftodwoll Bat near hor couoh, whirl, L. I' ,snd pretouco of ohoorfulncss edoo ?iB gg to maintain upon tho very helj. ® , '? Brave— tho broken heartod mako the dwr! W that death waitB at cry Bho ot,ied/ "There oomcs a shrill wicked epidtYn p'aL.o611 lik of a i. P?,m0 18 fn'l f ghosts," answered the priest. but there are the shadows of tho good and tho great as well as of the wiokod. Walking alone in twilight on the Avontino, I should hardly bo surprised to meet tho spirit of Gregory tho Groat wandering amidst tho scenes of his saintly lifo nof ih evcr 1 int tho Pantheon at dusk with out half expecting to soo tho shade of Raffaoilo. And there are others— some I knew in tho flesh —Wiseman and Autonolli, Gibson, the soulptor consummate artiBt and gentlest of men— yes! Romo ifl full of the shadows of the good and the wise. One oan aiford to put up with Nero." yu don'' moan me to think that yon bcliovh in ghosts J " asked Isola, deeply inter- oste'd-..,, V f ! was only 5 o'olook, yet tho sky was gray iWiththo'Kcajiness of late evening. Hero in this IwOdlof lightj and sunshino thero had beon all day lone thjy brooding gloom of storm olouds, d-nskjHlfat was dark as winter. Vi - nna'y80 my own feelings on the sub- jjejitrwill quote the words of a man at wIiobs feet it was my happiness to sit sometimes when I wae a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not shrunk from faoing tho great problem of spiritual life in this world — of an invisible after existence upon tho earth when the body is dust nndor tho sod. Is the mother of our Lord now existing?' he asks, and answers, ' Yes. - I believe that all fathers, mothers, sons and daughters aro now existing. Nature has disposed of their Dodies as far as wo can traoo her work ; but their souls remain. ' So I read . in Homer, in Virgil and in the Now Testament, This existence I am per mitted to believe 'is a consoious and aptivo existence.' - Canon-Mozloy, the man who wrote those words and muoli more in the same strain, was not ah idlovlsionofy.' - If ho oould afford to boljovo in the prosonoe of tho dead among us, why so can I. . And' I believo that Gregory the Great haB whispored at the oar of many a Holy Fatlior in tho long list' of his successors, and has influenced many a cardinal's vote, and haB been an invisiblo power In many a eannoil." " I like to.believe In ghosts," said Isola, gontly, "But I thank God those that' I love are still in this life. ' She held out hor hand with n curiously timid gesture to iier husband, who olasped it tenderly, bending his lips to kiss tho pale thin fingers. Oh, death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softoning influence. Slio had been false. She had wronged him and dis honored herself, cruelly, cruelly, most cruelly ; but she had suffered and repented, and she was passing away from him. Lot the brokon spirit pass in peace, let the fainting soul depart in an atmosphere of love. That day wore itself out in storm and tompest, and tho night oamo on liko a fierce death struggle; and tho wind raved and shriekod at intervals all through the night ; and again next day there wae gloom and darkness nnd .n sky heaped up with great -lead colored olouds; and agnin the torrential rain streamed from tho housetops and plashed iii the streets below; a dreary day to be endured even by' the healthy and the happy— a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank . to the lowest depth, and for tho first time sinoe Allegro's marriage she talked hopelessly of ' their separa tion. "Ifl eould only see her orioe more boforol dio," sbo sigbod. "My beloved, you shall soe bor as soon as the railway oan bring her hero. Remember, it is yon who have forbidden me to Bend- for her. You know how dearly she loves, you — how willingly she would come to you, I'll telegraph to hor within half an hour." . "No, no, no," Isola protested, hurriedly. "No, we can never meet again in this world. I took my farewell of hor in the ohnroh. I meant it to be farewell. I was very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man Blio lovod. It was a selfish repining that made me ask for her just how. I would not have her summoned bore for worlds. She is so happy at Vonios — happy in her. honeymoon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin— nothing till you oan tell her that my days have ended peacefully. She has borne her burden for me in the past. I want her to be free from all care about mo — but not to forgot, me." "She will nob forget, Isola. She loves yon fondly and truly.'' "Yes, I am suro of that. She was dearer to mo than my own sister— cared for me muoh more than Gwendoline ever eared, though Gwen and I wero always good friends., Poor frivolous Gwen ! She writes me affectionate lettorB, hoping she may get to Italy in the autumn, though it iB impossiblo for her to como just now. And mother and. father write to me just in the same way— mpther regretting that her health won't allow hor to loavo Dinan; father hoping to soe me in tho autumn. .Their letters are full of hopefulness." Her husband read to her for the greater part of the long, gloomy day. Ho read St. Thomas i. Kompis for some part of the time. The book had been on tho little table by her side through out her illness. . He read two or three of Frede rick Robertson's' sermonB,. and for occasional respite from too serious thought lie reai, her favorite poems— Adonais, Alastor, and somo of Shelley's lovely lyrios and those passages in Oliildc Harold whieh had acquired a now aharm for hor sinoe she had grown familiar with Rome. "Read to mo about Venice," she said, "and let me think of Aliegra and Captain Hulbcrt. I love to fnnoy them gliding along tboso narrow, pioturcsque streets in the. great, graoeful, pon derous gondola I know so well. It is so nice to know of their happiness— and that — they will never bo parted." So tho long summor day— without tho glow and glory of summer— wore on, and oxcopt for hor excessive langour and feebleness thero woro no indications that the patient's state was any worse than it had been for some weeks. The dootor came Iato in the afternoon, and felt ber pulse, and talked to her a little,' but it was oasy to sco that his .visit was only a formula, and that ho had no liopo of doing her any good. "You have suoh an excellent nurse, Mrs. Disney, that I consider my position almost a sineouro ; he said, smiling at the faithful Tabitha, who stood waiting for hiB instructions, and who never forgot tho minutest dotail. Tabitha oamo in from tho adjoining bedroom overy now and then, and adjusted tho pillows on tho sofa, and sprinkled eau-de-Oologno, or fanned tho invalid with a largo Japanese fan, or arranged tho soft silken coverlet over ber feot, or brought hor somo small rofreshraont in tho way of a oup of soup or jolly, and tendorly coaxed and assisted hor to take it, talking just as muoh or as little as scorned prudent, always oareful neither to fatigue nor to oxoito hor oharge. It was between 7 and 8 In the evening, and there waa n gloomy twilight in tho loggia, and in tho garden beyond. Tho wind whioh had dropped in tho afternoon had begun to rage again, as if not only Noro but all tho wioked emperors woro abroad in tho air. . ' Isola had boggod that ono of the windows might bo oponod, in spito of the tempestuous wcathor, and tho oold, damp breath of the storm crept into the room and ohillcd Martin Disney as he Hat by his wife's sofa, reading n London papor that had come by the evening' post. Tho only artiflotal light in the room was n reading lamp at tho oolonel's elbow, shaded from the draught by the four leaved soreen whieh pro- tected tho invalid. Tho gloomy groy daylight had not quite faded, and through tho half open door opposite him Martin Disney saw tho whito marble wall of tho staircase, and some oleanders in atono vases that stood on tho Bpaclous landing. He had boon reading to Isola nearly all day. Ho was reading to himself now, trying to forgot his own grief in tho consideration of a leading article whioh presaged a European war, and the ultimate extinction of English influence in Con tinental politics. Thore was pcrfcat stillness in tho room. Isola had been lying with olosed eyes a littlo timo be fore, and he fancied that she was sleeping. The silence had lasted for nearly an hour, broken only by tho shriek of the wind, and by tho chiming of tho qunrtors from tho Ohuroh of La Trinita do' Monte, when Colonel Disney was startled from his gloomy study by his wife's hand niutohing his arm, and his wife's agitated whisper sending close to his ear. "Don't follow him ! Don't, Martin, don't!" She had lifted herself into a sitting position, sho who had not sat up for many days. The hectio bloom had faded from her eheeks and left them ashy palo. Her eyes seemed almost starting from her head, straining their gazo as if to penetrate the deepening shadows on the landing beyond tho half opon door. "My love, yon have been droaming" Baid Disney, soothing her with womanly gentleness, "Lie down again, my poor dear. Soe, let me arrange tho pillows nnd make yon quite com fortable." " No, not I was Rot dreaming. I havo not been asleep. He was there ; I saw him as plainly as;I see you. He pushed the door a littlo farther opon and looked in at me,. I saw his face in tho lamplight,. vory pale." Disney glanced at the door involuntarily. Yes, tho aperture was oertainly wider than when he looked at it last ; just as if some one's hand had pushed the door further ajar. Tho hand of the wind, no doubt. "My doar girl, believe me, you ore droaming. No ono could have approached that doorway without my hearing them." _ "I have been lying awake thiuking all tho time you have been reading your papor, Martin. I never had less inclination to sloop. I know that he was there looking in at me, with a smile upon his pale faoe. But he has gone, thank God he has gone 1 Only I can't help wondering how he eame there, without our hearing his step upon the stone stair." '" Who was it, Isola ?" Ho know what tho answer would bo. Ho thought hor mind was wandering, and ho knew there was only one image whioh oould so agitato hor. "Lord Lostwithiel." " A delusion, Isa. Lord Lostwithiel is far away from Rome. Gome, dear love, let me read to you again, and let us have our good Tabitha in to oheor. yon with a oup of tea, and to brighten up tho room a little. We have been lapsing into gloom under the influence of the gloomy weather." Ho wont out of tho room on protanoe of sum moning Tabitha,. and having sent her to watoh besido his wife, he ran quiokly downstairs to find oat if the street door were opon or olosed. The door was shut and bolted. The servants on the ground floor had not opened the door to anyone after 5 o'clock. There was no possibility of any stranger having enterod the house sinoe that hour. Tho end oame that night, with an appalling suddenness. Isola had refused to be carried baok to her bedroom at the usual time. She seemed to have a horror of going into the room, as if the shadows lurking there wero full of fear. Even Father Rodwell's presence, whioh generally had a soothing eifeot upon hor norves and spirits, failed to comfort her to-night. She refused to lie in her usual position, and Insisted upon sitting up, supported by pillows, faoing tho doorway at whioh her fancy had evoked Lastwithiel's image. She would not allow tho door to bo shut, and there waHthesameBtrained look in her too brilliant oyos all tho evening. Father Rodwell read aloud, to her, -going on with a history of St. CepiliA',"ih whioh she had beon warmly interested ; but to-night ho could soe that her thoughtwere -not with the book. Ho went on all tho same.-' hoping that tho sound of his voice might UU'hpr to sleepij Jfie! wind' had gono down as tl)Q. night adVahoed',' and the stars were shining in.Jl\'e atrip of. sky above the'; Finoian Gardens. CotoiieL'pisney/ yias Spacing up and down the loggia;'..smdking:his.pipe in the oaol darkness— full of . saddest appre hensions. . Her mind had boon . wandoring, suroly, when Bhe had that fanoy about LoBtwithiel, ho told himself. It was something more than a dream. And thon ha romomberod those long nights of delirium after her boy was born — and abovo all, that one night, when she had fancied herself at sea in a storm, when she had tried to fling her self overboard. Ho knew now what scene she had reaeted in that dolirium, what tbo vision was whieh her wandering mind had eonjured out of the empty darkness. The priest left thorn beforo 11 o'olook, and Martin Disney sat with his wife till long after midnight, — Tabitha waiting quietly in tho next room— beforo ho eould persuade her to go to bed. Isola was more wakeful than usual— though her slumbers had boen much broken of late— and thero was a restlessness about hor whioh impressed her husband as a sign of ovil. "Is the storm over 1 " she asked, by and bye, with her faoe turned towards the loggia and tho starlight above tho garden. "Yes, doarest, all is oalm now." " And tho boy ?" sho said, suddonly, looking up at the ceiling above whioh the ohild slept with his nurse. "Heisasleop, of course." " I hope so, I went up stairs at 9 o'clock, while Father Rodwell was reading to you, and gave him my good night kiss. Ho was fast asleep." " I wonder whothor ho will over think of mo when ho is a man," she said musingly, " Oan you doubt that ? You will oe His most saored memory." "Ah," sho replied, "ho will never know—" The sentonoo remained unfinished. " Will you earry mo to my bod, Martin, tho room begins to grow dark," she said faintly. "I aan hardly see your face." He lifted the wasted form in his arms, and carried hor with tenderest anre into the naxt room, and to tho puro whito bed whioh bad been made ready for her, the long net curtains parted, the eovorlot turned down. Ho laid iier thoro, as he bad done many a night during that, slow and monotonous journey towards the graro ; but her gentle acknowledgment of his carofulness. was wanting to-night. Her head sank upon tho pillow, hor palo lips partod with a faint flnttoring sigh, nnd all was still. This was how tho ond camo— suddenly, pain lessly. Sho died like an infant sinking to Bloop. Colonel Disney laid his wife in tho plooo sho had loved, tho oometory under the shadow of tho old Roman wall, in a verdant sorner near Shelley's grave. Burial follows death with a dreadful swiftness in that southern land, and the earth bad olosed ovor Isola before noon of tho day after, hor death. Martin Disney waited to seo the new made grave covered with summer's loveliest blossoms before he loft the oemetery and went book to the ; house to whioh he had takon his fading wife in the lovely Italian spring time. He paced tho dosolato roomB, and wandered In and out be tween tho drawingroom and tho sunny bedroom, with its snowy ourtained bed, nnd looked at this objoot nnd that, with tear dimmed eyes and an nohing heart. He had telegraphed tho day beforo to Captain Hulbort at Venice, but thero had been no reply ao far ; and he could only suppose that Aliegra and her husband had loft tho city upon one of those excursions whioh his sister had described to him as diversifying their quiet life in their rooms on the grand canal. Ho had not been at homo long, and his tirod eyes wero still dozed and blinded by the flood of sunlight which the servants had let in upon the room<i after the funeral, when a telegram w&b; brought to him. It was from Briudisi. " The Eurydice went down with all hands on, last night off Smyrna. My brother was on board. I am on my way to Grecoe. If you can be spared go to Aliegra — Hulbert." Martin Disney knew later that it was between 7 and 8 o'olook that the Eurydice struck upon a rnn and ev0ry soul on board hor perished. The boy and bis nurse went back to Trelasoo under Tabitha s escort, and were followed to Cornwall soon afterwards by the new Lord Lostwithiel and bis wife, who established them selves at the Mount, to the great satisfaction of the neighborhood, where it was felt that the local nobleman bad now beoome a permanent institution. Aliegra and her husband took Martin Disney's son under their protection in the absence of his father, who was fighting iu tho Soudan and who did not visit the Anglers' Nest till two years after his wife's death, when he returned, honorably distinguished by his services, a V.O., and a broken man ; returned to live a tranquil lifo among the bookB in the library whioh he had built for himself and to watoh tho growth of his son, whose ovory look and tone recalled the image of his dead wife. Sometimes, on drowsy summer afternoons, smoking his pipe under the tulip tree, whilo tho Fowey River rippled by in the sunshino, it seemed to him asif Isola s pensive loveliness, and thoyoars that he had lived with hor, and the tears that he had shed for her, and the infinite pity whioh had blotted out all sonse of his deep wrong were only tho transient phases of one long melanoholy dream— tho dream of a love that wae never re turned. " And yet, and yet," ho Bald to himself, after lengthened meditation, with unseeing eyes fixed upon the movement of tho tide, (l I think she loved mo. I think hor hoart was mine from the hour her tears wolcomed mo back to this house until her last sigh. God help all young wives whom their husbands leave alone in their youth and beauty to stand or fall in the hour of temptation." Idly exploring tho contents of the secretaire in tlio drawingroom one day, Martin Disney found tho telegraphio message whioh his wife had written— and left unsent— before the hunt ball. (the end). 