WAS IT THE BABY'S GHOST? In “Good Words” Mr. W. Canton publishes a very remarkable article made up of extracts from letters of a friend now dead. This friend lost his first child when she was six weeks old, just before the death of his first wife. He married again and had another little daughter, who lived to bo three years and then died. The curious thing about this child was that she always insisted that she had a little baby as a plaything. Her father wrote: Lately she has taken to nursing an in visible ‘‘ iccle ganl ” (bttlegirl) whom she wheels about in her toy perambulator, puts carefully lo bed, and generally makes much of. This xSt—“ Yourn iccle baby, pappa, old man !” if you please. When I sib down this accession to the family is manifest to her on my right kue« ; and she sits on my left and calls it a “ nice lovely iccle thing.” When she goes to bed, and when she has been tucked in she makes place for “yourn iccle baby,” which, of course, 1 have to give her with due care. It is very odd to see her put hands together for ir, palms upward, and to hoar her assurance, “I not let her fall, pappa.” At first they did nob think much of this fancy of hers, but her persistence in the reality of his child made some im pression upon their minds, as will be seen by the following extract; but it was not until the little girl herself died that the father saw the spirit form of bis first born lying by the side of his dying daughter ; “ I told you about her invisible play mate. Both N, (his wife) and I have been wondering whether the child is only what is called making-heliovo, or whether she really sees anything.” “ If I rest my foot on my right knee to unlace my hoot, she pulls my foot away —‘ Pappa, you put yourn foot on yourn iccle baby.’ She won’t sit on my right kheo at all until I have pretended lo transfer the playmate to the other.” “My poor darling is dead ! I hardly know whether lam myself alive Half of my individuality has left me. I do not know myself. “ Can you believe this ? I'cannot ; and yet I saw it. A little while before she died I heard her speaking in an almost inaudible whisper. I knelt down and leantd over her. She looked curiously at me and said faintly. ‘ Pappa, I nob let her fall.’ * Who dearie ?’ * Yourn iccle baby. I gotten her in here.’ She moved her wasted little hand as if to lift a fold of the bed clothes. I raised them gently for her, and she smiled like her own self. How can I tell the rest ? “ Close beside her lay that other little one, with its white worn face and its poor arms crossed m that old-womanish fashion in front of her. Its largo, suffer ing eyes looked for a moment into mine, and then my head seemed filled with mist and my ears buzzed. “I saw that. It was not hallucination. It was there. “Just think wbat it means if that actually happened. Think what must have boon going on in the past, and I never knew. I remember, no*', she never called it * mamma's baby it was always * yourn.’ Think of the future now that they are both—what ? Gone ? “If it actually happened I I saw it. I am sane, s'rong, in sound health. ’ I sow it—saw it—do you understand 1 And yet how incredible it is !” Incredible indeed most people will think it, but the etibet of that weird vision seems to have been very blessed to him. —“ Review of Reviews. A Woman’s Pout. Dkatu. —A horrible crime was recentjy coramitt-d at n small hotel in Chicago, known ns the Wabon House. A woman named Louiso Bunker had been missing for some days. Search having been made, her dead body was found in a room lying on tho bed. Her head had been crushed by a bottle, the glass being deeply embedded in her skull. In addition to this, her head had been hacked and gashed with a heavy chisel. In tho struggle the woman hsd pulled out some of her assailant’s hair,, which was found twined round her fingers. A Qerftmn, Prank Brumort, was arrested, circumstances pointing to the fact of his being connected with the murder. Rob bery was evidently the motive, as letters wero found in tho girl’s room, from her family in Germany, showing that she had recently received llOOdol. in cash, io addition to a draft for 2000dol, This fact seems to have been known to the assassin. Tun Elkctkio Lump.—The following list embraces a.few of tho towns in Great Britain which h ivo adopted tho deotrio bght with the muuln r and power of the lamps in each :—Birmingham, 7900 16- caudlo power lamps; Bradford, 10,000 16 c.p. ; Brighton, 27,800 $ c.p.; Chelms ford, 2500 8 o.p. ; Dublin, 1200 16 o.p. ; Eastbourne, 7000 8 c.p. ; Exeter, 7800 8 c.p. ; Glasgow, 6000 16 c.p. ; Liverpool, 18.000 16 c.p,; North London, 10,000 8 c.p,; St Pauoras, 11,000 16 op.; Ken sington, 25*000 10 o.p. ; Marlins-iu iho-Folds, 25,000 8 c.p. ; London (City), 175.000 16 o.p. ; Newcastle 10,500 8 o.p. ; Northampton, 4000 8 u.p ; Oxford, 5000 8 c.p, ; Southampton, 2500 8 c.p. ] also Netting Hill and St. Mary Abbotts. Thdio are 25 other towns that have a'ist) gone in for electric lighting. 