OAMP-NOTES. TWO SNAKE-STOIES. Once on a time, in wandering round the earth, I found myself at San Juan del Norte, on the Mosquito Shore. As usual, that little town was suffering from panic, the condition almost perennial there. Every American traveller was pestered for news of Transit projects : 'Was the Company broken? How much longer could the steamers run ' and what did surveyors say 1' For San Juan lives and has its being in the C. A. T. (Californian Accessory Transit) Company, and that enterprise somewhat speculative. This particular panic, however, was so serious, that not a few officials of the lower class obtained a furlough to 'prospect' the country, in hopes of finding some rich digging, which might enable them to return with glory and dollars to the States. It is not my intention, at this moment, to enlarge on the auriferous qualities of the Mosquito Shore, but to tell two camp-stories, one of which I know to be true in the main facts, and the other there is no reason to doubt. In so doing, I should wish to preserve the phraseology and manner of the narrators, so far as propriety will per mit, but I despair of rendering their quaint spirit and reckless humour with out a sin against decorum. Let the reader understand, therefore, that my version, rough and grotesque as it may seem to him, is but a very faint re flection of the humour, and extrava gance which so amused and interested me by many a camp- fire on the Mos quito Shore. I was only too glad to join myself to a party, in hopes of seeing a country almost unknown. My companions were three in number: a gigantic Missourian, Secesh, to his 'soft skin,' named Beasley; a quaint Yankee of Dutch family, named Vansten; and a storekeeper of Greytown, English by birth, but extravagantly Yankeeised, named Frazer. We ran up the coast in canoes as far as the Rio Indio, which my companions were anxious to ' prospect;' and on the third day up, just as the camp was chosen, Frazer killed a python, such a monster as the Mosquito Coast has a just renown for. ' That's nigh the biggest insec' ever I see ' said Beasley standing over the body. 'It must be ollfired dark about his middle inside; wants a window there, I should guess.' ' Do you say so?' drawled Yansten, spitting on the carcass. ' Why, they tell us that out Massoorah way the snakes air so big, their head and tail sometimes "fail to cannect" at meal time.' This Transit joke raised a laugh but before the Missourian could reply, Frazer called on us all to heave at the rope hitched round the monster's neck. The snake was skinned, doubled over, and stretched in the smoke of our fire, whence the big jaws gaped down at us as we sat round after sup per. Some one observed that 'a man's hand would come off pretty easy in them nippers.' 'Guess it would r said Frazer 'guess it would so But I've seen snakes from China westwards towards etarnity - whipanakes, rattlesnakes, rocksnakes, corals, ulars, sangres, an' all other devils ; I've seen pythons an' boas in tens an' hundreds, but one snake I never yet see, an' that's the one as would go aside to hurt a human cretur'. I don't say other folks haven't sot eyes on him, but I never did, an' my travel's been very free? ' You're in the right ranch, sir !' said Beasley. 'Why, down West,' snC-id Van sten, 'a sucking babe ain't afeard o' the great sea-sarpint, so long as the old flag's flying overhead. Ain't that so, Beasley l' 'That's so ! The babe's not afraid of any Yankee gas nor lie; an' more'n that, he's gay sure no living cretur' would go willingly under that flag. The babe's a sight safer than a down east Yankee cuss on the Mosquito Shore.' 'Now, then, boys! If you want to shoot, shoot an' get it over; an' if you don't want to shoot, drink ! an' get it down. That's real Western talk, isn't it Well sucked, both. Now, Mr. B \----here wants to know whether any of us, as was born in the wood, an' suckled on tree-joice, ever knew a python to attack a man.' 'rm curious about it,' I said, 'be cause I am nearly convinced that con strictor-snakes, however big, are quite harmless. In all my travels, I never -net with an instance to the contrary, nor have 1 ever heard one told with fair fugle authority.' 'Wal, boys,' began the big Mis sourian. 'as Double Dutch won't fight, an' as I've drunk with him, an' called him a poor cuss right an' fair, rIn tell you right-down scare one of the snakes-worms, we call 'em--gave me down by Leon. It was just at the end of the rains, two years ago. I was riding from Granada to Realejo, onTransit business. Anold Greaser was in company with me, and ollfired sort, who never ate anything, nor drank a drop, nor slept any way com fortable. It's a sort as'll be spunged off this side shortly. A man who don't drink fair an' in reason, likewise sleep, will never think in reason, nor act fair and mainly. That is, not in a general way, I take it; though there's exceptions to all things except a six inch bowie. 'Wall within a league or two of San Jorgd, the bush thickens up, an' at that time of year it was high-piled, 1 you may swear. Such as it was, the track was clear enough, but the mud of the rains had crackled it up like ice 1 on the St. Lawrence in a thaw. There were welts and rifts in it as would break a man's leg if he sot step in them; an' the naked tree trunks stood up all along, plastered an' hang- 1 ing with dry mud. Man don't improve most things in this country--any way, a Greaser don't. Eh ! To look along that crackled mud-track, an' then to throw an eye over the leaves an flowers of the bush, made a man a'most doubt whether this creation was meant just for him to play his games in. 'We'd travelled a mile or two before dawn, an' the sun was but just up, when I heard a wildish sort of cry in the bush. I stopped, of course, to see what might be going; but your Greaser, he said 't were only a calf crying, an' we'd best get on. I said: "That ain't no calf, yer fool! Get on with yer, if yer like, an' save yer darned yeller, skin !" So he bowed as perlite as might be, an' went off I hitched my halter to a prickly espadillo standing there, an' took the bush with my machete an' six-shooter. One or two more cries came ringing out, ring ing through me like the voice of no beast ever I see', but they died away choked like. I got on as fast as thorns would let, an' after a while I heerd a rustling an' a crunching as wasn't pleasant sounds in a rooral solitude. Presently I got through to a little tiny clearing, an' in the middle of that was a sight as would a made yer grandmother talk indelicate, if took suddintly. It was a pretty little clearing as ever I see. There was a lot o' moun tain plains, as they call 'em, growing round the edges. I never see such on mountains, but that's nothing, I s'pose. Guess it's the prettiest stick that springs, that mountain palm. Under neath, on the ground, an' climbing the tree-trunks, was a tangle of blue convolvulus, a big sight more gorgeous than yer best floor-carpets. There were trailing vines there, speckled over with crimson flowers; an' there were purple lilies, an' big soft ferns, an' red-leaved pinneals. Thunder! what an almighty soil that is by Leon I We're bound to have it, sir! There are hundreds of men as good as William Walker now hanging round San Francisco an' New Orleans. Let them raise the flag agin, let 'em call on us Western men agin, an' we'll ask no help to take this land, an' make an Eden of it, as it were once. Ay, sir ! In spite of all, in spite of Europe an' Yankeedon, we'll raise here such a monument to William Walker as shall overshade the highest throne- on 'arth. Western men 'll do it ! The East may turn up the yeller of its eyes, an' gas of human right, but the West goes forth in name of right divine. Walker was no fil libuster! he was an Avenger an' a Recreator in this land !' ' Well, never mind Walker,' I laughed; get on with the story.' 'Naow don't you be so onkind to him. It was a downright fine but up that! Reminds me mostly of my late grandmother's style on Independence Day. Get along for Pike Country, an' never you sweat for British ignor ance.' ' Ah, guess evey one likes big-talk now an' again. You see, sir,' Beasley said to me, 'I knew Walker well. an' I loved him. I volunteered on the Sonora raid; an' I was first on the list for Nicaragua ; ay, an' I was at Trujillo when they shot him. I saw the last of the old lion. I don't care to talk of that business before an Englishman, but if ever so mean an act, so cowardly, so---All right, Frazer; I'm back on the trail. ' In the middle of the glade was a snake full twenty-five feet long, coiled round the body of a calf. His tail was twisted about a small palm-stem, which shook an' creaked with every spasm of the strain. I could see the muscles lengthen like ropes, an' twist up agin short as lightning, crushing the flesh wrapped in their rings. He had three coils about the body, two side by side, an' one above them. His head was pecking, as I might say, at the poor thing's neck, an' every nip drew forth a jet of blood. The calf was dead, I think, but his hanging tongue quivered with each twisting of the coils, an' his ribs crackled up so as I could hear them where I stood. Thunder ! that was a grand pictur'; I never saw a grander. I stood quiet for some minutes, watching, until the snake gave a last gripe, an' then lay still, sleeking his bloody throat among the flowers, like a swan on a pond bank. 'Just then, a notion came into my head to kill the varmin, for he was the biggest I ever see, an' his skin would be worth a good "pinch" at the Sological places in New York I weren't such an etarnal fool as to take shots at the cretur', for I knewa blow o' that long tail would bust in a man's brainbox like cracking hickories; soj I putabout in my mind howit should be done. Just then, I caught a sight of the loose end, wagging and waving like a kitten's when it sees a ball of twist; an' I thought: Suppose you, Jem Beasley, was to armputate that 'ere loose end. Thunder! I did it slick. A slice of my machete armputated two foot six as clean as a minister's daughter at visitation ! 'Wall! an' then, ye know, I sloped etarnal quick; but the snake were quicker, I tell youn! The rattle an' crashing behind me was loud enough to scare a marble staatoo; an' before rd got three yards through the bush, I knew it were onmytrail Great Heaven, how I swot! I tore along through the thorns an' pinnelas, leaving flesh on every bush; but it weren't no use, an' I knew that well. The darned worm glided after me sure as Death, making two yards to my one. I swear to you, boys,I heerd it snorting an' roaring like a wounded grisly, an' its stinking breath burned through my back. I knew't were no use running, an' in a few seconds the scare passed off--'t were down right bad at first-an' I turned to front the varmin. But when I saw it not three feet from me, I turned to run agin, an' I'm ashamed to own ittono man. Itsthroat was beat up in an under-curve to the level of my waist, an' the great white month was all agape, an' clotted with thick blood. Behind it was a whirl of leaves an' dust an' broken branches, an' in the midst shone two big eyes, mad with spite, glaring into mine. Such eyes-such eyes! They seemed to burn an' stare with a fire from inside, an' the clear cover over them looked white an' filmy like horn. I mind me thinking: If they would but blink, those awful eyes; if they would but glance aside, only for a pulse-beat, I would be all myself agin. But they glared an' blazed out of the dust with such fiendish spite that I felt like a squirrel charmed by the rattler.-At St. Louis once, I see a madman chained, who had just that look, an' for an instant the face of that madman seemed- A! Aun' then I don't recollect much more. There was a crash an' a wild rush-a reeking stench filled my nostrils-a pressure like death wrapped in my throat an' chest -I felt blow after blow upon my head-then, I suppose, I swounded with suffocation an' loss of blood. ' It was that old Greaser saved me. He guessed something was wrong, an' came to see. A good old fellow he were, but so darned perlite ! The snake gave him a likely blow with its tail before it let me go; but he cut right an' left with his machete, an' the cretur' slunk off at last. I had three ribs broken, my face an' scalp bitten to ribbons, as you see, an' my left arm fractured in two places. The loss of his tail to " bear" on saved me; but 't were a durned close thing that time, boys; an' I don't know as ever I felt more kindly to any man than I did to that old Greaser. Though he were perlite-he were! ' But I'd near forgotten the p'it of the nairrative; that snake went back an' ate his calf-by the Etarnal, he did, boys !' 'Naow, that's a pretty likely story, sneered Vansten. 'Is anybody agoin' in against Pike County I If so, let him look up his dictionary words, an' cast a mental glance over the Police GazUte. There's superior adventure an' right-down first-class fiction in the Accident column.' - 'Beasley's story is true enough,' Frazer flashed out, ' an' you know that well, Double Dutch! Tell yer what it is, hombre, if your interior is not fixed with a new an' superior wind hole before we sight Greytown agin' I shall be ghastly surprised. Colonel Bowie is king on the Rio Indio, mind yer. Naow, I'll tell yer a story my self, Mister B-, as ain't quite so scarin' as Pike County's, but were pretty rising to the system. 'It was out Eastaway. We'd run over from Singapore to Sarhwick, which ollfired desolation Sir James Brooke, Bart., has changed from a free an' enlightened republic into a bigoted monarchy. Now, sir, I ain't going to argoo with you or any man, so don't do it. The change may ha' been for the good o' that well-wooded country or it may not; it's a fact, an' that's enough for me. When I get hold of a downright live fact, I claw on to it tight, for such ain't common.' ' I was only going to ask whether Rajah Brooke's kingdom is called Sara wick by the natives T 'No, sir. The down-trodden hea then call it Sarawah; but that's noth ing. ' We were loading ship-timber in the creek of Maritabas, which might prove a good location for mosquito-culture but ha'n't no other resources, so fur as I know. The Company were so ollfired slow in sending down lumber, that we prospected the country freely in waiting forit. Among other travels, I got to the Shntubong mouth of the Sarawick River, an' passed a day or two there shooting wild pigs, which air deev'lish frequent about that coast. We were wandering one day along the foot o' the mountain, me an' Harding the mate, an' a kind o' mad squatter 1 found there, who was growing a big thing in cocoa-nuts an' consiquint dung-beetles. One of our boatmen was with us too, a good sort, named S'Ali, one of them wild Sulumen who live on general plunder, an' thrive in face o' the Ten Commandments. ' We were travelling through " Cam pong" jungle, as they call it there old clear wood, where there ain't much game, nor ought else but tree-trunks. They're powerfull pretty, as you say, Beasley, these woods of Mosquito and San Juan; they're right down gay an happy-looking with their flowers an' painted birds, an' butterflies an' living cretur's, But there's a something about them eastern forests which we can't hoe aginst nohow. The trees there are bigger in girt', an' taller;an' their great branches so shnt out the sun, that 'twixt time an' etarnity nought has ever lived beneath'em Hundreds of yards round, you may throw yer eye down long dim avenoos of tree-trunks, an' not a leaf nor a green thing in sight, unless maybe, a rff of fern, or a long trailing orchid, or a pile of monkey-caps growing side by side like tea-cups on a tray. A man mightgo mad easy in them " Cam pongs," I should guess! It's right down lonely to go through them by yourself; an' the Lord have care and mercy on yer if yer lose the trail ! No cretur' lives in them, neither bird' nor beast, nor reptile. There is never a sound to be heard. The party goes silently along, Indian fashion, like as a dim procession of ghosts winding among the trees. Just the crackling of a stick in the oozy black soil under foot makes one start out It's a right down solemn thing, I tell yer, boys, is a Campong forest of the Straits. 'Wal, sir! that day we were cruis ing round without any thought of game, which is only to be got near sun down or at night. A little bowie an a jack-knife was all the weapons we had with us. The squatter was head ing to the Company's lumber- mills, which had just been fixed up in this likely location, We were through the little corner of Campongto be trav ersed, an' was skirting a line of new jungle where the undergrowth shot up like as a wall of green, an' where every inch of roadway must be cut before ynou. *The squatter was a lazy sort, except at drinking an' beetle-picking, an' he walked along the line of brush looking out for a soft plac-j Sud denly, I pulled him up short bypoint ing out the queerest bit o' log-timber ever you see. It was a regular half circle curving outwards in the Cam pong bothendabeinghiddenbythe thick jungle, which hung down like a mat A rum-looking logthat were,boys!' Twas just the very longest size of python, to have an end at all, as can be matched in this creation. I were not so old a woodsman then, an' at first sight I did take the cretur' for a fine specimen of log-timber-I did so. His skin was all wrinkled an' hanging, like bark on a dying trunk; an' the black an' grey scales, nigh as big as my palm looked just as moss migL *on a rotten tree. We 'st6od-still '"taling it him ' an' atilkinig iii whispers. . .:" . - " Damiihe !"''mutters ' :the' sguatter;, " he's five foot--girt', if he's a hinch; an' hungry at that. Look at the bangs of his skin: ihe'll not-'lie still 'much longer!" " A' forty-footer, I guess," says' Harding, "an' that count would• leave a fair natrgin for emergency in the Smatter o' tail.'?-: " " Now,' wht's. the idee, perdominat ing in' vouri , indombitable -soul P' whispers I to thesquatter..: :'"Shall 'we track off, or shall we :waken this large size reptile x' r' . :i ': : " Guess the territ6ry air mine,'if tis hany one's," says he'; "':an' if .sarpints, which is a beast as don't eat beetles; comes on my ground, ahinteifering with my 'cocoa-nuts an' my: ,British liberty, which has subsisted through= out etarnity, by the downi-rightasing'lar protection of Heving- I say I've a: right to hexecute that sarpin t-o more so.' 'I thought that old beetle:catcher was mad when first'I 'see hini,' an':at that nmomnentI kniew' it. . "How air you going: to :execute him Y" I whispered. "Wall,"' lie said, " l'm the tallest an' strongest of this party,- an'-I shall take your.boatsman's parang, give one chop at the cretur's body,':an' run away as fast asimy extr'or'nary agility will permit. Arter that,"' said he, "we'll come with theldogs, track 'the blood, an' shoot him,". 'I didn't haRlf like it; l] tell you; but' Harding chuckled up like ai charity boy' on washin'-day ; an' says he, spitt ing on his hands: "Shall I hold his tail for you,- mister, while you make a chip T' ' But 'the old squratter he turned, to S'Ali, who.was standing',about twenty feet away, an'- becdored him up : " 'Give me your' parang," whispers he, with his eyes tixed on the snake. Bit thu nigger never stirred. "Give me your.parang, 'darn yer," muttered the squatter ; but devil a bit did he move. ' We all turned. The Malay's face was green an' yellow in dull patches, an' the sweat stood out shiningly' all over it; an' as we stood :looking,'his eyes suddenly began to roll an' h:lie drew the heavy parang slowly from: the sheath ; then the black of :his eyes went up under the lids, an' flashed out again, quick as thought.: He held the parang straight in front, shaking the end like a Dutchman handling a bowie. His lips parted, an"' the forim;n red stained with phnang, gathered about his ebony teeth,.. I thought the nigger was going into a fit, an' turned towards the squatter with my mouth open to speak ; but his face was so gray an' set with fear., that I was stricken dumb. He clutched me with a trembl ing hand. " Come pn, comle away !" he whispered .hoarsely. We knew no other peril, Harding an' I, but that big snake lying quiet at our feet; but the old man was so glrashly scared, that we turned without a word, an' followed him or, the back-track. Once Harding trod on a dry stick, which snapped sharply in the silence-such a face the old man turned on us ! 'About fifty yards away, I looked behind. S'Ali we standing. with his back to us, slowly 'waving the parang an' seeming to pant and shake all over. Siuddenly his feet moved, An' lie began to dance backwards and forwards, with arms outstretched, an' huimming a low song. Thunder ! it was about as funny a scenie as one could wish to behold, if we'd only had'a six-shooter or a rifle among us. But 'when' the old squatter heard that 'song, "he glanced behind, an' in air instant :took to his heels. "Amok, amok!" was all the answer he'd give to our breathless questions, an' we needed no more to make us shlew our'rexr'or'naryagility." S'Ali was on the very point of running a .iiuck, when we took alarm, an' left him. 'Yes, it was fear that drove him mad, if you can' call an " amok" mad. He came back to the bungalow about Stwo hours afterwards, an' asked me, as catlnm as could ie,' whether we had killed the snake after he left.. I got ridl of himin quietly in Singapore; a' his next nmaster had my very primest symlpathy.' 'Did you' ever again meet an ":imok f' .I asked. . .': 'Yes, sir! I did so. And maybe 1'11 tell you that some day. -:It was a likely story, you may swear.-Kini man, must we set a watch in' this ollfired location ? T?E SOUaiD OF a a Surn~Ed .-- e of the most wonderful discoveries': in science that has been made within the last year or two is in fact that a beai of light produces sound. A beam of sunlight is thrown, through a lens on a glass vessel that contains lampblack coloured silk or Worsted, or other sub stances. A disc,having slits or openings cut in it, is made to revblve swiftly in this beam of light, so'as to cut it up, thus making alternate flashes of light andti shadow. On putting the ear. to the glass vessel strange sounds are heard so long as the flashing beam is falling on the vessel.' Recently a more won derful discovery has been made. A iheamnn of sunlight' "is caused to pass through a prisnm, so as to pro duce what is called the solar spectrunn, or rainbow. The disc is turned, aid the colouredl light is made to break through it. Now place the ear.to the vessel containing the silk, wool, or other material. As the coloured lights of the spectrum, falls upoh it sounds will be given by different paits of the spectruntid thlere will be silencein other parts. For instance if' , the vessel contains red worsted aixd .the green light flashes upon t, loud sounds will be given.i Only a feeblesound will be heard if the red and blue pa.rts .of the rainbow falll' upon the vessel, aud the other colours malke no sound at all. Green silk gives soundbest in red lihht. Every kind of material gives more or less , sound, and in. different colo;~rs, utters no sound in others. i SParents, teach your girls to whistle through1 their fingers in tliheir youth, so that wheni 'they cone to' years of unfderstands';i t'ey Smay' beable t' hail ihe traimdear" iritiiut Sendangeri? gth:eeyes of a sufferihg -poulace with theirparaos 