 OUR DISUSED GRAVEYARDS. WHAT THEY ARE AND WHAT THEY MAY BECOME. In looking over the many disused ceme- teries of this city, the words of Job loom through the centuries and rise to one's mind : " Now, should I have lain still and been quiet ; I should have slept; then had I been at rest with the kings and counsellors of the ca th, which built desolate places for themselves." What these old cemeteries may have been no new comer may know ; but to-day one fact is painfully prominent —with scarcely an exception they are in a very disgraceful state, reflecting discredit alike upon those who have charge of them and those who are yet alive and have kins- folk buried there, beneath some ruined vault or battered tablet Sir Walter Scott has brought vividly before the world the quiet and singular labours of Old Mortality, whose mallet and chisel would allow no Covenanters name or epitaph to be obliterated by time or weather from the memorial stones placed over the grave of those zealous sec- taries, To-day the world finds itself too busy to produce enthusiasts of this kind. It was far too busy in the Old Country, too, for that matter, but a time came when large hearted men saw that the neglected city churchyards could be made beautiful, and the example was followed by those without the gates. Hemmed in by high, black, brick walls, pierced by grimy windows, was the city churchyard of the past. A filthy exhala- tion arose in a damp mist from the rotting vegetation. Rank grass and straggling words worked their way between the chinks of monuments and tombs, and slowly but certainly widened the breach between stone and stone — "The griealie todestoole growne there mought I see, 'And loathed paddocks lording on the same." But all this has been changed. In most instances broken stones have been restored or placed in orderly array against a wall, and the grass covering the mounds is kept rich and green. Shady evergreens flourish where the sprouting docks were wont to be, and brilliant flowers bloom where spiney thistles grew. The pincke and purple Cullambine, With gelliflowres, Coronatlons and sops of wine Worne of paramoures ; The prettie paunce And the chevisaunce, bloom in their seasons. Fragrant shrubs and scented flowers now shed their perfume on the air which smells of trade did mono- polise before. Cool plashing fountains relieve the jaded eyes of business men and artisans, and speak of waterfalls and veil- like streams which trickle down some rocky face in Scotland's mountain lands. These little spots are cases within a world of noise and work. Hobart is not London. " There needs no ghost come from the grave to tell us this." But in spite of its beautiful surroundings— the rich full southern breeze giving health to the sick, the aroma of the eucalyptus which floats from the hills encom- passing the city—there are many living here who are too far away from the Domain and other open spaces to be able to enjoy them, principally old people and children. Omitting Franklin-square and the Barrack reserve, there are few public gardens in the city where the old and infirm may rest, and get a full view of the beauties of the town and enjoy a blow in the open air. As for the children, they play in the street, hence the frequency of broken bones and broken windows. It so happens that many of the disused cemeteries are in the most densely populated parts of the city. For instance, the Roman Catholic Cemetery at the top of Brisbane-street. There is a great number of houses around this place, and many a mother could take her needle work for an hour in the afternoon, and do it under far better circumstances than in a close room were this place turned into a public gar- den. A more desolate spot it would be hard to imagine. Old kerosene tins, paint pots, battered kettles, spoutless teapots, dead cuts, crownless hats, filthy rags, and the offscourings of dirty houses are here dumped down and distributed throughout the ground. From the decay of this rubbish a nauseous stench arises. The soldiery of Titus were not more wanton in their destruction of Jerusalem than the mischievous beings who have worked ruin among many of the beautiful sepulchres in this place. Graceful Celtic crosses have been thrown down or broken into fragments. Epitaphs and texts have been battered and obliterated, not so much by weathering as by irreverent hands. One beautiful tomb in particular is dis- figured by what appear to be nothing less than bullet wound". Funereal urns and inverted torches have been torn from one tomb and taken to another or thrown to the ground, where the gorse and yarrow have tried to charitably cover up the guilty work. The iron railings sur- rounding family graves have been snapped off short, bent up, or carried away entirely. Cows wander among the tombs and defile them as they crop the grass from the graves. The requests from the departed for prayers for their souls while their bodies await resurrection fall upon no ears save those of troops of boys who make havoc among the stones, Gorso, broom, briars, yarrow, docks, valerin, overrun the tombs, and in most cases completely hide them. The " cypresse funerall," the gum, wattle, laurel, and ti- tree are here, and their beauty could be turned to good account if the cemetery were again kept in order or turned into a public garden. Many years ago a great many people used to visit the cemetery. It is most beautifully situated, commanding an extensive view of the broad waters of the Derwent and the hill ranges beyond. Here lie many of the most illustrious in the city, both lay and cleric, and many of lesser note, but having some claim upon the stranger for a passing prayer for their peaceful rest. From the north-west corner to the south- east a diagonal footpath might be made. This would give a person going to or from the city the advantage of a short cut and a pleasant walk, and if made with care no grave would be disturbed. Surely the honest footfall of worker would less profane the burying place than the sprawling hoof of the cow. But this Cemetery is not an exception. Further to the northward in Hill-street will be found the disused Wealeyan Cemetery, a small enclosure with strong walls abound- ing in breaches. The boys of the neigh- bourhood, following the thief in the parable, prefer to enter the fold by getting over the wall, for it is far easier than the gate. The memorial stones here are not especially beautiful, but they are interest- ing, as bearing the names of some of those who are not yet forgotten in the city. The graves, in most instances, are enclosed by iron or wooden fences with locked gates. Probably the padlocks, which secured them, are now attached to some fowl house or stable in the vicinity. The fences them- selves suggest the old high pews with which our righteous fathers delighted to surround themselves and snore in secret, while the pauper parishioners blinked in the free seats. For " we brought nothing into this world and it is certain we can carry nothing out," yet in these days we see a Vanderbilt rear- ing his own elaborate mausoleum, and a Chinese gardener over- anxious that by hook or by crook his bones may rest in the Flowery Land. If a cherub is a baby's head with wings attached, then there are many representations in stone of that phenomenon in this cemetery. Some are of a most melancholy countenance, and would come well within Mr. Sowerby's professional requirements : others are jolly, good- tempered little rascals, lacking a bow and a body to turn them into Cupids. All have been mutilated, noses broken off, and wings docked. In every instance the graves tell tales of neglect on the part of those who must yet be living in the city, judging by the familiar names on the tombstones. The place is given over to predatory fowls and cats. Chanticleer throws out his challenge from the top of a wasting monument, and howling cats make the night hideous among the tombs. The square itself is not large, but were the tombstones straightened up or placed flat against the wall, and the shrubs trimmed and grass mown, it would be a nice little rest place. The city is expanding, surely; if irregularly, and a shady garden here and there may become a great boon in future years. Perhaps, for historic interest St. David's burial ground is by far the most interesting. Here lie the ashes of many who have died by flood or fire. In some cases details are given as to how the deceased came by his death. For instance, one rev. gentleman " hastening to assist a sick friend, his horse, urged to full speed on a dark night fell, and caused his untimely end." Again, " Gregor McGregor, assistant surgeon, age 25." " Was wrecked just on the eve of completing his voyage from England to Van Diemen's Land on the night of the 12th April, 1835, in the convict ship George III., which was lost by striking upon a rock near the Acisson Reef." The narrative relates how the unfortunate man escaped from the wreck only to get lost in the bush, where he was afterwards found, but eventually died of exhaustion. Yet another stone tells how one brother, aged 25, was poisoned at sea, and another brother, aged 26, was drowned at sea. In many cases the source of death is given; some by explosion of a reglist?? some in coal mines, and some by such commonplace ailments as bronchitis. One tombstone is evidently the work of an amateur. The stone is erected by a sorrow- ing husband in memory of his departed wife. It appears to have served a similar purpose elsewhere, or else been discarded by a pavior. It is adorned with devices of a sepulchral character, skulls and cross bones and hour glasses, etc. The lettering is unique ; here a tall I will be placed before a diminutives. Capitals and small letters, small capitals and italics, all jostle one another for places, like a troop of Asiatic irregulars. In many instances the engravers have had easy consciences with regard to punctuation. Here a semi-colon is dropped, and there a note of interrogation. Full stops, commas, dashes and colons have been showered among the words and between the letters with a lavish hand. This is noticeable in all the cemeteries. Engravers on tombstones generally have a large stock of points on hand, and drop them about their work with careless indifference. One tomb in St. David's Cemetery has been adorned with frescoes, but they have long disappeared by weathering. So far as the designs can be made out they bore similar character to those surrounding old-fashioned memorial cards. Sepulchral ruins, broken shafts, weeping "willows worne of paramours." The tombs of Governors Sir Eardley Wilmot and David Collins are specially interesting. They are totally different to one another in style. Sir Eardley's resembles some ancient foun- tain taken from a continental market place. The other, a large, heavy, freestone struc- ture, is strikingly suggestive of a military memorial. The motto of the Royal Marines, Per mare per terram, and devices of a mar- tial character, are engraven upon it. The name of Sir John Franklin, and as one of those who reared the tomb, immediately opens up a train of thought which brings vividly before the mind the unknown grave of the great explorer in the desolate regions, beyond the Arctic circle. The joints are opening in Sir Eardley Wilmot's tomb and the stones gradually becoming displaced. Im- mediate attention to the memorial is im- imperative before it falls entirely to pieces. Close by is the vault beneath which that pioneer of science and literature in Tasmania, Mr. Bicheno, lies. The tomb is very plain, and has little to distinguish it from the others, save by the armorial bearings of the family. There are many other tombs here which bear the names of those who were public charac- ters in the early days of the colony, but in almost every instance nothing but woeful neglect is to be seen on the part of those who must yet be living in the city, and who probably would be the first to object to any re-arrangement of the stones to make the place beautiful. The ditch or creek running through the cemetery is about half full of water, slimy, green, and stagnant, the poisonous gases beneath escaping by bubbles on its surface. A clever landscape gardener would have ample material to make the place very attractive. The creek could be kept clean and utilised to fill a fish or water-fowl pond, and the existing trees trimmed and made to beautify the place. A useful footpath could be made from the south-west corner to the Government Offices. This would save resi- dents of Battery Point a few steps. The trailing periwinkle, with its delicate blue flower and dark shining leaves, and the straggling ivy, would need but little skill to make them cover some unknown vault or or defaced tomb, and so form pleasing ar- rangements of foliage, evergreen and cool. The poetry about the cemetery is on a par with that in similar places. The most popular verse appears to be about the vanity of the physician's art upon those who '' affliction sore, long time they bore." The texts are sometimes chosen without reflec- tion. " Let me die the death ; of the right- eous, and let my last end be like his," is a very popular excerpt from Holy Writ, but few seemed to have thought that the man who uttered it was the means of causing a great nation's defection, and was himself eventually slain in battle. Few texts tell us of a life to come. Some speak of a "para- dise of bliss," which is the certain bourne of all who go down into the grave, whether they be the blackest sinner who has escaped a halter, or the patient, plodding, upright citizen. Among expressions of true grief, a great deal of gush is mixed. For those who place the words into the mouths of the dead know they cannot be cast aside. Very few speak of the life to come, or the time when death and sin will be no more. The incon- sistency with which the Holy Scriptures are read by their exponents finds its counter- parts among the flocks. The old Trinity Cemetery, in Campbell street, is interesting, because here are the convict graves—mounds, without a foot or headstone. The ti-tree and scrub have overgrown them in some places. Here were buried some of the blackest characters ever banished from the white cliffs of Albion— men whose deeds will not allow a word to be breathrd about them. Here they lie. Some never knew a deathbed. They said their last words to the chaplain, and immediately entered Hades. Let their ashes remain unknown and hidden in the ground which was never consecrated to the Almighty, " a field to bury strangers in." although it is not nearly so crowded as the cemeteries above referred to. But here the memorials have been shamefully treated, the stonework broken and defaced, and iron railings destroyed or broken. Heaps of old tins, bones, rags, and refuse are scattered about, and a few timid sheep are usually to be found roaming among the graves. This cemetery is very flat, and capable of being beautifully laid out. The water in the creek— the notorious Park-street rivulet—is not nearly so dirty here as lower down towards the city. It could certainly be used to form a shallow lake or pond. Rushes and reeds could be planted on the creek banks and give the place the appearance of a country stream. Cheap light rustic footbridges could be thrown across, and a few seats placed among the mlniature thicket which has grown over the convicts' graves where the bodies have resolved themselves into their constituents long since. Bodies which were scarred by the "cat" and irons laid into graves by the side of which no sorrowing mourner wept. The disused Presbyterian Cemetery on Trinity Hill is another place where much mischief has been done, but not apparently of late years. The appearance of most of the tombs here indicates wilful neglect rather than damage. Thorns and briars, and-not inappropriately-thistles flourish unchecked and intact. The grass is long and ragged, and masses of herbage cover many of the stones, completely obscuring the inscriptions. One or two of the tombs are handsome structures, but threatened with destruction by the weeds which work their way between the stones and loosen them one from the other. The friends of the departed Scots seemed to have been careful that the world should know at least two things of the "departed," viz., his calling and country. Andrew Macintosh, drummer, born at Caithness. Peter McLure, saddler, a native of Dumfriesshire. [These names are fictitious.] The position of the cemetery is rather a favoured one; weak persons or invalids sitting in it may obtain a full and uninterrupted view of Mount Wellington and the adjoining ranges. The application of the judicious scythe and shears, the use of a little mortar or cement, with the distribution of a few flower seeds, would work wonders. The place would cost but very little to keep it in repair and good order. There is no open space nearer this spot where children may play or old folk enjoy a blow of fresh air, than the Domain. St. George's Cemetery, separating Albuera and Byron streets, is one which is capable of great improvement. Here are many beau- tiful trees, which may have been no more than saplings when the place was in use. Now they have grown up to a considerable size, and are very ornamental. Thegeneral rule affecting the order of the cemeteries referred to is carried out here. " Wooden tomb- stones" are rotting on the ground, and the borders made of the same material which surround the graves are also going to ruin. The tombstones are all akimbo like a drunken regiment. Some lie face downwards, and others flat on their backs. Some, again, are broken to pieces, and the fragments dis- tributed about the ground or missing entirely. Ornamental portions of the tombs have been destroyed or carried away from the place altogether. Chains and railings are wanting, here and there. The hand of the destroyer has not spared the inscriptions and words, or letters are wanting to complete some of the sentences. The same appearance of carelessness and neglect is as conspicuous here as elsewhere. The amateur botanist, "To win the secret of a wood's plain heart," might secure a small herbarium from the varied plants which are exotics to the colony, and flourish in this and other cemeteries within the city boundaries. The adjoining Barracks Reserves are ample in the way of recreation grounds, so that there would be no real need for this cemetery to be used for that purpose. But there can be no reason why a little discreet labour should not be employed in keeping the place in order, trimming the shrubs and mowing the grass. This cemetery, like the others, is not open to the public ; and, in truth, the public are not clamouring that they should be walls they remain in the present neglected condition. St. George's Cemetery could in time be turned into a lovely garden. The wonders that have been done in loss favoured cities than Hobart are examples which would pay for the copying. Let the people once know and feel the garden-cemeteries are their property, and they will become a volunteer police force, ever ready to protect their property from the spoliation of the larrikin-a variety of humanity peculiar to Australia, but at the same time having many representatives of his class among the Anglo-Saxon peoples wherever they be. Hobart has only one public square, and that, though beautifully kept, is hardly large enough to swing the proverbial cat. The title of the Sanitary and General Improvement Association of this city is only half-earned at present. Cer- tainly good vigilance work has been done in sanitary matters, but the scope of the Asso- ciation is not a limited one. Time goes on. The city increases in size, and still Franklin square is the only place of the kind within its boundaries, omitting, of course, the Bar- racks-reserve. Judging from the condition of the ceme- teries, dealt with at length above, the survivors of the buried cannot pos- sibly raise any objection to moving a grave stone here or a monument there, providing the doing so would enhance the beauty of the grounds. Such spaces as would be afforded by St. Mary's or the Wesleyan cemeteries are urgently needed in the localities in which they are situated. This is a work which the members of the Sani- tary and General Improvement Association might profitably take up. They need not go further than Launceston to see the effect of true public spirit and its reward. It is well known that nothing can be done with the cemeteries until 30 years after the last interment. The condition of the best kept of the graves and the stones, together with the latest inscriptions thereon, would seem to indicate that this period is some distance off its completion. But this may not deter public-spirited men from taking action in the matter. Some amicable arrangement might be arrived at between the trustees of the cemeteries, so that at least the grounds might be kept in some- thing like order. 