TTISE MISER'S IL££.i€¥. " He's come, ?.Ir. Herman." "Come ? Come at last? Are you sure of it, Joe ?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe I'oppinger, with a confident nod of his head. "He's taken that old house — the Haunted House, the neigh bors call it— and he's moved into it, bag and bagcage, which ain't much, by the way." i; Any servants with him, Joe?" " Only one — a crooked okl woman — as threw a porringer of. hot water over me when I came round to ax if I could be of anj use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have tho whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you see tbe old man yourself, Joe ?" " Sec him, Mr, Herman ? I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing-gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and 1 s'pesed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers 'going. He was a runniu' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here is a balf-a-crown for you." " Tbank'ec, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And tbe stable boy, wbo belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at tlie front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molincaux had arrived at last — tlie rich and eccentric relative — on tbe re version of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all bis life been building aerial castles. At last — and Herman resolved the very next day to call ar.d pay bis respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that be had taken a lease of the Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, "I certainly never should have buried my.selE in this ont-of-way place awaiting his advent ; and if I hadn't thought I could, work into his good graces I never should 'have taken the trouble to hunt him up. Ileigho ! Sometimes I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it." And so the next day Mr. Franklyn called Miner Molincaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, likeMarius amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that lie kept one hand on tlie ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. " Well, young man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. " So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. " Humph I My health is well enough ? Better than you wish it. I dare say." " My dear sir " "But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on tbe old man, still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those wbo consult my wishes more than you have done." " But, my dear cousin " " Words are all very well," said the old miser, shrugging his shoulders, " but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony — and yet you go and engase yourself to get married to a girl who hasn a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. "And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this— this" tapping, as be spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that " Stuff and nonsense 1" yelled the old mat " What you knew 0r didn't know is perfectly immaterial to me. Leave me to my books writinc. That's all I ask of any So Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. " I must break my engagement." said he to himself. " That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." Josie Hall was sitting in tbe farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black- eyed, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eye brows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half anvuish, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. "I understand," said she, "you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek. " But I think perhaps it would be better for both oE us " " And I haven't the least doubt of it," pas sionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times better ; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring up any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went, on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the. reward— as at least he esteemed it— came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill, he was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, aThing he never would have done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman? " he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured the young man, as the doctor had that morn- said that the patient's spirts must be kept up At nil linmrrla " And you won't leave me ? " " Certainly not, if my presence can he of any satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted fortune-seeker. " But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax ; " she won't like it." " Do you think that I could persist in any thing contrary to your wishes ?" reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn. " The en gagement is broken." " Good 1" croaked the old man. " Engage ments are a humbug, in any event. Engage ments to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On tbe fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. "My fortune is made now," thought Her man, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and beard di rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that .Tosie had been well sacrificed. # lou wasn't at the tuneral, eh?" said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew faster than ever through the cam bric- she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he?" said Mrs. Pierce. "I don't rightly know about that," said Widow I-Iall. But you don't mean to, say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all?" ' . , «i Nothing but a few sticks of furniture,, -andisome rusty coin3 as no decent store- "kcepc-r would give change for.'' ; The widow's eyes shone through her spec- -.tacle glasses. . " Land o' massy !" said" she, ' And what whs in the iron box as everybody had so j much to say about— the iron box as was j willed to Herman Franklyn. _ . fjkJjwL't kg ;»hppt.s nf jiniif.r as held a diction-, tbe old man had been writing all his DiMntiscripti the lawyer called it, ;;whever that may her He thought it was 'wprih a deal of jnlpney, and he'd . spent/his; ;ail)qunting up books as nobody but: himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. " Humph J". said tbe Widow Hall. " And ' I didn't sit near enough to liim to rightly hear," said Mrs. Pierce, "'but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung the whole bundle on the back of the fire. I saw it blaze up mj- self." " And was that all ?" asked the Widow Ilall. " That was all," responded her informant. "I am glad of it I" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. :i I never was so glad of anything in ail my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn called the next clay, meek and subdued, ff Josie bad been a model heroine she would have thrown both bci arms around his neck and vowed that sh< loved him better than ever. But she was only a very human little girl, so she stood up with dignitv and said : 11 1 wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn." " But, Josie " ' There is the door, sir !" said Josie. " Fic-asc to walk out!" And there was nothing left for it but tc " walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in the village grave-yard, and public rumor bas added yet another ghost to the spectral popu lation of the Haunted Hoase — a yellow-vis- aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carrier in his hand a padlocked bos. 