THE UAIETY HALL. Friend Speed, of Gaiety repown, con tinues to make the pace warm for bis very much lower down the street rival, the Alhambra. Speed's company, ocoupying the Gaiety boards so successfully, is far away superior to anything in town at the time of writing. The programme is both IVUg cauu toncu) duuj ctuuvo t»»'j aiuuoiug in tlie extreme, in which the Bovis Bros., Sam. Keenan, Connor, Shaw and Lyndon, do turns of a particularly catchy nature, whilst the lady members of the company are alike admirable. Foremost may be mentioned Miss Ruth Wallace, whose topicaU were perhaps written by J. Steele Robertson, and form one of the successes of the show. We have almost forgotten Amy Eowe and ttie little Goldings, who, as of yore, are bright particular stars in their respective lines. The Gaiety Hall presents far away the best variety pro gramme in the city at the present time, and is deserving of its popularity. rpTIT? A T tJAVrRUA The only other variety house open is the Alhambra (the Opera Houoe) whose programme throughout the past week hats been, if anything, more disappointing than ever. As might be expected, the attend ance has not been such as to canso the interference of the authorities, in fact, thu only wonder is — how the ghost manages to keep his feet. The question is, does he ? On Sunday evening, under sensible and courteous management, Snazelle booms. The Steens hold their owq at St. George's, likewise the two cycloramas, Jerusalem and the Siege of Paris, much (o the delight of Manager Brown. The up above picture of Jerusalem fairly booms, whilst Paris has, before to-day, proved a veritable draw. Long iite and success to it. Tlie Fighting Kangaroo, not forgetting ' Professor Davis and Miss Grace Stanley, l-wuhuu&o; iv mtiuucu Liit; (man: or i run. Stuart, the Waxworks manager, who is more than satisfied with the present busi ness of Lib pleasant little resort. The committee of management in con iitutinij with the approaciiiti.'. benefit to our ponular pressman, Mr. Put. Finn, have tlie business a(iair& well in hand. ' A Xing uf Sliaiiows and Dreams ' is to be tlie protection, fie same being a rntU-ir clever irluL-taiion by Mr. Finn of Mirk Twain V) 'Prince end the Pauper. Tiie sh.jiv mkes place ou the 4th Juli, itnd great things are expected. Mi1. Herm-ii M«fi'!iilsiain iuteaili pro ducing liis WiHrmiiiK littie piay entitled ' Dreaming ' ut the Richmond Town-hall early mxt month. An excellent caRt bus been secured, and, in conjunction with the tiilenied Austral Olub, an eniovuble even in ? id promised. The financial, and we suppose, the social success of tlie past week iiab bueu thu Aopletin benefit, which eventuated at the Bijou on Thursda» --veiling. The attend ance proved h hriliiant exception to the nii nowadays, indued, it's many a uight since the Bijou presented such a pleasing spectaol' 'Sassiety,' headed by our 'Actir,i-'' Governor ani 6uite,crow'lei the circle to u erflowing, and spread it-ieif bioadcast over the major pirt of the stalls, whilst we more humble citizens contented ourselves by mixing wifli the ?' gods,' who fairly filled the upper portioua. Tlie programme (lengthy as usual on such oc casions) commenced wiili the 'admired' (^quotation rrom programme, wmcu all de pends) play, 'Iu Honor Bound.' Cuntrary to es.pectationf, it proved an undoubted frost. This dramatic trifle of Grundy's requires tlie one essential — good acting. Lacking that it drugs, and drag it did on the ocs'apion tin'i.-i- notice. AV« Juivb seen it pia^e'l t'uies, without number, but never befoi- , we admit, tlirough the medium or' tiie ' sassiety' ainuteur, and we are forced to confess that We are nut at all anxious to do so again. . In all tbe cast the oaly light that caused a glimmer of success whs tho 'Rose' ol Miss Bthee Haydop, wlio'is i.-ertain1y*'t6T)e congratulated upon scoring where Mr. ii. 8. Inaes Noad, Mr. J. A. Levey, and Mrs Alfred Cernish tailed visibly. But Hie success of the evening was undoubtedly the balcony scene from 'Romeo and Julie',' in which , Mr. L. B. Truebridge ami Miss Maud Appleton filled the name parts, -ably as sisted by the beneficiare as ' llercutio,' and Mr. Seymour as 'UBriivoiio.' This affecting' tale of Italian love anil passion, as portrayed by Mr. Truabridge ani Miss Maud Appleton, is deserving of the highest award of merit, indei'd, so ex cellent ^ks the general ettect, wetitive little hesitation in saying that it him ony once been -surpassed in this city — ttint ih in tbe memorable Princess pioductinn. Mr. J rufthndgu is in possession or a fine j voice and- admirable presence, both of win'd) l:« -isen like' n trim artist, whilst MisB Apploton surprised her most intimate friends. That -she -vas nt! n 'Julist' hliould be, suffice to ask, .was 1 here a mSn in the whole theatre that would not will ingly have changed places with the Romeo under notice ? Of the balance of the pro gramme — save perhaps ' Our Boye,'— w& would polomnly pass over in silence. Bur ing the evening Mr. Appleton thanked all for the noble manner in which they had rolled around him. We question very much whether the proverbial 'king's horses and all the king's men ' could draw His Excellency the Acting- Governor Dr. Madden to an, amateur dramatic performance at Prahroh again. The above sentence is founded upon the sensational, not to say painful, at the same time amusing proof of what may happen to a liberal ' acting' gover nor in Victoria. On Monday evening last nn flmntmir nrminicatiftn nf +1ia i^famntin persuasion, styled the Vita A.D.C., eBsayed to give, with professional assistance, a public performance, which, unfortunately, proved to be a mo6t painfully private one, of Lord Lytton's beautiful play. 'The Lady of Lyons,' in five acts. The ab surdity of the whole thing was immense. Firstly, amateurs appearing in such & renowned masterpiece, a play in which good acting alone could command success, and lastly the Queen's representative being called upon to sit in state in an affair in which his own suite form — well, almost the majority of those present, After entering the hall the Vice-Regal party were allowed by Ibe management a liberal interval of balf-an-hour breathing time, so that they might commune— with the empty chairs that surrounded them on all sides, except in a few instances, where occupied, but these were so few and far between as to give the spacious hall an appearance akin to the great Sahara, the audience, so to speak, being the precious oases. When, at 8.30 (half an hour after time), an alleged amateur orchestra — Tile Bohemian — relieved the terrible agony of the long silence somewhat with an over ture, which, as they say io tbe classics, was' just a leetle above their nobs.' The curtain up, play proceeds to the entire s itisfaction of the 6tage-struck amateur, who. in one instance, was so bent on making a Vice-Regal impression that, ia as. elocutionary effort, he blew off, or swallowed, we forget which, his cherished moustache and 'make-up' generally, much to tlie amusement of the Vice-Regal party and the empty chairs. However, both the amateuis and the 'acting11 governor's hearts were true to Poll, and, ' as cliaiity covereth a multitude of sins,' we have only one moral to draw, that is, ' patronage and presence of the ' dis tinguibhed,' in this paragon age. is not worth the space that the too often cherished announcement covers. 