THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of “289 It, The 8ton’ of it Doublo Llfo,” “ Tito Mystery of tt Millionaire's Grave,” ate. AXTI IN AIIM STUDYING TIIK I1KAUTIES Or NATURE. CHAPTER XXIII.—(CoxTixL'm.) ±nc Etowara cnmo at tho summons, and m 5» few minutes Cholly'a eyes wore spark ling quito aB much eg the brimming1 glanti | oF Moot he held iu his somewhat slinky j 44 Here’s to our morry mooting, William,” ho fluid. 44 And now,’’ ho continued, as soon na he Jmd tossed off ono tumbler and had it refilled, 14 Now it doesn’t seem half so diffioult to mako plodges of reformation aftor you’vo quonchod your thirst with stuff! like that. Woll, I am now quite willing to oonaidoryour proposal. First, I think you said you wero "to toll tho contain and stoo^ards I was on ‘allowance, and that yon were tho only nl lowancor. Wocon’t that it, William?” 44 That wassomothing liko ray proposal.” “And I daresay I waa to sit by you at 'tablo and yem’d kinder fill my glass or pass tho bottlo with a wink, oh?” “Yes, that would do.” 44 Ah 1 well, to this last I couldn’t have any kind o’ possible objection. But, Wil liam doar, don’tyou forgot that boozers 1ms their feelings. I'm not alludin’to tho jumps now, William, to simkos and such, and uushols of starty dreams. No, certainly not, "but ordinary feelings. They sort of objects to bo looked down upon. Now you go and tell that loug-faced skipper, or that lantern Jawed mate, or tho stoo’ards, that I oan't lave except what you allows ino, and tho ivholo jing-borcy biliug o’ them would look down upon mo as if I was a erookiotlilo or a boar at tho ond of a string. No, William, “that cook won’t light.” “ I don’t seo, Chollv, how else wo can arrange it,’*' ** fi°)d hard ; there’s many ways. I’m a patient in the dootor’s hands, wo’ll say. Not n bad idea that. Suffering from a little deadly internal complaint; living by rule and all that. This you boo, would givo mo an interest in tho Indies oyes. And that young un’, dear boy, is pretty -enough to anako a man throw stones at tho parson if sho only axed him. Now, William, this is my motion. D’ye second it ?” 141 flupposo I must.” “ Bravo! Well, wo Imvo now to consider the nature of my ailment. Let us run through tho internal orguns, figurutivoly ■epeakin*. Mind, I was rnoant for tho medical profess myself once. So then, wo havo the spleen, kiduoyp, liver, heart, lunga ' and organic nerves. Well, my William, tho spleen Bounds cross, aB you might, say, and \- -smacks o’ ill-nature ; os for affections of tho hidnoys, that would bo nearest tho truth in mycaso, for my kidneys aro devilled kidnoys, •nd have been for many a day. But a man *wi* kidney is supposed to bo on a fair road to Heaven, and I’m not going thoro yet. So kidney won’t do. Tho liver suggests a former nso of alcohol—that’s risky and vulgar. But what say you to the norvos of organic life— shock to them, don’t ye perceive, in a rail ■way accidout? And throw in a bit of heart. * Sad story,’ you says to that charming girl \--• Are you listening, William ? ” “ Pardon mo, Cholly,*. I must confess that my thoughts bad gone if wool- gathering juBt for a moment. 4 A sad story,* you wero saying.” •“ ' 44 Yes. Capital Moct, this. 4 Sad story,’ you says to Arias What’s-her-tally. ‘Sad etory connected with that young foliow’a life. Then the young lady looks interested, and tho fat *uu cocks her ears. *A sad etory,’ you repeats, and then you sighs. • 44 4 Is It anything wo may hear, Mr—a— Smith ?’ says the dowagor duchess. 44 4 Oh, yes,’ you says, ‘only never men tion it oven to tho Captoin. But it only proves, my dear lady,’ you Bays, 1 that wealth without health doesn’t bring happi 44 4 Is your friend vory wealthy,* says tho duchess. 44 4 1 don’t boliovo,’ you Bays, *that ho knows himself how rjch ho ia.’ And that is true, William, dear. 44 4 How interesting !’ nays tho fat female, ‘and tho young man looks languishing.’ 44 4 Bat about tho sad story?’ she Bays, 44 4 1 must bo briof,’ you says, 4 it is too “fristo’—pretty word—4 to dwoll upon.’ Going off on her honeymoon. First-class Pullman car all to their two selvoa. Train ran off tho lino. Hurled over an embank ment. Took firo atonco. Heart-rending BceneB. Carriages took fire. His poor bride in tho burning debris. 4 Can’t go on,’you says, and you takeB out your handkerchief “tears ^Ura8 awa^ y°ur bond to hide your 44 4 How terrible l’ sayB tho dowagor -duchess. 44 4 It*H just too awfully intorosting for anything !’ BayB the young’ un. “ 4 And my poor friend,’ you adds, ‘haH never quite recovorod it.’ Mind, yon say •quite.’ 4 Shook to tho organic norvous BTOtern,’ you says, 4 and concomitant heart affection. Oh, nothing serious, perhaps. Time,’ says you, ‘will do a deal for my friend.' But ho has to live by rulo for tho present.* ** 44 Now, William, doar, do you seo your way to work tho oraolo ?” ,441 think I -do," Baid Frank, with a sigh. 44 And,” added Oholly, 44aome timo or other tho dowager duchess ia sure to ask you H my woalth—ahem J—bo in roal estate, and, you says, *0, yes, real ostato,' and mind William, thoro is no lio about that. Look .hero, ‘William,” Ho pulled out hia pocket book and dis played a woalth of dooumoutfl that wero vory *eal indeed. But they wore all pawnbrokers’ dupli “And now, William, I think wo’vo ar ranged this little bus iu ess to our mutual satisfaction. I’m not going to boast about whut I moan to do, William. I’ll havo a trv at stopping stimulants. If it kills mo, why the skipper will have to oxpend a hammook over me, with a couple of 501b. weights, uiat’ll bo all, but L won’t blab, o’on on my death-bed. Ah ! mind you, William, some °,ua .ar<i driukors aren’t tho worst sort, -whon the burnt crust of alcohol is peeled off our heartfl and norvos. I suppose it wouldn’t do to buvo uuothor Moot, would it? Bad ‘beginning ? Well, I darosay you ain’t far out. But here’s a tip for you, William. Uetnd of that long faoo or yours. Don’t ook as if you woro going to bo hung.” “ Harrison!” I bog a hundred pardons, William. *1 honor I didn’t refer to future probubiliti *° ’ Dash it all, I’m only mnkini digger muddlo of it, Dot us go on dc And IW going to do tho big bug fora at first, don’t you poo. It won’t do to It ??•}?• w.oro r®ady to pop into any olap-r Millionaires, William, don’t enter into sot , with everybody they moot on boi flailing steamers.” .,.Tho?eoPl0 who had hitherto sat d uinnor in tho Haloon of tho Mountain not a vory spaoieus one by any moans —the Captain himself, tho doctor—i ’-and unassuming young man, hailin Now York •— Mrs Colonel Koighly, her charming daughter and Frank M’Naughton, known, of course, as Mr William Smith. A very oosy .moss indeed—a very beautiful amalgamation. Not the ghost of a chanco of such a meal being a «ilont one. Let mo bco, Mra Colonel Koighly, aa Bho dearly loved to be ntyled, lor tho reflootion of her (load husband’s martial glory in (his way appeared to bo roilcotod on her portly person liko tho after-glow of a summor's sunset, was fat, fair and forty—maybe more than forty (put this in small typo, printer, ploaso): thoro wasu’t tho shadow of a doubt aa to tho adjective “fat,” though she had not a doublo ohin, aud though her eyes did not atiok out, still aho waa aa broad in bourn na a Dutch luggor, aud her nose was rundorod alninet diminutive owing to its hoing placod hot ween her two chcoks—tho only place for it, I grant. She was fair—fair in hair, golden, in fact, oxcept at tho Beams, whoro tho eighth of an inch of black hair gave an unmistakable proof of dye, and fair in com plexion with a fairness that could have heon blown ofE with a tiny pair of bellows. But she talked vory prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a protty way of using her knifo or her fork or kor fan, and a pretty wiiy of flirting with rings and bracelets and great gold chains. Still, I am sorry to say that musical though her voice waa, sho did occasionally ** come a croppor,” to uso racing slang, over her Lindley Murray. Captain Ben Boniface not only liked to hoar himsolf talk, but other people also, es pecially, ns it would appear, Mra Colonel Koighly. Tho akippor waa not an old man, ho was not in hia dotago, but ho waa fifty, find'therefore in hia aneodotngo. And tho stories ho told, and the storoa aho told, wore —woll, tkoy were worth liatoning to. Parodying Burns, wo might say— “ They told wi* vim their queerest stories, The doctor’s laugh was ready chorus.” This was really all tho doctor scorned fit for. Clover ho might havo boon, but ahy I’m sure ho waa, and if ovor ho by chanoo said a spiooy thing, and tho others laughed, why, he colored up to tho roots of hia dark hair and naked tho steward to pass tho potatoes or somo othor equally ridiculous order. Frank and Tilda had a good doal in common ; they both loved Browning, they both loved Burns, thoy oritioisod Longfellow and Lowell, and never hesitated to speak their mind moat frooly about Tonnyson and Swinbourno. Thoy talked low together, ob a rule, at table, and on deok woro often to bo soon arm inarm, Btudyingtho beauties of nature in tho sparkling sea or tho sky. Into this littlo coterio Cholly Harrison doaoondod liko a moteor into tho Boa, making a torriblo commotion for tho timo boing, and loaving circles and ripples that did not Bnb sido for somo timo. To. toll the truth, Cholly had no wish that tho ripples should aubsido. Ho belonged to that class of individuals who dearly lovo to create a Bonsation and who cannot live without a cort∈ amount of oxcitomont of which thoy nro tho contras, and, which, if thoy do not find in eocioty thoy will fish for, oven in a gin Bhop. But this man, for tho presont at a IF o vents, found himsolf in a aomowhat exalted position, which was pleasant enough for its very novelty. Lon" hoforo tho second dinnor-boll rang, thanks to Frank who, hud not tho grief which lay nthis heart been so real, would have looked upon tho matter as a very good joke or farco. Both tho ladies, ns woll aa tho dootorand Bkippor, wero in poBso.ssion of fictitious history—if that isn’t an Irish paradox—and felt that thoy woro in tho preseucoof a vory wealthy man, porhaps, groat Sir Walter ! a millionaire. 