Local and General. A CHRISTMAS TKIK — A very enjoyable athering to^k .<. on Friday uial-t at the freebytnian Cbuiub, 1: .iiw«y et, Granville, the occasion Ki' ir H Cl.rii-:ro:ia tree demonstration in roi.iii.c^i-m wi'h iho Sunday school. The attend.-.i.c- umb;-rni about 20fi, and was made np of pur nt» cl ildmn mid thrir friends. Tbe trees. I«J in number, wrreplucud at the upper end of the <hurch, and were laden with almost every coni-civnhle i-rliulKof toy; great, consequently, w< 'e the d-IL-ht und admiration of the juvenili s. At 7 30 p.m. the Rev. E. Jackson, M.A., to.ik tlio uh.it, and opened the proceeding with irayer A hymn was then sung after wMcn the rev. gentleman F proceeded to award ih> foveral i rizee won by the scholars of the sc. oo' ! . acrom^iiiving each presentittion with « few I.in^y words. Prior to this ceremony mob vhild _ belonging to the school had been hande'l a ticket, and cubeequently the chuiim. n and Mr J. B. Brown (Teohnioal class) st«ii.<n>-4 thi-mcolves at a tree each, and for fully 30 miiutes tLey were kept busy hHnding out. tn ibe rhildn-n iheaiticles oorrrspondingwiih ihe numbers in tbiirtirkets. During the even nit e>t verul pleasing musical selections were rendeied in H sinuini; competition. There were about 16 entries, all youngladies, and,tbeprize, abandbonHy bound book, WHS awarded to M>en Essie Niblet; Mrs M'Kenzie acting as judto. After the presentation, tbe Rev. J*ckeon epok. nf the services rendered, as organist, by Miss NiMet, and concluded by calling fortiirei i. he> rH for th.tyoung lady. Cheers were also eiv-ii for the Kev. B. Jackson and Mr. Brown, and a %ery pleasant and social evenirii; was brought, to a close by the rev. gentleman pronouncing the benediotion. TENDEBS FOB RAILWAY CAKS.—Tenners were opened by tbe Railway ComuiBri ners on Wednesday, for the manufacture and supply of three dummy tars and five trailing cars. Four tenders were sent io, tbe lowest being that of Messrf. Hudson Brothers, Limited. A LUCKY ESCIEE FOB HEB.—On the evening of Boxing Day Mary Lawnon, a young widow, went for a walk near Melbourne, with a man who was paying his addreNses to her. He complained of feeling ill. He eat on tho grass and fell on his side, and never spoke again. Mrs. Lawson ran for help, but was tumble to find the place again The body was discovered on the following morning. A verdict of fiekth from natural causes was returned. Subsequently the deceased' was identified by his wife, whom he deserted last January, us Alexander Walker. He was a well-known criminal, and had only been out of gaol a few months. ACCEPTED TEHDEES.—The following tenders have been accepted by the Public Works Department:—Erection of ward for females at the Hospital for Insane, Parramatta, W.J. Green; manufacture in the colony, supply and erection of two steam cr*nes for Mouma wbarf, Hudson Bros., Limited; erection of kitchen, etc., lioBpital for Insane, Parramatta, George Boothby. LBPIDOFTERA.—There it now on view in tbe windows of Messrs. Giles Bros., Church-street, a very interesting collection of butterflies and moths, captured, as u card informs all and sundry, in and arour.d ibe Parramatta Park. The inseats ate very carefully mounted, and embrace many well-known and some rare varieties of especial interest to tbe naturalist. -APPOINTMENT.—Mr. Edward Jackson, of Grange House, Prospect, who recently completed his term of office as Government In- Bpector of Brickwork, etc . in connection with the Erospept Reservoir Works, end who, on his retirement received from the Entiineer-in- Chief and other prominent ..fficiale of the Department excellent testimonials, as to the manner in which his duties had been carried out, was last week sent by tbe Department to Porkes to inspect works of H sithilar character in connection with the Water Supply of that town. "A CHRISTMAS CAROL "—On Thuradaj . evening, 22nd inst., a very interesting entertainment was given in St. Mark's Schoolroom, Granville, by tbe Rev. H. Dunlop. The subjeot cboBen was an ever popular one (especially at thiB season of trie year)—" A Christmas Carol' ' (hy Charles Dickens.) There . was not a very large attendance, but the aodi- ' ence was thoroughly appreciative, as was ..evidenced by the close attention paid and the • applause that followed, as the rev. gentleman i graphically depicted the various scenes coo- • neotedwith "Scrooge" and his supernatural . visitor " Marley'a Ghost.' During the even- . fog a number of miscellaneous and amusing views were shown by tbe aid of the migio . lantern manipulated by Mr. Dunlop. We are informed that it is the intention .of that gentle- : man to give another entertainment in aid of \- the school funds when it may be expected that -. there will-be a Urge attendance, seeing the highly successful issue of Mr. Dnnlop's first Sort in Granville. \- GENERAL GORDON LODGE, L.O.B.S.—At the \- last meeting of tbe General Gordon Lodge, • Loyal Orange Benefit Society, held in the Pri- ! tnitive Methodist schoolroom, Granville, Mr. • Andrew Smith was re-elected to represent the society on the Medical Institute Board of Management. [The following. »miii:e. other iti.nif, were crowded out op Sutun) >v-[i 