A LADY'S LETTER. My dear Amelia—We Australians have enough English blood in our veins to make the weather a fruitful subject of conversation, so I must tell you that to-day and yesterday have been bright and fine ; a pleasant change this, for there ha3 been endless rain. What a pity it is we cannot save up a little sunshine during the frantically hot summer days, and have it for winter use. If we could only bottle it as we do the cherries, or can f like apricots, and turn it on when wo wanted it. it would be delightful. Perhaps that clever Mr. Edison will manage it for us one of tle-se days, but in the meantime it never rains but pours. When it's wet it's very wet, and when it's hot—well words fail me to say what it is then. I can only describe it by saying the weatherjis like Jerimiali's figs, or like tne lit:' friend of our childhood, who "when she was good was very good, and when she was bad she was horrid." Do you remember t'no rhyme? I do, but I own I'd rather have a whole week of rain than one really hot day. Now for a dose of my usual gossip. I think I told you that. I was looking forward to Mrs. "YVaite'a dance. She has a lovely house, and one always enjoys an entertainment there, and I knew there was a real pleasure in store tor me. It 13 not always that one's anticipa tions are realised, but mine certainly were last night, for I had a thoroughly good time. We were invited for -S,30, and it was not long after that hour when we arrived at Urrbrae. The house was lit up with the electric light, and as our hostess greeted us I noticed how pretty the decorations looked in the soft mellow light, and that it gave a peculiar huo to many or" the colors worn by your friends. In mentioning the subject of frocks I have, I know, awakened up interest and sounded a note which finds an echo in your heart, so I will try and toll you all about thtm. Mrs. Waite were a handsomo black dress, and her daughters were in pink and blue. Miss Waite's pink silk was very handsome, yet it was simply made, as was her si.-ter'a blue dress, which was veiled in spotted gauze. J.Irs. A. Waterhouse was in black satin, her gown being trimmed with a soft shade of grey trreen velvet, and with a bertha 6t white lace she wore her diamonds, and looked remark ably well. Mrs. H. Todd wove a dress of flowered silk ; it was either a dull petunia or parmasson, but, really, the shades are so much alike it was impossible to be quite sure which it was, as the electric light slightly altered the tone of coloring. The bodice was made with velvet sleeves of the same shade, and the general effect was very successful. As Mrs. U. Fishr-r crossed the room to speak to the lady who stood beside 1110 I took special notice of her dress, a pretty pink brocade. Another gown I observed was Mrs. Anstev Giles's yellow silk,.with sleeves of a darker hue. With it she wore a Maltese bertha, aud as you know ruv weakness for lace you will not be surprised to learn that I fixed rny core tons gaze on it. Mrs. Swift, too, was in yellow, but her skirt was veiled in lace, and her bodice had sleeves and trimming of mauve velvet. Mrs. Bragg \va3 in white ;ehe is looking well and is quite her old self again. Sirs. O. E. Todd had on a pale blue gown trimmed with narrow silver braid, and on the skirt T noticed three rows of white insertion matching the lace with which the bodice was trimmed. Standing near her I.saw Mrs. W. Grant, who looked well in white silk, veiled in black lace, and at the further end of the room was Mrs. Fisher in a black dress with steel embroidery. Now, I suppose you are anxious to hear what your girl friends wore. First and foremost, I must tell you about the two who "came out." Miss liiddoch looked extremely well in a very handsome white sil L;; it was beauti fully made, and fitted her to perfection. The sleeves were of white velvet, and so too were the belt and trimmings, ana a lovely bouquet completed a very charming costume. Miss A. Mann, too, looked, extremely well in her pretty white frock, and as I looked at both the girls I thought of all the pleasure in store for them, and how happy I feit the night of my first daece^ which was at Government House. Miss J. Crawford was near me while I was admiring the white dresses. When I had gazed sufficiently on them I turned and looked at her pretty pale blue silk; the skirt was veiled in blue gauze and had on it rows of blue and pink baby ribbon. Don't you think this is essentially a " ribbon tea.-on "'! Ribbons seem to be used in every width and color, and the reversible ones are very effective and very charming. Those on Miss Crawford's skirt were a very pretty trimming, and I thought her gown a great success. The boiice was made with a corselet and a kind of blouse of creamy flowered brocade; in her hair she wore a wreath of blue forget-me-nots. I thought I bad i never seen her look better. I» was far from ' being singular in my opinion. Miss Wright's black dress was aiso mueli admired, it was a beautiful black velvet; the bodice made with revere, lined with black jet—this, to my mind, was quite one of the best dresses in the room ; and nuother was Miss Thomson's pink bengaline, it was of a pretty pale Shade, made with a corselet of silver embroidery, the seams of the skirt were cutiinc-d wi'h silver, and altogether the dress was both effective and becoming. Miss Todd was there in black, and Miss Peacock, too. looked well in black satin. I really must tell you about the bodice of bar dress, because it was both pretty and original. The sleeves were of petunia-velvet, and a riviere of white lace foil from the throat; this was caught on either side, carried under the arms, and fastened at the 'back; the effect was very novel and very pretty. Miss IC. Way looked well in blue brocade, Miss Sabine had a white dress with puff sleeves of yello-.v silk. Miss Ross was in pink. Miss Campbell in whitp, Miss M. Peacock in yellow ; Miss Cornish had a charming white gown, with moss green velvet in hc-r hair and round her neck. I thought her get-up most becoming, and beard many people say that they had never seen her look better. Miss E. Ayers and. Miss M. Tcmkinson were both in white, and standing beside them I noticed Mrs. Lnngley, whose dresses I have so often admired and so often described to you. Now, dear friend. I must tell you how prettily the refreshment-table was decorated. Before the evening of the dance the opinion was expressed that " there wouldn't be half enough flowers to decorate with," but the ^-results ga ve a very different impression. The refreshment-table looked charming. Ail down the middle was silk of the palest, softest shade of grc-en. and here, there, and everywhere were pots of pale pink rose?. Those monthly roses were quite lovely, ar.d the quantir-v seemed endless The. supper table was decorated with yellow, and looked charming. J think I have tr.-Id you I enjoyed myself. I always do at Mrs. "White's, but I don't think I have told you what a, real good time we had. The floor was perfect, there were plenty of partners, and last but not least, the electric light kept the room much cooler than it generally is at a dance, and instead of feeling hob and uncomfortable i felt quite fresh and cool. On Saturday I went to the hunt. I seldom go, but the temptation to see Mrs. Holmes a'Court ride was too much for me. She and Mrs. Lermitte rode beautifully, and I felt auite envious as I saw them fro over the foness. The Woodville run is a good one, and I managed to get a spot from which I could see several jumps. When people have never ridden it seems as if it would be quite easy to bunt, but I daresay many who think that would learn that it is easic-r to fall off than to stick on. You are working so busily for the "blind bazaar" that I think you will bs glad to hear of a r.e.w system of writing which has been in vented for their use. The Braille typo is now used, but it requires considerable practice to write in it. The new method is to writ" with a blunt point without ink. and the writing is at the same time visible and tangible. It is colored blue by means of a sheet of copying paper, and it is in relief, thanks to a simple sheet of blotting paper placed underneath the white paper, which allows of the production of a sufficient depression to raise the letters on the other side. As for. people who see, they, when writing to their blind friends, need oniy do so with an agate, placing the paper over several sheets of blotting paper,^pressing hard and writing distinctly. You see, this method places the blind in touch with other people in a way no special code can do, and that is an immense advantage. For this reason I recom mend it to the friends of the Blind Institution. Have you read Frith !s " Autobiography?" If nob do nob fail to get it. I have read ib since last I wrote, and have found ib most fascinat ing. Some of the stories it contains are simply delicious. Frith has kindly anecdotes to tell of most of the celebrities of his day, but he is very hard on two of my special friends— Thackeray and Douglas Jerrold. He finds fault with Jerrold for several of his most witty sayings, and I rcnst say I fail to see the justice of his criticism. Ou one occasion Compter), the actor, pointing to a reflection of his tieuro in a mirror, said—" Thar.'s what I call a picture." Jerrold retorted—"Yes: ib only wants hanging." For this rep'y Frith blames him, but isn't it just the thing one wculd have said oneself if one had thought of it. Why is it one's witty saying always comes too late. Next morning in bed I think of the clever things I might have said—but didn't. Frith has a keen sense of humor, and his book teems with anecdotes. He tells ns of a conversation between two students who were drawing behind him in the Antique School of the Academy. Said one to the other, "Who did yon get to sit for Nell Gwynne in your picture of Charles II. and that lady?" " Miss Truman : you know her? Sits in the life. A doosed good model." "Thought you'd had ber—more like her than Nell Gwynne, ain't it? And the king, what sat for him?" "He!—I did him-from nothing," in a conceited tonp. "And you've made him very like." Isn't that good ? "But it is only one of many. The book is full of spicy sayings and good stories of every kind : good ghost stories like that of the Mor.ted Grange, appal ling tragedies, pathetic talcs like that of tiio Model, and last, but not least, charming Iovq stories. As a rule I don't care for auto biographies, bub Mr. Frith'B has completely fascinated me, and I strongly advise you to read it. Several small members of my family v/ere escorted by their elderly sister to a juvenile donee given by Mrs. Willie Horn last Wed nesday evening, and as I left them I couldn't resist the opportunity of peeping in at she small dancers, who, to judge by their shouts of merriment and happy faces, were having a perfectly heavenly time of it. I should think there were quite a hundred children there, of all ages and sixes. Mrs. Horn Icoked very sweet in a white dress, with a white-and-gold Indian Zouave. S ?me of the little girls looked so very charming, I thought, in their low-necked evening frocks. A very sensible part of the whole entertainment was the length of time fixed for the guests, from (5 until If o'clock, so that instead of being utterly tired and fagged out the next day with their late hours the night before the children got up perfectly fresh and amiable and' ready for such another even itig'a pleasure as Mrs. Horn bad been bo kind as to give them on Wednesday night.' Not being able to dine at Government House myself on Thursday evening I will tell you what I heard of the dinner from a friend of mine who happened to be there. She said the ' table was prettily decorated with white marguerites, with n. wide bank of autumn' vino leaves down the centre of the table, and she specially noticed the largo pink lamp- j shade in the middle as being such a pretty shape and pattern, - There were about 1(5 guests, among whom were Mr. and Mrs. Willie Milne, Mr. and Mrs. John Bagot, Mr. and Mrs. J, J. Duncan, Dr., >V!ra., and Miss Campbell, Commissioner and Mra. Smith, and Mr. and Mrs. Luxnioore, and Captain John son, of the Kingarooma. Of course, my friend said, we should miss the Countess for some time to come, hut it was one of the pleasantest evenings she had ever epieut at Government House. On Tuesday I am going to a dance at Mrs. Waleriiouse's. You know now successful her entertainments are, so I think you will con gratulate me on having an invitation, I thought this was to have been a dull winter, hut there are more tennis parties than ever, ana of dances we have nob a few. Alto gether with 5 o'clock teas and other small | entertainments it is no easy matter to get time to write even to yon, my friend. Good-bye. Write scon, and belive me, yours sincerely, 