, The Maclean Stone Tin-owing Case. TUR humorous writer, .I.O.B., in thaSydnci jJ/«//thusdeli vershiiiisolf: Mr. Cyril Maviland ol'.Sydney, lins explained ina Clarence journa tlnit the nightly pother, which depresses tlx woman and (lellos the cordons, belongs (.01 class of phenomenon familiar to spiritualists although so strange to unbelievers. Itmeinii that some disembodied spirit "wishes tc communicate with someone on this earth.' That's all. Now that this very probable . '?? solution lins lieen given, people wonder whj : it never occurred to them before. But every tiling is easy when you know lt-every modern schoolboy knowst hat a regular figure described oh tho long side of a right-angler] triangle is equal to the two similarly described ?figures on the other sides. And the lad justly wonders, too, why those old Greek chap's that thought themselves so clover were so long in finding it out. Tho samc with tho earth's rotundity, tho circulation oí the blood, gunpowder,, electricity, nn¿ " hundred other things. This globe of 0nrs started throwing a round shadow millions of years ago, and this blood of ours Spurted over numberless knife-handles bofore ¡t occurred to men that the world was not flat or the veins stagnant. All Socrates or Aris- totle knew aboutelectricity was that(l feather leaped half- way to meet a piece nf well rubbed amber. Still, there aro some things in Mr. Haviland's interpretation tlmt are not BO clear as they might be. If life ¡s merely a perpetual development-if both body and spirit constantly rise to better ,vnd higher things on the stepping-stones of their dead selves-it is curious that, in order to arrest ?attention, ghosts have to fall hack on the undeniably erado method of dropping paving stones or bricks on human habitations. You'd think they'd got beyond that. Besides, before some men would hearken, t he rocks would have to be dropped not on their houses, but on their heads. Again, it is not certain that the missiles are always (ired at the proper roofs. I, A, may have the greatest regard or even veneration for my neigh boin* B : but my friendship is nut to a severe strata when his ' grandfather, killed years before bv a quart- pot in a tap-room brawl, knocks my chimney sideways with road metal for tho purpose o'f attracting tho notice of his grandson. It but adds anew terror to life to know that you ' may ut any moment be maimed by a stone \- thrown by a spectre. In viow of all tim improved methods of human communication -telephones, phonographs, telegrams, etc. ' lit is a little mortifying to discover that spirits whoso intelligence is presumably on a far . higher plane limn man's, are obliged to adopt o. method similar to that employed by a Sydney rough. Tho least Mr. I lavilaud can .do is to go to Maclean, receive the message, ? or ascertain for whom it is intended, and, if possible, secure thu ghost. The proud motto, ' " Ail vance Australia," will become tarnished if shades are much longer sultered to shy stories. 