CHAPTER X.—Tin: Charok Dismissed. bix weeks went by, aud Geoffrey Cary lav oetweon life and death, and the oburgc against ivenneth Gaunt remained in abey ance. The ease was brought boforo the magistrate!! on the day following his arroBt, and was by them rcmundod “ pending the production of further evidence." It was ob vious that while young Cary lived noting conld be done until he might recover con sciousness. Bail was offered for Kenneth and was finally accepted ; and ho was freo to go about ins business as ho best might, a man under a heavy cloud, shunned and suspected on every Imuc, “ 1 For the public mind of Templccombo fastened on him as thn criminal from the very hrst, and allowed no possibility of doubt. '*7' i l , . cu» 11 minority who had ce\ eral cogent objections to offer. In tho tret place, theeo dissenters asserted that the evidence forthcoming- against Konneth oaunt was purely circumstantial, and ns such to be treated with diflidence. Secondly, that Kcnnoth Gaunt lmd proved himself curing hie life at Ternpiecombo to be a man of truth and honor, and that his word, therefore, deserved credence. This opinion gained strength from tho fact that his word vrasiully borne out in'one particular, inas much as his dog was limping about the village, lamea by the teoth of a trap. They further maintained that no man i» his senses, having attempted murder, would leave lus cun on the spot as evidence ugainKt himsolf. J.O this minority one comprehensive question was propounded : If Me Gnunt was not the criminal, who wus ?—a question to anawer Which was apparently vory far to seek. And •a the days went on and public interest iu the matter was'continually freshened by the weekly remanding of tho case before the magistrate, and tho atmosphere of suspense thus created, every discuHHou on tho subject ended moroand more surely with ft reference to that hoped-for recovery of consciousness by GeoiFrny Cary which was becoming tho very goal of public anticipation. The weary days dragged themselves fiiowly away as Mark Dorrisaut and Valon* tine stood ^ helplessly by, while Geotlrey’s fever ran its course, and neither Jvenueth Gaunt nor the days when thoso alternations | of delirium und stupor should nass into ! consciousness was ever mentioned between That the stern pationce and reserve with which Mark Dormant waited were tho result of rigid self-control, no one who spoke to him in those days could doubt. That he believed in Kenneth Gaunt’s guilt was equally certain, though no word to that offeot ever Grossed his lips. His very Bilenco and self-re prossionon the snbjoct gave to his oonviction a weight which no words could havo pro duced. And on Valentino each day as it passed -seemed to leave an absolutely perceptiblo trace ; they seemed to be literally wearing her away, she grow so white and so slight. In mannor ehe was always composed and quiet, but .there was that about her that suggested the presence of a continual strain—not merely the strain of the hourly anxiety about Geoffrey —but of something beyond, ofwhioh she did not speak. To her stepfather's tenderness she responded with an affection which seemed to grow with, every hour of their common anxiety. They lived, as'it were, a mutual Mie, in which the forthcoming report from the' . sick-room was the goal of * First published in connection -with “All the Year iiounil.” their thoughts. If eaoh lived another n»d a separate life in which the goal lay farther off. neither over spoke of it. •And at last that far-off goal was reached. Geoffrey Cary struggled back from the gates of death, and recovered oonscicusnese. Porliaps a blanker feeling of disappoint ment was never experienced than that which obtained at Tomplocorao when it was whispered nbout that young Mr Carv was en tirely unable to throw’ any light on the aff'uir of which ho was tho horo. His evidence began and ended in the statement Urn tho had been walking quickly through the park at about nine o’olook in the evening, whou ho had heard a shot, had felt a atiuiiing, numb ing sensation in his side, nnd had lost consciousness. Ho had seen absolutely noth j-t wtw lures a ays since isoouroy fcnd mado this disappointing declaration, a hot morn ing in tbo first week of August. It was about eleven o’clock and Mark Dorrisaut was alone with his ward ; ho was standing by his bed, and the two-lmd evidently been talking. The face at which Dorrisant was looking was like the ghost of tho Geoffrey of seven weeks before. There was not a trace of oolor in it, all the boyish on dines wero sharpened and emaciated, and tho curly, luxuriant hair was cropped dose. Only his eves were the same, honest and smiling. They were rather too bright now—tho con* versation seemed to have "excited him n little —-aa ho looked up at Mark Dorrisant, and said, in a weak voice : 41 All right, then. Pater ; what you do is sure to be right. And somehow I shouldn’t have thought that that fellow was the sort i to do a thing like this.” Ho paused a I moment and then added, reflectively : “It was rather a blaokguardlv thing, wasn’t it ? I wonder awfully who it really was 1” Mark Dorrisaut did not answer instantly. He put out ono of his hands and laid it on tho boy’s head. I wonder !” he said. Thero was a shadowy little smile about his lips as he spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exclaimed : ^“You’re awfully sure it was Gauut, This time Mark Dorrisantdid not answer him at all. His face sot itself sternly. 11 Y’on’re tired, my boy,” ho said; “ rost now and think no morn abuut it.” Ho paused, aud touched the boy’s forehead again affectionately as he addml : “ I must go.” On this August morning, after nearly two months of postponement and delay, the charge against Ivon noth Gaunt was to come baton* tho magistrates for what was tacitly understood to ba a final hearing, and the excitement through the neighborhood was at fever pitch. Ah mark Dormant name down-; stairs now from Geoffrey’s room, the carnage was already waiting for him and for V«len tine, summoned onoo more to give evidence as to the threatening words used to her by Kenneth Gaunt against Geoffrey Cary. “ Go to your mistress,” said Dorrisunt. to a servant, “ and ask her, if she is ready, if she will comedown to mo in the drawingroom.” A fow moments later Valentine came down the stairs with her bat on, and wont into the drawingroom. Sho was very palo and quiot, and there was au added touch of haughtiness about her, as though sho wore nerved to meet some ?ort of ordeal. Sho smiled at Dorrisunt, and as ho held out his baud sho put hors into it, and waited for him to speak. .“Valentine,’’ ho os id gravely, “ I want to tell you something before we start. I think you will bo glad to hoar it. I saw Hr Kenyon yesterday,' as you know, and wo came to ;i decision which I have just been talking over with Geoffrey. The charge against Mr Gaum, will be dismissed to-day on the plea of insufficient evidence." Valentino started slightly, and drew her luiail away, as if iuvoluntarily. ‘•Dismissed!" she said quickly, in a low voice. “ Dismissed! Then will ho bo cleared?" She was looking down ah the handle of the sunshade eho held, and tiiureforo she did not see Murk Dorrisant’s look at her. But sho noticed that 1 hero was it pnnso, and before ho spoke he laid one hand on hers, as a sort; \- „.?,u_ “ All Inoed'fiity,"'Ke'ha^dni gently, “is, that though tho evidence against Mr Gaunt is heavy, it would be almost impossible to provo the oaso in a court of law, aud under the circumstances—as, thunk Heaven, it is not a case of murder—I havo told Mr Ken yon that *ve should greatly profer not to prosecute.** “ Then the only way to clear him would bo to find the real criminal!"** “To find the real criminal, yea!" assented Hark Dormant drily. Valentine’s color rose. “ Pater !’* ^ sho said impulsivoly, “ you mean most kindly, I know, but justioo is better than kindness. Don’t lot this chargo be withdrawn. They say that ray ovidouco weighs heavily against Mr Gaunt, und X know that that ovidonco means absolutely nothing! If tho case is properly tried tho truth must como out, and Mr Gaunt will bo cleared. Don’t lot injustice bo done 1” She was facing him bravely, with unsbrink g eves looking straight into his face. It is for justice, sho was saying to herself. Mark Dormant looked at hor keenly for a moment, und then a shudo of pain settled upon his face. “ Queen Val,” ho said gently, “ I am sorry that there tdiould be ono subject on which wo think differently. It id timu to start." ^By the evening it was known all over Templecombe the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been dismissed by tho magistrate. The stain against his name was in no wise eradicated; the mystery was in no wise cleared up. As far as Templecombe and the countryside went, Kenneth Gaunt was a dis graced man. 