In a Den of Lions. THRILLING EXPERIENCE. <. I VI just from Texas," snid ft gentleman who liven a few mile* from Denver. 01), I iiavu bad a great time! I wtMitiiwajmu in Texas to Llucm-I County. I wish somu of you fellows could see that J: kno.v of o..o ranch out there wi:h feb.OOO acre- in it, and I travelled along seven fivo miles of IW-strand wire fence all m 01,e piece. I stopped .it Marathon, a, nice little railroad (own, and an old friend of mine met me there. By the way, you fel lows ought to know him. Hamilton his name is-John Hamilton. He was a cloiK in the post Office here years ago. John 1as a sheep ranch out there now part lna o^sn and part leaded from the State and is doing pretty well, I should judge. On the waj out to the ranch John said: " Now, rrauk, vou can just turn yourself looso out on the ranch aud shoot all you want to, Prov^ yon don't kill any of tlie people. The * d cats and panthers and lions are lulling y sheep off at a great rate, and the more them you can get away with the bettei IU hk" Thus encouraged I began my hunting. Talk about sport! My very first hunt_ led to i'-e killing of two large wild cats which I caught in the very act of devouring a tvo moulhs-old lamb, and on the way bQmo I shot a lobo wolf skulking through the chap avral. I considered that a pretty good be ginning uiywelf. As the time went on I be ,gan to think that the wild animals in that section would certainly be considerably sen veer after a little of my polite attention But my, they are sick out there 1 One day John had to go over to Marathon pu busi ness, and &B; I didn't care to take the ride I took my gnu instead, and climbed up into thV mountains that stretched away back of the ranch. This was new territory, °utl knew that those rocky gorges must bo the hiding-place of many of tlio wild that had been so destructive to John s flock. And yet it happened that I walked a long w*v and climbed about a great deal without seeing a sign of any game, except that two or three times, as I marched along or clambered over rooks, I caught a glimpse uf something moving on the slope f^ont tliHv feet &bova; me, It-was a mero glimpse and the first time I tbought-perhaps X was mistaken, hut afterward I becameconvinced that some large auimal was stealthily glid ing along up there, perhaps only awaiting nil opportunity to .spring upon ^. Now Miit wasn't pleasant, of course and I walked uo Una way, keeping an eager look-out, and .bidding my gnu ready. It was no use. 1 (Ji ivi't, see the animal at all. After search ing ju'ouud considerably I- gave it .np and wout back to the ravine, which had been in wet weather the bed of a raging torrent, as I could see. And while I strolled along there at" my leisure, looking this way and' that for anything that might be worth killing, suddenly it began to ram. Jton heard about that rain, didn t you ? That wan the one that broke the long It had been cloudy for a good htle bit, but I never thought of rain, yon know, and I was in my shirtsleeves. And I tell you it came with a vengeance-perfect sheets of waf>''- aud I ran up the ravine with all my might to find shelter of a rock or a thick bu.h that would at least protect me a little. Pretty soon right up above me yawned a great opening in the side of the cuff, an n regular hole, fully six feet high and wider than it was high, aud I scrambled m only too gladly, without asking any questions. There was a large room, with sandy -floor, and dark clefts in the further corner sho wed where passages le>l on to other chambers, but I wasn't on an exploring expedition that iiav. I was already pretty well drenched with the rain, and it was good enough fun for me to sit down under that safe shelter and see the rain pouring outside. ; I npticed that there was a terrible odor coming from -some of those inner recesses, BO I lit a cigar to help to drive it away-a real Texas ciear, you know-and sat as near the door as T feb'nW; looking out. I was much surprised tn discover, after a little that the rivulet that had been running down the raviue wti'-n I climbed into the cavo was now roar ing and flashing over the rocks in fine style, and a hasty calculation showed me that it must be at least four feet deep. As I could not get out of the cave without getting into tii" ravine this made it interesting, you kiiow. I leaned forward and was intently watfhiii" the water-line on the opposite Wk, when all at once I felt that something wot! behind me. Now, see here, boys, n s no ww laughing. I didn't hear a sound -.,i4 a rustle, not the cracking of a twig nothing except the roar of that torrent ont sido-but I felt that something was behind use, and 1 looked over my shoulder just as a man would look for a ghost, I suppose. And there, creeping forward, its long body almost sweeping the ground, its ears flat tened back, its cruel head lowered, was an immense Mexican lion. I thought I had seen big ones beforehand that's what makes .tie say this one was immense. Now, it I hrd been looking for that lion and had come upon it, I wouldn't have been frightened at Ji. But the very thought of having sat ?with my back to the creature while it crept up as a cat would creep up on a sleeping bird unnurved me for a minute so that. 1 did not &tiv.; During that moment the cougar had settled back on its haunches a little, and with a wavering motion was getting ready to spring. That sight brought mo to my «enw», and I snatched my gnn from where it had been standing against the wall near ma. I was not a moment too soon. The huge yellow boy came through the air us though it were hurled from a cannon, . mid tljongh my 8hot Btruck it, it knocked me up against the wall and the creature's claws left some marks that I never will get nd of. Its horrible cry wlien it fell rang tluough the cave anil eohood until I diin't Idjow whether it wars one voice or twenty, and the wouuiled creature went dragging itself along in such a^ony thai I hastened to kIio 'I it, through (.lie iiead and put an eud t ) its misery. Tiion, setting iriy gun down Kgaiust the wall, I tore ray handkerchief into strips and besjan trying to bind up my wounded arm. I was so much absorbed in til in that I didn't notice anything was near iae-in fact it nev*>r occurred to mo that there mi.iht be more than one anitnal in the C'lve ; awl it was just tiu aecid nt or tmiyb.! Providence had something to do wiili 11, I hut I glanced around toword the* in .t.io 'bss body of the lion that had come so near putting an end to mv exi>.luii«'-. As I looked around I dodged, and I did it quick, to i( for 1 was just in lime to see the mate of mv ! dead cougar conch find spring. Tin- sodden ato.ip I trade caused her to go clear over my head, and alio wpiU headlong into I he rag ing torrent that was by that time even with the door of the cuve. I thought that would cool her rage.'bnt in aii instant she had struggled out of tho wntcr and was nt ma again, tho fiercest creature that ever thirsted'for human blood. I absolutely had to push my gun into her faco, so fierco was her attack, and when I fired I had to step back to get her in range. Of course it kd'ed her, and none too soon either.. If I had known that I was walking into a whole zoo I would have stayed out in tho rain. I kept my eyes on that dark corner during the rest of my stay. Tho time passed very heavily, I can tell you. After a while though, the water had run down so that 1 could get out of the cave, and I made the best of my way home. And there was another chapter to my adventure, still. A few days later John and I took two Mexi cans and some torches and explored that ca.ve a little. Tho greater part of it we didn't venture into, finding our way blocked with a dark and swift stream; but away around among those dark passages we found_ another entrance on the hillside, worn smooth by the animals that had made ik their doorway ; and near ' by was a room thot they had evidently made their den. The floor was covered with bones, the half devoured body of a sheep lay in the,corner, and over against the wall was a still ^pore ghastly trophy-the torn and. mutilated body of oue of John's herders, who had been missing for several weeks and who waB supposed to have gone to San Antonio. I took n, great deal of credit to myself,, you know, for having gone out there and killed a pair of man-eating lions. ' It isn't every day a man gets to do a thing like that in. this country. 