MALIGNAHÉY OF INANI- MATE THINGS. . .. y . /• A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a curioustheory'as to the "ii'ignTpj nhjantB. The £tgt instance to ^he common human bangs, and then, having secured that substantial basis of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work ont his general theory. Many another doctrine—that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glipipses ol e moon — it argued after a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to our common experience of .ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that In one of the great battles of Spain Saint James himself had • CHABGED TTNDEB. THE SPANISH FLAG, but added modestly, unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the. malignancy of inanimate objects ? ffhe^ footstool that was undoubtedly pat carefully into a corner—how does it come to be in the middle of the room ? The fire which was blazing up a moment ago—why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a . jog . seems . never .. to - -flow freely while he stands over it; but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other object, and AFTEB il M TcîE DFLUOE. Tii3 latch-key—but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the troubles withthelatch-key,inasmuch aeunphilosophical levity might suggest unwelcome explanations. The pebble that comes in the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illustration on a grand scale of this alleged invalerate malignancy of inanimate objects I On a smaller scale of illustration, why should I the razor which shaves so keenly oneday utterly decline to shave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignlymeant claim when TRIED AGAIN IN DESPAIR, • and become sharp as the Roman King's j razor which cat the whetstone through ? j Why will the watch Btop at the veiy time when we most want it to keep goingon? We might go on through a whole | catalogue of such experiences, the daily experiences of most of us. There is no question—there can be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notice on any day of the number, of timeB on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philosophic j theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the woriiwithanynew and practical rules for the guidance of every- _ , .... T. -i II I day or any day lifè. Because if these in- j œallv "malignant, they will be malignant still", after philosophy shall have recognised I THE FACT OF THEIB MALIGNUR. But, if we were to refose to consider a theory I a merely because we did not see what practical a good considering it would do, we should be J cutting ourselves off from some of the finest o theories with which philosophy lias from time J B to time refreshed the world. As, therefore,. after centuries of evolution,.the vexations I and impatiences of mankind under the refrac-1 tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at ast crystallised themselves intoa theory, we I fadl feel WtnnA bound fn to commend nmAnr? it it to fnnnKIir.n[mfiidfir&. public considéra ! tion, even although ws do not feel in any way aBsuredthat the common round and the daily task-will be made much tbe easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way KOBE IEEITATtNG THAN THE 1TJCIFEE HATCH Who can-tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in I the middle, when it will snap off just 1 at the top after lighting, and leave j its fiery head on one's hand Î B«t U all this will go on no doubt even L after the world has accepted the philosophic theory j hat Lui the ^VA lucifer IMASCA* ma^nlt match ïa is o a malign tYi û lion and OVI n f capricious thing like some ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot eduoate or convert or punish a lucifer match any more than, we can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and re iacuseing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that when his waterjug for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in tims to let him swallow it before the starting of Ids train, or j when his coffee at home cooled so instanta- I neousty as tomake him unwilling toswallow j it at all—it might perhaps relieve his feelings I to know that he was struggling against a | malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, developing not long since a principle of that philosopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odiouB and hopeleBS world to a close by AN ACT OF.UXIYEBSAI. SUICH.E. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing Buch a purpose The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals might be persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to what are called—unphilosophically no doubt—the inanimate things.His conviction was that the world began with the inanimate things, as we call them. They started the, whole business and: then came the lower animals, and then came'man. "• Now BÙppôée man were universally willing to extinguish himself—what guarantee, could he possibly have from these inanimate things that the moment hehad disappeared they would " J not | STABT THE WHOTE MACHDŒOF EXISTENCE all over again. You cannot have a compact with the sands oi the de sert or the salt of the sea or flifl stones in a quarry. You cannot have a treaty with the dust of the highway or an alliance with the coals in a mine. Even if you could have such an arrangement, who could answer for its being carried out ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words? The ^moment our backs were turned they would be sure to se the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun of the business Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theqgy of the later philosopher about the malign army of inanimate things. c The moment these inanimate objects found that theie was anything mankind particularly wanted them to do, then thev would instantly, and OUT OF SHEBK VAUCE, make up their minds not to do it. We can judge of that from that coniasn ai_d trying daily experience .'to which we have already referred. The disciple ofSchopenh not,^ perhaps,'whsnhe developed his doubts, «ver heard of what we may call the in animate malignancy theory. But if lie had heard of |t, and admitted 'ihat there was samething init) lis would assuredly have fonnd^imwelf skengjhened inhis wbole»omB eceptipism. ; He muhtstill find èernionB Wfatile to ttoKlofts promise of ra Mone that it would «eaaè growing just to oblige ith him.— "Dsfly News." V 