The Story of a Portrait. :It was tho portrait of a lovely girlish falc^,"blooming (is a, fresh Jiino rosrfjtiCT opeli'ihji'tij J tiio suhlight and the brc02b';'a lihpjiy fac)i, whose red lips, ciirlcd' and (dimpled in a winning smile, aud' whose litowii eyes held ,thc veritable sunshine of tie* heart iiiiiirisoncd in tlieir softlylaughidg depth's.'' It wiis well jiaint'ed too—exceccUiigly well panitcd. A feeling of stirptisc stole over mo;" llow came this untratned gem—a thing of evident merit and' T&Iub;—upoti this pobr aiid hutnble cottage wall? i "Admiring XellieVpicture, ain't you, nia'ani i" siid a gentle voice besido me. '"Most folks do that. My daughter's portrait, ma'am, taken at beventcon." Tlie es Ispeakcr-was niy"landlady, a gentle, kiudly -'woman;" ignorant—so' ftti-'as books and schools were conceined—liut wise by the experiences of a pure though suffering life, and full of good Christian thoughtand Skindly feeling. She .stood looking at the ^portrait with a loving smile. " The only child Giid ever- gave tnc, ma'am, and my heart wan. sqt on her. All tho more so that I lost,her father while she was still a jhkbe. Of cotirai.', 1 spoiled her. I was b|ut a silly woniaii, not half so rich in common sense as 1 was in love. She was all I Ii'ad in the world when my husband died, and I'spoiled- hcr. i " I'll tell you her story, if you like, the etory of that portrait. It was painted by l £y>ouug loVfer of tieii?. She had two of thc'm. l'a'ul 1 Willis mid Dick Lisle. Two of them, ilid I say '! Sho had dozens. There wasn't a young fellow between our farm and the .nearest town 'that wasn't in live- with niy girl. She might have had her pick and Choice or the bovs through the countryside. But although on two of them" were well-to^do and handsome, stie turned lier pretty nuse up at them all. Aud that suited lne right well. I wasn't in any hurry to part with iny beautiful child. Besides, when the time should come for her to man-v, I knew who 1 wanted for her husband—IJick I/wle, the orphan child of my old bosoin friend and : schoolfellow. His father'aud iny husband had heeu firm friends, too, and when, fifteen, he was left an orphan, .who should take charge of him but, nie ? Nell was then twelvp years old, and I. sent her to boarding school. It was IkuyI to part, (io * know.--, iiLii. I bore it, as J would hav b'oruo anything, for her good. It didn't seem to me that our village school was good enough for my handsome girl, who was. to he ail heiress sonic day in a moderate way,' hcadcs-bciug a beauty. " I grew' very .fond of Dick. lie was company for mc in the . first cruel loneliness of parfing^romjny girl, aud cheered me up, 'aiid seemed almost like a son to me.,t Then.it was/that iftbegan to:plan .their marriage'—u. marriage! that, instead of taking my darling chjld .'iway IVoni me . would'keep.Iier for ever at, hulue. Tiie lad liad a nicevliftic portion; too,-: aii'l was sti^}',"- .^fffgbod, .aud/Jiandsome;', i^t seemed to me that he must find favour in licr eyes.. -The more t thought of jt the more iny iieiii ^ot set on it; tilllt'gicw to -be the favorite .idea .and object of illv life. And every jsupinicr when Kell came home she seemctt?tp!grow more sweet'and beautiful. I ViS^BO bliudedi'by my loi c and pride that, f .never .noticed; never thought of, one natural result of; iier grand training. She way .getting to be something of il fine huly.'.now, and looked down a little on her bid life and companions. " But wheii site came home for good at last I did observe ;i certain change in her. She had lost her old gay spirits, 1 thought, ;uid seemed quiet-, and even sad. Dick .thought loJ'e-iutfkiiigijainioyed her. * She only -tuhllts of mc as' a 'brother or friend,\ Jic.said .to me, sorrowfully, aud. lio-li^diiHo giW'very despbiidcut, for he loved her with his whole heart. But I wouldn't hear of that. 1 had made up my mind, iu these livo.ycars, that ho aud no i o'ther"shtHild mriiry lily,child. '.She's shy,' said 1 ; 'that's'jus't all. Leave moto reason with her.' And I said to myself, \ the child doesn't know her own heart. 'Of course she loves hitii. When she knows how her mother's heart is set on it she'll niarry Dick, and bless.iuc for it afterwards.' "So I talked to her. I ought to have told you that l'aul. Willis had arrived sbnic three weeks .before this, aud was buarded with us. llc^had just liuished her purti.iit there and giveii it to mo, and 1 was greatly taken'wf'th hiin. lie was a handsome fellow, with a graceful boyish -u'.av about, ,,hjm that was sure to win a woiiiiii's 'liking. ' Nellie had introdiioed hint tons as a friend whom she had known at school. She grew very pale while I talked, and began to tremble quite pitifully. I can't-, mother,' she said. ' I can't niarry Dick. I—I love another.' And as the words left her lips, Paul Willi's walked iuto the room. 1 uh'dSivstpoYr it all beiore another word" wa£' stiid. • There wasn't any need for her to go to Iiini, as sho did instantly, aiid cling'to his artn. I understood ifcall without that. I was an easy-going woman enough, not at all given to fits of temper ; but 1 to- into a violent passion then, for the first ami, I think, the last time in my life. 'Wo' said I, 4 this is your ifauc3 r , is it 1 lie shall never, have you, then, never! Leave-him, this instant, aud take the man I've chosen-for you, or take my curse!' Dear Heaven! What wild and wicked things we say in fits of. rage ! As if I could ever put a er'vso upon iny own dear child! I tlTink she believed mc though, for sho,tinned white to her lips." ':"'!! can't leave him,' she said. «It's loo late fur that. Mother, he is my husliand I' I'can't tell what followed. 1 must have gone clean crazy, 1. think, for awhile. I remember ordoyuig them out, oi the house, aiid tearing . the pioture down' from the walk and flinging it after tliem ; and then I lost all knowledge of everything. And when I began to awake, as/.it were, and understand again, 1 found I had been ill /or days and days. A'lul Ncllio and her jiusband were gone. She had taken only stich of her personal efi'ects as were indisputably her own, and had .co.uie into my room whilo 'I was' asleep, they tohl me, and knelt and wept besidu me. Oh ! if they only had not told mo that. It had the effect of making me sure she would .return, and Igreuihardef;iii my auger and my Jiridei evimawhile lnyJlieuvt was aching for her. But she did-net return, and^ aftcrwrhile, LJjegan to . realise that shcii would nptrj jab,'how'I loiiged for her ! 13ii£l keiita .stern faee still, although I gi-ow suddouly, old, aud iny black hair tui-neil grey. " At last one day, a whole year after her flight,..there cainc to the fanti a letter. It w as addressed |o Dick Lisle, not to me, :and in Nell's haildwritiug. Poor thing I 1 uudei'itoud well enough lhat she was afiaid .to.v. i iti: ia uto; and yet, when the tirfit 'delight of hearing from her was'over, my jealous, lunging ,love made me grow aligry. 'l'he more su heoauee Eiick was away. It was hard to wait for news of her till his return. I might have opened the letter. Dick would have been willing, 1 well know, but I was still too proud. ' Sjin£o she would not write toherniother,' iithouglfa .'nut chose Diek instead, lean, do; withoflth'er lis fslie'without me.' Aiid 1 I ^ied : for1iis God'forgivomeforit! DeatU^biiWhaYe' 1 : Wen far easier .th^atn'y i'£(moWe"ivhetfX;] iciracd at last what my,pride haa 'dona':.: l?or the letter was a wild', fti»pcal for Iwlp, lfok» wercv, ,for foigivijness. H^ husband' wis ill,' she'was the m'othcr'tiffl liffle b'abi§ : arid they wiBro' destitute andi' Btaifving.:; Though my mothert curse is heavy itiiijin .starving, .dying, aud 1, out of'stubborn pride, liad held her letter withilit answer, 1 , perhaps until too late. ' " Dick and I started for London tliat" irery night, and sought out the' address; lier letter gave. Alas! we were too late indeed. They liad gone, leaving iio cliie^ •behind them. 'I kept them as jong asT^ could,'"thelancBadysaid. 'Mr. WillisWa» H awful ill aud awful poor, but lie tried hard 1 to mako a living and I pitied him. Sir talented, too! If he'd only had a little;, money or friends to help him on he'd ha? been somebody. But poverty'-crashed' him. They had relatives that tlioy wrbt'e to, and X kept them till tlioy lost allliope' of a reply. B.ut, after all—well; l aih pobi'; myself, and so they had to go'.' lively w'oril was a stab to my heart, ajudgnlciit' ' tin my sinful soul. 1 had lived ! in luiser-" able comfort at liome while my only child Was starring. 'Had they any money at all 1 wlicii they left? I asked in agony. The woman shook her head. ' I think not." There wasm'few poor clothes and" ail old picture, the portrait of a vol'y pretty girl. 'Shat's all.' And theri our fcearch began—; Ung; wearying, fruitless, hopeless, fiekrW sickening. If it hadn't been for Dick I riiusfc havo died. A whole week Wont by. No clue, no sign. London was a big place",' aiid wo woro bound to find licr. I suppose we might have gone on searching to this diiy, or died, if it hadn't been for Nellie's picture. . " Wo vcro passing a pawnbroker's shop one day, and 1 was well-High heartbroken, when, raising my eyes to the window, I liiet those suimy, merry enes of the portrait smiling on molikca happy ghost. I shrieked aloud with jby. But for Dick I should havo fallen upon my knees there in the street^ and thanked God aloud that I had found her. Bat we hadn't really found her yet: it was but her picture, ' and the clue as soon as found seemed to fail. 'He had bought it of a worn, haggard-looking woman,' the man told us. Being asked if it could not havo beeti 'her portrait, he laughed and answered, ' Oh, dear, no! She was a woman of fifty, with grey hair. I kuow where sho lives, andean ahotv you.' He did so. Our clue slipped further and further away. The woman was a stranger. "' I didn't sell it for myself,' site-said, sullenly. 'I've a sick lodger upstairssick and starving. I sold it for his wife. He's very low,' she said. ( I wouldn't startle him. HI bring his wife.' And she did. A pale, emaciated, trembling woman cAuie timidly creeping down the stairs. 1 didn't know her at first, didn't recognise the face, so pale, so woni: but 1 knew the voice that filled my heart with its cry of ' Mother!' and caught her as she would have fallen at my feet. ' I have been sore chastised,' she groaned. ' I sinned, but 1 have been bitterly chastised.' Oh, so had I! But sorrow was ended nuvv. I clasped her to my breast. 'Thank God!' I cried'. 1 It is not yet too late for happiness !' And we have enjoyed a bounteous share of it. I took them home, and you may be sure the precious portrait went along with us. Aud Paul recovered, though he was never strong. Tiie seeds of consumption'werc in his blood. Aud he died when uiy pretty grandchild was four years old. That sturdy little lad of ten, I mean, who last night helped to carry your trunk for you. '.'And jVell ? Ay to be sure", you want .theeiid-;of the story. Nell married again four /years ago. You'll see her. She • dorsn't five .far irom here, upon the farm I- gave .them;, for the second time, the liusbaud she chose was my choice too. Dic:k Lisle lias iii.s life-long love for a wife 'at last, and I have—her portrait.' 1 