The Adbertiser TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1893. POLITICIANS in Queensland are girding up their loins for the fray. The coming elections bid fair to prove a more than ordinarily exciting time. The changes which have recently taken place in the personnel of the Cabinet have introduced elements that are sure to disturb ordinary calculations. Sir Charles Lilley has ex changed bis position on the judicial bench for that of a candidate for Parliament. His experience and character are such that his re- entrance into the political world is tantamount to the exertion of a new force, of which neither the direction nor energy can be accurately foretold- On the other hand the withdrawal of Sir Samuel Griffith, who has taken the Chief Justiceship, leaves a hiatus which is not yet filled up. Cabinet changes have re sulted in the formation of what is prac tically a new Ministry with Sir Thomas Mcllwraith as Premier, and the policy it has adopted differs in many points from that of the preceding ad ministration. The situation is further complicated by the formation of a new political party. This organisation! has assumed the title of the liberal Democratic Party. It has Sir. Donaldson for its leader, and it is understood that Sir Charles lilley and several other influential politicians will be included in its ranks. The contest which has now fairly com-! menced will be continued until the middle of next month, and already each of the political parties is defining its position and perfecting its plans. The conflict will be all the more exciting and perhaps all the more uncertain because of the number of factions or parties that are in the field. The Separationists of course are concentrating their energies on the question which is to them the most vital of all, and the Labor Party has been actively at work for a length of time. It is not at all impossible that the promi nence given to these platforms may obscure in 6ome measure other questions! which would usually be held of the utmost consequence. One thing is quite certain. The position of the northern colony just now is such as renders the prudential management of its affairs imperative. With its peculiarly heavy indebtedness the drain upon its resources is excep tionally severe, and the public finances show very clearly the effects of bad times. In common with other <x>lr>niafi Queens land has to deplore a decreaaina xevenue, and it has also its special difficulties to contend with. Droughts in certain parts of the extensive pastoral area have wrought great injury, and the floods in others hare caused tremendous public and private losses. There is an unemployed difficulty in Brisbane, the sugar industry is reviving at best but slowly, and alto gether the outlook is not at all brilliant. The political manifestoes issued by the Premier as representing the Government and Mr. Donaldson as the spokesman of the Liberal Democratic party, while alike in some respects diverge very widely in others. Allowing for local circumstances and the subjects arising out of them, the address delivered by Sir Thomas McE wraith to his constituents corres ponds in a great measure to that delivered by Sir John Downer to the electors of Barossa. There is the same reliance on the splendid resources of the colony as sufficient to bring about a return of substantial prosperity, a similar disinclination to trust in the suggestions for securing that end by other than well tried methods, and the same advocacy of patient industry and unflagging deter mination to keep all national engage ments. The key-note of the elections, according to Sir Thomas McDwiaith, is the restoration of equilibrium between revenue and expenditure by means of economy and retrenchment. The ex penses of administration must be cut down until financial soundness in public affairs is secured. This part of the pro gramme differs from the policy adopted in both Victoria and New South Wales, in which it is connected with methods for augmenting revenue by means of addi tional taxation. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith does not contemplate doing any thing of the kind. He takes a decided stand on the principle that the revenue cannot be increased in that manner. He holds that the burden on the taxpayers must be lessened rather than augmented, and frankly says that there can be no more borrowing till this is done and the payment of interest on loans is assured. The Queensland Government will therefore go to the country with this as their main election cry. Creditors in England will doubtless warmly approve a determination to limit expenditure to in come, and the motto of no further taxa tion is always popular with electors. On other matters Sir Thomas does not say very much, but he approves of land-giant railways for the purpose of opening up the country, and points out that the divi sion of the colony can only be effected with the consent of the people. He ap parently considers that such consent is not likely to be obtained, and that there fore a partition is impracticable. On the whole it may be fairly said that the " rest and quiet" policy is that of the Queensland Ministry, giving to the phrase, however, Sir John Downer's later inter pretation. No considerable change is even adverted to, but peace is pleaded for as an essential to pro. gressive development and growing pros perity. The manifesto of the Liberal Democrats is much more elaborate and enters into a number of details of local interest. No mention is made of ad ditional taxation in any form, and while retrenchment generally is proposed, some of the lines in which economical reforms are desirable are specified. Chief among these are reforms in the Civil Service, in the legal departments, and in that of de fence. Several points are taken from the programme of the Labor Party, and indeed there is so much correspondence between the Labor manifesto and that of the Liberal Democrats as to indicate the pro* bability of forces being joined in not a few electorates. Then electoral reform is given a prominent place and the abolition of plural voting is included. Though the introduction of Inmnira. labor is not to be stopped, a distinction is made between Polynesians and Asiatics. The latter, whether Indian coolies, Chinese or Japanese, are not to be em ployed in agricultural pursuits, and there is to be no State-aided immigration of any kind. Railway reform is proposed not only by retiring the present Com missioners, but by repealing the present Land Grant Railway Act. It is proposed to continue the construction of railways on the land grant system, but they are to belong to the State instead of being paid for in both land and money. The de mands of the Labor Party for a Workmen's Wages Lien Bill and a Factories Bill are sympathised with and supported, and the principle of the referendum finds a place by being recommended as the method of dealing with the question of separation. So far as the rival manifestoes are con cerned a comparison shows that the pro posals which emanate from the Govern ment have the merit of simplicity, but the omission of any encouragement to those who believe in the necessity for political reforms will in all probability prove to be a serious weakness. That of the Liberal Democrats makes the larger promises, and is therefore the more likely to secure public favor. Having regard to the vast importance of rehabilitating colonial credit it is satisfactory that on all sides administrative reform and the restriction of expenditure are admitted to be im perative. Science is wandering into strange realms and bringing back to us wonderful harvests of knowledge, but it is opening to the world no stranger realm than that to which Professor Dewar introduced a distin guished audience, including the Prince of Wales, at the Royal Institution, London, recently. Perhaps the great unlearned public has had a slight surfeit of the fairy tales of science; at all events, they have too often fallen on languid ears. We can scarcely be got to listen when a scientific man indulges usj with visions of the future, yet another! carries us back into the immensities of j the past, or another, like Professor Tyndall, finds delight in breaking old objects of reverence, and transforming ancient beliefs. Like Gradgrind, we insist on facts, and in this regard Pro fessor Dewar cannot be said to have dis appointed us. For upwards of two hours he kept the eyes of a crowd of princes, statesmen, diplomatists, and men of science of all degrees of eminence, chained upon a little bulb of beautiful azure-blue liquid suspended upon the table in front of him. This receptacle, described as in size something between a walnut and a golf-ball, contained what was said only a few years ago to be unobtainable—oxygen in a etate of absolute immobility. Oxygen, one of the most important of all elements, which forms, as Professor Dewar reminds us, co large a part in most natural combinationSjhad till quite recently defied all attempts to reduce it to a etate j of quiescence suitable for experiment.; Pictot, of Geneva, had mastered the problem of reducing to liquid form what was always regarded as a "permanent"] gas. though bis experiments had gone no farther «Jmn the production of infini tesimal quantities (a few grammes only) of liquid oxygen. This was explained by its rapid dissipation induced by the violent ebullition which isa characteristic condition of oxygen at ordinary temperatures. Heat being only another name for motion, what marvellous energy must be secreted in a gas which, in a liquid shape, would be boiling at a temperature of 182 degrees below zero! The problem therefore was not simply to produce the liquid, but to invest it with something like permanence, and moreover to produce it in quantities sufficient to permit thorough examination and testing of its properties. This problem Professor Dewar has solved by surround ing the liquid with a vacuum nearer per fection than any previously known—so high a vacuum indeed as to be measurable in a hundred thousand millionth of an atmosphere. The result was that the little ball of liquid—liquid capable of being obtained by the pint—filled and suspended at the beginning of the lecture had lost only a fifth of its contents at the close—that is, the evaporation had been no more rapid than that of water at ordinary temperatures—although com pared with the temperature of the liquid oxygen (so inconceivably cold that 182 degrees below zero represents its boiling point) the atmosphere of the room was a scorching furnace blast. The wonderful nature of the experiment is illustrated by the Times as follows:—"If a conjuror had made his appearance with a large vessel of boiling water and a brisk fire underneath, and if in that water he had boiled a piece of ice as big as a golf ball without reducing it by more than one-fifth, everyone would have been vastly astonished. But the little bulb full of liquid oxygen was far more wonderful. The difference of tempera ture between the conjuror's ice and his boiling water is 100 degrees centigrade. The difference between Professor Dewar's bulb and the air of the theatre was not less than 210 degrees centigrade." One conclusion all but demonstrated by this miracle is that there can be no radiation— no passage of heat—across an absolute vacuum. Theoretically, as the Times remarks, if a sealed bulb of liquid oxygen could be poised in the centre of a perfect vacuum there would be no radia tion at all, but that condition is impos sible of attainment. If the surface of the liquid could be so effectually sealed as to bo protected from contact with the outer atmosphere there would still remain "some connection be tween the glass spheres" through which it would enter. What Professor Dewar's vacuum does is to reduce the influx of heat from outside to about one-seventh of the escaping gas. Various speculations are suggested by this experiment in low temperature, and not the least interesting is its bearing on current theories regarding the solar system. The inhabitants of this planet have for centuries been in a efcato of pertuba tion as to the rapidity with which it was supposed to be cooling down through the radiation of its heat into limitless space. Every schoolboy knows that we are tear ing through space at the rate of 18 miles a second. Is it empty space ? The in ference 'that it is empty space is easily deducible from the circumstance that if it were otherwise the alarming velocity of the planet would have prevented the surrounding atmosphere—as thin in its upper limit as Professor Dewar'e vacuum — from keeping its place. "The earth," that is, "swinging free in a perfect vacuum radiates no heat beyond the limit of its own atmosphere." A further advance on the 6ame path of research will, it is predicted, lead to the solution of what is described as a still more tremendous problem—the liquefac tion of hydrogen—a process that would require a temperature of from 20 to 30 degrees lower than has ever yet been produced. At 270 degrees below zero centigrade hydrogen itself, it is calculated, will surrender its mysterious energy that now baffles the understanding of the ablest experimenters—will, in fact, " give up the ghost"—and matter as now conceived by science will be dead. With what unimagined phenomena, it is asked, should we make acquaintance could the cooling process be carried thus far. "What is the relation between this mysterious something which we call heat and the equally mysterious something which we call gravitation 1" What light may be thrown by these experiments at low temperatures on the conclusion to which science is rapidly tending, that all the elements have been evolved out of one kind of matter 1 The mere fact that the modern chemist is encouraged to pro pound such questions to Tiimnnlf is one of the best proofs that science indeed grows from " more to more." The much-talked of Pacific mail route is likely to become a fact. The Canadian Government, it appeals from a telegram received yesterday by the Government from Sir G. R. Dibbs, has all but con cluded a contract with Mr. Huddart for a regular service of steamships between Vancouver and Sydney via Honolulu. The subsidy is to be £50,000 a year and the service a monthly one. Canada has offered £20,000 on condition that Australia contributes an equal sum, and Mr. Huddart trusts that the Home Govern ment, fully aware of the extreme use fulness of the line as bearing on the scheme of Imperial defence, will give the remaining quota. The present Pacific service via New Zealand and San Fran cisco will shortly cease, so that in. taking the matter in hand the authorities con cerned have shown no undue haste. Doubtless, as Mr. Todd suggests, the question affects us less than the eastern colonies, because for most of our American correspondence the Bed Sea offers the quickest route. The Californian route is only utilised when it happens to promise the most rapid transit at the time our American correspondence is made up, or when postal matter is specially marked "via San Francisco." In such matters as mail services geographical considerations cannot be dis regarded. What may be good for South Australia, for example, may not be good for Queensland, and the service that might be best for Australia might be of little use lo New Zealand. It is well to recognise that New South Wales, and in a Btall greater degree New Zealand, have more to gain than the other colonies from a line of trass-Pacific ships. Still it is of importance to South Australia as well as to its eastern neighbors to have the op portunity of an alternative service to England. The American route is looked upon as a second string to our bow in case of war, and one great question to be decided is whether it is wiser to run this second service under the national or under a neutral flag. Nor can it be forgotten that the Washington Government has hitherto grudged sub sidies, and has refused to support an Aus tralian service. The United States deserve little consideration therefore now that there is a prospect of the «Ti«*j P g line dropping through and British Columbia] gaining what California loses. Bat be. sides the manifest advantage of choosing a route which lies wholly in British ter ritory there is at least the probability that a direct line to British Columbia would do more for Australian com merce than a similar connection with California. Behind the suggested contract, and inspiring it, lies the determination of Canada to open up a trade with Aus tralia, as well as offer an alternate mail and passenger route. Canada, as Sir G. B. Dibbs insists, affords a large, an almost inexhaustible market for wool, hides, fruit, wines, and provisions. We with our opposite seasons might aspire at least to a monopoly of the winter trade. All these are points entitled to weight, though the «malln««« of our interest, from a postal standpoint, should be borne in mind when our support is asked for the Canadian-Pacific route. A really marvellous occurrence is reported from the United States in a telegram which we publish this morning. A meteoric stone has arrived at Saint Louis from the realms of space, and come into contact with a statue of John Brown, with a result as disastrous to the latter as collision with a locomotive to the historic "coo." The celestial visitant was probably at a disadvantage in the matter of mere size, but when its rate of speed is taken into account it may be supposed that the statue had s «imilnr fate to that of Mark Twain's raft, which "went all to smash and scatteration, like a box of matches struck by lightning." The result will no doubt be s temporary revival of interest in the memory of John Brown, though his "perennial brass" has proved itself unequal to the task of perpetuating it. His friends still speak of him as amartyr,bisenemiesasafilibuster, and bis various biographers depict him, according to their political prejudices, as anywhere in the scale between the heroes of Thermopylae and the Kelly gang. It is at any rate as certain that bis motives were excellent as that his methods were more than questionable. He lived three years too early or three centuries too late. The lawless state of K'«nnpm 1 in tie tumultuous times immediately pre ceding the American civil war, formed a fitting theatrefor his representation of prac tical views as to the abolition of slavery. He took up the humane, and, as it even tually proved, the winning side, and acted with a strong hand. He un doubtedly had five leaders of the pro slavery party assassinated, but it is not disputed that this was in reprisal for similar deeds committed or authorised by them against bis friends. However, he went farther than this, and practically proved the folly of the man who "maketh a warfareat his own cost." For he seized the United States arsenal at Harper's Ferry, - apparently by way of making a demon-Hji stration, and the Government was forced to shoot down his few followers and hang him by the neck till he was dead. A few months later the same Government was itself in arms in defence of the cause for which he had given his life. By that time general sympathy for the man and his views was added to the universal ad miration of the fortitude with which he had met his fate; he was openly spoken of ss a martyr, and he became the hero of a rousing battle song which has done more for his memory than a dozen statues. Thousands of persons still make confi dent statements as to the whereabouts of his body and soul and the number of his knapsack, though it must be feared that they occasionally confuse him with the Queen's late body servant, or regardjiim as a legendary character altogether. And he seems likely to "go marching on" through the ages together -with "John Peel" and a few others who have been lucky enough to get enshrined in popular verse. Thus the destruction of his statue may be regarded with equanimity even by his admirers. But a new terror will be added to life if this kind of thing is to become general. The earth is, of course, known to be subject to a pretty steady bombardment by meteoric stones, but hitherto they have mostly fallen in waste places. Yet there is no reason why they should invariably steer dear of the haunts of men, and the frightful velocity which frequently buries them some feet in the ground might easily be responsible for some grave disaster. Not even the audacious brain of a novelist, however, has ventured to count upon such an occurrence. Inconvenient villains an sought out by lightning, no doubt, and Bret Harte has gone so near as to kill them with a statue which an earthquake topples from its support. And this suggests an uncomfortable thought. What if the whole present meteorite episode is the outcome of the imaginative efforts of American journalism ? It may well be so, but those who admire the picturesque and unexpected in nature will hope for the worst. The condition of Archbishop Reynolds was unchanged at 11 o'clock on Monday night. A portrait of the Archbishop was exhibited at the Town Hall last night and was reoeived with loud applause. tiThe Hon. J. H. Howe, the last of the Minis, tera to return bom his electioneering tour, waa present in his ofEoe on Monday morning. The Mayor of Adelaide on Monday morning reoeived the following communication from Mr. C J. W. Sooth, the general secretary of the osntral flood relief fund of Queensland, dated Brisbane, March 30:—"Dear Sir—The munificent response to the need of our flooded out people by your citizens calls for something more than an ordinary acknowledccment. oif generosity. The handsome earn of moneyJ amounting to £1,500, sent from your city, har . gone a long way towards palliating the suf ferings of those who have lost their all through the biggest and most destruc tive flood ever known in our colony. The devastation caused by it is simply indescribable. Many of our fanners have been ruined, and many of our citizens have lost house and home. The spontaneous response of Adelaide, and in fact all South Australia, has enabled us to smooth the Bufferings of many that we otherwise could not have relieved. I am only expressing the sentiments of the people of Queensland when I assure you of our heartfelt gratitude for the noble help afforded us. From one view of the question the flood has been beneficial, for by it the good will and good-fellowship printing between the colonies has been brought into prominenae. Long may it continue ao is our earnest wish. I have to request that you will aooept aad convey to your fellow-citizens our appreciation of and grateful frh"*v« for their seasonable generosity." This letter has been duly ac knowledged. A further sum of £150 will be cent over in the course of a day or so. This amount does not include £800 subscribed by the school children of this colony and £200 sent direct by Sir Thomas Elder. The seoretary of the Chamber of Manu factures has received a> telegram intimating that the Hon. E/ Steinfeld win arrive from Melbourne by this moming'B express. Mr. Steinfeld is an ex-president of the Victorian Chamber of Manufactures, aad is visiting Adelaide in order to confer with manufacturers, prominent fiii*M™«, and others upon the question of intercolonial free-trade, with a Customs union upon ft basis similar to that of the German Zollverein. We publish to-day in our advertising "]'"""i? the final acknowledgment by *&a; treasurer (Mr. J. Viner Smith) of subscrip tionsto the Broken Hill distress relief fond, which hare amounted to £722 13s. 4d. « this sum £674 16s. lid. has been remitted tc Broken Hill and there distributed by the local committee, the balance, £47 17s. 6d., bang disbursed for advertisements, printing, and sundries. Mr. O. N. CoUi?on, the bon. sec, informs'us that eirculan and subsoription-li?ti were cent out to all district counoui and corporations and to all ministers ,ofl rrligirm, except Tfol*""' Catbolio and Chnroh of rcnglanrt, who organised ooHentinm them* selves. A great many replies wen reoeived expressive of sympathy with the movement batinabiktyforvarioairaaeowtoco-op?rato. In ■omo aum DPhwrinif — fcad already beea niaed and forwarded to the Broken Hfli com mittee direct. A personal canvass m nude of come of the principal portions of the city and aJI the pabtio-hooae?, bat thie did sot result very successfully, although some handsome private tubsoriptiaas were tent in and have been acknowledged from time to time through the daily papers. The aoeounta have been examined and audited by Mr. Charles Birks. A meeting of the Port Adelaide member* of the Young South Australian Patriotic Asso ciation was held in the council chamber, Town Ball, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, April ;. Mr. J. B. Blair presided over a large and tnthnsiaetie meeting. It was unanimously resolved that a branch be formed at Port Adelaide, and the following gentlemen were elected on the committee:—Chairman, Hr. J. B. Blair; hon. secretary, Hr. W. J. Mason; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. H. 8. Kneebone; Messrs. M. Wald. E. AUnutt, J. A. MoPher aon, J. C. Neill, W. H. Skinner, A J. Bleech more, A. A. Fairweather, and E. C. Francis. The movement has been taken op heartily atthe Port, and with a local branch now established there is every appearance of the membership, whiah is now considerable, being increased. Dr. EmHy Brainard Ryder, who is expected to arrive in South Australia during this week, is an experienced physician of many years' standing. Hex credentials state—" That after a long and patient study of medicine in America and Europe Dr. Ryder gradnated at the University of Vienna and practised with euoobbb for ten years in New .York." A very cad bereavement necessitated change of scene, and by the pemunoo of friends Dr. Ryder visited India. Here her profession enabled her to reach the homes of the Hindus and thus become acquainted with the misery and wretchedness that prevail amongst the "child wives of India." So deep an im pression did it prodnce on her that she deter mined to devote herself to the task of arousing public opinion on the question, feeling assured that m "suMee" was abolished when de manded by an enlightened public opinion, bo will the evils that now exist be removed when aua they are thoroughly understood. For the furtherance of her work Dr. Ryder procured a large and costly assortment of native oostumes, and each lecture will be fflnrtrated by from SO to 40 Udies and gentlemen attired in thaseoaetamse. Scenes from native life will be accurately de picted. Competent critics declare her lectures to be quite equal to Miss yon Finkekbsin's. As a lecturer Dr. Byder is highly spoken of. "As a speaker she excels, and the character of hex lectures beats the closest scrutiny," e?ys one testimonial. Most appreciative references have been made by (be Melbourne Age and Standard. Amongst her references are letters of commendation from the wife of ex-President Harrison, of the United States, the Chaplain to the House of 'Representatives, Washington. Miss Willard, and many ministers of religion. There an ilso personal letters relating to her work from ■ the Duchess ol Connaught and Lady Harris, of Bombay. Her work in Victoria is endorsed by Dr. Bevan (Oongregationalist), Ren. J. F. Musrae and William Wuhart (Presbyterian), Francis Neale (Wesleyan), and several of the leading women's societies. Dr. Ryder hae also been appointed a member of the Advisory Council of the Woman's Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary Literature and Historical Section of the World's Fait, Chioa?O. The half-yearly meeting of the Master Painters' Association was held at the Con tractors' Association Rooms on Monday. The vice-president (He H. W. Langsford) took the ohair. The committee reported that during the past half-year trade in general had been very quiet indeed with most firms, and that in eonsequenos of general slackness some of the men had been compelled to seek employment from private individuals at any remuneration that offered, greatly to the detriment of the trade in general, for the men would not intimate to the masters their willingness to accept a less wage than that generally recog nised as the ruling rate and thereby unfairly competed against their own employers. An apology from the president, Mr. F. Hagedom, on account of his oantintied illness, was re ceived with regret. It was reported that the finances were in a satisfactory condition, but on account of the cloning ,of the Federal Bulk the as?Ooiatioo would have to deoide en another bank. Several rules were altered according to notioe given at the last quarterly meeting, and it was de cided to have these printed and distributed among the members. Some correspondence, including the usual oiroulan from the Fede rated Council of Employers, having been read and noted, the meeting closed with the ex. preesion of hope for the early revival of all trades. The seamen engaged in the coasting trade continue to take advantage of the Absent Voters Aot, and a good many attended the office of the returning-offioer for Port Ade laide (Mr. J. Formby, 8.M.) on Monday and obtained voting-papers. A considerable num ber of papers have been issued. A meeting of the Central Agricultural Bureau was held yesterday, the Hon. F. KrichauS presiding. The chairman reported that the finanoe committee had passed aooounta for £109 4s. Gd., this amount being amounted for by the fact that £88 4a. 3d. had been expended in reporting and printing the pro ceedings of the fourth oongrees. The monthly meeting of the South Aus tralian Beekeepers' Association was held at the Chamber of Manufactures on Monday evening. There was a large attendance of mum hum, and the president (Mr. F. W. Gee) ooenpied the chair. Mr. W. O. HtpweS read a paper entitled "Handling of Bees," on which an interesting discussion followed. Samples of Italian, French, Irish, and English honeys were presented to the association by bis Honor Mr. Justice Bouoaut, who had oolleoU them on his recent trip through Europe. l. The monthly meeting of the Irish National I Federation was held aff the Democratic Club rooms on Monday evening SS*/. A. Hewitt presiding over a good attond'anrnK M&J.W.; Walsh, one of the rounders of the Irish t.?~i League was present, and received a hearty welcome, and was afterwards enrolled as a member of the federation* Thfwnm Moroney, of Wilmington, wrote ««n]n«;?g cheque for £10, •nbeeribed by supporters of Home Rule in his district. The balance-sheet of the St. Patriots Day celebration was pre sented by the secretary, Alderman Whelan, and adopted, the net proceeds of the ■parts and concert being £119. It was resolved to cable to Ireland the sura of £130 without de lay. It was mentioned that in other «vfl™y«« arrangements were being made for holding monster publio meetings for the purpose of ex pressing hearty cancurrenoe in Mr. Glad stone* Home Rule Bill, and it is probable that similar steps will be taken in A<folnHp •hortiy. ' The P. &O.; R.M.S. Valetta left Albany at 11 a-m. on Sunday and is eastected to reach Largo Bay at about 4 p.m. to-marrow. We have received £5 towards the Queensland floods relief fund, being the proceeds of a concert given by toe MTitrAfr*^ Junior Minstrel Troupe. A meeting of members of the last dairy men's pionio committee will be held at the Royal Oak Hotel, Hindhy-strett, this evening. A musical evening will be given by the South Australian Caledonian Society, Port Adelaide branch, in the local Oddfellows' Sail this evening. .? b*, adJ?l? Ma ■nnu*l Meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Football Association wm bo held *t toe Exchange Hotel thii even ing. Messrs. Lovell ft. Co., of Port Adelaide, advertise elsewhere Oat they are manufaetar* ing malt bread aooordmg to Montgomerie'e process as well M using Le Cento's extract in white bread. p iql 