CRICKET AND OLYMPIA. [By Diana.] "Stumped-out!" The eager bats- man suddenly realises that his nails are not where they should be, and stalks moodily from the field, shouldering the ?- bat with which he had hoped to" work havoc among the foe, and accompanied by the shouts of onlooking thousands. Many a time has such a scene been enacted on many an English cricket field, where our national game has long ' exercised the muscle and the patience ' of itsbeflanneled followers and let us hope, will long continue to do so, in spite of Prophecy shaking her Mysterious head and pointing a shadowy finger at the grass-grown pitch and unused bato future Mimmct s. National sport has existed for hundreds of years, and has benefited hundreds of a human frames, from the days when a lithe limbed Hellas stronger tie laurels up to the present time, and it is still full of vitality. It surely will not give up the ghost now, when we are waking up more than ever to the conviction j ! that we must share our time between , study and field, if we would have that greatest of earthly blessings mens sana in a corpore sano. Why should we take ' I it upon ourselves to neglect one or p r other component part of our whole man ? Physique is a gift just as in "" tellect is and, after all, what are these 'I mighty' brains of ours but white and grey masses of fibre and nerves, in 1 ' Buencing and influenced by every lot " spasm of resolution " that precedes Jj : every physical action. To have a IIU, thorough development we must learn is how to wield the willow as well as the n j pen, and scour the field as vigorously î >. ' as we ever followed Aristotle up and by down the shady walks of the Lyceum. "'"And speaking of Aristotle, did not the 11 nation to which he belonged owe a J great measure of its power to thread , the circling mazes of philosophic J" thought to that careful and thorough en A physical training which at the same I time built up the proverbial Greek 3,, 'grace and beauty. 5 John Bull, it is well known, is essen 1 tially a man of the present, and his mind is not of retrospective trend. He 1 is a firm upholder of the cargie diem principle and so far it has succeeded '' with him, but it is always possible to learn something of advantage from his 1 ', predecessors, and a look behind, though '.' it once passed Eurydice and Orpheus, i is often necessary, either by way of warning or inspiration. The cobwebs r of Time cluster last about the decaying years, and unless he sweeps them away with the Lrooni of common-sense, the . i modern Englishman may mistakenly '' regard his ancient prototypes as more n mechanical figures in pallium or toga, without any of the characteristics and P. cravings by which human nature, is V l)1 remarked. But, after all, they are but in the embryos of the expanded present, and though differing widely in six , corners, delightfully like ourselves in " the essence of things. And what better recommendation can they have for our interest and attention is ' Let us stand, then, for a moment in the pavilion at Lord's watching the " ' Marylebone Club scoring their centuries or scattering the wickets of the enemy, ' and then let us harness Pegasus and fly through space and time until we arrive '" at the plain of Olympia and the end of one of the early Olympiads Quantum metals The Square towered pavilion, v ? the gay English spectators, the cloudy English sky, the six acres of emerald turf overlooked by the reporters' tent, \- and alive with perspiring batsmen, wiry bowlers, and alert helders give place to the gleaming temple of Zeus, the clear Grecian atmosphere,thestatue studded grove of Altis. the*bitetents.of the HeUanodicae, and the straining throng of men, horses and chariots. But under all this superficial contrast lies the same thirst for liberty, even of pastime, the same love of unrestraint, of out-door life, and that keen competition for glory, that striving to excel one's fellows, which is the mainspring of human activity in every department. The deeply planted egoism of all of us bids out afresh in these instances, in the old life as well as in the new ; but the modern game here at least shows a gain over the old, in that its contests are between united bodies of men working for the success of the whole, the tendency to community thus shown being a decided growth on Hellenic individualism. That is the first point of difference between the two, and our first point of vantage. However, if we weigh the respective objects of past and present, the scale 1 turns in favour of the former, the keynote of all Hellenic life being the close bond between religion and amusement. Instead of the unexplainable modern custom of treating religion and pleasure \- as utter aliens, and refusing even to 1 introduce them to each other, the Greeks found their pleasure in their religion, and their religion in their pleasure. Poseidon, Apollo, and, above all, Zeus inspired these feats of athletic and artistic skill, during which a " holy \- truce" was proclaimed and rigorously observed throughout Greece. A comparison of motives, therefore, gives the palm to that country. Turning now to the nature of the contests, we find some striking similarities between the two. Firstly, in both a combination of physical and intel- , i lectual qualities is required to excel, f fleetness of foot and bulk of biceps must be balanced by patience, calcula- tion, and presence of mind. Alcibiades brought his cunning even into his sport, hence his Olympic victories. Especially is this need exemplified in the chariot races of his time, when several score of chariots sometimes took , i part, and, though the physical prowess was less necessary, great was the skill I and nerve required to compass the goal without the downfall of the chariot and its driver's hopes. So in the foot- races, the wrestling, boxing and throw ing matches of the Olympic festival. r And so in cricket. Brute strength does ' not make a Shrewsbury, any more than ' it made an Alcibiades. Secondly, both , games are pervaded by a Republican ' _. spirits being open to all, without reserve- I 'tion, in our day, with only one among the Greeks-that of character. Following as a natural consequence of the linking of religion and social ceremony in the ancient world, an aspirant for the wild olive must prove the purity not only of his Hellenic descent, but also of his character. A stained reputation would exclude him from any share in the strife ; while in our game, be the player criminal or saint, it # matters little for all practical purposes. Skill is and was the great test or any artistes. Even monarchy (in both the J ancient and the modern sports came out from behind its hedge of authority and mingled on a level with common, humanity, as is evidenced on the one hand by the private records of Edward 'I., and on the other by the recorded; names of Gelon and Hiers, Pausanius." of Sparta, Archelaus. of Macedon, and \- others, as victors. This republicanism of even extended to women some parties] pation in the Olympic games, though, to be sure, they only took part by a proxy. But even so they could not' have evinced more enthusiasm in the spectacle than modern" daughters of If ye show how, to which let recent events testify. One would certainly think that the deepest personal in J threats were at stake Mr see sweet , seventeen smashing her parasol over a' -good score, or dropping tears of sym- pathy! for the unfortunate possessor of Cedrick." j' The third point of likeness between the character of the games under discussion is the utter absence of all cruelty. The brutal spectacle of the blood-stained arena, where the coarse, cruel Romans looked on with "thumbs down, were as far removed from - Olympian usage, as the bull fights at of modern ¡ Madrid are from 'the'scenes'of a modern cricket ground. Cruelty cannot enter into the ordinary course of that English game, but, I Although it was avoided in the Grecian by the rule that a combatant whose opponent died in the struggle should be disqualified, the very existence of the prohibition shows that it was neces sary to check violence. Here again cricket is superior. It is perhaps in the actual particulars and descriptive details of these two national games that they early last. Implements, mode of using them, the various exercises and motions, tests of success, all differ. The old quoit and javelin are replaced by the bat and ball ; wrestling, boxing and leaping have no part in our game, though running, and throwing nave In the old game a feature was the flinging of the above weapons, a muscular exercise the purpose of which is served by our bowl- ing, since the same muscles of the arm are brought into play in each case. a Foot exercise also plays as large a part in our game as in the pedometer of the ' Greeks ; but, as mentioned before, their leaping, wrestling,' and boxing exercise are not represented in cricket, Nevertheless the _ same gradual development shows in each game, The first gymnastic exercises of all nations are of course the same, I the simplest forms of physical, efforts such as running and leaping. These the Greeks reduced to a science, which afterwards, by the gradual addition of wrestling, boxing and chariot races became more and more complicated, until we find in the Pentathlon a five-fold exercise, consisting of wrestling, throwing the quoit and javelin, running and leaping com breed. Now our own dearly-loved game shows traces of as great a growth. Who would recognise in the pair of mile figures with eccentric bob and no wicket at all, on the dusty manuscripts of the thirteenth century, the germ of the English clubs and county elevens of the nineteenth 1 Yet so it is King's Library affords " ocular " of the strange antics of two solitary beings, one furnished with a club-like weapon held in the right hand, the other in the attitude of catching a ball. Stumps and fielders alike non stint. The latter's- pear first in an old manuscript of nearly a century after, and were then depicted as only four in number. Stumps, the purpose of which was served in the original game by a hole in the turf, in which the ball must be before the returning batsman could touch the hole with his bat seem to have come into use one by one. The first was a foot and a half in height, and its displacement was aimed at m bowlers. When the second was addens a connecting. bar of wood was laid across the top of both, and with the third the familiar _ balls replaced the cross-bar. That cricket in its infancy was purely an aggressive game, from which it has grown to be greatly defensive, is shown by the hole in the turf, which was not defended, being superseded by the present wicket, to be guarded ; also by the change in shape of the bat, which in its earliest form permitted only of hitting, and knew nothing of our " stonewalling " tactics. The goal having been reached, or the innings played out, it remains to award the victor. Here again we find both these widely _ different nations con- curring in their acceptance of the truth that Praise is the only guerdon of renown." Success,, like virtue, is its own reward, and no amount of gold can increase glory. The ten Hellanodicae who adjudged the Olympia prizes evidently thought so, for their only award was the immortal laurel wreath. English cricketers wear their laurels, too, though invisible ones ; J and, if true sportsmen, are quite satisfied. To watch these games in imagination on the one hand, in reality on the other, they are pretty enough sights, full of light and enthusiasm ; and even if our utilitarian friend should come along with his " Cm bona 1 " we can have our answer ready. For both the national games of Greece and of Eng- land have or have had their uses, in many respects similar to each other. First and foremost is the aid given in developing the frame, in beautifying the temple of the soul for its god-like occupant. Herein lies the true value of all physical training, as a means and not an end, and it ceases to be useful or noble when regarded merely as. a pass-time, a, pleasure, or as a means of realising profits in hard cash. By setting the circulation in full swing, it thus gives the mind keener perception and livelier energy. Secondly, the games promote a kindly feeling between the combatants, and evoke that spirit of unity whose whisperings of guidance should ever be heard in the ears of a nation. Thirdly, they further discipline that wholesome curb to the rampant steeds, self-will and Pride and the result of this discipline is to turn out men accustomed to fight and to obey, and full of the martial spirit that makes a soldier. The Spartans, for example, were trained from their youth upwards in the gymnasia and in the Elean contests, and without such hardening and moulding where would they have been when the Messenians and Argives turned their arms against them ? Our sons, too, will make none the worse sol diersinthenextgreatwarforhavingbeen well-trained athletes in time of peace. But there is, of course, another side to the question for pastimes, like other things, are subject to the natural law of degeneration unless guarded by strict rules. That Pan Helenie gathering, one of the noblest spectacles of the ancient world, is quite unrecognisable as the fierce degrading terms which marks its survival in 'Spain to-day ; yet it is true that the road between these two points, though long and down- hill, leads directly from one to the other, and the Roman gladiatorial arena is the half-way house between them. Cricket, too, may degenerate to an un- recognisable extent, and it is certain to do so if its supporters Take a leaf from the book of turf habitues. Five hundred years ago cricket was denounced and proclaimed illegal, and for no better reason than that it interfered with archery and it is quite possible that say a hundred years hence, there may be worthier cause for it to be again prohibited, if we do not keep the standard high. Our look into the past should serve in terrorem against that sordid selfishness which seeks monetary gain in every pleasure. Let us keep the standard up, and let us have one honest, manly game, useful to body and mind, and not a means of trapping the unwary, and thereby fattening our own cheque-books. ' 