£rrTTaICrHm .1 ILY. Jl1rT TA7XATION-TCONOHICAL eOYIMEM rINT -FRTIHCT JanEDOu O TBADL. SATURDAY, NOVJMBER 25, 1893. AT the last mn.nthly meeting of the Launceston Ministers' Fraternal Asso. ciation the members agreed to preach to- morrow or the following Sunday on " Christian Patriotism." The spirit from which true patriotism springs or which it evokes is peculiarly a Christian grace since it seeks to promote man's highest good. It should always be an operative force, though there are special occasions when its manifestation should be unmistakable, and surely none can be more appropriate than a general election. The resolution of the ministers is, therefore, both wise and opportune. There was a time when allusion to politics from the pulpit was regarded as a species of misdemeanour, unless, indeed, it took the form of an apology for despotism or a plea for prerogative. Ministers who ventured to give ex pression to opinions that recognised liberty of conscience and the equal rights of men were liable to imprison ment, mutilation, and death; and even long after these extreme penalties had been abrogated they were exposed to contumely and often to social ostracism The reproach implied in a " politi cal parson" was bandied about as though the individual in ques tion was a criminal. Happily with the growth of intelligence and charity this mischievous tendency is dying out, though its flickerings still linger in some quarters when unwelcome doe trines are enunciated. It is now gener ally seen and admitted that within the limitations which ordinary prudence will indidate the pulpit is one of the most suitable and convenient places for the discussion of politica subjects. We do not mean, of course, that it is a fitting arena for party strife : for the advocacy or con. demnation of those petty distinctions under which men often range them. selves - with more bitterness than the challenging of vital truths would awaken. Such ebullitions of temper are unbecoming wherever they are found, and especially so if they occur in the pulpit, where greater self. restraint should be imposed. If we would know what is the duty of Christian ministers in this respect we must first enquire what is the faith they are supposed to teach, and this opens up a very large subject. It covers the whole domain of human experience, for religion touches man'at every point. It watches over his tender infancy; seeks to guide him along " the slippery paths of youth;" allures him with the radiant beauty of a pure manhood; throws a halo of glory round his hoary head ; and lights up the dark valley with the promise of an un ending day. It meets with men in the field, in the workshop, on the road, in the counting-house, on the sea, in the mine; in every part of the globe, in every, pursuit of life; on Sundays, on week days, on holidays, by day and by night. Wherever nien are found, what ever they may be doing, religion should be there, ennobling their aims, directing their actions, and leading each to strive for the common welfare of the whole, Religion would make men true, honest, kind, unselfish, " each counting other better than himself." It is a moulding power, a governing principle, an in spiration; it is the standard by which men try themselves and test their inter course with each other. It makes the I most loyal subjects and the bes citizens. 'Though Christianity (says Robert Hall) does not arsume any immediate direction in the affairs of government, it inculcates those duties and recommends that spirit which will ever prompt us to cherish the principles of freedom. It teaches us to check every selfish paasiou, to consider 1 ourselves as parts of a great com.nurity, and to abound in all the fruits of an active benevolence. The particular operation of this principle will be regulated by cr ;um I stances as they arise, but our obligation to *cultivate it is cleer and indubeitable.. . . If we are bound to protect a neigh bour, or even an enemy from violence, to give him raiment when he is naked, or food when he is hungry, much more ought we to do our part toward the preservation of a free Government, the only basis on which t the enjoymentofthoseblessingscan'securely rest. He who breaks the fetters of slavery and delivers a nation from thraldom forms, in my opinion, the noblest comment on the great law of love, whilst he distributes the greatest blessings which man can receive . from man; but next to that is the merit of him who in times like the present watches over the edifice of public liberty, repairs its 1 foundations, and strengthens its cement when he beholds it hastening to decay. All this religion claims to do for man kind, and much it has already accom plished in spite of counterfeits and half. hearted profession. Surely with such a noble mission and such brilliant achieve ments, its teachers are entitled to take part in discussing the political problems of the day. Society imposes duties upon its members, but if the discharge of these duties is left to persons who are least qualified for the task only disaster can e result. Mr Stead has drawn his ideal of a " Civic Church " which, without dis- turbing denominational preferences, shall yet combine the best elements of every sect in active solicitude for the common welfare. With such an organisation, he tells us, the nomination of candidates notoriously dishonest and immoral would be absolutely impossible. On the eve of every election the Civic Church would stir up all the affiliated churches to appeal to the best citizens to regard the service of the municipality as a duty which they owe to God and man, and to all citizens to prepare for the ballot with a due sense of the religious responsibility of the exercise of citizenship. He adds:— There are always in all elections certain great morel issues upon which all good men agree of whatever party they may be. But as these issues seldom affect, except adversely, the pockets of wealthy and powerful interests, they are ignored. The Civic Church would bring them to the front and keep them there. All that is needed is that the professedly religious men should be as resolute to pull the wires for the Kingdom of Heaven as irreligious men are to roll logs for the henefit of the gaming hell or the gin shop. For all the pecula- tion, corruption, jobbery, and pandering to the drunkard, the gambler, and the prostitute, which disgrace so many of our cities, the responsibility lies at the door of the churches. They have for the most part abando ned the electoral field to the world, the flesh, and the devil, and then piously marvel how it is the Kingdom of Heaven is so long in getting itself estab- lished amongst us. Even without such an organisation as that contemplated by Mr Stead,. through which the best units of all the churches might work in concert, the love of truth and right ought to be a bond sufficiently strong to unite them in a common effort to raise the tone of our social institutions. And to do this effectually we must purify the stream at its fountain head. This is peculiarly the function of the churches, and it is the duty of their ministers to place it vividly before them. POSSIBLY the hon the Treasurer will regard ithe vituperation which dis- appointed critics have indulged in as the very highest compliment that could be paid his address at Latrobe. These people found nothing in the speech itself to ,efuke by logical argument, and have consequently been forced to the congenial practice of heaping anathemas upon the Cabinets which have held office during the past ten or twelve yeaea. Had some of the rising stars in the political firmament been given the opportunity they would have foretold, it is inferred, the financial collapse which came as a startling surprise upon the best acknow- ledged monetary authorities in Aus tralasia, and have been able to pre-estimate its effect upon the revenue of our own colony. But for the gravity of the situation- rendered more un- certain and full of danger by the appearance on the scene of these political quacks - such utterances would be intensely amusing. Even now they will hardly be seriously regarded and will certainly not distract attention from the real question at issue. If, however, the position is so much more serious than the present Cabinet believes it tn be, there is the more reason for caution and the less excuse for dragging the ghosts of party warfare from their resting place to fight their aimless battles over again. Whilst a vast amount of energy is expended in this direction, and no pains ate spared to blind the public to the real case submitted to the people, those who are eager to engage in the work of destruction do not venture to expound an alternative scheme to that \- proposed. Except in cases in which it suits their purpose to distort facts and misrepresent motives a lofty contempt for the discussion of details is displayed, and then public are tacitly invited to place their trust in some unknown combination of budding statecraft to pull them through. Not one word is said with regard to the retrenchment effected by Ministers to the tune of something like £105,000 per annum. Little more could have been effected in this direction in the time at the Treasurer's disposal, more especially when it is remembered that of our disbursements but £181,000 is open to further operations in the same direction. The figures already published show that the sum annually required. for the payment of pensions and interest amounts to £328,000. Whilst this cannot be reduced, revenue earning works demand £220,404, and institu tions managed by the Government £92,400, leaving a balance as above slated of £181,000 upon which savings may be effected. But where, we may ask, have these studious critics of our finances been whilst our expenditure has increased from £530,000 in 1883 to £854,000 in 1893 1 If their warnings had been made public Mr Henry would probably have had less to make up. The imposition of the tea and sugar duties were condemned, and at the same time the Treasurer is blamed for substi- tuting primage. Is Mr Henry in the wrong for having accepted a proposal not inconsistent with his free-trade principles in order that by. yielding in one direction he could secure far more substantial advantages for the bulk of the people in anofiher I The success of politics, we .know full well, depends upon the exercise of conciliation and the spirit of compromise, for whilst great principles do not admit of modi fication the adjustment of details between contending parties can be brought about only by a give and-take preceess. But there is yet one more objection, according to these critics, in the Treasurer's pro gramme. He should have unsheathed " the free and flashing sword," and intimated that the Upper House must at its peril reject once more the identical measures it has scouted hut a week or two ago. What good object could possibly he attained by such intimida- tion ? If the Ministerial programme is endorsed at the ballot box, as it most assuredly will be, it follows as night the day that it will be submitted to the Council in the form aspproved by the electors, and so endorsed it may reasonably be expected that it will be adopted. If not, other measures will have to be taken, but there is no necessity to mseet trouble half-way or to ereate it by needless threats. To our mind the moderation which Mr Henry has displayed in dealing with this phase of the difficulty is the strongest feature in his address, and presents a striking contrast to the bombastic utterances of his opponents. Hallucinations similar to those we have referred to are sometimes so cunningly conjured up that for a while they obscure sound judgment and warp inde pendent action; but in this instance their transparency is so obvious, their purpose so clear, and their propounders so recklessly indifferent to facts and figures, that the object in view is not likely to be attained. What we require just now is sound administration and steady legislation rather than melodra matic platform performances and vaporous criticisms which have re gard for everything under the sun but the one question which awaits the calm judicial consideration of the people. The Treasurer has treated his subjýet in a business-like way, and it is only by so dealing with it that the people can help to determine a very intricate subject. On the other hand «'e have, as, the late Lord Derby said, " got new teachers. We don't exactly know what they wish or what they in tend to do, possibly for the very ex cellent reason that they do not know themselves," and until their construe tive plans are more fully determined it is hardly likely that they will be permitted to experiment upon the direction of State affairs. TuE election ball was set rolling, as far as Launceston is concerned, by the Minister of Lands addressing his constituents at the Mii'vn Hall last evening. There was a full audience, and by the way in which the account he had to render of his stewardship was r; civcd it is evident that the hon. gentleman has not lost his hold upon the constituency. Mr Hartnoll broke no new ground, from a Minietorialpointof view, but contented himself by touching on someof the princiral political questions of the day. He let it be clearly understood that Ministers intend to re- introduce and send to the Legis lative Council the same measures, with per haps a few minor olterst ous in detail, that it has already rejected. It was satisfactory to note that in dealing with this phase of the question the hon. gentleman adopted a moderate tone, and while affirming his convictions that the Upper House was in the wrong in rejecting the fiscal proposals, contented himself with expressing the hope that if they are accepted by the electors it will give way when the time comes. Naturally there were some differ ences of opinion, which manifested them selves in the questions propounded, but on the whole the campaign in Launceston has opened favourably for the Government. 