FICTION. from Kagllib, American» muA Othar Periodical«, PAULINA LISLE. CHAPTER X.-(Continued.) " My opinion is," Duke said, " that old finke of an uncle abducted the child, and kept it from her all along ; and on that night, in the waiting-room, promised to give it up to her if Bhe would consent She thought you dead; Ehe would sacrifice any- thing, like most mothers for her baby, and she con- sented for its sake. And," continued Duke, in a perfect burst of triumph, " that child is in the next nom !" " Jrv the next room ?" Mr. Lisle could but repeat " In the next room !" And once again Duke began-there seemed no end to the story-telling-and related the receipt of Olivia's note, and how singularly on her wedding morning she had given the child to his care. "There can be no doubt whatever about it," Duke aaid : " it is the same child of Dr. Worth's tale, and your wife was the mysterious lady. She told me plainly the child was hers, and to make assurance doubly sure, it has a locket, with your picture and hair (round its neck. My sister recog- nized the likenesB this morning, and spoke to me about it. You saw the child half a dozen times to-day-yours beyond the shadow of a doubt. KB paternity is written in its eyes." There was still another pause. Duke got up and lighted the lamp-he avoided these blanks in the conversation. " I'll fetch Polly in, if you like- she calls her- self Polly-that is, if she's not asleep." But Polly was asleep ¡ and not for a regiment of fathers would Rosanna have her disturbed. She was reading " Blair's Sermons" by a solitary dip in the kitchen, and looked about as placable and yield- ing as a granite Medusa. " As Mr. Hawksley has waited so long, I dare say he can wait until morning," was her grim reply, 88 she went back to " Blair's Sermons." " Your sister is right," Mr. Hawksley Baid. He was as white as marble, and looked almost as cold " I will see the child to-morrow, to say good-bye." " Good-bye ! Then you mean to leave England -to give up all claim to-" " Lady Charteris"-he spoke the name quite calmly, quite coldly-" is out of England by this time, on the first stage of her bridal tour to Italy. For her sake I once gave up name, character, and my native land; for her sake I make a greater sacrifice now. I give up herself. Think, for a moment, of all that is involved in my coming forward and claiming her. I break her heart, I blight her life, and in the moment we meet we are torn apart. I stand my trial as a thief. I am innocent ; but I cannot prove it. It is the old struggle of might, against right. As it is, she may learn to forget ; happiness and peace may come to her. I cannot make her the talk of England. I can't drag the story of her girlish indiscretion before the world. She will cease to think of me, and I-" He clenched his handB, and great drops Btood on his pallid face. " May God keep me from a suicide's cowardly «nd 1" His folded arme lay on the table, his head fell forward upon them. So Duke Mason, with bated breath, and a great compassion in his heart, left him. The morning came, gray and overcast. A London fog set in, and a sky like brown paper frowned down upon the smoky city. But little Polly, in her blue silk dress, bronze boots, and her golden locket, and flaxen ringlets, looked sunshiny enough to light up the whole parish of Bloomsbury herself. The strange gentleman with the blue eyes so like her own, and tawny beard, took her in his arms, and looked into her small face ; and Polly, who flouted Dnke and Rosanna as haughtily as though she had been Czarina of all the Russias " took to him" in a way that was quite amazing. She kissed his bearded lips, let him look at her locket, told him her name was Polly, and that " Dozy" was " all gone away." '* I supposa her name is Mary," Duke suggested, " and she calls herself Polly for short." "Her name is Paulina," Mr. Hawksley said, quietly. " I am quite certain of it. Paulina WBB the name of-of her maternal grandmother, and of per mother's twin sister-an old family name among the Lyndithe. This child's name is Paulina Lisle. I took my mother's name in America, and I shall keep it. Let her grow up ai MaBon ; keep her with you always, unless her mother should claim her. Her right is always first and most sacred." He kissed the child yearningly, wistfully, and put her down. Half an hour later, and he left Half-Moon Terrace forever. " The ' Land of Columbia' leaves again to-mor- row," he said to Duke j " I shall return by her." They shook hands and parted, with no more words, and the scene-painter went to the Britannia. He was not sentimental nor imaginative in any way, but all that day, and for many days, the pale face and dark eyes of Robert Hawksley haunted bira like a ghost. The " Land of Columbia" sailoä on Tuesday morning. On Tuesday night there came a letter to Half-Moon Terrace addressed to Duke. A cheque for five hundred pounds fell out when he opened it, and he read these lines : "You spoke of wishing to save enough to pur- chase for yourself a home in Speckhaven, where you said there waa a better opening for you than in London. Itisniy desirethat you should do so at once for my child's Bake. Once a year I will write to you, and you to me, telling me of her progress and wel- fare j I go to make a fortune for her ; please God, my daughter shall be an heiress, before whom those who scorn her now shall yet bow down. Let her grow up as your own-in utter ignorance of her own story. If I live, I may one day return to England, and to her-if I die, bo her father in my stead. ' ROBERT HAWKSLBT. HAtia so the first chaptor in little Polly's strange history was read and ended. 