WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MES. H. H. JILWVINGS lives at No. 211, Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an oia one, but iu good order. One night early m December (1891) the two women looked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning however,.in the front parlour. Atabout halfpast 11 they returned, and entered tbe house laughing and talking. Butas they went into the parlour the merry huuiour died out of them in a second. Right in the . middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was ooncealed by a mask his eyes gleaming through the. eyeholes in it.' His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled soreaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked. What was it the women saw V 6 During a recent period of ill health," writes an Amerioan friend, "I had step, badly for several successive nights. On the . fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she.Iooked five years before, tus she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it. and the loaal old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision oame of my weak nerveB, for I've never seen it since, and it s more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott' road, Pokesdown, Hants, wroteus as follows:— "I toat so dreadfully nervous I could not bear any one in the room with lte, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 18S9 I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little tbe better for having gone to bad. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My s skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-aud-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he T b idn't know what my complaint was. I took f othing but liquid food, and could not retain C even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that 1 would never gef better. "I had given up all hope when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was her self once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to hava so much faith in this medicine I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk acrosB the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat ^nd digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgepoit ghost, it remains true that most unoanny visionB and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dypepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 315J22,9vz 