WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW f Mrs I. if, Il JarlNsUta lives at No 211, MAirq Street, Bridgeport, and Mliss Minhle Parrot board with her. Tlbe hour is an old one; but in good order, One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors tad went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house, Theoy left thebgas burning., ho~,ver,. in the front parlour, At about falf-.pl;t eleven thay retlrnedl,and entored tlr hoursl laghiug and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died ols of them ins a s-on . Might in the middle of the room stood a dark man of Eigantle soature. The upper part of his face was concealedl by a mask, his eyesd gleamine throoglh the eoeholese n it. HIis shirt.slevces were rolled ip, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol, The women led screaming from the room, and when bMr Jennings came In the room fie minutes later he found no one in the parlour anti all the doors and windows securely looked. What was it the women sat7 " Dauring a recent poliod of ill he.zlth,? writes' an American friend, "I had slept easlly for several auccesaive nights, On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was auddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of tomy mother Just as she looked live years befire, as she was leaving home to go itn a journey, on whlch journey she was killed in a rallway disaster. I screamred and fainted. I was fo lish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossaips eaid t was a inmmonsand I would never get well Yet I did, and am s perfect health now, I believe that vion fame of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to. the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system Is out of condition, In March, 1890, It was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darraeott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows ;--" was s? dreadfultlynrervoe; I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wioh them far away in case I shoeuld call out for help. This was in June, 1880, I slept very badly, andt in the morning felt little the bettor for havidg gone to bed, There was often a severe pain in my head and over my oyca, and I was sick moat of the time, My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bled, The doctor said he didn't knov what my complaint was, I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach, iy this time I was nothing but skin and bone, Mfy memory completely failed, Mly head actied so dreaid. fully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better, I had given np all hope, whew one day Mrs West of llournementlr, called atnd asked what I was taking, She sa(d shie was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Oiraitive Syrup, As ishl seemed to have so much faith, in this. medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was' able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downsteirae Now I am as well as over. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousnesshalrleft me;!"" The malady IMrs Foster suffered from was indigestion andg dyapepsia and nervorus prosa tratton. The original cause was grief and' shock at the violent dilath of her husband,. by accident, and the system rallied' only when the Symrup hail givemn new -vigour ti, tlir digestioR, and thui fed andti toned the nerves. Whatever may he your opinion,. of the Bridlgeport ghost, it remaiilns true thint most uncanny visions and oundas moean nothing more or ices than a set of nerves all upset by inligestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Scigel's Syrup does its work the eyes a'd care entertain only what is natural and wlholesome. 