SOCIAL GOSSIP. . S3" It is requested that NOTICES of SOCIAL GATHERINGS intend, d for insertion in this column may ho despatched to as to reach the editor not Inter than THURSDAY HORNING in each see. S3 ' It is requested that nit reports of surprirj parlies nnd other gatherings should have tho names and oddrcescs of the writers for the private infor ina- ti'on of the editor, and as a pledge of good faith. Admiral and Mrs. Bowdou- Smit'n gave a Bmall dinner party at Admiralty House on Tuesday evening. On the previous Friday tho second of Mrs. Bowden-Smith's At Homes was, held, and was numerously and fusliionably attended. Tho Mayoress of Sydney (Mrs. W. P. Manning) will resume her monthly recep tions at the Town Hail 011 Monday, May 1. Sir R. W. Duff has left Brindisi by the mail steamer Purramatta, and may ho ex pected to arrivo in Sydney 011 May 29. The first of a series of reuuions to be held in tlie eastern suburbs was hold at the Paadiugton Town Hull on Friday evening, May 21. Thoso parties are under the direc tion of a committee consistiug of Messrs. Stuart Hendersoti (hon. secretary), Portus (hon. treasurer), Kelly, Buckle, Sayers, Solomon and Aldcrsnn. A pleasant evening was spont at the resi dence of Mr. Johnson at the Glebe on Moil- day evening last to celebrate the marriago of Mr. Janies Eylcs to Miss Johnson. The ontortuinment took the form of a musical social, followed by an impromptu dance, and a highly enjoyable evening resulted, the revelry being continued until the small hours of the morning. On Monday evening the Glenlcigii (late Dorothy) Social Cllib, held their lirat social of the season. There was a large at tendance of members and their frhnds. Everything being in readiness a programme of 15 dances was gone through, the music being supplied by Professor Smith's string band. The catering was en trusted to Mr. Smith, and was served in bis new supper-room underneath the ground floor. Sonic vory pretty costumes wore worn, among those present being Mrs. D. J. Clements, Mis9 K, Biddle, Miss M. Doyle, Miss A. Doyle, Miss M. Smith, Miss J. Smith, Miss A. Smith, Miss B. Lane, Miss Wilson, Miss Read, Miss Walsh, Miss Ryan, Miss Hurley, Miss Joiner, Miss Sutherland, Miss Murphy, Misa Nihil!, Miss O'Neill. Miss Maloney, Miss Butler, Messrs. 1). J, Clements, Clancy, J. Curley, (J. Kelly, P. M'Namara, T. Searlo; F. Doyie, M. Doyle, J. Rieley, Jolinston, J. M'Ethone, M'Kinuon, K, Loseby. Walsh, M'Orao, J. Murphy, Richards, M. O'Neill, Joiner, T. Maher, M. Coombc, A. Heath. The next social will bo held on Monday, May 15. A quiet wedding was solemnised at St. Mark's Church, Granville, 011 Wednesday evening, April 19, the contracting parties being Misa Ada Flora Tair, second daughter of the late Mr. John Tait, of Petersham, and Mr. Andrew Allen, oldest sou of the late Mr. Andrew Allen, of Waterside, London derry, Ireland. The vicar of theparish, the Rev. 1). E. EvanB-Jonea, was the officiating oiargyman. The bride was given away by her brother, Mr. W. S. Tuir, while the bridesmaids were the Misses A. Allen, May Tait and Ruby Cook. The church was prettily decorated with- flowers and ever greens by lady friends of the bride. After the ceremony the bridal party adjourned to the vestry, where the usual congratulations were bestowed. Tho party then proceeded to the residence of tho bride's mother, whero a reception was held. The health of the bride and bridegroom was proposed by Mr. Cootes in an appropriate speech, and was suitably responded to by the bridegroom. Several other speeches were made, and shortly after 9 o'clock the happy pair left for their new home. The wedding presents were numerous and costly. The new shot , straws are trimmed with ombre ribbons. Among the new ornaments aro very pretty cameo pinB. The Puritan is a quaint little bonnet, made of a band of embroidered velvet laid flat on tho head, with a bunch of feathers towards the front, and ribbon strings. "Beefeater" shapes of covered felt with rolled brims covered with Persian lambs' wool and " donkey oar " bows of lambs wool with quills on tho side, are extremely dash ing for winter wear. We have to thank Berlin also for a new fashion in the shape of visiting cards, those being iron catds, which, on ait, aro more elegant and moro chic than the usual ones. This metallic card is of a dead black, ou which tho name is written in silver (de cidedly funereal, according to our way of thinking), and are so thin that they can be packed into the card-case in double the numbers of ordinary cards. For brilliancy of coloring the now materials outshine thoso of previous seasons. Nearly all are shaded or show changeable effects. There are two or thrco pronounced novelties in silks. The shaded sheeny silks patterned with a small flower are extremely' gorgeous. An example is in ever so many shades of green and red, each melting into the other, In some of the silks the shading occurs at regular intervals, and takes the form of wide Btripos. The Empire belt and zouave jacket, when combined, have the faculty of making an old dross appear new. A plain house gown of scarlet Henrietta cloth, which the owner has come to regard in a monotonous light, was effectively changed the other day. This was done by the aid of a jaunty black vel vet jacket, with deep revers lined with p'aid silk and assisted 'by an Empire belt. Tile belt was made of narrow bands of black velvet, made in corselet fashion, and each band ornamented with an odd little gold buckle. Lord Tcynham has just made public somo curious correspondence through tho London Times. There came to him one day a long letter superscribed "Strictly private and confidential," in which the writer (a gallant colonel) dilated on tho charms of a young Australian lady who "desired alliance with a man of title." This interesting antipodeau possesses an estate yielding £19,0(10 a year, in addition to £280,000in cash and securities, and is, liko all of her family, of irreproach able churacter. Pleasant to look upon and highly accomplished, she has moved in the best society. Who is this fair Australian ? Among ths many characteristic stories told of Worth's methods in oreating'his sur prises, there is one of a commission ho re ceived for a fancy gown which a great bolle desired to have absolutely unique. Tho great man spent tho night consulting with his collnborntcur, but the idea refused to matbriulise. Weary with their fruitless toil, tho two artists stepped out on a balcony to rest and forget their disappointment in a cigarette. " Voila ! it is the dawn," said one. " Ciel ! it is tho dress," cried YVorth ; and " Dawn," with its subtle harmonies of grey and violet and rose shot through with gold, was the success of the ball. While thero is justice in the recent com plaints regarding tho dancing-man's ten dency to escape after having caton and drank — at a recent dinner-party (according to Voque), out of twenty men at table only seven appeared at tho ' dance— yet the Now York bachelors seem to have awakened to a sense of their social obligations and to have determined to pay "inkihd" through the medium of teas or musicales. Many men have vory beautiful apartments. Tlie artists began it, to be sure, but the men of fashion have not been slow to follow, having, of course, immoasureably the advantage iu the choice of a hostess pro tern. It is a charm ing position, that of "receiving" for a per fectly unexceptionable bachelor — a relative more or less noar— for men as well as women flools to thesofuuotloQSi Thero Is about thorn a something of adventurousuess, of uncon ventionally, of freedom, which gives them an unaccustomed zest. Tho Japancso ladies of rank wear most beautiful tinted robc9 of soft greys and violets, pale greens, grey blues, and neutral colors, with the edges Boftly faded out in the dyeing, and with exquisitely painted decorations in harmonious lints. A typical dress is 0110 of sinokc- grey Bilk grenadine, and hems and edges lading out to paler groy, and tho design done in soft greens, palest yellows and shades of the groy. A bit of folded crape shows at the nook a brightness of scarlet. The cleanliness of the Japanese women is absolute — every morning tho scalding hot bntli. Her gar ments uro all made with long basting stitches, so that they may be ripped apart and washed, and thoy are ripped and. washed and redyed aud made over and over again until they will no longer hold together. A woman's chance tn marry at from 15 to 20 years of age is said to be 1-1J per cent. From 20 to 25, the chance is increased to 02 per cent.; from 25 to 30, it diminishes to 18; from 30 to 35, to 15J per cent. From 35 to 40, tho chances of an uninarried woman sink tu 3 ! per cent. ; from 40 to 45, a Btill further diminution is seen, her chance being but 2 A. From 45 to 50, the old maid's chance of getting a husband is but j! of 1 per cent., while from 50 to 55 sue is supposed to have but J of I per cent, of a chunco. It should, howevor, be added that tho table of averages docs not apply to widows. Accurate statistioiuus affirm tliat a widow of any age has at least 76-spinster- drawing power, and somo place her figure up to 82, The widow's chances at any age are, therefore, 76 to S2 Mimes better than that of a spinstor. For a good many years past, ballroom re formers have been pretty constantly agitat ing for the revival of that stately and classic lance, tho inimier. Tho disinclination of young men to duueo at all, and their prefer- once for the waltz whan they dp condescend to ask for a dunce, has been an inert ob stacle iu the way ; but, nt last, Herr Johann Strauss, the famous Viennese musician, has succeeded in obtaining a trial of his pet idea. At the White Cross Society's charitable ball in Vionna 28 couples danced a minuet. Tho men wore dress-coats and black knee-brcoclies, while the young ladies wore all arrayed in whito Empire dresses and sandals. Tho experiment, we arc told, was "a great success." Perhaps we may presently see the minuet in American ball rooms. Tho cheapness and simplicity of the dresses in which it is danced will lond it favor in the eyes of fathers of daughters ; but whether tile daughters will see the matter iu - the sumo light is not quite so certain. The flower baths rendered fashionable hy Lenthine, tho great Parisian perfumer, aro quite within the possibilities for a popular girl with a thrifty turn of mind. They aro prepared by tossing throo hsndfuls of dried violets in tho bottom of tho tub, soaking them in boiliug water for half or three- quarters of an hoar, when the rest of the water is added and tho bath is ready, delightfully perfumed and refreshing to the nerves, by virtue of tlie fragrant blossoms. Flowers tiiat have been worn of au evening or done duty in vases for a day can bo utilisod for the bath as well as the fresh blossoms. They liavo but to be stripped of their petals, and thon dried with a sprinkling of salt upon a news paper or towel in a sunny window. Another pet fancy of ladies is to iiila pillow with the dried flower petals, a pillow made of the strong, fine bolting cloth of silk, through which the tint of the blossoms may be plainly seen. Then for tlie delicate part of the work write upon tho pillow in soft similes of sepia the initials of the donors of the blossoms intertwined in fancy curves and spirals, or the dates, or any little catchword to remind you of pleasant associations with tho flowers. The pillow is restful to a tired head, aud brings reflections and dreams as sweet and as subtle as the faint fragrance of the dead flowers. Of tho Queen's second drawing-room, Modern Societv writes : Apropos of shoul ders, there was not nearly such a super abundant display thereof 011 this occasion as usual. The elderly ladies seemed to bo decently clothed ; the younger ones had veiled their necks in lace, or mullled them in costly wraps; and the debutantes were mostly in modest array, such u9 sets off a young maiden's charms without unduly ex hibiting them. One young damsel we did seo who seemed to have very little drapery abovo the waist at all ; to hide the de ficiency of tulle or whatever it was (ber presentation robe was made of some sweetly , diaphanous material of the kind), she had stuck a huge po3y of hyacinths in tho very centro of her bust, aud. really tho white blossoms were not a bit more sunny than the girlish bosom against which they nestled ; but the daylight was so very clear and broad, and tho crowd composed of Buch mixed and even rough elements, that one longed to offer her a shawl to veil those too dazzling charms from the vulgar gaze. But she was an exception ; hero and there an elderly Jezebel caino up with all her " little lot" on show, but the majority of tlie gowns were out, or draped, or whatever tho feminine art is called, into a most decorous sufficiency of covering. Here 'is a strango story from the laud of tlie Danes :— Three months ago the Prince Royal of Denmark, with tho Princess, was living at tho Royal residence, Copenhagen, and the first night after their arrival a chamberlain was snatched violently out of his bed. Tho next day Pritico John asked him if lie had not heard a dreadful noise in his room. Tho same evening the Princess Louise was writing in her drawing-room with tho lights all lit, when a phantom ap peared and looked at her fixedly ; tho Prin cess rose nnd rushed out aftor it, but it dis appeared assoon as sho approached it. Prince Christian, eldest son 0 i tholiereditary Prince, went to fetch au object in a dark room, wlienco ho returned pale and trombling, saying that the room was filled with men, who would not allow him to enter. Tho day before they left the Danish Royal Family was playing at whist with Prince Gnstavus of Sweden, when tho - latter turned pale and said an unknown person was standing cloie to him and had dis appeared suddenly. It is a very curious fact, but all tho members of the Danish Royal Family believe firmly in- ghosts — per haps they aro the samo which disturbed Hamlet's Bleep — and it is said ths Princess of YY'ales shares the samo sentiments as her relatives, and read with interest the letters from Copenhagen rolatiug the story of thoso apparitions of the spirits. ,rA Parisian " writes thus: — "What I have personally observed in tho way of skirts is this : Thoy are being worn much fuller, but aro still tight at the top, opening out as they descend towards the bottom ; they arc also shorter than they were. Of course, this style of jupo will require more petti- coating than has been the habit latterly, but I do notobjoct to that so long ns it is not an overture to the crinoline, atrocity. Long petticoats clinging about 0110 look very pretty when thero is not too much starch in tliem, and especially so when ipade with a broad plisso at the bottom ; and I know men liko them. At this season of tho year they can bo fasbionod out of colored material, and when tastefully put together are charming., I am quite tired of that short petticoat arrangement, just tailing as low as the knees, and then tho silk petticoat over that. The now fashion will not bo any economy, for what will be saved at the silk mercer's will go to tho laundresB iu the long run. The malorial that i'b boing used for dresses is extremely light, and that to some extent explains why thoy are being made so much fuller. Gauze and silk muslin aro becoming all the rage, and a new texture has just como out. which they call veil material. I saw a house dress made of this that measured 40 metres rotJnd the bottom— yos, 40 mitres. It was a sort of imitation of the robes worn . by Loie Fuller, and was named after her. Tho most fashionable colors aro mauve and violet, in all their shades from the palest to tho doepest. SIcoveB ore, as I described them last week, full attho top to within an inch of tho elbow, and then fitting tight to the arm ; but instead of being puffed out _ at tho top like tho Empiro sleeve, and rising above the shoulder, the full part now falls in natural folds upon the elbow. One of New York's smart social set re marked to an Illustrated American writer the other day that no woman who pretended to keep in the swim could drcs3 her part under less than dOOdol. a month. No less will suffice to keep her supplied with clean slippers and gloves, glossy boots, crisp, chic hats and novelties in tho way of frocks and wraps. Evon though she ride in a carriago and employ a maid to care for her things, they get rumpled and worn merely putting them off . and on, and unloss the supply is constantly replenished, Bhe will soou fall into s'nahbi- ness, according to tho standard sho follows. A thorough-going society light will make not less than four, nnd frequently five, toilets every day. Each one must be perfect in its way, and limuy of her garments are prized for their fragile, transient qualities. Being quite ns fastidious concerning her. lingerio as her ball gowns, she pays heavily to weur garments of silk, batiste and lncc, that perish after a dozen contacts with the laundry tubs. Her gloves alono lira an important item, costing several hundreds every year, and as flowers for personal adornment are included in the expenses, they frequcutiy demand eight and ten dollars a week for violets alono. Another inroad into her allowance iB mado by tho necessities of hot' jewel case. Every few month's some fresh allurements ore offered in the way of ornaments, and, unless she can purchase, alio 'is forced to drop be hind in the race for supremacy. For ex ample, tho novelty for jtiio moment is for jewelled collars to clasp closo about the throat outside of the gown. To ilia ex tremely smart woman it is an imperative necessity to own 0110 of these trifles. She feels obligod either to buy 0110 outright of topaz aud pearls, or of torquoise and dia monds, or else break up some les3 desirable bijoux and havo one made. No matter what she dees the obligation is an expensive one, aud no sooner is that bill made than some other fad conies to the fore and drives her deeper into expenditures. Skirt dancing has come somewhat into favor in drawings, but if crinolines or hoops are to be worn it will be difficult of accom plishment. Tho N.Y. YY'oiild says:— " Miss Madison has succeeded in demon strating that a skirt dance could not. be performed in hoops. The hoop-skirt does not permit any manipu lation of the skirts. It wants all the action itself. Unlike the silken folds which enwrap the form of Loio Fuller and other serpents, it is not capable of being tossed and whirled about in various graceful mid undulating curves. Owing to its peculiar structure, it gives constant proof of the exist ence of the' mechanical force termed by the physicists inertia. YY'hen once sot in motion, it shows a disposition not to como at rest until acted upon by some external forco oxertfed in an opposite direction. Thus, in tho course of her dance. Miss Madison has occasion to spin round rapidly. A rotatory motion is imparted to the hoop- skirt, which keeps on going around for some time after the dancer has como. to a stand still. ' Again, when Miss Madison first de murely comes on the stage, looking like a picture taken from tho old-time fashion plates, she waljts down to the footlights and says, ' Ladies, this is crinoline ; how do you liko. it?' Then sho turns her back to tho audience and bows to the rear of the stage. Although she bends her body but slightly, the circumstance is revealed that, with the exception of the China silk gown that covers tho hoop- skirt, Miss Madi son is clad in pink. This and a number of other interesting tilings sho does to show what a solf-asserting tiling the hoop-skirt is. When she lets her hand fall on one side the skirt jumps out iu the opposite direction. YY'hen she hits it against the scenery in making her exit it sticks out behind, and she has to press the thing together so that she may squeeze her way out. Once she gets her foot caught in the wire3 and goes bobbing about the stage to tho intense delight of tho spectators. " Tho sensation of dancing in orinoline," said Miss Madison, "is vory queer. Your feet arc hidden from view, you know, and you cau't tell whether you are graceful or not." " It is singular to noto that, in spite of tho ludi crous attitude in which Miss Madison's dance puts the hoop-skirt, she is a firm believer in it, and thinks it will eventually be worn fully as large as the one she dunces iu. This fact, of course, adds interest to her act," 0 miss mantalini's " mems." Here aro some of Miss Mantaiini's latest- "mems.":— I saw a delightful novelty in evening silks. Looked at one way it was a lovely shado of green ; roversed, .it showed all tho colors of the rainbow. Some of the old-fashioned shot silks flecked with black or covered with tiny black dots are peculiar but far from pretty. Satin is still tho material most preferred for evening dressei. Green and purplo aro both fashionable colors for trimming grey cloth gowns. A Felix dresB wa3 of putty-colored cloth with a " waist bodice " almost entirely composed of moss-groou velvet. I saw some wonderful novelties in coats. One iu black and plum shot silk, sufficiently striking for any dash ing woman, had tremendous sleoves — yes, thoy were nothing short of tre mendous — of mirror velvot in dark-plum color, shot with gold. The coat fell in loose folds back and front, from a yoke of jotted velvet. Another coat, inado of black not, somewhat in the fashion of a Russian blouse, hud a sleeveless biack satin over-jacket of very novel cut, lavishly trimmed with jet. This made 110 pretension to fit. The coat itself, however, was con tained at the waist by a black satin belt, and had pretty sleeves divided into puffs, as it were, by means of jet bands occurring at regular intervals. A brown cloth coat had big black satin sleeves, and a frill of jetted uet round the shoulders. By the way, the new jet trimmings are much lighter than those that have been worn hitherto. Among the delightful French gowns und coats that a young lady tried on for my benefit was a YVorth tea-gown, well suited to tho style of an Eastern princess. It had a magnificent train of heliotrope mirror velvet. Tho dress itself was of satin in a more delicate Bliade, gorgeously embroidered with gold and trimmed with real lace. Another model that pleased mo a groat deal more, and was perhaps not a tenth tho cost oi the gown described, was of shot pink and green bengaline cloth, with a loose flowing front of pink silk oorduroy crfipe over bright green silk. Tho sleeves were puffed and edged with lace frills. Millinery will bo very gay this souson. I havo particularly admired a little bonnet of the Mario Stuart shape, made of black net trimmed with cowslips and having two loops of velvet and a black aigrette iu front. One of the most effective hats was of black net embroidered with tiny jet sequins. It had a bright green Beefeater sort of crown, and damask rose and black satin ribbon for trim ming. Another attractive hat was of cream straw with a crown fdrmed entirely of violets. Among tho latest novelties in fulls is a spotted net edged with two rows of narrow black velvet. " Mirror velvet" still holds sway as the favorite trimming for gowns und bonnets. Satin is now almost tho only' material used for the sleeves of elaborate gowns. A protty black cloth dfess . which passed me in the street this week was trimmed its entire depth with four or five deep fionnces, each edged with black satin. It had a "waist bodice " and enormous sleeves of satin. The bishop sleeve .is superseding tho leg-of- mutton, but tho slecvo wliioh bids fair, to be more fashionable than any other this season is puffed all the way up. 