LIST FOB LIVE; OR, The Last of His Race. CHAPTER XV. — Continued. I entered the breakfast-room at Heron's Pond,' and found Brian Lyn- wood alone, standing by the window in the golden sunlight. Venetia was not yet down, and I was glad of it. " You have beon crying, Peggy," he said, anxiously, the moment ho met my outstretched hand ; " what is the matter ?" " I — I have made a resolve," I said in a low voice, looking vacantly out at the grand chesnuts in the garden, the dew sparkling like quicksilver on the rushes above the margin of the pool — " one that I think will surprise you." " Let me Hear it and judge," he re quested, leaning against the window- shutter and thrusting his hands into his pockets. T Hon— VUU DIIUill, BlliU' J-. "Mr. Lynwood, I want — I want " I stopped and grew- very cold all at once. "Yes?"— kindly. / ' "Well, I want you to do mo a favor," I faltered. ' " Will you name it ?" he said. I want you to put a kind of adver tisement in the second column of the Times, please, and in tho other papers, as well — the 'agony' column, you know," I said, desperately. ','1 will word it if you send it." I glanced up at him. His brow was contracted ; his lips were working beyond his control. When he spoke next his voice sounded harsh and un natural. " Whom is it for," he asked. . "I think you know," I answered timidly. " You won't refuse me ?" "No." " I have thought it out," I went on, with another sigh; " if you will just be good enough to take a piece of paper and writo it down. -There are not many words." Silently he took out his pocket-book," his hand, shaking as he held the pencil. I" T nr»i vonrlu " enbl Iia wriflmnf Uh. ing his head. I cleared my throat with a gulp;. . but my eyes filled and the view from the window became misty and indefi nite. Brian Lynwood had to speak again. " I am ready." " Put this down, please," I com menced, hurriedly ; " and alter it after wards if you think it will not do." . " ' Prom Peggy to R.C. — Come back to the old home where the mother is grieving. She is waiting for you. So am I. Return, and it shall bo as you wished before you went away.' That's all." Ho wrote it quickly, and dropped the book into tho depths of his breast pocket. Ho looked me steadily in the face, and I saw then how pale he was. " You havo not, I hope, decided rashly," ho said, his voice still hard and constrained. " It is the only thing that can be done," returned I, wearily. " Matters cannot go on as they havo been going lately. My godmother will forgive mo now, perhapB. Standing so uttorly alone I cannot bear to be estranged from her." "We are your friends," he said. "Yes, you are very good ; but some thing must be done all — all the same," I remarkod, sobbing spasmodically. " I liavo wrought tho mischief — it is in my power to repair it. Mr. Lyn wood, say you think that I am acting for tho best — that tho coqrse I have adopted is a wise one ?" There was a great wistfulness, which puzzled me, in his boautiful blue oyes as he said — " You do not Ibve Roderick Garno — do you, Poggy 1" " No, no no !" " And ho loves you well j" " Ho said so — I beliovo ho doe3." "Then you aro, I trust, acting for tho best," lie said, moodily. " If any woman can save him, you can ; and, considering everything, perhaps you ought to do so. Ib is not as though you loved another man ; your heart is wholly free, so why not save Rodorick Carno ? He need not have gone, after _n -o » I could only wring my hands in quiet anguish. He know not what ho was saying — he knew not how I suffered. "We do not. know where ho is," he continued, "but rest assured that your appeal, if it should meet his eye, will bring him speedily home." Brian Lynwood turnod from the window, and I said to myself, " My life is wrecked." Venetia, coming in, found us quite silent. She flushed and trembled when Brian explained to her the nature of our roconb talk, but she re ceived the news meekly, resignedly, on tho ' whole, and passed no comment whatever when he had .finished spoak- ing. - ' " So that was the result of my burying my love for Brian last night. Since it was not for me, I cared nob for the future or what might become of my self. Any sweet lingering hope that may have been cherished secretly in my foolish breast, influencing me in all things hitherto, was dead-now and the ghost of it hidden away for ever. Since I could not be happy in this world, I would sacrifice my life for tho happiness of others — that would bo the better, the nobler way. And I prayed humbly that I might not stumble when the time should come for me to follow it uncomplainingly. CHAPTER XVI. Later on, the appeal from " Peggy " to " R.C." was figuring boldly at the head of the other " agonies" in all tho morning papers. I could scarcely realiso the whole length and breadth of the step I had taken until I behold tiiose scaring pnnceu lectors cnac would mako' known to Roderick Carne, should he happen to meet with them, that I had thought fit to repent of my previous answer, and was now ready, just for the asking, to give him another and differont one. And I loathed tho daily papers so long as my words were in them. I was still at Heron's -Pond, for the Dame had not asked for me, and, whenevor Venetia went over to see her, which was often, she — Dame Cicely — would not mention my name, nor would she have it mentioned in her hearing. Of course she know what I had done, but how should she tell as yet whether any good might come of the message 1 She could only wait and watch like ourselves at Heron's Pond; and I believe that tho suspense of that daily watching and waiting was simply terrible to the lonely old woman by her desolate hearth at Carne Monastery- One morning — it was cloudless late May weather now, with Iambs and buttercups in the meadows again, and young rooks squabbling in the elms — we rose from our beds as usual, never 'dreaming of what was going to happen before tho night closed in. Brian left after breakfast a little earlier than was his wont for his cus tomary walk to my godmother's abode. He might have been gone an hour or perhaps more, and Venetia and 1" wero sitting with our work baskets in our favorite place — the study bow- win dow. "Peggy, look !" cried Venetia,'' presently. " Here comes the footman from Carne ' Monastery — he is run ning ! Can anything have hap pened!". Our first thought was of Brian. The window was open, and I leaned out. Tho man saw us, turned from the path , that led round to tho back, and hurried up to the window instead. " What do you want 1" I called to him, impatientl)'. I-Ie was breathless, but with a touch of his cap held out a note. I took it, and saw that it was addressed in Brian's writing to Venetia. I gave it to her, and she sat down, very pale, to read ib. The messenger lingered as though ho could not withhold his news, which doubtless ho would, havo told could ho havo found tho breath to tell it with. "You had hotter go and get your self a glass of' beer," .t said, graciously, and he depnrted with alacrity. "What is it, Venetia?" I inquired, anxiously, turning to her. " Is Brian "' / " Ho is well," alio interrupted, trembling, as she rose from her seat ; " but— but " She handed mo the note, and I read in pencil — " Come over immediately — you and Peggy. Roderick arrived last night ; is very ill. He lias asked for you both. Lose no time. Brian." (to be continued.) 