V . SUNDAY S .E R VICES. CIIllIHT CHlitlCH. , ' , The Rev E. A. Crawford preached on Sunday evening (Whitsunday), ou St Luke, 24tli chap ter, 49th verso. — "And behold I send forth the cromise of mv Father uonn you." Tho Daath nnd : Resurrection of our L-ird happened at Passover time, for He is -our Passover, in whom tho typo was fulfilled. The coming of tlio Holy Ghost happened at. Pentocost, and thero was a double' appropriiftbiif-ss , iii this. ' PeutocoHt was the Feast pf ' First' Fruits, and t.lie bh'urch on that 1 day ' had " 'abuntlant firat frults of ., Itor spiritual harvest to offor to God, so' numerous wero 'tlio converts to .CfiriBt on tup urst: proaoh- ing pf itiie -Gospel when tlio Holy Ghost came down upon tho assembled .church. : Again, Pentecost had come -to bo kept as n memorial of th'o1 giving of tho Law from Sinai, DO days after the passage of tho' Red Sea. And the Now Covqiapt.wB formally pr/imulRatcd oii the day wo bommomorato. ' Until' the Ho|y . Ghost f was given the ApDstlos'watfoff and prayed, thou they proqlaimpd Christ Cfueiped aud rispQ ivitji pqwer and .mtccpas. .The Ad.vonfc bf tho OomfprfBr was marked "liy coii'spipuous .signs.'-tlip sound of a gale, and tho appoaranco' of (iro " oii' overy saintly head." Why wero signs necess iry 1 Mat thew Arnold said very impressively, " Mirnoles do not happen, " not printing a statement in italics, as ho has done, does not make it true. -'The "signs" of Puntpoost (woro .'plain to all,, nnd neeessarity so, for it was of the'lirat importance that fthera should bo a olear bprpo'rate certainty that tho Spirit was come. Outward signs-were needful to produce this corporate certainty. A more comparing of notos as to inward sepsatlons would not, have been enough for the Batisfa;btion either of themselves, or of the whole. Ohuroh down to the'end of time. And the sigosjwere most appropriate. In Hebrew, Gropk, ; and Latin, tho word for Spirit is tho samoap the: word for the air or wind. Tho wind, invisible, : yot powerful, seemed to all, I ho nearest likonesa to the Spirit's nature and' action. So tho sound of the gale would suggest to thorn at once that tho Holy Ghost was come. (Ghost means the samo as Spirit). And the fire, too, was a tvoll known emblem of tho Holy Ghost. It symbo lises zeal and earnestness, and the Lord Jesus had promised that they should bo baptised with1 tho Holy GhoBt, as the Baptist had said, " with tho Holy Ghopt and with fire," In concluding lih|flreMe|lppl«ibd: lor; asiilttitae'in tho work A'RESBYTEHIAN ClttTBOli.lX Tho Rev Hume Robertson premoned on Sun- day morning from — " Now no chastening, fur tjie present, seemeili to ho j-iyous, hut grievous ; nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable! fruits of righteousness unto thom which aro exorcised thereby."— -Hebrews, 12tli chapter, 2nd vora.e.j ; ;It . is quite. .true uickusas,. suffering, grief, poverty, and ' want' tlo udSJsbem joyous, but grievous ; hut our_tqxt implies, nay states, tliore is a lime, when, to those who are exer cised ...therpjiy, such .fhings- will ho no ,qnger grteyqus.'h'iit juyqU8. 'Fbr such -things wjjl re- suit' in riglitobdsnese, Hhd riH'toousneas tiriiiga peace, and poacu hoeomcrt j'ly. The. first prin ciple 'that 'UridtSrlfes out ' tdkt''' is — God1' has 'a gracious. pur/ioau in all sorrp'w(and Iroublp. . If it 'id the pUnifth'mbiit' tif 'Bin,' the result, to those who. are ox'efpiiod.therellj'iBlatttrii 'tl'io'jrt ,'frbni tlicir 'pip'.'/'Qlt.ltho chWstening-'is not puuisliiiieiit fqr./iiiijjit fi:fl(il|,lsout.'to.'.'irqdijcqjtl|0|iette(f)il»lq- fr'u'ita of rigiitoousnuHS. This tnusc be Ht), for God; lovps. men; 'and he r-willsilhuir sulvutiun ; therefore our otornal good- is inounb to bo the outcphle" of "oydry tiling : that i htifalla us. e Atld this is truo with the nation as with the in- dividual"; G'bd' Is tho G-id of'iitltions, just hs He is' ' the G6d' %t-'fbrsbns '('opt' chastening at the present time, the fiuaneial troubles, the poverty, tho scarcity , of .labour, theso. )iavu cumo lia'ttib result of 'out' niris ;' theso "thipgs urb inten'dudhy God to make us a riglitbhus ttud God-fearing naliopi .-Ho. wishpg .us ,tp, put iiway ouc.aiiiaj.of cpydtoua'ness and -matnmou , worship. His will is that w.e,. should -bring forth the fruits of righteousness in poaco, and - so bo exalted. Tho second principle in our toxt is that chastening brings: forth- thb peaceable -fruits of righteous ness only to them that are exercised thereby. Therefore we must pray that wo as a natiou'may tako aright 'tliia trouble wliieh is :ori i us,; that thero may ho a great increase of gbdlihess nnd truo holiness .'among us as a (people ; wb must also ttikp ali bur own. tronhlbd to God.'and loayp oitr8elves and them' (in Gbd's hands, depending upon .Him - to - work; that which Ho .pleases, Samuel Rutherford; says, ..." It is better to be sick providing' Jesus come and drawroside the bed ourtains.and say, Courage, I am thy saiva- vatiphj' than to' onj/iy hoalth.-boing. lusty -and strong, and never be visited of God." " Be hold, happy ' is / the man whom: God dorrodt'eth'-'; therefore despm'e not thou the' ohastbning of the Almighty," ; ' ' ,l; . " 