? N a lure's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER 1 i.—CONTINUED. BY ATIIA WEST BURY. Liftim; the unfortunate shred of paper again, Howe saw that, the portion torn away was that containing the advertisement oiEering the reward of £-">00. " It w.is uatural that he should seek to destroy it," thought Iiowe. Then lie remembered Vane's singular melancholy, J;is lontr reveries, those broken dreams and sudden exclamations. They were all explained now. What had he dene 1 Of what crime had he been guilty? Was i": murder V The thought" was horrible to be the bosom friend of a man who, perchance, had the stamp of Cain upon him. To live in the same tent, to eat. talk at the same board together as if that secret had not been 1 The doubt was in itself more than mere pain to the mind of the cultured voting Englishman. What then should he do ? Give him «p—send information to Melbourne ? "No!" Fenton lay back in his chair, a lijrht glaring in his eyes. " Not mine the finger to be pointed at him," he said. " Of whatever he be guilty, I cannot forget that fc'waa he who nursed me back from the threshold of death to life. Judge not. So be it." One day wuen the young Englishman bad grown well and strong, and while the Titori Valley rang with the sound of hammer and pick and cradle, Vane came into tiie tent where his comrade was preparing the mid-day meal, with a pale face and a staggering gait? " You are ill, dear Vane," cried his friend. " No. Let me rest quietly a moment," and when he had rested ho said, " shake hands, Howe. Fortune has smiled upon us at last." The young digger starts at his mate in nervous excitement without a word in reply, but there came an idea into Jiis mind that Vane is in one of his moods again. For long and weary months these two men have fought a stern light with fortune for a slice of her favors. With that feverish hope, which gives us both strength and courage to cold-seekers, they had toiled and endured privation of ad ordinary kind. Diggers each side of them, and round and about them had found the precious ore almost; withput an effort, but to them, work as they might, success seemed to mock at them. 'Fortune had come at length, however, as Vane had said, and, morever, had showered her favors in sncli valuable quantity and <juality on our two friends that from henceforth they need toil and moil and starve no more. Then Vane toid how he had found a prodigious nugget—found it at the point of his pick when about to leave work for dinner—a huge lump of shining gold, which taxfd all his strength to remove from its bed. No one on the field knew that eucli a treasure had been unearthed until the Bank of Auckland had it safe in their possession. Nor was this all ; the claim which had yield-d such a deposit of the precious m>;'.al must-perforce be a valuable one, and so it was sold at a good figure, which added Jo swell the fortunes of-lucky Vane and his comrade. Within a month they had decided to leave the diggings, and return again to a civilized st.ile of existence. Both were quite satisfied with their experience on tiie Tiiori Valley. •V Whiit a human hive it is," slid Fenton, glancing round at tiie seething crpwd. '"Toil, toil, toil, without respite, sis* if gold alone could s cure happinees." "Oil, it is a fine thing to turn philosopher" when the stow, is found," responds Vane, laughing. v " After all money is the great fetish in this age, and there is a very ^ood excuse for those who bow down and, worship it. What can be done without mone}' ? You and I, Howe, without gold were subject, to much privation and suffering. To-day the case is reversed. Ergo ! we are philosophers, and are lifted out of the Slough of Despond because we have some thousands of pounds at our bankers." " Gentle, cynic," cries the other. Was it,your love of wealth which kept you iiere herding with these wretches, many of whom to my mind are scarcely superior to dumb brutes." No," answers Temple Vane in a subdued tone. " Men of my temperament must do some kind of work for their soul's sake ; the harder the better for me. I dr j ad drifting back again to the idle existence which rules in the fashiohable world. Work, work is my salvation." Howe smiles. " I'm afraid the fashionable world would not bo pleased if it heard you, niv friend. It has used you very scurviij*, no doubt." " Wrong, sir J Try again," cried Vane, good humouredlv. "The world, fashionable or otherwise, uses a man neither better nor worse than he uses himself. Indeed, a grjat teacher has likened mankind to a looking gliss. Smile, and they give back a smile ; frown, and a frown is returned to you with interest. They left the valley and took up their abode at Tauranira, thirty miles distant, purchased what they required for the nonce in the way of clothing, then called in the aid of a solicitor to arrange their joint monetary affairs. Tauranga, on the Bay of Plenty, is one af the chief beauty spots in the whole of Macriland, and here the two friends spent gome weeks, shooting, fishing, and boating. It had appeared a mutual point between them that mention should not. foe made of parting. Hitherto, lack of money had been the strong link which bound Vane and Fenton Howe together. Now they were wealthy. Vane, at least, expected that his comrade would hasten his return home again, but Fenton Howe seemed in no hurry to depart. On a certain lovely night after dinner, and while the pair enjoyed their cigars, Temple Vane broke silence on the subject. " When do you intend going home, my dear Howe ?" he said. Dear Howe takes the cheroot from between his teeth and laughs. • 4 You want to be l id of me, Vane V he answers, presently, with ju3t the ghost reproach in his voice. ''I, not so; only you have nothing now to detain you in New Zealand." *' Haven't I, though. Do you forget we promised Te Hunna, the friendly chief, to pig hunt with him on Thursday on the pangea : besides, I have really something to do are I leave this land of peaks and •waojp*, joj dm T*ao, H ^ A*\, going to take some Maori curio« to your friends in Yorkshire, I suppose," with a sigh. '•Perhaps." responded Howe, after a pause. " By the way, did I ever mention t-- you having brought with me a couple of letters of introduction to one or two families hereabouts when I arrived from England ?" "No. I am not aware of it." " We'll, such is the fact mon ami; only I confess I felt somewhat constrained to present them while — while—" " While you were poor, eh ?" suggests Vane. " Just so. I could not go en deshabile to the people whose nimes I have mentioned." " You have not mentioned any names vet.,"' cries Vane, interrupting. " True, old fellow. L"t me see," and Howe fumbles in the recesses of his pucket book, and draws forth t.wo very tatrered missives. " You have heard of Mijor Weldon, of I'inefalls," he siys. Temple Vane stares, and his face becomes very grave as he replies in a low tone, " yes, I have heard the name. Tiie Major is t^ie owinr of Pinefalls Station, I believe." "Exactly. Te Hunna tells me that, the homestead is not more than a day's ride from Tonga's Peak yonder, and that Pinefalls is a lovely place, and well worth a visit." Vane does not reply immediately, but sit3 puffing at his cigar and staring away seaward, for it is a moonlight night par excellence, the soft clear canopy overhead na clenr almost as day. " Who are your friends mentioned in the other letter, Howe ?" he asks, presently. " Major General Sir Goor<re Asliford, of Glencourt" on the Pa tea River. The estate almost adjoins "Pinefalls,'' and there IK a —" Fenton Howe breaks off suddenly, for he sees an awful pallor come quickly into the face of his friend. "Vane, you are ill ? What is it, dear friend V' he cries, rising. " It is nothing," mutters Vane, tossing his cigar away. "I am not much of a smoker, and that weed is a very b:id one, that's all. You were saying—" " Look here, Vane," saya the young Englishman, abruptly, laying his hand on the other's arm, and which causes his friend to look attentively at him. "See here, old fellow, we have suffered much together, you and I, and I feel I have some right to know what makes you so moodly betimes without any apparent cause. Jounot you trust me ? I am a gentleman, and, moreover, I do not request you to confide in me, out of mere idle curiosity. I must remind you that you saved my life, and 1 am longing to pay my debt with interest." Temple Vane laughs. *' My dear Howe, you are full of crochets to-night. Believe me, there's nothing the matter beyond a fit of indigestion. Melancholy usually marks me for her own, after dinner. I feel I arc: not much of a companion for you a; any time, but I have done my best not to bore you altogether when theso fits are upon me. If, as you say I have done you a service, you can repay me by having compassion on an unfortunate dyspeptic by altogether ignoring his oddities." *' I will try, Vane," replies Howe, with an impatient gesture " But answer me one question—were you ever in doubt ?" " About whom ?"' " Any of your friends, for instance.*' "Make the question a personal one, and say Fenton Howe.' 1 " Very well. F?r example—say you had a doubt respecting Fenton Howe— that lie was not what he seemed—a scoundrel for instance, or may be somethins: worse." " It is not possible I could fancy my friend a scoundrel." " Bat if you had a tormenting doubt that he was ?" cries the other in persistent tones. Temple Vane turns his pale face towards the speaker with a shade of surprise in his grave eyes. " Doubt has slain some of the noblest of mankind," he s iys, softly. " The glorious intellect of the immortal Shakespeare gathered all the forces of its potent power to create a Desdemona. Why? To show that doubt in the person of the noble Moor, cruelly murdered her. Doubt is one of the most terrible weapons in ihe armory of the principle of evil. It doi s not kill in fair and open conduct, but crawls like a midnight thief to its victim. Had I a doubt respecting my friend, his actions should be both judge and jury, and he should btand or fall on these alone with me." "You are right, Vane, give me your hand," and Fenton Howe's eyes are moist with emotion. Tnat night Vane lay awake tormented with troubled thoughts, but the young Englishman slept well, and dreamed of the pig hunt on the morrow. CHAPTER HI. A PIG HUNT. The native settlement of Maketu, on the Bay of Plenty, Tauranga, consisted of about fifty wharves, the walls and the roof bein? built of a thick substance called Ki Ki, which is manufactured from the native flax, and is impervious to the fierce and constant winter rains. These huts are scattered over a fine patch of clearing about three hundred acres in extent, and sheltered by the Tonga Peak Mountain. The place swarmed with dogs of almost every kind of mongrel: and the pack came barking and snarling round the heels of our two friends, Howe and Vane, as they made their way through the village the morning following the events of our last chapter. Te Hunna, the Maori chieftain, came forth to meet them, clad in his hunting toga of brown mica flax, his head adorned with a large toho feather. The Maori was surrounded by twenty of his warriors, all ready armed for the fray. Tauranga swarins with wild pigs, and a pig hunt is a favorite pastime with the Maori when he is not at war with his neighbors or the Pakehas. The native uses neither horse nor hound •n this pastime ; indeed, the rocky country where the porkers are mostly found, will not admit of it. All that is required are sound lungs and a swift pair of heels. After partaking of tha chiefs hospitality. which was not much to the taste-i of the young men, the partv, with several dogs, headed for Tonga Teak, where game was to be had in plenty. Temple Vane and hiB companion were both armed with a double-barrelled rifle and most of the Maories carried fowlm.' pieces. It. proved no child's play toilin^ up the st ep side of the mountain, where there was noregu'ar path, save that made by the Maories with their tomahawks. Close on noon the parly emerged upon a pa'ch of thick scrub, and here the chief called a halt. Dividing his men into two divisions the Maori dispatched one part to the eastward, and turning to Vane and Howe ne pointed out a clump of gigantic kauri pines, snd g»rt irori to advance, I As we drew near the spot indicated the country surrounding became broken and irregular. Hugh kauri pine trees, some rising to a heigth of one hundred and sixty feet, grew almost side by side, with bhic'k coils of the New Zealand crecper— supple jack—curled and entwined about their broad trunks and branches, and descending thence to the ground again like ropes dangling from the spars of a stranded ship. At length they entered a flat space where the undergrowth was very rank and luxuriant. Here the chief halted, and diroctcd our two friends to accompany two of his men to a spot lower down. One of the warriors could speak a little English. *• You know how to catch pig T' said he to Howe. " No ; I have never take ; i par* in a pig hunt before." " Ah, Pakeha soon see." He dived suddenly into a thick copse of forns. and laying down upon his face, began making a succession of grunts and squeaks so imitatively true to the noises made by the porcine species that Vane instantly brought his gun to his shoulder for a shot. Tiie Maori laughed a queer noiseless laugh at the Pakeha's mis a.kc, and again repeated the sound*. " Pig, him sly fellow ; smell Pakeha," said the savage, with a grin. u Maori mor°, sly than pig. Him no like Maori, not a little bit. Maori fond of pig." AndJie laughed again, but no sound followed.^ "Vane and Howe crouched down beside their swarthy companions for some time, when gradually they became cognisant of a low rustling sound some distance away. The Maori ceased his mimicry, and looked up with an intelligent glance. Presently the sounds grew nearer, accompanied by hoarse grunts, and immediately five or six full grown pigs, headed by a fierce-looking boar with long projecting tusks, came bjunding forth, and..breaking cover a 1 ; the sight of the hunters, fled swiftly out into the more open bush land, and in alme almost with the chief and his men. Here one of the dogs broke from the party, and the frightened pigs, catching sight of him, wheeled half round, and scampered away in another direction. Tally-ho! The chase began. Pakehas, Maories, and dog? were in full cry. Over fallen logs, and over deep creeks and gullies went the game, screaming with rage and fright. Tii£ dogs, with gaping mouths, stretched tlrbmselves out after their prey ; while the Maories, in frantic delight, leaped high in the air, uttering their terrible bat'le cry, their features distorted, and clearing space with their tomahawks at every boupd. Tally-ho ! over boulders, massive ar.d fantastic in shape, and standing like huge giants to bar the pursuers course ; over sharp jutting rocks and across deep chasms, where one false step would have been sudden death, Maori and Pakeha running and shouting, yelling and laughing, their breath going and coming in short gasps, each is striving who shall be first in the exciting race. Tally-ho ! through swamps and bog wein.fc the grunters for dear life, their long snouts covered with foam, their hair bristling like quills upon the fretful porcupine. The swiftest dog was within a few feet of the Hnderinost porker when the boar turned at bay, and with one sweep of his sharp tusks inflicted a wound which totally disabled the poor brute. Onward yet ! The chase is now going at a slower rate, and the dogs are fast gaining on their pray. Te Hunna is leading the van, and seems to have plenty of "Btay " in him yet; Vane is next, struggling like a second Deerfoot for the lead ; Howe is half a mile away in the rear, puffing and blowing like a whale, and gesticulating like a madman. Tally-ho! A Miori pig hunt is a fine tiling to teat the soundness of one's lungs. At the bottom of a d^ep ravine the pigs were run down, and the final struggle between tbem and the dogs took place. One courageous brute, a large dingo, seized the boar by the throat, and in spite of several wounds held on to his prey until Te Hunna came up, who, with one blow of his keen tomahaw k, split the boar's skull in twain. Another dog caught a porker by the ear, and there held him until he was secured and finally despatched by one of the Maories. A fine plump pig tried to hide itself behind a mass of rock that opened out to the hill above, but Temple Vane brought him down with a clever shot that won the goodwill of the chieftain. After the pigs had been despatched the Maories bled and dragged them to the creek close by, where they were thoroughly cleansed. The butchering then began, and Ilowe noticed the Maories carefully examined the liver of each pig. He enquired the cause, and was informed that a filthy disease is prevalent among the wild pigs of the "Northern Island, and that the only way of detecting those diseased is by sundry white spots over the surface of the liver. A great crowd awaited us at the Maori village on our return with the game. Te Hunna insisted on Vane and his companion dining with him off the spoil, and remaining with him at the Ha pit, that night. To give the dinner more tone the chieftain sent an invitation to the missionary of the place—Hasker Bell— who joined the party forthwith, together with his assistant, Burke Brady by name, and the smallest, yet, withal, the merriest and most antic sprite for an adult in the colony. His brogue was most refreshing, and his storiea both original and laugh • able in the extreme. This comical little joker kept the com- pany iti excellent humor until the small hours of morning, and \phen it was day he proposed to show oqr friends the Hot Springs in the vicinity, The offer was accepted by our two friends, who, after Uiey had indulged in the luxury of a plunge into the river and had breakfasted, started off to Orak Hipi on foot, accompanied by Burke Brady, who acted as guide, together with Mr Bel! and Te Hunna. A dense fog lay upon the Waikato as they started ; they had several miles to walk, but before they had completed their journey the thick mist had vanished beneath the beams of the sun, and now, what a sight. In swift course, forming rapids after rapids, Ihe Waibalo was plunging through a deep valley between steep rising mountains ; its floods, whirling and foaming round two small rocky islands i" the middle of the river, were dashing with a lot.d uproar through the defile of the valley. Along its banks white clouds of s'eam were ascending from hot cascades falling into the river, and from basins full of boiling water shut in by a « hite mass of stone. Yonder a steaming fountain was rising and fulling ; now th> re sprang from unjther place a second fouutiiiu ; this also ceased in its turn ; tuen two commenced playing simultaneously, one low at the river bank, and the other opposite upo» ft terwe. And thus the play continued with endless changes, as though experiments were being made with grand waterworks to see whether the waterfalls had a sufficient supply. Howe began to count the places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where a cloud of steam indicated the existence of such, but they became so intermingled within his vision that, he was unable to survey them accurately. The region of springs extends along the river a distauce of about a mile on both bank*, the larger portion of them being situated uoon the right bank. It is, however, difficult of access, since the rapid stream cannot be passed close by the springs themselves, but only far above or below, and then it would be necessary fo climb along the steep sloping river banks, covered with dense undergrowth, •where the traveller, upon a soil totally noftened by hot vapours, would be evcy moment in danger of sinking into boiling mud. The party were obliged to content themselves with a closer inspection of the springs situated on the left river bank. Tiie largest is called by the natives Puia- Te-Muui, and is close by the bank of the river. The manner in whizli th;y practically experienced the intermittent properties of this fountain proves sufficiently how much caution is necessary in approaching such springs for the first time. Burke Brady, disdaining the warning of Mr Bell, and wishing to er.joy the luxury of a bath, plunged into the stream, when suddenly loud detonations were heard, and they saw the water madly boiling up in a basin close by. Brady started back again in terror, and gained the bank just in time to escape a shower bath of boiling water, for now, amid hissing and roaring, a steaming water column was being ejected from the basin in a slanting direction, and to the height of about twenty feet* When the shower had subsided we "stepped up to the basin and found it empty, and were able to look down to a depth of eight feet into a funnel shaped, gradually contracting aperture, from which steam escaped with a hissing noise. Gradually the water rose again, and after the lap-e of a few minutes the second eruption took place. Orakhini proved very interesting to them, apart from the many material curios in its neighborhood. Through the influence of Mr Bell and Te Hunna, they^ had.an opportunity of witnessing th»> Maories at work, making rugs and .qiafy. The flax plant grows most abundaoHy in every part of the Waikato. To the native it has proved the most neaful plant in the whole vegetable kingdom, both socially and pecuniarly ; from it the Maori builds and ornaments his wliare, manufactures his clothing, and.it is also one of the best paying commodities of barter between him and his Pakeha brother. I^s growth is very rapid, the stalk shooting to a height of ten to twelve feet, the apex being crowned by pale yellow blossom, which has a pretty appearance while in flower. In a valley to the rear of the settlement we found the Maories employed on a plantation of flax. He.'e were a dozen dark forms of both sexes squatting in a clnster cutting down the broad blades ; others were conveying it in bundles to a third party seated on the bank of the river ; the latter were engaged splitting the leaf and stripping ofl't le inner fibre with mussel shells—a ratiier peculiar and dexterously managed process, almost impossible for any but the Maories themselves to execute with success. The fibre produced from the leaf is white in color, and is remarkably s >ft and silk-like to the touch. Burke Brady took a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child ; he cut it acro?3, and then stripped off the inner fibre by merely pressing the end of his thumb along it. The missionary informed them that the soft substance thus produced is called muka, and when dried and assorted is used in making the most luxurious mats and native apparel. " But. you shall see them at work in the Kutaka wiiare,"'said he, leading the way to a long shed situated on the rising ground above the 11 ix bush. This building was olo-e upon a hundred feet long, with a corresponding width, and contained about fifty native women and girls in groups of five and six, busily employed in the various stages of rugmaking. Here wsre a group platting the porera, a very common mat, only U3ed a< fli>orcloth. The material used was composed of unscraped flax split into narrow bauds and closely woven together. When finished it presented a glossy straw-like appearance. Trey also make the whole paraphernalia of plates and dishes in use at the Hapu out of the same substance. The next party were eng aged on the koro. This was manufactured with scraped flax, the machine used for tiie process somewhat resembling a harp After it came from this rude appliance the mat was ornamented with various dyed tags. The dyes of different colors are obtained with little trouble from the bark of trees in the vicinity. "The rug mat most valued by the Maories," said the missionary, "'is the Kaila." This is woven of the very finest white muca, and is not sullied by any tag or ornament, except a border about a foot in width of a different color. The border i3 black as a rule, except when the sets of parallel zigzag lines and the spaces between them .ire left white, thus forming a beautiful article. Speaking a few words in the Maori language to a grev-headed old chief who accompanied them, Mr Beli conducted them bo a tier of shelves, screened by thick mats, at the other end of the whare. Here were piled up costly rugs ar.d dresses, fancy articles in matting, and a host of brilliant colored trifles intended for the Auckland market. The chief unfolded one splendid rug that especially attracted their attemion. It was as large as one of our railway wrappers, dyed black, and \yith a, soft velvst like shade, it3 only ornament a white circle in the centre, about the siz ? of a dinner plate. Howe held it in his hands admiring its beauty, when Brady, who was standing at his side, seized hold of it. and throwing it over his puny form, strode majestically up and down the shed like a stage king. The Maories, as a rule, rarely indulge in laughter, but t.he antics of this lively comrade set them chuckling from left to right. " Arrah ! wouldn't I make a purty monarch, wid a tbrun-! of gold to sit on, and a togay like this about me, an' all the natives of the Waikato for my subjects, for by the whole of those hussies here for my wives, eh V" exclaimed Brady, with a broad grin wrinkling his rough face from brow to chin, and strutting to and fro after the maimer of a peacock with outspread 1 ail. Mr Bell tried to look grave, but couldn't inaniige it, and so fell to laughing until he was almost convulsed. "Troth, I'd be a merry king, ma bonchal !" continued Brady, with just the glioit of pent up roguery gleaming from his eyes. I'd bundle some of them spilpeens away down t.o the city of Auckland fura canoe fuil of whisky, an' tiie fusf blackguard that gave in before he emptied the third bottle, begorra I'd sentence him to marry the ugliest ould hyena about the X9 BE COKTCJUJEP, MH 8 JCOPrCIOHT.J 