. AX ENIGMA' INDEED. '."WAS IT TilB BABY'S GUOST ? \- Iii " Good Words " ..Sir "WV- Canton publishes a very remarkable article made up of extracts from letters of a friend now dead. This friend lost 'his first .child when she was six weeks old, "just before the death of liis : first wife. ?: 'He . married again and had another little daughter,' who lived to be three years and then died. Tlit»curious thinir about this child was that she always insisted that slie had- u little baby as a plaything. Her father wrote: Lately she lias fcikon to nursing an in visible "iecle gaal" (little girl) whom slio wheels nbout in her toy perambulator, puts carefully to bed, and generally makes much of. This is-" Xourn iccle baby, pappa, old man ! " if you please.: . When I sit down this accession to the.! family is manifest to her on my right knee; and she sits on myleftand calls it .' a " nice lovely iccle thing." "When she goes' to bed, and when she has been tucked iii she makes place for '' vourn iccle baby,'' which, of course, I have-to givo lier with, due care. It is very odd to see her put lier hands together for it, palms ' up-' 'ward, and to bear her assurance,' " I not let lier fall. l>appa." : _ u' <V. At first they did not think . much of this fancy of hers; but her -persistence F in the reality of this child miide some iui-: pression upon their minds, i as i will' be? seen by the following cxtract-; but it was not until the little girl herself died:that the father saw the spirit fonn of his first-1 bom lying by the side of his . dyiug daughter:- . . " I told you about-lier invisible play mate. Both IT. [his .wife] and : I'i have been wondering whether the child is only what is called making-believe, or whetlier she really sees anything.*^- ?: :i: . " If I rest, my foot on niv right kiiee to unlace my boot, she pulls my foot - away; -' Pappa, you put voum foot. on you'rn: icclebaby.' She won't sit on."hiy right knee at all until I have pretendedv to transfer the playmate to the other." ; r - ' " My poor darling is dead! I hardly know whether I am myself alive. Half of 1 my individuality has leffcme. I do, .not know myself. ..*..,.? " Can you believe this?" I'cannot; and yetl saw it.. . A little while' before' she died 1 heardlier speaking in an almost j inaudible whisper. I kiielt .'dowu and leaned over her. She looked curiously at me and .said faintly, ' Pappa, I'liofc .let. her fall.' ' "Who dearie ?' . .' Yourri iccle: baby. I gotten her. in here." She moved her wasted little hand as if to lift a fold, of the bed-clothes. I raised thcin geiitly for her, and she smiled like her old self. How cau l tell the rest ? " Close besideher lay.that, other little one, with its white ; worn, face and , its poor arms crossed in that old-womanish fashion in front of her. Its large, suffer ing eves looked for a .moment into .mine, and then my head seemed filled with.mist and my ears buzzed. , : " 1 a-tic that. It was not hallucination. It wits there.. ... "Just think what it meaus: if that actually happened. Think what must, have been going on in the past., and ;1 never knew. I. remember, now, she never called it.' mamuia's;buby; *. it . was, always .'yourri.' Think of the, ? future now that they are both-what ? Gone V.. "If itaetually happened I saw it. I ani 'saue, strong, in sound health. I saw itr-saw it-do ycii understandAnd yet how incredible it is !. . Incredible . indeed most.: people,, -will tliink it Jmt the effect of .that weird vision seeius to have been very blessed to liim. -" Eeview of Eeviewa." ; ; V The Kvupp family is considered to bave . attained tlio dignity of a dynasty. AVheii Prince Napoleon visited the works at ? Essen, lie exclaimed : ? ''Why, this . is a - state within u state !As a matter- of - fact, tho'present head of the house - has t; under his orders more subjects' than the! Prince of Schaumburg-IapiMV who. married Princess Victoria, the . sister of : the Emperor "William. Seventy- four thousand human-; beings- recognise the? sway of one mail, their master; andr.the descendant of the founder of tlio works. , The Emperor of Russia's, fear: of nibi-; lists does nt>t appar to aft'ect liis appetite.' At breakfast., tea, eggs, bam,- and-, beet must, lie placed 011 . bis stable. - At luncbeoii,: which is eaten at eleven o'eock, the Czar takes bouillon.,\ with:., eggs,.-' mutton-cbops, and cold game., 1. At . two o'clock, he eats' a dish of milk aud rice. Dinner, served at six.o'clock. is .a, hearty meal, after the. French pattern. Before going tombed; be. stills the pangs of bun-; gerwith tea or coffee. ; : s A " dealer in art " in Great Britain . is ~ advertising portraits of the queen.' . done in 'colors, f*>r half a crown and five shillings apiece, and sending to his dupes postage-stamps,which are"' -printed -with' the queen's bead. It is thought lie nvjy not lie within reach of the law, ' as tin; ? stamps fill'tlic description. - An earlier genius sold pennies at a crown apiece* advertising them as " bi-onze medallionfe, with portrait uf the .sovereign in rcliej." A 