l.h& Shadow., IIike.tbe location," said Miss i Patty tocklind. " Delicious sea air, fine .lew and a bathing house atiaohed to the premise.. To bo euro, .the bouse is small, but then the rent is proportionately low. The furniture is old- fashioned and scanty, -but that makes no very great difference to mo. I can easily hire, what I. went from Sibbeaport. Girls, ' what'do' you think?" Lucy Barr, Ulss Lochland's oldest niece, hesitated a little. - . " Isn't it rather dull, Aunt Patty t" ' " Can't expect high carnival in the country, my dear. We came here for Dotty's health, not for society." Dotty .heruelf— "short " for Dorothy- clang close to Patty's arm. " Don't yon think the sea makes- an awful roaring, Aunt Patty (" whispered she. ''It's the nature of the sea', my dear. Here, you. fellow with the key," to a stunted, atout-bniltman who was attending the party over the premises, ." you may tell the agent I'll take tin place for one year." "Well,. ma'am, just as you please," said Milo Penney, twisting his head mysteriously t around. " But it ain't every one as would i care to. take. Shore Cottage." " Why not?" sharply demanded Misa Lookland, . Bcnney . twisted his head still more solemnly,. . . . . . " I'm a poor, sea-faring man, ms'nm, with my llvin' to get.1-' .aid ho, ."and it ain't for me to be a-runniri' down the. folk's property." But the truth is the truth, and I ain't oue.to see folks imposed upon. No, that I ain't." "Man.nlive I why don't you speak out and have done with it?" said Hiss Lookland. " What ails the, property f Collar damp ?" , "No'm. 'Taint that." " Eoof leaky ?" ' Pretty tol'able sound, so far's I know," grunted Kenhoy. " Then what is there against the house ?" " Haunted, ma'am I" said the sailor, dropping "his voice to a sopalobral ca dence. . " Fiddlestloks I" shrieked Miss Lockiand. " Do you you take me for a baby or nursery maid?" '"Every pne'll tell you the same story, ma'am," doggedly persisted Hilo, " Ths ' man as built the cottage had two wives, savin' the :young ' ladies' presence, ma'am. One of 'em he kept here, and 't other lived in great style in the city; . And the one as lived here died awful sudden. "Folks say she was poisoned. They buried her down in the cemetery beyond them evergreens — and she walks every moonlight.night." " Walks, does she ?" said Ulss Lockiand. " I'll make her walk livelier 'than ever she did before if I come across one of her prome nades." "Ah. but "you never saw a ghost ma'am." » 'Did you?" demanded Miss Lookland, turning sharply upon him. " Many a time, ma'am, at the full of the moon, when I've been coming in with my fishing, smack, fluttcrin' past the empty windows, ma'am, till it has made my blood run cold." "Then you haven't' the common sense I gave you credit for," said Miss Lockiand. " And I ain't the only one as" has seen the White Shadow, ma'am. There's old Ned Stapleton, ma'hm — " "There, there," said Miss Lockiand, im peratively silencing him. " My girls' eyes are twice thoir regulation size already. Tell the agent exactly what I said— that I'll take 6bore Oottage'for a year. As for the ghosts, they turn out when I turn in, or I'll know \- the reason why. And there's one indisput able advantage in ghosts— they make rent choap." And accordingly, just one week from, that bright September afternoon, Miss Patty Lockiand sat knitting by the twilighc fire in the low, ceiled -drawing-room of Shore Cot tage, whose windows looked out upon the trembling waves, with a red orescent moon banging low <ln the horizon. " ' "This is what I call snug," said Miss Patty, as Nora' ttie' red-armed' mald-of-Sll-wbtk, btought in the tea-tray." " Do yon think so, aunt?" said Dottle, shivering a little. " What a strange noise that is I I'm sure some one is tapping at the window." " It's only the trails of ivy growing around that north casement, my dear," said Aunt Patty, calmiy. ."I must trim it to-morrow i a little. It's picturesque, but inconveni- i' ent." . . "Please, ma'am," said Norn, edging up ! closer to the ' table and the firelight, " is it | true about the ghosts ?" ' " " It's only a pack of nonsense, Nora," said Miss Lockiand, "and you're a goose for listen-, ing to it," " But that was dreadful noises about the place last night, mem," persisted Nora. "Shutters creaking and- old Benny's dogs barking — that's all," said Miss Lock- ! luliu. I " Aunt Patty," cried Lucy, " what is thai j white thing down under the hill ? It looks like an arm beckoning I" " Hist, my dear, rising out of the valley." " No, but the other white - thing. Look I look I it's moving 1" Nora uttered an eldritch howl and got behind her mistress. Lucy and Dottle clung ' close together. " You geese 1" cried Aunt Patty, with a contagious peel of laughter, " Vs old Benny's white cow coming home to' be ( milked. Look for -yourselves if you don't believe it." " Be the bones of tho howly St, Patrick, it's that and notbin' morel" said Nora, And she went back to her kitchen with re newed courage, while Lucy and Dotty con fessed how foolishly credulouB they bad been. - U "Of course Ibey are ho such things as real ghosts," said Lucy. " But a person can't help being nervous," . mid Dotty. " You'' never would have tboujght of the ' thing if it hadn't been for old Benney," said Aunt Patty. " I wish he had field his ridicu- ' loriq tongue !"' . But in the. middle of the night Aunt Patty herself was roused' by a sound that was neither oreaking shutters, tapping ivy nor mice scuttling across the floor before the rush of some'avanging cat. "It's just like an iyoh ebain 'rattling in the 'hall beyond," aid Aunt Patty, sitting up in bed, 'and turn- ing'baok the frill of her night crp from her ear, In order that she might the better listen; ; " There it goes 'again. I must look into this /business." - - \ ' To' spring out of bed and light her night- 'lamp was the work of but ono second— to wrap herself in the folds of a voluminous gray flannel dressing-gown was another, and Hiss Lockiand bounced out into the hall, As she opened the door the draught blew out the light but' by the starlight she could tee, at the pother end of (the entry, a tail, white figure slowly advancing toward '' her. ': - , "Who are you?" yalorously demanded Aunt Patty. ;' And a dismal groan replied. ' " What kind'of ah answer is that?" cried AuntPatty. ' But'only a second groan could she elicit. " Come I" said Aunt Patty, " I mjan to be ot the bottom of this thing." / ' And instead of retreating in a paroxysm of blind terror, as the sepulchral visitant eyi- fsutlyexpectsd she. would do,"" the resolute ' i,»i liter marched straight up to it, seized it h'y the shoulders, and shook it till its teeth rattled'in its head equal to the Iron chain. ' " Don't e-'epnowi I Let a fellow alone I" : roared- the ghost, in Tain -endeavoring to : - wriggle out of Miss Patty's iron grasp. " i'know you," said Miss Fatty, knocking off-ihe white wig with a deft motion of her leftolbow. -I" I've seen that .red shock of hair before ! You're MUo- Benney'a. eldest ' ' ; " Not until you tell me what all this ihaa . nueradlng nonsense is for." ' -V. ' , .'-it was dad," reluctantly confeued the , /boy. " He made me i He didn't want toe ( i Shore Cottage to be let." ''V\"Andwhy not? Ho— you "needn't sqpirm'. . sbout-you can't ect away, "WhynptJ I sayj unless yon pretdr answering befSi's a magistrate." " Because, whined tho boy, "the cellar waa handy to store away the whisky and tobacco the Lively Nancy brought every three weeks. And dad he bos a part share in the amug- glin' business, and the ghost whs ths only thing to keep the folks away. Now, -coma i Lerume go, Isay 1" " Yes, I'll let you go for to sight," said. AuntPatty, "But this isn't the. end of the affair, by any moans." "You wouldn't be so hard on -poor folks, as to oomplain on us I" cried the boy. Dsd'll - most murder mo." " 1'lf do precisely as I please," said Miss Lookland. The next day she walked down to Milo Benney's fishing-cabin, and had a long talk with him— the upshot of this was the ghost of Shore Cottage was finally exorcised; No more mysterious sights and sounds disturbed the dwellers beneath its penceful roof. Even Norn began to go up and -.down tho lone entries at twilight without a lamp, and Dotty's roses came back ones more, while Lucy laughed at bar former fear. But Aunt Lockiand and Milo Benney kept their scoret. The smuggling business had come to an nn. timely end, and the white shadow- had van ished forever more. 