"LAPEUR." Translated Fnoii the Fbenoh op Gur di Maupassant.) Note.— The death, suporvening on tno mo noss, of Guy do Maupassant is a distinct loss the world of lltorature, ond closes a compare tively brief, though undoubtedly bid'1 Jr career. Tho following story, or psjxeoiOK , Btudy, is a translation from tho Frenon tno ueooaseu uutrauur. is 14 years ago, at the beginning of Guy do tl passant's literary oareer, ond soon after no completed his studies under FJnubort. « , oharnoterlstio and powerful Bpooimen oi work of tho talented author of Une Fie, has, I believe, never before been publish the English language. Additional inter imported to the Story owing to the fas the author dosoribed and nnalysod th riblo affliction reaulting from overtaxed boforo be fell a victim to it. Ho has ' n((j plained in the following story the natu 7»AU Rights Reserved. m Mining of Peur- F'10 tranBlat'.n. of !f„ word is "fear," but it means somothing Hint-something nil posaossing, unaccoun table, awful. It is, indocd, a mind disease, a WWeystooToTtlio bridgo again after dinnor, n.fora us waB'tho Mediterranean, without a Mirer on its surface, lit by a great calm moon, "rhe huge steamer glided on, spirting into the .ire— which seemed sown with stars— a long Sent of black smoke. Behind us the water- whiter than death-displaced by tho rapid movo- ment of tho immense hull, and thrashed by tho Sw, foamed and struggled, absorbing so much brilllanco that ouo might havo believed that tho moonlight boiled# We were standing there, six or eight of us, silent, impressed, our oycB turned towards the distant coast of Africa, for whioh wo wero bound. The captain, who was smoking a oignr jn tho midst of us, suddenly resumed the con- versntion of the dinnor table. "Yos," Bnid ho, "I really was frightened that day. My vessel stuok fast for six hours with a rook in bor stomnob, beaton by tho waves. Fortunately we wero rescued towards evening by an English collior, who sighted MThen a tall man, thin, with a grave air— ono of thoso men whom ono feels has travelled in unknown lands amidst constant perils, and whoBe oalm oyes seem to retain in thoir depths something of tho strange wonders thoy havo seen— ono of thoso men whom ono thinks of ob steeped in oouroge— spolte for tho first time. "You said, captain, that you woro frightened. I don't bollove a word of it. You deeeivo yourBolf over tho word and over tho feeling that you havo oxporionoed. An energetio man has no four in the faoo of immedinte danger. Ho is agitatod, disturbed, anxious; but fear— that is another thing." Tho captain ropliod, laughing, " I insist that I was scared." ...... ' , , . Then tho man with the bronzed oomplexion Slid iu a low voice :— "Allow mo to oxplaln. La peur— and tho hardiest man can have la peur— is somothing liorrihio— a fearful Bonsation, like the decay of tho soul ; a frightful spasm of mind and heart, tho memory of whioh only brings shudders of anguish. But it has no power when ono is brave, nor boforo an attack on tho onemy, nor before certain death, nor beforo any familiar forms of danger. It lias power only in abnormal circumstances, . under pcouliar mysterious in fluences, in the presonoo of vague risks. The truo peur is something like a romombranco of fnntastio terrors of other days. A man who believes in returns from tho tomb, and who imagines he sees a ghost in the night, he onght to suffer all the unspeakable horrors of la i— I have met la peur in open day, about i.0 years ago. I also knew what it was last winter, en a night in December, and this, in spito of tho fact that I havo runsoores of risks, havo had many adventures whioh looked fatal. I havo been attaoked often ; I have boon loft for dead by thieves ; I have been condemned, liko a mur derer, to be hanged, in Amerioa ; and thrown into the sea from the bridge of a steamer off tho coast of Chins. Each timo I believed myself lost, and on oaoh osoapo I immediately took my loavo without any emotion and oven without regret. "Bat la peur — this is not that. I bad a touch of it in Africa. With the Orientals life counts for nothing ; it is laid down at onee. Their nightB are bright and ompty of meaning ; their souls aro equally destitute of those dark forebodings whioh haunt tho brain in eold countries. In tho east ono oan feel panio, but not fear. However, this is what happened to mo on African soil : — "I was crossing tho great plains south of Ouargla. That is one of tho strangest countries in tho world. You know the stretches of sand right along the interminable chores of the ocean? Woll, imagine tho ocean .itself to bo nothing but sand, and yourself in tho midst of a hurrienno. Imagine a silent tempest of noiseless, yellow dust, high as moun tains ; vast exorosoenoes, irregular upheavals — just immense wavos, hut larger and streaked liko silk. On this terrible sea, always silent, always motionless, the hungry southern sun turns liis pitiless, unwavoring flame. One must olamber across those sheets of burning gold — olamber without stopping, without rost, without shade. Horses faint ; sink on thoir kness and slip help lessly down the slopes of theso deceitful hills. "Thoro wore my friend and I, eight spahis and four camels, with their drivers. Wo said no thing, overwhelmed as wo woro by heat, fatigue, and as dry with thirst as the desort itsolf. Sud denly one of the men uttored a sharp cry. We all stopped, We stood motionloss, astonished at an unexplainable phenomenon, known only to travellers in this hidden oountry. Somowlicro near us, but in which direction wo could not soy, wo heard tho boating of a drum — tho myatorious drum of the Sahara. Wo hoard it distinctly, sometimes loud, sometimes soft, now stopping, then oontinuing its fsntnstio roll. The startled Arabs looked at eaoh other. Then one broke tho silenoo and said, in his own tongue, 'Doath is upon us.' 'Then it wob that my companion, my friend, almost my brother, foil headlong from his liorso killed by a sunstroke. "Fortwo long hours, whilel wastry ing in vain to revive him, tho dram eontinued to 611 my ear with its monotonous beats, ocaseloss and meaningless. I felt tho fear gliding into my ? , 10 'ruc> hideous fear— in tho presence or this dear corpso lying in this hole, burned by tho sun between four hills of sand, whilst tho mysterious colio rconliod to us, 200 leagues ns tho vilfagd"1 Ur k'n" rapid beating of tyyj know what it was to bo afraid. I understood it yet another timo." ... . -i l0.?. . ®ffioer intorrilpted : "Excuse mo, sir, but this drum ; what was it!" _, l'e I'avoller replied, "I oan toll you nothing nooutit. Nobody knows, Soldiers, ofton sur- £!?» ,,by. singular noiso, attribute it genorally to the echo, intensified and multiplied ny the hollows of the hills, of a sliowor of grains t sand whirled by the wind against tufts til-i ii beoaueo it has been notjood in , .Phenomenon always takes plaoo >nn M i1! , plants sooroked by tho nnf hard as parohment. The dram then is Sniln " (aur?1,1'11?"i0n ' 'hat is olear. But I don't ftpnnr. l it all fcbo samo. . . Now for my second experionoo of la peur. enni If ri"8 winter, in a forest in the north- , Franoc. Night came on two lioure too treon m rS i tlu> "y hoing hidden by the «,i.„ _ i, . ? peasant for my guide, tinti. !! , hy my side along n narrow '"dor a roof of firs from whioh tho savago nn..u , '011B moauB. Between tho tops I mnnTi?06!8 !rm Mown oiouds— distracted clouds W ' Ay from something terrible. Now u" Pnflr a tremendous gust, tho wbolo ln.ni L ,w tt sroan of agony, and tho oold thiok olothinner' S>" quiok stops and lrnnn8 w,orB ®'ug to sup and sleep with a game- thero tou t U' WBS no' ftr " wtts S'ng murnmrod n0W an< "en raised his oyeB and Sod times I' aim...?, 'o told me of the people we wore PPreaebing. The father had killed a poaaher two years previously, and since that timo had bcoomo gloomy and despondent, as though oppressed by tho memory of his crime. His two married sons lived with him. " Tho shadows of tho vast forest impenetrable. I could sco nothing before mo, nor on either side. li Mojiohos of tho trees clashed against eaoh 'her, filling tho night with continual laments. At last I aaught sight of a light,- and soon my companion struck against a door. The sharp tones of a womau replied to our hail. Thon a man's voieo miked : " 'Who is it?' " My guide mentioned his name. We wore let in. The seono was unforgettable. A white haired old man, with madness in his cyo, waited for us in the middlo of tho kitohon, liis loaded gun ready in his hand, whilst two great followo armed with hatohets guarded the door. I oould just soo in a dark oornor of tho room two womon on thoir knees with their faces prcssod against tho wall. Wo said who wo wore. The old man replaced his gun against tlio wall and directed that my room suould bo prepared. Then he bluntly said to mo— You seo, air, I killed a man two years ago to-night. Last year lio return oil to rcproaoh mo. I expeot him again thiB evening.' " Thon ho added in a tono which oompollod mo to smile, 'Accordingly wo aro not entirely happy. " I reassured him as well as I oould, soeretly delighted to have plumped into tho household just in timo to witness so remarkable an instance of superstitious fear. I told ono or two Btories and succeeded in calming nearly ovory- body. " By tho hearth an old hound, deerepit nnd almost blind — ono of thoso dogs whioh aro liko people yon know — slept with his nose between his _ paws. OntBido tho enraged Btorm heat against tho cottage, and through a narrow slit — a kind of poopholo out near tho door— I oould see by tho glimmer of tho erost stars nnito n mass of trees blown down by the wind. " In Bpite of my oiforts I was conscious that a fierce terror had gripped thoso pooplo, for ovory timo I stopped spoaking it wob plain that they were listening for something with all their senses. Loth to take part in those idiotic fears I had just askod to be Bliown to my room when tho old man suddenly mado a leap on to his chair, seized his gnn afresh and, in a bewildered voieo, stammered — "'There ho is! There he is! I havo him 1' " The two women fell on their knees in the oornor again, burying thoir faoos ; and the sons took up thoir hatohets. I was making another attempt to quiat them when the dog awoko, and lifting his head, stretching his nook, and peer ing into tho firo with his faded eyes, uttered ono of thoso mournful howls whioh startle travellers at oven time in lonoly ploocs. "Wo all looked at him; ho remained motionless, reared on his foot as though in the Presence of an unseen power, and con- inucd to howl at somothing invisible), inexplicable ; but, without doubt, terrible, for all his bair stood on end. Tho old gamekeeper, whose face was livid, oried, 1 "Ho scents him; he scents him I He was there when I killed him.' " And tho two distraught women began, both of them, to howl with the dog. " In spito of myself a groat shudder passed bo tween my shoulders. Thcoxtraordinary behavior, the ghostly possession of the dog in this place, at this timo, was horrible to witness. For a whole hour tho animal moaned without moving ; he moaned and waited like one in the agony of a terrible dream, and la peur— la peur unmistak able—got possession of my frame. Foar of what? How do I know ? Bub it was foar, that's abso lutely ocrtain. "Wo remained motionless, deadly pale, in an attitudo of agonising suspense, with our cars keenly nlert for tho least sound, our heartB thumping and starting at the slightest noise. The dog sidled round tlio room smelling the walls and groaning. This boast was driving us crazy. So at last tho peasant, who bad guided me hither, suddenly flung himself on it in a sort of paroxysm of terror, and, wrenohing open a door leading to a littlo yard, threw tho animal outside vio lently. " Ho was qulot immediately ; while we were plunged into a silence oven more horrifying than boforo. Suddenly all of ub started. A being glided along the wsll nearest the forest. Thon it passed on to the door, whioh it seemed to rap with a faltoring hand. After that wo hoard and saw nothing for two long minutes, during whioh we were ns dead; Then itreturned, always graz ing the wall, and soratohed lightly as a ohild might with a nail. Then for a moment a head appeared against the glass of tho peephole— a white head, with large bright eyes liko those of a door. Presently a sound oame from itB mouth, en indistinct, plaintive murmur. " Thon a great noise filled the kitehen. Tho old keeper had fired. And immediately the young men flung themselves on the furniture, stopping up the peephole and barricading the doors with the table and sideboard. "And I ewear to you that in tho midst of all the uproar oaused by the report I awaited nothing. I had such an anguish of heart, soul and body that my sonsos swooned, almost died of fear. " Wo stood there till dawn, unable to move or speak a word. Wo dared not unbar the door until we saw through a craek betweon the boards a tiny ray of light. Thon wo went out. At tho foot of the wall, against tho door, the old hound lay, his jaw shattered by a bullet. It had gone olaan through his heart, gouging a holo under n palisade." Tho man with tho brown faoo was silent for a while. Then ho addod : — " That night, however, I ran no dangor. But I would rather endure again every hour in whioh I havo boon threatened by terrible perils than tho single minute of the shot at the hoarded head by tlio window." 