THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST IN THE CHAIR. ' tBi J* GalbrajthJ Author of the " Case oJLady Iintosttn. and other Short Stories," " The Spin ol the Coin," Ac. This story requires explanation. The explanation will -never be -given, beoause no one of the theories ol oerebnal ptesenre, ensotral illusion, or hvnbotin inflnnniw.; hv which people try to explain awfcythe inexpli cable, can get rid of the single fact ;thato, shortly afterS o'clock on a certain Friday after noon, 160 aane and teober nen saw, or thoaght they saw,' Curtis Yorke take' the chfir at a general meeting of theSan Saorada Mining Company, Limited, at which time, acoording to subsequent medical evidenee, he must have been deadfor several htrmrs. • For some time his friends had known that Yorke was going a little bit tdo fstet. While hatoly more than a boy, one brilliant hit had fained him a reputation in the oity far beyond is years, and at an age'when most men s*e expending their superfluous energy- on -the tennis-court or river he was finding brains for the working out of several big undertakings. Six years of unbroken' suooees taught him to believe his luok infallible; When that changed, as sooner or later it was bound to do, he-began; to lose oonfidenoe in himself. . Like many men who keep a level head in prosperity, he obold' not play a losing game; and for months* (fast anxiety and overwork had been telling steadily en his nerves. ' - u Moreover, he-was superstitions, and-though he made no profession of religion be retained' an odd belief in the Puritanical dogmas of hell fire and a personal deviL This in-some* measure accounts for what he said to Fielden four days before his tragic end, i; The directorate of the San Saorada Mining' Company bad bfeen holding an extraordinary meeting.1 A crisis was' impending, and things looked blaok for the Company, which was mo "bubblespeculation," but a sound and solid' oonoern, suffering from the effeota of a per sistent run of bad luck. -< , Now luck has more to do with the making or marring of -mines and men than - tne moralists would have us believe, and the luok of the San Saorada Mining Company had all along been execrable. Unexpected hitches had occurred inseoaring the title to the property. The contractors had seen fit to export the machinery reversely to the order in whioh it was required.. Delays had been caused by scarcity of water,' And when at last the returns promised to justify the small fortune -sunk" in the shaft the Yankee Manager, whose appointment had been baoked by flaming testimonials, demon strated his native 'cutenees by "dripping out" with $25,000 of the Company'e money. His place was filled by an Englishman in every way qualified for the post; but before the good effects of this change of administration could become apparent 'the mine Was flooded, and all operations for the time being perforce suspended. Nor was this all. Unpleasant rumours began to oiroolBto aa to the stability of the conoern. It was said that money had been borrowed at a ruiooue rate of interest; that the Company was insolvent; that the very plant had already been seized by their creditors. One of the financial' journals got hold'of the Story, and treated it after its own- inimitable fashion. The Company brought an ' action against the paper, and won their case, thereby incurring heavy law expenses and advertising the scandal, for the public to a man read the offending article, while-only a .very small section took the trouble to acquaint themselves with the proofs of-its inaocturaoy. . The shareholders grew restive, and it became known that the forthcoming general meeting was likely to be stormy. It was< then; that the Board held their extraordinary Council. There was much- dSeoussion, and- many fntile suggestions, but no resolution was passed, because, if the situation were to be saved, it would be the work of one man, , and he-hadn't had time to think ent a plan of notion... This was the Chairman, Cnrtis Yorke, who, having nothing to say, Bad said it. exceedingly well, and was now-aimlessly scribbling on the back of some papers lying before him on-the table. The Boardroom was almost deserted. Four of' the five Direoters had gone home.; - the fifth remained at. the Bpecial request of the Chair man, who had then relapsed into eilenoe and' hieroglyphs. A casual observer might have judged hie occupation mere idling, and interrupted him without hesitation. Fielden knew better. He not unfreqnently annoyed hit - own olientB during important interviews by adorn ing bis blbttibg-pad With minutely detailed presentments ef cutters and- yawls, and he understood'that miscellaneous sketching-may be on oooasion the outcome of 'deep thought. Therefore he waited, leisurely drawing on his gloves, until at the end of-, twenty minutes Yorke, without' lifting bis head from the paper, began to speak. He said in a low, even voice that the . Com pany was going to the devil; that there was only one man who might be induced. to see them through, and he was on -the Continent, and his exact address nnoertain. That the most important .thing now' was, to gain time, and for that purpose they must, find a smart jnnior, a man who oould talk and' wasn't too well known; give him five ehareai and a cheque for fifty guineas, and put him om at the general meeting to impress the share holders with the necessity of keeping quiet. He went on to say that the San Saorada* Mine was the third' venture that had- gene wrong within six months, and that be, Yorke, regarded it as an em en. That if it oame-to grief he should never do anothes stroke of business; that he would he down and. dune for. But that it should not come to grief, hqoause he intended to pull it through at the price of his own soul. That he was prepared to sell his soul for that end; and he believed the sale would shortly be oonclnded. At that moment the fire crackled, and Yorkfe jumped as if he had- been shpt. Then he laughed rather awkwardly, and - explained that be had not slept for-a fortnight, and his nerves were all to pieces. " I believe," he said apologetically, "that I've been talking ret. To tell the truth I don't know alt the time what I'm sawing. It's this beastly insomnia. Bat you understand what I want for Friday. I made that clear. We most haveaome one to tackle this Simpson bmte, or hell carry the whole meeting ^ with him. Nothing the Board oan say will weigh with the shareholders; but. a split among themselves may gain time, and time is-money'tous josk ■noWe' - - Fielden thought he knew a map whq would do, and be asked who Simpson waa. , "Adirty little outside broker* The mise rable beast hasn't|mare than a hundred shares in all; but he's quite oapable of upsetting our cart as things are at present!"' . ; L. " It is alwaysthe small holders who give the most tronble," said Fielden, preparing to go. 'Ill see my man to-night, and send' you a wire in the morning.. If I were yon, Yorke, 'd look in at my dootor'e on the way home, and get him to give ina tome bcomids or some thing. You're running under too big a strain, lb 'isn't nioe to hear a sensible man talking nonsense about his bouI. If you came out -with that sorb of thing at a meeting the reporters would say you were drank.- Besides, there's no demand for the article nowadays. They are altogether too cheap. Good night." Yorke went with him to the door. It was raining hard, and the evening air felt raw and chilly. He shivered as he returned to the empty Boardroom. Hie; head felt heavy, and there were two pink spots on the green cloth which worried him. He eat down again at the table and began to play with his pen, writing odd words on the blank sheet-of paper., He certainly had been a fool to let himself go in that way before Eielden. He most have -been a bit off his head.: And yet it was true. He would sell his soul if that would ensure his coming safely through this business. His soul! Fielden had said souls were oheap. Ifoity men had souls, what mean, shabby \- *hings some of them would be. Yorke tried to imagine what one would look like and laughed, Hialsugh was not good to hear. And yet it was a big prioo to offer, for it was the last possession of the human being—the only thing he has to carry out of this world into the blank beyond. _ And it could born. He remembered a picture he had seen as a child in an old Bible of souls burning in hell Souls with human faoes horribly distorted by pun. Yes, that was the end of lost souls—hot The rain swirled against the long windows, and Yorke's teeth chattered. He was cold now, and the Company was going to smash. He bad said all along if this venture went down he should go with it. It had come to mean-everything or nothing to him, and to in^.y for certain that he was going to pull it through he would sell his aouL He began -writing again, the words forming themselves automatically beneath his fingers— " I the undersigned hereby covenant and agree to guarantee the loan of such moneys as shall oover the working expenses of the San Sacra da Gold Mine for the spaoeof six oalendar months, and further to ensure the oomplete ■uocess of the Company, in consideration of the surrender of the bouI of Cartis Yorke, Chairman, at such time and for suoh purpose as I may hereafter determine. (Signed) x (his mark)." It was the -merest vagary of a disordered brain, but Yorke's heart gave a great bound as ha read and reread the words. a Then his jaw fell, and hiB faoe grew set and rigid with terror, the terror that wipes out all manly strength and courage, and leaves room for nothing but an abject shaking oowardice. The perspiration stood out in great drops on on his f orenead, and his eyes were bolting oat of his head as he gazed at the paper before him. On the blank apace left Jar the iignaiure five letteri had come out in oharaoteri that thimmered and slowed at if they were traced inflame. Every drop of blood in Yorke's body went to his heart, for one awful moment he remained paralysed and immovable. The next, with a desperate effort, he had seized the sheet of foolsoap, and, staggering aoroas the room, flung it into the fire. The thiok paper shrivelled, ourled, and broke into a blaze. Yorke snatohed up the poker and stirred the coals to a fiercer heat, crashing the charred fragments into the glowing embers. Then the poker feU from his hand with a crash, and he sank into the nearest chair, shaking and sweating like a soared pony. The clook on the mantelpieoe straok 6, and the sound recalled him to a sense of mundane things. He stood up and passed his handacrosa his damp forehead. " Gooa God 1" he muttered, " my head must be going. It wasn't real. It oouldn't be real. Eielden s right. I'm running under too big a strain. Ill see Jones at onoe, and get some thing to pull ine together." He put on his overooat and went downstairs. A clerk was coming up the passage with a telegram in hiB hand. Yorke stopped under the gasbnrner to open the yellow envelope, and his faoe turned a shade paler as he read the oontents. It waB the message for whieh he had been waiting all day. The address of the one man who could save the Company. This happened on Monday. By Wednesday afternoon Yorke had reaohed Paris, seen Van Hootsn, and brought their conference to a euooeasful issue. His conduct of the transaction was through out masterly, and aroused the great financier to an almost paternal expression of admiration. "Yon are von ver clever young man,"he said to Yorke at the oloae of the interview. " I haf watohed yon tor three, four, five years, and I say to myself, 'He does go far, zat boy; but La will arrive.' What! you made von leetle mistake last spring about those 'Guate malas,' Zat is nothing. I myself hid also made mistakes. You are young; you boy yonr experience. So 1 But in ze end you will succeed, for yon haf a head. Mein Gott 1 What a head lor a man so young. You see, I haf belief in you. I lend you my inflnenoe. I trust yon with my money, beoause I look for you one day to do great things. There is no rear. You will suooeed." " I shall suooeed this time," said Yorke. He took leave of this big man gratefully, for Tan Hooten had been a good friend to him. When_ he got back to his hotel he looked himself into his room and drew a paper out of his pooket-book. It was an exact duplicate of the weird bond he had burned in the Board room on the Monday evening. Impelled by an Insane desire to see if the horrible delusion wonld repeat itself, he had three times re written the doonment, watching with a painful admixture of interest and dismay the ghastly signature come out on the white paper. Then, in an aocess of terror, he would destroy the evidence of his unholy oompaot, only to reproduce it on the first oooasion he found himself alone. Meanwhile, the treatment prescribed by 1 doctor exercised a slightly nenefioial effect. He did not sleep, bub his brain, on the single point in whioh lie was vitally interested, be came phenomonally blear, ana his powers of endurance appeared to be practically un limited. In the three days intervening between the Board and general meetings Yorke did the -work of ten men. On the Thursday night he devoted himself to the preparation of his speeob. He told his servant, who left him in Dub own room at II o'olook, to put a glass of milk and a syphon of soda beside the bed, and on no aooount to disturb him in the morning until he rang for his shaving- water. He was then writing.1 The man went to bed. Yorke must have worked late into the night, for he had made a fair copy of the rough draft of his speech and added several sheets of notes. When the speeoh was' delivered it was noticed that, oontrary to custom, the Chair man used no notes st all. He brought with him no papers whatever, and he arrived very late. The room was packed, and the general temper of the meeting so manifestly turbu lent that Eielden's neighbour had given it as his opinion that if Yorke did not turn up soon, neither he nor any one else would be able to obtain a hearing. The words were soaroely past his lips before the tall figure of the Chairman beoame visible amidst the crowd surging about the door. He wore a heavily furred overcoat, whidh he did not attempt to remove, though the atmosphere was oppressively olose. As he made bis way up the room and took hiB place at the table, a peculiar stillness be came apparent. It originated - with those in the immediate neighbourhood of the chair, and passed like a magnetio. wave over thB entire audienoe. Gradually the indeterminate hum of voices dropped, wavered, and died away. When Curtis Yorke rose" to address the meeting hewasreoeived in absolute eilenoe. The speech which followed was the most remarkable pieoe of oratory ever delivered at a Company's meeting. It comprised the entire history oi the San Saorada Gold Mine/with details and statistics, several of which, unknown at the time even to the Direotore, were subsequently verified by telegram ana proved to be absolutely exaot. Yorke's manner created a profound impres sion. He spoke for an hour without a single hesitation, and he held his hearers spell-bonnd. Not an argument was wasted, not a point lost, not a possible objection left unanswered. The man was transfigured by his intense earnestness. His face was inspired, his whole person dilated. He predioted the future sncceBs of the Company with the authority of one who knew. livery word he uttered carried oon viotioD; and when at last a vote of confi dence in the Board was put to the meeting, it was carried without a single dissentient. Then an odd thing happened. Without a word the Chairman rose and left the room. The crowd fell baok, makinga wayjfor him to the door. His diBapjpearanoe was suooeeded by a second of dead eilenoe, Then Fielden, acting on an impulse, forwhioh he could never afterwards aooount, sprang up and followed. He wasn't more than a minute in gaining the etairs *, but when he reached the passage Yorke was nowhere to be seen. He hurried out on to the pavement. A brougham bad just pulled up at the kerb, and some one oalled him by name. It was the doctor whom Yorke was in the hsbitof consulting. He said something, the driftof which Fielden did not oatoh, for he was looking up and down the street, ana answered by the question upper most in his mind— "Have yon eeen Yorke ?" The reply was startling. " Yes, poor fellow; but there was nothing to be done. He must have been dead for hours. His eer vant begged roe to oome to you. Hesays there are some important papers which you" ""Whatthedeucs ate you talking about?" Fielden interrupted impatiently. "Yorke's no more dead than I am. He has been at the meeting since 3 o'clock. He has only just this minute left. I followed him downstairs." Then, catching the peouliar expression of the medical man's face, he added warmly— " I'm neither mad nor drunk, Dr. Jones. If you don't believe me, go upstairs. The whole (unAeiiaM fVTl/1 nil A fllr flVlftm meeting's there, reporters and all. Ask them who took the chair this afternoon. Dead men don't make sush speeobes as Yorke has just given us." There was no doubting the sincerity of his tones. Dr.JJonesooneidered a moment, then heasked a rather singular question—, " Did you," he said, " speak to Mr. Yorke yourself ?" " No; he left the room suddenly, without addressing any one individually. X thought the strain had been too muoh for him—he had spoken really magnificently—and I followed, but" "Ahl" [interjeoted "the other softly; "I think, Mr. Fielden, |I must ask you to ooma baok with me. There are papers .about of whioh you, as an intimate personal friend of Yorke's, and a representative of the Company, had better take charge. Besides, yon may be able to elucidate" "Do you," said Fielden, "seriously expeot me to [believe in the death of a man whom I have seen within the last five minutes ?" " I expeot nothing. I merely tell yon that Mr. Yorke was found dead in his room at half past 2 this afternoon. He had given orders { overnight that be was not to be disturbed until he rang; bat hiB servant, knowing he was to attend an important meeting at 3 o'olook, beoame uneasy, and, after repeated attempts to obtain admission, broke open the door and found bis master as I have said. The man at once sent for me, also for Dr. Lewis, of Harley-streefe; but, of course, there was nothing to be done. Mr. Yorke must have been dead for at least five honrs. The body was quite cold. The oause of death was cerebral apoplexy, brought on by nervous pressure and prolonged mental Btrain. I have known for some days that be was in a serious condition of health." The brougham rolled noiselessly on its way. Fielden was staggered. His mind refused to take in the full meaning of the doator's words. Neither man spoke agam till the carriage drew up at the chamber whioh Yorke oooupied. His servant was waiting for them in the nail, and led the way upstairs. The bedroom was in disorder; the candles had burned down in their sockets ; papers were scattered over the writing table and Boor. On the bed, which had not been oooupied during the night, lay the dead body of Curtis Yorke. " He was found here," said the dootor, indi cating the writing-table. " Evidently he was working up to—the end." Fielden had been standing by the bed, reverentlylooking down at the still faoe on the pillow. The door of a wardrobe opposite had swung baok. As he raised his bead his eyes fell npon Yorke's fur-lined overooat, and the events of the afternoon came baok upon him in all their weird improbability. Re cross ad the room and laid a shaking band on the doctor's arm. ""What doee [it 'mean?" he asked hoarsely. ""What does it mean ? I saw him, I tell you, sot half an hour ago. I heard him speak, ana yet—he is dead. For God's sake, what diet it mean ?" "I don't know," the other answered, simply. "There are some things that won't bear explanation. The affaire of the Company were very much on bis mind;" arid taming over the papers lying on the table, he added— "He was preparing his.speeoh when.the end came. Look here; is this anything like what yon heard!" Fielden looked, and a smothered exclama tion esoaped his flips as he glanoed down the closely written pages. He was reading, word for word, the speech to which he thad listened barely an hour Defore. ' The eyes of the''two men met, and Fielden nodded." There was a"pause," broken only by the rattle of a passing oab. A oorner of the hearthrug was turned up, and the dootor stooped mechanically to straighten' it. Under the fold la; a pieoe of paper. It bad'dropped from the dead man's band and remained there unnotioed sinoe the removal of tbe body. < Fielden heard hit companion draw in his breath with a soft, ribilant sound, and lboked up "What is it?" he asked. "Convincing proof, if any were needed, of that poor fellow's mental condition. Good God 1 wbat a strain be most bare been running under before things got to tbis pass.' Read it for yourelf. What do yon make of it?" . Fielden read, and tbere oame back to his mind tbe words Yorke had spoken in the Boardroom font days before-— " I am prepared to sell my soul for tbat end, and I believe the sale wul shortly be con cluded." It was tbe last copy of tbat extraordinary document by whiob the unhappy man believed be bad saved the San Saorada Mining Com pany and lost bis own souL On the back of the paper Yorke had written— "My friend Fielden bassaid that thereisno demand for souls nowadays—that they are alto gether too cheap—but be is wrong. The devil' is never weary of bringing men to destruction, as I am proving, at what cost is known only to myself. Though I am now past hope in this world or tbe next, I solemnly swear that I did not seriously intend to register this shameful bargain with the powers of darkness. " In a moment of abstraction, hardly know ing what I did. I wrote out the original of this agreement. Three minutes later it wat tigned, and I knew that I was lost. " 1 saw the vile name come out in letters of fire—the fire of hell, in which my soul, that I have bartered away, most bnrn hereafter. "Six times I have destroyed the ontward evidenoe of. this ourned bond, only to be com pelled, by a power stronger than myself, to reproduce it, and watch the awful signature again affixed. Bit share of the compact wil soon be completed. My part is yet to come The surrender of my soul 'at Buoh time and for suoh purpose.' The purpose I know only too well. The time is yet uncertain, but I fee that it will not be long. I am now tormented by one terrible fear; that the oall may oome before I have seen the BUocess of the Company assured; tbat after all I may be oheated out of my dearly bought triumph. But that I am resolved not to suffer. Surely my body will have strength to resist; my will- power suffice to claim tbat last privilege. Come what may, I wiil not yield up my immortal self before Friday's meeting. After that I oare little how soon the summons oomee. This hourly suspense is torture, worse than any aotual suffering. My brain is burning already in hell. But" Here the writing oeased, with a faint down ward strokeof the pen, as it had slipped through the nerveless fingers. It was Curtis Yorke's last word. The summons had oome. Fislden's eyes were 'wet as he finished reading. "Poor fellow," he said under his breath. "Poor Yorke! My God! What he must have gone through!" He turned the paper over, and looked at the strangely worded agreement. Tbe space left for the signature was blank. This is the truth of a story to whioh no one will give credence, least of all the hundred and and fifty odd men who heard Yorke's speeoh at tbe general meeting of the San Saorada Mining Company. They will prefer to believe that two competent medical authorities made a mistake of five hours in assigning the time of his death. For there is nothing to whioh human nature objects so strongly as oontaot with the supernatural, and no credulity equal to the credulity of the inoredulous. 