OUTLAW & LAW-JIAKER UN i mw FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS, CAMPBELL TRAED. CHAPTEPv V.— A Gauntlet to Fate. Mr. Trant went- away the next morning. Elsie did not go into the parlor to bid him good-bye. but remained in the verandah, where she was sewing, and listened to his parting words to Lady Horace, who invited innnnurcd Elsie to herself. "She might have seen that I didn't like him." "Where's your sister," asked Mr. Trant, and J na?s w anl. of tact again displayed itself when she promptly replied, "On, Elsie is in the verandah.'' Mr. Trant eaine out. " I have come to say good-bye. and to tell you that I shall be over at Tunimba when you are there." " I don't know that I am going to be there," naid Elsie, perversely. Mr. Train's face fell. "If you are not there, 3 shall come away the next day. . . . Do you live up here, Miss Valiiant?" he asked, after having waited in vain for Elsie to reply. " No," she said. " I am only staying with my sister, and 1 am going back to Lcicli- hardt's Town almost immediately." " Lord Horace wants mc to come and sing. It isn't much of a ride over from Barolin— only about 15 miles." " Oh !" said Elsie. " Miss Vallianb, why don't you like me " Really, Mr. Trant, you usk rather em barrassing questions." "But you clou't. I sec it in your face. Aou liked mc a little after I sang last night. I knew I was having some effect upon you, and 1 should have liked to sing on for ever. I wish you'd let mo come and sing to you." "But I'm going away. And, besides, I mightn't like you to have an effect upon me." "That means that you are a little afraid of me. I know that; I can make jieoplc afraid of me." " Can you really ? ' How V " I don't quite know. By looking at them. I can always make a woman like mc if I want to. I don't often want to. I don't care about them." "Perhaps that is why you make them like vou. People can often influence others just from the very reason that they don't caro ubout them." "I don't think that reasoning ought to apply to you and me. Please don't be offended. I only meant that it would be im possible to look at you often and remain in- udfercnt." " In that case," said Elsie, "it would be better not to look at me." " Much better," said Trant, seriously. "I quite agree with you. It would not suit my way of life to care too much for a woman." " What is your way of life V asked Elsie, interested in spite of herself. Trant laughed in a sort of sotto voce way that he had, "You wouldn't understand it if I were to tell you." " From the outside it wouldn't seem to be so mysterious," said Elsie, piqued — "living at Bn- rolin and looking after horses and cattle. I understand something about that." The black boy came round with Mr. Trant's horse. " Well, good-bye," lie said in a lingering manner. 14 1 am very ghul to have met you. ' Elsie gave hint her hand. The black boy grinned as Trant went down the log stens. " I say," lie said, 44 Ba'al you got him Mary belonging to you V "Ba'al," answered Trant. "That Budgery Mary," said the black boy, making a gesture towards Elsie, who pre tended not to sec or hear. "Mine think it that fellow Hallctt, plenty look after Elsie." 'Elsie— I say," shouted the imp. An Aus tralian black is no respecter of persons. i Mine got him dilly-bag for you." The dilly-bag which had been plaited by the gins smcllcd atrociously of the camp, but it was a good pretext for escaping Trant's farewell gaze, and for running round to the store lor a fig of tobacco, the purchase money agreed upon for the dilly-bag. . Trant rode off. Close by the door Hallett was saddling his horse, and Lord Horace was an conversation with a travelling digger, to whom he had been giving out rations. " Lord, what infernal check !" Lord Horace was saying. "You'll have to look sharp, Hallett, to beat that." " What is it you are to look sharp about asked Elsie, coming towards him. " It seems," said Hallett, drawing his lips trtttnl.hor nnrl rrOrwinfT t.lmm ivif.li n. rlofnr. mined expression, " that though poor Slancy ivns only buried yesterday, the Opposition candidate has already declared himself." " Whet ! " said Elsie. " X'osters up on the gum-trees all round Cioondi. This fellow has come from the Jiean-tree this morning, and they had tele graphed it on there. I wonder if 'Trant knew anything about it?" " WI15', -of course," put in the digger. " Trant is his partner, and Trant was at the Bean-tree yesterday, telegraphing all over the country. Good day, Miss." He touched his felt wideawake as Elsie turned to him impulsively. " You don't mean that Mr. Trant is the Opposition candidate?" she asked. "It's his partner, Miss," said the digger. ' Blake, of Bardlin. Ho thinks he'll get in on the Irish vote — a Hash sort of chap is Blake, they say. You take my advice, llr. Hallett. Cut in at once and take the wind out of his sails. You're safe enough 011 the Luya, but those Goondi chaps are all agiu the squatter::, and they like blather." The man had taken some dirty shillings out of his pouch, and was handing them to Lord Horace in payment for his rations. Lord Horace counted them carefully, and thrust them into his pocket. " Have a nip," he said, and took the digger to the kitchen, where Lady Horace acted as Hebe, and where his health was drunk, and that of her ladyship, with duo formalities. Lord and Lady I-Ioraee were popular in tho district, and a good many loafers found their way to the Dell. They could always fetch Lord Horace by admiring bis amateur bush ways, and I10 always wound up business by offering them a grog. "Where are you going?" asked Elsie of Hallett. " To the Bean-tree, and perhaps to Goondi, to look after my political interests." " Isn't it rather odd that Mr. Blake should have got into the field so quickly. Ho must have heard of Mr. Slauey's death almost as soon as it happened," said Elsie. " I suiipo.se he lias been working up tho ilislriet for some time on tho sly," answered Hallett. "Trant must have set the wires going. That fellow brought me a telegram from the Beantreo, which had been for warded by Airs. Jem, on tile chanco of its picking me up here. My supporters want to see me." Elsie noticed that he had pinned into his coat tho sprig of stephauotis she had thrown away tiic night before. " Why do you keep that withered thing?" she said. "If you come round to tho verandah, I'll give you a better one." " Give 1110 the bit you have in your belt," he said. " It will briiig me luck.'1 She took it out with a littlo hesitation. ' You'd much better have a fresh niece," and she moved to tho house. Ho followed her. It was only an excuse for getting out of eye- range. As soon as they were in the front verandah he stopped her as she was going to the stephauotis creeper. "No, give 1110 that." " No, I want it for myself." She held it hack, but he took it from her, mid put it to his lips. " I have spoilt it for you now," he said. She still held out her hand. IIow V" "Because I kissed tiie flowers. There!" ne tossed them away. She gathered another spray. " That is n very nice one ; and please don't throw it away directly you are out of sight of the house." He laughed. " I'll show you the ghost of it next time we meet." " That means that wo shan't meet for a long time." " Long enough for these to wither. 1 don't know when I shall bo able to get over again. I must canvass the distriet. We shall meet at Tunimba." " Write and tell me how things are going," she said. " Do you really care to hear? Oh 1 Elsie, it makes me glad." "Of course I care to hear. I am immensely excited. I wish I could go to Goondi and canvass for vou. I'd make love to the Luya selectors. I'd abuse Air. Blake to your very heart's content. Blake of Bardlin ! Has it struck you that the name sounds rather poetic V" " Aluch more so than Hallett, of Tunimba." " Well, yes ! I love a poetic name. I couldn't man y a man who was called Smith, 'two Smiths proposed to me by the way, and they wore good matches, and Alainmio and Ina scolded me for sending them about their business. To he sure I couldn't have married them both. Oh, what a bore it is that one must man y — somebody." "I can't boar to hear you talk Iiko that. Why must you marry — anybody." " Because I've got 110 other way of gaining my living. Because my prottincss is going — 0I1 yes ! Girls in Australia go off very soon. And do you think I haven't heard it said that Elsie Valliant is going off! Bccauso 1 should hate to be an old maid. Air. Hallett ",Yes ?" " You know we settled last night that our compact was at an end." " Did v.e? 1 think not." "Yes. I told you to go. I gave you a definite answer. There'suolliiug more to wait for." "I think there is a great deal to wait for." " I was mo3t splendidly unselfish. I sacri ficed myself. You don't even thank me for my disinterestedness. You are to expect nothing from me, and I am to give up the gratification of having the member for Luya —a prospective Alinister— among my ad mirers." "Let us make a new compact," he said gravely. " I don't ask anything from you— except absolute frankness." " Oh ! that I have always given yon." "Goon giving it. Let us talk out quite openly to each other. Tell me that you don't care a hit for me — if it is true. Tell 111c if your affection— you said it was affection — deepens or lessens. I shull never reproach you if you hurt me. 1 am willing to take my chance." " Well, what else ?" " Let us go on in this way. You will know — yes, for I shall tell you unless you forbid me— that I love you. That is not to be gainsaid. I don't care how long I have to wait. You told me that you liked 1110 better tlian anyone clso who has ever cared for yon." " Yes, but that isn't saying much. I have never eared for anyone." " Well, that is all I want — now. I think I like you to be like that. It fits in with my star fancy. I can worship you without a twinge of jealousy. And when you flirt, I know that it only means that you are dull and want amusement." " That is a charitable construction to put 011 my evil doings." " 1 don't mind. It's like the naughtiness of a child that doesn't know what it's doing. One can't think hardly of it when it's so un conscious. That's what you are. You don't realise that you can hurt people. And all that fancy about the hero— the Prince " Yes, the hero — tho Prince. Is that like a diild, too ? But the child's fancies some times become the realities of the woman." " This is what I meant by absolute frank ness. If the Prince comes, tell ine. Yon will be able to trust me. I shall staiul aside. 1 will worry you 110 more. Wait, and I will wait, too." "For my Prince? And how long do you give me to' wait?" " You shall fix your own time. Throw a gauntlet to fate." The phrase struck her. " 'A gauntlet to fate.' I like that. I did not know you could say such poetic things. Well, I will throw a gauntlet to fate. Well, here's my challenge." She flung a glove she carried into the air. As it came down she tried to catch it ; but it fell almost into ilis hand. " That is an omen," he exclaimed. " And the time?" " I challenge fate to bring my Prince along within the year— a year from this day — what is the date ?" "The twenty-ninth of March." "Tho, twenty-ninth of next March then. It shall be yes or no, onec and for all." CHAPTER VI. TJIF. COMtSG 01- the PRIXCE. Elsie seemed a little depressed for a week after Frank Ilallett's visit. She felt that she had committed herself. To be sure she consoled herself with the reflection that she had the fullest right to throw him over if her prince came. But suppose that 110 prince came, and that she had reached 110 further pitch of romantic ardor than she had at pre sent attained. "Hiked him better six months ago," she said to herself. " I was almost ill love with him. I think I was quite in love with him one day when he seemed to like Ina better than he liked me. How horribly selfish and mean and small to be jealous ! And jealous of one's own sister !" Lady Horace was a little depressed too, if, indeed, anyone soequable could bo depressed. Elsie accounted for it by the fact that Lord Horace had been aggravating. Lord Horace had occasionally tits of spleen and regret that ho had ever left England— fits which were generally brought about by a perusal of his bank-book, and which usually ended in a grumble over dinner, and a reactionary burst of effusion to his wife. He was away just now, helping Frank Hal lett in his electioneering business, and tho sisters were alone. They were sitting out in tile verandah together one evening. Ina was in a squatter's chair, and Elsie sat 0:1 tho edge of the verandah, and leaned her head against Ina's knees. "Ina," she said suddenly, "I wish I wasn't such a wretch." " What makes you say that, El? " "I don't know. Frank Haliett, I suppose, It's perfectly horrid of me to want to keep him dangling in a string. Why don't I marry him straight away ? " " Oh. w hv not? " " I don't know. That's just it. I like him. He is the only man I have ever been able to imagine kissing me without a shud der." " Elsie." "Well, it always comes to that in time. There was a moment when I was almost in love with liirn." "Almost !" " How tragically you say that. There was a moment when it eame over mo that I had snubbed him too severely and that he had deserted me for you ; and I believe I threw myself on tho bed and cried out of grief and mortification." "I saw you," said Ina, "and I knew from that moment that you cored for Frank Hallett, and that you ought to_ marry him." "Did you really see me, Ina? And you never said that. That was awfnllv like you. You'd never let me suspect that you knew how abominably petty I had been. It was all vanity." " No, 110, Elsie, don't say that." " It's true. I've been like that all my life, and I'm ashamed of it. I hate myself some times. I can't bear a man who lias admired mo take up with anyone else — even my own sister. I'm a mean creature." " Y'ou know you are not. I've seen you take the greatest pains to dress up girls in your own finery, so that they might have as good a chance of getting partners as you. You have exulted iu my little conquests. You know you have, Elsie. And if you were jealous for a moment it was because you eared. Do you think I'm not certain of that?" "Ina, you are trembling. What's the matter? ' "1 can't bear to hear you cry yourself down." " I shouldn't have been so liorrid, Ina, if you had cared. It's a mercy you didn't, for I might have had a little trouble in getting up to such a height of heroic abnegation. Frank Hallett wouldn't suit you, Ina. He is too solid and steady, and for two angels to marry is a waste of regenerating material. No, Ina, dear, you are clearly intended for a sinner. " The girls laughed, both a little sadly. Elsie went 011, "Do you know, Ina, I think it's a pity we weren't taught to earn our own iivi'ng. I think it's a pity, in.a kind of way, that wo are pretty. If wo had been ugly there wouldn't have been so much bother about this marrying business. As it is, there's been nothing else for us to do. You aro married, and it is all right, or at any rato I hope it is all right for you, but here am I, 20, too poor — and in three or four years time I shall be losing my good looks and there'll be notlm" for mo to fall back upon. Now, if wo had been governesses, or oven plain needlewomen, there would not have been any necessity for falling iu love." " Elsie ! " " Oil yes, it is a very disagreeable neces sity. Tho only thing more disagreeable would bo to marry without it. It is so difficult to fall in love. I have boon trying for all these years, and I haven't succeeded yet." " Not even with Frank Hallett ? " "Not even with Frank Hallett, and yet I10 has everything for one to fall in love with — good looks, though I don't caro for those in a man, nice manners, brains — of a sort — money — you couldn't wish for anything more satis factory. And I think I could bo happy with him." " Elsie," said Ina, with an inflection almost of passion in her voice, " don't be a spoiled child ; caring only for a tiling when you can't get it— not valuing what is yours. Don't let it all have been of no use— his love for you, my— my prayers for your happiuess with him." "You are right, Inaj I've been a spoilt child. Alainmie has spoiled me, you nave spoiled me, though I'm older than you, my poor Ina; and it is I who ought to have spoiled you. It's that which makes me the heartless, freakish thing that I am. And yet — and yet there's always tile feeling that the prince might come." "ThcPrinco? Do you mean the Prince that is coming this winter? And what use will that be to yon ? Y'ou don't think you can marry him ? " Ina alluded to tho visit of a certain sprig of royalty, wliiclp was ex pected to take place that year. Y'ou don't think you are like Beatrix Esmond, do you V" "Yes, I do think I am very like Beatrix Esmond. A3 for my Prince— well, I should be pleased if lie wore a periwig and Court ruffles and carried a sword like Colonel Henry Esmond, but that is out of the ques tion, I suppose, in this nineteenth century Australia, and there arc not many Colonel Esmonds in history— or out of it," "I think Frank Hallett would do quito as fine things as Colonel Henry Esmond." "Perhaps. But do you know, between ourselves, I always thought Colonel Esmond was ever such a little hit of a prig. Ina, I have told Frank Hallett that if the Prince docs not come along within a year's time I will marry him." "And you arc going to flirt with every body that comes along, with the idea that he may turn out to he your Prince ?" " I think I should know my Prince, with out trying experiments. As for flirting, I suppose a poor girl may be allowed to mako the most of the lust opportunity she will ever have. I shan't he able to flirt after I am married, you know.": "1 think you would flirt in your grave. You were flirting the other night with that horrid Air. Trant." " I am not sure that he is horrid. I think that under some circumstance lie might be rather interesting." "At any rate, he is horrid for having sneaked so about the election." " They say all is fair in love and war. "The two must he hard at it now. I wonder, that Frank Hallett hasn't written." ' " I wonder that Horace hasn't written," said Ina, uneasily. " I don't see how you can expect Afr. Ifaliett to write when, ou never answered his letter." _ " "Look here," said Elsie, "I don't think Horace is quite fit to lie trusted by Himself. He'll go flirting with the barmaids — you know Horace is a liorrid flirt." "Let us go over to Goondi to see about getting ' some tilings," said Lady Horace, " but I don't think that would be a good time. We must have a new colonial oven before the Waveryngs uomc. Oil 1 Elsie, what shall I do with them?" Lady Horace took life placidly as a rule, but she was just now seriously discomposed by the news which had arrived by tile last mail, that Lord and Lady Waveryng wcro about to make the tour of the world, and proposed to include the Australian colonies in their programme. Elsie laughed. "Nevermind. Take them camping out. Let Horace look after them." " If only the new house were built." " Well. I expect you'll find that Horace lias anticipated Lord Wavcryng's remittance in shouting champagne to the diggers, and there'll bo nothing left to pay for the iin- ported bull, let alone the new house. You'd better make up your mind to go to Goondi." (To be continued.) 