T CHURCH, 'MALDON. ... — •. ohnrob wu crowded on Sunday numbers'not being atta to get ailding. The pa»torof>;the Eev» T. Beeson, .<K«nm»d ti>< aeririoa vu commeno»dfcytli« mil. After prayer, the rev. a portion of eoriptara from Gospel 3rd chapter, coin- •the 13tn verse. Speaking the preacher said oomepaople ptigm was only forBurners; not .the caae.Christ, who nd spotleas life, waa baptised, tas important that fle should as it was for Him* to diaoa die connection with- the immerminuten of the town will aay eve there was «uch' a manas ptwt; believe that Christ when he mi baptised, and e to die river: Jordan to b> t when you «ay He went into d came straightway op ont -of ey say He did not;" or, if He flis sandals. The praacher to aee their consistency. If did not coma -op' oat of the ight jaet as wall say the spirit 1 Him in the form of a also raad another porliure from Aota Sth. chapter, the baptism of the person in he said it was precisely the they preached to-day. Von (your was and believe fp the yon can be immersed *r i>apten Of this town who have letters of late will belisve there t, but they will cot believe the der ths Water. 'Wherein,' he was their consistency - „ Speak- 6U1 chapter of Romans, verses preacher said baptism was set the burisl and resurrection of what wu there in' a minister less child In hisarins and terover its face and giying it o thing whatever. Pointing to was uncovered alongside the _ud we c&n; show torth'His urrectioa by going: down into coming up out of it, and he that the law which existed in yean ago, compelling parents children baptised ana at their •e them a name, had been done After the singing of another -eson .chose a text, which Was ct9.II., 37 th and verses— they heard this," ie. • " (That Then Peter said onto .them, baptised every -one of you in Jesns Christ for the remission ye shall receive the gift of the Peter's sermon was simple— ant, and its power Lay in the. of the speaker, hui appeal to concurrence of bis witnessing his own evident faith ; and, the Holy Spirit who acepmord. The first thing is not to m unto the people, bnt - JesuF, gs concerning the kingdom of reforelet all the house of Israel ily that God hath made that: whom'ye hare crnei6ed. both : They are charged with , of Christ, whom ye delivered I ied Him iu the piesenee of. lie was determined to let Him 10 whom he spoke oould not be: had nut denied and crucified be first thing for these to do, followed after them, is to order and plan of saltation arc first seroKin by Peter, and oar teaching settles the logical and I order, uud this order was yed by die apostles aud early ~~ " ac»l repentance 'precede hey believed <uid then «ers now they are spriqkicd first uat, believe, aud repent of their 2\. " Bi baptised every »ne of ieving that Jesns was thfe Son of pointed propitiation for RID, tbey • baptised in obedience to Gtirist, > hLd tafeau - to be their Master^ and as a type of your being one j His burial, yon are to be buried I He was buried in the tomb of j yoa are to be raised op out of] even as He arose again from the i s act is to be n. token and type tn r oneness with Hint in His death ; and resurrection. Did they say, think I most wait & little while ; is col-'l." OH our liret entrance 1 ristian profession ve arc meti>y ;ce of baptism, which ten^l—K the t purification. Baptism is, in its washing, and its teaching' ;!eaasiug of the most thorough ^ ** '.sis of the ceiifcsaioa lies in tiie " JY believer with Christ Jesus, i with Him, because we are one t T e are risen will) Him, because with Him. Ev«ry believer is, poHo of divine gnsc, identified Believers shonld be twptised— of disciplesbip; this is the peciatly attached to it by Christ "Go ye, and make disciples of all It tuariis a change in life, and a new aad better life. Believers bahtised; Christ commanded it, t Christ commanded is essential -ved iu the manner, the word and Christ authorise. "If ye love My -commandments." •' Because Jesns was baptised, and if there other reason, why not this be His footprints lead down into the waters, aud if we would follow wheresoever He goeth, we most water. 3. " For the remission of o man can pnt'away sic, but hia s cleansed by his obedience to e have purified your eonls in ie truth. Thus professing their im. they would receive remission s. It is impossible for infants to t to «nr Lord's teaching and profaith in Him until they know Him will. 4.- " Ye ahall receive the : Holy fthost" Sere is' a street "oua promise made to them by l'eter, ould be fulfilled by their repentance tism. The greatest promise mads' y oar Lord is npon mail's obedience -mmandmentof Qirist. ."-He that and iB baptised shall be saved." >t lie, and there is no. reason to im of change or failure of ability is promise. 0 obedience "to God^ taught more from the pulpit, ; the jpfts of the. Holy Ghost be ore in the church and manifested mors i all the believers? (the aSuelusioh of the oermoft, Mr. 1 said that he trusted many hundreds could follow the example vf those who mmediately to be baptised. 