A REPORTER'S HOST rt HBEE o'clock in Ly C H the morning is an Y — if uncanny hoar the jjifV '? __ a®) world over except ii jgA at police headquar- flsSi Ivlf® 1 Jj er3 or the office yW of a morning news- SEaL.. =- paper, and it was in this latter place at ll thehour named, that '==== four or five reporters. having sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of apace and ten columns of matter that "must go in," sit with their feet on the tables and their chairbaoks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as it was when Adam doffed his beaver and said "How d'y' do ? " to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. " What for?" inquired Claude Browne of Erank Jones. " Because," replied Erank, " it's only the proper way to live." " A nice husband a reporter would make," said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m., and leaving home as soon as he got his 12 o'clock oreakfast." " But his wife would always know where he was, and if she didn't she'd know where- over he was he was after an item and had to be back at the office in time," remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put in Claude, " if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get marrried ?" " Can't," said Charlie, very positively. " Why not? " " Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when be hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank ? How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt ? " "That's it," interrupted Claude ; "how's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? What's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" " Where's the girl?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of'them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and. they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set en a hus band and can't get him?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony and at half -past 3 started for home. He was thinking the conversation over, and as he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. TTis way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city and as he passed a fine house his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of. a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by the reportori'al instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining room and making off .with bis silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the- other fel lows, and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than he was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the door closely and dis covered that the robber was not _ou the outside, but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on bis person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it on the door, and aa in stant afterward the door swung open, and Charlie was ready to cry " throw up your hands, "'when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. "It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it?" He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out. into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reported " it's a woman, and she's got on a night-gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revol ver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of the show and spoke to the ghostly walker. " Good evening," he said nervously. "No, excuse me, mean good morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go back and put on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an or- dinary affair, and he didn't require news paper instinct to tell him so. The sheeted figure made no reply., but moved again and came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down his back, and he looked for a policeman, with the usual result. " Stand back," be said, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might go off." But on it came, and Charlie found that his legs would't move in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face to face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. ' I beg your pardon," be said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance ? Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by- his own words, stepped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her face to him and then, the mystery was.solved, ; .. "Another Amina," he said, "LaSonnam- bula off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is a go«r " I've got to take her in the house any,- a. how, that's plain," he said to himself, and' ho gently led the willing walker back up to the door, and rang the bell, and rang it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump young woman in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a dash with his burden into the hall, only to meet a healthy youna: man in even less dishabille. 44 What's this ?" he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's throat. 44 Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Char lie, dropping the girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyrannis. " What does this mean 2" again shouted the young man, and the remainder of the family came tumbling down stairs, none of them fixed to see company. 44 Let go of me and shut that door, and I'll tell you," wheezed Charlie. 44 You don't want to raise the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do yon? " Some of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and the servants carried the unconscious girl, upstairs, Charlie told the father and son how he had met the young lady, and what the trouble was. Both men knew Jhim by sight, and bad met Mm on 'Change and elsewhere, and it was not difficult to explain the situa tion. Hal?-an- hour later the reporter was at home in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic things. When he reached the office next day a note was waiting for him, and he was invited "to call that evening on the mother of the young lady. He called, of course. He saw the mother ; he saw the daughter, blushing and beautiful; and now,, if Charlie is a bachelor much longer there win be a breach of promise suit or some other dreadful calamity, for Charlie's mind is made up. — 44 Free Press," 