THE DAY OF REST. THE SCRIPTURE DOCTRINE ON SPIRITUALISM. Br BET. EDWARD WHITE. Betas the Merchant's Lecture delivered io tbe Memorial Hnll, May 2. - THE LAW AGAINST NECROMANCY, OR SEEKING TO THE DEAD, IN DEUT. XVIII, AND THE REASON THEREIN ASSIGNED FOR THE LAW, law is Mhdrad In the (oUovinfftensi!-' Tliore shall not bo found with thee a conBulcer with a familiar spirit. or a necromancer; for whoso* ©fer oo^tii th(M things is an abomination,to the «ordU)|Ood. And because of those abominations the L'jra thy God doth drive out the nations from ®®oi® tbw (irorda which show ibat necromancy * * «Q| ID all nations and in all uissl 'Tho Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto Mo unto Him shall ye hearken, And it shall come to pass that whosoever will not hearken mi to My words which He shall speak in My n»mt», I will require it of him."-Deuteronomy scviii. 15*10. The death penalty against this cfftnce ©i necromancy is delivered in Leviticus u, 27-"A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall snrely be poc to death; they shall stone them with stones; their blood shall toe upon them.'4 Again, Leviticus xti. 91 **Begard not tbem that have familiar spirits neither seek after wtatrds to be defiled by Mem. lawibe Lord thy God." Again, Kxodtu xxfiL IS - " Xfaou sholt not suffer a witch to live." Xn Dent, xvlii, both our bid and new versions have, unhappily* translated three simple Hebrew words by the one Greek, word "necromancer." instead of giving the plain English translation of those Hebrew words, which signify a "seeker to the dead;" thereby somewhat concealing from on* learned readers the nature of the offence which was to be capitally punished under the Mosaic law. and which, therefore, cannot presumably ba regarded as Innocent under the Gospel. But the cdirors ®f the old version, set forth under king James, committed, I think, the much graver mistake of inserting a paragraph mark (^") at the Deginmng of tbe fifteenth verse of Dent xviiL-a tnark always designed by them to indicate a fresh subject, not connected wiib the preceding verses thus separating {ram its closely wilted context (ha promise to Israel of a " Prophet" (on this side the yell) "like unto Moses, of their own brethren," through whom God would bestow from time to time on Israel all the Informat-on designed for them re ?pectiug invisible thing* and future events-a pro. inks which in fact assigns the reason for the criminality of all voluntary attempt* to "intrude into the unseen world," or to commuulcate with de parted souls by the arts of the .neciom&ntic; medium. _ If this passage had been received as authorita tive, and rightly understood in England and America during tlie past forty years, it would probably have exercised a deterring Influence on mwy so-called spiritualists, who retain some belief in revelation and some fear of Ood in tbelr hearts but who, in ignorance of Divine prohibitions, have carritd on a system of necronuncy, in direct rebel, lion against tbis distinct affirmation of its "aboml. sable" wi. keflness iirthe tight of the Divinity, who according to Qis promise, has given us by Hie prophets, and at last by His Son, all the informa tion designed for us as to things unseen, and all the guidance required for our direction to life eternal. IS DEUTEKONOMl' 4 FRAUD? We shall, however, be met at the outset with one of ilia widely accepted results of the new Bo-calied 'higher criticism," namely, that the Book of Deuteronomy (in which both this law occurs and the reason a«eigncd for the law) was neither ?written by Moses nnr under his direction, nor by Joshua under his dictation, but was, in fact a literary fraui set forth ia the name of Moses in the seventh ceotuiy before Christ in the reign of Joslah, under priestly inlinence-the alleged . l!)0 .bock in the tetania by Hilkiah being only a b-ind to cover the newly invented legislation. I fear that bv some of our critics in all the Churches it is uuh&ppil; now considered a mars of old-fashioned credulity to reiect this piere of higher criticism, hut to long as Jt is flnnly reiecteil also by such judicious scholars as Profe;Bor (ireen, of Princeton, by Dr Vos of the same seminary, by Dr. Bissell, of Hartford, and by Dr. Stanley taatheB, Professor of Hebrew at King's College, London, and a humlred others, it is clear that weare in very good company in retaining our faith in the Biok of Deuteronomy as Mosaic and tins prohibition of necromancy in particular was very unlikely to have ommended itself as part of a fraudulent work to any impostor or forger living In an apostate age-an ago whon. it IB strangely contended, this mere forgery could so well assume the mantle, and imitate so naeniU ceutiy the tulip of Mosaic, and still more even of Divine authority. For even in its English transla tion there is no book in the Bible which, when wel read in great modern congregations, produces on educated heaters a profounder impression of its Divine authority-* veritable product, as it plainly assumes to be. of tlie age following on the Kgyptian oppression of Israel, and bearing so tuany traces of tiie recent desert life. Nothing can bo more Irrational than to give over all authori totive criticism^, to dry men who count ;or little spiritual judgment, whether the commentator or in the generality of Christian readers. It'is as easy to believe that Deuteronomy is the work of an age of spiritual decay as that the Gospel of John was written in the fourth century of Christianity. Forgers are seldom endowed (as I recollect Mr. Blnney and Mr Baldwin Brown used often to say) with sucli. transcendant glfte of tenderness, sublimity, and holy thought, with such glowing zeal tor truthful ness and righteous dealing, with such compassion lor the poor and needy, as this holy book Indicates, much less with such zeal for God in His genuine revelation as are expressed In the pages of Deuteronomy from one end to the other. Those who have also the oppor tunity of comparing with its contents the seventeenvoIumeBentitled "Recordsof the Past" edited by Professor Sayce, from ancient and con temporary inscriptions in Egypt, Babylonia er"5?- wi1IJB°a an additional ground of faith in the reality of Hebrew Revelation; in its immense superiority to all the deciphered wisdom of the surrounding nations of the Bast " What ia the chaff to the wheat? saith the lord. Is not My a "r"'ft5.d A0 a hammer that breaker h the rock in pieces?" Here is a popular test of the genuineness of Deuteronomy provided for us by the TEH SuPHme Judge. Now, do not sav SStJtT ia to denounce and abjure the results of f n,oth!?8 of the sort. It is only to Insist that Biblical critics must first of all be in good degree " spiritual men," for >he natural man aiscerneth not the things of the Spirit of Ood and critics destitute of spiritual perception cannot ade quately deal with Divine Revelation or its records i ^B?rI,y.vthe "bole learned world of Jerusalem re jected the Son of God when be appeared "because they knew not Him t hat sent Him.T because RGIPT'S P*ITH IN THE "AMENTI." Mli us now address ourselves to the study of this Mosaic prohibition of necromsncv, or seeking tu the dead for information and guidance in the preseit There is perhaps no popular error of the last 2Z J I?',peTCtlnB, ^!a.,'iea8 ,of the ancient world and of the Tsr&eli;'isb psnplft mora wfrtsa 1 dSXihTn thl® ^ the older nations, in- cluding Israel, lived in a state of ignorance or indifference in relation to the world of spirits. This whole line of modern opinion is due partly to the materialistic tendency of eighteenth century critics, but still more to the comparative lack of antiquarian knowledge in the last century, and in the first years of the present genera tion. The clearer criticism of the Old Testa ment, and the grand discovery of the meaning of the Egyptian hieroglyphics and Inscriptions, have thrown such floods of light upon each other as com pletely to put out of court the favourite old notion that those ancient nations were materialists, and lived and died in unconcern respecting the invisible world. It would be nearer the truth to' say that the unseen world was both to the Egyptians and the ancient Israelites almost as real as the present world and vastly more real than to the majority of the English people to-day. The larger part of the inscribed monuments of Egypt, and the whole succession of the Old Testament writings, are filled with vivid references to the invisible realms and the spiritual world. The result of the interpretation of the hieroglyphics of Egypt has been in fact to show how,the public and private life of Egypt was absolutely dominated by its faith in the Amenti or world of departed souls ; those which crowd our mn^AMmo /mm »i,n *?.! Valley which does not b dostiD.v of the (spirit in the realms Jof retribution8 In H. Ntespero'a Stanch catalogne.of the antiquities contained in the museum at Boulak. near Cairo, the learned author ifau given a flnil and complete explication of tho popular system of Egyptian faith in' the Invisible world during' the whole history of the people. It appears from this explication that the Egyptians from their earilest ages possessed an exceedingly vivid per suasion-not of the natural or necessary eternity of all souls. but of the survival of all souls for judg ment, before Osiris, the mighty and just Lord of the underworld And this judgment of the departed soul-determined in the unseen world by weighing it in the balance of justice.against the image of righteousness in the presence of Osiris seated on his throne-la visibly represented on innumerable stone monuments of the dead, and on written and painted papyri, numbers of which are deposited and exhibited in our British Museum, And It may be safely said that, In outline, the Egyptian ideas on the -world to come, Ircluding the condition of souls departed with their rewards and punishments, and the hope of the- resurrection of the pious dead to eternal life, and of those alone, can be regarded only as the tradition of an earlier and holier faith of the patriarchal age, in which the Hebrew people also shared. To the Egyptian, notwithstanding his lapse into polytheism, the judgment of the human soul beyond the grave was not so much an opinion as an awful reality and the hope of "eternal life," through the justifying mercy of Osiris, the Divine Judge was as vividly present to the Egyptian mind as the dread of penal fires, and of that absolute destruction of the soul In the tormenting furnaces of Amenti, which it was held and taught awaited the incurably wicked beyond. ISRAEL AND EGYPT. Now, it was in the midst of this splendid Egypt, so full of faith and hope of a world to come, that the Israelites dwelt and suffered for four generations. And it is simply incredible that their visitors, the descendants of those patriarchs who were the sons of the Eternal God, lived under religious conditions which restricted their expectations to the present visible world No, they too " looked for a city that hath foundations, whose Builder and Maker is God," and the bad men among their des cendants looked for future punishment at least as vividly as the wicked Egyptians did. If in this life only the Israelites had hope in their God, who "livelh for ever and ever," they would have been despised as contemptible materialists by every common slave in Egypt, whose best hopes were firmly fixed on the blessed ness of the righteous, and the rest of the heavy laden with Osiria in the Iffe everlasting, set forth on every engraved tombstone by the Nile. I have dwelt somewhat on these facts, becar.se in England the knowledge of them is not yet ade quately popularized, yet is essential to the right reading of the books of Moses, still so much over laid by eighteenth century traditional ignorant and unbelief. Moreover, the establishment of this patriarchal faith in things unseen of both the Egyptians anil ibe Israelites is, I think, essential to the full understanding of the books of Moses. Now it was on this foundation of absolute faith in the survival of souls In death, common to both Egypt and Israel, that the popular belief in the possibility of necromancy or the function of the wizard was based in both nations. They came to believe, and, If we may judge by modern experiences of spiritualism, not wituont reason, that some of the souls departed could by certain arts be " brought up" to the world of living men out of Hades, Sheol, or the Amenti, and persuaded to tell them secrets of value hidden from the generality of mankind. In other words, there was an ancient system of Spirltalism analogous to that which has astonished civilized mankind specially during the past forty years-A system which is, moreover, treated as a reality In the Pentateuch Legislature, but which was tlien prohibited on pain of death. " There stall not be found among you a 'seeker to the dead,' for all who do these things are an abomi nation to Jehovah." "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live"-and a " witch" was a" wise woman," so called, who derived her knowledge fr«m some real communion with the evil spiritual world. Whereas in this great text in Deuteronomy God promises to bestow all knowledge necessary for the religious guidance of Israel by raising up " wise" living men and " prophets" on this side the veil, a line of prophets ending in the Incarnate Word and the Incarnate Life-" a prophet of your brethren, like unto Moses." Whereas guidance by the dead -by ghosts-could be only instruction by Daim mia or disobedient souls departed. Such was the law of Moses. THE PLACE OF THE DEPARTED. It is necessary now to add further, that in the Hebrew Scripture the abode of souls departed (the Amenti of the Egyptians) always bears the name of Sheol—a word often mistranslated grave in the Old Version, but happily left untranslated throughout the Revision, since it never once signifies the grave, but always the region of departed souls, the Hades of the Greeks, and the Amenti of the people on the Nile. This dark and silent region was con ceived of by Israel as bring as far below the surface of the world as Heaven is high above it. " It is high as heaven, what canst thou do? deeper than Sheol, what canst thou know?" says the prophet Amos. Sheol fAlls a much larger space in the Hebrew Bible than it does in Rking James's translation, when It is often absurdly translated the grave. Sheol was always rightly translated in the Septuagint Greek version of the Old Testament by Hades, which in Greek literature of all ages never represented the sepulchre, but always and everywhere, as in Homer, tbe subter reanean world of departed souls. The Greek translators of Alexandria, who well knew both languages, have imlformly rendered Rheol by Hades, and this last always represented to tbe Greeks the subterranean world of depirted spirits-never once the sepulchre. When, there fore. Jacob exclaimed, " I shall go down to sheol to my son mourning," he dtsimed to expfess his firm belief in the survival of Joseph's spirit in tbe under-world, as well as the survival of nis own In the days of Sinl and the early Kings we find departed souls, sas In the case of Samuel, speak of being "disquieted by being brought up" (1 Samuel xxvlli, LSI. In the Book of Proverbs its several author* apeak of the Repbaim (who are, as Dr. Puaoy declares, always tbe wicked dead) as being in the " depths of Sheol" (Proverbs ii. 18)-of a "descent from the harlot's house leading straight down to Sbeil, where are " the Bephaim"-thp wicked ghosts. Isaiah again personifies Shml as the King of Shades "rousing up the Repliaira" -the wicked Ein|(s-to meet the King of Babylon on his de'een' into the Abyss. And so in other places in the Old Testament. Hezekiah prays to be delivered from going down to the "Abyss" pre maturely-the common destiny of souls departed in the Old Testament times. Again, in the Old Testament times there Is no such expression as "going to heaven" employed in reference to the destination of the righteous souls in death. All alike expected to go down to Sheol, or Hades, or the " lower parts of the earth." But they speak of an upper and lower Sheol. And onr Lord in His teaching adopts the same expression. He places the soul of the " rich glutton" In the lower Hades or Sheol, divided by a "great chasm" from ttie upper Hades, which was " Abraham's Bosom" or " Paradise," in the popular phrase of the later Jews. The lower Sheol in the New Testament Is also called the Abyss from Abussos; the place into which the Daimonia of Gadera. prayed that Christ would not compel them to descend - the same word translated in the Apocalypse, "The Bottomless Pit." FROM HADES TO HEAVEN. But it must now be noted as a most important revelation-not only that all the Apostles teach that in death Christ Himself went to the "Para dise," or" Abraham's bosom," of the upp-r Hides, takinc the eoul of the dying malefactor with him, and there in the loner parts of the earth-as St. Peter teaches us--preaching glad tidings to some of the souls detained In Hade*, who had been "snme time disobedient** in the ancient iges of the world, but that after our Lord's resurrection and ascen eion to Heaven, we are taught, that a change took place in the destination in death of the depar- ing souls of the faithful, as Chrysostom explained In one of of his sermons in the Cathedral of Con stantinople in the fourth-entury, confirming there in a 'ound and unbroken tradition of the early Church. Onr Lord had prayed, before He suffered", that after His own ascension to heavenly glmry His people, whom " God had given Him," mighr," be with Him there" while awaiting their own resurrec tion," that they uoljbt behold (or contemplate) tbe glory wh'ch the Father had (riven Hltn" (John xviL 24). Accordingly we are taught by St. Paul that when Ohrl-t "descended into the lower parts of the earth He led c&ptivily; captive," and "loosed the prisoners" of Bades" when He died. We read also that "many bodies of the saints which slept arose (at that moment), and went Into the Holy City, and appeared unto many" (Matthew xxviL 62). Of whom we can only say 'hat " many" must signify a multitude; and that there "is no necessity to restrict the number of those raised saints to those bnried In Jerusalem, especially since they " entered into tbe city," while it is in possible to believe that they ever entered either Hades , or the sepulchre again. There Is, then, the nftnost probability that when our Lord ascended to heaven He took them invisibly wih Htin into glory,asthe "flnt (mite of the &->surrecilon," when, with Enoch and Elijah, they await His glorious return to the Dl-inet on which He died. Bat in conflruiatln of this primitive doctrine {dellored by 8b. Chrysantoini' and enforced with many authoritlesby Bishop Pearson In hw book on The Creed") tint cbante in the destination of godly souls dep rtini this Ufa was made at the time of theascen ionof Ch'ist. we have only to compare the recorded Scripture language of saintc depart ing befoie and after the ascensl'mot oar Lord. Up till Bis (esnrrection and ascension the picras dead had, tike Him, " descended into Hades," " into the lower parts of the earth" (Epb. Iv. 9), into the upper "Sheol"or Hades, the subterranean "Paradise," or "Abraham's Bosom." Jt was thither that "the soul of -the dying robber descended with his Saviour: "This day shale thoubB with Me in the Paradise." Bat after onr Lord's ascension to heaven, mark the striking difference in the language of dsing saints 1 There is no longer speech of "going down Into Hades." Stephen, who sees aloft a neavenly vision of Christ with his dying eyes, cries oat, "Lord Jesns, receive my spiritl" Soalso St. Paul, who "knew all mysteries, and bad been "canght up" into the new "Paradise," speaks of being "absent from the body,"bat "present with the Lord;" and of its being "far better to depart," because that was to be " with Chriat." Apollos again (In all probability the writer of the Epistle to the believing Hebrews) says that " we are come to the Mount Zion, the heavenly Jeru salem, and to the spirits of righteous men per fected." In the Apncilypie finally the spirits of the martyrs are "under the altar," in heaven, or " stand b fore the throne clothed in white robes." " Therefore are thsy before the throne of God, sod serve him day and night in Hls tomple. and be that sltteth on the throne shall dwell among them." Huch, then, being the divine prohibition of all attempts to communicate with departed souls under the law, sanctioned by the penalty of capital punishment, and Bach being the evidence of a chfrnge' at Christ's ascension In the destination of holy SOUIB in death, who now ate " present with the Son," it remains only that any supposed intercourse with human spirits departed this life cannot be really intercourse with saints departed, but must be, if there be any reality at all in it, only a commerce with earthly souls nn glorified, or with mightier evil spirits personating the dead. Anyway, the attempt at sach "com muning with the dead" was forbidden under ti e law, for a reason which is indeBnitely stronger under the gospel. And tbla leads to the chief matter coi>ca'nad in tlii* discussion. WHAT D3ES SPIRITUALISM PORTEND J The ronton of the prohibition sgaost necro mancy, or seeking to the de,d for infurm&tlnn;, guidance, or comfort, Is supported by the promise that God won'd " raise up" tolsrael, on this side the veil, prophes," or inspired men, who should afford them all the supernatural guidance they required, both la life and in death, a promise embracing the line of prophets who ministered to the supernatural needs of Israel under the law, and culminating fn that great pro phet-the Messiah-" who hath the keys of Hades and of death " He will "tell us all things what He has heard of His Father." thereby dispensing with and prohibiting all endeavours to communi cate with the dead by the old forbidden arts of necromancy or witchcraft. Ood has given us on this side the veil, by His inspired messengers, all the information Be designs that we should have respecting the secrets of the onseen, and this by a line of prophets, speaking from the mouth, and by the Spirit of the Lord, and, lastly, by His Son. Henceforth there is no need to yield to the tempta tion of consulting souls departed, or of attempting to rend the veil from the bottom by the aid of spirits malign and apostate from God. And just as in past ages every grand crisis in the world's history and each correspond ing fresh revelation of redeeming mercy in its Bucce>sive dispensations bos-as in the time of Moses and Jin the time of Christ beBn accompanied' by some concurrent out break of Satanic activity In the line of false revelations, eo now the strange and world-wide spread of the phenomena of spiritualism probably indicates, along with the treat missionary revival, the near approach of oneof tl*e great secular epochs in the history of the spiritual world-I refer to the expected establishment of trnth in religion, and jnstice in life and in government over the world, when the Lord Himself shall descend from heaven with the Rhout of victory to their armies in pieces like a potter's vessel, and to establish in their room His everlasting kingdom, for "the dominion, and the kingdom, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall th«n be given to t he people of the saints of the most Hicb"-thealrshall beclearedof infernalsplrits -Jacob'i vision of the flight of golden steps to the gate of heaven sha'i be realized in open communica tion between this world and the Universe; while the "power of the air"shall be vested in good men glorified and their immortal King. And then shall open a new era for the nations, for righieousneni', and vrith It peace shall reign from pole to pole; when, an says Isiiah, " the pale moon shall blush, and the sun be ashamed, because Jehovah Himself, in g-eat«r splendour than theirs, shall reign over the earth, and before His ancient people gloriously " 