A REAL SLICE OE LEGE. TOLD BY AN EX -DETECTIVE. It was the height of the season atMiddleh&mp-; ton-on-Sea, when I fouud myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary ia brain and 1 body. I turned my back on the din and turmoil of Londou for a fortnight. As I sat in the treiu withmy wife and family. x vuuuuh x uau eiiiereu upon a iiew er<& oi iny life. 1 seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation r. se froin ray shoulders; for fourteen blissful day6 w.-re my own. without the fear of bsiug rung up at untimely hours. I bad done for the nonce «-iib stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of some miscreant, or, what is ofteu just as tedious, tracking a thief iu the guise of a geutlem&n; from hotel to hotel. I remember on one occasion playing a game of hidetand-eeek with oun of this class, who led me a pretty dance. "Wherever I put in an appearance, he had just disappeared, and sever empty-handed ; but at last 1 ran him to earth at an hotel where a number of rich Americans were staying, and lauded my fiBb, who gave in, like the common-bred article he was, the moment I hooked him. But this is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep tion &tMiddlehampton-on-Sea.; The laudlaay doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that sort, aud I flattered myself that in mv brand-new tweed suit and straw hat the last thing people would take me for was an officer connected with the detective depart ment. The tide of humanity seemed to me to be almost as wonderfal as the tide of the ocean. There were, as a communicative beachman told me, 44 tons of visitors " present. Tbey crowded the Esplanade ; they strolled and mooned about the High-street in hundreds, and pickled them selves in the briny in shoals. Being a sociable animal, 1 generally drop into toe coffee-room of an hotel to eojov a glass, a smoke, and a chat before going to bed, and ia accordance with my custom, I strolled into the Norfolk, where I found a number of sea captains ashore, a few shipowners, and perhaps half a dozen focal tradesmen, hat no rimtore. I felt disappointed, and thinking that 1 had hit upon wrung ptAool'«tup(i«<2 dty gis8sauuwas pre paring to go, when there lounged into the room a tall, gentlemanly man He was well and neatly dressed, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted him Iflre a pair of gloves. There was about him the air of an independent man who was killing time, and found that even an exertion and a bore. H2b cheek-bones were a tittle too high, his mouth too large, and his eyes too close to each other for my liking ; but Nature turned as ont of a variety of moulds, aud the man we dislike at first Bight often carries a heart as true and honeel as sterling gold. It was evident that the new-comer was ex pected. The local tradrnmeu nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the "Shipping Gazette," and the sea captains forgot to talk wind and weather. In a few minutes I gathered that toe gentle man rejoiced in the aristocratic name of De Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. He was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his confidence. Mr Box, the landlord of the hotel, bowed down before him, and the frequenters of the room hung on his very words, and not witboutreason, for Mr De Csnx had been everywhere and knew every body. He had hobnobbed with Ministers of the Crown, and might h ave sat in Poriiamen t ba t for the fact that he had takes an oath sot to meet & rayf"1 ; and he had come to Middlehamp ton-on-Sea for qaiet and rest before starting on a long journey in his steam yacht, which, he stated, was then nnderrepairs. I listened in amazement, not eo much that the man should talk in this strain, but that othere who had travelled the world over should believe one-half what be said. The character was not new to me. I had met many such a fellow, who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the- way place to astonish the natives and leave a record behind him. The habitues of the snug coffee-room treated xne civilly enough, hut in comparison to Mr De Caux I was a mere nonentity. By some means or other the conversation turned upon "banks and hanking. Box, the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of theL S— W should only bo open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. 44 1 get so sick of it," he said, flourishing a long pipe, 44 that very often I don't trouble to bank for weeks, especially at toe height of the season, when I can t call a moment my own until late in the evening. Just6tep round and see what my bars are like. You'll find 'em crammed with visitors, end I ought to be there now, but"— bowing deferentially to Mr De Caux — 44 since yon have come among ub, I can't resist the temptation of enjoying an hour in toe society you have been good enough to give uC 44 Why don't you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before them?" demanded the great De Caux. 44 1 would. No doubt, Mr Box. you have often Urge sums of money iu your house ?" 44 1 should think I have 1 4Why, at the present moment — - Good evening, MrTreller." Mr Treller was the superintendent of the polioe — a tout. burly man, blessed with a large bald head, staring eyes, and a painfully wheezy voice. . t Mr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, changed chatiseo that he might sit at his side, end ordered Mr Box to fill a glass with some thing whioh the superintendent seemed par ticularly partial to, for on its being supplied, he emptied the glass at a gulp and set it down. This feat seemed to Mr De Caux's mind quite a work of art, and the landlord's servioea were again called into requisition. Again the subject changed, and this tone with regard to the number of police employed at Middlehampton-on-Sea, With a grunt, which Mr Treller meant for a laugh, he was good enough to inform us that the country authorities considered four men sufficient to protect six thousand souls while they walked abroad or tieptin their beds. 44 You see, " he said, in that awful voice of his, "we are all honest here; and as to the visitors, I h&v;'n't had a serious charge for years. Occasionally we get a drunken excurs ionist, but— boh ! — that is nothing, ' And so they talked and drank and laughed until Mr Jlox reluctantly told us that eleven o'clock had come, and that all but lodgers in the house muBt deport. I was the first to go, aud as I walked in the moonlight to my lodg ings, I laughed at what I had seen and heard. Perhaps it was just as well that MrRox and his customers were bo simple-minded ; hut I could not quite understand Mr Superintendent Treller, and 2 name to toe conclusion that had Mr De Caux liked, he could have wormed out of him a good deal of information, which, if perhaps not exactly official, might prove ex tremely useful to an anscrnpuloos man. Early nextmorelng I met Mr De Caux. "We bathed from adjoining machines, and be, recog. nieing me, hoped that he would havs the honor of my company in the evening, which— save toe honor— I stated he would undoubtedly have Now it was no business of mine to make my self known to Mr Treller. Had I chose I could hav« done so, but my zoiad was not so bent. Iu the first place, I was on leave, and a tree lance, and, secondly, I was not convinced that Treller— who was about ae fit for his post as a log of wood— wonld sot hist mysteriously at what 1 wob, aud render the remainder of my holidays extremely uncomfortable. For I must tell you that when a detective is at play there is as much difference in him as Philip' drunk and Philip sober He drops 44 shop " as be drops a hot coal, and it is with a growing despair in his heart that he counts the days to the one when he mast again pick up the thread which leads so unfortunately to the dock and prison. The day passed pleasentlyenough, and after a late dinner (we were quite genteel at Middle- baropton-on-8ea) I wandered about the esplan ade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazing at a mile or so of flat sand and sea weed, it Btrock me that I should be wasting time in seeing whet the town away from the High-street was like. But for one tiling I was not repaid for my trouble. The thoroughfares were narrow, and the dwellings mostly small. The houses were full enough now, but I pictured to myself what (bey would be like in a few weeks' time, when sorrowing landl&dieB; sat in the hack kitchens listening to the howling of the wind as it swept the desolate shore, and wishing that it was always summer, and visitors did not migrate with the regularity of swallows. a v old sign stretching half a acrosB one of the streets at-racted my notice. The house to which it w&s; attached had gables, which hung frowningly over likeboavy eyebrows; the door was arched, and )e?t people should pace it heed lessly by, the proprietor had caused to be painted nn if Hie inscription, 44 The Old White Bear. Good entertainzneafc for man sad beat. " I was pondering on toe age and history of the house, when the curiouply-6haj>d door opened and a man stepped cautiously out, and in spite of a soft felt hat pulled wll over his eyes, I recognised the celebrated Mr De Caux. Of course, he had ae much rielit to explore the interior of The Old White Bear as 1 bad to (jtorn in tlu' exterior, yet it struck me as rather strange that so distinguished & personage should find his way there. He did in it. notice me, but walked swiftly toward the Hii'h -street, and no pocnerwas fie out of rght thou I stepped intothehoEtelry— or, rather. L should t-ay, 1 fell ia : for, not noticing that two steps had to be negotiated, I went a Tush against th» counter. "Vponmy word." I said to the grinning landlord, "I ought to apologise for startling you. " " Oh, " he replied, 44 we get used to that sort of thing. My ouly hope is that you have not hurtyourse'f. I thiuk I must have the floor raised level with the read. " 41 And high time," I rejoined, laughing. ' Yc;l, thank goodneFB no barm is done; so draw iu? a good glass of ale, and I'll sit down and forget that 1 have had a shaking. " ' Won'tyouwalkioto the parlor ?" inquired the landlord. 44 You will fiud it less draughty than sitting here. " I accepted his invitation, and on entering the room found myself in the presence of two men. The moment I appeared tney rose to depart; but befcr tbey ha d time to pass out of toe door, I had taken stock of thern. The contrast be tween them was great. One was short, thick set, with arms out of proportion to his height; the other was tali, slim, th in-featured, and sham bling in his gait. 41 1 suppose," said I, as the landlord brought in the ale on a tray, 4 ! at you are not much troubled with visitors t " 4 'Tbey drop in and rvt. " he replied; 41 but I don't take much noticn oi them. The two just left are strangers to me. You see, sir, I depend on the uihabitautsfor my living, and the seasons don't make much difference to my trade. " 44 1 ran against another fellow as I was coming in/' I said, 44 and I fancied I had seen him somewhere. " 44 Most likely. He went into the parlor, and got into conversation with the others, as people will do at the seaside. For my own part, l scarcely ever leave my house, save on Sunday af ternoon, when I take a stroll for my health's 6ake ; so it is not likely that I take much notice of people who come and go. " I drank up my ale and wandered back to the busy part of the town. What I had seen set me thinking. I remembered what Mr Box, of toe Norfolk, had said about keeping a great deal of money in the house, and I meditated on the popularity of Mr De Caux, who had set up his altar ia too smoking-room Uo people to now down to. 44 Come, come," said I; 44 this won't do. I am down here to enjoy myself and mind my own business. What an aae I am to fret and fume about people I have never seen before 2 It is quite within too bounds of possibility that I have been spotted by a constable in private clothes, so I will let Mr De Caux go hu own way, and I will go mine." It woe just nine o'clock when I approached the Norfolk.- Sounds of hilarity floated from the half open window. Mr De Caux was telling one of his famous stories, and had 44 set thie table on a roar." Mr Superintendent Treller was in a painful state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, his fat sides shook, and every now and then he kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to have a fit 44 1 assure you it is true," said HrDe Caux, 44I saw it with my own eyes." A perfect shriek went up at this, and MrRox was so overcome that he bit off toe end of his pipe and narrowly escaped swallowing it I concluded that, by bring a little late, I had lost a good thing. Every body said so, too, and I had to be content with listening to the story second-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it was as truthful as the punishment of the man in the moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I pretended to tough with the nest, and Mr De Caux was in such good humor that he insisted on the glasses being refilled, not only once, hut twice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr Treller got exceedingly mellow, and volunteered to sing a song, whereupon the landlord fled in disamay, ana the rest of the company coughed behind their hands. As I was passing out, Mr De Caux stopped me in the doorway. 44 1 have taken a fancy to you," he said. 4 4 You have not said very much, "but I know a man of the world when 1 see one. Now," he added, lookinget oeoutof the corner of his eyes, 4tI should say that yon either hold or did hold a commission in toe army." < You flatter my appearance, ' I responded. 44To the best of my knowledge, I have sever dr&vn; a sword in my life." 44 Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely yon have beeu in some official capacity r" " I am afraid I know more oi pickles and jams than what you are talking about." 44 1 don't care what you ore," he replied, pressing my hand warmly. 44 1 have taken a liking to yon, and that is enffident. Hang it, what does it signify how areas gets his living so long as he is a man? Will you gc for a drive with me in the morning?" 44 With the greatest of pleasure," I said— and 2 meant it Little did he or I think what sort of drive we were to take, and how advantageous it was to prove to one of us. That night I slept hat little, and when I did my dreams were of such a troubled nature that in the morning I found myself, unretreshed and with a singing inmyeare which promised to develop into as nasty a headache as ever man 1 was afflicted with. I don't know what possessed me, but as soon as I had goue through toe farce of breaking my fast, I stepped over to the post-offioe, and wired the description of Hr De G&ux; to the chief : then in charge of the 44 Yard." The clerk who took (he message was visibly affected as he counted the number of words. The pencil jumped about the paper like the indicator of a telegraph instrument. 44 IT. attend to this myself," heeaid. 41 Will you wait one minute, sir ? I should like to have a word with you." In a few minute he returned, and leaning over the counter, said : 44 Perhaps you don't know that a burglary was commited at the Norfolk last night. The thieves broke open the safe, stole all toe mosey, and then had the audacity to enter a gentle man's bedroom, and not only walked off with his watch and chain, but a Gladstone hag con taining jewellery and valuables to & considerable amount." A loug course of training and experience had taught me never to betray astonishment, hut on this occasion I think X must have done so, for I found myself clutching attheedge of the counter with one hand and rubbing my throat with the other. 44 Indeed," I said. 44 Well, send the reply over to the Norfolk. I will go there at once." . On the doorstep stood poor Mr Box, De Caux and Superintendent Treller. Rox was as pale as a ghost, Treller looked perfectly greasy with perspiration, and De Caux was laying down the law in no measured style. 1-:',. 44 A nice thing this is forme!" he Was say ing. "Idon'tcsresosnaehahouttoe value of the things, but they ware, seorty all heirlooms. There was a mourning-ring which I would not have parted with for twice a hundred pounds. Why the deuce," Ire added, turning furiously. .txpofiRox, " don't you have your ride window fitted with shutters? Any boy with a putty knife could foroe back such a fastening." Mr Box remained silent. Speech had altuort failed him since the disooverv of his loss. The burglars had entered the house by a window under the archway, and entering the office, had made a dean sweep of everything worth taking. The safe, a vary old one, had given the burglars but little trouble, and & trifle over two hundred pounds had been extracted. The watch! ess and heirioozaless De Caux ap peared to he half mad with grief and rage 44 This," said he, 44 comes of carrying my -heart on my sleeve. ThiB is the result of talking before strangers. Oh, the fool I have made of myself!" Just then I espied the telegr: r>h boy, and met him half way. To tear off ti huff cover and read the contents of the message was but the work of a moment : 44 The man ia wasted. Detain him." That was enough for me. I strolled calmly back, with my hands in my pockets, and bum ming the air of a popular tune. Treller now stood alone in the doorway, and I beckoned to him 14 1 haven't time to talk to you or anybody.' he wheezed. 4,Pray don't bother me. My men are Bcouring tbe country, and I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard." 44 1 have saved you. the trouble by doing so, 2 said. 44 You !" The color died out of Mb face, and he tilted backwards on his beris. 44 Yes. Pardon me, Mr Treller, but I think yon have lost your head. Step up to the station and bring a pair of handcuffs. I have more than ample reason for remaining here. My name is Y , and I have been connected with tbe detective department for more than twenty years." Mr Treller ran— yes, he actually ran— for the first time in tbe memory of living man. Tradesmen rushed to their ehop-doors and him in open-mouthed amazement, aud the wig of the place promptly put itabouttbat toe fujj-rintendent bad started training for tbe tpor'.i' advertised to take place in a week's time. 1 entered the hotel, aud ff.und De Caux in earneft conversation with the landlord. 41 1 consider," smti the fouler, 44 that you have been greatly to blame, aud it will be my duty to bring an action against you, Fader tbe circumstances, it would be idle of me to stay here, so I win go to Loudoo, and return in a few days,'" "Business calls me to town," I remarked, 44 eo perhaps you will not mind travelling with me. I stepped iu to sympathise with you 44 Pray don't," DeCaux interposed, waving his hand, J44 Well, welli Ex emu my brusque- ness, but you cannot toll bow upset i am." " Just then Superintendent Treller came back. He was melting like butter in the sun. I gave him a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give l)e Caux time to pack up the rest of his belong ings. The moment he went up stairs I drew tbe superintendent aside. ,4 1 have altered my mind," I said, 44 At present I have no real clue to who the man is, so 1 intend to shadow him in the hope of drop ping on his companions with the swag. Give me too handcuffs, aud wire to Horsiord for a constable to meet me at tbe station in cose 2 sbnuld need Mb assistance." The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions he was in & kind of dreamy state, and could only hope that I would be successful. Half an hour later De Caux aud I were cn oar way to Loudon. At the terminus we partel, but not for lon. No sooner was he in one hansom than I was in another. Tbe driver knew me, and took the bint at once when I said Follow." For the best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of London, until the hansom containing De Caux bowled into a road flanked with neat viUas and came to a stop. 44 Pull round sharp," I said, pushing up the trap; 4 I have seen enough. Now drive me to H street station.' A dozen words with the inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clotues under my direction. De Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe ss if held in a vice with a giant at the handle. All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o'clock a girl dressed as a servant oat for the evening left toe house. She was "fol lowed by a 44 shadow," who reported that she had left a note at a house in J street, and had then taken a tram car for toe northern part of Londou. Opposite Mr he Caux's villa was on empty f bouse, and thws I and my assistants watched and waited. Mfrfoightoaae, and then outwent the lights on bhebthet ride. X had begun. to tbink that nothing would come of our patience, when the sound of wheeVs broke upon my ears. A four-wheeled cab cane joltiog slow, to my great j oy stopped, at the suspected House. A-'- Two men stepped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went 4 boldly up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened I and my men darfryj across the road. Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling followed, hut toe fight ended entirely in our favor, and. I had the satisfaction of escorting toe famed De Caux and tbe two men I had met at the old White Bear to the station. The 44swag " was almost intact, and the des pair nf the prisoners unique. - I need not enlarge on what followed, bet V explain briefly that De Caux, whose name afterwards transpired to be a very common one indeed, was nothing more nor lees than the pioneer of a clever gang of burgta. The 44 put up" job at Mid dlehsmpton on- Sea was one of the cleverest I had ever to deal with. Do C&ux;, as I w£U cail him, Lt the : . burglars in, and while they wrie at work went calmly back tobed. To keep uptoe partite was playingi his accomplices wMked ofi ' c'v his watdi and chain aad Gladstone bag, which, >-4 however, did not rontainh valuable mounting ;T3-. ring, or anything of value. Mr Box got toe mostpart of his money back, -T and spent a portion of it in having Mb windo ws better protected, and Idon't nnBg rayfng thst . i: : he did not forget your humble servant. > It was, indeed, a real slice of luck sBxound, :> save to poorlkallsr. . ,r.n\ i i That unhappy man never got over howrhe . had been taken in. The notion that be .had .-V;i hohnodded and made friends with a notorious v rascal waexaare than he conld stand, andafter ' short time he "handed his papers inland retired. It was time he did so; tmhiflamamt H mistaken, ao iar as sharpness goes, X foortost MlA Tana ftfVWIIfl ffAt A v+innt./— .V'.tS " Weekly Budget." i"' 