POINTS. Fon olicap propuid advertisements see our , special — thrco. insertions of lo words for one. r shilling An invitation. : /Tho Telegraph mnuclimo room is opon to visitors 'every day .between tho hours of 12 and 1 p.m., when our, two " Hoe rotary" macumcs can bo seon at work, printing, fold ing, cutting, pasting, registering, and delivering papers m bundles of 21, -at tlio rato of 20,000 . por hour. - Have you soon to-day's illustrated Week? Six portraits . and .pioturos of tho Carcoar tragedy aro published ui it. They aro good .-. pioturos, too. Otm first supply was quiokly sold' out: Bettor hurry up and seouro your extra copies early. Tub Joint Bndgcsaud Formes Board-wiCS to. havo yielded up tho ghost yesterday but thou-, decease did not come off. . The board havo beon endeavouring to set thoir house in order before shuffling off, but . they seem unable to reach tlio final stago. That steam punt difficulty keeps, bobbing up awkwardly every niiw and then. The charges made by Aid. Watson at the City Council somo timo ago that oertain mem bers of tho board were . interested in tho punt . woro repeated yesterday. ; Even "Willie Stephens is beginning to think " there is something in it." ' I thore is something in it, why is it that nobody seems to boaUo.orwilliiig.togebitoutV AT.almost evory meeting something orops up whioh forces tho Mayor to clour out in haste. The prcsidont is also catching tho infeotion and occasionally runs off as if ho had forgottou something at home, leaving the board in the laroh. At - tho rate of progress mado yesterday the Houso will, not come neur tho end of tho suasion next week.. Aid tho sitting was spent in dealing with - three votes for tho Minos Department. Tub members for Charters Towers mado the most serious charges against thrco publio ofii- oertinthat town, which they must nowprqvo to . the hilt, or apologise. It is not enough for members, undor the privilege of the House, to mako grave charges against men who oannot reply, and then leave it for somebody else to prove whether they are trooor false. . . If what they say is truo the offiaers in ques tion should not ho allowed to remain in the servioo 24 hours. If it is not true, the members' dismissal from the House ought to he as prompt. \- The Railway Department is next on the estimates, and it is rumoured that a good deal is going to ho said about a certain dismissal at Maryborough. Up to yesterday's date 50 cases of measles had been reported to tho local authority for the shiro of Ithaca. This president informed the council that in no caso had there boon any nocessity for the provision of a doctor by them. Ithaca is blessed very mnoli in the matt or of pigs, goats, and Chinumen'6 gardens. Last month 93 unregistered goats were slaughtered, and removed at a cost of about £9 2s. Don't forgot to tako tho Week home with you to-night. It was complained to a suburban local authority tho other day that an old lady living in a hut with a nUmbor of dogs was a nuisance to a oertain Stato school. Tub inspector having inspected the place reported four registered dogs, and statod that, "by looking through a ore vice in the hoards (of the hnt) the smell from the dogs was vory strong and unpleasant." Aiwmt what haa ocourod since yesterday morning's boil over at the (polioo court, sub- inspoctorB need no longor wonder "what is happening latoly." Mb. Dawson will ask to-day, Is it the inten tion of the Attorney- General to assert tho right of the Crown to all royal metals which have been taken and are at present being taken from trochoids V The senior member for Charters Towors will alsoinqaire (1) Has the ease, tho Attorney- General r. the Day Dawn Blook und Wynd- ham Gold Mining Company, Limited, boon sottled ? (2) If so, what ure tho terms of such settlement P Cheapest paper in thooolonies — the. Week, 32 pages, 6 illustrations, ouly 3d. Portraits of the victims of the Carcoar tragedy ure published in the Week to-day. The representative pair from Gympio dis agreed as to whether memhors of tho Miners' Union or of tho Mine Managers' Association were as a whole hotter acquainted with mining. Mb. Sicyth said that anyone oould he a member of tho Miners' Union, provided he psid ths subscription, Pioturos of Bertio Glusson, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips, Miss Cavanagh, Miss Stoddart, and tile Carcoar Bank, wlioro tho recent terrible toogedy occurred, appear in to-dny's issue of the Week. The festive Hamilton is tho bete-noir of a seotion of the Proas just now. It is impossible apparently to find language strong' enough for fits- condemnation. "What about tho bard case referred to by the Towers members last night f If they are are right, tbe Colonial Secretary and the Minister for Mines should settle the matter between them before another oppor- - tunity is given for roforring to it. : It is ton had that a disagreement botweon two departments about the merits of an officer of both should load to u double appointment. The reported retirement of old station- masters in tho southern division is news to the Railway Department. In 1892 tbe number of letters posted in Queensland was 13,833,051 ; newspapors num bered 7,508,216, and packets 2,290,611. Six splendid illustrations of persons and places connected with the torriblobank tragedy at Carboor last week appear in tho Week to day. 