THE NEW BISHOP. CONSECRATION OF DR DELANY. A SOLEMN AND IMPRESSIVE CERE MONY. When the Catholic Church, after mature consideration, decides to add anew dignitary to her hierarchy, she is careful to surround the ceremony of his installation with every solemn observance that can attest the importance of his future position, can impress his own mind with ■ the seriousness of his responsibilities, and sanctify his authority in the eyes of those over whom he is to exercise ecclesiastical jurisdiction. These motives had full exemplification yester day, when, at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, the learned, able, and popular Dr Delany, long known and greatly respected as secretary to the Bishop of Ballarat, was consecrated as Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart. The -ceremony of induction was performed by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Most Reverend Dr Carr, assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Moore, and the Coadjutor Bishop of Bendigo, Dr Reville; while a number of distinguished prelates and priests were also present. Included amongst these were—The Archbishop of Hobart, the Most Rev. Dr Murphy; the 3ishop of Sale, Dr Corbett; the Rev. Dr Barry, V.G. of Bendigo; Fathers O’Dowd, M’Elligott, Shanahan, Mead, and Barrett, of the Ballarat diocese; Fathers O’Connell, ' Walsh, -and Nelan, of the diocese of Melbourne; Dean Beechinor, Archdeacon Hogan, and Fathers Hen neberry and O’Regan, of the diocese of Hobart; while the laity were represented by— The Hon. N. Fitzgerald, Knight of St. Gregory and Pius; Dr Kenny, Knight of St Gregory; Mr Jas. Coghlan, Knight of St. Gregory; D. Brophy, Knight of St. Gregory; and the Hon. E. 0. M’Devitt. The spacious cathedral was crowded to excess. At half- past 10 o’clock the carriages drew up at the cathedral, bearing Archbishop Carr, Archbishop Murphy, Bishops Moore, Corbett, and Reville, and Dr Delany. Precisely at 11 o’clock a procession of acolytes and priests issued from the sacristy to the sanctuary, fol lowed by bishops in full canonicals. Arch bishop Carr, the consecrating prelate, was fol lowed by Dr Delany, having Bishop Moore on his right and Bishop Reville on his left. After a short prayer before the high altar, Archbishop Carr ascended the throne and vested for mass, Dr Delany pro ceeding with Bishops Moore and Reville to the table on the right, which was especially prepared for him. He there vested in cope, and was re-conducted by the assisting bishops into the presence of Archbishop Carr on the faldstool. Bishop Moore in a Latin formula then asked the archbishop to proceed with the consecration. The latter asked if the Papal mandate was to hand. Receiving a reply in the affirmative he ordered it to be produced and read, whereupon Dean Hoyne stepped forward and read in a loud and distinct voice a Latin brief addressed by Pope Leo to “ Our Dear Brother, Patrick Delany,” &c.;, authorising him to proceed to his consecration at the hands of any bishop in communion with the holy see whom he might choose. At the conclusion of the brief the archbishop addressed some pertinent questions in Latin to Dr Delany in regard to the articles of Catholic faith to be held and the duties to be exercised in the episcopal ministry. At the conclusion of these questions both began the mass together, and at the close of confession Archbishop Carr ascended to the high altar, Dr Delany withdrawing along with Drs Moore and Reville, to the altar in his own chapel, where he simultaneously went on with the portion of the mass up to the conclusion of the epistle. He then came again before Arch bishop Carr, and after a short prayer, recited aloud by the latter, he prostrated himself, all the bishops kneeling, while the Litany of the Saints was being recited. At the close of the Litany the Book of the Gospels was laid upon his shoulders. Then took place the insposition of bands by the consecrating and assisting bishops, who used the words “ Receive the Holy Ghost.” Afterwards the rite of anointing the head and palms of the hands with chrism was proceeded with, and then the ring was blessed and put on his finger. The crozier was committed to the new bishoj), and finally the Book of the Gos pels was put into his hands. Dr Delany then rose consecrated, and re ceived from the bishops the kiss of peace. He proceeded again to his own altar, and continued simultaneously with the archbishop the mass to the conclusion of the offertory. Returning, he presented the archbishop with two lighted torches, two loaves (one gilt and one silvered), and two small barrels of wine, likewise silvered and gilt. From this forth both bishops continued the mass at the same altar, partaking of the communion of the same sacred species. After Archbishop Carr had given the usual blessing at the close of mass, Dr Delany received the mitre and gloves, and was solemnly enthroned by the bishops, who now retired, leaving him on the episcopal seat. The hymn, “Te Deum,” was intoned, and, while it was being sung, Dr Delany, accompanied by Bishops Moore and Reville, went down the centre of the church, imparting the episcopal benediction to the congregation. On returning, the newly consecrated bishop went through the ceremony known as Ad Multos Annos, and then, while reciting the Gospel of St. John, Archbishop Carr and he withdrew to the sacristy for a short space to put off their Pontifical vest ments. Thus was the impressive ceremony concluded. ' 