®ntmb0. Hot. Ulsteria. " Caste." Circus on March 11. A last-ing settlement. Co operative wineries. A sole cure for strikes. Governor at Willunga. Orange Kane whizzing. Money-lenders' crisis in Portugal. Railway revenue not very cheering. Barometer at noon to-day was 30'00. McCarthyite elected for North Meath. Still knocking at the Government door. Treasurer haa heard of Port Julia Jetty. Is a booze a cure for a " pounded head Professor Richards pacified his creditors. Concert to-night at Semaphore Rotunda. Anglicans sitting down at Happy Valley. With sentiment 3 Jury have nothing to do. Big temperance meeting on Saturday oiiht. Boot trade needs no compulsory conciliation, A wise man changes his mind ; a fool never. Mr. Smith and the S.M. had a little set too. Queensland terribly in earnest after Adelaide trade. A Commoner made Governor of New South Wales. Mild form of influenza is spreading in thir colony. Swagsmen "on the wallaby" troublesome ad Quorn. Glenelg Anglicans in search of a first-class parson. " Caste" is redolent of quiet wit and refine! earcasm. Scott, of Moonlight, has invented an elevator. Are our railways once more under political influence? A storm in a teapot at the Police Court yesterday. The smallest act of charity shall stand us in great stead. Patience is a grtat necessary qualifioation for business. Mr. Lane, of Block 14, has met with a pain ful accident. Every good picture IB the beBt of sermons and lectures. Vanity is the sin, and affectation is the puniehment. Railway Freta generously discusses our railway returns. Knowledge without integrity ia dangerous and dieadfuL Lecture on " The Scottish Covenanters" at Norwood to night. The fruit of. the nutmeg-tree takes nint monthB to mature. Mr. Robert William Duff, M.P., succeeds the Earl of Jersey. Affection is the organising force in the human constitution. Young Tom Vaughan had better leave home and lead a better life. The P.D. successfully ghosted a member of a Sports Committee. Nearly £1,000 has been sent to Rrgistcr for Queensland bufferers. A ttuipirance apostle dropped in upon the - viuegrowers' meeting. Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, founs our true honour. Aqnatic concert at Glenelg to-night. Cheap trainB and cheap trips. . A reduced Bank rate ia a reflection upon our commercial enterprise. Hon. Dr. Cockburn will be among the Democrats on Sunday night. The chirp of the cricket is produced by rubbing its legs together. Sir Henry Parkes spoke a good word for Mr. Ednie Brown, retrenched. An unnatural son, a hasty father, a fond mother, and a reasonable Jury. Let me not have shameful prosperity, nor wealth tbat stings tbe oonsoienoe. It is very rarely that the urbane Chief Secretary forgets what is due to others. Sir John unconsciously usurped the functions of the Railway Commissioners. The manner of giving shows the character of the giver more than the gift itself. Sun rose at 5.44 am. ; sets at G.43 p.m. Moon rose at noon; sets at 10.40 p.m. An innovator would like to see family bathing parties become a recognised institution. " The old woman had been knocked about, so I gave her a booze and had one myself, "j Hindmarsh Mayor and Councillors have not yet settled down into the happy family condition. London banker charged with fraud suiciied, and Italian deputy also charged with fraud died. Narracoorte postmistress finds out that she cannot resent slanders if used in the way of business. Baron de Lissa busy with the Rajah Gaslight. The City Fathers undecided about electric lighting. C. J. Stevens, the musician, on the Jury listening to tbe unmelodious voices of a lot of peripatetic boozers. Mr. Smith fancied His Worship did not know what he was saying. Mr, Smith severely reprimanded. " Shocked" relates a Bad case of a girl oF about fourteen years of age being made hopelessly drunk in Adelaide. The young man Weakley in the felonious assault ca«e yesterday was the hero of the vitriol case with Selina Cocking. Chief Secretary Downer will advise tbat black diamonds be carried for a halfpenny a ton per mile. Where's Smith ? "Much of the success of the Bootmakers' Conciliation Board is due to Mr. Alexander Dowie, who is a very fair man." The hint by "Crumbs" to the Friendly Societies for a Church parade in aid of Queensland sufferers to be aoted on. A legal Sootchman says Scotchmen can stand a good deal of whisky; another Soot alleges that it iB too strong for him. " Some of our men were pig-headed, and we had some difficulty in getting conciliation into their heads at the start."—Mr. Barnett. The jeremiad about the falling off of trade, to common among*business people, is not to be found in the report of the Adelaide Co-operative Society. Interest'"g interview with {Mr. Wilson, the dairy expert, in this morning's Register Victoria exported £400,000 of butter since October last. " We do not want any State interference in our matters," so say the bootmaker*. The- Hon. R. C. Baker agrees; bat what about the other bakers? This morning our printer makes Mr. Darlot say no one regrets it who went to Western Australia with "cattle." Of course the word should be " capital." Melbourne is greatly interested in a wonderful lapse of memory case. The physiological fact has been employed by W. Clark Russell in "John Holdsworth, Mate," Mid Aloneon a Wide, Wide Sea," the latter published in the Journal recently. "Pessimists ascribe all ruin to racingthere have not been six men reined in Australia by legitimate raoiug, while land-booming, market-rigging, share-booming, betting, and card-playing have ruined thousands. Racing, carried on correctly, is freer from the foul taint of corruption than many of the mer- cantile transactions that take place daily in our midst. Sufficient to say thai had the same games been attempted on a racecourse that have happened in institutions in Melbourne the perpetrators would long ago have been rubbed out for life."—Yuille & Co. OBIT.—This 23rd day of February is the 127th anniversary of the death of Stanislaus L, the deposed King of Poland, who made hisfinal exit in 17C(i at the advanced age of eighty-nine. And how did he die? Not by the sword. Not by the axe of the executioner. Not on the field of battle. Not by plagae, pestilence, or famine. Not by the hand of theassassin. Not by senility. O no. He had witnessed the convulsions that shook his unhappy country to its centre^ and •arrived them all. Charles XIL of Sweden having conquered Poland in 1704, caused. Stanislaus to be crowned at Warsaw, bnt when Charles was defeated in 1709 Stanislausfled. On the death of his suooessor, Frederick Augustus, he did his levd best to regain his crown ; but the intrigues of. Germany land Russia prevailed against him, and compelled him wain to "flee from the snare of tl» fowler. In 1735 J o formally resetted - hi» claims to the throne, and retired witb ajpennonof£80,iOOO. Stall, likeGharletlLofEngland when a refugee in Franoe, StMiifilanw fagfc up the mimicry of a Court, till one night hia night-dress oanght fire, whioh caused -hia death at the City of Nuicy. Jast iuusy ! r Xf .)hi* hadn't happened wouldn't h* have been a venerable veteran by tins timet 187+89= 216, 