\\\ as it a Ghost i bey Saw ? Mrs. U. H. Jknnimjs lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good onler. One night early in December (1S9I) the two women locked all the doors and went to tbe theatre, leaving not a soul in thi- house They left the yas burning, how ever, iu the front parlour* At about hilf-past cloven they returned, aim euieren sue nou&e; laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour di d out nf them in a sceuud. Kight in the niid.lle of the room stood a dark nun of gigantic stature. X'he upper part of bis face was concealed by u mask, his eyes g earning through tbe cychol s in it. Hi6 (.hirt.sleves wur.- rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women lied Bcreumiog from the room, aud when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? ^ ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, I had slepc bad for several successive nights. Ou the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud denly aroused from a done by what seemed like the caUinq of tny ntiinc ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, us she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed iu a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Vet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen itsiuec, and it's more tlian three years ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. VVIiy, there's uo cud to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when yoursystein is out of condition. In March, 1890. it was, that Mrs. Jane FoBter, of Darracott Road, l'okesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows I -C-K so dreadfully nervous I conld not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish then- far away in ease 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tho stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, lly-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even tbat on my ktoinach. By this tiuio I was nothing but skin and bone Sfy memory completely failed. My head aehod so dreadfully I thought I should lose iny senses, and my friends agreed that 1 would | never get better. 44 J had given up all hope, wbeo one day ! Mrs West, ot Bournemouth, called and asked ; what I was taking. She told ine she was herself once just us badly off, and was curcd i hy Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup. As she ! Rpemed to have so much faith in thin medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk aeros. the tooin, and by the end of a week I woot downstairs. Noiv 1 am as wrll as ever. I can eat and digest my lood, anil all my nervousness lus left me.' The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous nrostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent - eath of her husband, by accident, and the «y«tem rallied ouly when the Syrup had given new vigour to the dlgeB tlon and thus fed snd toned the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of tho Bridge-port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by Indigestion and dyfpepsis. Ghosts come from the Inside of tho person who sees them, and when Mother Seigei's Syrup docs its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. ? 