SOMA CURIOSITIES OF CRIME: A MURDER REVEALED BY A GHOST. wpOB soma time after the Jacobite rieiri|j J| of 1746 had been suppressed by the crushing defeat, of the. Highland Clans at Cullodon. the whole of the North of Scotland was in a disturbed state, and it was neces- sary to keep ai large force of troops there in order to stamp. ..out. . tbo; last sparks of rebellion. Among the regiments to which this stern duty was entrusted was one com manded and. to a large extent, raised by Lieutenant- General Raise, which waB generally known aa Guise's Regiment. It wae quartered in the wild and remote High land district of Braemar, at the South western corner of Aberdeenshire. Ths sympathies of - the Highlanders of that portion of the country were warmly Jaooblte, and the sight of the English soldiers was hateful to the great bulk of the population, who oherished fierce feelings of vengeance against the butchers ofCuHoden." Time, however, to some degree, . modified these hoetile sentiments, and the Highlanders became used to the presence of these red- eoats, when they found them, after all, not to be suoh monsters of cruelty aa they had at one time imagined, and out of. whom, It civilly treated, they, discovered there was money to be made. Now in Guide's Regi ment there was a certain Sergeant Arthur Davles, who was- very popular among his comrades. Ho w&s; superior it) birth and education to the ordinary run of non-com- missioned officers, and was, besides, remark able for his great stature, his immense physical strongth, and hiB handsome personal appearance. He had been very Active in obtaining recruits for the rogiment, and in consequence received a higher amount of pay and onjoyed a better position than othere nominally of the same rank. A frank, manly, fearlees -English soldier, he had ingratiated himself oven among the dour and sullen Highlanders; arid was regarded by them with less animosity, probably, -than any other soldier in the regiment. The sergeant was an enthusiastic sportsman. And so little did he fear any treachery On the part of the mountaineers that he frequently set-out on shooting exouralone over the wild moors alone or attended by a single gilly. fin t.Kjk mnnnlnir jsf f.haa 9Ml.lt nf RAiifjimhiM 1749, Sbrgeant Davios started off alone with bis fowling-pieoe to shoot over a moor not V«ry far distant from Braemar. When night, fell he did not return to his quarters, sudtlie whole of the next day passed with out any tidings being heard of him. On the third day aftet'hiri mysterious disappearance, a search party was sent' out to soour the district for the missing sergeant, but they were unable to find the slightest trace of him. A wook passed, a month, and still no sign of the lost sergeant of Guise's. By this time there was no doubt iii the minds of any of his comrades that Davles had met with foul play, and the General himself wore that he would leave no stone unturned to dlsoover the murderers of the beat non commissioned officer he had in his regiment. But neither threats nor rewards brought ' My oluo to the sergeant's disappearance, and his fate remained wrapped in mystery, though there oould be -little doubt, that mora . than one person must have been ooncernsd in the murder, for it was not likely that any single Highlander would venture- to attack $o powerful and resolute a man as the ser geant, whose athletic prowess was well known over the district. Five years passed, the mysterious disap pearance of Sergeant Davies- had never been accounted for, aud even his comrades had aeasedto speoulate upon it. Nor would the problem probably have ever been solved but for one man who had aworn never to eearie his inquiries and investigations until the murderers of Sergeant Davles were brought to justice. This man was James Small, formerly mi ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment, and now factor or steward of the estate of Sbrowan, which had peon forfeited to the Crown through the attainder of its laird as a rebel. Mr. James hnnll had known Sorgeant Davies well ; they bad fought at Cullarien together, and bed sebt:o,ie!it!tf isst1 often whilst Guise's Regiment was quartered in Braemar. The new factor of Strowan was a determined and a somewhat consequential man. He thought it was a slur upon tho Government Which he.servod that It should be unable to discover and bring to juBtloe the murderers of an officer of ilor Majesty's army, and he deemed it inoumbent upon _ himself ' to remove that slur. With patient, dogged perseverance, end the keen instinct of a born detective, ho set himsolf to the task of discovering the perpetrators of tbe- orime, and at last he succeeded. Bit by bit he joined together stray pieces of evidence until he had a case sufficiently strong enough ' to justify him In procuring the arrest of two Highlanders, Duncan Terig alias Clerk, and Alexander Bain Macdonalu. The fowling- piecs belonging to the murdered man had been found in the house of one of them, and trinkets and valuables known to have boon the property of Sergeant Davies had bean seen in the possession of both man. But there was a still stronger and more damning proof of she guilt of these two persons, which among those who were superstitious, os'mOst Highlanders were ill those days, carried overwhelming weight, and it was the Strange story attnohed to this which invested the case with extraordinary interest when it came on for trial before the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh. The prisoners, Duncan Terig and Alex- ' under Bain Macdonnld, were arraigned before the Lords of Session nt seven o'olook ot» the morning of June 11, 1754. Then there was made public the strange story of the manner in which theerimeand its por- petratora had been discovered. Alexander Maopherson, of Inverey, a farm-aarvant, aged 20, . deposed that \- one night in the- cummer of 1760, whilst in bed iu a sheafing Rhe long turf-tKatchsd Out-house in whion Highland farm-servants ' olopt, lit beds arranged along tho wall), sovoral others being at the same in the said sheafing, there entered a man dressed in blue, whom be took to be tho brother of a neighbour, Donrtld Furquhnrton, of Blondes, who came to his bedside and beckoned to him to como out. Maopherson rose and fauowed tho figure outside tho door, where upon the person turned and said, "/am SSergemU Davies " ; then, pointing to n moss or traat of uwampy moorland, known as Christio'a Hill, added, " You will find my bones tbero. go and bury them at once, for X cau have no peace, nor will I give you any until my bonoa are bnriod ; uiid you may gpt Donald Furqiihnrson to help you." Having spoko these words very solemnly and earnestly, the apparition vanished. Early the noxt morning Mtioplierdon wont alone to thia spot indfcalod by the wraith, and so exact had boon tho instructions given by tho mysterious visitant, that before lie hail searched five minutes ho cmno upon a human body embedded in the moss. \lost of the flesh was gone, but tho coat of blue oloth which had been worn by the dead man Was pretty nearly entire. By using hie -taff 08 uroboond lover, Mucuhersori chow 1 , >uttbe body, and laid it on the upper soil, but did not attempt to biiry it. A few nights later tho apparition again vitited Maephei'eon whori he was in bed in the sheafing, and reproached him for not having carried out its instructions for burial, urging him at tho tamo time to lose no time in committing the remainu to the earth. Then Maepherson plucked up courage to ask, " Who murdered you?' to which- the apparition roplied . dourly, \- " Duncan Clerk and Alexander Mucdonald, : Aben vanished as suddenly and abruptly ae . i-:j»«<ire. . . i&. On the following -day Moopbtnon wonb to Donald Farquharson, told him the story, | nid persuaded him to como and assist to I oury the body of the murdered man in dry I ground. FarquharBon, never' doubting ths j '.ruth of the story, went with Maaphersoi | tb Christie's Hill, carried the body away I dug a grave in dry ground, and then I buried the remains. To all his own share in the business,. Farquharson swore posi tively, and emphatically expressed his belief that Macphefeon had told him nothing but the truth. The only other person to whom Maopherson confided the story was John Grewar, of Palhownie, who deposed that Maopherson, under strict promise of seorecy, told him, a few days after the apparition had appeared for the. second time,, how he, in obedience to its commands, had, with the assistance of Donald Farquharson, buried the body. - Bub there wae still stronger corroboration of Macplierson'8 strange story in the evl donee given by Isabel Maohurdie, of Inverey, aged 40; who deposed that on the - night on which Macpherson declared that he saw the apparition for tho second time, she, sleeping at the other end of the sheitling, in the portion set apart for the women, most distinctly saw " Something naked come in at the door and go straight to Macpher- son's bed, which frightened her so muoh that she drew the clothes over hor head; that When it appeared it oame in a bowing posture, but she cannot tell what it whs ; that noxt morning she asked Macpherson what it was that had troubled them the night before, and that he answered she might bo easy, for it would trouble them no more." Now the counsel for-the prisoners was one of tho most ominenb advocates in Scotland, Alexander Lockliart, who was making then by far the largest professional income ever up to that time known North of the Tweed —considerably upwardsof a thousand pounds a year, which mny be set out as equivalent to about three thousand a-yanv in the present day. Lockliart was a notorious Jaaobite, and had guined for himself much celebrity by defending the prisoners captured after the rising of '45. As in duty bound, he threw ridicule upon this story of the ghost, and lie made his great point when in cross-examination of Macpherson, who could speak nothing bnb Gaelio, and whose evidence had to be interpreted to the Court, he said to the witueas, " What language did the ghoat speak In t" To whioh Maopherson promptly replied, "Ae good Gaelic as ever I heard in Loohaber." " Pretty good for the ghoat of an Etiglisfi sergeant," said Lookhart, and there was general laughter in Court. Ther was other evidence connecting the prisoner with the orime, the possession of the murdered man's fowling-piece arid trinkets, and some suspicious circumstances which would have tola heavily against the aocuaed had not- Lockhart laughed the ease out of Court by the rldiOUle he threw upon the story of the English ghost that spoke "a e goorl Gaelio as ever was heard in Looh aber." He declared that the whnle oase was trumped up by Mr. James Small, who had carefully instruotsd the-wltnesses for the proseoution what to say, and had endeavoured to intimidate witnesses for tho defence from giving evidence. In the end, after sitting continuously from seven o'olook on the morning of June 11, to six o'olook in the eveningof June 12, the jury returned a verdlob of " Not Guiltv. " 1 The next day, as Mr, Lookhart was pro ceeding across the Parliament Close to the Courts, he . was assaulted by Mr. James Small, who endeavoured to provoke him to a duel. But Lookhart, who was a bully and a coward, appealed for proteetion to the Lords of Session, who hod Small arrested . and brought before them, but . dliobarged him after he had made an ample apology upd entered into sureties of £60 to keep tne peace for a twelve- month. But though' the ghost story was so successfully laughed out of Uciurt, Its trnth was not really disproved. And a careful examination of all the evidence adduced - at the trial leads us to wonder that the jury should have allowed themselves to overlook the very remarkable character of Macpher- son's evidenoe. Sir Walter Scott, in com menting on the ease, suggested that ae g ving information was unpopular in the Highlands, and especially when the aeoused were Jacobites, Macpherson trumped up the ghost-story, knowing' welt that- his super stitious countrymen would pardon his cam- muniasting the commission entrusted to. him by a being front tho other world. But' the faots, as set forth in the report, of the trial, do not support that theory. In the- first pluua, Mavuiiah-uliV siury wnb Cui rOuui!alai, by Isabel Machnrdie, who distinctly swore1 that she saw an apparition in the' shoaling exactly similar to that described by Mao pherson ae having appeared to him at the very same- time and place. It was not shown that there was any collusion between the man and the woman ; nor were their statements in any way shaken by cross- examination. Then Donald FHrqiiliarfoii's evidence as to his assisting Mucphoroon to bury the body was not disputed, and the question arises how oould Macpherson have known where the body was, or by wham the dead man had boon murdered, unless he had himself been one of the murderers or hud seen the deed done ? Yet neither: of these hypotheses was suggested, nor was any attempt made to show how Maopherson could have known who the murderer was, and where the body was concealed, other- wise than by the supernatural ipode he described. Then again, Maopherson and Farquharson had clearly uo malice Against Terig and Maccionala, for three years elapsed without their saying a word to any one about the discovery of the body, and they would probably never have divulged the secret but for the active interference of Mr. James Small. Lastly, there was Lock- hart's sneer about tho ghost of an English sergeant speaking good Gaelic. Bur grant ing the apparition, what was there absurd about Its speaking Gaelic? For aught we know to the contrary, in the spirit world all languages are alike familiar to its inhabi tants, and, indeed, it would bo preposterous to suppose that ghosts are confined to the tongue which they spoke when in the flesh. The thing that was extraordinary wae . the apparition, not the language in which it spoke. Lockhart would probably, what ever his own scepticism may have been, Imve hardly dared to deny, in that auper- Htitious ago and country, the possibility of one from the unseen world "revisiting the glimpses of the moon," and but for his smart and plausible ridioule of the Gaelio in the mouth of an English sergeant he might have found It difficult to persuade even an Edin burgh jury that Macpherson was not telling the truth when he swore to his interview with the ghost of Sergeant Davies. That the man thoroughly believed that he had aeen and talked with the 'spirit dr wrai'h of tho dead soldier we do not for a Moment doubt. Whether he actually did see and hear what Ire thought he saw and heard, or whether there are such things as ghosts, theso urn questions which we leavo to the Psychological Society to nriswor. We would point out, however, one odd circumstance, that whereas ih the former case of super natural evidence which we gave the prisoner, John Walker, of Chestcr-le-Streot, was hanged on the evidoricc of a ghost, which revoaled the crime to a neighbour, in the present case tho two prisoners were acquitted inninly becauoo of tho alleged ghostly reve lation. The root of tho evidence against tliOiii was discredited, becntiso of the ridi cule thrown upon tho witnesses, who hwoi c that their information cairio through a ghost. Yet years afterwards, when IipMi Duncan Torig and Alexnndor Mucdonald hud gone to join Sergeant Davies, their solicitor admitted that both ho and Lockliart were firmly convinced of their guilt, utid saw thai, ihoironly chanco of obtaining an acquittal was by throwing ridicule— an strong at it could bo made— upon the story of the Ser geant's ghost.— Licensed Victuallers' Gazette. She; " Will you take apart in our theatri cals?" ' He: " Aw— woally-I aw— should so like to. What Phall i t alto !' , StiQi . "'iuifcols.'? 