THE MELBOUBNE CUP BAOE. A GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION. The race wasjwon in the last quarter of a mile. AH round tho course tho winner of tlio Derby with Mr. Wilson's whito and cardinal on his back had beon holding d leading position, tind seemed for ' a long time to be wrestling for the victory with Light Artillery, Port Admiral and Oxide. As for q'arceoln, nobody conld spy him out amongst tho ruck. As the horses sprang, from tho starting .mark Light Artillery's jockey's cream and bluo slcevos wcro conspicuous ia 'front. Tho other horses already mentioned wero grouped- around him, but for th'o'rcst the clouds of dust raised' by the hoofs of the leaders pnvolopcd tuo field in a veil all the: way up tho straight: For tbo first time round . tho order of Light Artillery, ' Carnago and - Port . Admiral was maintained, with the obstrbporous Sailor Prince, who had given - a grcat'dcal of troublo before bo was got to the port, holding a good placo in tho. ' general hunch of horsos that swopt past thb.grand stand. On tho first time round tho blue jacket of tbo rider of Oxido was prominent working tho animal through tho oM&h;, but Tarcoola was sotnowhero away - at tho book; tbo gold-spotted bluo ' jacket of his ridor being first noticeable amongst a lot." of ;; apparently, hopoloss horsos bringing up the rear. ' Tbo character of. tho raeo did not alter much round by the back'sheds;<bat tho cards wore reshuffled on tho way to tho bridgo, and following tho group olosoly with tho glosses, ..ono Jp uuum uisbiuuisu i/aujuuiu matting- lead.. "Carnago wins" was now "tho ory all over tho Stand as tho horsos turned the corner and entorcd tho straight; for tho winning post. Tho sceno' was now exoiting onough. All tho horses ivero bunched togcther, with tho excoption of two stragglers, who had givon up' tho ghost and were limping up behind ' tho- rack at thoir case. It was now seen that Mr. Lewis' brown horse, with Cripps -up, was making a change in ,tho look of affairs ; Cripps had been riding him oaro- folly irad rosorving hiih fdr tlio final effort when in tho lest few furlongs ho laid on tho whip, and shot past . Tim Swivbllor, Port Admiral, Camoola and Oxide. The next fow seconds wero full of oxqitoment. Nearer and nearer to tho front forged tho , dark, blue and. gold spots, .creeping up behind tho white of Carnage, and, inch hy ' inch, passing tlio chestnut that had sootood up to now 'as if it must. bo for thb.' socond timo tho victor. in a great rBce,;. Mean- jvhilo another horse, that had-boeti in the rear all round tho coitrso.'was pushing forward from the midst of tho; seoond batch. . This was Jowoiler, ' oonspiououa ! by reason of tlio orimson of bis jookey, and he rapidly passed the horses behind whom ho had labored np tbo1 straight, and at abont the same time that , Tarcoola, left Carnage in tho rear, Mr; Earnshaw'a brown horso shot ahoad of Loyality. Tho final few yards left tho isstlo of the contest in no doubt.whatevor. Tarcdola's jockey ' ' gavo a look round nt tho winning post, ana found Carnage a good'.balf-lbngtk behind him, whilo within a short distanoe of tho Dorbv winner was JowbUer, with Loyalty ' fourth in the raco. 