I dY TRIP ?' ,v Gi'YSL/::L. Ye-r. D.ay. n r.s , die ser,. !.ring, flrc long sotoe Cf my re.d're 1 e s, t piaesing up for a trip to sre of '.h5 .~.al-U holiday ica?r?s tbsf' hsprly abh'un- i:" ehis sliir and. Ierhaps wrme of them might pas izsiei. t?o G i.. Aand, 'ithe ~ir-f'Mn .t A;u.I ;n"ti is as it hisi teen a.pty l-rmuic, icv : :Il t.,.iiitr Of ,,t : il th.e l., ':.r,:: "f h. rr'auu m °° rg uron ut my 6tury, toutuIms about 12,000 square rpilke, the treater part of hich is covered with vast, dense forests of many species of vegetab!e giants, and in tersected by numerous creeks, rivers, reely swamps, and lakes, the home of the duck, swan, pelican, and innu-merable kinds of aqoatic birds. The forcsts and fern tree gullies shelter the lyre.bird. wallaby, dingo, opossum, native bear and other game. As a rerort fort sportsmen Gippsland stands un questionably without a rival, for in no other part of Austra is can such a varying and abundant supply of game be met with. It was Christmas crc, and J.ict and I had been wandering about since daylight among the numerous lagoons that border the La trohb. endeavouring to obtain a few duck for Christmas dinner. We had been fairly successful-ten black douck and a pair of bronze-winged pigeons dangle fromour belts, and our hats are decorated with several hare's tails. We now turn homewards, pausing every now and then at a lagoon to extermin. ate one of those edacious and astute 'cor. morants.' We have almost reached our destination when the words ' Hello there; a happy Christmas,' cruses us to pause in the course of our walk, and to turn inquiringly in the direction from whence the greeting came. Seated on a horse a few chains distant is an acquaintance of ours-a young selector. We return his greeting, and the following discourse takes place : 'The ducks seem to have had a bad time of it this morning !' ' Looks like it,' was the reply. ' But what else can they expect when such nareah.ht..5 Jf..k aura yourself get among thema ' ' Soft soap!' exclaimed Jack. ' It's no use old man, six cf them ore promised, and the remainder we want :or to-morrow's dinner.' Our friend inquires whet we will be doing r on Boxing-day. ' Shooting.' was the laconic answer. ' Well, I am going up to my selection on that nay for the ,purpose of bringing down a horse ; I will stop there that night, and leave early next morning. If you care to accom. pony me I can promise you plenty of shoot. ing. 'But how are we to go op ?' exclaimed Jack. 'It's hardly good enough to tramp out 1S miles on to the ranges and back, ham pered as we would be with the guns anl t tucker ; and, besides, I should like to spend a day or two there.' ' There is no necessity for you to walk, said our friend, I will lend you my spring cart and harness, and all you will have to do f is to provide a horse.' We soon arrange matters and separate ' minus' a pair of the promised ducks. Boxing-day came in due course; and at 12.30 p.m. we are seated in the spring cart. Crack goes the whip and we are off. On we go, rattling merrily along the level road, and scaring the sheep in the paddocks on either side. Open undulating park like land, a covered with tall avenaceous grass, and dotted here and there with clumps of red a gum, honeysuckle, she-oak, and red box stretches away to the right and left. Still onward, the country becoming more broken, and heavily timbered every moment. The f red box, gum, and she-oak have long since s given place to the white gum, peppermint, and yellow box. These in their turn give v place to the blue gum, messmate, and mountain ash. ' On across the little stream- f let,' with its banks fringed with tree ferns, I freshly excoriated wattles, and musk trees interwoven with the beautiful Tecoma Australls, its trumpet like flowers hanging in festoons from every branch. On we go I splashing through the long narrow sheets of v turbid water, or floundering through the thick teaneioua mad. tho spring eart .-?,ag about like a ' Dutch lugger' in a heavy sea. As the wheels strike against the farraguious collection of tree roots, logs, stumps, and 6 branches that are embedded in the mud. As the track is bordered by a dense growth of I hazel, blanketwood, and musk, there is no k choice left to the unfortuna'e traveller, but g to struggle onward as best he can. At last f we emerge from the mire at the foot of an arenaceous, lightly timbered, fern covered it hill, the home of innumerable wallabies. A short drive brings us to the top, and as we a begin its declivitous descent, a good view is obtained of the fern tree gully beneath. t We soon mount another hill, and go clat- a tering along the track. This, however, soon tl disappears, and nothing is left to indicate its V presence butthe axe marks on the trees. We fi are now passing througha dense rank growth d of luxuriant vegetation, through which the o mountain ash, blackbutt, tall and stately a blue gums, and other tregsqf vast dimension and excellent quality rear their he1p& The a andergrowth iq thickly ;Catted and inter. ii woven with safilparilla, supple jack, and a large arbovescent nettles. Here, the exu. o berance and variety of vegetable life, and It the extraordinary luxuriance of its growth a fills one with astonishment. n We hare now arrived on the edge of a b steep ravine, across which we determine not a to take the eart. In a few moments we t; have deposited all our paraphernalia on the r ground. Jack proceeds to unharness the p horse, Intending to leave the harness in the g cart, but he soon desists when informed that ii the dingoes would not leave a buckle of it a behind before morning. Our host, mounting a the horse, leads the way, and we follow, sinking in the rich chocolate soil at every g step. A short walk soon brings us to the ( fence that encloses his ground: now begins re a scramble, over the charred and prostrate el gums, through wild raspberry bnshes, vesicating nettles, and thistles of high im penetrating powers, which have sprng up inee the cutting and burning of the scrub. v We at length arrive at a creek which pre- e ents further progress oar hsot, however, t points oat a large log extending from bank to bank, at an eleration of about 30 feet from i~i the water. On this we cross, whilst he n trots off to a ford a short distance up the stream. . Crossing a small clearing we soon arrive p at the hut. and pushing in the door we take q a view of its contents. The furniture con- o sists of three bunks and a box nailed to four upright props to serve as atable. The walls o are adorned witbh every variety of tools, and a large direplace and the door takes up one [ end of the hat, Having satisnafed our r ceuriosity, we now proceed to satisfy onr - appetites, and I am deputed to bring water 1 from the creek whilst the others set about t lighting the fire. Taking two billycans with h me, I proceed to fill them at the creek which t flowed at a distance of a few chains from the bhot Whilst riosing them a platypus a came swimming noiselessly down the stream, [ and after viewing me for a short time dived, and immediately reappeared alongsideof the opposite bank. Picking up one of the many a waterworn fragments of stone that pave the bed and sides of the stream, I hurl it in the direction of the ' Ornithorhynchus,' but that I singular creature, like the musk duck, is 0 Sfathoms deep' before the stone strikes the water, - as I have alluded to the musk duck, I will give an instance of the difficulty experienced j in shooting one of these birds. I once wit nessed a sportsman fire five successive shots at a male mnsk duck from a bridge, without , apparently injuring it. Each time the trigger wis pulled our large-headed friend' e as if actuated by some occult impulse dived, a only to reappear unscnthed within a fea o yards of where he went down. After the a filth discharge, thinking probably that dis- t cretion was the better part of valoir, he witldrew, aud commenced his diving opera tions in a more favorable situationt. Baring filled the cans, I retrace my steps I rather harriedly, owing to the fact of being b besieged by a cloud of those modest, retiring I and interesting little creatures the mosqui- t toes, each one bent on getting a belly full r of that liquid called the 'river of life,' a from whatever part of my person they may I d happen to alight. The larger of the two s billy cans is soon suspended over a blazing a fre of scrub sticks, and whilst I attend to p the 'splattering' chops and sansuges in the h pah.our host busies himself in laying the a teble..--he coffee being made we 'set too' J with a win, not however, before taking the t precaution of potfoinr billy ' No. 2 ' on tha n fire in order, as Jaar will have it, to be t preparedl for all emergr'eies.' The drive a seems to have bequeathe&a.; as voracious a appetites; the many good thiret set apart o for the evening meal disappear withamazing Spropidtuce a ureth ns a very dlap t got fs et. Placing this to his moth he begins rs t pl n ie f nei wi t aeatL,, wellwottr~ljc~t;}j t holl eteratiLe. Hec soon proves to be a modern ' Orpheus' a,' ul invented form. b e Tir dord rush madly from the hu,, and sitting ok overcome bhy the soul troubain str.' ns, so Sjumping from our unks we snatch up ourd guns and cartridge belts and, bidding our Vhost ;ood N ight, we salpy Fortlh. flageo fetw ming this to i walk suices mouth he clbegins to ply 'Annie R toney,' with sitting down orthe trunk of a bfallent cgiante. Hesoon proves to he a modern 'in Orpheus' renderl ineg objted form howeedistinct. The donsider aunble dis withstance. d Yoder, inspiring straiub has rush mdlg froear the beh,ed and sitting onrkless thir hank ache set up a long drawn melsan chproly minentowl. It is not long bthfore e arc overcome by the soul touching str.mins, so ground. from our left an unks weonquerable up our guns nd ciants tridge belts d, idding tier on tier fromr ost Good rear the, ir heads alloft and wave A few minutes walk suflices to cross the ctheir sparklin g leavess to in theous breeze. Whof tilst he rek. nd there amolt, ang the sitting dowegeatn on the trunk of a fllevergreen gint, view the beuties of a Gipravine maybe accurland forest by moonlight. The oon his enraptg reahed its zeniith throws a brilliant light en the scene, rscendesring objef nacts ver distinct at ble consid penr. cable distnce. Thnder, silere the primev hals been solit, huge gum trees encircled by thate rsh of water over fatheal rig rear their of a flhed aockd ba duckle, as forms high above the renascent undergrosth. they paseem like snt pectream toas their blfsted trunks and heskeleton holiwl branches, sdingoes a prominently out gaines the dark bgrntack ground. On our left an unconquerable race of vegelable giants rising tier ot tier freos the creallek rear their heads aloft, and wavof the their sparkling dthe ladeniar leaves in the br possume. , hilst here and there among the oti-tmbreoe this eget on the tall evergreen tree ferns may be detected ; or the sinuous course of somravine maybe accurately determined by Their light reombine to give a weird and de. n ressivery effect tide the eye is enraptured with scenes of nature more reverctble than pen can describe. The Silence of the primeval nolitude is broken by the rwoods, of water over its shingly beof the splash of the plnatypus or scintillr rat in the deep polshed in prsuitrels of their prey; the whir of a aock of dock, as they puss up the strean to their feeding grounus at evdiery moveme ntf the dingoeson arrive they ans laer eucalyptus round which other in rapid succession from the ically rush. or ravines the harsh runt sucg cedall of te native bear; the squarry of ich 'pas wasum; the peculiated. Presenting ery of the sugar squirrel ; the unlocatahle booming note of the bittern, or the startled cry of the nighte mapie, are bendislodged from its perch feety a catof or possum, it flutters aimldetersly among the theetops. The crash, crash, in the dense ti-tree thicket on our rifht tells of the pre tence of some foraging wallaby or kangaroo. These all combine to give a weird and de pressively effect to the scene. We taskre awas aened frocompl reverie by a furiwalls barking. Sl bonding alof from the pros trate monarch of the woods, we run towards the confines of the clearing, the moonbeams scintillating on the poliahed barrels of our guns at every mothement. e oon arrive at a large eucalyptus rownd which the dogs frantically rush, In a few minutes t have succeeded in'mooning', s the quarry, tohich turns out to be an iguana and not a 'posaum as was expected. Presently the sharp rcport wf a gun breaks the stillness of the rsight, and mor the echoes have ceased to reverbrate, we are bendit?, over five and a half feet nof quivering flesh. Jack is determined to have The hide, so draggie beg the animal well out from the deep shagive of the rusetheood, he is sotheon busily employed in taking the skin off. is task usu hardly compleed whenree kanllgarby comes bounding along on the outh gkirts of the dcrub. Picking op his gun he fired and our adogs friend' gseveral chs rolling lifelessly along the ground. The reports nould follow each other in quick suecession, as the dogs warming to their work drive the denezins of the scrub out on to the open ground. Wallaby after tumbllby yields oup the ghost' hilst others, mortaly volunded, again seek shelter in the oir the flageolet in, only to e fond by theo keen scented dogs and releqtlessly killed by us. The doghimself o been our ing accountter a good some trime now give tngue, the crashing of the brushood prolegns spraiems that sthine ut.g larger than usual is coming presentl three kangaroo break cover and bounded off with gigapproti leaps in the direction of the ficreek, olloged by the dogs and suspeded overl citharges of shot. blaer. skinning oubreakfa victims, eighteen in all, we made for the hnow full swt, shooting on the, any a large odawn -tbect ill-omened bird of Afnoter a ash and a drink of coffee we tubirdmble intoll bird, bunks, ' Orpheur s' goodngsters resoly volunteerihroughg to givwoodse us a solo on the fsaigeolet in rder to hend us to sloep. We howeeer, earnestly request him not. to fatigu himsmsel on our accounthis breakfter a good deal thof laughter and sondry spaong' trsmdi sevetbralts of the fasangeolet, we gain or pto beint and ailntce reigns tupreme within the hut. 'Era the rampirs ng, i dawn heralds theo approach of day we are astir, the fire is eightes, and the bill sospellowded it fover its ample blase. Having breakfasted we bid shor hodist anGood-bye,' and set turningt. The laughing jackasses flock are no dcks in full swiog, and as the dan becomes distancmore marked the notes of the lyre bird, magpie, satin boier bird, bell bird, througsh and other swild hopgster wre heard on every side. Ever sulph no and then the piercing cry of the wmastling kite resounds through the woods, as that broand pirae sdineous majestically over the tops of the gums on thelLokoutforhisbreakf t. Enter i the brushwcockatood e are not ong' treeing' several hen pheasants, which seem to be patienmore is eausted. terested with the dtgs than withere is a. After a lot of tramping, in which I fail to to them mur as he was forciby projected byself on the toe o dimy btce against an tuadjring wattled The obstherv, warned a by the untimely ateout in that had over omtaken their companion the soughtram. hilstgher reepingalms, whereough they couwild ontinue witheir rariges with safm detected by to themseven sulphur a barrel into the flock on these pewat er and kill four in circleand as they flutter up I m again andthe wobring downith thewoir The rep, diordants startlend numerous coots andssnt criesan The dks, alarmed by the reeds, nd among them a Nankeend pitch in a smallheron,' arundwhich pitched in t furtherad of a bluthe gustream. I qugive chase, butvement of the game is rather wary p, flyand 'ocy, yielding tooff bethe fore I can get within rangvity, shotr, as Je passes ovuld term it, the grheadsvity of the trees siandtugrass' him. As I am remth ovith an ear long white plumitting screech, which was instantlyd, repeJacktd appears on the sciby projeted by theveral toe wallaby booskins and a pheasst ant's tail.ng ttle, roThe to pursue, warne determine to follo by the untimely fe thcourse ad of the crtaken their companion soughtceeded highome distance up th strealms, where they could continue Cautiouslobservedy applarge kachingaroo feeding on I bit of clear ground. Jathe ock on the water and killf, four, and I making a wide detoutter up Icam ire up behin and brthe unsuspecting marsupial. When about toartl numre I happenero coots ad crto saneud from the reedstick which pitchbroke beneath my weight with a loudm. giv crash and precipitated game isto rathe ground, yThis was enough for i can geroyal within rangewho Slippibounded of gracefully in a wire cartridge I tack's direction.nap resently twoas he puffses over the heads of the treesom the bushes and'grass' our friend increases him.s paces I am remoing the lcarrying whibeneath hplumes thaskin two ozs. of shot tohd, dogs anck appeat last takes to the scene waterithe dogseeral afollowby sing andit. aow the asnn commencesl. as the dogs sortwim up and fasten on to his paunchsome distance pizes them one after another in we obhis armsved and large kadip them agaroo feedin and a hgait undof lear wateground. Jack concealed himself, their ardour in any way, for no sooner areind they ree than they nsupecting mare pial. Whenim aogain. Weto now try and toinduce (Mad ropus gigan ded sticks) whito leav broke beneater by pelting him with a loud crash ambling up threcipiatede tobank with oned, of the dogshes and ter frier, hangd ing toreases his tailc lik leech ; as he gaidogsm the top Jack fasten psn to i like a leech as he gains the top Jack steps ! . ,iat ows ofw 'lew trees warn ua of the' pro?v'bh of ight. 1tetraetisg our 'steps we ...riy io ds. coo ac at the hut, nauch e:i. ? by .,? rarmp., Sftsr -uprpr .--e ait octside the hut aed •tath tier grd.oal appreacim t'cigt.: The r' h,:ds e.t', be Iteard on the sit'., o' the e .-a,re d i. t i ttarioe their sharp note. imtatM;r, i fe noto:. of other birds. Tie' elancholy cry of the black cockatoo echoes through the forest as they climb the trees, or cling to the branches in search of grubs, or fly above the tops of the eucalyptus. But htgh above them all rises the maniacal laugh of the jackass ; now ringing through the forest glades; now dying away in low con vulsive tobs, only to break forth again with redoubled ene., as if to welcome the arrival of a ft ouple on the scene. The sun is well up before.we awake next t'arning. Having satisfied our ap-etitee we pay a visit to the swamp, the ' coats' and 'shags' havin a very bhad time of it. As we have the rifle with us the bears fall in for their share of misfortune, the sharp crack of the ' Martini ' being invariably followed by a whirling form. After climb. ing up numerous fern covered hills, or descending into the silent sombre recesses of ravines-the haunts of the lyre bird and wallaby, to the little streamlet, as clear as crystal and of icy coldness, meandering through the fern trees, and masa covered logs, we emerge on to a sparsely timbered, heath covered bill. Whilst resting among the heath a large eagle came sailing along and observing one of the dogs hunting about ihe could not resist the temptation of having a dive at him. An involuntary movement on our part caused him to alter his purpose and to perch on the lower bough of a small tree. I proceeded to stalk him keeping the trunk of a tree between myself and the eagle. I approach within thirty yards of where he oits, stepping out from behind the tree I fire both barrels into his breast. The force of the shot coupled with the fright causes him to fell to the ground. Before I can pat in fresh cartridges he recovere himself and sails off. Jack, however, dropping on one knee, plants a well directed bullet in his body which stops his flight. Iie measured six feet nine inches from tip to tip; some of the primary wing feathers being nearly a foot in length. Shortly after killing the eagle we met an old trapper. He informs us that he is 73 years of age and has been trapping in .Vic toria for the past fourteen years. He is not surprised sphere we inform him that we have only shot one lyre bird. 'The nettles are too bad for the dogs tb work ' he said, ' I can catch more cock birds in one day by setting spring traps near their mounds than another would shoot in a month.' I believe that the lyre bird is to be pro. tected all the year round,' said Jack. 'Yes,' exclaimed the old man, 'at the instigation of a lot of humbugs.' If those societies want to protect the lyre bird from destruction, they will have to stop selection. When the selector appears on the scene the scrub vanishes, and likewise the wallabies and the lyre birds.' 'Now, there is a bird that is protected, pointing to a magpie, that is every bit as bad on grain as the cockatoos or parrots.' ' Yon are right.' I have seen them poisoned in scores by the ' phosphorised grain,' I said. As we are talking the dogs start seven kangaroos from the scrub; as they bound off across the open lack fires at them, but with. out effect.. ' Take your time,' quietly re marks the old man as Jack glances along the barrel of his rifle. ' Crack,' this time the bullet finds a resting place in the btdy of one of the marsupials. We have barely taken the bide off when an 'old man' kangaroo came bounding slowly in our direction. Snatching up the rifle I present it at the game; to my disgust a sharp metallic click proclaims that the empty shell from the last shot is still in the breach. Before I can load he has disap peared. ' What luck I' exclaimed Jack, as the kangaroo is met by the dogs returning from their chase after the other sLx, and turned again in oar direction. I fired the bullet, striking him in the neck and brfogtng him to thbe grond. ' Call the dogs off' shouted the old man or they will get ripped. The dogs obey our call with one exception -a fox-terrier rushing up to the struggling marsupial be fastens on to the animals throat. The kangaroo at once doubled up like a spring and ' lashes out.' The terrier after describing a short meteor like flight lands almost at our feet. A glance assures us that the unfortunate animal is mortally wounded. Jack at once brings his gun to position and adopting tha figurative language of ' Tommy Atkins' inquires if he will ' lay the terrier out.' I nod assent and in another instant my faith ful companion of nmany a ramble is numbered witn the dead, The old man then fumed to Jack and asked if he was a member of the Humane Society. ' Ye Gods. no' exclaimed Jack, I don't believe in witnessing against a man one day, for riding a horse with a sozeback, and the next chasing an unfortunate stag thirty miles with a pack of hounds and 'shaking hands' with myself if he is captured and made to serve for another hunt. Shortly after this we separate from the old-man and make for the hut. An hour afterwards we are seated in the cart on our homeward journey. It is after 8 o'clock before we arrive home, much fatigued but otherwise well satisfied with our trip to the ranges. 