CHEATING IHE GODS. A coiTe6|-onilent of the J\Tt-rth China Herald, writing from fhc interior of Kiaugsu province, mentions that one of the industries there ip the manufacture of mock money for offering to the dead. Formerly the Chinese burnt sluim paper money, but in t iiCHO dftyp of enlightenment ami foreign intercourse the natnes of Sootjgkong, Hang chow. mid other placcs have come to i lie conclusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than clumsy paper money ; hence ancestors and departed friends with mock dollars. These are oulv half tbe 6ite of real j I dollars, but there appears to be no more ' harm in cheating the dead than there is in | cheating ihe living, Besides, the deceased ; are not supposed to know the difference, for i many of tlieiu departed this life before silver ? dollars were imjwrted into Cliina. A liun- 1 dred mock Carolu6 dollars, done up in boxeB, ' are sold for 81 cash. The operation of making this money is interesting. Firflt of all there are blocks of tin which arc melted down and then j-oured betwyen boards lined , with Chinese j»aper, and when the upper | board is pieced down on the lower a thick ness of tin remains. This is neat cut up into Etrip6 four inches long, one wide, and an eighth of au inch thick. Some ten of these strips are placed evenlj* together, one on top of the other, and one end is held be tween the tiuger6» when the workman pro ceeds to liammer them out till he lias beaten them so tine that thev are now three feet long and a foot broad, and so thin that they are not ihicker tlmn the thinnest juiper. This is next justed on common cardboard, which is then cut with a punching machine to the rize of half-dollars, and this having been done, a ljoy takes the cut-out pieces in hand, and with two dies, one representing the one side and tho other the reversu, hammers impressions of dollars on them, and the money is ready for use. Another very curious instance of the practice of cheating the go.ls is recorded in the same journal, hut from quite a different part of the country. It appears that districts of the Anhui province have lately been ravaged by an epidemic, so tbat in many places the people were unable to attend to the harvest ing of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by 'playing at' New Year's Day. ami protending that September 1 was the lire* day of the new year. Every preparation for celebrating the ljogus new year was made, such as burning fire-crackers and pasting liappy sentences in red paper on the iloors. The objcct was to make the god of sicknefis thiuk that he had made a mistake in * lie seasons, and had erred in bringing an epidemic on thu people at a time when no epidemics in the course of nature should appear. As any action con trary to nature done by the gods is liable to punishment hy the King of Heaven, the actors in this farce thought that the god of sickness would gather his evil spirits Imck to him for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. This child's play received ihe permission and co-operation of the local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the better are apparent. 