WAS IT A GHOST THCT: SAW ? Mrs. II. H. Jonningii live? at No. 211 Main Dtroot, Bridgeport, uud Mina Minnie Parrot boards with hor. Tho houtu in an old one, but ill good order. Ono night early in December (1891) tbo two rroinmi locked all tbo doom and weut to tlio tbaatro, leaving not a aoul in tlio houso. They loft tbe gas burniue. bonover. In the front Darlor. At nbout balf-paat eleven they returned, and entered tho Iiouho laughing and talking. But an thoy went into the parlor the morry humor diod ont of them in a necoiid. lilgbt in tbo mlddlo of tbe room atood a dark man of gigantio ataturo. The uppor part of Ida face was ooncealod by a mask, bin oyon gleaiuliiK through Ibo oyobnloa iu it. Hia ahirt-tlooTo/i w.ore rolloil up, anil in ono'hand bo carried a long, old-faBliiuned pifltol. Tbo women Hod aareanilug from tlio room, aud wbou Mr. JonniiigB eamu iu 11 vo mimiton later he found no one in the parlor and all tho doom aud windows BDouroly locked. Wbat waa it tbo womon naw ? '. Dnring a recent poriod of ill health,' writoa an American frinud, 'I bad alept badly for novoral BiiceossiTo nights. On tbe fourth of these nigbtu, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a ilozn l,y vhnt seemed tike thn culling of tiuj imwo ; uud at tbo foot of tho bed htmjil the imago of my mother juafc as hIiu looked live years boforo, aB abo wns leaving bomo to go on a journey, on which journey abo was killed in a railway dimHtor. I Bcreamed aud fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and tbo local old women gosaipa said it waa a snimiioim, and I would never got woll. Yet I did, and am in porfoct health now. I boliovo that vision cnino of my weak nervos, for I'vo uovor soon it since, aud it's moro than three yoars ago now.' N» doubt it was tbo nerves. Why, thero'a no ond to tbo trioks tbo uurvos will play off on you when your syBtem ia out of condition. In Maroh. 18110, it was, that Mrs. Jano Foster, of Darracott-road, Pakoiiloirn, Hants, wrote ni ab follows :-' I xvat -o drcndfuUy tioruoua I could not bear anyone in tbo room with mo, yet I ilid not wiab them far away in case I ithould call out for help. This waa in Juno, 1881). I alopt vory badly, and iu tbe morning felt littlo tho bettor for having gono to bed. Thoro wan often n. «ovoro pain m my hoad and orer my oyen, and I waa Bick moat of tlio time. My Bkin was dry aud yollow, nnd tho ?tomach aud bowola fult cold and doad. By and-bye I bad to lio belploBB in bod. Tho doctor aaid bo didn't know what my complaint waa. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not rot Hi n oven th&t; on my Htouiucli. ? By tbiB timo I waa nothing but akin and bono. My memory completely failed. My bead achod bo dreadfully I thought I Bhould lose my flonncn, aud my friends agreed tbat I would novor got bettor. ' I had given up all hopo, when ouo day Mrs. Weat, of Bournemouth, callod and aaked wbat I wan taking. Hho told me b!io was hor dclf once just ua hiidly off, and wnb cured by Mother Soigol'.i Cumtivo Syrup. .Ah abo xoein'Kl to have so much faith iu thin modiciuo I tried it, and in tlirendnys I was ablo to walk ucroxH the room, and by the end of thu wcok I went downturn. Now I am aa woll aH ovor. I can. eat and diiiost, my food, aud nil my norvouKuess Iiuh h-ll mo.' Tho malady Mrs. Foster sufforod from wan indigestion aud dyspepsia aud uerroua proa tratiou. Tbo original cuubo was grief and Bhoelc at tbo violent death of bor Imahniid, by uecident, and the ayvtmn ralliod only when tho Syrup bad given now vigor to the diees tion and thus fed and toned tbo nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of tbo Bridgeport ghost, it rumainn truo that most uueauuy vimous aud suuuda mean nothing inoro or loss than a sot of nerves all upset by indigeetion and dyspepsia. Ghosts como from tbe iuBido of tbo person who sous tbem, and wbou Mother Soigel'B Syrup does its work tbo oyes and ours entertain only what is natural 