Book II.-Preparing for His Work, CHAPTER VIII. 66 Far From the Madding: Crowd." " Dear lovely bowira of innocence and ease, Seats of my youth, when every sport could please ! How often have I loitered o'er thy green, Where humble happiness endeared each sceno ! How often have I paused on evory charm The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm, The never-failing brook, tho busy mill, The decent church that topped the neighb'ring hill ; The hawthorn buBh, with seata beneath tho shade, For talking age, and whisp'ring lovers made." -OLIVER GOLDSMITH. The next day Andrew found his way to Mr. Adolphus Vellum. " I am come to tell you that I shall not be able to write any more for you,'* he said. « Why, what's the row now ?" asked Mr. Vellum. " There is no row," replied Andrew. " I have simply oome to tell you I must cease to be one of your contributors.'.' Mr. Vellum turned his chair round. "I know what it is," he said. "You think you are underpaid ; so you are. 1 was saying so to myself last night. Says I, ' Young Fairfax's ability bas not been recognised. Fourpence a page is not enough for him. I'll put on another penny,' Andrew oould scarcely keep from laugh ing. "I believe in paying men,)' continued Mr. Vellum ; "and although a penny a page'll make a difference to the profits, I'll do it. I want to recognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page'll mean eighteen penoe a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if you work on Sundays, ten and six pence." "I assure you that has no weight with me whatever," said Andrew j " my mind is--" " Come, now, I'll put on another h'p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand j hut youv'e got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what-if you'll stick to me, of course-you may become as popu lar as even the author of * The Battle with a Ghost.' Of course, you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll he the making of you, I will, and "-here Mr. Vellum beoame confidential-"I'm think ing of starting a new firm of publishers, and you might-I don't say you will, be cause euch a thing only happens to the few-but I might make you an editor in time, and then you'll have an office of your own, like me," and he Bwelled with the dignity of his office and the greatness of hiB offer. " No," «aid Andrew ; " my mind ia made up." " Then you've been bought up," oried Mr. Vellum. " I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tuppeny, or threpeny who can afford it havo aeon your stuff, and have bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shame. "Where would you have bin, but for me? Who know'd you ? Nobody but Pinne. And now when you are gettin' useful, you throw up the sponge, and coolly walk away. It's a hard blow. I've a good mind never tb bring another man out. It gives no en couragement to a mon of letters like me to encourage such tjros as you. Come, now, what do you want? How much do you want me to give ?" " You quito mistake me," said Andrew ; " I am nob going to write for another editor, at any rate, for a long time. I'm leaving London." " Leavin' London 1" Mr. Vellum gener ally got wrong in his pronunciation when he became exoited. " Leavin' London ! Why, you must be mad I Just as your career was openin' up. Just when I could do something for you.. Why, man, in time you could make as much as £3 10s a week, and be as widely known as Deadwood Dick." ** Nevertheless, I am going to leave Lon don." " Where are you going?" " Into the country." " But not for lons ?" " Por a year at least." Mr. Vellum looked at him steadily, as though he doubted his senses. " Leave London, when he's got suoh chanoes," he said slowly 5 " give up a re putation which he might make almost equal to my own ; give up the idea of being admitted into the 'Daring Dick Club '-well, I'm bio wed. It's enough to make a man forget his grandmother and Mr. Vellum looked out of the hole in the box as though he had at last seen a miracle. Andrew found his way back to the den in which he had lived for several months, but which he was now about to vacate. He had said "good-bye" to Mr. Pinns, and beyond him there was no one who cared what became of him; at least, EO he believed. " Bless yer," said the landlady, to whom he said good-bye, "I shall soon see yer back again. A young trent like you can't live in the country. What you want is a mother, sir, and that you'll never git in the country. You'll soon feel the want o' me, sir. When you are tired ov* a night, you'll *ay, ' I wish Mrs. Liggins was 'ere,' that you will. And, Bir, I shall surely miss you, that I shall." There was no doubt that Mrs. Liggins would miss Andrew, in more ways than one. Indeed, there were many ways in which she interested herself in him. Andrew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs. Liggins always assured him that he used more than half a pound a week. Then she assured him that he ate five pounds of bacon every week, although he only had two s mair slices each morning. Besides this, Mrs. Liggins had a remarkable thief of a cat. Sometimes Andrew would treat him self to a pork pie, or some such luxury, eating only a part of it at one meal, however, leaving the remainder for another time. But whenever he in quired after it, he was assured that the cat had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable article belonging to Mrs. Liggins. It was a remarkable cat. Exlf a chicken was nothing to him, and what was more wonderful still, he was as lean as a cat could be. An ordinary observer would.have said that the cat was starved, but Mrs. Liggins would take a solemn oath before Mr, Fairfax and a whole bench of magistrates that " Shad eat more'n a Sn. Barnum's dog a terrible deal, and was enough to drag a poor woman to the grave ;" so, of course, Andrew could only believe and wonder. He could not help giviog Mrs. Lijrgins a sly hint, however, by way of a rejoinder, that he hoped Shah would not feel his absence as much as Mrs. Liggins did. By midday he had found .his way to the station, and was soon rushing through beautiful oountry fields and woods, to wards the scene of his birthplace, with a feeling of wonder in his heart. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Over one tenlh of the people of the United StateB are negroes or Chinese. Two centuries ago the first gentlemen of En_land habitually wore their hats while eating. 