A JUSAi ii'UL (JAB 111 UK I 7 HAD taken a carriage to go homo from T tho meeting of tho Bonovolent Flannel '?pociation, of which I am a member, for it . as a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of .my avail; and wo had gone just about half a milo through tho dismal ntrcots, when the driver vnddonly Plopped, nnd called through tho littlo window on tho roof — 14 Madam.' ' Well,' paid f. . . _ 44 Could you do mo a favour— mo and a 1.wl, 1 UUvinnln mo to tako her in. Of course, it would bo a i good tiling for mo, wit h my big family and low wage.-*, and it would bo a charity to hor, poor thing, on such a day ; but of couroo, if you objcct—' 14 Oh no, I don't object,' oaid I. 'I wouldn't keep a woman oub in such a storm for worlds. Let her in.' 14 Thankyo,' said tho driver. And I oponed tho door. In an instant a woman hud hurried in nnd taken her rent opposite me, Sho wan a protty woman, with a dark complexion nnd long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails liko a littlo schoolgirl's. Perhaps sho wan GO. Sho woro a mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, a breakfast cape, and a littlo sealskin cap that might as well havo been a man's as a woman's. Sho Viad no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt, euro, as I looked at her, that sho had been obliged to go out in tho rain to call the doctor to a child with tho croup, or to ^omcono who had mot with an accident, for she lmd seemed to for get hor own comfort entirely. I felt sorry foi her as she wiped hei poor littlo wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her wet- dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a step for a woman, and sho had not uttered so much as a 41 thank you' for my courtesy, though sho had two or three times looked straight I into my faco with her big black oves. I sat j in silence, therefore, until at last, she fixed a long steady gazo upon me, and said : 44 It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it?' 'Indeed, it seems so to- day,' I said, with n flnnrn /it, tlin li'ifl-nolnnrpfl fclrv. 44 And it never ntins in heaven,' said sho. 41 Oh, no.' ?*- 14 1 hope not, I am sure,' said I. ' Where storms do not come,' sho repeated, as though making a Quotation. 'Of course it does not. But then,' sho iiddcd quickly, 'you see one stays with ano's husband und children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wrctched world, ono must wish tOEtay.' 41 Indeed, yes,' said I. And then, seeing that, she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that she was going fora doctor, Isaid, I haphazard: 44 And when anyone wo love is ill, wo grow gloomy, nnd fear all sorts of , things.' j 14 Yes,' said sho. ' Ihave a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children pretty and good as a mother could wish — and how anxious they were when I wan so ill. Terribly anxious. Ho cried— a great, stout man. Yes, ho cried. Of course tho little ones did. And when I died—' 44 When you died V* I repeated. 44 ^es, when I died,' sho paid, in a louder tone. 'When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think it strange that I should speak of myself so. Nobody bclioves me ; but it's true. I am not living ; I am only mate rialised.' I could nob make any answer to this ; I riago, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words mado mo nervous. We bad yet a long way to go, though tho driver was doing his best, and what with tho clatter of tho horse's hoofs, tho patter of tho rain, nnd tho usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. 44 Yes,1* tlio lady wont on — 44 yes, I haven friend who is a spiritualist, and I wont to hor at once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I .want to stay materialised, becaueo, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with my husband and littlo ones, if I can. They'd miss mo so.' 44 Oh, you will,' I Paul, fn some trepida tion ; 44 you surely will. Let us drive to your house, and as soon as your children Iciss you, you will know that you aro no longer a spirit. Havo you told tho driver where to go ? Shall I - She put her hand upon my arm and drew mo down, as I arose to endeavonr to call the driver. 'Stop,' shosaid; ' as soon as I cross the threshold whero my corpso is lying I shall be a horrible gho3tagain, and frighten them all. Don't you know that? Sit down I' I sat down. She kopb her hand on my arm. 44 Listen I' said she t *? afln't you hear the sounds behind us ? Spirits coming to carry mo to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but thero is only ono way to avoid it. The spirits want a spirit to tako away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You— you are about my ago, aro you not ?' %t I suppose so,' said L 44 Yes,' said sho ; 'and have you a hus band.' 44 1 am a widow,' said 1. 44 Good,' said she. 14 How lucky that is I You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is thero ; I want to stay because mino is here. Come. I'll send your spirit with them— you'll lot mo, won't you 1' I had grown very cold, nnd felt that I wns trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seonicd to myself then to bo a very important question. , 41 How would you do it? It depends v littlo on that——' * | 44 Oh,' saidsho,' a3 roi Aoto, there Is just one way. I must cut your throat— but I have a vory sharp razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's much the best for us both, you.see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their whito wings and cold hands will novor know.' She drew a razor from her pocket us she spoke nnd opened it. I made ono dash for trie door— wnich I should have made sooner had I gueseod at the hiddeu weajton, you may bo certain— but as I did so her face changed, her oyos flashed furiously, and *he clutchcd mo by tho throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage stopped, nnd I heard amidst my terror tho voices of two men shouting eomething close bosido us, Then the woman wa.n struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held tho razor in his hands) and folded it away in its sheath. There was another carnago bosides ours, nnd theso two men had sprung from it. 'Madam, I ? hope you nre unharmed?' said tho gentleman, speaking with a slight foieign accent; 44 Yos, 1 am thankful to say I am,' said I. 41 You know what itTall means?' said he. 44 It was a line mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and sho believes herself now a spirit. . It is a delusion of hers that if sho can send n rpirit to heaven she may remain hero herself. My poor Isadora ! Forgive us tho terror you havo felt. Wo thought her well-watched, but sho cscaped us. I beliovo that dwelling too much ou BpiritunlUm has caused nil this.'! Then ho bowed, and followed his wife into the other carriage, und 1 saw hor clinging to him as j thoy tlrovo away.— Jlomdand. ! 