A HAUNTED HOUSE IN LONDON. A STRANGE STORY. EXPERIENCES OF A MINISTER'S FAMILY. To look at No. 27, St. George's-road, Kilburn (says the Pall Mall Gazette o£ March 14), one would not suspect it of being haunted. There is nothing of the tumble-down ivy covered ruin about it which the Christmas numbers have taught the world to associate with ghosts. It is a solid, substantial, com fortable- looking house, standing in about the middle of a rather imposing terrace, with a small garden, containing a few bushes in the front and a large plot of grass at the back It is not by any means a new house, but it has so few marks of age about it that a self-respecting ghost would hardly have been expected to regard it as an eligible residence. Yet there are three people dwelling in the .house who assert confidently that they have each on separate occasions been the eye witnesses of a remarkable apparition I in the house. The Rev. G. S. Tyler, ; the minister at present attached to the Quex-road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and his family, who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a Pall Mall Gazette reporter about it. The house has for many years now been the dwelling- place of the various ministers who have succeeded each other every three years at the Quex-road chapel. Mr. Tyler and liis family have lived there now for IS months. "I have never seen the apparition myself," said Mr. Tyler, " and have always been a con firmed unbeliever in spirit manifestations, and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, that my wife and my daughters Ada and J ulie, aged respectively 20 and 19 years, have distinctly seen a mysterious something, which, in the absence of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition. They agree closely in their several descriptions of the figure. A GHOST IN CLERICAL CLOTHES. It is that of a person attired as a Wesleyan minister might be, in black clothes of a clerioal cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey beard and keen peculiar eyes. It was my younger daughter who first met with the apparition. She will tell you in her own way." Miss Julie Tyler then took up the story. " I was standing at the corner of the stairs," she said, "and I saw what I took to be pa. I had gone to call him to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, i and I ran up to push him. I pushed right | through the figure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, but when I told | the others they laughed at me. But then Ada, later on, saw the same figure, and then mother herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have we all." Mi3s Ada then related her first experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a child one Sunday evening, and saw the figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into the house at first, until she observed the clerical out of the figure's garb, and then recalled her sister's experience. Mrs. Tyler's statement was that while passing by the small room at the end of the passage one evening, she saw Mr. Tyler standing m there, as she thought. She ran upstairs to the study, and there found the actual Mr. Tyler in the flesh. It is in this room at the end of the passage, indeed, where the apparition has been most frequently Eeen, and the ladies of the household do not care to venture near it alone. It is a small room looking out on to the back garden, but with wooden shutters, which are fastened over the glass in the evening. "It wa3 in that room, said Miss Julie, "that I met the figure face to face. _ I shall never forget his eyes—greyish blue in color, and they seemed to look right through me quite hungrily." RECOMMENDED TO THE PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. It was a strange experience for th& Pall Mall reporter to sit listening to these ghost stories in broad daylight, for thd minister and his wife were responsible, unemotional, clear headed folk, and the two daughters are bright, intelligent English giris, with an absence of any indications of hysterical dispositions. They were as firmly convinced that they had seen some unaccountable figure as that they had seen the streets of Kilburn when they looked out of the window. The minister, while expressing utter inability to account for the declarations of his family, would not com mit himself to any belief in the supernatural, but betrayed an interest in the whole subject which did not dovetail into his strained at tempts to laugh the matter over. In reply to further questions he said that one of the Wesleyan ministers who had pre ceded him had died in this house; and that when he told his friends of his family's experiences, he discovered for the first time that Mrs. Gibson, the wife of his im mediate predecessor in the house, had also met with some uncanny experiences. Asked whether he had token certain floors up in his hunt for some (explanation of the mystery—for so ran the gossip of the neighborhood—the rev. gentleman said that is the top bedroom there had long been a recutita n.iT. milieus smell of an utterly indescribable kind. The room was quite away frora drains or anything which he could imagine as the cause for the effluvium, and the floor had been taken up in the search for the origin of the nuisance. Per haps in the same manner that Mr. Stead's "Julia" writes his "copy," this mysterious clerical spirit comes to assist Mr. Tyler in the preparation of hi3 sermons. 