Sorry School of Arts. ANNUAL COMMEMORATION. A soiree in celebration of the estab lishment of tho Berry School of Arts was held in the main hall of the insti tute on Tuesday last under most favor able auspices. A sumptuous tea, pro vided and superintended by ladies of the town and district, was served at 6 p.m., the attendance of members and their friends, with guests invited from neighbouring towns, numbering several hundreds. The tea, meeting occupied two sittings. The hull was extensively and tastefully decorated with ferns, burrawangs, bunting, etc., and the scene was an animated one right up to the ' speech hour.' The Berry School of Arts, it might be said, enjoys a popularity unattained by any other society of the kind in these parts. This is undoubtedly due to the fact that the committee of management has ever striven to render tho institute attractive to all classes. Its machinery, too, has been kept in good working order for several years past. Tho 'intellectual torch,' to which the president referred during his rhetorical address in the evening, has been no -transient thing ; on the con trary, there is ample evidence to prove that it has been of continuous existence and refulgence. The particulars of the working of the institute the last twelve months will show how methodical and persistent the management has been in the conduct of the institute. The weekly meeting, whether it be for the purpose of debate or other entertain ment, is recognised by members gener ally as a sine qua non in the proper maintenance and usefulness of the in stitute, Recent parliamentary debates have shown considerable research and culture on the part of members, and in this direction the dialecticians have aimed, and that successfully, in keep ing with the times by discussing the foremost social and political questions of the day in preference to old thread bare subjects such as the question : ' Which was the greater general, Napo leon or Wellington,? ' which, though good in their way as rudimentary material for tho younger students of history, are not now sufficient to sus tain life in the debating section nf An assembly so advanced and pretentious as the Berry School of Artists. The Manuscript Journal of this society, to which there are many regular and capable contributors, is of a character too meritorious to permit of a just reference in this short notice. Suffice to say, those Schools of Arts in other neighbourhoods which are deficient in this one feature are without a most im portant means in the furtherance of their aims and aspirations. As in the ordinary set debates, so with the char acter of the Manuscript Journal, the Berry School of Arts is fully up to date. On the whole, it must be grati fying to Berry residents to observe the advancement of their institute, whilst in other places, such as Kiama and Wollongong, the people do not seem to be able to even establish a society of 'the kind ; Berry, Nowra, Milton, and Bega being the only towns on the south coast laying claim to Schools of Arts of any pretentions. The Berry School of Arts has at present 60 financial members, more than two thirds being active members. The library, with which that of the Municipal authorities has lately been incorporated, is now a large one, em bracing the best works of standard writers ; and the reading room, which is spacious and fairly well furnished, and open four nights per week (three evenings and one Afternoon), is regu larly supplied with the principal maga zines and reviews as well as city and country newspapers. Mr. G. H. Leigh is librarian, and Mr. E Shepherd the caretaker. The evening's proceedings on Tues day commenced at half-past seven, and some two hours was pleasantly spent by an audience of 300 persons in hear ing addresses and a number of songs, &c.; Mr. A. J. Colley, J.P. (President of the School of Arts) ocenpied the chair, and the undermentioned gentle men also had seats upon the platform : — Mr. W. Kennedy (Mayor of Berry), Mr. Alex. Hay, Mr. Lewis M'Intyre, J.P., Mr. E. C. Hewlett (President of the Nowra School of Arts), Rev. C. J. M'Coy (Jamberoo), and W. P. Blaok more (Nowra). Tho proceedings opened with a pianoforte performance, ' The Federa tion March,' by Mr. J. R. Caldwell. The Chairman read apologies from friends who had expected to be present at the celebration bud were at the last moment prevented from coming. Mr. John Hay, who was unavoidably detained in Sydney, wrote stating his regrot that he, with Mr». Hay, could not be present with the School of Arts mombers, and wishing for the institute a good meeting that evening and every euccoss in the future. In the enforced absence, there fore, of the Patron, who had proved a good friend to the institute, he (Mr. Colley) gladly took the chair. There was also a letter of apology for non-attendance from Mr. O. J. Becket, President of The Falls L. and D. Society. Mr. J. T. Cole, of Jamberoo, who had been useful to the Berry Sociotv as a lecturer, and also Mr. Richard Hall, of Gerringong, who too held a plaue on the institute's list of lecturers, were unable to be present. Xfaen there was the member for the dis trict, Mr. Philip H. Morton, who regretted that his absence from the colony prevented him attending the School of Arts celebra tion. The Kov. Luke Parr was engaged at the Anglican Synod in Sydney. Im portant business also detained Mr. Wni. Mathie, President of the Albion Park Society, and tho fiov. J.1 W. Dynwck, of Jamberoo (formerly Presbyterian Minister at Berry). And last, though not least, was Dr. Lowers, the senior vice-president of the Berry institute, who was confined to his residence through illness, but who wrote in enthusiastic terms of tho estab lishment aud progress of tho institution. (Applause). So much about absent friends. They had then to look to thoso prenent. They were representative men, atid would speak for themselves. But he hud to apologise for the absuiico of n more repre uriitiiti.'e man, onu whom they had invited nnd had expected to suh present that even ing, but who was unable to come owing to tho pressure of more urgent business . He referred to Sir Henry Pbrkea. (Applauso.) Although it might reasonably be concluded that the attendance of Sir Henry would havo meant the introduction of party poli tics, it would also be admitted that Mb presence with them that ovening would have been glndly welcome ani would have lent great support to the proceedings. (Applause). , Though they wanted no politics just then, he was sure the great champion of Australian Federation would have been well received there but for his engagement at Albury. (ApplaUBo). In the plaoe of Sir Henry Parkes, however, (bey had that day the assistance of the ladies, whoso services in the past he re ferred to in the highest terms of praise. Nobody had been invited there that evon ing but for very good reasons — for valu able services rendered to the institute in the past and for their warm attachment to kindred societies. That was the first commemoration of the Berry School of Arts. (Applause). Somewhere in the early sixties, a band of men held aloft a torch of great intellectual brilliancy. But it soon fell, and nothing more was done towards the establishment of a School of Arts until several years afterwards. One of their respected residents often spokopf the School of Art* of 1868, but it was only arraditrisn. (Laughter). The School of Arts proper was-'not started until 1871, and be was glad to nay that it had made good progress. The library now consisted of 1230 volumes ; they had an average of 47 meetings during the year, aud none had fallen through except, by reason of wet weather or the holding of the agricultural show. The library had been open 198 nights daring the year, with a circulation of 1904 volumes, and it had had 4225 visitors. (Applause). The institute knew no class, and was determined to work onward in the furtherance of its objects. The Manuscript Journal, founded in 1888, was a oredit to the society, and would, he ventured to say, be bo to any institute in tho colony. The Debating Society was doing well. They bad frequently good music, not so much as he would like, but they gave it unremitting attention as one of the arts. Then they had also a Dramatic Society oonneoted with the in stituto, which produced comedies that satisfied the most humorous, and tragedies which would draw toars from every eye. The institute generally wished for more support, ' however, and he hoped they would soon have it. (Hear, hear). Oc casionally a few members left the institute and went away from the district, but he knew that they planted the intellectual toroh elsewhere, and helped young men and women to tho best of their power. Such institutes had in the past done much to elevate young persens, and amongst many who to his knowledge had found benefit from them might be mentioned the member for Shoalhaven, who had risen to a political ambition through these societies. Their Institute, if foundod on any principle at all, was established and worked on the one principle that men and womon were never too old to leant. (Applause). He noticed a number present that evening who once strongly supported the institute, but had lately not done so. Amongst them he was sorry to see one whom he remem bered having on one occasion submitted that children should, be educated by the State. He could not really understand his friend having that opinion, though even at the time it was advanced his friends saw that Mr. James Stewart was preordained to a life of celibacy. (Loud laughter). At tho same time other mem bers had strongly debated in favor of matrimony, tho -first debate, as shown by tho minute book, in which their old friend Mr. Philip Morton bad engugod being on that subject. (Laughter). Mr. Colley concluded his address with a poetic in citement for the members to continue their work as energetically as hitherto, and let nothing interfere with the pursuit of knowledge. Mr. W. P. 1&LJ.CKMOB.E; waa the next speaker called upon. He said tho com mittee of the Berry School of Arts were t» bo congratulated on the happy idea which had struck thorn of having that commemoration, because after their arduous work of so many years some such celebration was advisable, and they had done well to attend to the social objects of the School of Arts. Tho institute was to be especially congratulated on one or two features. They transacted their business in a methodical way, nnd he was pleased to know that they had set apart one even ing in each week .for meeting. He had been told that the young men and women did not make their appointments for that evening. (Laughter), That was very well as showing good spirit. He was much pleased to notice the individual interest evinced by mombers in the the School of Arts, and from reading re ports of it he had been struck with the great interest of members and the hard study Involved in the preparation for special evenings. Whilst that individual interest was taken, they should pot forget that such societies' rewarded the individual member in time. (Bear, hear). They should be alive to -the present condition of affairs as a people, and that depended on the way they applied themselves so as to gain a necessary knowledge and to have the application of scientific principles. They had. books and the press, but there was no power like mind 'meeting mind people coming in contact in debate. (Ap plause ) . Therefore in all Schools of Arts there was a latent power whioh was bound to do good in the future; and he hoped residents of Berry would do their best to promote the interests of their institute, which sent forth missionaries and was un told in its -benefit?. *' It was not always the man they heard th'e' most of that did the most, as many a man who worked hard, yet 6aid little, had been of vast assistance to the world and Bid risen to fame with ont looking for it,.»s.He .trusted tho local institute'' would continue extending its sphere of usefulness. (Applause). Mr. W. Kennedy said he was st a loss that evening wherrtheir esteemed friend the President aeked him to address the meeting. He would; however, say a few words to impress upon the minds of the young men the fact that they had great responsibilities at future Australian repre sentatives. Many men there were to-day, with grey heads, who had done noble -work in building up the district and its institu tions, and had regard for future .genera tions. Similar work would have to be done by the young men and women of the present day, and he hoped they would avail themselves of every opportunity offered. There was possibly a young man in that humble room who might yet stir' up the world and become what Sir Henry Parkos now was. (Applause). If such there was, he could rest thankful that he had as good an opportunity and far greater advantages than those possessed by Sir Henry in his young days. And the only way to become as great was to join a society like the Berry School of Arts. ; (Applause). He remembered a debating society neat Kiama forty years ago which ? turned out a number of good men, includ ing John Marks, James Marks (now ; M.L.A. for a district near Sydney), the lat-3 Samuel Gray (once u member for Illawarra), David Lindsay Dyinock, and 1 others. Those men took a part in the i ? ? ' -' » ^i,gjiaaiHrt*^fc»i:.'- 1 work of the debating societies ;. if they had not done so, they would not be so- pro- minent in tho world nor of so much as sistance as they .wore now. He would in fact stake his existence that the society to which they belonged and in which they had so interestedly worked had built those men. (Hear, hoarj. If such societies had been in existence when he was young, he believed his position in the world to day would be different to what it was. (Hear, hear). He was pleased to be pre sent at that commemoration, though he could not regard himself as a visitor. (Applause), Mr. Hewlett said he was pleased to attend that meeting and to see bo large and representative a gathering. In Nowra the School of Arts was at present more spasmodical than Berry, but he hoped they would soon arrange for regular and methodical meetings. The Nowra insti tute had a fine building, but a large mort gage, the payment of interest on the loan for the building amounting to £97 10s. per annum. The Berry institute, he understood, had a good credit balance. (A voice : ' Locked up in the Bank.' Laughter). It was perhaps a good thing that it was locked up. (Laughter). He trusted now that they had the means of speedy locomotion between the towns, that the visits of the Berry and Nowra Schools of Arts members one to the other would not be so few and far between as they had been hitherto. The facilities they now had promised really a federation of the two societies, which ho hoped would oontinuo to prosper. (Applause). Mr. Ami. Hay said he was pleased to be present, though he was there as an apology more than anything else. He regretted that his brother was not enabled to attend. It gavo him pleasure to attend any function of that kind. The School of Arts as an institution was most estimable, and he was glad to be one of the members of the Berry institute. He quite agreed that street corners were not the proper place for young mon to congregate. They could scarcely have a better place than the School of Arts, whioh had in many places proved of great good to numbers of young men. It was essential that young men who wished to rise to a position of know ledge and service in the community should have books, a study of the best of which generally prepared the way to greater things. He believed that if the young men wore as attentive to the institute as the young ladies were, they would attond the meetings much oftensr. The Presi dent had referred to the brilliancy of an intellectual torch which he said had blazed there some quarter of a century ago. He was inclined to think that the same torch was still there and that it hod the same brilliancy. Something had been said as to the introduction of politics to such meetings. But he did not object to it. Sir Henry Parkes did not get his educa tion and knowledgo in the Universities, neither did the late Sit John M'Donald, of Canada, a man who represented one constituency for 43 consecutive years, and whs Crime Minister for 16 years. (Hear, hear). Those men found their way undur less favorable opportunities than those which offered so much to the young men of this country at tho present time. Ho was not there, however, to moralize, but if the influence of men like Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Colley, and others was for anything, he was sure that some of the lesser lights would be greater lights ere long. He hoped to be of some assistance to the local School of Arts. He would endeavour to attend the meetings regularly aud perhaps prepare some lectures. (Applause). The Rev. C. J. M'Coy, n former minister of tho Berry VVealeyaii circuit, delivered a happy address. He said the pleasure of his presence there that evening would have boon unalloyed were it not that he never in his life before felt so mean as ho did then. Some one had spoken of a ghost, and it reminded him of a ghost in the way of a promise which ho made to deliver a lecture for the Berry School of Arts. (Laughter). That ' talk ' ho had promisod them would, however, come off some day. Ho was very pleased that evening to renew his acquaintance with many friends with whom he had worked for several years in Berry. He was glad to see that the School of Arts was progressing. It was indeed pleasing to look back to the results of their work, though they would not be able to sec all of the results. He had been away from Berry about eighteen months, and he could say. that one of the pleasantest associations of his life was his acquaintance with Berry people. His connection with the School of Arts, he must admit, had influenced his life. In all those things they were influencing not only the young women and men there to-day but those of the colony at large. He was very sorry that the descendants of some of those men who had been mentioned that night did not follow the example of their sires, though he (Mr. M'Coy) had often given them a slight touch under the fifth rib. He regarded the Berry School of Arts as a model institution, and had often wondered how it kept its vigor so well. He did not know of any other town that had sa successful an institution of the kind. When be first went to that wonder ful metropolis of Jamberoo, he was told by s man, who never told a lie, that they had a society not only for greybeards, but one for youngsters as well, and that both were progressing. But he had never yet crossed -the Jamberoo School of Arts, though he had been there eighteen months. If the Berry School of Arts did nothing more than bring the young men and womenjko their hall and gave them a pleasint evening, they did well. They had, metaphorically speaking* to put then feet down on some of the amusements of the young men, and with that object in view, the Barry Society was doing vaoio than merely gathering the young men to gether. It was cultivating thought and a love of the . higher things, and if the society were buried to-morrow it would be * great loss indeed. (Hear, hear). He was quite convinced that - the local School of Arts had already done a' work which would tell on the whole colony. If the committee put . xheir shoulders 'to the wheel, they would have increasing interest m the institute, «na increasing profit in lame to come. '(Applause). .' : Sir, L. M'lwtSRB. J-P-i - the first presi dent of the School of Arts as re-constituted in 1881, also addressed the meeting in appropriate and enthusiastic terms.-. He had not been.-enabled to attend meeting* regularly pi late, but he had seen that the debates of the School of Arts were of a high order, on both local and general subjects. He had no doubt that mombers would continue their interest in the institute and supply those advantages which were not obtainable when' he first settled iri tho district. (Hear, hear.) He could say that in the old times to. which speakers that -evening i had referred, he and other residents frequently arranged good ' entertainments 'which attracted people from far and near. One of those entertainments, which would remain celebrated aB long as the last of the participants lived, was a play called ' John Barleycorn,' in which he (Mr. M'Intyre) took the title part. They had tor that play .large audieuees at Numba »nd Berry, although the settlement and moans of communication then were far different to what they wore at tho present time. Their roads' wore merely cattle tracks, and there were no improved farms and homesteads as now. Notwithstanding suoh disadvantages, the society at that time had the assistance of the Rev. Robt. Wilson, who oarao in from Gerringong, and of other people from Brother's Creek aud other places, showing that the society even that far back had the sympathy of the district. (Applause). He thought that the Berry district had progressed with the age, in every respect. Berry had good reason to be proud of the large assembly that evening to commemorate the inauguration of the institute, and he was glad that the ladies had not been forgotton, for without them he believed the institute would not be what it was. (Applause). Mr. H. G. Moeton, J.P., moved a rote of thanks to the ladies for thoir assistance in the celebrations. Mr. Alex. Hat seconded the motion, and it was carried by acclaramation, the proceedings immediately afterwards ter minating with the singing of the National Anthem. At intervals during the ovening Miss Hay sang a 'Venetian lore song, Miss Milligan ' Killarney,' Mr. H. L. Love grove 'Call me back,' Miss Reynolds 11 Ora Pro Nbbis,' and MisB Corner ' At my window.' The programme also in cluded a piano solo by Miss Gavey, and a recitation by Miss Milligan. 