Keep Out of the Past. Keep out of tho past 1 for ito highways Aro damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens are sere, and its forests are drear, And everywhere moulders a tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasureo Finds only a rose turned to duat, And its storehouse of wonderful treasury Is covered and coated with rust. Keep out of the past, it is haunted, He who in ito uvenue9 gropes Shall find there the ghost of a joy prized the most. And a skeleton throng of dead hopes, I (n place of its beautiful rivers j Lie pools tbat arc stagnant with slime, And those graves gleaming bright inthephos* phorous light ? Cover dreamB that wero oloin in their prime. Keep out ot the past t it lo lonely And barren and bleak to the view, its fires have grown cold, and its stories fire old, Turn, turn to the presont, the new I To-day leads you up to the bill tops, Tbat are kissed by the radiant sun, To-uay shows no tomb— all life's hopes in bloom— And to-day holds a prize to be won. -Ella metier Wilcox, Saw the Thing Through.—' ' How are you, Charley,' said one traveller to auotho* in New South Wales. ' Whert bftvc you been ?' ' Been visiting.' ?'Where?'' ] 'In Sydney.' ' indeed f I suppose you wont all tbo rounds.' 'You bet 1 did,' ' Saw tho Parliament Houses and went iown the harbor and all that sort ot thing V 'Yes, and I was down in bed tor two weeks with malaria. Oh, I tell you t didn't mi 99 any of it.1' The Other One —*' 80 you ha*o got a itep- raoth6r ? ' ihe said to the littlo girl of tDven. 41 Yes.' ' Well. I (eel sorry for you.' 'Oh, you needn't do that,' replied tbo little one. '? Please feel sorry for pa I ' A cheap thing iu summer hats— a dude's head. Philosophy That Means WoU — ' My dear friend, how -vere you able to acquire auch nn immense fortune?' ' By a very simple method.)' ' What method ia tbat V '? When I was poor I tno.de out tbat I was rich, and when 1 got rich I made oot tbat I wes poor.' She Waa Still Thero--' And 100 your father has gone 10 a misaionaryotationl ?' Yes ; we are quite alone now.' ? Dun't you miss the directing hand of your household I ' ' Oh, mother dida'fc go * ' A Melbourne poiiccman declarca that tic had ».o handle about 03 many pleceo of ade matter as they do at the po3t-ofilce. Some one say9 the age of a political party may be told by its rings. 1 