GEMS FROM THE SCHOOLROOM. Miss A. C. Graham, of Ancrley, has received a prize from tlie Uninrgity Cor radondeat for tho bc»t collection of school boy " mistakes"; and they are printed in tho current number of that periodical. la an accompanying letter Miss Graham says:—" When I learned one day tho remarlublo fact that ' Ilaied and Odessne translated Euripides,' I felt that tho time had come for action; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spread ing tho 'Now Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw j^e light on old subject;. I havo been f jpe years at it now, and havo pleasure i£, tending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bond-jidc answers, tho spelling and punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among " selected specimens " from Miss Graham and others, (riven by our contemporary, aro tho following :— Divinity.—Esau was a man who wrote fables and who Bold tho copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews, believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but tho Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore the- Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. —Titus was a Roman Emperor—supposed to bavo written the Eputlo.to thoHebrews —his other name was Oatcs. English Histoev. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he .waa in prison ho wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress "; and married a lady called Hn. O'shea.— Wolsoy was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crom well, "Ah ! if I bad only served yon as you havo served me, I would not have bcerr. deserted in my old age." Wesley waa the founder of tho Wesloyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry HI. ? A zealous supporter of tho Church, and.died a Disscn try.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church.—What is a Papal Bull! A sorttof cow,, only larger and does not give milk.—Petkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the, reign of Henry VIII. He said he was tbasoaol a prince, but bo was really the son of respectable people. Definitions.—Phiraicians.—The- invent ors of Phamician blinds. Bacchanal,—A native of Bcchuana, in South Africa. Chimaera—A thing used to 'take like uesscs with. Watershed.—A pluce in which boat* are stored in winter. Gender. —Is the way whereby wo tell what mi a man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar ie one pointed att the top. Immacu late—State of those who hare;paamd the entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics.—ls when :a mad dog bites you. Ib is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it E-Vousu Language axd LmaATtmc— Keata wrote a savage criticism on Endy mion, which brought on conanmption.— The sonnet is a thing that has its first four lines two meteors.(quartan) and. in lost ebc two meteors (turzetto).—Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 A.D.,when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin- French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years.—Hamlet was weak-nrindal. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro fains madness, he really only put it on but some people say he waa mad. One day when ho was fighting the king asked him if lie would have something to drink & lie had put poisin in it & Hamlet raid he would wait the Queen took it i then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies.— What do yon understand by the Augustan age in English Literature ? We mean the time of Gcdmon, who nourished aod wroto "Comus" about the time that St. Augus-. tine converted tho.people of Kent Miscellaneous.—Briefly describe tin heart, and its function orwork.—Tho bean is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy peti tion. These {lurts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so fortii. Tho function of the heart is between tho lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What is a volcano? A volcano is a very powerful rock.—What is the meaning of mer dt glaeti Mother of glass.—What are fossils? Fossils are those remains, of plan La and animals which keep best when left to themselves.—What fossil remain? do we find of fishes ? In some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.—What are the metomorphic rocks ? Itocks that contain metaphors.—"What is the matter?" queried a teacher. " You seem to be rather uncomfortable there." " I've got the interjection, sir,'"was the'unexpected reply.—Explain the words fort and for tress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women ;in.—What is a Republican? AKepubhcan.isa sinner mentioned in tbe Bible,—Thoitwo chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodomamlfcomorrah. 