A MYSTiFERY SOLVEDR: DETECTIVE STORY.? Sy SPEaO.US -' CH:APTER I. sreot heavens, boys! I just sata a dead angel 1" A" well?1'" cname thc enquiry, in a chores, fronu a dozen bnroue-faced and unuscliar young gentlemen, as they crowded round thle frst cspeaker. "A dead angel I" '"Where nd whlen i" "Pight themr, flnnting past on the tide:" and the hand :oleo youth pointed over the quarter.rail of the ynaht into the water. " A beautiful girl, eh 7 1Why how could you tell, old reoancaer, whether it wan the body of a beautiful girl or of some one of Inaturer years, who may haveo tuonled over from some one of thile peat l" Dash Kingsto'lcs face ewae as loin as that of a corpse, as he replirci, it n nearonest and solomn ianner--very uncharacteristic of his eenlt hilarious cnrieloseee- " I slw the fco ldistilctly, nnd, the fact is, I nrs so oenrciptnieei by its etartling ceoealy that, in my Ibowildnernt,sits I cade ino elffort to rescue the lovely corlte from the water." "Well, see hero," exclaimed one of the party, incoed tIttevaoy,"Let's lover thie boit nd capture, that dead beaty. Wne lads, crho psrido oursenvn on our decvotion to living beauties, shohldst not allowin lovely corpse to float away on the swelling tide, a dainty meal for the ponderous mlaws of some voracious ihark." 7No, no ! let it float away to sea," said Dash Kingston, as he drewo hisishapely hand scrors his face. "Let fllct oway to noac it is enough to be haunlted by its nmemory, without gazing osl tihe cklt, beautiful thi ng gain,"ho addcd. The plnce where the convers.ation abovne re corded occlrred an n oln the deek of a trim little ynecht, lshicll redo anchor off osTh Bay, Sydney harbour ; and the speakers wern. lnomleer of its ancatcar crew, who had jsot brought their craft to nasclcr after a week's cruise up the ccctt. It wtes a luvly croevein, abo t an lhmur he fore scset, whe e Dash Kingstone, oe Of the otrty, wnm Ioaning over the qisarierrail, and coas dreenily hoikioeg ' oen ieto the deep blue water, evet wclir flnehed o fier)y glin rer of gold froim the delplrtingl rays c the oun, awhen soddenly hoe was startled by seeing an object floating along towards him on the ebb tide. One monment later, and it was gliding directly beneath his paoe, when a strange, sharptsin tiere?d his henart, as lie recognisied that the corpsc swa that of a beautiful young iirl. So howilderd was he, tiht he stood like one transfixed, while the startling vision drifted by and disanpeared from sighit. It waes then that, suddenly recalled to him self, ho uttered the exclamation with which we open our narrative. Dosh Kingston was a well-made, handsome youth of twenty-two. His father had twen one of the wealthiest merchants in the city, and the only son of the millionaire had been educated to expect ono of the largest fortunes ever bequeathed to an Astranlian. He graduated at a foreign scrinl, and then spent two years in travel, and retulned home at the ago of twenty-foutr, to find himself an orphan and pennilci. Miing speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense Ianded estate and a heavy banking account, at his death hi left his son a nunlber of com pmaratively worthless scrip and his blessing only. Dalsh, however, was not one to murmur and complain. oe had his health, a good education, and the heritage of an unstained name, and he fc:t capable of fighting tile battle of life suc· emasefully. Although comparatively poor, he was none the Ires popular with his former eompanions, and the numbers of invitations to yachting or cursions and other slporting atmnii5usnts that hemceived really seriol interfered with his laudable desire to establish himself in his cho sen profession. Them were few men like Dash Kingston, however. He was a natural.orn hero. Handsome in person, generous and hbree, and an adept at all manly exercises. A thornusgh sailor ruld yachtsinan, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and ss restler, deatd shot withl either itoel or rifle, 'asd writls all, a whole seuled, manly, dare-devil youth a good friend, nd a bravo and lllagllniUlOU enemy. \Wltm eitn lany, one of his canm;anion', first suggested the rn.very of t the body, I)lh ob jected,as related,btit after a Inlslcnt'i tholcgilt he exclaimed : " Wh\\\'t a coward I have nsld'cnly becom afraid of a dead girl ! No, no- nover ! Lower away the boat there, boys ; who klow. hout that our owin bodies mila)y flcat lia.tless wlit the tide eoille dayc." A word of command ftRm Dash Ktingston was sullficient, and a feiw ilillutes later a ho.it was lowered, and Da-dh and two of his yonn friends lreaped into it and pulled away with the tide to seek for the be?atiful corpse. I'rolbably half an iolur had lcpassed sine the first discovery of the floating body, until the tlh?e youeng men were in the boat anld pulled awcc ill searclh of it "It is ocharoe if ve find it,"said teemway, rwho .was sitting in tile prow oi thie illtloLk. \'ell, go easy nowv; shy her a little to tile left; I sec snomething nhela." Ihi)ih, who w'as a thle oars, did: s dirtn-ed,e while Ilelwiy leanled finrwar Ield strained hi eyes in the thickeneing hllndows of twilight upon the object that had attracted his atten tion. "By Jove, boyp, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of a mnn. The river tmoat lb, str'wed with dead people. Steady, nowa, steady; a little mors to tihe left," contlinucd Ienomw'ay,and ie leaned forwanrd to see tile ohject, which had disa peared for a moment ino he holluow btitccn thell waves. Skilfully Dash guided the boat as he wns directed. A ollsnont they were lifted upon the crest of a swell, then swiftly they sht dclown, anld the boat thumped hclvily against a floa.ting ob Ject. "By thunder!" exclaimed Ilemway, in a hIuskv voice, " here it is; it is a womlan'e,after Dash drew in hi oears, and hi fricud gbrided the floating body iblidl tihe Ioat. It cwas not qeuiic dchcc yet, cccl leainilig over, le glanced at the cdark cij:ct, when he ex "lIt h?a fecCnl:le, certin, hut it haoi black dress a c; the bLie-,ycd corslo wia clothcod i white." "Then thic ic not thie bodyyou sawtl?" "Ti ic a go, Ihoy.," rmnarked Tone IHardy, tse third yc'th in the boat. "\V hat are wc i.'licg to dsl about it?"1 nskl the lpactical lllonwcsy; "e canoot cast it I'II ie sldlt if sso can take it into thibe olt," ia 1 isia~it l the oltlher olne," said Dadh Kinfto si, "l'!rhapol thle te wonmen wero in the boat c together, aid iwere Ipset siolnoewlero up tihe I "Gode(.?s, ser that !" iddunly exoclaloed I ITll lanliy. o heio larcd forward and took a c',.oar surrey of lthiu blac:k-rohd colllse, add 'hli las hliorIe a merder !" and ihe pointed I !osward the deaic si n \illllct'lc telmllce, 'ihereO a help incg woloucd i;cte viaihl', the whcoe asdeios the crhclccad lheio eahttCred ae thoughh by a blon" frcii i hludgccon, The lhlr11 : youi mlll n 0100l looked aghast at the IIfearful sight it sCleIcc for a lotieont, whel. 1Iliclay said : " iiy clion is that owe hand better cnt tills Il.ject idrift, end t,tll back to the yacht." " ?'\Ve iR too " it ishner and fasten it to nile ci tse iiloesr, whcelre it will be found in the lnilit?g;l',o can do no more," said Uase i tuiniUi. STwillht had deepened into night, but the S"red unlight had been succded by a re nd, full moon, which shonel o'er the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and Ilashed a silver sheen "over the dark waters. Toerrible ninl ghastlly did the fleo of the dead woma'n appear under the shadowy gleam of the ne'o:li.ll: :ilad, at the three yioungf ien looked shoe the owhie e cit bilote.l fea. tnme, each felt a cold chill cerdling around hlis heart. "P.ten the rope aron nd yonr prize," said ilHardy. and we'll get thrleuigh with the lirst ghwstly job." lle:eaey did as directed, and the black reced figure was tow'ed round i the stern of thile boat. The lboat wail now htac'dedl toward Woeleo nmolon Bay, :andl Dcsh Kingctol n rowed with a e~oo:nn regularrity, ans though at In loating fulntcrl, lit in lhnnr they arrived at tilewharf, whlen Dash said, in a leeky whi.i. :I "Fl'tetn it to one of the plilcs: quick, Ilml. way, we are liable to be discovered at any ilue. miont.e Assiteed by Tom Hardy, ilemway soon sueceded in flctening thIe b?:ly. attached by the rope, tol one of the PileSn when he said: "Now, then, Daih, pull out easily; all is right." Didl feoll to his oarn, and had just succeeded in iulling out from under the pier, when amd denly, fromn the dock over their hoad, carome the inqelry, in a grff voicc: "tHdI who goes there ?" " It's ' cop,' Dash," said Ilemnway " Pull for your life, now, Bub." CHAPTER II, The thire yoeng men in the heboat cared loss for actual ndvelnture than t:wy did for the glhastly work in which they had ieen engaged, and when Iecalccway cvelahimed, "Let her go it's it 'cop,'"' I sh laid to on hin oar.e, and the boat shot itt fren under the pier like a race oiat, "Lay to!" said the same gril voice from the dock. "Go hang your.elf!" ecald hback Toun Bardy, who was a reckless, darcedevil sort of a chap. Th'e answer to this polite invitation was a fictul-l lot. " Iy thunder ! the wretch take cs for river thivcc?," cela?ilneld Ielmway, no lie do:tgel a ball that whi.ced iver his head. Ihnlg! nlld cainl se?o.rt:a other shots in quick siiecceioinl, lit l>lah lingtulni'.s tnnlg rowing had carriedl themi beyond pistol-shot range. .. "Amn I heading for the yncht, boys ?" asked Dash. "Ye", all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping towancl tit, river as though it would hlry itclf in a mistofs ilver elray:" said IIemwany. " Are yon going to give up your search for the Ilue!-yed dead angel " Avled Tom. " I shall not continue my search juslt at pire. seint." And without nlothe!r woel Dash Xinglton pulled straight toward the yacht Susic. Oneo alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while lihe remlineo in the boat. " Are you not coining aboard, D])uhl i asked Hlemnay. " Not at present. Send TYano to me." "All right," was the answer, and in a few mnments a black face lnltruded over the side of the yacht, and its cohk:ured owner aneed: "You want me, Miisn Kingston !" "Yes, Yannko; I am going ashore, and I want you to come along vith me to bring the bat bhack." "All right, sah," replied the bhLckl, and hbe leaped over the quarter-rail of the yacht into the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to the rail and called out: " Whllere are you off to, Dash !" " Ashore," was thie reply,and the boat glided arway from the side of the yacht. " I'll be hanged if I don't think that Dash IKingston has lost his senses ; ie is going off on a night excursion all alone to fish for that blue eyed beauty that he imanin lihe sae floating by here a spell ago," muttered Turnm, as he turned away and joined one or twoof the crew seated by the cabin droor. in the meantime Iaiiit Iing: on had rowed silently towards the 'Manly s!.re, and running up umder one of the pier,, oe caid to the black Yunko: " I am going to got out here, and you can take the boat back." "When me pull away take you beak,I 1fisa Kingston ?" "You need not come at all; go ahead now ; I am all right,"anvereed D.ii, as he jumped ip ulon the wharf. Twenty minutes from th" departure of the boat, Dash 1Bingston glided out int, tile stream in a catrigged iailing-boat, ainddriftud awany with the tide. There was a stiff breeze bl'eeing directly towards thle ether share, and ])ash, thinking the lllject of whvich lie was in search had drifted there, heai-ld his boat in that dire tion. All the tray acrosn the halrhnr he kept his eyes constantiy oI the alort, a?anning every itlatiig object that lie passed with tih cl:oest scrutiny, but no sign of the white-rbced figure rewardel hint. Just o-'ti.le th? shore-.rell'he steered his bat so as to sanl as near the beach as Iposible, and so connumeiced to llake a complete circuit of the shore. lIe had not proceeded very far ere lie b held a dark object moving low'ly along the beach. Wondering what the man ie lhad seen was up to,iDrah tiured hli boat out f?tlnctlhe wlhre, so as not to attraet the attention of the wan: darer on the bcach, while lie himself could see the inani tovenwnts. P'rcoently DaU h saw the man on the beach cum" to a halt, and stra:l his eyes out upon the water. Dash had brought his boat to, and was len ing over the gunwale, when hle sat the strangely-neting nuon weade into the wacter,nlo the nex t et eize lanobjejct lloatingon the crest of a wav'e. Dioiing to blis foot suddenly, Dash leaned forward, and .?ion behld a sight that caused him to exclaim: " By Jove, lie hins found it?" and he iemme diately headed toward the promonntry jutting out froin the shore. CHAPTER III. Thle youth felt greatly excited. His eye. beantimel with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his hlandi.ome features a- elee ran for the Isho(,re. "That fellow is a hird of prey," omt ered (dalh, cc le mliieevd stedlthily along, dodyieg from reck to 'abk. By thiletime din youth arrieiil in silght ol the mac ccl lhi ,re' tchel hettler hahd stereceded in halieg the b ,ey ;elyoie,'i o d hiii? i ivelme'nte at 111 htrco chit 1-ingctn's eteeici s'ero corrct, ac thne latter wa aelo ito see, by the eid of the minIlight, that l at c thit very nolneit tllhe feIivw wa trying to pll eL ring froni the fillbgr o'f the celrpse.' CKeping ont of view, hle observed the man's movelentLs for a iso:ellt, while lnitkinig ipiilii mLind hcui to elinceed. It wnas an intrveeoly clear night; the light of thlu moon inladi objects ainlest as pldinly visilloas at noonday. Klingtoi w~s still 'indcoidcl as to whnrt ex. cSe hie oiould offer for dlistcrbiEg the man, when he saw the ltter draw a ehllp-kniife from hlis ilcket and mnake a niovrnuint is though about to nevcr one o'l theu dead girl's lingeons. The youthl codd not stand this, and lneaping forth, he shouted : " Ifold on, you wretchl; whant are you doing tiero'?" "And who may you hrl" acked the man, in a grulf voicO, trning rounld and standing roveoled in thlo ioonlligt, wilthl thedoad girlk' hiondcla?p d iin onu hlnd nod tlleglittering knlife in the other. " I am one who will nt stand y and permnit you tio mnutilate thie dead." "Youn be, chl Well, see here, my young counter flipper, if yon dlon't anmut marcth and go ialnt your buiunea I'll aslother you in the wcrater there." The younngman glanced anlnt in every diree. tion,and his eye fell upon a piece of a broken ear lying open the beach. A tmoent later lash hand securvd it. It proved to be the o n d, heavy e-d, and the youth wae d.lihlfted that the hla: s?ecureed such an excellent cudgel. Srciing the en:dg.tl firmly, he moved toward the rufllian with tihe imarod, in a threatening tone : "1lMy friend, you will have to nmre away." The mna droppedt the dead l.mnd, and growl ing monre like a dto,, than a lhunlan being, as he drlw frent his Ipcket oa pitol, and aimino g it at 1)fsh, excclairn in a fierce voice, and with ltny eaths: "Look here, Mi!ter ! I've just got a little tay here thata worth a million of sticks like th:at; and if you eloo't want a hole in youar skin yb'll nlooey, and ot maike any bones about it, either." Dash did net halt oas ommandtd, butl,boldly navanced toward the villain, detenrined to btitg matters toe a decided islle at once. Tile man levre!htrl his Ititl, and oshoo ted : "Stand back, or by - I'll thot !" Still, without flinhliing, DaRh advanced. There came a e!icn, but no report. At the moment that the man pulled the trigger of his pictel Daeh aswung the bludgeon in the air. As the Irishman says, "' shillelah never misses tire," and the piece of oar speed throung the air and des ended upon the wrist and hand of the murdotonu bolly robber, knocked the pistol from his grasp, and compelled hinl to yell with plain.. Still the man tae not overcome. Springing back, he drtw a unlurderos-took ing knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antaogmist. The latter, however, was too much for him, and quite a lively skienich iollowed. Both men dodged and parried upon the beach in the preroence of the dead body of the youeng girt. Iingston's kindness prevented him from sring his fonnidable weapon, ashe could have lIis object was to k;noek the knife fromn the man's hand as he had done thie pistol, and then drive him off. ITnfailed to secceed,and the stubbornness of the man invited his oot d.omn. "'f ill you makeo ei?!" askaed Dash. " And leave tie diam,eds and jewels to you, pard! No, no, replied the man, from between i his clenched teeth. "Then your fate be on your own head," exl claimed Dash. "Go keerful, young man; this is murder, yer know." " Will you make off?" "No !"yelled the man, and with afearful oath he made a spring at Dash. "The latter was prepared. His pratience was also exhausted, and down came his cudgel, when the foiled sebber sunk uplon the wat trod. CHAPTER Tv. A wieir and ghost-like scene was pre.sented upnn that lonely hearh under the bright moon light as Dash dropped upon lis knees on the wet sand, and leaned over the Inle, stark face of the dead girl. tEven while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-formed lips would I part, and from the pearly teeth wourld cone a sneet voice, n- king, "'\Where anm I ' I sttinclvely he brushed the damp hair nside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore. head. It was cold-icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as though he had laid his warn hand upn a statter carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at tile rullian he had stricken to the earth. Knreling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. Hle lived; and, with the muttered remark: " It is hard to ki!l such scoundrels." Dash re tunfed ned contneplnatePd the white fleere of the murdered girl. While he gazed his eye fell upon an objets that glittered like a ?par:k of fire. A closer inspection lroved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened uponl the girl's finger. lfe stooped, as tholgh about to remove it, bhe a rervous repulsilon canced him to start hack and edxclaim : "No; I cannot rob the dead !" Then his eyes fell n;?oa two other jewels that sparkled in the girls ears. "What shall I do? If I leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for a-sistance, some other vandal like yon scamp may come along and possess himself of them," he enodttered. After rolleting a moment, he added: "I will remove them and hold them for the frienda of the dead girl." Da)sh was Imnem succoalnul than the rolbber had been, and had but little difliculty in re moving the jeoaels. Ife had but jnst possessed himse!f of them when he heard voices,and uon raising his eyes hosaw the glimmer of a light approaclung to ward him along the beacth. "Great heavens! If I am found with those jewels on me I will lte lookd up,:,on as a robber of the dead :" he suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively h turned, as though to run away. ." omean no harm, but I must protect my. self," he muttered, and with a cat-lil:e step he moved away. After proceeding n shnrt d estance he ascended the bank that lied the beach, and mloving stealthily along, retrnced his ateps to a point oppoeite to where the body lan. lre had but just time to concenl himseltf when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached the opot where theo white figure Ino. Tile men thet but jusst diconvered the body, nrd a scene of excitement flloweod. Fromn his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, heo had a premonition of the terrible mistake he had manle. "The Irel Ialen foul murder heren said one of the mene, nas h held his lantern down over tile face of the dead girl. "It has beena a doable mnrder," cried an other of the men, as his eye fell upon the form of the man. "No, y thunder ! This fellow lives," he addcd, after a elmoment, as he felt the wouwtvled man's pulse. "Yes; I live," came the response in feeble tones. " Wehat has happened ?" asked the men in chornes, ac Ihoy gathered rounod. " nGive om. a drink tirt ; I am dying of tltir:?." One of the newcomer? had a flask with himn, anl ptat it to thle nan's lile. Tio lattor drank, and seemed greatly ro " A terrilh crinot has just been colnntlted before my ayep." "Tell ns hboat it, qeaickt I Theren may yet be a chancen to capnture the rsassin." Tie fel low pretrnded to te very mrlch over aoen hy ile terrelot scenu he had witneoeed, and als to feel Itad frol tile offect of tehe blow he had received; but takillg another gooad pull from the hfok, he said: "I was walking lh:olg the heach, whesln I ra-w a struggle going on ill a let a lit leo ol thel shore beotween a inaa lld a wOonoIIca. T'ml'lan finally rcited an nor aeod struckl thle girl a Ilw em the hack of the heacd,.rud ro" foell everlrolrd, whetn the mne saoiled away." "And this is thle girl that waos mrdcered ?" "Yes ; I recovered the otdy after ral hour'a labour, and had jet succeedeld in haulling it ashoret when the assassine retbrnme lie ns saulted me, and ia struggle followedl, Ilet withl thonamenar with which helo crueld in tihe skull of the girl he laid m?o oat, then rolowd the body of theo gilrl of several vtalablo Jewels, Icesd toeamed."' I Idnt heard the lwhole story, ned wonlo haven rushed down and denled it; hbut, alas ! circun stnrc?d wore against him. Tieho girl's he?l had been crusheled by a tIond p?eone, and hle really had the jewels on hlie ter son, nlthoghl for lto ulllnwful perpoco, SOne of thle men wns left with thie Ibody, while the others starteld to notify the autholrities, ato that an immeadotte .ardch might bhe instituted for tihe suiponed noalosonm. 'Th nonn had fnrnnished an nec.rneelon dscrp lion of i1ish Kingston, and, as tlh littr stolo away,he fully realir?ed his peril ;: ircmnstan-ne -fatal circulnstalne., wnen , nagin'lt himanlld hn had nnconociously ynsi,tned in gathering theml about himn. ienll ceeded in reachmthrity withnott betin dinoverend, nod uplo:the f0llowingor0n0 inR read in the I l .pers til t. usual s mnl atio, al and ex cneratedl on lonnt of a dli.,olical nlonder, ion cl !i;ng an o ccluate descrilption of the clothing worn yli the nsslssl, andnl n garbled description of his iaer on. 'Tho Inattr had gone so far thIl: flash dared not nown disclose lhiln-elf oall relate tihe true facts ; and in hI ovthat the n ai tere weuld ll lw over in a fewo dnay, he shaled on hi hiniois!;ers, and Inoni?tanch, Innl in olllen oyslr 'ltnred his nlearalnncr. and mIlinglln e?Clet to hi frienls, wenrt to Žeillnourne. UIoln the very evenioy oi his nrrivol hIe an pa?sing the dloor n, to e ale??in ' pearrin the hotel, when he beheld a sight that canoeld iis heart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in hi rinl . lhere. .naondlin in the centre of thln :rloutr, wan alaldy ; nlld beyond ansy qunst:onlf doubt marvellosu as it 'cmente, thlnt lady Ithat his ey'e rested nnzomn nens the hninot, hrnathilno girl tion, tnle bodo of d whom in hn?lievid hoe lnad Ifl nion the Rolie o ay shore under the moonlight seone horn beforo. At firt hI thought itmightbe onlya fancied renlnbla1co. l-ecovering his solf.pnsoseion, he teptIed inno thI moone ilhnro noon not thn least possibility of a miT lio there nron the same fentnrnes, the ?sme lovely blue eyes, the anmo golden tresnosn tihe e?llsitnso month-a!l,nll thr san0o, ' nhl, IMnononoI non I monnnr lo-vs T hien dreaming some horriole dreami" murmnurs. Dash, as he staggered from the noon. But the idea of a dreamn ras quickly dis. pelinl. ish Iannd pressed the joewels in his lamckt. and the blue eyes were turned towarl himn in wondering anmazement IoLu as u. rUlnuVotsuln.. 