A DOCTOR'S STORY. (From the Speaker. ) Once in the course of a medical career of nearly fifty years I saved a patient's life. In other cases I have my doubts ; but in that one I'm certain of it. You'll take another cigarette % What, no 1 Then black coffee ! me patient was a iaay — young,ana not unpleasant. That gave me an interest rp. the case. She lived at Surbiton. I had never Been her before I was called ia for this particular illness ; but one day her husband came to my house in Harley atreefc and wanted me to go dowu post haste with him to look at her. He was particularly anxious to get a firstrato London specialist's opinion, They'd had a general practitioner down at their own place, he said, but that wasn't enough for him ; he distrusted Gr.P.'s. He insisted upon getting the very best advice for her. A. tall dark man, tha husband, with keen deep sunken eyes. He looked a Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor. But what struck me most about him was the queer little fact that though he expressed the greatest anxiety and desired to show the deepest affection, I couldn't help feeling it was my opinion he wanted far more than my assistance. He laid great stress upon the point of my being an undoubted authority. Whatever I thought of the case he would know it was right. Ho didn't care about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors ; he didn't truafc their prognosis ; but I — if I told him his wife would live, be could be sure sho would recover ; and if I told him — well, the worst — why he knew he must accept it with resignation. (Cam bric pocket handkerchief.) I went down wiih him a/id saw her. She was very ill indeed —a most pathetic young woman ; ahe roused my keenest sympathy But it was the queerest case. I ever knew in my life — I could make nothing of it. I told the husband she was seriously ill — I doubted her recovery, she had sunk eo low ; but I didn't understand it. His eyes had an inscrutable gleam in them when I told him that j but he answered vary anxiously, ' Can't you put a name to it ? It would be satisfactory at least to know what it is that's the matter with her.' ' No, I can't, I replied. ( In the whole course of my experience I never yet saw anything liko it.' His face foil a little. Long medical practice has made me observe the quick shades of emotion that pass over faces. 'I wo-sin hopes you would have under stood it,' he said, very slowly, with a hard look into my eyes, pointing e^ch word with emphasis'. 'It was for that I went to the best London authority. I thought these ordinary suburban men might fail to make it out, but that I was sure of an opinion rrom a great JUonaon specialist. They told me your forte was diagnosis.' Clever of him, 1 felt at tho time, to try thus to work upon my professional pride and my professional susc?.ptibilites. He fancied he could force mo or cajole n-« into giviug it a name. That was decidedly sharp of him, but it overahot the mark. It gavo me a firat cluo to the real nature of her illness. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no object, the affectionate husband said often. All he wanted was to be sure hia dear wlfo had the benefit of the very best medical advice and assistance. Tho third day I was so puzzled I took my assistant down, ?with me without telling him why. I sent him in to see her. When he came out I said to him, ' Well, Harvey, what do you . make of it ? ' ' I don't make anything of it,' he answered. 'I can't. It looka to me unique. I don't in the leaBt understand it.' « Neither do I,' I replied, stroking my chin. ' That why I brought you to Bee it.' We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assistant said; very dubiously, ' The fact is, Sir Everard, it appears to me — ' ' Well; go on, man ! Out with it ! ' c Not a case of natural disease at all, but a case of poisoning.' 'Precisely my opinion,' I answered, giving a start. ' I brought you here to confirm it,' I went into the sick woman's room again. ' I want to ask you one question,' I said, in as soothing a voice as possible. ' You may think it an odd one. Is there anybody who would benefit in any way by your death V She gazed up at me feebly. ' Not a soul' she answered. ' All I have in the world I've left by will to dear Archie. That Bettled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the diningroom. The husband was there, sitting uneasily by the window. He looked at me with an anxious face. 'Well, I've formed an opinion on the case at last,' I said, 'and so has Dr.' Harvey here ; but perhapB it may distress you or annoy you to hear it.' He glanced nervously at ruy assistant ; then at me in return. I had placed myself on purpose so that both our eyes were upon him from every angle. He-, shuffled in bis chair. 1 Oh, I'm prepared for the worat;/ he answered with a sickly Btnile. ' E know she can't recover.' ' Then do you desire me to give you the honest opinion I've formed,' I aaked, ' at the risk of offending you ?, ' Yes, I wanb your opinion,' he answered ; but his lips quivered faintly. 'It's that that I called you in for.' I Btared straight into his eyea. I fixed him with mine. He couldn'c avoid them without catching Harvey's. 'Then my opinion isthiB,'Isaidslowly and distinctly, ' that if your wife dies — you'll be hanged for it.' He never moved a muscle on his face ; but his colour went witb a rush— he was white as a ghost in a moment. He rose with an effort. This is a ' mauvaise plaisanterie ' he cried, ' at such a time as thiB ! A mauvaise plaisanterie, !' (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him al these critical momenta.) ' No plaisanterie at all,' I answered, very grim, ♦ but a simple statement of my medical opinion. Look here, Mr So and bo, we are two ; you are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she re covers, we will hold you answerable. You wanted the best advice. Well, now you have got it. Don't suppose you can deceive me by using a' little known poison. I won't let you murder her. Your wife must recover. I have my eye upon you. If anything ever happens to her, now or hereafter, I shall take good case there is full inquiry ; and so will Dr Harvey. I say no more than tnat. .ana x wish you a very good morn ing. To-morrow, when I come, I shall expect to see a marked improvement.' And bo I did. She was decidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In a month she was at Harrogate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature and I allowed her to go on loving him. But I confess I was relieved when four years later he providentially broke his wretchsd neck on the Schreckhorn. It unburdened my mind of the responsibility of watch ing him. In other cases I have my doubts. Bub in that one I'm confident I really saved my patient's life ; and I should think you agree with me. 