" HOW~ HIALTL WE DECIDE TRIS QUESTION1V, f. Now, which 'is the worse- to 'blvea no appetite for your dinner,, or to have no dinner for your appetite! : , There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most ofus are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or ,a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common. sense of .it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, be cause, short of the statration like a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and.dosen't .feeL.like eating, stands in need of "*alerations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a communication' in which the writer says, "I was afaid to eat." Did he fancy hid food'was poisoned. or did- his' nature rebel agaiist the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, "In the year ISS3 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months. and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. Mly mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary, articles of diet sremed to lose ,thei ftlvonr; the ,alate, to put it in that way, appeared to havenolhing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred,withhidah ioe down the middle and yellow fur iouind.it Myly bieath was offeneve imad my appetite poor, with pine through the cheat and sebouldeis, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Thenl waes greatly troubled with wind. -It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act ai if it would choke We cannot winder that under these cicuinmstances our friend failed to do justice to hid meals. He adds that there was what he calls' "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some harp ietrument.: Then, again, at times he was attacked witlh spasms, the agony of ihbich wvai so severe that the sweat rolled off him. '."I dreaded,". he says, "the ttiodgh of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, f5r I ws afraid.to eat. , "After'a time I got ioto a slow, weak, nervones'eoditiin, sa. felt miserable, as if eomething'w o goi,~n to happen. aut this camsed ne to loee a good deal of sleep." . ' What hp meant by.the fearof " bomcthin, golng to' lappen" is, of, course, the fear of some calamity, such nas the loss of his position, his own dekth, or the death tf anmebody dear to him. This wa due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state Of tlhe blood (the life bearere, his unstrung nerves, and to the brain eofeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of'thbi form of illness is always full of ghosts and g hblns, the creatures of a restless and uigoverned imagination. " Wit'a great diffliculty ho e sa y, " stuck to my work, for I had a wife 'nd family depending on the. So I strggle lea, hut what I suffered for over two' yeas?'Is past.my powers of description.- -.I am. sur no one bas iuffered no much n I Ihave' done." In the latter statement be is undoubtedly wrong. One's'own pain in; one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pai.' There' is a enunt leos multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched: eiperience, only we dom't happen to come in touch with them.. * Well, the writer finally - mentions that after all medical -treatment had' left him where it found him he chanced to read in. a book a ease exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seiget's Syrup. ° My. wife," hesays. ',*got me a bottle at Mr. Langatatfe, in Woodlesford, and after usnogits contents the ailment left me ,and hbp??e nev;r ret?ened ntane'that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me.. I have bhen empnloyed by the. Midlan Ru ilway Ooopany for eleven Si5 d) " tGEt I" OT, ., • "Car Bothii R?ad. , , "Apperley Britlge, vcar; iLtd.,:.. Wd polotislti;thist y- Mr RHoots odesire,, in order thClnt part of the world dat least many know ho'v thankfult lo''t'nie'd' 'for what' "reason.' ý}. . .. 