A StuOy in Jest Making;) ton Pihipi' Gets a Commission and Pbo OEEDS TO EXECOTE IT. VeBSEKAJEING EXTHAOBDINABY. THB RePOHTEK AND THE Polony. Visions op Greatness. Thb Lay -op thb Thaveixbd Parag-haph. Eeasoks fob Believing that Noah Couldn't Spell. Honesty is ihb Bebt Policy, && .-,;?? : Jokes forgot by Nioodemus, And by Bomolos and £emns, And the Cyclop, Polyphemus, And hie cannibal compeers. ? Jokes that send a quivering spasm, Through Tarawera'a chasm, . To the primal-protoplasm Of the prehistoric years. , I received the following letter by one morning's post from the editor of a paper now extinct': Dear Frrrjn, As yon are no doubt aware, we hare sent our humorist for three weeks' treatment to the Centrifugal Whisky-pumping Anti- Drankenness Association — all for niz. We are consequently a little short of jocular matter, and would be '-pleased to receive one column from you first thing in the morning. Let it be a collection of light, airy trifles— titillating the public Tib gently, not bruising its torso. Yours till the ghost walks, PXTMAJJ BlXJELEAD, Baiter. And so I flit, well-nigh on midnight — pen, ink, and paper before me, wooing un willing Momue. How easy it is to say, ' Write a column of original jocular mat ter.' How hard it is to comply with the request. Why, 'tis easier to build a column of granite ; and then, when you have built your column, of aiiy trifles— working down ward all the time — how difficult it is to weave round it the acanthus leaves of en during litezary fame. I make a' solemn compaofc with myself not to pun j_ not to adapt anything from the German or the Yankee ; not to be Mark Twainian or Bret Hartesqu* — to be no thing but purely Pixipian. So here goes. A stupid parody is generally the best thing to start off with— and let's see — . How doth the busy journalist, In weather dry or sloppy, Investigate each incident. And turn it into copy. H'mt Sufficiently stupid and Inconse quential. Before I finish the poem I must make a reference to the polony in the hat. No joke about a journalist is complete without this referenoe. Try another verse, and then I'll work in the polony some how — He gives it to the editor, Who quickly marks the ' breaks,' And sends it off to. the foreman bold. Who chops it into 'takes.' That is the stodgiest verse I ever wrote in a lifetime largely spent in writing stodgy verses. Besides, it's too technical. However, if I can say something really new about the polony it will excuse the etodeiness and discount the technicality. Now about the polony in the hat I The police court reporter always carries about a eauBage concealed on his headgear. You can invariably tell him by his sausagy odor and the greasiness of his hat band. So that even a sausage has its revenge on its cruel oppressor. Once at Auckland, New Zealand, I was standinr jOTffcfre hurricane deck of a Yankee mail-boat, and was mistaken by the crowd on the wharf for Hanlan, the sculler. ? The crowd cheered. ' A tribute to my literary reputation,' thought L But as I raised my hat in graceful acknowledgment, out dropped a pp3^n^»liipBni;-p*as ' two ' dogs and a newsboy fought on the wharf for my sausage, the populace4* took a -tumble,' and their' plaudits turned to jeers. Oh t the humiliation of that moment I On second thoughts, I will leave out all reference to the polony and let my poem stop here. It will be a novelty to make no reference to the sausage in a journa listic poem. When the readers start the first line — How doth the busy journalist, . they will predict that that polony is going . to be rung in again, and they will sneer an exceeding great sneer ; but when they get to the end and find that the sauBage doesn't loom up in its wonted place they will marvel greatly and they will try back for «t v- nA«nn(lfl A** rt 4*\i fltl T*.n OTT Tin II CbJ-L Ovl-UDIXW} GbUU. VUVU UU.CJ WV J.J-*. think that there is some hidden meaning in it, and they will cut it put and they ?will show.it to one another,' and each will ask the other with a questioning ?mile, ** If they can see it?' and they will lie to each other on their beards, and will say that of coarse they can, but that it takes a surgical operation to get a joke into some people's heads. But they will all depart on their several ways more mystified than ever, and they will wait for next week's paper to see if the ' have ' is explained, and they will spend the ensuing seven days in keeping their smile in working order ; and after the ne^tt issue has appeared the circulation of the paper will have doubled, and my reputa tion will be made, and I will become rich and famous and will marry Nanette— Pooh ! Biff 1 ! Common sense, man, common sense. Great Parkes is stating with' its iron tongue that it is 1 &.m., and you have written but eight lines of hope less rot that bluelead certainly wont print, though, p'raps, yon might get it into the ~-t — b I really must give -the next hour $# solid work, -A few verses on a little -paragraph of mine* that has just completed a journey round the world would do. The paragraph is— -.;?' urnitnornyncus .oinxiSGon, ox oyuney, has a : son who collects rates. It is in accordance with the eternal fltnesB of things that a son of the discoverer of the oilparpue nature of the platypus should be »^-eaet with a bili.' * |pome,Mueel .'-.-.. ? J3& only a little travelled par, Thsb^fitst'^awligiA; ?' - ' In tbje cblnmnB bright, -? ?.-.--??? ... ; -' pf^efimartest « jerfc'* in Australia. , The'man who wrote me got twopence » line, , Aad-itwopenny wit, . As sure's piere you eit, Ie lie saltest of attic brine. , . I tacavelled O'er land land eea, ' And Turk and Buasian— GreeTc and Fiugo, Each doctored me np in his curious lingo. And I'm not the joke that I used to be. Thai, I hack to Sydney hail, £fa& alLthe editors see me and dip me t And with1 laughter shake, as the scissor* snip mej But I whisper ' Delete me, sir, Tm stale.' There's an honest little paragraph for yon! It wouldn't Appear twice in the same town If it could help it, but then J bwro toought lip all my ? /jests to be -law-abiding and£ truthful^ and its tender oonscience wouldt' not allow it to deceive even the editor' who three years ago told me that he was 41S columns overset, and consigned it to the waste- paper basket. , . A journalistic friend of mine sometimes advances the theory that Noah took 'two jokes into the Ark with him, and that all the quipB and quirks of the post-diluvian world are descended from these hoary old witticisms. Mebbee t At sa.ny. rate, I will go qp far with him as *o admit' that nearly every jest I have come across for the past 10 years or so is old enough to entitle it to the franchise. However, we'll let that pass. Speaking of Noah reminds me 'that the humorists of his time may have been clever in their way, but they had no solid quali ties. Noah, who was certainly no humorist, was the only man of his day who knew when to come in out of the wet. Another point in Noah's favor is that he left all the animals of the hard- spell genus outside to drown. Perhaps his education was. weak ; and, when he same to write out the mani fest of his cargo, he just simply ** shoo'd ' off all the polysyllabic animals as the easiest method of escaping from an ortho graphical dilemma. Br parity of reason ing, all the monosyllabic animals — the cat, the dog, the rat, the mouse, the cock, the hen, the duck, Sec — - were, I argue, given passages without demur, merely because of their simplicity o£ nomenclature ; and I endorse Noah's action. Suppose, for instance, instead of the horse, we had the masto donpteringaloid to ride, what a , change it would make in our every-day life ? Imagine a few newspaper extracts: For sale, a young bay mastodonpteringaloid. Guaranteed to go in single or double harness. Or this, from the vaticinations of a turf writer — the daring originality of style of the turf-writer is proverbial : He is the gameet mastodonpteringaloid that ever looked through a bridle, and seems -fit to run fora kingdom. I. therefore think that whatever beats him will win, &c;, &c.; Or we might have had our matutinal etrg laid by a oyoolrhymosmus instead of by the common barn-door' hen, and then con ceive the John Robertsonianisms that would abound if your neighbor's plequid exolongious kept breaking into jour lucerne patch. Noah did right, Noah did right 1 * ? ? ? Heigh, hoi Hera it is 2 a.xn., and I have no column, ao acanthus leaves, no chance of marrying Nanette, no tobacco, the first ' leg ' of my NewmarketAus tralian Oup double scratched, and an absolutely idealess head. Now, just behind me on the escritoire is a heap of English comic papers — Punch, Moonshine, Ally Slopes, several varieties of Bits, et hoc genus omne. Shall I take one little peep into them for inspiration, one tiny little glance ? I f «el myself yield ing to the Tempter. . If I gat right round on my chair I know I will succumb. A desperate Btruggle I I have conquered. The comics remain untouched, and I go to bed with an easy conscience. \- * * * * Next morning I write to Mr. Pitman Bluelead : Balmsin, * The TTmteenth of Umtember. Dear Sir,— Saving juBt received an engagement to catalogue a theological library, I must decline to indulge in any frivolous writing whatever. Besides in my present mood I am afraid that my humor would not be up to Eichard. Trusting that you will soon get all the whisky pumped out of your psychological drunkard,— I remain, &c.;, Turn PxErpi. * ? * * Same day, noon. How rejoiced I am that I put away from me the temptation to steal a few jokes from these English comics ? I have been through the whole heap, and haven't found a single joke that I would willingly father. I am more than eyer resolved that when in the throes of literary parturition I will be honest. Honesty in joke- making — ? if not in pony-racing— is the beBt policy. TIMI PIRIPL According to Mr. Basil Hall Chamberlain, a well-known Japanese scholar, the Japs are verit able disciples of ?'Topsy-Turvydom.' Here are a few instances. Japanese books begin at the end, the word finis coming where we put the title page. The footnotes are printed.at the top of the page, and the reader . puts 'in his marker at the bottom. Men make themselves merry with wine, not after, but before dinner, and sweets come be fore the principal dishes. A Japanese mounts his horse on the right side ; all parts of the harness' are fastened on the same side, the mane hangs that way, and when the animal is brought home his head ie put where his tail ou?ht to be, and he is fed from a tub at the stable door. Boats ace hauled up on the beach stern first. Japanese -do not say norfch-east or south-west, but east-north or west-south. They carry babies, not in their arms, but on their backs. They huutbbb a lebcer me reverse way to us, pnccing tne name last, the. country and city first, goiner from the general to the particular, and in place of writing Mr. John Smith, they put Smith, John, Mr. Japanese keys turn in instead of -oat Their, carpenters saw and plane towards, not away from themselves. In keeping accounts they write the figures first, the item corresponding to them next.; Politeness prompts them to remove not their head-covering, but that of their feet. The impulse of Japanese girls is to sew on cuffs, frills, and the like, topsy-turvy and wrong side out. The Bebmnee Tageblatt recounts that the band of a Berlin battalion during the recent manoeuvres had assembled ina meadow to practise a serenade which they-intended to give their major on his birthday. The director was about to com mence, when his attention was diverted by a little boy, who was being chased by a young bulL The musicians were horrified to see the distance between the pursuer and the pursued gradually diminishing, when, jost as the bull was about to -ran its horns into tie little fellow, the ^director gave the signal to begin. The band struck up, and-the bulLstood as if rooted to the spot at the unusual sound. A fresh burst of the brass instru ments and the creature rushed off wildly in the direction of the nearest village, glancing back occasionally, and roaring as if in mortal agony. Which proves the - truth pf ^fche - old aphorism about ** Music hath 'charmB.' ; , ' 