A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT . PAINTER, 41 1 suppose,' I remarked, 44 bhab portraib painting hclp3 a man to become ; a good reader of character V ? * ? 44 Certainly,' said Sir Georgo Roid. 44 1 am becoming quito an expert in judging of n fncc. St ill, I would say this : that phrenology is far from .being an exacb science : and I havo noted it ns a very remarkublo and a very delighbful facb that almost invariably I havo a far higher opinion of my sitter when the portrait is finished and I have learned to know him than I had formed ou first sight of him. Take iny word for it, thero is u wonderful lot of good in human nabure.' 'And what do you think of portraib painting nowadays, Sir George?' 41 It is decidedly promising, nnd youece. much Lhab is really good. But, oh dear 1' ho continued, as ho roso from his chair and began bo walk up and down the room, 44 who can excol thab wonderful Velasquez? No man of to-day can come up to hiini ' I would rather go to him than to. anyone else. But you'll never understand him' till you t;o to Madrid, nnd seo him there. Sixbyof his finest paintings. There you have him in his early, his middle, nnd hid late period. Tho early is bighb'and- hard, violcnb iu light and shade. In his'middlo period vou begin to feel a now sorb of idea ; ifiere is moro' Nature iu him, bub ho .is still hard, there is no looseness. Bub gradually towards ithe end how he eoitens and tones down, ' and yob wlmb intense roaliby there is ! Can't you fed how!. actual his people are? ' cricd tho now fuirlv excited artist, ns he pointed to tho wall' upon which hung some splendid photo* grnphic reproductions of Velasquez's finest woiJ-s. ... 1 . Aud then, brnnching off for a moment, Sir Georgo turned U me, nnd said 44 Why do Whistler's portraits attract bo much? Because,' ho continued, replying to his own question, 44 they uro ghosts, they are shadows. It is as if you went into a crowded dru wing-room -and saw a ghost flitting here nnd thero nmougsb the actuali* ties ot warm flesh and blood. That is why i Whistler's portraits are so rcmarkabW— | thoy nro nob people, but ghosts. ? ' Anu now to come back to our triena Velasquez. Notico tho wonderful landscape in that 'Potcrand Paul'of his ; look up bhab valley, away up the distant moun tains nnd tho nearer ridges running down towards the strenm that, though ib is in tho foreground, he has dared to paint eo vory thinly, slightly. 'Bub you seo in thab picture all the quality of infinitylhafcyou.se© in Turner's work. —CaMfW's Family, Magazine, 