-.7-: -ipafibOtF'ifKoSf Mr. Arthur Tremayne writes as follows to the 'South Grafton Mercury We must premise tHa£hiah£iit -isAhere\ set- tiown- » #&afiew;"af-f6re1fchoughii 'is8 1 a faithful account, if not in express words, ,/|least: on.; substance, of the statements' made to us, . bj an elderly traveller) i'eteitV '68praiicll'l!liisfi birth, and a juvenile of 15, describing the mselves as father and son, by name George Swanton, sen., jTaiidf <fe6rge : S wanton, jun.':Lttei.dlder' formerly employed for twelve sby Mr 7 JphnHavv !:hotelieeper'm but then a station owner, the name ,oL. vwhose, , place-. : -.as "Whitmioi'e5,nih th©' sffrhe" 'dis trict. Says George Swanton, sen. : "It was some "little while back, when- travelling as wef axe fiow 'dpihglrr search Ipf' wsfM/that -hulled upM one- night on the Grafton and Glen Innes road, about 30 miles distant from Glen Innes. We .""pit chec! .'6urv'campT"abbut'' sun down: close to the river or creek . where ' stand s au empty four-roomed house in good repair. We had -been camped some time after having had a dtibk ofv|ea vain'd ' a bitie of a jbhnme,.'; )yhen we both nptiGQd. plainly arid /.distinctly aii,giit?«-suci:as--miglit"vbe-given by a wax match, steadily passing .to and fro between the house/and the riwef| 'and all of w,a,.sudden.,-wa,heardJhe.-5divir. s own hullabaloo ' over on the verandah of the house, angry- voices speaking, and a noisez-as of persons walking quickly up and down it, and then a loud screech or cry, and somepiSfeL rushed from the verandah and: passed ns towards the river, and the next moment we heard a great splashing noise as of someone having fallen into the watdr>j i/WIte ith&t;! falv Iwas! fc / / 4 t i X jl i. \J .A. \ y quieti ' T didn't believe m ghosts then, and I'm sure I don't whether I do so now or. not, but being so well known in the district I made inquiries and jwas to d_ that at , one .time thej pjfee lvp4| ?qjcb|ij!igdJ Ay a hlaclsmiiir aiicl His "wife, %ho frequently disagreed among themselves, and in the end thwife ijpshedy-pnt, afteis-?a, , @:®|nt qnAeillidtween tferh. from the" house and drowned herself in the river, and about a year afterwards the husband shot himself, never having been himself again, as the saying i, ,siu,cefhis wife's, d eath . iforilv- -before . \0r-after5" V.I VI VV 'VJl W i \ i 1, ....in, j.j.. Tforget" which, three travellers also camped near the house for the night, when they heard; noises about the place, and it: .appeared |o ,bq ..lit ,up. quite; brighit all over.; \ Opel of ilbpni, >=went out to' tile rear" to 'find out the cause, when he saw dis tinctly a; white form lying ob its back on the ground.- Erightened out of- such little wits as lie: possessed, he hurried back to his two mates, and they'b'eihg also in a state of fear, all Jhree. iQpk,. up„ their jtihibgs qjt';as; |hey| were/ and; cleared right out into the bush, and never stopped running so dpngi;as they had breath, and though the times be real hard you couldn't get either one of- :jbhem.ttp lif,e -withiur 20 miles; of that house if you paid them a pound a day. Then again, siiib, 'there was Duncan's men ;; hebr a.jvpll Lmown,man and fcari idltheist'diTprfyears. The'HVhre 'coming Iback 'from Grafton, and they camped one night near the house. Their naines_ were Bill Spatch,, a. Ger man, and Biil Walker, an Englishman.; While Walker was looking for firewood Spatch hears the same sort of row going on on the verandah as I told you about before, and a white form comes towards hini He makes no more to do, but clears for all he's worth up an irobbark tree, and never stop ped until he got nearly to the top, about 100ft. from the ground, and when his mate comes -back with the" wood , and can't see nor get any answer to his cooeys, he doesn't know what to make of it, for he!, being away, had not heard or seen anything. After a long Ibok he at last spies Spatch up the tree, but it is a good while before he can get him to come dowu. They yoked up again and pushed on, and pitched a fi;esli cam,prfor that might, and bpw whenever Spatch i has to go past there, as soon as ever he gets near lhat house he will .always get right 011 top of the loading, no matter how high it may be, and down he won't cQmef.smntb-be.;? has belt the h Auntecl 7 IThduser alll dug way behind." You may not believe me, but shure it's the truth I'm telling you," parenthetic "ally y marked! ?th'efnaihatQr: Says- Swanton, n jtib.-""You can take it from me, every word the old un's said is gospel truth." And he proceeded forthwith to emphasise his assertions. ,7--Tbe appoiiilment. of Miss"Emmeline Kings! ' , fprU qs . assistant |e"acher of'lhe public school iFr.ell crick ton, has'been cav.ettcd. i 