A Shattered Idol. If love at first sight be possible, I cer tainly waB in love with her. It was in my young days, when I was Tisiting Paris for my amusement. I had been strolling about the city all the morn ing, and towards noon found myself in the neighborhood of the Faubourg St. Germain, when I caught eight of the beautiful un known. She was plainly though taste fully attired, and had evidently been marketing, fur she carried several parcels, and was accompanied by a peasant girl with some bundles of vegetables. Never, I thought, had 1 beheld a being so beauti ful. K For days and days I lingered about in the hope of meeting her again, but without success 5 and at last I made up my mind that I 'would try to forg-et I had ever seen _ her. At about1 that time I made the acquaint ance of M. Auguste Yerrier. He was a per son of venerable aspect, with long white kair and a patriarchial beard. His appear ance did not betoken wealth, but his gene rally cultivated bearing suggested that he had seen better days. We first met in a cafe, to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from hie conversation that be was a man o£ considerable education. After we bad met some half-dozen times, I happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art, He then informed me that he was a painter by profession, and invited me to accom pany him to his studio and inspect some of his works. I assented, and he con ducted me to a crazy old half-timbered house, long since pulled down, in the Fau bourg St. Germain. Here, having ascended to the topmost storey;, we . entered the studio, which presented a rather remark able appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked againstthe walls, and rows of dusty shelves, with books, casts, and Iranian bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sized model of the -Apollo Belvedere. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a complete suit of armor, and grasping in its extended fist a truncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining cor ner stood another figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halberts, and other weapons in picturesque .disarray. ' After showing me several of his paint ings, which were not, indeed works of very high merit, M. Yerrier asked me if I would take a cup of coffee ? I assented, and be rang a small hand-bell. In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee and cigarettes upon a tray. A thrill of delight ful surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whose beauty had bo profundly impressed me on that memor able morning. I trembled all over ; I grew hot and cold by turns, and vainly endeavored to suppress my agitation. Whether M. Verrier noticed my embarrassment or not I cannot say. To my great gratification be introduced me. ' Permit me,' said he — « Monsieur Clay ton, my daughter, Mademoiselle Annette Yerrier.' I bowed, and the young lady returned my obeisance, blushing slightly as she did so. Then she withdrew, after handing us our cottee ana cigarettes. I. prolonged my stay inordinately, in the nope tnat Mdlle. Yerrier would re-appear, but she did not, and. I took my leave at length, resolved to use every means for becoming better acquainted with her. One day I met M. Verrier in the cafe as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of ecarte, and asked him if he ever played. ' Alas, not now, monsieur,' replied he ; ' for you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight ; and my physician does not permit me to go out in the evening on account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game.' ' But surely, monsieur,,' said I, ??your friends might play with you. in your own roomsj?' ' I have no friends,' said he, ' who care to spend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, no, most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter, I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter.' I hinted pretty strongly that I at leaBt would only be too happy to play with lifrm, ' Well then, monsieur,'' said he, ' since you axe so good as to say so, if you will name any evening that will be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand with, you.'' I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased. 'Shall we say 9 o'clock, then,' said he. ' And if you will do me the honor to sup with me—' I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness! I should see Annette, should converse with her, and should be able to strengthen the favorable impression I already believed my salf to have made, M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, mutter ing in a half audible tone as he did eo, ' I must remember to get some cards, for ? I have not a pack ; so long since 1 ^have played.' ?' Pray do not trouble yourself, mon sieur,' I exclaimed, ' for, as it happens, I have two new packs at my hotel.' He thanked me and walked out. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barely -furnished room, where a table was laid for two. Our supper -was very simple; it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She talked little, and when we had finished eating she brought cigars. 1 now had to submit to a disappointment for which I had been totally unprepared. Holding out her hand to me ehe wished me good night. She was going to retire for the reBt of the evening. An interval of silence ensued. My com panion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annette. I now told myself that I loved her — yes, this feeling must be love. - ' Come, then, monsieur,' said M. Yerrier, at length, ' shall we play ?' I assented, and he led the way to tbe studio. Everything was precisely as I had seen it on the previous occasion.. M. Yerrier motioned me to a chair, where I seated myself facing the easel, which was covered -with a large white -wrapper. M. Verrier now removed the -wrapper from the easel, disclosing to mv view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of bis daughter Annette. I have said that he was a painter of little ability, and the work before me was either by another hand, or the subject had inspired the artist to put forth unwonted power. It was true to tbe life. As I gazed at the portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from me. M. Verrier smiled, and 'drawing a small table towards m°, placed wine and glasses upon it, and took his seat facing me. The game commenced ; we played high, and I seemed to lose about 300f in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, partly from my desire to indulge my opponent in his hunor, but chiefly because my thoughts Vere running upon Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her por trait upon the easel. M. Verrier gathered up my Btakes with the cool indifference of the veteran game ster. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier, for the first time, challenged me to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if Jae knew every card in my hand — a epecieB of knowledge that -would mean everything at ecarte. I began to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I bad brought with me, and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked in any way. What was tbe secret of M. Verrier's mar vellous play ? I resolved to watch him, and, if possible, find out. He had just dealt, and was waiting for me to examine my cards before taking up his own. He was gazing placidly before him through bis spectacles when 1 paused and looked him sharply and suspiciously in the face. Not a muscle of his features moved, as I slowly gathered up my cards and prepared to examine them. His face told me nothing ; and could I expect to discover his secret by peering into those immovable eyes? Would not such a hope seem vain ? Yet it was by such, means that I did discover it. ' My hand consisted of the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. In taking up these cards I had scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet 1 could see, in the spec tacle glasses of M. Yerrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Annette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disap pearing under the folds of the crimson draper? that covered the figure in the enrnor liolijtifl me. Tha.fi infln the fartea of the cards. They were tbe queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and king of diamonds. I roughly tore off tbe drapery, and dis closed to view, not a lay figure, but the beautiful'form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, holding in her hand the cards -which she had been telegraphing. 