THE RHYMING CRAZE. SIB,-Editor's must''be a long-suffering lot to stand the yards of verse fired at them hy those who have no vocation for poetry, if one may so term it. Those who have a real gift in that way need not be discouraged at a little kindly criticism. There is no harm in versifying for ones own amusement, or play .: iny an instalment, or sketching and painting " a little, but when those efforts appear in public it is another pair of shoes. ? Some people would seem to possess the notion that, poetry may be sawn off in lengths like boards for a-'box. It would lie us well for them if they realised the fact that Pegasus will not work in winkers. One cannot yard und brand imagination (poetic) like a stray calf, any more ;thun measure sentiment with afoot rule, or run in a ghost under the Vagrant Act as having no lawful, visible, »fcc. Science and art are very good in their own particular spheres, but your practical miitter-of-fuct individual should realise that his mathemati- cal pannikin is not large enough, to scoop up the whole sea of human knowledge. It may be urged that some of the greatest poets are caught tripping, but, then, genius covers a multitude bf sins, while nothing can be ur- ged in defence of lines destitute of. rhyme, reason, or rhythm, and, in fact, ns lame as Mephitiosheth. It must be allowed that "some doggerel serves a useful purpose as an . aid to memory, such au that concerning the number of days in each month, the sailors rule of the road at sea, and others. It is also very ancient if one may believe that Adam introduced himself to his lovely spouse -with " Madam,-I'm Adam," which backwards'and forwards reads the same. -Yours truly, QUIP. JOT AND SUNSHINE AT LAST.-TWEE» ROAD. Sear Sir,-With pleasure I (rive my testimony as to Billin ge's Compound Eucalyptus being n sure remedy for Indigestion. .1 have suffered from my youth up from that terriblo complaint Indigestion. About two years ago I became much worse until a few weeks hack I was so weak and miserable I could hardly walk about. My head being so bad I oould scarooly bold it up. That together with a full and bloated sensation made things wretohed. I got a bottle of the Compouud from you, which gare me so much relief that by continuing to uso it I feel confident I shall obtain a sure and perfect cure. My wife also has suffered for the last four or five months with a severe puin in her left side, shë hos ' takon . about four doses und experienced relief already. I can confidently recommend ita use to all who aro distressed by Indigestion. Having suffered myself over 30 years from the same and found Billinge's Compound the only remedy which has givenmeh suoh great relief.-Yours &o;<; PAUL TAYLOB, Maro 27, 1893. Mr.' E. D. Allan, Lismore. " Ho I every ono that neodeth Boots, Come in, no other firm disputes Our style,' or work, or prices, for Our motto.ls-Excelsior."v EDWABDS COMPANY, Cash Boot House, Moleaworfh-atroetj Lismore, 