T1ie Doctor's Step-daughters. # [?] / ' By C. Stafford. v . o- Ohaptee L— Love's Complications. I psgsjHEN, my dear Tina, all I 8 bare to say is this : under the fj circumstances, it is time you S provided for yourself, and if you will not do so by marry ing old Clinton, you must find some other way of getting a bome of your own." "A bome? I liave a bome ! " " Indeed ! Where ? " Herberfcina West's grey eyes opened „ vide witb the question. Was ber step father gone mad ? " Wby, here in my mother's bouse," she said. Dr. Morris was a small man with a fresh colour, thick, rather curling brown hair, dapper professional air, and slow, . distinct nay of speaking. Tina was a- tall girl, so that ber .eyes and those of . her stepfather as he came forward, stooping slightly witb bis pince-nez dangling from bis rather knuckly little hand, were on a level, and had she an swered his gaze, she might h'ave seen in it a twinkle of fun' somewhat contra dicting, the words he let fall one by one with the "choppy" distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) peculiar to him. " A house cannot belong to one who lio. longer exists," went .on tlic doctor. Practically, this house never did belong to your mother, nor to me, for tbe - matter of that, till seven years after ber death. When she and I married, I un derstood it belonged to ber; but in reality, tbe bouse, tbe bouse furniture- — even the good-will of your father's prac- tjee— -were mortgaged to sucb an extent, that it took me till long after your poor mother's death to free tbe place from debt. Tour father had managed ' to bring matters into this delightful im- broglio before be married your mother ; and the only real possessions your mother ever bad in tbis house were her two husbands and her five girls." The" laugh in the doctor's eyes came a little more to the surface as he wenton: ' She bequeathed her five girls .to me, her second husband. A bequest surely . means possession, and possession means —well, at least, the power to advise." Tina s face was crimson. Her long, dark lashes which, in company with the 'eyes they were helping to veii, were' the chief beauty of her small, peaked face, Were suddenly lifted, and slic looked half-indignancly, half-wistfully at her young s'.ep-father. All kinds of unpleasant feelings had visited her as she listened. The truths . just mentioned to her by .the doctor were not . altogether new to her. She had been old enough at the time of her mother's second mar riage "to catch up, and he hurt . >y> scraps of conversation among servants and certain of her mother's lady friends. She remembered, too, hdw much better life had been for ' herself and her sisters after the young doctor appeared on the scene and her mother had. figured as Mrs. Morris, instead of as Mrs. West. Never before, however, bad the ghost of a 'hint of this seamyside of the life which Dr. Morris . and his step-daughters had spent to- f ether for thirteen years dropped from iin, and she was thoroughly puzzled by his present mood. Looking at him, her' cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, and her little fair face gradually ' sunned itself - over with the expression of camaraderie which years of half-- fatherly, half -brotherly friendliness had taught the little doctor's step- daughter ' to wear to him. " I did allow you to advise me," she said, smiling, in spite of herself, at the half-teasing, half -earnest -manner hejrad quietened down to. "I only re fused to take the advice, and any girl over twenty-one, let her circumstances be what they may; should be considered free to refuse anything' so unsuitable. Why,' the very term you used just now ifi Speaking of Mi-. Clinton shows the nnsuitablcness. Ton called him Old Clinton,' " she finished. Dr. Morris swung round on his beel, his frock-coat flying out at a tangent in company with the pince-nez, which he -still held dangling between finger and thumb, ..and Laughed heartily. "Con found it, Tina, I used the adjective as an expression of affection, don't you know. Of course, a man of thirty-eight isn't in his first youth — he isn't raw exactly ; but Clinton is as sound as a belL I am speaking professionally, you I , understand. I sounded him a month ago for an Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot safer than that of . many a lad of twenty-two or three, who may have all sorts of seeds of disease lurking about him ready to declare themselves in a year or two." ' What a way of looking at it! " said Tina, with a disgusted air, walking away to a window, and staling down into the street of the quaint, country town. Dr. Morris dropped his pince-nez, and in a moment of forgetfulness of pro fessional dignity, stuffed bis bands into lii6 trouser pockets. " Look here," said he, regarding resentfully the wisp of a slender figure lit the window ; " when it suits you to do so. yon speak of my thirty- nine years with the utmost disrespect." . "You're different," said Time, without looking round. " You're not bald, and you've not got a front tooth out. "I've 6ix false ones," unblushingly confessed the doctor. "Well, you're not wanting to marry somebody of my age/' said Tina. The doctor - bit hie iip for a second, then cooily remarked, " Yes, I am." -Tina turned -ousd. her hands falling their --—'us playing with the blind-tassel, and each clutching a small handful -of the long, straight folds of Sier pretty dress. The doctor strode across and placed her a chair. Tina eat down in it — she wasn't able to do anything else— and shyly looked up into his face. The doctor's fresh colour became even fresher in line. " I a in presently, . pre-rsent-ly," he added, reassuringly, with, a downward glance at Tina's upturned face, "to marry Miss Ada Lavinglon, Sinker Lavington's eldest daughter." Tina sank back in tbe chair with a muf- sSedJfttle "Ob, dear ! " then sat suddenly i rtip again, with a quick flash of temper, "Oh, so dislike her," she said. " I 'k-now you do, my dear." said the «doctor, cheerily and calmly, using much -the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that the wind was in, rthe nortli-east ; therefore, there are -complications in what would otherwise have been simplicity itself." Jack, Jack, coom along t' cbucb, rt' chuck!" interrupted a strident voice. Tbe sound came from the direction of ..a second window in the drawing-room ; the wiiidow overlooked a garden, and -was supplied with a balcony, on the -qailof which hung a picker-cage. .The J -the jackflaxv .was ' coming with . a ' hop ahdtkree strides alternately across the drawing-room' carpet towards 'Tina, - ;bri'nging each three strides to .a neat finish with the pertinent remark, "Jack, Jack, coom along t' chuck, t' chuck ! " "Jack, you bad bird! you've opened that cage-door again.": Tina held her band out invitingly to tbe sleek, long- beaked creature, then, as tbe under taker-looking object reached her side, she bent forward an& what she called "pulled his hair," — that is, the silken, unfeatherlike plumage at the. top of the jackdaw's head. The doctor looked on with uneasiness depicted on his countenance ; he was making a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the "fiend in feathers," as he called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire an(l the jackdaw there were permanent hostilities. "It seemed to me," he began again, with a dry cough, "thai the proposal of dear old Clinton was a special inter position of Providence, since Miss Lav- ington declares she will he glad to share my efforts to make my younger step children happy, but that she has no hope of succeeding in anything of the kind with you." " I see," said Tina, it must be confessed, a little viciously; "she proposes to get away from her own step-mother by becoming one herself." The doctor's mouth twitched comically at the coiners. " No, I proposed it," he said, strategically compounding with "Jack" for an attack just about to be commenced on his boots, by pitching the bird a sixpence, whereupon. Jack flew, with his prize, to the lap <E liis mistress, and there, standing in the centre of her spread-out pocket-handkerchief, pro ceeded to display how 'much a living jackdaw can look like a dead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. " Why, Ada Lavington, when her father married again, went about every where saying how horrid it was.of Mrs. Fairlcigli to consent to become the step mother of grown-up step-daughters," broke out Tina again, with a- fresh out burst of indignation. "Did she ? " said tbe doctor. "It is always possible to change one's opinion, and Miss Lavington's relations with her stepmother have proved so satis factory, that it must have been most encouraging, most encouraging." The little doctor's tone was half- facetious, but tliore was a liurt look on his face, and the next instaiit bis clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which argued that he had not quite done with Tina. "I think I may say," lie began again, accordingly, "that Miss Laving ton views the right or wrong acceptance of my suit more with regard to her happiness and mine tban to her position as the wife of -a step-father." Tina received the shot in a vulnerable part. " Oh, this is dreadful," she said, "I see it?s different. Ob,. we must all go away." She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now,- excited to emulation by the slight raising of her voice, -he, with that ungraceful conversational Action peculiar to jack-; daws, pumped out of himself, as it were,' ' tbe words-; "Go away, go long." The jerking of the bead downward : sent the sixpence rolling across the room, and the doctor, who was.. of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursuit of it. " No, you are not all to go away," he answered, meaiv'ngly, as he returned, . pocketing the sixpence as he came, in spite of the longing in Jack's acquisi tive, stony eye. " But this conversation has given me no reason to alter my previous idea, that either by marrying Clinton — I don't know why he's fool enough to want you--or by some other means, it would be desirable for you, under tbecircumstancesof my approach ing marriage, to make a start in life for yourself." Tina sprang to her feet, sending the unprepared jackdaw, with cut win "a outspread, headlong to the floor, a strong instinct of sel f-p reservation causing him to retire hurriedly, cawing as he went, to tbe empty cage. Dr. Morris followed the bird across the carpet, shut the window it passed trough with a bang, and then faced round again. "Tina," be said, "upon my word, I feel ready to knock myself down for saying it to you, but I've nc one to say it for me, and you must see that there's no reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doesn't, like you, look on a man of that age as on the verge of decrepitude) should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big gii'ls for whom he has already done all he can. Your four sisters, I am quite sure, will rub along well enough with the lady tc whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, will not." " You and she, then, only want me out of the way," said Tina,panting for breath in tbe little gust of temper which foi the moment took possession of her. " Weil, I will not marry Mr. Clinton to oblige.f&ai; girl." " You will not many Mr. Clinton ; I will see you do not," said the doctor, white in his turn. "The poor fellow must be blind to want to share the rest of his days with an undisciplined, big child like you." Tina broke down ; she was even now beginning to be ashamed of herself. With a panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small bands she raised to hide them. There was a rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide' her stream ing face, a servant came in. " Please, sir, there's a gratis -patient in tbe consulting-room, and the assis tant isn't back yet." The doctor strode oat and shut tbe door after him. Chapter II. — Tina's Troubles. ' I had no idea, I tell you." Tina, when she made this statement, was sitting with, if the truth must be told, her face fearfully unpresentable from past crying, at a little afternoon tea-table, pouring out tea. She was handing a cup of tea to Frances, the eldest of her four tall, slim sisters, the whole of whom were sitting here and there about an upper room, specially their own, to which they had had their tea sent, in consideration of the privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and the importance of the matters to be talked over. The West girls were astonishingly like eacb other, all tbe same tall, slight, prettily -featured, big-eyed creatures, one a little thinner, one a little taller, one younger, and one older and firmer- looking somehow. Frances was the one firmer-looking. " It was very idiotic of you not to have an idea," she answered, with sis terly frankness and some doubt of her sister's sincerity. , You are the only one of us who hadn't, unless ' Chinee ' is excepted," she added, with a bright smile towards the youngest, whose ab- normally thick and, long tail,, of hair \- . - j Thotyet'tuimfidup) that (sobriquet. - '' ' :".// ' " 1 knew that Mr. Cimton cared- for Tina," that young lady quietly returned, looking steadfastly at her elder rela tive's blurred countenance. " But I didn't know the doctor cai-ed for that nice Miss Lavington. I never thought of his liking anybody but us." " It's disgusting," was Tina's answer. "No, it isn't, but it's disturbing," coi- reeted Frances, who was the phSo- sopher of the'family. " Cream-muslin, with maize-colour, is the fashionable thing for bridesmaids' dresses," hazarded tall Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative and somewhat covetous air; "and it does afterwards for garden-parties." "You can have that for the other wedding," said Tina, with affected bitter ness. "I am not to be offered up at tbe altar of Miss ' Lavington's conve nience, or at any other altar." A shrill " ke-ake" struck on every body's ears from somewhere below, and a smile, for the first time since the con versation in the drawing-room, gleamed across Tina's — not at this moment par ticularly charming — features. "That bird is loose again somewhere," she observed, as if sire expected the circum stance to give general pleasure ; " he must have heard the jingle of the spoons and things. He's wanting his cake — I'll go for" him." And she ran downstairs. Before leaving the room to weep in greater seclusion, Tina had reopened the window. which" the doctor had shut; and Jack, in consequence, was now perched on the back of a chair, mentioning his wants to his own sympathetic ears. A few minutes later, with Jack in her arms, confined to the more limited space of his wicker cage, Tina was crossing from the drawing-room to the foot of t lie stairs again. Suddenly she heard some one let in at the street door; a familiar step in the hall below, and as fair>;i;?r a voice saying; "Hullo, there you are! How are you, old fellow ? I just looked in, in case yon were prevented from turn ing up at the Lavingtons to-night, to put you in mind of that County Council meeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Holton's, eh ? " Involuntarily she looked for a second over the balustrade, just in time to see two hands grasp each other heartily, and a tall, broad-shouldered man, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door- mat of the consulting-room, on the threshold of which her step-father stood. The door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all the way by Jack's demand for "ke-ake." "He bas just come in," she informed the tea- drinkers, while depositing the cage conveniently for Jack's being3 able to seethe passers-by in the street below, and to choose those he deemed suitable for his adjuring to " coom along " or " go 'long ' — that is, errand-boys or any boy in working clothes, corduroys being tbe key-note of a really enthusiastic outburst of invitation. " He gave you Jack," somewhat irre levantly remarked the Chinee ; "lie said there was no one to care for Jack after bis mother died, and would you be .the bird's mistress ? " "Well?" said Tina. Frances's month puckered into a smile. " Chinee," she said, reprovingly, " you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means," she owned, handsomely, with a wave of her band. " You say you had not the4 slightest idea that Mr. "Clinton would ever think of you. If you bad looked at him on tbe occasion of which Chinee speaks you would have had one. . If only you had looked at his face as be spoke, you would have understood. But that is the curious thing, "she went on ; "you hardly ever do look at anybody when they are speaking to you. You open -your eyes innocently wide (Francos gave a very successful illustration witli her own large grey ones), and stare straight past them. Perhaps you are devoting your undivided attention to the composing of an answer." There can be no doubt that Tina was lpoking at this particular speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might have wished it otherwise. " I do _ look at people," Tina asserted, vaguely. " Oh, yes, perhaps, ooce in a conver sation," returned Frances, nothing daunted. " You will look deep into the other person's eyes as if you would read their very soul, but you don't read it, you know." She finished with brisk : emphasis. " There ! look at her now," she added, in reference to the fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit of which mention was being made, her gaze travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, the poise of the small head giving the fair, iittle face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, but most un reliable as giving an index to Tina's mood. " I know," went on Frances, throwing an appealing glance round, " that she is probably thinking of what I ain saying ; but I defy ber, while she is watching tlial bluebottle on the window-pane, to set the expression of face with which I am saying it, and people often say one thing with their tongue while they say another with their eyes." " Well, they should not." Tina disposed of the information without troubling to ascertain whether in tbis particular in- , stance Frances's voice was saying one thing and her aspect another. " Tea ! " broke in Celestine, otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting at the other side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too much en evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow1 drag ged tightly round the shapely ancles ap pearing above the preposterously high- heeled shoes—" tea. Half a cup, and don't put in two lumps of sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme," she added, consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's p'ace at the table, filled the cap. "Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would be a relief to her, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens with her eye3." " What a shower ! " interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain, coin ing through a baze of tender, golden Light, aroused the apprehension of her friend the bluebottle, wbo was now meandering undecidedly across a higher pane of the window. To be Continued President Lincoln said once that the best story he had ever read in the papers of him self was this : — Two Quakeresses were travelling on a railroad, and were heard discussing the probable termination of the war. " I tliink," said the first, " that Jefferson will succeed." " Why does thee think so?" asked the other. " Because Jefferson is a praying man." " And so is -Abraham a praying man," objected- the second. \- " Yes, but the Lord will think Abraham is joking," the first replied. A clerk, who was also a schoolmaster, being called on to give a toast produced this sentiment: " Addition to the friends of Old England, subtraction to her wants, multi plication to her blessings, division among hee .foes,- trad-reductiofitof her debts mid 