A TALK WITH A DIVER. - ' I'm not going to tell you about ghosts i under water,. corpses sitting upriKht^n the I state-rooms of, Btpoinprs, with bogks'6nitheir I li'nods, ' as 'if they ' had boen reading when I thoy wore drowned,, because I- haven't seen 1 such. Nor has any other diver. You can't fa soo anything in a sunkun vessol. If anyone ffi tolls you '.such stories he's, not 'a diver— rf m excopt that ho dives away from the truth.'? m 'Is thoro any skill required, in the aot of S M diving— I mean getting down to tho objeob -? M on tvliloh you oro to work'l' : ? ' ' *? ffi 'No. ;Thot is to say, no.particularaUill m1: —only care You must be careful not to m\ go down tho life line too fast, because if you K did tho pressure on you would be too sudden, ml But tho art of going down is easy enough. i( The dress woiglis a diver down. You see, B| his shoes woigli twenty pounds onch. Then i|-. he has on his chest ond bock weights of forty r|/ pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet Iff nnd collar nre.heovy. The dross consists of Ml two layors of duck with a lay or of rubber K| botweon thorn. To the top part of the dress Kf a collar ot copper is anixeu, ana to tins tlie ?', helmet is firmly screwed after it ban been §| I placed ovor the diver's hoad. The liolmeb K j s large enough to allow a space of throe w; inches around the hoad, and thor&HM; ore three tubes through which fcheji * air roaches tho interior of the hol-fil ,' mot. Before the diver goes down, aSS « weighted lino is sunk to the spot ho is tajg .- reach below The life line is tied around hist ' ,i waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose I / '', hlirnnch whir.h the air is Tiumnnd into tha I il holmet. The diver goes down the weighted lJj J line, the hoso and the life lino being runout } ns he desoonds. As ho moves about below, -; thoso above must rpgulale tho lifo lino anri ; hoso, and should be roady to pull him up n; ' 6oon as they got the signal— a sharp fug ab tho line. Some people fancy there's n rush ing sound, or a noiso liko thunder, made by the air passing from the hose into tho hel met. But tint's nonsense. You don't hear any Bound except tho strokos of tho pump. ' If thoso abovo are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe and sound 1' ' Usually not. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; but if anything does happen, it is usually all over with him. A tug on the line moans death, especially if lies down deep. Thedivel doesn't perish because- he's cut off too long from the supply of air, but from the fright ful pressure. Take, for instanco, tho death of Jonkins, in 1878. His hoso burst. They hauled him up in two minutes. Ho was a corpse. I don't care to doscribo his appear ance. It was harrowing. I can give you, from an oxpurienco of mine, somo idea of the tho pressuro. I was at work below, when suddenly tho supply of air gave out. I tugged the life lino. Fortu nately I wasn't in very deep water, and thoy hauled mo out olive. Bub I felt while they were hauling mo as if I had a hydraulio jack on each side of my head. The hose had not burst, and the pump had beon working all right, so we were at a loss to know why the supply of air hud given out till wo made a careful examination of tho hose. We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know any one who is an onemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have pub tho pnpor bolls in tho hose. Tho kind of danger I havo just desoribed — that of the stoppago of air and death from pressure — is perhaps the greatest, because a diver can'b , do anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond his control. ? 'Thoro is another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, how ever, is not often incurred. The dress of a diver is foarfully hoavy and hot. On a warna day tho porepirobion from a divor, whilo his ' drcs3 is boing^ pub on, will somotimos show ; through the duck and rubbor. Now, when you get into the water the dc^'.'jbful cool ness makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to sloep over tlvsir work. I have fallen ? asloep bub once. I slept at the bottom of a creek soundly for ono hour and a half. Now ; suppose you hod a job thnb you could work ab only during ono hour of slack water, and ? on going below you foil asleep, and slepb i over your time. The tide would como with a rush, your hoso and ropo would snap, and that would bo the ond of you.' — Million. \ 