MORILAND HO! fCOPVRIISHT.I Natures Enchanting \ Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATE A WESTBURT. Oil AFTER X.— Continued. ' No, sergeant. When 1 i-.iiiijr«Tited to Australia, soon afcer the Indian Mu'iny. .1 sold tin; penskm for a .hundred pounds ready cash to one Isaacs, a Jew, in Bond Sire-.t. London, t»v permission of the Horse Guards. In Melbourne I had an idea that 1 should make a fortune with niv small capita, but lo ! it vanished like a Will o' the Wisp." " What did you do ?" " Oh, the Government provided me with a billet soon afterwards," said , Grange, with a short laugh. "A lame mail has but a poor chance for a living outside the wing of the Civil Service." " You were in the Civil Service ? That should have been a good thing, com- rade." "Perhaps; however, I didn't like it, and was very glad to — to resign," res ponded the ex-dragoon, with another laugh. "It was in Victoria I first saw Mr Van — I mean Mr Jocelyu." " Where ?" In Victoria," answered the other. " It is something like five years ago since J Mr Jocelyn left Melbourne, but I knew 111 m again the moment I saw him last limht." The sergeant burst into a grufl laugh. " You had belter mind what you are at," he said, after a pause. "Tuereis evidently seme mistake. The J. P. has never seen Victoria. He came straight here from Penzance, Cornwall, to super- . . X. . . r 1 . T.« ... TT . . . 1. . . .... — ., 1 T, « .. t linuiiu LlltJ v UlUtltC . VUdl 1U111C (lb Green Island, of which he is part ow ner." The tramp stare3 at the sergeant with just the shadow of a doubt in his mind ss to Mr Jooelyn's identity." " Mistakes are often made," he says, presently, "and it is just likely I may have made a blunder in this case. 1 mean to be certain about it, if you'll have the kindness to show me where he is to be found." "All right, comrade, but let me warn you to be careful. Mr Jocelyn is a.hard, stern fellow, and a magistrate to boot. Come with me to my room, and I'll try and make you a trifle more presentable lor your interview," and wheeling sudden ly about as if he had been practising the " balance step," the old dragoon led his companion up a narrow stair to a wide apartment set out after (he maimer of a small barrack-room, and entering here with the tramp he closed the door. Sergeant Gunn's caution to his new found comrade with reference to Mr Jocelyn was certainly given in good faith, for no one name in Westland stood so : high in public estimation as that of Ralph Jocelyn, Esq., J.P. Besides being a Magistrate he was a member of the Borough Council, and President of the School Board. No gathering for charit able purposes was complete without him, and his donation usually headed the list. Mr Jocelyn, though much sought after by the elite of Westland, rarely visited Ins neighbours, (Giencourt excepted), and in cousequeuce rarely invited anyone to Stradmerc. It might be said of him that he was a bachelor, and rich enough to please him self m any caprice or whim that he fancied. He had a magnificent residence, a posse of servants, and a housekeeper who was devoted to his interests. Be yond these things the outside world knew very little of Mr Jocelyn's domestic life. CHAPTER XI. MR JOCEIA'N, j.p. It was fully two hours before the tramp came forth, his outer man transformed out of all recognition, save for his lame ness, by a respectable suit of slothing and highly polished boots furnished to linn by the sergeant. " Clothing does not make the man," saitli the adage, but in this case the old saying was wrong. The tattered, limp ing wretch who had entered the sergeant's room, scarcely anything human in his rags and dirt and misery, stood here now a smiling, hale looking man of forty. A clean shave, with a copious supply of water, and a suit of brown tweed had made all the difference in him. At worst he was not a bad-looking fel low. Save for an ugly scar, which gave to his mouth a sinister aspect, he was well-featured, and not by any means the nang aog iootpaa ne had seemed through the prejudiced spectacles of the lodge- keeper. Mr Jocelyn reclined on a sofa, smoking a very aromatic cigar when the wayfarer was ushered ' into his presence. For a moment he sat up and stared at the figure before him. " Are you the chap that opened the gate last night "Yes." " I'm glad to see you have made your self presentable before calling on me," returned the magistrate with a most gracious smile, in which a sneer was hid den. " Take a seat, my good fellow, and tell me to what fortunate event I am in debted for this visit. The tramp, not seeming to heed the sarcastic taunt, looked coolly round about the luxurious apartment. There were one or two cosy seats at his side, but the taan limped across the room to an arm- chair with a high back, which stood by the window. Seating himself here he had the magistrate's face full to the light, which was evidently what the visitor desired. "1 thank you, Mr Jocelyn, he says, quietly, but laying peculiar stress upon the two last words. "It's very hard for a lame man like myself to get about with any degree of comfort." "You are really lame, my friend," quoth the J.P., looking hard at the tramp. " No shamming to create sym pathy ? Men of your class are usually clever rascals, who can adopt the cripple in all its phases to suit time and circum stance.. Why did you come here ? l)id I not warn you that beggars were %unwel- corue?" " I am not a beggar. " " Oh, I see, your begging has departed A-- Jour rags. You are a gentleman P'v let me ask" again .why you have sought an audience with turned liia look full at his " 1 trust you will be patient with a poor devil, sir. I came to you to crave a boon." " Of course you did ; I knew that,'1 responds Mr Jocelyn with his merciless sneer. "What did you do with the crown- piece I flung you, eh ?" ' 1 could not find it in the dark ; be sides, 1 do not want money," reiterated the ex-dragoon. " Let me repeat I came to you for advice." The magistrate stared. He was be- / ginning to think that the man was some poor lunatic broken from an asylum in ' the vicinity. "Fellow, what can 'here bo between you and myself?" fi,» said, sternly. " Wiiat is your name V " Allan Grange, but bet ter known to :ny fiictuls as No. 97H2," replied the tramp, quietly, without so much as look ing at his companion. For just, the ghost of a second a short, sharp spasm of paiu or fear, or some mi- xpected surprise caused the thin lips io tighten about, the small, glistening teeth of Mr Joeelvn. Wnh a hearty guffaw he lay back on the sofa the next moment. "Egad! you're a character in your way, Mr Grange," he said. "1 should very nuioli like to know what you mean by No. !!7 52. Was that your number in the madhouse ?" " No ; it was my number in Pent ridge Stockade Prison, M.-lbourne, Australia," said Grange, in the same quiet tone. " All ! then you are a convict at large, my line fellow," cried his worship, again showing his teeth. " That's true. I am a convict, and at liberty ; but lawfully so, mind that !" " You meau to say you are a discharged prisoner V " I do." "Have you your discharge with you?" " I am not bound to answer that ques tion, am 1?" enquired Grange with a queer light in his eyes. ' " Certainly not, my good fellow," says Mr Jocelyu. soothingly. " The law has it that a mail may not criminate himself ; but unfortunately I happen to bo a magis trate, and my duty will be to band you ovi-r to Sergeant Jenkins, the ollicer in charge of police at liaveiock, if you can not prove what you say." lour worship will not be hard upon a poor devil ! How if I have lost 1113' parchment ?" " in that case I shall feel it my bounden duty to send you back to Victoria for identification," added the magistrate, with a smile. The tramp shuddered. -"God help U3 ! There are some natures that nothing will change," he muttered, more to himself than to his companion. The other heard, anci replied in his soft, mocking voice, — " You are right, my friend. There are some men whom it would be useless to attempt to reform. Besides, justice demands that every honest man should be protected from the rogue." " Just 00," replied the tramp. "That is the creed of your respectacle church goer, the modern Pharisee, who goes his way rejoicing that he is one of the elect. The Lord help any poor wretch who should, even by accident, come between the wind of his, or her, saintship'a 110- bility. I say, the Lord pity us poor fallen, weak, and sinful ones — we, whom Christ came to save — pity and shield us from so- called Christian love, and the ready sym pathy of our kind !" Mr Jocelyn indulged in a hearty roar of laughter. " Egad, my friend, the efforts ot the gaol ohi.pliiin have evidently not be thrown away on you," lie said. " Let me call your attention to the fact that you came here to seek my advice. Now to business." " That's it, your worship— to busi ness," said the tramp, at the same time pulling out an old newspaperfrom an inner pocket of his coat, and opening it out beiore him, " You said just now that the honest man must be protected irom the rogue. Well, it is upon this one point I have sought an interview with you." "Good! Proceed." " What I have to say may appear some what strange to a gentleman like your self," continued Grange, " but 1 can vouch for the truth of it. Some years ago a young man in the Civil Service, Victoria, became acquainted withs-and I may aud, subsequently married — a very wealtny widow. Tnis same widow v/as old enough to be her husband's mother. She had sons and daughters much older than the man who took her to church, but that did not signify. The young man had not married for love, but money." " What was his -name, friend?" asked the magistrate, lighting another cigar. " Name — Jocelyn Vanborough — better known amongst a certain portion of the Melbourne community as Van. As I was saying, your worship, Vanborough mar ried the widow for what she had, or, more properly speaking, what he could get from her. On tiieir wedding day she gave him a cheque for live thousand pounds to settle certain debts of honor incurred on thfc turf. Swum aflnr iiia 111 fi vvi o V o r» made the acquaintance of two notablc-s, viz., one Ratazki Barjew, a Pole, and an imported turfite — well known on the English racecourse — Sydney Black. The latter kept a fashionable gaming hell — the resort of all the low ana vicious of the city of Melbourne. Amongst such a worthy trio, Mrs Vauborough's coders underweut a severe drain. " The good lady saw, when too late, to what a soul less wretch she had mated herself, and resolved to save the remnant of her money for her children. She absolutely refused to give her husband another penny. Vanborough had been a plump pigeon to pluck, but under the guidance of his friends he became a hawk in turn. The three men met in consultation one day, and determined that Mrs Van borough had lived long enough in this wicked world. It was well known to the husband that his wife had made a will, leaving the bulk of her property to her eldest son. Tlie three conspirators formed a plan to steal this document, and replace it with one in favor of tlie husband. Do you follow me wf\n» vvnraKin " W ith both ears, friend. " " I need not detail to your worship," continued Grange, " how the p0iu aged to get into the establishment of Mrs Vanborough as cook. This man, although a villain, excelled in the culinary art. A certain cognac became the instrument by which he purposed to effect his ends, for Llie sole task of tlie crime liad been en trusted to hirn. Chemists will tell you that a little brandy now and then is a very excellent lemedyfor many of the ills that flesh is ifeir to, but brandy absorbed' in everything you eat or drink continually becomes a sure and deadly poison to the absorber. The Pole determined k> kill his victim by small doses of; brand j. To i say By> what means the rQfmurhiocum- plished his crime (for ho did accomplish i:) is beside my purpose.' - Mrs Vaa- borough '-died, and wan When the r 71 US;— Messrs Barjew, Black, and Vanborough were in high feather for a time, bub ' mur der will out ' they say, and it came out in this case. A clever j'oung medico, who had attended Mrs Vanborough, dis covered sufficient evidence to warrant an enquiry. Tlie enquiry led to the arrest of the offenders, who were committed for trial. If these three men had remained quiet t,her would have been acquitted ; but Sydney Black, while in gaol, became 1 alarmed for his own personal safety, and turned Queen's evidence." " All '! I see. Itaiazki Barjew nnd the man Latulsborough, or Vanborough, were iiung ?" interrupted the magistrate. " Not so, \'our worship. The Pole died in prison before his trial. Jocelyn Vanbofougb v.as i'oumi guilty, and .sen tenced 10 leu years at '.he hhoekade, Pent- ridge." " Ami tlie informer Black — bydney Black I think you said ' Was released, ami went his way re joicing," added the iramp, quickly. " your story is a strange om.;, as you remarked just imw," ai l or a long aud thoughtful pause, in which lie laid men- tall' measured his companion asrinciy as an athlete may guago the strength of an adversary. "Now my good friend, will you tell 1110 what bearing any or either of llicao ruffians have on tlio matter at issue." 'Certainly, your worship. Jocelyn Vanborough, one of the three murderers, escaped from Penttidge, fc> pi'osub: r 18 — , just live years and two mouths ago." " Well"?" " 1 know where the escaped convict is lo be found at this moment," s-aid the tramp, slowly, and looking straight into the eyes of his companion. " Indeed ! Slop a moment ; your testimony had better he taken down in biaolc aud white," and Mr Jocelyn rose up and stretched forth ins hand tor the bell-rope. " As you please, your worship," said the tran: p. J11 the act of ringing the captain paused. " Perhaps I had better hear all you nave to say, my. friend. It may save time." CHAPTER XLI. fencing. No greater contrast could be found than between these two men. The one eager and watchful as a lynx ; the other cold, careless and cynically indifferent. "Better hear what you have to say," repeated Mr Jocelyn. " After all the whole business may not be worth investi gating." " Your worship will think differently by aud bye " said Grange. " Perhaps so, my friend ; but iirst I should like to know something about yourself. By your own showing you have only just emerged from Pentridge. How did you get there ?" " For stealing a racehorse, so my pro secutors said," replied the tramp. "Of course you did not steal the ani mal, friend. ' " No," said Grange, not appearing to heed (lie sarcasm. "I am au old cavalry man — a sort of useless commodity in the colonies. After a few ups and downs I managed to get a billet as one of the grooms to Major Weldon, a noted sports man, who at that time owned some of the crack racers of the day." " Ho you mean Major Weldon of Pine- falls Station." " The same, sir. The major had his stud at Hawthorn, under the care of Harvey Thomas, his trainer. Before that 1 had been groom to Jocelyn Van borough, and having somehow got mixed up with the trial of that gentleman, bias- much a3 I was obliged to give most ugly evidence against him and his confederates, the trainer hesitated to employ me. I got a place, however, and my especial care was to watch and ward a grand chestnut called the Cardinal, whom Thomas was preparing for the cup. One evening, three wuek3 before tiie great race, 1 re ceived a note from the trainer to bring the Cardinal over to Fieniington. I obeyed. On the road 1 was besot by three men, who dragged me from the saddle, and stupified me with chloroform. Insensible, they convened 1110 to au oM untenanted house 011 the bydney Read beyond Coburg, where I was found by the police two days afterwards. I told my story, but was disbelieved, aud sent to gaoi on suspicion of having sold or made away witu my charge. While I was in prison the horse was found by tlio police. This was after the cup had been run for. A man named Haugcars, in whose possession Cardinal was discovered, swore that I had sold liim the animal for £80. A witness corroborated this man's evidence, and I, of course, was settled for." The tramp paused to wipe the per spiration from his rugged face. " My sentence was seven years 011 the roads of the colony, the first year in irons," continued Grange. " i was alone without kith or kin to mourn my dugrada- it/in am siitf ti't: »nnnh lvlvtt thaw /li.l with inc. By degrees, however, the whole force of the daumabie injustice done to me began to plague my thoughts. In that hell-hole, the quarry, aud beucatn a tierce sun, they made the cripple work with the rest. Many a tune 1 have hewn with my pick a rough outline in the solid granite of the man's face who swore my name aud my liberty away, and it has given me a savuge pleasure hacking it out of all shape and likeness of anything human again, as, I swear to you, 1 will do with the real face of the villain who has plunged me into such misery." A loud grunt from J ocelyn, but whether of assent or dissent at the speaker's threat none could say. " I had not been long in Pentridge, your worship, before 1 became intimate with my old master, Jocelyn Vanborough. Somehow, by his clever way of reckoning, he managed to convince me that he had 110 hand in the death of his wife. We were in the same gang, and, one day — feeling his way with me cautiously at first — lie proposed a plan for our escape from bondage. Some of his friends out- side, and Mr Vanborough appeared to have some very faithful and daring Mends, managed to secrete the necessary appliances amongst the rocks in the vicinity of the quarry. Acting on the advice of Vanborough I secreted the tools about my person, and conveyed them safely to tuy cell. This being accom plished, my friend walked straightway to one of the warders and disclosed the plot, save and except his share in it. Jocelyn Vanborough was promoted to an easier life for his — zeal, your worship, while I — well, 1 don't remember much of the next twelve inontha, for I was at once taken out of the gladsome sight of the sun into the murky biackness of hell. Wl:c:i I came forth spin, lo ! the trea- cherous scoundrel had vanished. He had. made me the stepping stone a more sure plan of escape for himself, /which ho succeeded in eft'ecting: " , a.-:,. .. " And how long is it since he e&Niped; from Pentridge ?" "Between live and six years ago." "Humph! A man may change ct 1- sitlerably in that time," says Mr Joceiyra, reflectively. "Jocelyn Vanborough will never change in this world out of my recognition of him," cries the other, solemnly. " Fivo ycr.?s, or Iweuty-five will make no difference to me." " You say you know where this man is at the present time ?" " Yes, I know." " Did you come here to give the infor mation to me because I am a magis trate V' " That's it, your worship, I want your help to capture tiiir. man and send hitn hack again to Pentridge," responds Grange, quietly, at the same time taking up the faded newspaper before liim. " It you will read this you will find there is a reward offered for his recapture." Mr Jocelyn stretches forth his baud, takes the paper, ilien rises aud goes to the window with it. .1501) Reward. "Tlio above wiil bo paid over to any " person who will give information lead- " ing to the capture of Jocelyn Viu- " borough, who escaped from Pentridge " Stockade Prison, Victoria, 011 the 8th " of November, IS . Description : " height, 5ft. lOiu ; fair complexion ; '' eyes, blue ; has a method of naif clos- " iug them when looking at anything ; "prominent, nose with sear 011 bridge ; " mouth, good ; lost one tooth 011 loft " upper side ; about 80 years of age ; ap- " pears younger ; address, gentlemanly. "Information to be forwarded lo the " Commissioner of Police, Melbourne." "The description is very minute ?'' says the captain, glancing .from the paper to his companion. " Hoes it lit the original ?" " Pretty well, I think," responds the tramp, also rising and confronting his companion. " Now, 1 don'c want to be personal, but does it not strike your wor ship that this description might very well tit yourself Sir Jocelyn laid down the pauer with- out answering the question. There was a large mirror opposite the spot 011 which he stood, and ho stared reflectively into this while Grange took up the faded news paper. "Your worship is about five feet ten in ches," continued the tramp, turning his look from the paragraph to the magistrate. " You are fair also, and have been ex perimenting 011 your complexion with tlie juice of betel-nut. Ho not your eyes and no30 tally exactly with those of the escaped Vanborough ? Ah ! you smile. Your worship shows me where you have had the demist at work 011 that tooth, which was missing from the left upper side of your mouth." Mr Joeelvn s! ill silent, cool, and con fident. He seemed to have 110 end of ad miration for himself, as reflected by Hie mirror. " It appears a very strange coincidence that you should bear such a striking re semblance to the convict, docs it not ?" says Grange, presently. " Is there not a danger that some rascal, tempted by the large reward here offered, might luivo your worship grrested 011 suspicion of actually being tiie prison bleaker." " I ?" " You !" " My friend," quoth the magistrate, softly, " you will never exeel in the art of diplomacy. Somehow you have man aged to deal yourself a very good hand, for, properly speaking, I hold life simply as a game at cards. But, dear sou!, al though you have cleverly given unto your self a brace of knave q you have foolishly allowed me to see them. Enjo, you will have to deal again if you desire to win." " I understand. To be forewarned is to be forearmed." "Men in my position are always fore armed against the clumsy machinations of your halt crazed impostor, who is either a beggar or a iluof, or a combination of both," responds the magi:-, irate. " Why not say boldly that you are 111 need of twenty or fifty pounds, nay, a hundred, for the matter of that. I am rich, and, when the wiiim seizes tno, 1 can be as liberal to the knave as to the fool." "Jocelyn Vanborough, alias Rilph Jocelyn, Esq., J. P.," cries Grange, sterii- ly, " you are the man wanted here. If you were as wealthy as Vanderbilt aud had the coffers of the Amsterdam Jew thrown in, you are only an ex-convict, who must return from whence he came. To me shall be the tusk of seeing you safely housed in that dark den, to which your lying and perjured confederate con signed me, and winch your falsehearted cruelty aud treachery made doubly wret ched." Mr Jocelyn laughed. "Not quite so fast, friend," said lie. " There is an oid saving, winch advises you to first catch the hare before you eat it. Now you are J.,,,,.. t-,v 1 \ ix tvliileh 1 hn ! < i 'i » IK Ifl &il;/LUl£ UUWfl III the woods. Bah ? you are but a poor muddler after all, Mr 0701. I have liad a peep into your hand, in return for which you shall see mine. Here am I, Mr R. Jocelyn, J.P., rich, honored, aud with a dozen influential friends at my beck aud call. There you are, my man, p.. or, needy, a vagabond and gaol bird, without a stiver or a friend to help you. I have but to touch this bell, and say this man is a poor, demented creature. I11 his madness he imagines I am some low, ruffianly prison-breaker, whom he desires to capture and send back to gaol. Whew ! you are seized and taken to the mad house at Stanton, which, if it so pleases me, shall become your living tomb." The poor < ramp paled to the cheeks. In an iustanl he saw the position; Tiie unm before him would be believed aud obeyed without question. He was evidently 110 match for Vanborough, in prison or out of it. " Ah, your worship, I see I have been strangely mistaken in supposing )ou could possibly bo the ex-convict vau- boromrn." cries Granite, readily, arid with the cciiliding smile of a diplomat. lho mistake was quite natural like under the circumstances." "Humph! 1 don't l.ke your sudden change of front, my friend," said the other, a frown darkening his face. "Lotus here. 1 am a man who lias tlie power to sweep twenty such as you out of my way every day in the week. Mark you what 1 say. Your face tells 1110 that you are positive I am Vanborough. the escapee from Pentridge Stockade. Well, to humor your crotchet. Wo will suppose 1 am he. Tim are a .mo : A" iqis s<.n < j the extreme side of, life, ufliseiy ami. ; I'ciin seems to have been your allot', mi portion. Toll mo, wnat made ycti rami- ; <b v just; slow" "when muTspoKe of j ioi'-ckado ? You, who have never had >. ( glimpse ol the smooth, easy, sh-nin I of life tiiat wealth, and tiie capacity n> on- j 