SUNDRY NOZES. . ? fr. In the sensible remarks: inado by-Mr. Bnckland, Chairman of Directors of //the Bank of N.S.W., at th«;jhalf-TyoarIy meeting ?of that institution, and . to Which %»nef reference has already been made inffiiese columns,- there was one sentence particu larly entitled to attention. JSlr. jiucKlana said ' I wish to point out that after all the trouble that Las been experienced in the capitals of some of the colonies, the real substantial wealth of Austra'asia remains ; the many miili»ns of sheep and the various products of the soil, and the mines, continue 111 existence, and still form the basis of 'out- export trade.' There was much in Mr. Bnckland's snecch that was admirable, for it was at once a candid recognition of the ! seriousness of the position and a confident I assurance of the bank's ability to hold its own. The latter anticipation is all the more reliable because of the forme1- admis sion. The sentence quoted, however, is of peculiar - value just at present, and its value is enhanced coming from such a 60urce. Banks may corns or banks may go, with the attendant losses to individuals or inconvenience to the community, but after all the elements of production— tho true source of wealth — muse remain in the country, and as Mr. Bnckland further on points out,, it only requires 'patience, economy and calm consideration to restore things to their naturally progressive con dition.'!. It may be as well to point out— although it -did not fall within Mr. Buck land's province to do so — that this latter sentence would have been more complete if it had been qualified by the statement that the desired restoration could be raided or retarded according as the trend of legis lation was to hamper enterprise or to re lieve it of the restrictions already imposed upon it. - j * *? «? * * Once more the failing revenue returns j show how utterly unreliable is the Trea surer's forecast for the present year. ' When Mr. See tabled his first budget in December last he wared indignant when | the Opposition criticised his hopeful antici pations and dared to tell him that his figures were utterly unreliaHe. To calcu late upon an increasing revenue when there was every sign of business contraction and general depression was an entirely ridiculous thing to everyone but Treasurer Sec, and those who retaining their seats only by supporting him, were duty bound to re-echo his words. But the recklessness of the estimate was soon to be made manifest, fir hard-y had the new year cotnmenccd before it was seen that the revenue which had been steadily falling was exhibiting further ' shrinkage. In introducing his second set of estimates he admitted the justice of previous criticism by considerably curtailing his figures of revenue and the surplus wmcn he predicted. Hut so attract' ive is the idea :of a surplus to men who never have anything but a deficit, that he still predicted one and — upon paper — showed how it was to be obtained. But Mr. See's hopeful, anticipations must long siuce have disappeared even from the cal culationsof his own expansive mind. Month after month the revenue has persisted in becoming small by degrees aud beautifully less, and that too iu spite of the Govern ment insurances that there was reason to hope it would prove more 9xpnsive as the year rolled along. But revenue will not flow in because Mr. See choose: to ' hope ' that it will, any more than the ocean would flow out to e.iit King Canute. State revenue depends, not upon the necessities of treasurers, but upon the prosperity of the people, and the Government having initiated a policy tending to hamper and limit trade cannot be surprised if the natural consequences are realised in diminishedprospentyand8hrinkingrevenue. The shrinkage for the first quarter of the year was £140,668, or £46,889 per month, but last month (April) the decrease reached no less an amount than £105,378, Already Mr. See's anticipated surplus hasdereloped into a deficit, but if this rate of d create is to. continue, that deficit will by the end of tlie year reach the apptUiug sum of over a million. * * ? 3r Serious as a deficit always must be, it is or ought to be particula.ly instinctive in the present case, seeing that it has followed the adoption of a policy that was warranted to have such other results. Contiast the present actual conditions with those which the Government declared would exist as the result of their much trumpet' ed policy. That policy was introduced because in tho words of the. Ministerial manifesto, it would ensure the nccossary augmentation of the revenue. It was to do many other things as well. It was to wipe off the d ficlt which the present Miuisters so considerately manufactured for their predecessor, it was to provide the money to build minor un productive works, it was to find employment for the unemployed, and it was genc.ally to revive tho trado and industry of the country. It has fulfilled its mission — with equal success in each case — but not the mission predicted of it by its sponsors. * * * # I£ the general offloaoyof the Government's remedy for the financial crisis is to be gauged by tho first test of actual experience, final results will not be very satisfactory. With a marvellous depth of statesmanlike wisdom, a sublime innocenco of the very essenoe both of finance and of average human nature, the Premier thought to lift the banks a few pegs by inviting the civil servants to accept notos in eettlemont of their last month's salary. As obedient civil servants, animated with a proper respect for _ the wishes of their superiors^ imbued with the requisite degree of patriotism, .. they stoically accepted ' the paper promises to pay in lieu of the bard wu«h to which they were entitled, Sir George tho meanwhile congratulating himself upon the success of his coup. But beneath the smooth surface of that pleasant and dutiful acquies cence there lurked a determination and a surprise. Having satisfied their nfflninl consciences, in obeying the official behest, by accepting the notes, the metropolitan civil servants evidently felt that they had done all that could be expected of them officially. So, in their private capacity they . at once pro ceeded to exchange for gold the notes given them officially and accepted with all due humility. It illustrates the whole of the Government proposals, this attempt to make people accept a_ eemblanoe instead of a reality, and as this effort failed, so must all others which seek to create wealth by mere legislative or executive enactment. The Government may declare paper money legal tender, but they cannot compel people to give tangible value for valueless paper, merely because it has certain figures stamped on it in printers' ink. * * * * 3= If evidence is still required as to the spreading inclination to study social and economic matters, it was furnished by the audience which assembled to listen to Mr. H. D. Roberts' lecture on ' Socialism and Practical Politics.' The audience embraced representatives of all classes of the com munity, a,nd very frequently made it mani fest that it was largely in sympathy with the speaker. But its chief characteristic was undoubtedly the earnest attention given even to the least interesting details which necessarily formed part of such an address. It is not many years ago that respectability veiled its face or fled horror stricken at the mere mention of socialism, whilst to-day it is customary to regard with scarcely concealed contempt any one who is suspected of a leaning in that direc tion. But the necessity for reform aud progress, the necessity of some alteration in existiug industrial methods is fiuding advo cates in other than the unkempt illiterate Ishmaelite it has been the custom to re gard as the sole exponent of such doctrine And as people come to think aud to learn more, they are beginning to despise less They are beginning to see that the old prejudice which invariably associated the advanced reformers with revolutionary proceedings and wholesale confiscation is after all but as the baseless fabric of a dream— a ghost raised by tho scared imagi nation of vested interests. There was nothing surely very revolutionary, no odour of Bastile-taking king-beheading insurrec tion, about either Mr. Bobertsor his chair man the fiev.'C. H. Sheddeh, There was 110 word of any outrage upon either law or justice, no. suggestion of confiscating pro perty and fscatteiirig it in a general chaotic scramble in the intervals of -blood- maddened orgies. Nothing of this— simply an educated gentemau talking .quietly and calmly of' better education for the people, of Hie advantages to bo gained by intelligent co. operation, of the equity of a land tax and the foolishness of taxing improvements, and of many other kindred matters upon the proper ad justment - of which:, depends a great deal of practical benefit to be gained by legislation iu the near future. 