Crumbs. A conference of labour elt-c -ral leagues was held at Bowral on Saturday. , In the international association football match on Saturday England beat Scotland. . Chicago capitalists are organising a wheat corner and have already tecured 11,000 000 bushels. ' Pope Leo XIII is prostrated by weakness. Cardinal Rampolla, Secretary of State to his Holiness, is acting in his stead. The harvest returns for the last season show 1,382,521 acres- of wheat, with an average yield of 11-26 bushels per acre. A discovery of 500 letters. suDDosed tn have been written by Voltaire, have been made at a library in Geneva. Breathes there the man with soul so dead Who never to himself hath said— ' I'll pay before I go to bed The debt I owe the printer !' We should think not, Sir Walter Scott. Rudyard Kipling has written a national poem for the opening of the Imperial Insti tute by the Queen on May 10. Mr. J. M. Toorney, secretary of the Young branch of the A.S.U., has been selected to contest Young in the labour in terest at the next general election. The revenue of New Zealand for the year ended 31st March amounted to £1,640 000 giving a surplus largely in excess of' the Treasurer's estimate of £65,700. Prince Bismarck celebrated his 78th birthday by a festival at Friedrichsruhe on I Saturday. He called for cheers for the Em peror, ' the protector of the whole German race. A Duluth combination has arranged to consign millions of bushels of wheat to Chicago in May, m order to frustrate the operations of the Chicago capitalists, who have organised a wheat ' corner.' King Christian of Denmark says that the , substitution of arbitration for war is beset with difficulties, and the movement to be successful must be initiated by one of the leading-powers. New South Wales still continues to have the largest increment of population of the several colonies. During 1892 there was an increase of 31,750 persons, or about 37 per cent, of the whole increase of Australia. A Florida negro mistook a mule for a ghost, and poked it with a stick. The verdict recited that he came to his death by the use of too short a stick in probing the uuknowable for evidences of a future existence. The members of the Extreme Nationalist Party are urging Mr. John Morley, Chief Secretary for.Ireland, to ,take proceedings against Colonel Saunderson, M.P. for. North Armagh, and other Ulster' leaders for incit ing Orangemen. PYGMALION AND GALATEA. A faultless niodel for the sculptor's skill . Such as Pygnia)ion cherished in idea. When by a daring effort of his will The lifeless marble lived in Galatea ! A parody thereon by E. Baly : ? A faultless model for the sculptor's skill The couch a pigmay lie on— strange idea That. by a daring effort, of his will The lifeless marble lived in a gal out here ! The Mercantile (Victoria) Bank inquiry is bringin'g out startling disclosures. Mr. Ducker,. one of tiie liquidators, testified that on balanciug day £6,000 bad been paid in to satisfy the auditors and withdrawn after the audit; and that in addition to, the solicitors and auditors no fewer than ten officials of the.bank had overdrafts. After an aDgry debate in the House of CommOns, Mr. Gladstone has obtained a monopoly of the time for taking the business of the House after Easter. The Speaker refused to apply the closure in the debate .on the . Employers' Liability Bill at midnight. The debate was adjourned. The House of Commons was adjourned for the Easter holidays until Thursday next. A correspondent of the Westminster Gazette , has suggested the whole or partial printing of that paper palindromically, as a step fur ther in the direction of easing the work of the eyes, by relieving them of the task of moving ^n one direction only, from left to right. For example : — Further particulars received duet ton od tpygE morf To re-assure those who, &c.; A bill has been introduced into the Hous® of Commons by Mr. Patrick A. M'Hugh, t'n® anti- Parnellite member for the North Divi jsion _of Jjeitriro, whioh authorises the Irish jLand Commission to expend £100,000 in the reinstatement of Irish tenants on the | basis , of the recommendations contained in jthe'report of the Evicted Tenants' Commis S10n j 7n'.^8 rePort the commission recom mended that the Irish Courts should be empowered to reinstate tenants, and that advances should be made from local rates to enable whe.terants to purchase stock and Day off a rears m rent. Mr. M 'Hugh moved the second . reading of the bill, but the debate was adjourned. Mr. John Morley, Chief ;beoretary for ^Ireland, promised to support I t F0.61}81™6 ^ it was postponed until after jthe Irish Home Rule Bill has been disposed Historical essay /by an . Invercargill (New Zealand) schoolboy: 'Henry 8 was the greatest, widower that over lived. He was corn at Anno Domino in the year 1066. He had 5.10 wives, besides children. The first jwas beheaded and afterwards executed. The second was beheaded-, and afterwards ex-; .eout'ed.; The second was revokedi She never smiled aigain. But she said the word ' Calais' would be found engraved on her heart after peath. The greatest mau in his reign was Garrett Wolsey. He was named Sir, the Boy Bachelor. He was born at the - age,-pf, 15, unmarried. Henry 8 was suc ceeded , on the throne by his great grand mother, the beautiful and accomplished Mary,, Queen of Scotts, sometimes known as the Lady of the Lake, or the Lay of th§ Jjaet Minstrel,' 