TWO NEGATIVES. I PLACED my camera at a safe distance from the edge of the cliff and threw myself at full length upon the grass. It was a baking hot September afternoon, and the climb up the landward side of those mighty downs had pretty well pumped me. No matter which way I looked the prospect was a gracious one. To the right and left stretched the great ridge of chalk down, which runs in a straight line from Freshwater Gate to the Needles. In front of me, 700 feet below, smiled the summer sea, dotted here and there in the distance with the white sails of ships and the smoke of the steamers ; behind, at the foot of the steep ascent I had just climbed, lay the little Tillage of Totland embowered in trees; and, beyond, the smooth waters of the Solent formed a silvery fringe to the leafy solitudes of the distant New Forest. The cliff on the brink of which I lay ran sheer down, without so much as a foot-hold for a sea-bird, into five fathoms of water. A pebble dropped over the edge would fall 700 feet into the sea without meeting any obstruction. At such a height, lying a yard or two from the precipice, I could not see the water immediately below, the sea not coming into my line of vision till it was 200 or 300 yards away from the solid wall of rock. Every now and then a gull screamed, but otherwise not a sound broke the sultry stillness of the throbbing atmosphere. I had been there, perhaps, a quarter of an hour when, without any warning, the presence of man asserted itself in startling fashion. A wild cry of aston ished terror, sounding as if from afar off, and yet distinct in its piercing shrillness, fell upon my ears, and then, with hardly any interval, there seemed to float over the edge of the cliff, from the vast infinity of sky and sea and space beyond, a wail ing shriek of anguish that could only be the last despairing plaint of a human soul in dire extremity. I sprang to my feet and looked out to sea. There was nothing in sight which could account for that strange cry. Far off-at least a mile and a half away there was a schooner yacht, with limp white sails idly flapping for lack of a breeze, but no sound from her could have reached me, and she was the only thing in view except the great ocean-going steamers that were mere pufts of smoke upon the horizon. It must be, then, I thought, that that ciy came from immed iately below the precipice on the brink of which I stood-from the space between the base of the cliff and the line where the sea became visible to me. I was already standing as near the edge as I cared to go, and without crawling snake fashion and hanging my head over it jras impossible to see what was taking place just under the cliff. I was about to throw myself prone upon the ground so as to crawl to the brink and look over into the abyss when the necessity for doing so suddenly ceased. An explanation!for the horrid noises I had heard offerea itself, and a very prosaic explanation it seemed at first sight. At any rate, in the absence of any other I was bound to accept it, and tbe natural disinclination of a nine teenth century man to credit the possi bility of himself individually being mixed up in any occurrence out of the common induced me to jump at it. The explana tion came in the form of a boat slowly and steadily pulled into my line of sight from the invisible space below by a single rower, who was lazily sculling himself straight away from the precipitous rock in the direction of the open sea. From the height on which I stood I could see that the man in the boat was clad in conventional flannels, and that the boat itself was either a shore pleasure boat or, it might be, a yacht's dinghy. Away vanished my alarmed supposition that some terrible accident had chanced at the foot of the cliff, to be replaced by the matter-of-fact conviction that the man in the boat had been trying the effect of his voice on the gulls, which had risen scared and screaming from the crannies in the face of the cliff. But I am an enthusiastic amateur photographer, and in those, the early days of my fad, I never lost a chance of improving the occasion. After the fright he had given me it was but fair that the unknown in the boat should be enlisted as a subject for a snap shot from my camera. I got the apparatus in position in a moment, and, having focus Bed the 4x»t and its oocapant to my satisfaction, I put in a slide containing a rapid plate, and released the instantaneous shatter. I knew that in the fiftieth part of a second that one flash of daylight had done its work, and that I should be able to add to my collection the counterfeit presentment, small bnt clear, of the man who had tried to frighten the sea-gulls and had fright ened me as well. So I closed the slide, and, taking up the camera, turned away to prolong my walk to the Needles. Before I had left the spot I cast a glance at the oarsman in flannels. He was still sculling slowly and steadily straight out to sea. A year later I was sitting one evening alone in my chambers in the Temple. I don't know that there was any reason for it, except that a rush of vacation business had just caused me to regretfully abandon a photographic expedition into Normandy, but somehow my mind turned to the pleasant trip I had taken during the j previous " Long," and among other incidents I thought of the snap-shot pic ture I had secured of the solitary rower from the heights of the Main Bench cliffs. I had developed the negative that same evening in the dark room of the hotel at Totland ; but, finding that the details, though clear, came out rather small, owing to the distance between the camera and the object, I afterwards enlarged the photograph, with the result that I had obtained what I knew must be a very fair likeness of the man in the boat. I opened my album and looked at the picture. The camera with which 1 had taken it was what is known as a " half plate" one; and from half-plate size I had enlarged it to whole plate, thus getting a picture 8-| inches by 6£. The main portion, of course, depicted nothing but sea, but the effect of the enlarging ' process had been to bring the face ef the unknown sculler up to about half the size of faces in ordinary carte-de-visite por traits. There was nothing remarkable about the face except the heavy mous tache and eyebrows, and one other feature -the abnormally large ears, which stood out from under the straw hat, suggest ing the sails of a windmill. For the rest, the face was that of a fairly good looking man of about five-and-tairty rather strongly marked, perhaps, but whether the ragged lines were due to dis sipation or to exposure to the weather it was impossible to judge in so small a pic ture. " If that photograph flatters," I said to myself, " the original is a blackguard. If it does not do him justice, he may be a good fellow." I had hardly passed this verdict when the postman came to the door of my chambers. His double knock denoted that he was the bearer of some missive too big to be thrust into the letter-box, and that he was waiting to hand it in. My clerk had gone home, so I opened the door myself, and took in a foreign letter and a small package, which I could see by the stamps had also come from abroad. I brought them into my inner sitting room and opened the letter first. It proved to be from an old Eton chum of mine, who had gone into the army young, but with whom I frequently corresponded, one of onr chief bonds of mutual interest being the study of photography. The letter was as follows : " Artillery Lines, Allahpore, Punjaub. ' JuV 24th, 188-. " Dear Philip,-This is not my usual budget of general news. I write to ask you to do something for me in the photo graphic way. I am sending you by same mail, in a separate packet, a dark ? slide containing a negative which I took the other day, and which I am unable to develop, as I have ran out of the neces sary chemicals. I have ordered a fresh supply from England, but it will pro bably be months before I get it here up country, and there are special reasous why I wish to print from the negative as soon as possible. Will you, like a good fellow, develop it for me, and send it back by next mail ? It will then reach me here long before the chemicals I have jast ordered out. " As a reward for the trouble I know you will incur on my behalf, I will relate the circumstances attendant on the taking of the negative and on ray desire to obtain an early print of it. The now latent image which I want yon to deve lop should, when called forth by your skilful manipulation, present the sembl ance of one Jasper Melhuish, a captain in our battery. The photograph is wanted to decide a bet. Melhnish has been in India with us for the last three years-quartered here at Allahpore for the last two of them. About a year ago he obtained sick leave and went for three months to the Sanatorium, at Ghizree, to recruit his health. Well, there is a fellow in oar battery-also a captain, Newcome by name-who has a chum, called Oarrathers, in a line regiment now at Bombay. It seems that Garrnthers in a letter whioh he recently wrote to Newcome casually mentioned that he was at Ghizree last year during the months of Augast, September, and Octo ber-the very same months during which onr man Melhaish was there. In his reply, incidentally referred to this, and asked Carrathers what he thoaght of Melhuish. Oarrathers promptly wrote back and said that Melhuish was not at Ghizree for any portion of the time he was there. Newcome, who acts as bri gade-major and station staff officer here, was easily able to verify the date of Melhuish's absence from doty by referr I ing to a file of the orders. There it was | in black and white-August, Septem ber, and October. He also asked Mel huish himself if it was not in those months that lie was at Ghizree last year. Melhuish at once said ' Yes,' and natur ally seemed rather keen to know why Newcome was worrying about the matter. Melhuish has a nasty temper, so New come didn't tell him that his friend Car ruthers had denied his having been there, bnt made some excuse for asking the question. Having the files before him, and Melhuish's own word for it, New come was positive that Garrnthers had either made a mistake about the date of his own stay at Ghizree, or else that Melhuish, for some dun-escaping reason of his own, had passed under a false name while there. Newcome, who is of a sporting tarn, wrote to Carruthers and offered to bet him a couple of hundred rupees that Melhuish was at Ghizree during the months named. Of course, Carruthers couldn't come up here-a distance of 800 miles-just to inspect Melhuish and decide the bet, so the only way is to send Carruthers a photograph of Melhuish, when, if he recognises it, as we all think he must, as a man who was at Ghizree, in August, September, and October last year, he will have to pay up. I therefore took an instantane ous shot at Melhuish, without his know ledge, as he passed my bungalow, and the negative is the one now sent you for development. "I have a shrewd suspicion that it will turn out that Melhuish was at Ghizree under an assumed name, for he was very hard up at that time, though the lucky beggar came into a fortune shortly after he rejoined us by the drown ing of bis elder brother while yachting in the English Channel. This is the whole history, so get away to your dark room and let me have the negative back soon like a good fellow. <l Yours always, MONTAGUE RIORDAN." There was only one thing to be done on the receipt of such a letter as this, and that was, to go and do what was asked of me. Taking the packet con taining the slide, I went straight to the small closet which I had fitted up as a dark room and prepared to carry out my friend's request. I mixed the solutions, put the dishes and pans in order, and then, having extingushed the candle, I set to work to develop the negative. AB I opened the packet and took the as yet spotless plate from the slide, I remember thinking that it was not very interesting to busy oneself upon the likeness of a man I had never seen. I couid not even feel the slightest excitement about the result of the bet between the two Indian officers, and wondered half-pityingly that men should voluntarily exile themselves to eventless lives in which such a trifle could be seized upon as the basis of a wager. I was just beginning to recall sundry instances of bets made on insigni ficant subjects, when the plate-now in the developing dish-began to change. Every photographer appreciates the im portance of this moment, and, careless as I was about the tbfcg-except to do the best I could for my friend-I watched the darkening surface of the plate closely. Slowly the outline of a human form stood out distinctly from the obscure background which the brilliancy of th? Indian sunlight had wrought to such a pitch of density that the central figure looked like a white ghost walking on a murky night. It would be a good nega tive, That blackness on the plate, when printed, would change in the photogrBph itself to a white back ground, which would serve to throw into bold relief the subject of Captain Newcome's bet. But what was this that was coming into view? Surely Nature had not furnished Captain Melhuish with horns! And yet what else could be those spiky projections that rose from under the circling band of his forage cap? They were too i long for ears, unless the murky light of the ruby lamp was playing me false -too long for ears, unless Melhuish was a Midas in form as well in the wealth that had suddenly come to him. But no; the developing solution was fairly at work on the plate now; every second the details became more sharply defined; and ears they were , without doubt, though long enough to have puzzled me in the ruddy gloom of ' the place. And then slpwly it dawned upon me that the incident was fami liar. Somewhere at some previous time I had developed a negative, and had at firBt wondered what the ears could be, BO prodigious were they. It ( came like a flash. I had gone through the same experience when I had deve loped the snapshot photograph of the solitary rower who had frightened the AT^n Bench gulls. Then, in the dark room at the Totland Hotel, as now in the Temple, I had made the same mis take ; sod I wondered at the strange coincidence which brought the man. m ( the boat to my mind so soon after look ing at the picture in my Album. In the morning, when the negative was dry, I took a print from it, and then the coincidence seeiued stranger still. The photograph of Melhuish and the photograph of the unknown were photographs of the one and the same man. I wrote by return mail to lliordan: " My dear Monty,-I semi you your negative and some prints from it, which I took as a precaution in case the negative should be broken in tran sit. I also enclose a photograph taken by myself some time ago. You will notice the likeness which the oarsman in the latter picture bears to Captain Melhuish. I cannot now tell you the circumstances under which the photo graph was taken. I may do so some day, or I may not, but I look upon thiB photograph of my taking as not unlikely to determine the point at issue between your brother officers. " Take some opportunity of showing this photograph to Captain Melhuish, suddenly, and watch his demeanour while he looks at it. If I am not mis taken some light will be thrown on the mystery of his whereabouts during the late summer and early autumn of last year. At the same time, let your friend Newcome carry out his original programme, and send the photograph which you took to Carruthers for identification. I am pretty certain that it will not be recognised aB the portrait of anyone who was at Ghizree during the time under dispute. Yours, In two months to a day the following answer came: "Artillery Lines, Allahpore, Punjaub. " Dear Philip,-I write in haBte to catch the mail, and can only outline the events which hare followed the receipt of your letter and the photo arrival I showed to Melhuish the pic ture of the man iu the boat. There were balf-a-dozen of us in the ante room before mesB, and I abruptly told Melhuish (hat I had had a picture of him sent out by a friend in England. Naturally he asked to see it, and I put the photograph, which you say you took, into nis hand. He stared at it for a moment as if he could not under stand ; then he looked me straight in the face, and said, in what I thought a very inconsequent manner: "' Someone has been very clever.' * " I don't know whether he meant to allow that the picture represented him, or that he only admitted a resembl ance. Just then dinner was announced, and though I did not sit next him at mess that night, thank God, I saw that he was in the wildest spirits. He did not drink much, but he laughed and joked in a way quite foreign to bim; for a cold and cautious reserve was one of his most striking peculiarities. After we leftmeBs that night we never saw Melhuish alive again. He was found in his own quarters next morn ing shot through the head, evidently by his own hand. It is hard to under stand, as of late things had gone well with him. He was not a favorite, but we are all much cut up at such a tragedy, and I am more tnan shocked, for I cannot somehow dissociate the dreadful thing from that picture of the boat which you sent. Some day when we meet you will perhapB en lighten me and relieve my mind. " By the way, Carruthers was right about the poor fellow not being at G-hizree. He utterly failed to recog nise the photograph I took. His Assertion is borne out by some papers fotiud in Melhuish's desk, which prove conclusively that he was in Europe that autumn. .It is believed that instead of going to the Sanatorium, he went to England incognito for the double pur pose of escaping hiB Ifidian creditors and of raising the wind- We think from what we found that he left the P. and 0. steamer at Gibraltar, and went on board his brother's y.*cht; in which case he must have been on board at the time his brother was drowfled. He always hated any mention of the accident which gave him a fortune. With all his reserve, he was evidently a man of strong family affection. " Yours ever, " MONTAGUE Rioedan." And so the question which presented f itself to me that night in the dark i room was answered. The two nega- ? tives resulted in a terrible affirmative. ' But there is no living soul who saw , what it was that scared the sea-gulls ] on that summer afternoon. Let it rest. PHILIP Bbeckmexl. October 16th, 188-. 