A REI , SLICUE OF LU[CK, TOLD BY ANEX-DETECTIVE. It was the height of thiseason atMiddlohamp. t ton-on-Sea, when I found myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary in brain and body, I turned my back on the din and turmoil of London for a fortnight. As I sat in the train withmywife and family. I thought I had entered upon a new era of my life. I seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation rise from my shoulders: for fourteen blissful days were my own. without the fear of being rung up at untimely hIoure. tI had done for the nonce wth stealingaboutdark andi shadowy places in search of come miscreant, or, what is often just as tedious, tracking a thief in the guise of a gentleman from hotel to hotel. 1 remember on one occasion playing a game t of hide-andl-seek with one of this class, who led ino a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an 1appearaneo. he had just diseappeared, and never empty-haoled ; but at last i ran him to earth at an hotel where a numbher of rich Americans t were staying, and landed my fish, who gave o in, like the common-bred article he was, the v moment I hooked him. But this is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep tion at Middlchamipton-on-Sea. The landlndy doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or u something of that sort, and I flattered myself s that in my brand.new tweed suit and straw hat t the lnst thing people would take me for was an Sofficer connected with the detective depart. mont. The tide of humanity secomed to me to be 0 almost as wonderful as the tide of the oceani. I- There were, as a communicative beachman told Ic me, "tons of visitors " present. They crowded theEsplanade; they strolled and mooned about the Iigh.etreet in hundreds, and pickled them. selves in the briny in shoals. r Being a sociabli animal, I generally drop into t the coffee-room of an hotel to enjoy a glass, a e smoke, and a chat before going to bed, and in accordance with my customn,I strolled. into the Norfolk, where I found a number of sea captains ashore, a few shipowners, and perhaps half a Sdozen local tradesmen, but no visitors. I felt Sdisappointed, and thinking that I had hit upon y the wrongplac, emptied myglnss, and was pro. Sparing to go, when thero lounged into the room a tall, gentlemanly man. Ile was well and neatly dressed, from his collar down to his faultless icets, which fitted him is like a pair of gloves. There was about him the is ir of an independent man who was killing time, nund found that even an exertion and a Sbore. Y fIis cheek.lones were a little too high, his . mouth too largo, and his eyes too close y to each other for my liking; but Nature turned us out of avariety of moulds, and the man we dislike at first sight often carries a heart as true and honest as sterling gold. 0s It was evident that the neowcomer was ex g pected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the "Shipping Gtazette," and the sea captains forgot to talk wind iand weather. e l a few minutoa I gathered that the gentle. is man rejoiced in the aristocratic name of Do Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. Ile was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his confidence. Mr Rox, tl the landlord of the hotel, bowed down before oh him, and the frequenters of the room hung on d his very words, atd not without reason, for Mr is De Caux had been everywhere and knew every. e- b a had hobnobbed with Ministers of the 5- Crown, and might have sat in Parliament but for 'a the fact that he had taken an oath not to meet a it certain man; and he had come to Middlohams, t-ono-Sea for quiet and rest before starting on along journey i: his steam yacht, which, he Sstated, was then under repairs. is I listened in amazement, not so much that the d man should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelled the world over should believe one-half what hosaid. The character was not newto me. I hadmotmany such afellow, who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession is of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the way place to astonish the natives and leave a record behind him. ThehabituiTs of the snug coffee-room treated me civilly enough, but in comparison to Mr Do a Caux I was a more nonentity. By some means or other the conversation v turned upon ' banks and banking. Rox, s the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame thatthe branch of theL-- S 'W- --I-should only be open on Tuesdays and i Saturdays. s"I get so sick of it, " he maid, flourishing a long pipe, "that very often I don't trouble to bank for weeks, eepecially at the height of the season, when I cant call a moment my own t until late in the evening. Just step round and tee what my bars are like. You'll find 'em n crammed with visitors, and I ought to be there d now, but "-bowing deferentially to Mr De If Cas-" since you have comeamong us,I can't resist the temptation of enjoying an our en ths i- society you have been goo enough to give us." 0 " Why don't you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before them ? " o demanded the great DeCaux. "I would. No doubt, Mr Rex. you have often large sums of money in your house " "I should think I have I Why, at the present a moment- Good evening, Mr Treller." Mr Treller was the superintendent of the " police-a stout, burly man, blessed with alarge e bald head, staring eyes, and a painfully wheezy voice. e Mr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, changed chaise so that he might sit at his side, and ordered Mr Rox to fill a glass with some. thing which the superintendent seemed par. ticularly partial to, for on its being supplied, he emptied the glans at a gulp and sot it down. b' This feat seemed to Mr Do Caux's mind P quite a work of art, and the landlord's services e were again called into requisition. Again the subject changed, and this time with regard to the number of police employed at h Midilebampton.o.Sea. With a grunt, which Mr Troller meant for a laugh, he was good o enough to inform us that the country authorities a considered four men sufficient to protect six a thousand souls while they walked abroad or slept in their beds. "You see," he said, in that awful voice of his, "we are all honest here; and as to the f visitors, I hav'n't had a serious charge for years. Occasionally we get a drunken excurs t ionist, but-balh !-that is nothing." And so they talked and drank and laughed until Mr Rox reluctantly told ns that eleven a o'clock had come, and that all but lodgers in the house must depart. I was the first to go, and as I walked in the moonlight to my lodg ings, I laughedat what I had seen and heard. Perhaps it was just as well that Mr Rlex and his customers were so simple-minded; hut I could not quite understand Mr Superintendent Treller, and I came to the conclusion that had Mr Do Caux liked, he could have wormed out of him a good deal of information, which, if perhaps not exactly official, might prove ex tremely useful to an unscrunulous man. Early next morning I met Mr De Caux. We bathed from adjoiningmachines, and be, rocog. I nising me, hoped that he would have the honor of my company in the evening, which-save the honor-I stelated he would undoubtedly have. Now it wasno business of mine to make my. self known to Mr Treller. Had I chose I could havedone so, but my mind was not so bent. In the firstplace, Iwas on leave, and a free lance, and, secondly, I was not convinced that Trelier-who was about as fit for his post as a log of wood- would not hint mysteriously at what I was, and render the remainder of my holidays extremely uncomfortable. SFor I must tell you that when a detective is at ply there is as much difference in him as bilip drunk and Philip sober. He drops "shop" as he drops a hot coal, and it is with growingdespalir in his heart that he counts the days to the one when he must again pick up the thread which leads so unfortunately to the dock and prison. The daypassed pleeacntlyenough, and after a latedliner (we were quite genteel at Middle hampton-on-Sea) I wandered about the esplan ade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazing ate mile or so of fiat sand and ea.weed, it struck me that I should be wasting time in seeing what the town away from the High- street waslike. But for one thing I was not repaid for mytrouble. The thoroughfares were narrow, and the dwellings mostly small. Theohouses were fullonoughnow. butI pictured tomyself what they would be like in a few weeks' time, when sorrowing landladies sat in the back kitchens listening to the howling of the wind as it swept the desolate shore, and wishing that it was always summer, and visitors i did not migrate with the regularity of swallows. An old sign stretching half a across one of the streets attracted my notice. The house to whichit was attached had gables, which hung I frowningly over like heavy eyobrows; the door was arched, and lest people should pass it heod. I lesslyby, theproprietor had cauned to be painted onittheinscription, "The Old White feer. Good entertainment fornman and beast." I I was pondering on the age and history of the hnuse, when the curiously'shaped door 1 opened and a man stepped cautiously out, and II in spits ofa soft felt hat pulled well over his ti eyes, I recognised the celebrated iMr De Caux. tl Of course, he had as much right to stplore the Ii interior ofTheOld White Bear as had to stare at the exterior, yet it struck me as rather I eas strange that so distinguished apersonage should find his way there. " h He did not notice me, but walked, swiftly dt towards the High-strt, and no soonrwas no th ont of Right than I stopped into tho hostelry-or, rather, 1 should say, I fell in; for, not noticing that two steps had to be negotiatled, I went a crash against the counter. - "Upon my word," I sold to the grinning andlord, "I ought to apologiso for startling " Oh, " he replied, " we get used to that sort I of thing. Myonly hopeis that you havo not hartyourself. I think I must have the floor 1 raised level with the road. " "And high time," I rejoined, laughing. " Well, thank goodeess no harm is done; so r draw me good glass of ale, and I'll sit down and forget that Ihaveo had a shakinr. " "Won'tyounwalk into the parlor g. inquired the landlord. 'You will flud it lees draughty than sitting here." a I accepted his Invitation, and on entering the o room found myself in the presence of two men. The noment I appeared they rose to depart; but before they hiad time to pass out of the door, d I had taken stockof them. The contrast be. n tween themrn was great. One was short, thick r set, with arms out of proportion to his height; h the otherwas tall, slim, thin- featured, and sham a hling in his gait. o "I suppoose," said I, as the landlord brought o in the ale on a tray, " that you are not much troubled with visitors ? " "They drop in and out," ho replied; "butI y don't take much niotice of them. The two just ir left are strangers to me. You see, sir, I depend If on the inhabitants for my living, and the seasons It don't make much difference to my trade." n " I ran against another fellow as I was t" coming iu," Isaid, "and I fancied I had seen him somewhere." oa " Most likely. He wont into the parlor, i6 and gotinto conversation with the others, as d people will do at the seaside. For my own part, d Iscarcely over leave my house, save oc Sunday it afternoon, wliei I take a stroll for my health's sake; so itis not likely that I take much notice of people who come and go. " O I drank up my ale and wandered back to the a busy part of the town, What I had seen not me Sthinksing. 0 I rememberod what Mr Rox, of the Norfolk, Shad said about keeping agreat dealof moaey in the ouse, and I meditated n the popularity of Mr Do Caux, whohad noset up his altar in the n smoking-room for the simuplet- minded people to bow down to. "Come, come," said I; "this won't do. 1 am down here to enjoy myself and mind my own business. What an ass I am to fret and fume about people I have never seon belore It is quite withsi the bouuds of possibility that I ig have boon spotted by a constable in private a clothes, so I will let Mr Do Caux go his own . ay, and I will go mine." as It was just nine o'clock when I approached 'd the Norfolk. Sounds of hilarity floated from to the half open window. Mr Do Caux was telling ono of his famous stories, and had "sot the table on a roar." Mr Superintendent Treller was in a painful h state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, to his fat sides shook, and every now and then he kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to have a fit. . "I assure you it is true," said Mr Do Caux, )e "I saw it with myown eyes." ar A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Rox was 0o overcomethat hebit off the end of his , pipe and narrowly escaped swallowing it. I re concluded that, by being a little late, I had lost in a good thilg. Every bodysaid so, too, and I r had to be contnit with listensing to the story second-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it n was as truthful as the punishment of the man in , the moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I , preteided to laugh with the rest, and itr Do Caux was in such good humor that he insisted In on the glasses being refilled, not only once, but as twice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr Troller got exceedingly mellow, and volunteered o to sing asong, whereupon the landlord fled in im disamay and the rest of the company coughed re behind tiheir hands. at As I was passing out, Mr DeCaux stopped me in in the doorway. "I have taken a fancy to you," he said. . "You have not said very much, but I know a a man of the world when I see one. Now," he added, looking at me outof the corner of his sd eyes, "I should say that you either hold or did )e hold a commission in the army." "You flatter my appearance," I responded. n "To the bestof my knowledge, I have. never drawn a sword in my life." a "Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely you have been in some official capacity?" id "S am afraid I know more of pickles and jams than what you are talking about." "I don't eare what you are," he replied, tpresingmy hand warmly. "I have taken a sliking toyou, and that is sufficient. Hang it, n whatdoor it signify how a man gets his living d so long as he is a man ? Will you go for a n drive withme in the morning?" re "With the greatest of pleasure," I said-and )e I meant it. 't Little did he or I think what sort of drive we to were to take, and how advantageous it was to ' prove to one of us. is That night I slept but' little, and when I did a my dreams were of such a troubled nature that in o the morning I found myself, unrefreshed and if with a singing in my ears which promised to develop into as nasty a headache as. ever man t was aficted with. I don't know what possessed me, but as soon i, as I had gone through the farce of breaking my . fast, I stepped over to the post-offllice, and wired the description of Mr Do Caux to the chief then in charge of the " Yard." I, The clerk who took the message was visibly affected as he counted the number of words. . The pencil jumped about the paper like the r. indicator of a telegraph instrument. 1, "I'll attend to this myself," he said. "Will you wait one minute, sir ? I should like to d have a word with you." s Ina few minutes he returned, and leaning over the counter, said: h "Perhaps you don't know that a burglary t was eommited atthe Norfolk lanst night. The h thieves broke open the safe, stole all the money, d and then had the audacity to enter a gentlea SI man's bedroom, and not onlywaJked off with x his watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag con r tamining jewellery and valuables to a considerable amount." f A long course of training and experience had a taught me never to betray astonishment, but r on this occasion I thinkI must have done so, r. for I found myself clutching at the edge of the counter with one hand and rubbing my throat a with the other. "Indeed," said. "Well,. send the reply a over to the Norfolk. I will go there atonoe." On the doorstep stood poor Mr Roex, De Caux and Superintendent Treller. eox was as palo as a ghost, Troller looked aperfectly greasy with perspiration, and Do I Canx was laying downthe law in no measured t style. ' "A nice thing this is for me!" he was say t g. "I don't care so much about the value of the things, but they were nearly all heirlooms. There was a mourning- ring which I would not have parted with for twice a hundred pounds. s Why the deuce," he added, turning furiously upon Rex, "don't you have your side windows fittedwith shutters? Any boy with a putty knife could force back such a fastening." Mr Rox remained silent. Speech had almost failed him since the discoverv of his loss. The [ burglars had entered the house bh a window under the archway, and entering the office, had made a clean sweep of everything worth taking. The safe, a very old one, had given the burglars but little trouble, and a trifle over two hundred pounds had been extracted. The watchlene and heirloomless Do Caux ap. peared to be half mad with grief and rage. "This," said he, " comes of carrying my heart on my sleeve. This is the result of talking before s~trangern. Oh, the tool I have madeof mJfust then I espied the telegraph boy, and met him half way. To tear off the buff cover and read the contents of the message was but the work of a somenta: "The man is wanted. Detain him." That was enough for me. I strolled calmly back, with my hands in my pockets. and hum ming the air of a popular tucie. 'Troller now stand alone in the doorway, and I beckoned to him. "I haven't time to talk to you or anybody." he wheezed. "Pray don't bother me, Py men ar scouring the couitry, and'I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard." "I have saved you the trouble by doing so, I sad. - '- . "Youn" The color died out of his face, and he tilted backwards on his heels. "Yes. Pardon me, lMr Troller, but I think yen have loat your head. Step up to the station and bring a pair of handcuffs. Ihavomore than ample reason for remaining here. Ly name is Y-, nd I have been raconnected with the detective department for more than twenty years." Mr Treller ran-yes, he actually ran-for the first time in the memory of living man. Tradesmen rushed to their shop.doors and watched himin open-mouthed amazement, and the wag of the place promptly put it about that the superintendent had started training for the sports advertised to take place iun a week's time. " ' - I entered the hotel, and found De Caux in - earnest conversation with the lhndlnrd. r "I consider," said the former, "that you have been greatly to blame, and it will be my duty to bring an setaon againstyonu. Under the circumataneeb, it would be Idle of me to stay here, so I will go to London, and return" in a few days."' " Busness calls me to town," I remarked, " so perhaps you will not mind travelling with mo. I stepped in to sympathise with you" " ray on't," Do Caux interposed, waving. his hand. " Well, well! Excuse my brusque neoe, but you cannot toll how upset I am." Just thou Superintendent Troller came back. Hle was molting like butter in the sun. I gave him a 16ok to keep silence, as I wanted to give; Do Caux time to pack up the rest of his belong ings. Themoment he wentup stairs Idrew the superintendent Uside. 'I have altered my mind," I said, "At present I have no real clue to who the man is, so I intend to shadow him in the hope of drop pingon his companions with the swag. Give; me the handcuffs, and wire to Hereford for a constablo to meet me at the station in case I should need his assistance." The superintendent made no demur. After: his unwonted exertions he was in a kind of. dreamy state, and could only hope that I would>t be successful. Half an hour later De Caux and I were on our way to Loudon. At thetermilnuswe parted,. but not for lon. No sooner was he in one hansom than I was in another. The driver know me, and took the hint at once when I said, " Follow." For the best part of an hour we rattled' through the streets of L:ndon, until the hansom contalsing De Caux bowled into a read flanked with neat villas end came to a stop. " Pull round sharp," I said, pushing up the. trap; "I have seoen enough. Now drive me to HII-street station." A dozen words with the inspector on duty put half that number of monl in private clothes under my direction. Do Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe as if held in a vice with a giant at the handle. All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o'clock a girl dressed as a servant out for the oevening loeft the house. She was fol lowed by a " shadow," who reported that she had left anoto at a house in J-street, and had then taken a tramcar for the northern part of London. Opposite M?r Do Canx's villa was an empty house, and there I awul my assistants watched and waited. Midnight came, asnd then out went tlheoliglhts o the other side. I had begun to think that nothing would come of our patience, when the sound of wheels broke upon my ears. A four.whoeled cab came jolting along, and to my groat joy stopped at the suspected homuse. Two men stopped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went boldly up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened I and my men darted across the road. Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling followed, but the fighlt ended elntirely in our favor, and I had the satisfaction of escorting the famed Do Caux and the two meno I had met at the old White Bear to the station. The "swag" was almost intact, and the des pair of the prisoners unique. I need lnt enlarge on what followed, but explain briely that Do)e Caux, whose name afterwards trauspired to be a very coomon one indeod, was nothing more nor less than the pioneer of a clover gauog of bergrlars. The "put up" job at itiddlahnmpton-on Sea was one of the cleverest I had ever to deal with. De Caux, asI will call him, let the burglars in, and while they wre at work woent calmly back to cod. To keep up, the part he ,vs playiog, his accomplices walked off with his watchl and chain sod Gladstona bag, which, however, did not contain a valuable mourning ring, or anything of value. Mr Iloex got the mostpart of his money hack, and spent a portiot of it in having his windows better protected, and I don't mind saying that he did not forget your humble servant. It was, indeed a real slice of luck all round, save to poor.Treller. That unhappy man never got over how he had been taken in. The notion that he had hobnodded and made friends with a notorious rascal was more than he could stand, and after a short time he "handed his papers in" and retired. It was time he did so; but, if I am not mistaken, so far as sharpness goes, I fear that the race of Treller is not yet extinct. "Weekly Budget." 