RELIGIOUS NEWS. 'The Diskottios op 1813.'— This was the subject of an address delivered on Sunday morning, May 21, by the Rev. J. Lvall. in Flm(lHr«-O*-.rftMt-. Pnn'ivUlnan HhilroVl Choosing as his text Psalm oxii. 4—' Unuo the upright there ariseth light in the darkness,' Mr. Ly»ll said theae words were selected by the celebrated Dr. Chalmers at a convocation of ministers of the Church of Scotland, held in Edinburgh in November, 1842, for the purpose of oonsidenng what their duty was in the rela lation they had hitherto occupied to the oivil power. l«'oraeverai years previous the Church had been in conflict with the Courts of Law, and it wa3 felt by those who belonged to the Evangelical party, as it was called, tnat a crisis had arisen of the gravest charaoter, and whether thoy could with a olear conscience romain in the Church of their fathers, to which they were devotedly attached. To be faithful to cheir convictiuna meant leaving Uhurcheaaud manses and tender associations. Dr. Chal mers's opening sentences were— 'The great lesson of thia text is the conviction which obtains between integrity of purpose and clearneas of discernment, insomuch that a duteous conformity to what is right is generally followed up by a ready and luminous iiacernmectof what is true. It tells us that if we tiave grace to do what we ought, we shall be niade to see as we ought ; or, in other words, if right morally we are in the highway of becoming right intellectually, and concluding, 'Yemen ot God, who make the Bible the directory of your hearts and consciences, you will not long be left in uncurtainty. He will make your way clear and open.' And after a week of hallowed and harmonious intercourse, Dr. McDonald, McCheyne, and other jelebnties taking part, they separated, firmly resolved they would be true to their con fictions, and that what preparations were ijossible should be made for leaving the Establishment. It was that meeting ivhich prepared the way for the Disruption of the Church of Scotland -n Alay IS, 1S43, one of the most important jcelebiastioal events of the century, an ivent which profoundly stirred the hearts of ;he Scottish people, and produced effects irhich aro felt far and wide down to the present ;ime. Mr. Lyall then proceeded to stato that ;here might be differences of opinion as to the jueation at issue amongst those he wag ad Jrdssing, yet it was possible to discuua eueh a iubjt.jt iu a charitable spirit, and in such a ray as even thosa who differ from the eeceders n their policy may admire tho moral heroism md spirit of aelf-sRcrifioo they displayed. He ihen referred to somo of the questions at issue. tVith the ascendancy of the Evangelical paroy ;liere had been a remarkable increase of ?eligious zeal and activity, raralting in foreign ni«sionary enterprise, formation of normal ichoola, and a Church extension scheme, and a iidleafcive rt-venue for tho various ChriGtian snterprises was in 1839 reported as fourteen iimes greater than in 1H34, the year the Veto ict was passed, which authorized Presbyteries o sen aside presentations to vacant Churches vhen objections were raised by a majority of ihe parishioners. The law of patronage was ibolishedinl874, butforl50 yoars it had pressed leavily upon the rights of the Christian leople, often causing collision with the civil rawer, as casea arose in which unacceptable ninisters were presented to certain parishes -y the pat-one. The indenendence of the Church was at stake, and the question arose — Waa she to ba reduced to the position of a mere creature of tha State? An appeal waa made to the House of Lords, and deputations to the Government, without obtaining aoy concession which would enable them to retain their places wibh honour. It was then that the Sustontacion Fund, that noble memorial of the sagacity and genius of Chalmers, was launched, by which it was sought to provide by the contributions of the Churoh, as a whole, for the necessities of the poorer districts. An unexpected enthusiasm was evoked throughout the land, and large sums were contributed, although the greas bulk of the aristooracy could not to the last be p&rsuaded; that more thau twenty or thirty so the utmost would throw up their livings. Even in Edin burg, tha incredulity was as great as elsewhere, and one leading citizen a day or two before the disruption re marked, *'Mark my words, not forty of cbftm will go out.' He (Mr. Lyall) was but a lad at the time, but could well 'remember the deep interest with which the event of May 18, 1843, was anticipated, and the thrill whioh wenj through the lend when the proceedings of that day baoamo known. After the levee at Holyrood Palace aud services at St, Giles' nhe General Assembly met in St. Andrew's Cburcb. Dr. Welsh, 'the Moderator, read a document, those signing it declaring it their duty to quit the X'atablishment, and to en deavour in humble dependence on God's grace to oarry on their work outside, and, bowing to tha Commissiduer, left the Church followed by Dr. Chalmers and other men of eminence. The effect upon the audience is said to have beeu overwhelming, aa man after man, row after row, moved on along ihe aisle, till the benches on the left showed scarce an occupant, as more than 400 ministers and a larger number of elders had withdrawn. At Cauonmills a large hall, capable of accommodating 3,000 persons, had been prepared, and thither they repaired. Dr. Chalmers was appointed Moderator, snd when they oommenced to sing 'O, send Thy lighb forth and Thy truth,' Bays Dr. Hannay, 'as the va3t multitude stood up to sing the words, and as the swell of 3,000 voices rose up in melody to heaven, a sudden burst of sunshine filled the building, and there wero some who thought of Dr. Chalmers's text but six months before, ' Unto the upright there ariseth light in she darknesB.' ' In the course of a few days the act of separation was signed by 470 ministers, who thus renounced an uggTe gate income of more than £100,000 a year in carrying out their convictions of duty. After alluding to the many hardships endured in the early days of the Free Church, of services being held in barns, tents, on the seashore, and on publio highways, Mr. Lyail spoke of tLe_ 1,200 oongregatiqns formed in connection with it a3 a clear gain to tha cause of Christianity in Scotland, to say nothing of the work among the Jews, on the Contiuunt, in the colonies, and in mission fields ; and what many are longing for now is a reconstruction of Presbyterianism of the land, so that the disfacta membra of tho Church may be united in_ the great body, a3 they are already in doc trine, worship, aud discipline ; and, although difficulties stand in the way of reunion, let us hope that under the influence of the spirit of wisdom and obanty it may yet be honourably effected. Concluding with some practical lessons suggested by such a history, the discourse was brought to a olo3e. Diocesan Repoet op Pout Augusta.— The fourth report) of the liabilities of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Augusta has been published, and to judge by the information to be found therein (cays the Dispatch) it is aa satisfactory, considering the depressed times, as those which have preceded it. The ex penditure shown for the twelve months ending November 20, 1S92, waB £2,299 10s. 3d., while tha total receipts were £4,297 4s. 9d. Thus it will be seen that a reduction of liabilities, amounting to £1,997143. Gd., has resulted. The following extract from the report will give a good idea of the state of things :—' Taking the two classes of our liabilities — the old acd tho new— separately we have the following egures:— Undertho heading'old liabilities' the charges against the various accounts amounted for the year to £9S4 4s. 5d. Of this Bum the great bulk represented interest accruing for the term. The income, on the other hand, was £2,S68 15s. 5d. The balance in our favour — in- dicating a decrease of indebtedness— amounted to£l,SS411s. The latest item, therefore, to be added to the table showing our position from year to year so far as the 'old liabilities' of the Diocesa are concerned is of the same encouraging nature as were the item3 pre viously entered. For the successive years of our history our indebtedness in conneo tion wjth the old accounts of the Diocese stands thus :— August 13, 18S9, £18,095 Us.; November 30, 1890, £13,539 8s. 7d.: No vember 30, 1891, £9,110 2a. 5d.; November 30, 1892, £7,225 11s. 5d. As regards 'new liabilities' — those incurred in connection with accounts opened since the formation of the See^-the expenditure for the year amounted to £1,315 os. lOd. Of this outlay but aBmall fraction wa3 _ lost in interest ; for by far the greater portion we have full value in the a«sets secured. The receipts for the term came to £1.428 9a. 4d. Here again, as will be seen, we have the balance in our favour. While adding materially to the diocesan properties, we still were enabled to finish the year with an indebtedness less by £113 3». 6d. than our indebtedness at the close of the previous twelvemonth.' Home Mission Services.— In continuation of tho special services in connection with the Home Mission a public meeting was held in the Wellington- square Church, North Ade aide, on Monday evening. Mr. W. Gilbert, a. P., presided. After devotional exercises )lr. W. Diment (tho Treasurer) read the financial statement for the year, which showed that the income had been £300 48. and the expenditure £329 17s. lid., so that they were £29 13s. lid. to the bad. Addresses on mis sionary work, during whioh it waa urged that the Divine love comprehended the whole world and that God's message was to all His creatures, were delivered by the Revs. O Bright, J. G. Wright, and J. D. Thompson TnE Salvation Armt.— The subscriptions in aid of the Training Homes in South Au* tralia of the Salvation Army are complete, and on summing everything up wb find that wo have raised the 6um of £2S3, being an advance of £21 en last year's amount. This, we are inclined to think, is a decided victory^ and speaks more loudly than words can of the determined effort made by our comrades in this direction. The Southern Division was of course first, having raised £126. the Central making a gnod stcond with £96, and the Northern, where very much financial deprea son exists, coming in with £60.— War Cry. Wellington- square Church. — Special Home Mission services were held on Sunday last at Wellington-square Church. The occa sion being also Whit Sunday the Rev. J. Day Thompson asked the attention of his morning audience to the ttory of the water turned into wine, whioh he interpreted u a 'sign' (John's word for the miracles) or parable of the spiritual mission of Christ, which was to enrioh and ennoble the religious thought and hfo of His time and of all time. When He came the wine of the oid prophets had ceaxed to flow, and there waa ebb tide and emptiness, depletion, and dilution. Religion was a thing of traditions, ceremonies, and taskwork ; there waa no insight, little or no spirituality, no gladness or spontaneity in religious life and service. Mr. Thompson Bhowod how it was the inevitable law for the first hand glowing oonviotions of one age to become mere conventions and formulas in the next ; and how this spiritual miracle of turning the water into wine again was having continu ally to be performed. It was still Christ's work to do that by the energy of the spirit, whose coming at Pentecost they commemorated that day. jPeter rejected the suggestion that it wa^ vinous intoxication which accounted for what the people saw and heard on the Day of Pentecost, but he proceeded to show that a true vital and spiritual exhilaration had come to him and his fellow-apostles. It waa ' new wine,' but nob of the spirituous sort. Whitsuntide, Baid the preacher, was not a mere historic) commemoration ; it suggested the perpetual recreating energy of the spirit of Christ, which mipht be perpetually ex perienced. Many illustrations were used to show how the course of religions history both before and Bince Christ proved thia. Religious life was impoverished in these days because people seemed to think only of somethingdone in Jerusalem 1,900 years ago whioh could never be repeated. Mr. Thompson held that it might be repeated in all its essential features continually, and was indeed being bo repeated. What we wanted was more faith in the ever-present energy of the Holy Ghost — more patience, more reverence, more receptive ness ; a greater readiness to see Christ both in old forms and new ones. Mr. Thompson ?lso showed at length how the same process of enrichment might be taking place con tinuously in the individual life. The wine of the past might fail, the creed of the old days no longer ea'isfy, but Christ was ever present to provide fresh wine for the sustenance of the soul. The spiritual could never fail out of men or out of the world. In the evnning Mr. Thompson based his remarks on tho story of the demoniao who after being cured prayed Christ that he might remain with Him, but of whom Christ mads a missionary to his own home and city and district. The point of the sermon was to show that religions emotion was pot simply to be indulged but used in practical BPrvioe for humanity. Peeling was force for duty. There waa a good deal oF religious sentimentalism and selfishuess which tbo'jghfc only of having a good time, bnt took very little thought for the woes and needs of others. Every one wa3 bound to be a home missionary up to the measure of his enlighten ment and experience. A number of illustra tions drawn from different sources were used to enforce this theme, and tho preacher laid special stress on bearing witness for Christ and religion at home in one's own actual conditions and surroundings. Many a man aspired to be a light of the world who had not yet learnt to be the illuminator of his own little home-circle. Good collections were taken for the Primitive Methodist Home Missions. 