W GRAVE AND GAY . . Never chew your words. Open the month and let I the Words come out. A student once asked, "Can Virchue, fortichude, gratichude, or quiecliude dwell with that man who is a stranger to reetichude." A regular physician being sent for hv a cfuack, ex pressed his surprise at being called in on an occasion apparently trifling. "Not so trifling, neither," re plied the quack ; " for, to tell the truth, I have by |r mistake taken some cf my own pills." After the first representation of Voltaire's Orestes, Madame Luxembourg sent the author four pages of cmicisms on his piece. He contented himself with replying in a simple line — "Madame, Orestes, is nut spelt with an H." In Richmond Church, Surrey, is an epitaph on a certain Robert Lewis, who died in 1G49, " and who was," says the epitaph, " such a lover of peace that when a contention began to arise between life and death, he yielded up the ghost to end the dispute." A physician ordered one of his patients to drink Seidlitz waters. The man made up a wry face at the suggestion. "It is only the first glass that is un- y pleasant." said the doctor. " Very well, then," I answered the sick man, " I'll only drink the second." ' Tiie following advertisement appeared in the Times: (4 A young lady, who has received a good education, ?an read and write, and is versed in geography, history, music, dancing, and elementary mat hematics, wishes a situation in a respectable family as a washer and ironer." A gentleman talking very loudly to the Prince de Guemfiiiee against Cardinal Richelieu, " Take care," said the Prince; "here are some of his creaiures who might hear you." The persons alluded to were, poor people who came to receive their usual allow ances. A " Light Employment " — Candle-making. "Stocks are firm," as the thief said when he had his feet in them. " Love's Labour Lost " — A hen sitting on wooden egg8- The basest men have the lowest estimate of women. wnen is a foot like a stable ?When there's a corn-btn in it. What is that by losing an eye has nothing but a nose left? — A noise. . ' Spasmodic writing is the effect of pigmies attempt ing the feats of giants. A young lady once blew her lover out of doors and then kissed the candle. If disposed to be exacting, let your heaviest demands be made upon yourself. The Pace that. Kills— The faster a man starts in life the sooner he gets into a hobble. Why is a patch of corn like a dunce? — Because it's alwavs liable to have its ears pulled. For every friend whom a man iosea for truth's sake, he gains a better. All the passions are intermittent fevers, except vanity —that gives no respite. Armies don't like to be hard-pressed. We can't k eay how it would be with an army of women. '' To win love and esteem, it is far better to be gracious than graceful. How can yon expect to make low morals a befitting accompaniment to lofty thought? A young lady at the West-end is so refined in her language- that she never uses the word " blackguard," — but substitutes " Ethiopian sentinel." Wiiy should a quill pen never be used inditing secret, matters ? — Because it's apt to split. " I .don't remember having seeu you before," as the lawyer said to his conscience. Never speak of a man's virtues befor his face, nor of his vices behind his back. " Come, sheer oft'," as the ratn said to the man who was cutting off his wool. Waste of wealth is sometimes retrieved ; waste of health, teldom ; but waste of time, never. An ugly old bachelor suggests that births should be published under the head of "new music." If a railroad man was to listen to the railing of a set of sharp-tongued women around a tea- table, he would think it a rare specimen of the T rail. A fortress is generally captured more easily the second time than the first. This is as true of a widow's heart as of other strongholds. Good works are the fruit of righteousness, not the cause. The tree makes the apple, not the apple the tree. In an action for fees a physician cannot recover. In cases of illness the patients are often in the same predicament. A lady whose son was eaten by cannibals pleasantly remarked that he was killed and buried in the same hour. A wretch was heard to say the other evening, at a social party, that a young lady playing on a piano forte was like an ape, because her fingers were 'mong keys. ' One disconsolate widower erected a monument to the virtues of bis departed wife, while another went through the same operation for the departed virtues of his spouse. To be envious is to punish ourselves for being inferior to our neighbours. If, instead of looking at what our superiors possess, we could see what they actually enjoy, there would be much less envy in the i world, and more pity. An old farmer said to his sons : " Boys, don't you > ' ever speckerlate, or wait for something to turn up. -i You .might just as well go an' sit down on a stone in the middle of a medder," with a pail atwixt your legs, an' wait for a cowto back up to yon to be \ milked." v This is c-n a scolding wife who died in her sleep : ' Here lies the quintessence of noise and strife, Or, in one word, here lies a scolding wife; Had not death took her when her mouth was shut, He durst not for liis ears have touched the slut." We give this for the benefit of our contemporaries, not the public. It concerns the former alone, and may be of inestimable advantage to them: "Do you want a poetical contributor? The advertiser is desirous of an engagement as poetical contributor to a weekly periodical. Salary £50 to commence with. Age not under 21." A young clergyman, who is a successful pastor, was telling a retired missionary that he entered college and the theological seminaty with the intention of becoming a missionary, when the old veteran broke out with: "Ah! you turned back after putting youi hand to the plough?" "No," was the answer; "I just took another plough." Jones: " I thought I warned you, particularly, cook, against boiling my eggs hard. Now, how is this ? Here are they boiled fit for salad, in spite of every direction. What -did I tell you?" Cook: "Oh, sir, 1 remember exactly what, you told me, and acted accordingly. The eggs wi re in the water to a moment precisely nine minutes." Jones: "Nine! I told you three." Cook: "Yes, sir; but there's three eggs. Of course, if oue takes three minutes boiling, three must take nine. I may be a fool, sir, but I happen to know what three-times three makes for all that." . At the recent ordination of one of the bishops, one of the candidates for deacons' orders was so low in his theological attainments that he was very near being " plucked." As, however, he had been strongly re commended to the bishop for his piety and zeal, bis lordship consented to ordain him, but warned him that he must study very diligently before he came up to the nextexamiiiation, urging him especially to farni- liurise himself with that well- known theological work, Butler's "Analogy." When the young man departed his lordship accompanied him to the door. He seated himself in the omnibus to proceed to the railway station. The bishop went . up to him kindly, shook hands with him, and, as a parting reminder about t he "Analogy," exclaimed, "Good-bye, Mr. . Don't forget the 'Butler!'" "Oh, yes, my lord," replied Mr. , "I've just given him 5s. !" and before the astonished prelate could offer any explanation the omnibus had driven off. What ladies are best to go fishing with ? — A.\\\\-ne.itc and Caro-//we. Delightful Africa! When Capt. Faulkner was staying with a native chief, his host offered him a present of a young black lady. He was shown the present, and asked whether he liked it, and, " for tho fun of the thing," he answered, " Yes." The captain was then told he must ditch her himself if he wanted her — this was the courtship. They are not quite in different to appearances these African chiefs, but they have strange notions of the dignity of " the service." Fancy a British captain chasing a black nymph as "a Cockney chases a. house maid a kiss - in - the - ring on - Boxing Day. The sight would only be inferior in horror to that of the officers .of the Guards alighting at' the do-r of the Crystal Palace from an excursion van, which Punch thought would be worth looking at. The lady did not like the captain, the captain did not like the chase, so, to make matters pleasant, the present was bound with cords, and brought howling to its white lord. " Presents " seem all equally hard to please, no matter what, the colour of their skins. Then the captain said, finely, be would treat, her as the English always treated slaves, whereupon he took his knife out, cut the cords, -and set her free. A graceful end ing to a pretty story. Although nobody ever saw a perpetual motion Homebody has made a perpetual motion saw. Want less than you have, and you will always have more t han you want-. Life is like blind- man's-buff, where mutual sym pathy is'iudicated by our feeling for one another. A Hungarian, desiring to remark on the domestic . .habits of a young ludy, said, " Oh, miss, how homely ; you are." The men who flatter women do not know them £ ' .sufficiently , and the men who only abuse them do not |?jluipwthematalL ; » 