CHURCH INTELLIGENCE, The Christian Convention was continues! in the Carrondown Baptist Church on Tuesday, there being good attendances. In the after noon session a praise and prayer service was led by Mr. Wm. Burford, and a conference on " Abiding in Christ" followed. Mr. H. D. Smith, who presided, spoke on " What it means," the Rev. Dr. Porter on "Essential to fruitfulness," and the Rev. J. Nancarrow on "Why should we abide in Him." At the evening session a conference took plaoe on "The working of the Holy Spirit through the believer,"Dr. Porterpresiding. Addresses were given by the Chairman on "Power for servioe promised," by the Rev. T. J. Gore on "Wait until you get the power," by the Rev. W. Bell on "The promise fulfilled," and by Mr. G. H. Cargeeg on "The results of the bestowed| power." On Sunday evening a song service was held j in the Hindmarsh Town Hall in connection | with the local Y.M.C.A., when there was good attendance. Three choruses were given ] by the ohoir under the direction of Mr. T. Alves, and three hymns were sung. Mr. H. j D. Smith presided, and gave suitable connec tive addresses. Miss Dinnis was the pianist. On Monday a Christian Convention was! commenced at the Carrondown Baptist Church | when there was a good attendance. The ser vices "are intended to create, by the Divine blessing, a deeper acquaintance with the truth concerning the Divine indwelling as the source of the Christian's strength for life and for ser vice." A prayer and praise meeting opened the afternoon session which lasted from 2 till 3 by the.Rev. J. Nancarrow. At 3 o'clock the Rev. S. Mead took the chair and gave an address on "The Holy Spirit—His person ality." The Rev. R. M. Hunter spoke on "The indwelling of the spirit—Christians'the temples of the Holy Ghost;" the Rev. P. G. Thomas on "The witness of the Spirit— Christian assurance and Dr. Porter on " The leading of the Spirit in praotieal Christian living." Dr. Porter took the chair at the evening session and spoke on " The sealing of the Spirit in the believerthe Rev. G. Hogben on." The liberty of che Spirit;" and the Rev. J. Nancarrow on "The unotion of the Holy One and the spirit of intercession." Mr. W. H. Jude leotured at Clayton Church on Tuesday evening in aid of the liquidation of the church debt, on the "Psalm of life." There was a good attendance, and the address was illustrated by several musical illustrations. In 'connection with the Lay Readers' Asso ciation and the Church of England Sunday Bohool Union, the Rev. W. S. Milne, B.D., I gave a lecture at the Church Office on Tues-1 day evening on "Presbyterianism." The Rev. C. S. Hornabrook presided over a moderate I attendance. Mr. Milne commented on the' differences between Episcopal and Presby terian forms of church government, and con tended that the former was clearly the govern ment of the primitive church. This the Churoh of England maintained against the papal theory of Roman Catholics, the class system of the Presbyterians, and the Congregational idea3 of the Independents and others. He sketched the ohief characteristics of Presby te rianism and distinguished between its teach-1 ing and that of the English Church. As to the General Assembly he pointed out that Churchmen might learn something from what must be acknowledged to be a methodical and excellent system of ohurch government. It was true that there was an annual synod, but it would never be able to do its duty j efficiently till it was assisted by its subordi nate courts, vestries, rurideaconal chapters, and archdeaconal visitations. If" these were to fulfil the functions discharged by the kirk sessions, presbyteries, and provinoials Bynods then it might be hoped that"the annual synod would be produotive of more good. If they did not believe that Episcopacy was essential to the life of the ohurch they might well say that no better system of churoh government oould be desired than Presbyterianism. Bud it was not for them to invent systems when Christ him self had furnished his church with an order of I ministers. At the instance of Mr. P. Martin, f seconded by Mr. J. H. Packard, Mr. Milne | was cordially thanked for his leoture. The anniversary services in connection with I the Rose Park Congregational Sunday-sohool | were continued on Tuesday, when a tea meet ing and a service of Song entitled "Nell" was rendered. There was a fair attendance. The annual report was read- by the secretary (Mr. W. Barlow), whioh stated that there were 247 scholars attending the Sunday-sohool and 22 teachers, the average attendance of scholars being 188 and of the teachers 17. He also stated that an efforb was being made to erect a new class room for the infantB, which was greatly needed, the juniors numbering 80, and so far £60 has been raised. The receipts for the year were £50, exclusive of the £60 above mentioned. The service of song was successfully carried oub by a trained ohoir under the conductorship of the Rev. W. P. Jones, the conneotive read ings being given by Mr, H, Savage. Solos were rendered by Messrs. W. Barlow, E. Tyson, and H. G. Hallaok, and the Misses M. Barlow and E. Brown. Miss Barlow presided | at the organ. 