GOUUNTRY NEWS. FROM sUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. BLACKMOOR. The fair fields of Blackmoor look up at! Gog, and Gog looks down at Blackmoor, while a deep ravine, threaded by the riveri Mersey, lies between- them. Gog is the. name given to a mighty ridge that runs: east from that lofty landmark -Mount' Roland for nearly fifteen miles, and ends abruptly a little to the south of L'unorlan. At its eastern extremity stands a' conical hill of humbler altitude, called' Miagog. and through the intervening gorge flows the Mersey. After leaving the foot of Gog 'for some three miles the Mersey turns north; and, bidding good-by to Gog, makes tracks for the sea, which it joins' at Devonport. Gog is over a thousand feet above sea level; and looks like a great wall thrown up, per haps in the days when giants possessed the earth. From its summit can be seen Port Sorell and a strip of the distant sea. 'To Blackmoor it presents a front of precipi tous crags and scraggy woods; rusty with, age and as silent as a neglected church. yard. But there is sound enough when the "high tops of the gums are fretted with the gusts of heaven." Westward, from the'-Mersey to Mount Roland, the country is a thickly-wooded land of hills and vales and running brooks, with Gog on the "south and towering Roland on the west.' Looking from Black moor over the sombre surface of this rugged country, you can' mark the spots where sturdy settlers are clearing homes for themselves by the white patches of dead trees with which it is dotted. This is Beulah land. Viewed in bright moonlight this wild landscape is perhaps more weird and impressive than dear old Melrose "seen aright." Along those silent hills ghosts of the dispossessed natives may be hunting ghostly game. In the morning light the scene is different; the lower ridges with their lateral. spura running in all directions' are then finely defined, and the mighty hills look dwarfed. In the foreground there is a..respectable hill cultivated from base to submit, and on the submit stands a picturesque homestead, gleaming white in the morning sun, a picture of rural peace: The road from the Dunorlan railway station to Sheffield on the west side of Roland passes through Blackmoor, Beulah, and Paradise. At Blackmoor there is a descent of a mile and a half to the Mersey bridge, and a corresponding ascent on the opposite side. Beyond that point the road is comparatively level. .till you leave Beulah behind by crossing the river Min-' now, a merry little stream of limpid water with a pebbly bottom. An abandoned gold field is here, and the tunnels of the " Star of the West" Company are worth inspect ing. A little farther on you, come to the Dasher river, a fussy little torrent brawl ing under the baldbrow of Mount Roland, and now you are in Paradise-a pretty place certainly, but with more of the Alps than of Eden in its features. A semi-Alpine road of some five or six miles lies between Paradise and Sheffield. The road through out is pleasant and interesting, just the very thing for a pedestrian trip-distance .about twenty miles. The mountain air is bracing and there is a comfortable hotel at Sheffield. Parallel to Gog there is a belt of slate country which extends' from Pig Creek, ,a tributary of the river Lobster (ye gods, what names !) to.the Minnow, and perhaps beyond those points. An old 'quarry of this slate is on the Mersey, and all along the belt it is found, sometimes asssociated with quartz, sometimes with iron. At :Beulah there is plenty of iron mingled with quartz. Much of it has been under Sthe action of fire. There are also to be met with great maeses of a dense con glomerate, boulders of whichmay be seen on the beach at the mouth of the Mersey. March 2. 