^ite gpMir, NEW PHOBLEM. 10,557. Anagrammatic Charade, by C. E.C.— Part I. Supply 0 ' 6 fa£ ' t °' er Ian<1 aDd S6a my second to Xfrflol* brings messages to all, the low as well as And folks expect to find in it whate'er they with to know; To sotue it is the cue for what to say and where to go. 'l is welcome when it comes to us-as welcome as the day, And you may find an angry man where'er it goes astriy. Yet, strange to say, while every one thinks proper to abu«e it, You'll scarcely find a single man contentedly refuse it. W e'll take tbe letters one by one; you'll find that there are nine; And try what combinations we are able to define. A weapon used by savage man, 'twas liglit and sharp and lung. The weapon most used nowadays, though small, is keen and strong. What nations should not rush into unless its to defend. Unpleasant duty this may be. the opposite to spend. A »)U<-e in ancient Churches where the squire could sleep unseen, Where newts and blindworms must not come to walie our fairy queen. I cannot eat the apple-peel, so take it off in haste, What .Simple Simon told the pieman he would like to taste. Muchsn-eeter than a lobster, and smaller, too, are these. How* tish to table oft is brought among the .I -pauese. ^^nses in the vine whene'er it feels the touch of What he felt when he found himself in presence of ^ u.. What Jack once made theknocker do by pulling at a string. a°° n a3 they are "wne" a "" 1 " a ° ™ '"" ilMr0p3 ^ What he did with bia watch when he was so short of „M a i''-, .. ... , . .... . ^ . ^ h e " ° * d ,th her pKtty ° * ^ ^th are even, sharp, and strong, and yet it weathered these this morning, they are young y E and greea a d sweet. ^tiitae girls should learn at school, and sailors That noise' sets all my teeth on edge, it jars me through and through. . b . J ' ' * ° y m CQmtortable ^h?ir The hollow in the neck that is just below the hair. P ° leS i" the P° ala andnm. A grinning,^hairy creature, how like a man he , Unnatural excrescence that is hard to take away. e them, must they be in say. the House of Lords; he's one 7 of If yon don't pat this round you you'll catch a : honid cold. you don't sell your shares at this 'tis you that will be sold. Part It An old phonetic riddle _ wo" r' d~; r may " remind " you of the I To expect you to remember it is surely quite absurd. It has nine letters, I have said, and you will soon discover Wli^t we are told is blak and whyt, and yet is red I awl over. Don Q aixote was not this when with windmills he woidd fight. The moon looks faint and weary, and seems smaller j every night. The vase is clear as crystal; it c&me; from Derbyshire. The opposite to sprins tides; too low to bathe, I fear. What Shakspeare called the yellow leaf, and red hot dons can do; She made a sharp sound with her hand, "I don't care that for yon." Tbe n hristian ours, Mahommedans the flight from 1 The^toe „ sleep. *" ^ j The psalmist in nine inches sums our little length I of life. I her must not stay to brave the I «>niing strife. , 1 What your new boards will do if you leave them in I the rain. What dresses do to streets when they're encumbered by a train. The smallest bird in England, Cock Robin's pretty . at I poachers set to catch the hares on many a I ""jutr/side. , oets caU the loTers thi P cheek when hollow, n . and P^- The Jt breid came fresh this morning, I do not Iik j inse stale. I c t that in England stings and buzzes round ] , „ , , . j What pretty women should not do—it mates their noses red. word oft used in poetry, its meaning is before. A fruit that's crisp and mellow, sweet and juicy to the core. I The ghosts command in "Hamlet" as it melted . into air. . . t „ A show seen for a pennypiece at every English fair. What leases. sprins does to the Sowers and Government to The stone he flung went through the glass, and shattered it to pieces. °l dfas hioned name for water-jug that in the I chamber stands. J ^^trZL^fnt. ^ ^ A Scottish name for little ones jnst toddling at the J knee. The editorial pronoun made small by adding E. I what ,ike R Ki rdle laps the earth with murmurs J " Teet in ton «- Wheat a d WiUs and pltchera aUaM , ° said to own. I AU correct answers to the above received before te Tuesday. tomharO m ber 9. September (Bee ^Soo Notes KAtau 5, and anrl will Correspondence.) Pntvoennnilaii/ia be acknowledged * Sep. I1 