POLITICAL SKETCH ER. A POLITICAL AUCTION. TBi LocHosa.l No one need go short of amusement who has time to attend an auction sale. It is an event worthy of the frequent attention of a philosopher. As a _ study in human nature I can recommend it to parsons as not being surpassed by the stage or the race meeting. It represents the strongest and dearest passion in life, the love pf making a bargain. Rightly directed there is a sufficient flow of magceti m in a well-attended auotion room to chase away half the ills to wtiioh Hesh is heir. Never does the.war wage so hotly between desire and capacity as when covetous man and keen-eyed woman compete for great possessions withsmall means. Deepermysteriea than Steens oreate surround the roBtrum. How it is that the bids ot the uninitiated member of the public are warmly attacked, so that when an article is knocked down to him the charm of extreme cheapness has been dis tilled, is as much past finding out as where the seedy-looking individuals disoover the money to pay for many lines they secure, or as bow it comes about that goods Bold are left to be offered again and again. I have just been attending a political auotion, where a job lob of billets were put up for sale. There is no reason why the Queen's uniforms should not be disposed of under the hammer when the Queen's justice has been thus treated. A law suit has been offered to the highest bidder under an order pf the Supreme Court and bought. Can the judicial mind sanction the one and reprobate the other? I was attraoted to the sale by the subjoined advertisement:— TO-MORROW, (Thubsday), J ONE 8, atnoon, HIS WELL-K^OWN OLTTBROOM. Undeb Ihsthootions fbom the Rbpkeshnta T1VES OF THE PEOPLE AND Oh Account of theLibrbal Pabtv— MINISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS, At Pbesent in the Possession of a Stop Gap Govebnmknt. Premiership.—The distinction of the hardest worked, most-worried, and best-abused man in South Australia. Tbbasubbb.—The privilege of making up a deficit of £100,000 without extra taxation er retrenchment. Chief Seobictabt—The ornamental Chief Constable in charge of a terror-stricken Civil Servioe, big in the head and attenu ated in the budy. COMHISSrONEB of Public WoBKfl — The pleature of finding work for everybody, money no object, and of being henpeoked by the said everybody. Attorney-Genebal—The Minister of Justice to out down "the big wigs," being first blindfolded by the prejudices of his pro fession, so as to avoid hurting it. Ministeb of Education—'Te control the •Knightof the Postage Stamp and teaoh the Principal Pedagogue "how many beans make five." DEMOS has been ' favoured with the opportunity of selling the above to the HIGHEST BIDDER, subjeot to a'moderate reserve. . The soene of the sale was a large and ?leosant clubroom upstairs at the Selborne. t was carpeted, pictured, and furnished to give much comfort, and was known as the Caucus Chamber. Hero it was intended to daily disouss and determine the destinieB of the colony. It was understood that there would be five competitors for the lines which were to be put up in one lot, but the five were divided into two clasBes.Th8 first was represented by the gentlemen who were tenants - at - will of the appointments, and the seoond by four other parties of gentlemen who intensely^ desired to dispossess them. It was also reoorted that those four parties had agreed at all cost to prevent the present holders of office from continuing to be euoh, it being stated that three of those parties were willing to help in the division-list, though not necessarily to any further extent if the fourth's bid secured the appointments. Demos was represented in thb rostrum by a quiet, shrewd little Scotchman, who remarked that the attractions of office were toe well ap preciated by the legislators before him to re quireany words of bis to commend them. His business was to receive bids. They must be distinct and definite; no word jugglery or pie crust promises would be acoepted. How muoh for the appointments ? The Knight of the Rueful Countenance looked upon the face of the Visionary, who was gazing upon the sardonio smile of The Giant and the sphinx countenance of The Pleader, but none spoke. "Well, gentlemen," Baid the auctioneer, "I must start the bidding myself. Who will give ' work for the unemployed' for a handle to his name?" "I will" oame as the voice of one who had been crying in the wilderness for a long time without getting a Premier tu back him before. The Knight endorsed the bid as from a capable member of his party. "So far gooa. But who will give us a free breakfast table?" asked thb Auctioneer. "Einanoes permitting, I will," oame from several quarters. The bidding then assumed an appearance of briskness. "I'll give a utilization tax," shouted the Pleader for himself and the Leader of the Opposition, who was still suffering from the effeots of his accident. " Mine is the flag I nailed to the mast three years ago," spiritedly broke in the Physician, adding, "Mine is the genuine original flag.; the utilization tax is a spurious imitation." " I am prepared to offer Compulsory Concili ation, a good paper measure." The voice was huBky and the tone uncertain. "My highest bid is a labour of love—to take off my coat, and carry bricks for the Labour party." It was the charming persuasiveness of the Popular Idol. "I'll divide the spoil with Demos," was a ven'trUoquial effort, for the owner could not be found. " Demos," interrupted the Knight, with determination in his eye and perspiration on hiB brow, " If I bad my. way I would not bid, but stimulated by my friends I have recog nised the exigencies of the hour. I am ready to make my bostbidanexhibition of patriotism. ('Oh,' and ironical Slaughter.) To secure test and quiet — {Urn's ' Ghost—Peaoe, 'progress, and plenty] — I will give you all that publio opinion will accord you as fair and reasonable. • In addition, I may be possibly induced to double the land tax, with exceptions, further Increase the income tax, and retrenoh the salaries of big men in the Civil Service." The Auctioneer—And take off the duties on the neoeesariee of life? . The Knight—Yes, after we have made ends meet, and have a surplus. (" Thank you for nothing.") The daring announcement took away the breath of all present for a few seconds; then lhBfni..ntlia«AAmnatit!nMaiams]afnH " MaCmi. the four other competitors ejaculated " Magni ficent—for a euioide." Demos announced that the Knight had made a Bplendid bid, the best of all. It was courageous to desperation, disinterested, and made the position to the other side as difficult as when the Government Whip refused office. He was not sure it had not readied the reserve, but the oauoue would consider the matter. 