Cricluet* CRICKET NOTES. fBr POINT.' Before next week's notes appear the Australian Cricket Council will probably have set its seal on the Eighth Australian Eleven. From what I oan bear, it is not likely to make any alteration in tbe personnel of the team. A* a matter of fact the Council could not do that. If the members do not approve of the team the only course they can take ia to refer tbe names back to Ur. Cohen, and suggest any alteration they may dasire. . There has been some mm talking and hotter writing over nonwdepltone, of «ourse, iu the Melbourne and Sydney papers about tbe constitution of the team. I oonld nil a column with extracts which would make almost as funny reading as some of the effusions of my friend " Hugh Kdyptus." The Armm writes:—"The Selection Committee has followed the principle of taking some men from each of the colonies, as if there were some virtue from the cricketer's standpoint in artificial boundaries. It seems to have studied geography and family reasons too mucb, and the interests of Australian cricket too little, it hanpens this season that Victoria can boast of the largest number of men fit for international contests, and therefore a selection on the score of merit would lead to the picking of nine, or at least eight, Victorians. Bnt for geographical or, usiag another word, for log- rolling reasons, only six Victorians are picked, and the team is to be the weaker in conseqnence." This .is just delightful. I am only surprised that tbe writer aid not forget all about George Giffen, Lyons, and Turner, and ask that the whole thirteen should be Victorians. They would like Pr. Barrett, Worrall, and Lewis in the team, and yet they talk of a "parochial" instead of a " national" team, I agree with those who urge Barrett's undeniable skill with tbe bat, but against this must be urged the fact that on the average bis slowness in the fieldcosts his kideatla&stadozenruns; an innings. It is really a very finequestion whether be is worth taking home, but as for the other two why Iredale,Donnan, Callaway, or Beedman should be in before Worrall. while it is rubbish to talk of Lewis as a stumper in the same breath as Jarvis. As I have said before if Lewis mnstgo let Blackham be left behind as he is undoubtedly no longer superior to Jarvis, either with gloves or bat. It is amusing to read criticisms in Victorian papers on Walter Giffeo, Gregory, and Bannerman, and then to note the eloquent silence about Graham, or at most a sentence like this," Graham is a young and improving batsman, who we hope will do well." The majority of the S.A. Cricketing Association Committee have decided to support the selectors.and Mr. Creswell has gone to Sydney to vote tor the team as it stands. Mr. H. T. Sparks, however, takes a different view, and has been endeavouring to take a plebiscite of Oval player; to see if his view is papular. He wants "Walter Giffen out of the team and Beedman in. Most of the men an the Oval declined to return the paper Mr. Sparks sent them on which he wanted them to name the five best South Australian players in order of precedence. They are, I fancy, wiser than Mr. Sparks. Th* men who have to hear the financial risk of the proposed tour, having considered every aspect of the matter, have picked their mates, ana BO long as the team as a whole is thought fit to worthily uphold the prestige of Australian cricket, it does not appea. to me that the Cricket Council or any one else has aright to interfere. The Council would not undertake the responsibilities of arranging tbe tour, and those who have done so should have the biggest say fn deciding who shall be in the team. Every one cannot be a selector, and every one's fancy slayer cannot be included seeing that only thirteen players are to be taken to England. No one will question the combined strength of the team, and the Council may safely give their patronage to it. HeretsaTOoblem which Mr. Hartley might set his fifth form boys at the next annual examinations: —" If Georae Giffen makes 172* out of344 and takes. all the wickets of the opposing side and tiieAdelaides beat his team by 17 runs, by how many would tbe Adelaides win if George Giffen were not playing ?' I asked the question of an impartial lover of cricket the other day, and he replied—" Ob, the Adelaides would be batting yet" This protracted struggle with all Hie warm feeling between the players and the elcitement of the public is pretty ancient history now, and I only refer to it again because it was not finished in time last week for me to congratulate tbe Adelaides, even though they had the best of the luck, and to state that George Giffen has achieved a world's record. This is worth a Bpedal paragraph. It is comparatively seldom that a batsman carries his hat right through an innings, leas frequent still that a bowler is credited with all the wickets of tbe opposing ride, and, so fai as 1 can ascertain, absolutely nnique for the same player to accomplish both feats in tbe tame match. Giffen has obtained Sonth Australian records ere now, and he is the tody Australian bowler who baa taken a<l ten wickets in first-class cricket match in Australia; bnt his latest performance goes beyond our shores and captures the world's record. This fact will get to England in rime to be copied in the Kngllsh papers, and tbe British public will be more anxiiui than ever to see the Australian champion perform, and prove incontestaUy whether he or Cbartey Turner the Terror, or George Lobmuin, the Surrey Pet, is the present champion cricketor of the world. Any supporter of the South Adelaides who has a weak heart risks sodden death erery Saturday. The blue-and-whites have some brilliant playera and some steady goers, who alternately faC and achieve success on no well defined lines. Here last Saturday the board read—Souths, 2 for 100, and in ten minutes 5 for 110 went up, while the uncertainty of cric&et; was exemplified In a stmiUr way by the performance of the tail end. The Adelaide bowling was very well managed, and the fielding was almost perfect, and the Sontbs therefore did not make as many as their friends wonld have liked. Still 191 is a fair score, and the Adelaides have no ligbt task in front of them to make ISO runs for the last 7 wickets. Beedman, Ballans, and Parkin were the best batsmen for the Souths. It was a treat to see Beedman knock fours off the most tempting off-theory balls, and yet his chalners were expensively obtained, for the popular captain ultimately lost his wicket through going at an off ball. His strokes all round the wicket were splendidly timed, and were made beautifully along the green sward. Ballans played masterly cricket at a critical time, assuming the offensive without taking undue risks. Parkin also played a useful innings, and so did T. Smith and Bennett. Martin for once discarded his usual tactics and went in for slamming with tbe inevitable result. The Adelaides were unfortunate in that Winnall could not get down until the end of the Innings; but even he was hardly likely to have done much better than Hiscock if he had bowled as long. Hiscock used to bowl in the country, and perhaps after last Saturday's success be may be given a try with the ball oftener. Most of the Adelaides fielded well, but Tardif excelled himself. He effected three catches—one a marvellous lefthander in the long field. There i» not hl» peer M an outfield in the colonies. The rod-and-blacks started their innings wretchedly, or rather JOTBS started it for them by dean-bowling WtonaU, Hiscock, and Delaney before be bred. How the Soutta barrackers yelled as the wicketa toppled over I It wonld not be a bad thing for cricket it all die dubs bad as many followers aa the Souths ? there would certainly be more excitement.. Still I mnst not complain, nor can the Bough Diamond, seeing that the attendance is avenging nearer 1,000 than 100, as it did not long ago every Saturday. This match is now in an interesting condition, and there will probably be a Jgreat crowd down to see the finish to-day. It did not icm at 4 o'clock last Saturday as though the Hindmarsh had a ghost of a show against the North Adelaides. With & wickets down for 60. and A. H. J arris nn tbe disabled list, the veriest enthusiast about Hindmarsh cricket would not bave dreamt that at 7 o'clock the board would read 283 for 7 wickets. Yet it did. To two men is due tbe principal credit of this fine performance, although Bundell played a aseful innings which set the foundation for the long stand which followed. Noel and Nitschke, who were each responsible for a century, were the heroe* of the innings. It is years once "Happy Jade" Noel made a century and most of ns had come tobelieve that tbe best of his cricket had run out of Ins boots. I was told, however, that if he only bad practice he would warm the bowlers, and the practice in Melbourne and Sydney has . proved the correctness of my informant's idea. Noel ' played a splendid innings, his clean, hard, mil- ' placed strokes reminding ns mudily of the Noel ox 188? and 1883. Poor old Jack is no longer quit* young, though, and be got terribly pumped, insomuch that he was run out right at the close of the day. As for Nltscbke, one nardly knows what to of his batting. It is certainly not aa artistic as ll 1nrdoch , «, nor quite as inelegant as Scot-ton'4, bat onp «j°Jmot rhapsodise about it. Yet the bat was in the .right place when straight ones came along on Sa&rday.; and anything off the wicket, whether fo off or on, was unmercifully punished. OJ 1 ® thing the lefthander does, ana that Ie, he places the ball on tbe off, where lie makes his best strokes. Fred Jarvis made a few, but be did not dest^ve them considering the blind way he lashed out to Amoa"« slows. The Norths worked hard, and thou" fielding was fairly good -after four chances had beO» dropped at the start. - The " Bricks" .have already" set their opponents more Oan they did fn the first match, and probably more than they will make. G. J. Bonnor, the « ft 6) in. leviathan, la still in tbe land of tbe living. Very much alive, too, away up at Orange; in New South Wales, as in sncoesaire matches against local fifteens recently he scored 148 not out and 158 not out On the strength of this batting he was picked to play for New South Wales against Victoria, but was unable to fulfil tbe appointment. It strikes me that (he Southern cricketers were tolerably fortunate to get Sam Plush for •"pur" in tbe North v. South match. His latest sconi for his Club—Nuriootpa—are in succession, SI, *7,155, 107 (retired), and 123 not out. Bis brother Sea. aJse. made 100 (retired) in tbe same match that Bum made 107. . A rare occurrence happened at Nuriootpa last Saturday, when the captain of each side carried bis bat through the innings, J. A. Thomson making 3T ont of 76 for the Angastons, while Sam Pinsh mads 123 ont of 224 fur Nuriootpa Tbe following is the scoring-list of the Baroaaa and light Association:— Hatches Played. Club. Kapnnda Nuriootpa.. Barossa Won. LoaL. Unfinished. 7 0 0 A ii gas ton The Norwoods tuned the tables at Gawler last Saturday. The locals during the last two yearn have profited at tbe expense of the Norwoods, who have not appeared at their best on the asphalt wicket, but tor tbe seoond time this season the city team bave beaten the p'ayers of Modern Athena, although only by 1 wicket. There, however, would probably have been a wider margin lf Giffia had gone in fiist instead of next to last, when be knocked np 88 not ont in double-quick time. Lyons hit terrifically, 40 off 19 halls in fourteen minutes. No doubt the'attendance at the Adelaide Oval will suffer this afternoon on aooount of the demonstration to Sir E. T. Smith at Kensington, but I am sure the South Australian Cricketing Association will be the last to begrudge tbe loss of even 200 or 300 "tanners." Sir Edwin has beenone ottbe hardest workers for our premier Association, In fact the Association has had no ataoncher or more practical supporter, and n» enj i* Adelaide deserves more tbe weUwishes of cricketers. Not only the Norwools, -but all cricketera; aye, and other athletes, too. If only we had more gentlemen of the Sir KdwinSmltb and Lord Sheffield type in Adelaide mudy sports t wonld receive encouragement in directions which wonld not hum them. Sir Edwin has evidently always realized the pleasure of giving, and never did a worthy dab appeal to him, and go away empty handed. It was bis special delight to help the youngsters. I would not mind having at tbe present moment a pound to my credit in the Bank for every bat be has given away. I fancy I wonld be tempted to makean appointment with tbe «enial knight to meet him at Sheffield Bark in May, and see the Australians open their campaign. As Patron of the Norwoods Sir Edwin bu of course given them more assistance than any other one club, end the Norwoods will to-day thank him although I doubt not that be feels himvelf well repaid by the wonderful success of the red-an tibiae! year after year. He seldom missed a match, and it was always with the keenest enjoyment that he watched the men ot his district perform. Such a patron of soort can 111 be spared, even' for a lew. months, bnt I am ante I echo the feelings of all uy readers when I wish Sir Edwin and I*dy Smith a pleasant voyage, a pleasant holiday, ana a return heme in the best ofhealth The cricketers of Western Australia' intend to visit Adelaide and Melbourne daring Easter week. Public subscriptions have been raised to defray expenses, somewhere about £200 having already been promised. The Westeners are very willing to learn, and they thinks and rightly too, ttttt (be experience of matches with oar leading clubs will polish them up. They will not be strong enough to tackle any but onr leading dab teams, and even they, I should think, will win BB the Westem'Australiana have bad no experience of turf wl&ets;, as turf is only being on the PBrth Oval. In connection with tbe Metropolitan Cricketing Association the South Uniteds played tiie Hintf marsh tbe return match,«Lnd gave them an afternoon's leather-hunting. The Uniteds knocked np '.SO, of which A. Monck Played a good innings for f 9, P. Howe 42 not out, D. Henry 82, G. Sketheway 37, and Tidsweli 86 being tin double figures. Griffiths bowled best, securing S wicketa. lhe Avenues met the Ports ax Albert on, end beat then, the scores being Avenues. 171. A. Uren played a ?teadv game for 38. A. Leitch 36 and Well* 18 played well. - £. Haven bowled very well, taking. 6 for 68. Tbe Ports made a very good start, and Had 116 up for * wickets, but the other aix could onlr make 18 more, leaving the total 133.' Mien made 35 by nice cncket, end Shipley was run out for» well-played S3. Bosnian bowled bast, taking £ wickets. The Victorians continued tiHbMnnfngs against the Bowden Tyros, awlpubup25S, W. Warn remaining not out for £4. JB-- Rimes secured 6 tor 89\. The Tyros were all 'disposed of for 82. B. Oonld £6 and A. Gould 19 batted well. C. Plenty e for 90 andC. Stanford'4 for 35 did tbe bowling. Tbe Middlesex had an off-matoh with the Port Centrals, and kept them on the field all theafternoon. putting up S40 for 6 wickets. Thomaffjjlawd a good and free innings for 86 not out. ,W. May bitted nicely for 42 not out, and G. Rowley hit well for 67. The following Is the scoring-list :— Club. Middlesex South United Avenue ... Victorians Bowden Tyros Wip^mftv*" Ports 6 Won. Lost Unfinished. 7 — Xhe Ramblers (who have not been beaten this season) defeated the Grange Cricket Club on their own ground on Saturday last by 101 runs. Aa the rivalry between these two duns Is very keen two Saturday afternoons wen devoted u> tbe match ia" order that the game might be finished. On the 14th . the Bambleie remained in -possession of a good • wicket the whole afternoon, the last wicket f&Uiiu; when the ecote stood at 259. Harry Cole batted splendidly for 78, whilst T. H. Chinner 49, Auby HaslamSS.W. E. Cbinner £8, Chandler 8S not out, and H. Cbinner 22 showed good form. The Grange fielding was good, but the bowling was not particularly deadly. On the Slat inBt. the Ramblers took the field, and in a very short time disposed ot their opponents for 98. Peaks, who played nicely for 41, was the only batsman to offer any xesistanoa. The. - Ramblers'jflelding was brilliant, and tbe catch made, by Wallace towards the end of the innings will not ' soon be forgotten. A. Chinner bowled best for the winners, taking 6 wicket* for 63 runs. The match waa played in tbe best possible spirit (as all matchee should be), and was thoroughly eqJoyaHe. A remarkable bowling performance Is to hand ; which was done on Baturday, January 21. W. Oowling. playing for the firm of Crooks it Brookec , against Woodville, bowled 7 wicketa for 1 tu (i:lt wicketa with successive balls). > - In a match between the Hawthorn H. aad"" Stow Cncket dubs on Saturday last J. Campbell. , of the former club, took 4 wickets for 3 ma ia . Stows'first innings, and 6 for S in tbe seoond, his figures reading—13 overs, 9 maidens, S run&, 10 wickets. Although I am averse to ladies playing cricket publicly it is always a pleasure to see lair sex interested in the manliest of games. Last Saturday at Eden Valley before the local team watt off to Mount Pleasant, a very pleasing little ceremony took rlacs at theresidence of the Kden Valley capUin. Miss Mabel Thyer presented each member of ths B.V.C.C. • with the colours of the dab, silk (Oxford and Cambridge blue), and having pinned tbe MM on each member wished enccess to colours and dub. No wonder that the Valley men thus inspired traightaway defeated Mount Pleasant by sco'lng 0 against 74. Tucker made 41 for the winners, ana Mnson took 5 wickets for IB, while for the lossra Fullwood, the captain, scored and captured S wickets. Another country Association has been formed, nnd called tlie Yatala Association. The clubs are— Mallala, Dublin, Lower Light, and Port Qawier. As most of the players are turners, busy until January with the harvest, it has been deddet to play from January on through tbe winter. Tbe programme waa opened last Saturday, when the Mallala team went toDublin and defeated tbe looal team by ISO to 88. For Mallala J. H, Good 42 not oat, A. Duns tan 29, and J. T. F. Johnson SO, were the principal scorers. None of the DaoUn men made doable figures. Port Gawler «efeated Lower Light, making 140 against 88. IM the former Hatcher contributed 61 end Ward 38: and for tbe latter A. Bowe <3 was tbe principal B C Meli>ourne ran np the enormous total of 6S7 against Bast Melbourne. The crack Bnoe was bowled second ball last Saturday, so that his total stopped at 14L Bob Mcleod went on from 80 to 114\. South Melbourne were beaten wr Pitaroy- Worrall, for tbe winners, scored 80 odd In the first innlngB and 78 not oat In tbeeeoond. Ab he bu twice passed tbe century this season, oikce not out, bis avenge matches must be somewhere about u» ot 800 per innings. 