DIBBS AND THE HORSE PISTOL. TUB HEN EDITOR AND DIBBS. An Excited Interview. J ust before going to press the hen editor of tlio Bird rusliod ' down to soo Dibbs about tbo sensational gun accident. Ho found the Colonial Secretary's office sur rounded by a dotachment of M ulligitawnoy Guards, under the command of General Brass Button. Gn bearing that a rcprosontativo of tbo Bird was waiting outside, Sir George shoutod through tho koy-holo to tlio Sergeant-at- Arms to take tlio chain off tho door and send up another barrel of Spoci&l-; Stin,.. Before entering the Ministerial presence our rop. was searched for dynainito bombs, gun cotton, copies of the S.M. Herald, or other incendiary matter. Several heavy iron bars having been lowered from within, tho door was half opened for a moment and a sepulchral voice whispered — "Come in!" Tho Bird man entered. -s "Ah!" said Sir George, shaking him fervently by both feet, " I have had a narrow escape." " They wero endeavoring to assassin a to you, Sir George ?" we vonturod. " I am a friend of the Prince of Wales," be replied, mysteriously. "How did it occur ?" " Just as you see it reported in the news papers. An Indian endeavored to enter my office with a horse-pistol and a flask of powder. Only for the police I might luvvo mot a soldier's death." J Here Sir George waved his hand elo quently in tlio direction of the noxious trades site, and put out his chest. "Was the pistol loaded wich a copy, of the Bank Notes Bill ?" we enquired. ' Sir George turnod a. sickly color, and [re plied : j " Let the name of Tommy Dodd be cele brated near aud far." j . "Aro you in favor of the Kiama ghost ?" we queried. " If I was only a gaiety girl," began -Sir Georgo, and stopped. ' j The idea of long George being a gaiety girl- so tickled us that wo forgot to asi if anybody had bean threatening Toby Barton with a brief lately. ! " Will Parliament part to meet no more in January P " we asked instead. '' We will stick to our posts while !the Superannuation Fund holds out," exclaimed . tho, Premier, proudly. Ours is no common mission. We are called upon to save jtho country at a time when tho wliangdoodle of Freotrado is wedded to the jabfter- wock of a jaundiced Labor Party. We must bo true to ourselvo3 and to the -Dog Act, or M'Millan will be elected for Burwood, and the Active Service Bri gade will have the scalp of law and order, nnd . spread desolation over the path of Mick . Dooley, and pawn the Queen's Statue for dos3 and tucker. We are the Here the electric bell rang violently, 'and Sir, George jumped eight feet in the ait. "Is that a Fenian conspiracy, or j the roast turkey and truffles I ordered for; my ' , little lunch ?" he shouted through the key hole. j " Neither," replied a voice outside. " It's a message from Sir. Georgo Reid, asking when the Government will have . tho decency to die." j " Leave me/' said the Premier, stjflly. " Leave me. I would be alone witli my own thoughts." i And we loft. _ Tho Bird sporting competition i Par ticulars on pago 8. No fee of any descrip tion, and a chance to win ton pouads. Send your coupon in early. 