A MIDNIGHT QUEST. "What's that you're disputin' about, girls ?" queriod' Uncle Zeke from tho chimney corner. " I say," responded Cleo, " that I wouldn't be afraid to go down to the old Willey house at' midnight Sc. Yalontiao's Evo and walk down cellar backward with a looking-glass And candle—" " Expecting to seo the face of her future husband," interposed Sue. " 1 should ex- peot to see old Willey'a ghost peering over my shoulder." " I'm not anxious to soe the face of. my future husband," Cleo ratortod Binartly. " I only wanted to prove my courage— to cejebrato St. Valentine's Day in approved fashioD," "I'll wager lOdoI. you dasn't go," re marked Uncle Zeke. " I'll stake my amethyst ring that I dare. Here's my hand." "You must fetch o' them mangel- wurzeln In the bar'l side o' the potato bin so's we'll know you wont clear down cellar," said Uncle Zeke. '"Not a word of this," Cleo cautioned in a whisper as they heard a hand fumbling for the latch in tho little dark entry. "Capt'n Luke," eaid Uncle Zeke, with a sly glance' at Cleo. Tho next moment the young man opened the door. It was quite the custom in this Cape Cod town to omit the. ceremony of knocking. An impressive element seemed to have entered the room with this good-looking young captain. The usual witticisms did not flash around. Cleo was absorbed in the long strip of worsted that made a crimson line down her white apron. Sue fidgeted in her Beat and proposed a game oi euchre, b 'Cleo's mind was running upon that sleigh ride with Captain Luke tho last evening. He had como perilously near to a proposal of marriage. Had she been wise or foolish to ward it off so indifferently ? His manner made her slightly uneasy. Pshaw !. What did she care anyway? She knew she had flirted with him a little — this Cape Cod town was so pokey iu the winter — but that wus no excuse for his pre suming to think she would marry him. When her father's reverses came she had boon sent there to spend a few weeks with these relatives, of whose existence she had been scarcely award beforo. They had wel comed her with open arms and she had found much diversiou among them. It was not pleasant to be almost ignored to-night by Cuptain Luke. She thought of the wealthy suitor she had left behind in tbe oity, albeit oid and ugly, and was half inc'.iued to write that very night and accept him; The eve of St. Valentino was mild for the season. Shortly before midnight a woman in dark garb issued from Uncle Zeke's shed door, and walked off towards the old Willey house. Cleo took tho path'to the left, where tho old Willey house'stood dark and lone, and Btood upon the flat stone before the low red door. The windows were nil boarded. Cleo had explored the piaco with Sue by daylight and knew all its nooks and corners. She uulockcd the door aud stepped iuto the entry. Her heart was beating quite evenly. She had been iu a daring mood ever since that night oi the sluighride, and thiB occasion had furnished an escape-valve for her feelings. She lightod the candio and pushed open the kitchen door. On tho threshold sho stopped in astonisinncut. In the cavernous fireplace opposite tho door a hugo tire wus routing and crackling, flooding the room with light and eclipsing her candle. She walked up to tho lire. A big round kettle hung from tho rusty erane, bubbling and hissing like tho witches' cauldron in ".Macbeth." Her usually calm common-sense was held in abeyance. She seemed to be breathing an enchanted atmosphere. Yet sho was far from fear. At length sho recollected her errand aud opened tho cellar door. A gust of damp air made her lamp iliokor. Sho did not waver. She peered down into the darkness, then adjusted her glass arid candle and commenced tho backward descent, tho cobwebs eovuriug her clonk with fantastic tracery. Sho kept her eyes upon her own reflection in the glass until sho had readied the bottom of the stairs. As she stood there a moment a face appeared iu the mirror beside her own, thon vanished suddenly. Something like faintness came over. her. . But sbo resisted, found n barrel of inungcl- w.urzels, snatched one up, ascended the stairs quickly, and set down the candle stick. Tho lurking superstitution which beats with tile blood of everyone of us, deny it as we may, was tightening its hold upon her. Sho did not feel in a hurry to leavo the place. A dreamy influence enveloped her. The agencies wo call .supernatural soemed the only realities. She half expected to see a band of witches appear and join hands around the cauldron. Sho could scent some presence near her, arid when a rather fantastic old woman, bent with ago,. in a red cloak aud huge poke bonnet, stepped from a recess behind tho fireplace, and without glaucing at iier stepped up and stirred tho c&nldron;, mut tering to herBeif as she did so, Cleo was not much surprised. She had not bargained for anything half so weird and romantic. Perhaps this Was Peggy Piper, the fortune-teller, who, it was reported, held midnight conclaves with the powers of darkness. . "Can you read my future for mo?" Cloo asked abruptly. -The orone turned toward her, with eyes burning darkly in the depths of the caver nous bonnet. "You seolt to know the future?" sho queried, in a thin, high-pitched voice, and with a tremulous quivor. "I will road your destiny," and she turned again to tho cauldrcm, "while Cleo drew nearer, strangely fascinated. , , 'Proud;" tho sybil muttered, "ambitious, selfish. Your fortuno i3 not so bright, young lady, that y.ou need bo . anxious to forecast it." , \- " Haven't I ob fair a ohance for happiness ns otlior people ?" Cleo demanded. "kNo, Yog'ro going to soil yourself for a'-fino house in the oity and a carriage and diamonds. Von are mercenary aud heartless besides. Ha ! You don't dotty it ! You will find yoursoif one day starving for love," Cleo stood with her fascinated gaze upon the registrar of fato. "You have another lover, yonng, strong, warmhearted. You havo seen his love for you, and encouraged it day by day. You have looked into his eyes with those dan gerous ones of yonrs. Your voica has been modulated to suit his ear. " Oh 1" with a jeering laugh that grated oii Cleo's narves, "you couldn't deny your- soif tho pleasure of proving your power over him. " You as good as said, Take mc ; I am to bo had for the asking,'" tho crone went on unheeding. "Yotfled him to tho vergo of a proposal of marriage, and thon were utterly surprised to find him in your nut. Oh, yos ? But he is proud, too. Two proud souls, two of them," she muttored, " Young lady, keep your smiles hereafter for the one who is to bo your lord aud master." She stood snmo moments in silence, then scanned Cleo's flushed face. "You have a true, clear eye, ..in spite of all," she said dubiously. "No man would guess what a cold heart luy behind it. You enro only for conquest, that you may boast — " . " Your cauldron lies," Cloo exclaimed. "You only see tho surface." Cleo con tinued, though why sho should exchange words with the crone is a mystery. " Vou cannot look into my soul. If you could—". Sho paused. The sybil peered sharply into her flushad face, over which a tender emotion was stealing softly, then stepped forward aud took her hand, Cleo felt a Btrango thrill us she withdrew and stepped back. The noxt moment mnsk, cloak and bonnet were lying on the floor, aud Cuptain Lulto was standing looking iuto her eyes with tho steady magnetism of his own. "You !" she exclaimed. . "I thought it was Peggy Piper." He smiled slowly. " Do you feel better after. the accusations you have heaped upon me ?" she asked. " Yes. Did yon not deserve them?" "It was injustice 1" she said quickly. "Injustice? Do you jtiean to say that thoso sweet Btniles arid looks of yours were genuiue after ail? That you were really giving me measure for measure? That it was only woman's eoquotry prompted you the other night?" "I have not said," sho began, but he had both her hands in a firm grasp, "Look into my eyes and say that you have boon playing witli mo if you can." Her eyes dropped instead. In an instant his strong arm was around her.. He had playod for high Btakes and won. " And now shall I accompany you home?" he asked, after he had explained hi3 stolen march upon her. "And set the tongues of the gossips wagging? No ; I must go as I came." Sho gathered up class, caudlo and mangei- wurzol and sped homeward, hung up the key and hurried to her room. When the next morning Undo Zeke found, the root besido his plato ho handed Cleo the lOdol. note. "Did you seo a ghost?" queried Sue, thinking Cleo rather non-committal over tho adventure. " Yes, and yet I live to tell tho tale," re turned Cleo in mock heroio style. ' When her engagement to Captain Luke wa3 announced she told the story to Sue aud Uncle Zeke. 