THE STORYTELLER The Scallywag. By Grant Allen. Chapter XV. — COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY. When Paul got home, he put his dilemma at lunchtime before Faith, who went out with li m once more on the knoll to discuss it. '? And what do you mean to do now r' Faith asked, as soon as he'd finished ouljouring his diffi culties into her sympathetic ear. 'Any Low, you must go hack to Oxford.' 'I can't,' Paul answered shortly; 'I've no money to go with.' ' You've Thistleton's tenner,' Faith replied with simple straightforwardness unconscious of the im propriety of such language ou the lip3 of the f.-tnule instructor of youth ; for she had seen so little of anybody but Paul that Paul' 6 phrases can e naturally to the tip of her tongue whece/er she d.'scu .sed the things that pertain to men, and more especially to Oxford. ' That'll pay your way up and settle you in, at any rate.' ?' But my battels !' Paul objected. ' I won't have anvthing to meet my battels with.' Faith was too well up in University language not to be well aware by this time that ''battels ' are the college charges for food, lodging, sundries, and tuition, bo she made no hones about that technical phrase, but answered boldly, ' Well, the battels must take care of themselves ; they won't he due till tLe beginning of next term, and meanwhile you can live on tick, as all the big people do at Hillbcroueh, can't you ?' ' Faith !' Paul cried, looking down into her face aghast. 'Et tu, Brute! You who always pitch into them eo for not raying their little bills promptly !' ' Oh, I don't really mean that !' Faith answered, colouring up, and somewhat shocked herself at her ' own levity in this fall from grace ; fcr, to Faith, the worst of all human sins was living on credit. 'I only meant, can't you try to get some more private pupils in the course of term-time, and 6tand ycur chance at the end of being ab'.e to pay your battels 'r' Paul reflected profoundly. ' It's a precious poor chance !' he responded with perfect frankness. ' There aren't many fellows who care to read nowa days with an undergraduate. And, besides, it spoils a man's owu prospects for his examinations so much if he has to go teaching and reading at once — driving two teams abreast, as learner and tutor.' ' It does,' Faith answered. 'That's obvious, f f course. But, then, you've got to do something, you know, to keep the ball rolling.' It's a great thing for a man to have an unpractical woman to spur him on. It makes him boldly attempt the impossible. So in the end, after much discussing of pros and cons between them, it was finally de cided that Paul must go up to Oxford, as usual, and do his best to hang on somehow for the present. If the worst came to the worst, as Faith put it suc cinctly, he must make a clean breast of it all to Mr. Solomons. Eut, if not, he might manage by hcok or by crock to earn enough money to pull through two terms ; for in two terms more he would take his degree, and then he might really Login to work for money. It was a desperate attempt — how desperate those only know who have themselves been through it. But Paul resolved to try, and the resolve itself had in it a gentle touch of the heroic. Next day, in fact, Le Lace farewell to Faith and his mother, ;.nd returned, With his ten- pound note, to Oxford. Ten pounds is a slender provision for a term's expenses, tut it would enable him at least to look about him for the moment, and see what chances arose of taking pupils. And, indeed, that very night fortune favoured him, as it sometimes favours these forloru hopes of work aday heroes. To his great surprise, Thistletou came round after all to his rooms, to ask if Paul would take him on for the term as a private pupil. ' It's to read this time,' he explained, with his usual fraukuess, 'not to satisfy the governor. I must really get through my Mods at last, and if I don't look sharp I shall be ploughed again, and that'd set. i the governor's hack up, so that he'd cut my allow - ; ance, for he won't stand my failing again, the j governor won't, that's certain.' With great joy, J therefore, Paul consented to take him on for the j term, and so double that modest tenner. Thistleton stopped talking long and late in hi friend's rooms, and about 12 o'clock one of those confidential fits came over Paul which are apt to come over young men, and others, when they sit up late into the small boors of the night over the smouldering embers of a dying fire. He had im pressed upon Thistleton more than once already the absolute need for his making a little money, and his consequent desire to obtain pupils; and Thistleton in return had laughingly chaffed him about those mysterious claims to which Paul was always so vaguely alluding. Then Paul had waxed more con fidential and friendly still, and had imparted to Thistleton's sympathetic ear the fact that, if Le didn't succeed iu earning his own living for the next two terms, he would be obliged to leave Oxford without taking his degree at all, and so cut off all hope of making a livelihood in future and satisfying the mysterious claims in question. How so ? '1 his tleton asked : and Paul answered him in guarded phrase that It's means of subsistence had since his return from Mentone been suddenly and quite un expectedly cut from under him. ' What ! The respected hart.'s not dead, is he ?' the blonde young man askei, opening his b:g blue eyqg as wide as he could open them. Paul replied with a somewhat forced smile that the respected hart, still continued to walk this solid earth, aud that his disappearance, indeed, from the mortal scene would have produced very little effect one way or the other upon his son's fortunes. Then Thistleton grew more curious and inquisitive CO us ss :5 s* p P 2 *2 ►s ® a S, « S-o | ? Ks-e^ a 1 oc ? 5-P c u 5'--' p p b -: « ST0' 2 p ~ d' S- m g -d C-ft.3 1 ® P B ?Co? o O P TO S S 5\. 0! d p & ® o* \- _ T3 ffi P -S '? *? 03 p — ?£ JJ.S g' g 5 ®'j |'l a™ 1 (B ^ g M Is?* c- Cj 2 ^ p 8 2 £. a «? „ CD £3 ® 2 § I wK -B a* f= S -j is (D - -; ~® -5«! Wa 5 - iP w - 3 J' o 8 £ - c 5- a- a a- 2 sf irv. '?'o ® B Hi S3 2 Si ® P.CD O* ffi £?&© 5 &? d ® --d B1 *** '' H, d' \- B-Plra CO lT„ n m 3 03 2 03 o t» ^ id si 'i 2 ffi *» p' '' S' 2 rt 3-F§ ? 5 MS o £.§??-5; ^ s«s cT ra ffN 8 s'® rr. ® iz g 8 ? £ c? a 2 ® » z* S ^ B S.X ffS to ffi Q V B 4 rf &|S ? g-® g.p O ao t—t cs' ao (D CO O ^ S-S § c+- p *o'CfQ O oo S n ft s ?d ^ § s-a-l Ba-g^ 3 pi-a ^ ® ® o,o o \- fS 1*1° ^2-2' 2. CD — g«^ F »-i ™ p S S P'0 2 g. B g E S' ?- jo Pop' h P OH O ® o c s 3 8 0 o „ w ''S-g d u 3- o g © o.e | & 1X18 -TO«- | IyI| *=s ci 1 &'-8 * still, and Paul more confidential ; till the end of all was that Paul gradually unfolded to his friend the . whole of Mr. Soloinons's scheme for his education and future life, with the financial details of yester day's indenture, and the supposed way in which he was himself to discharge thereafter those serious obligations. When Thistleton heard the entire story he would have laughed outright had it not* been for the obvious seriousness of Paul's ddemma. To borrow money 0:1 the strength of a prospective heiress unknown was really too ridiculous. But as soon as he began fully to grasp the whole absurd incident, its graver as well as its more comic aspects, his indignation got the better of his amusement at the episode. He de clared roundly, in very plain terms, that Mr. Solo mons, having taken Paul's life into hi3 own hands while Paul was yet too young to know good from evil, and having broughtPaul up like a gentleman at Oxford, was clearly bound to see the thing through to the bitter end— at least till Paul had taken his degree, and was, therefore, in a position to earn his own livelihood. ' If I were you, Gaseoyne,' the blonde young man asserted vigorously (with an unnecessary exple tive, here suppressed), 'I wouldn't have the very slightest compunction in the world in taking his money for the next two terms, and then telling him right out he might whistle for his cash till you were able and reody to pay him back again. It's his own fault entirely if he's made a bad investment on a grotesque security. At least that's how we'd look at the matter in Yorkshire.' ' I think,' Paul answered, with that gravity beyond his years that fate had forced upon him, ' if it were somebody else's case I was judging, instead of my own, I should judge as you do, either in York shire or else whei e. I should say a fellow wasn't hound by acts imposed upon him, as it were, by his father or others, before he arrived at years of discretion. But then, when I was asked to sign those papers yesterday, if I was going to protest at all, that was the moment when I ought to have protested. I ought to have plainly said ' I'll sign for the money, if you'll go on finding me ia ready pash till I take my degree ; hut miud, I don't engage to do anything in the world to catch an heiress.' Only I hadn't the courage to say so then and there. You see, it's been made a sort of religious duty for me, through all my life, to marry for money; and if I'd blurted out my refusal point blank like that, I'm afraid my father would have been grieved and annoyed at it.' . ' I expect my governor's grieved aud annoyed at a great many things I do,' Thistleton retorted with the unruffled philosophical calm of oneand twenty, where others are concerned. ' It don't pay to be too tender to the feelings of fathers, you see, it gives them too high and mighty an idea of their own importance. Fathers in any case are apt to magnify their office overmuch, and it would never do for sons as well to pamper them. But, after all, I don't know why you need have spoken at all, nor why you shouldn't go on accepting .this old buffer's assistance and support, with a quiet conscience, till you take your degree. When one looks it in the face, you don't know that you won't marry an heiress. Accidents will happen, you see, even in the best regulated families. It's just as easy, if it comes to that, to fall in love with a girl with five thousand a year as with a girl who hasn't a penny to bless herself with. If the five thousand pounder's pretty and nice, like that . Yankee at Mentone with the mamma in tow, I should say on the whole it's a great deal easier.' 'Not for me,' Paul answered, with the prompt fervour born of recent internal debate oh this very question. ' 1 1 can underttand that another fellow, who hadn't been brought up to look out for money, might fall in love with a girl with money quite as easily as with a girl without any. He has no pre judice one way or the other. But in my case it's different. The very fact that tie mcney's been so much insisted upon for me, and that pirt of Tt would go to pay Mr. Solomons '—Paul, never even thought of calling his creditor anything less respectful than ' Mr. SolomonB' even to his nearest acquaintance — ' would suffice to prevent me from falling in love with money. You see, falling in love's such a deli cately balanced operation ! If I married money at all, it'd he simply and solely because I married for money, not because I fell in love with it; and I could never take any woman's money, to pay the debt incurred beforehand for my own education. I should feel as if I'd sold myself to her, and was her absolute property.'' Thistleton stirred the fire meditatively with his friend's poker. ' It is awkward,' he admitted un willingly, ' devilishly awkward, I allow'. I say, Gaseoyne, how much about does it cost you to live for a term here ?' ' Oh, an awful lot of money,' Paul answered, much downcast, staring hard at the embers. Not much short of fifty pounds on an average.' Thistleton looked across at him with a broad smile of surprise. ' Fifty pounds !' he echoed. 'You don't mean to say, my dear fellow, you manage to briug it down to fifty pouuds, do you ?' ' Well, for summer term especially I do, when there are no fire3 to . keep up,' Paul answered soberly. ' But spring term comes rather heavy sometimes, I must say, because of the cold and extra clothing.' Thistleton looked long at the fire, staring harder thau ever with blank astonishment. ' Gaseoyne,' he said at last in a very low tone, ' I'm clean a-hamed of myself.' * ' Why, my* dearldy ?' ' Because I spend at least five times as much as ' that on an average.' ' 'Ah, but then you've got five times as much to spend, you know. That makes all the difference.' Thistleton paused and ruminated once more. How very unevenly things are arranged in this world 1 He was evidently thinking how he could word a difficult proposition for their partial readjustment. Then he spoke again. 'I could easily cut my own expenses down fifty quid' this term,' he said, 'if you'd only let me lend it to yon. I'm sure I wouldn't feel the 1033 in anyway. The governor's behaved like a brick this winter.' - Paul shook hs head. 'Impossible,' he answered with a despondent air. ' It's awfully good of you, Thistleton— awfully kind of you to think of it ; but, as things stand, of course I couldn't dream of accept ing it.' ' It wouldu't make the slightest difference in the world to me,' Thistleton went on persuasively. 'I assure you, Gaseoyne, my governor 'd never feel or miB8 fifty pounds one way or the other.' 'Thank you ever so ranch,'' Paul answered, with ' genuine gratitude. 'I know you mean every word you say, but I could utver by any possibility take it, Thistleton.' ' Why not, my dear boy ?' the blonde young man said, laying his hand 011 his friend's, shoulder. 'Because, in the first place, it's your father's money, 'not youfa, you propose to lead: and I coifidnt accept it; hut also, in the second place, which is,far mpre important, I haven't the very slightest chauce of ever being able to repay, you.' 'Repaying me!' Thistleton echoed with a crest fallen air. 'Oh, dash it all, Gaseoyne, I never thonght of your really repaying me, of course, you know. I meant it as an offer of pure accommoda tion.' ? Panl laughed in spite of himself. 'That sort of ' loan,' he _said, tak'ug his friend's hand in his and . Wringing it warmly, ' is usually called by another name.' _ Seriously, Thistleton, I couldn't think of taking it from you.. You see, I've no right to pay anybody else till I've repaid the last farthing I owe to Mr. Solomons ; and to borrow money on the chance of repaying it at such a remote date -say somewhere about the Greek Kalends— would be downright rob bery.' A bright idea se'zed suddenly upon Thistleton. 'By Jove!' he cried, 'I'll tell you how we'll manage it. It's as easy as pap. You can't lose either way. You know that prize essay you were mugging away at all the time we were at Mentone — ' The Influence of the Renaissance on Modern ? Thought,' wasn't it?— ah, yes, I thought so. Well, how much would you get now if you happened to win it?' 'Fifty pounds,' Paul answered. 'But, then, that's so very improbable.' ' Awfully improbable,' his friend echoed warmly, with profound conviction. ' That's just what I say; You haven't a chance. You ought to back yourself to lose, don't you see ; that's the way to worjt it. I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll bet you ten .to one in fivers you win. And you put a fiver on the chance you don't. Then— * don't you catch on?' 'as the Yankee girl used to say— you stand to come out pretty even cither way. Suppose you' get the prize, you earn fifty pounds, out of which you owe me a fiver— that leaves forty-five to the good, doesn't it ? But suppose you lose, I owe you fifty. So, you see, you clear pretty nearly the same lot whichever tarns up. I call that good hedging.' And the hlonde young man leant hack in his chair with a chuckle at his own ingenuity. ? . ^ Paul smiled again. The blonde youiig man seemed . so hugely delighted at the cleverness of his own de vice that he' was really loth to be compelled te 'disil lusion him. ' Your adroitness, in trying to find a way to make me a present of fifty pounds tinder a transparent disguise, really touckes.^me,-' he said with a faint tremor in his voice; ' but don't think about it any more, you dear, good fellow. It's quite impossible. I must try to. make it up myself with pupils and economy, aud back my chances for the prize essay. If at the end of the term I'm still to the bad, I'll put the matter fairly before Mr. Solomons. Whether I stop up one' term longer and take my degree or not must then depend Upon what he thinks best for his own interest. Aftef all, my whole future's mortgaged to him nlreacte, ana it's more his affair than mine in the end-Whn| be comes of me.' ' Why, I call it downright slavery ! ' Thistleton exclaimed warmly. 'I think it ought lobe pro hibited by Act of Parliament. It's a great deal worse than the chimney boys and the indentured, labourers. I only wish I'd got that beastly old Jew with his head in chancery here under my arths this very minute'. By George, sir, wouldn't I just punch it as flat as a pancake iu rather less than no time?' . ' I think,' Paul answered with a smile, ' punch ing his head flat would do me very little permanent good. Indeed, in his own way he really means well. He's bound us dowD by all the terrors of the law to his percentages aud his policies ; hut I believe he considers himself my benefactor for all that.' ' Benefactor be blowed ! ' Thistleton responded, rising with North Country vehemence. 'If only I could see the old blackguard in college to-night, it'd give me the sincerest pleasure in life to kick him a dozen times round Tom Quad till he roared for mercy.' Chapteb XVI.— FORTUNE FAVOURS THE BRAVE. : In spite of Paul's fears, however, that dreaded spying term went off most happily. To be sure he had. to.w6rk for his bread like a London cabhorse (as Sir Emery loved professionally to phrase it), but Paul had never been afraid of hard work, and as long as he could make both ends meet somehow, and avoid running into further debt with Mr. Solomons, he was amply satisfied. And' that spring term he got as many pupils ashecouldpossiblyfind time for. The reason for this 'sudden run upon his tutorial . powers was, of course, the usual one which accounts for all successes and failures in life— a woman's wire pulling. It is a mistake to. think this world is mainly run hymen, Genius, talent, industry, capacity, nay, even the invaluable quality of unscrupulouaness it self, are as dust in the balance as a means to success compared with the silent, unobtrusive, backstairs influence of the feminine intelligence. A woman's wit is worth the whole lot of them. And this valuable ally in the struggle for life Paul managed to secure almost without knowing it. For two days after his yeturn to The House (as Christ Church men insist upon calling their college) ~ Paul received a little note from Faith's new friend, Mrs. Douglas, inviting him to drink afternoon tea at her house in the Parks — the fashionable tutorial suburb of modern married-Oxford. The Parks, . in fact, which are the natural outcome of the married Fellow system, have completely re volutionised the Oxford we all knew and loved in our own callow undergraduate period. In . those monastic ages the fellow who married lost his fellowship ; the presence of women in the university \- was nnkuown; and even the stray intrusion of a sister or cousin into those stern grey quads was severely frowned upon by ascetic authority. But, nowadays, under the pew petticoat regime, all that .is changed : the Seinof Tutor lives in a comfortable creeper-dlad villa in the Parks ; his wife gives lunches and afternoon teas; and his grown-up daughters play tennis with the men, and belong to the university just p.3 much as the average under graduate —or even in virtue of their fixity of tenure . a little more so. Mrs. Sen'or 'Tutor (with marriage able girls) is quite as anxious to catch the eligible undergraduate for her own dance in Commemoration week as any Belgravianmammain all London ; and the Rev. the Bursar himself smiles beiiiguly while scholars and exhibitioners waste the shining hours in flirtation and punts on the banks of Cherwell. Things were not so ordered Consule bianco, when Heighten s was Vice-Chancellor. . But as everybody seems satisfied with the existing system— especially theSeniprTu'or's daughters— there can he little doubt that all is for tbe best in the best of all possible uni versities, and that flirting, so far from distracting the headB of students, : as the older school devoutly believed, is in reality a powerful spur on the mind of the youth to the acquisition: of classical and mathe matical knowledge. To this new microcosm of the Parks and their in habitants, Mrs. Douglas playedtee part of centre of . grarity. Bound her as primary tee leaser orbs of that little system revolved in their various subordinate places. Not teat Mrs. Douglas herself whs either rich or pretentious. The Accadiau professor's stipend consisted of the modest intereston a sum in: Seduced ' 'Two-and-teree-quaTtefTperCentrConsoTs^ Which' fie' supplemented only by private means of the smallest, and by a very moderate income from his wife's famdy. But Mrs. Douglas had the invaluable quality of being able to ' hold her salon y' and, being besides an earl's niece, -she had rapidly grown into the prin cipal wire-puller and recognised leader of Oxford tutorial society. ?_ With that greater world where the ? heads of houses move serene in placid orbits, indeed, ?he interfered but little ; but the Parks acknowledged her sway without a murmur, as tee representative cf authority in its most benign avatar. For Mrs. Douglas had tact, sense, aud kindliness ; she was truly sympathetic to a very high degree, and she would put herself out to serve a friend in a way that was sure to attract the friend's warmest gratitude. Moreover, she was a woman, and, therefore, skilled in the f eminiue art of mounting the back stairs with address and good humour. This combination of qualities made her justly loved and admired in Oxford by all save those unfortunate people whom her kindly machinations often succeeded in keeping out of posts for which they possessed every qualification on earth except the one needfnl one of Mrs. Douglas's friend ship. But drawbacks like this are, of course; inci dental to every possible system of ' influence ' in government. Now, things had made this powerful and good natured lady particularly anxious to know and serve Paul Gaseoyne. In the first place, she had been deeply interested in his sister Faith, whose curious character had engaged her sympathy at once, and ? with whom their one night at the country hotel together had made her suddenly quite intimate. In the second place, on her return to Oxford, she had found a letter awaiting her from Nea Blair, her little Cjrnish friend, which contained some casual mention of a certain charming Christ Church than, a Mr. Gaseoyne, who had created quite a puzzle for Mentone society by his singular mixture of pride aud humility. Well, if Mrs. Douglas had a fault, it was that of taking too profonnd an interest in the fancies and fortunes of young people generally. . Her husbaud, indeed, .was wont to aver teat, after Bryant and May, she was the greatest matchmaker in all England. \- Something in Nea Blair's letter — some mere under tone of feeling, that only a clever woman would ever have guessed at— suggested to Mrs. Douglas's quick instincts the idea that Nea Blair was more than com monly interested in Paul Gascoyne's personality and prospects. That alone would have been enough to make Mrs. Douglas anxious to know and meet Paul ; the accident of her chance acquaintance with Faith in the commodious horse-box made her doubly anxious to he of use and service to him. So when Paul duly presented himself at tee eligi ble creeper- clad villa in the Parks, to drink tea with the wife of the Accadian professor, Mrs. Douglas drew out of him by dexterous side-pressure tee salient fact that he was anxious to fiud private pupils, or otherwise to increase his scanty income. And having once arrived at a knowledge of that fact, Mrs. Douglas made it her business in life for the next ten days to scour all Oxford in search of men who wanted to read for Mods with a private tutor, foing out into the very highways and byways of the Tniversity, so to speak, and compelling teem to come in with true Biblical fortitude. But when once Mrs. Douglas took a thing in hand, it was weli le known to the Ghancellor, masters, and . scholars of the University of Oxford that, sooner or later, she meant to get it done, and that the Ghancellor, masters, and scholars aforesaid might-, therefore, just as well give in at once, without unnecessary trouble, bother, or expense, and let her have her way as soon as she asked for it. ' Going in for Mods in June ?' Mrs. Douglas would remark, with a sigh, of pity, to the unhappy undergraduate of limited brains, fixing her mild brown eyes upon him with an air of the profouudest sympathy and friendly . assistance. ' Then you'll waut to read up your hooks this term with a private coach or somebody, of - | course:' aud when the unhappy undergraduate of limited brains, falling readily into the trap thus baited for his destruction, admitted abstractedly, in a general way, that a little tutorial assistance of . a friendly sort would, perhaps, be not wholly unBoited to his intellectual needs, Mrs. Douglas, fixing her mild brown eye still more firmly than ever upon his trembling face, would nail him to his admission at once by responding cheerfully, ' Then I know the very man that'll suit your book just down to tee ground. Mr. Gaseoyne of Christ Church has a great many pupils reading with him this term, but I dare say I could induce him to, make room for you some how. My husband thinks highly of Mr. Gaseoyne. He's a capital coach. If you want to get through, with flying colours, he's just the rght man to pull you out of the moderator's clutches. That's his card in my basket there ; don't forget the name : ' Gas eoyne of Christ Church, first pair right, number six, Peckwater.' Yes, one of the great Gaseoyne people flown in Pembrokeshire— teat's the very familv. I'm glad you know them. His father's tee present baronet, I believe, and his sister's coming up to seeme next Commemoration. If you like, you can take his card to remember the name' by— and when Mr. Gas eoyne comes again on Sunday, I'll make' a point of asking him whether you've been to call npon him about reading for Mods, or not, and I'll tell him (as you're a most particular friend of mine) to be sure to pay you every possible attention.' When a clever and good-looking woman of thirty five, who happens to be also a professor's wife, flings herself upon an unhappy undergraduate of limited brains in that dashing fashion, with a smile teat might soften the heart of a stone, what on earth can tee unhappy undergraduate do in self-defence but call at once upon Gaseoyne of Christ Church, and gratefully receive his valuable instructions ? Whence it resulted that, at the end of a fortnight, Gaseoyne of Christ Church had as many pupils as he 'could easily manage (at tenpounds ahead) and sawhu way clearly to that term'p expenses, about which he had. so despaired a few days before with Faith at Hill borough. A woman of Mrs. Douglas's type Ib* the most useful ally a man can find in life. Make frieud3 with her, young man, wherever met ; and be sure sho will bo worth to you a great deal more than many hundred men at the head of your^profession. One further feat of Mrs. Douglasts tee candid historian blushes to repeat, vet, in the interest of truth, it must needs he recorded. For when, a fortnight later, Mrs. Douglas gave her first dinner-party of the term, she took occasion, in the drawing-room, about ID of the clock, to draw aside the Senior Proctor, confidentially, for a moment, and murmur in his ear, ' I think, Mr. Wayles, you're one of the examibere for the Marl borough Historical Essay, aren't ybuT' The Senior Proctor, a grim, dose-shaven man, with firm -set lips and a very clerical mouth and collar, signified his assent by a slight bow of acqui escence, and a murmured reply of, 'I believe my office entails upon me that among other honours.' Mrs. Douglas assumed her most bewitching smile. ' Now, dear Mr. Wayles,' she said, bending over towards him coquettishly, 'yon mustn't really be angry with me. I'm only a woman, yon know, and we women have always pur little plots and . con spiracies on hand, haven't 'we? I'm veiymuch in terested m a particular essay which bears for motto tee words, ' Non jam prima peto Mnestheus neque vincere certo, Quanquam OP There, you see, though I was dragged up before Girton and Newnham were invented, yon didn't know before I could spout out a Latin hexameter as pat as that, did you? -Well, I want you most particularly to read over that identical essay with special attention, very special attention, and, if you find it in every respect immensely better than all the rest put to gether, to recommend U £0 tee land attention of your ' colleagues.'' ~~ - — - - — - - The Senior Proctor— that grim, close-shaven man — allowed just the faintest ghost of a smile of amused pity to pucker the corners of his very clerical mouth as he answered with official succinctness, 'Every essay alike, my dear Mrs. Douglas, will receive at mv hands, and I believe I may venture to say at those of my brother examiners also, the moBt impar . ticl consideration ; and nothing that can be said to us by auy outside person— even yours slf — can have the very slightest influence upon us in makiDgour award to the most deserving competitor.' ' Oh, of coBrse,' Mrs. Douglas answered, with that most bewitching siniie once mere well to the front. ' I know and understand all that perfectly. I haven't lived so long in the University as dear Archie's wife without having learnt how absolutely useless it- is to fry to pull any wires or go up any backstairs in University business. I only meant to say, if you find that essay quite .undeniably the very best, I hope you won't let the fact of my recommen dation tell strongly against it.' The Senior Proctor had an uncomfortable sense that when Mrs. Douglas laid eo profound a stress 9 upon the words ' absolutely useless ' that irreverent 1 little woman was actnally trying to chaff him or to i laugh in her sleeve : and as the Senior Proctor repre sents before the world the dignity and majesty of the University in its corporate capacity, so wicked an attempt on her part to poke fun at his office would, no doubt, have merited condign punishment. But he only. bo wed once more a sphinxlike bow, and answered severely, ' All the essays alike shall have my best attention.' Now, we all of us know, of course — we who are men and women of the world — that the Senior Proctor spoke the exact truth, and thatm matters so important as University prizes no shadow of parti ality can ever be suspected among English gentlemen (If it were, we might all be tempted to think that English gentlemen were not, after all, so very superior in kind as we know them to be to the members of every other Eu ropean nationality.) Nevertheless, it must be noted as a singular and unaccountable historical fact that when the Senior Probtor — that lone bachelor man — went home that night along the cold, grey streets to his solitary rooms in Fellows Quad, MertoD, and saw a big handle of Marlborough prize essays lying 011 his table unopened for his deep consideration, bis . mouth relaxed for a moment into a distinctly human smile as he thought of the delicate pressure of her hand with which Mrs. Douglas— charming woman to be sure, Mrs. Douglas ! — had bid him good night, with a last whispered adieu of 'Now, don't forget, Mr. Wayles ; ' Non jam prima peto MneBtheus neque vincere certo ! ' ' How delicious Virgil sounded, to be sure, on those ripe, red lips ! Had she learnt that verse by heart, he wondered, on purpose to bamboozle him ? So thinking, and gloating over that dainty pressure, the Senior Proctor flung himself iuto his easy chair before his goodly fire, kicked off his boots, and endued himself in his Warm, woollen- lined slippers, fortified his intellect with a brandyaud soda from the syphon at his side, 1 gated one of Bacon's best cigirs, and proceeded, with his feet on the fender, comfortably to address his soul in in dulgent mood to the task of literary and historical criticism. ' ) But, strauge to say, he did not take up the very first essay that came to hand, as a conscientious Senior Proctor might fairly be expected to do. On ' the contrary, he turned them all over one by one with deliberative finger till he came to a roll of neat white foolscap, legibly inscribed in a bold black hand— I \ blush to narrate it— with that very Virgilian motto j which treacherous Mrs. Douglas had been at such j pains to get by rote, without one false quantity, and : to fire off, unappalled, against his grim clerical i mouth and collar. He read the essay through first j with cloEe attention ; then he wrote down on a small j sheet of paper at his side the mystic letters 'v. g.,' 1 supposed to stand for 'very good' in our own ver- , nacuiar. By the time he had read it through the hour was advanced, and a second brandy and soda and a second cigar were needed to stimulate the cri tical faculty. As time went on, it must be frankly admitted, those essays got shorter aud shorter shrift, while the soda got deeper aud deeper doses of brandy, until by the time the clock marked 3 the Senior Proctor rose up with dignity, drained the remainder of his last tall tumbler, and, sticking all the papers in his desk for read, strolled off to his bedroom, uumis tikably sleepy. Now, it must not be concluded from this veracious account that Paul Gascoyne's essay was not in all probability, on its own merits, the . very best of the .entire lot submitted for judgment; nor that Mrs. I \-- Douglas had exerted on its behalf anything which could be described by the most severe moralist as un . due influence. In fact,' have we not already recorded .the Senior Proctor's emphatic and deliberate asser tion to the contrary ? ? And was not that assertion again renewed? For when a fortnight later Mrs. Douglas ventured to thank the dignitary in question (as she irreverently phrased it) 'for hacking her man for the Marlborough Prize,' the Senior Proc tor, Opening his eyes' wide in his very grimmest \- fashion, replied with an innocent air of surprise : 'Ob, so the successful candidate was the person ,? you spoke about, Mrs. Douglas, was he ? Well, I'm sure we had none of us the very faintest idea of it.' But, nevertheless, it is a historical fact not to he blinked that, when the Senior Proctor passed on the papers to his brother examiners for consideration. Paul Gascoyne's essay went on top, marked in plaiii words, *?' Optime meritus eBt. — P. H. W. ;' and it is equally certain that the other examiners, glancing hastily over them with an uncritical eye, one and all ? endorsed Mr. Wayles's -opinion. From which facts it may he gathered that, though Paul Gascoyne's Marlborough Essay was really and truly one of the most brilliant ever submitted to the Board of Exami ners, and though favouritism of any kind is unknown at'Oxford, it is none the less a very useful thing to have a Mrs. Douglas of your own 'on hand to say a good word for you whenever convenient. . But Paul had no idea of all these hidden springs of action in the Senior Proctor and his esteemed col leagues when a week or so before tee end of term he read, all trembling, a notice posted on the door of the schools : — 'The Board of Examiners for the Marlborough Historical Essay, Chichele Foundation, have awarded the prize of fifty guineas to Paul Gaseoyne, Com moner of Christ Church. ' ' j Has heart beat high as he read those words, and his knees reeled under him. So next term, at least, was safe from Mr. Solomons ! To be continued.) 