THE MERCHANTMEN. The following are MHOS atauaas of Mr. Budyard Kipling** Jast published poem, which appears in the PaUHaUGazctte: King Solomon drew merchantmen Because of his desire For peacock*, apes, and ivory From Tarshi-h unto Tyre. And Drake, lie sack«d L» Guajra, So stout of heart was he; But we e only sailor men That use upon the«ea. Coastwise-cross-seas-round the world and back Where the flaw shall head us or the full Trade enits! , Plalouail-stormaail-lay your board and tack again And that* the way we pay Paddy Doyle for his boots! By sport of bitter weather We're w«lfcy, strained, and scarred From the kentledge -Ly the kelson To the slings ui.on the yard. Six oceans had their will of us To carry ail a*ay Our galley*" >?> the Baltic, . And our boom's in Mossel Bay! We're floundered off the Texel, Awash with sodden di-als. We've slipped from Valparaiso With the Norther at our heels: . We're ratched b-yond the <?rosseta TOattU'k iheSruthern Pole, And dipped our gunnels under To the dread Agulha's roll. Beyond all outer charting* We sailed where none have sailed, And shot 'he iandlinhbt burning On islands none have hailed. Our bair stood np for wonder. But when the night «a.i done, There rolled the neep to windward Blue-empty 'neath the sun: Strange consorts sailed besido us (And brouitht us evil luc The witoh fire climbed our cliunnels, And danced on vane and truck; Till througn the red tornado, That, lashed us nigh to blind, We saw the Dutchman p'uugjng, Full canvas, head to wind. We beard theMirinight Leadsman That calls ttie bUi-k deep down. Ay, thrice we heard the .Swimmer The corose ttiat may not drown. On f rozen bunt and ga-ket The sleet-cloud arove her hosts, When, manned by more than signed with us, _ We passed tbe Lale o' Ghosts I qb And North among the hummocks, A biscuit-toss below, We met tbe silent shallop That (righted whalers knowj Foi down a bitter i-e-lane,. That opened as be sped. We saw dead Henry Hudson Steer north by west his dead. So dealt God'a waters with na Beneath the ro&ringskies.; So walked Bis signs and marvels All naked to our eyes; But we were heading homeward With trade to lose or make. Good Lord, they slipped behind lis In the tailing of our wakel Let go-let go the anchors: Now shamed at heart are we To bring &o; poor a cargo home That had for gift the seal Let ko-let go the anchors; O fools were we and blind The worst we saved with bitter toil. The best we ielt bchlndl Coastwise-cross-seas-round the world and back again, Where the flaw shall fall us or tbe Trades drive down; PlainBal!-stornmail-lay your board' and taok again And ail to bring & cargoTip to london towjil 