DRESS AND FASHION. EMPIRE GOWN. The Empire gown illustrated is one designed for smart occasions. In the model from which the sketch reproduced was taken the skirt and sleeve puffs were of light gray-green woollen stuff. The short-waisted bodice and the lower portions of the sleeves were of light-green silk to match, cross-barred with dark-green ribbon velvet. The corselet was of white lace, whioh was repeated in the flounces trimming elbow sleeves and skirt. The skirt was of the woollen staff, and was slightly trained. Bows of ribbon velvet similar to that on the bodice caught up the skirt flounoe at intervals. The waist ribbon was in the same tint as the skirt, bat I fancy it would look better in dark-green ribbon velvet of the same shade as bat wider than that employed for the remainder of the ornamentation. I am indebted to Harper's Bazar for this tasteful and easily copied model. We have wavered and waited (says the Pall Mall) and advanced and retreated, and fondled and fled from the Empire stjle of dress these Biz months past, and longer. And girls with Blender waists and matrons of ample propor- tions have done their beat to thrust it back and oat of sight—this fashion of dresses which have no waists where waist-linps ought to be; which hide a graceful figure and amplify an ample one " past endurance." But no mortal ever yet escaped his fate, and the Empire fashions are "in," without a doubt. We have capitulated once more, and now the wisest thing to do is to make the best of it. Fortunately, the edicts of fashion have ceased to be like the (somewhat haokneyed) laws of theMedes and the Persians, and every woman can put into her dress some thing of her own individuality and taste, if she has any; otherwise she had better trust to for tune and to her dressmaker for the success of her apparel. Indeed, it is now generally recognised that the woman who cares for her personal ap pearance, and who has leisure enough to devote some of her time to it, is in duty bound to pat something of herself into her dress, as the phrase goes. With the Empire style she has excellent opportunities of doing this ; for. being of anything but a " severe" style, it is easy to remodel the garments of that period. Then, also, the ideas of the present generation about the fashions of the end of the last and begin ning of the present oentury are somewhat vague, and few people there are, and these few far between, who, at a moment's notice, could draw the exact line between the Watteau, Rococo, Louis Seize, and Empire styles of dress. Henoe, let us take of the Empire and of the other charming costumes of oar great grandmothers what is best and most pleasing, and leave the rest. The dayß of the blouse, meanwhile, seem really to be numbered. 'Tis true, 'tis pity; for they were easy, airy, elegant, and everything else that is agreeable. Sinoe the law of oon trasts holdß never more good than in what is very curiously called " the world of fashion" a tight-fitting bodice is to suooeed the loose and nonohalante-lodking blouse. The materials of the sleeves belonging to this garment are to be of the colour of the skirt, and the bodice itself mast be of a different colour, harmonising or contrasting. For instance, a tartan skirt and sleeves—big sleeves, of course—in which bottle green is the predominating colour, would look well with a bodioe of bottle- green velvet or very dark-red cloth. One of the chief charms of the fashions of the day lies in the colouring of the materials and a judioious blending of them. It is astonishing what beautiful effects can be obtained by com bining shades which have " a natural affinity." Thus, mauve and pink; yellow, brown, and pink; various shades of green ; moss-green, dark-brown, and copper-colour; sapphire blue and mouse colour—can be combined with great success, especially in thin materials bsed for evening dresses. As for those articles of the toilette which are purely ornamental, their number is greater and they are more elaborate than ever. The fan of OBtrioh or marabout feathers, with frame of tortoiseshell or mother-of-pearl; the Watteaa fan, on which an artist has conjured what looks like the ghost of a dainty " shepherd" picture; and that costliest and most beautiful of toys, the fan covered with fine old laoe—are very much to the fore. Diamond arrows, buckles, crescents, and clasps are used for holding the most fashionable hair ornament, a natural flower, in position. WOBK FOR WOMEN REFORMEBB.—U. Another matter wherein, as it seems to me., reform is needed, and in which reform would be well within onr province and oar power is: The status of women household servants; their relations with their employers; and the measure of protection afforded them by law. The status of the woman domestic depends, like the status of a good many other human beings in this very widely time-serving world, on : The clearness with which she apprehends her rights; the tenaoity with which she clings to them; a little, also, on the capacity she shows in her own particular sphere ; and some what more on the inability and unwillingness of those to whom she ministers, or whose duties she as proxy fulfils, to struggle along without her. Just as, in Apostolic day, it was enjoined on every believer to voice the Evangelic message, so it is the plain and bounden duty of evety house-worker or house-mistress to care for them of her household —the husband whose second but dearer self she is (where things are as they ought to be), the ohildren whom God has given her, and the stranger within her gates relative, friend, or servant they may be, guests all three. There is no happier task though toilful; no higher offloe under heaven. The nation is but a group of families, and if all were well seen to national well-being would be assured. Giroumstanoes exist, however, in oar complex modern life which render it impossible (as we say) or inexpedient for the Sara of day to do certain things herself which in patri archal times she would not have dreamt of intrusting to others. She no longer bakes cakes on the hearth—any more than her good man slaughters the kid of hospitality with his own hand, or angels drop in unbeknown. She is no longer content to remain immured in the "women's tent" on Mamre Plains, but sallies forth to leave cards on the daughters of Heth, or to discuss with them, oVer the afternoon cup, the latest fashions received from the Cities of the Plain. Sara, no doubt, is well within her rights in all this, but what one is disposed to object to is her ohoice and treatment of her proxy. For the servant is really proxy for the mistress when one goes to the root of things. In olden days, when it was a common enough usage for royalties and other personages of importance to marry by proxy, the repre sentative was always chosen with very great care. When, for instance, the Emperor Maximilian married by proxy Mary of Bur gundy, heiress of Charles the Bold, it was the head of a ducal house, a man of ancient lineage, brave, and in every way distinguished, whom he sent in his place. Should not we, in the same way, when we depute to others the duties given us to fulfil, choose as our substitutes those who will do as well as or better than ourselves ?—those whose ministrations will be equal, if not superior, to our own ? And yet how often we are satisfied to leave our young and tender ohildren to the oare and companionship of ignorant, slatternly, and altogether incompetent nurses or nursery maids, while we busy ourselves in numberless ways—not one of them a duty like the one we have turned our backs on—medioore musio, futile art, pretenoe of literature, endless use lessneas, and frivolity. How often, too, we hand over the kitchen—the laboratory wherein are provided the wherewithal for the bone and muscle and brain of our family—to an un taught, slattish, and idealeßS cook misnamed. How easy minded are we in the matter of scrubbing, dusting, bed and blanket airing, and the washing of clothes. Any one, it would seem, if onlyehe will work pheap enough and per form the Koo-too—be respectful, that is to say, call us " Ma'am"—is good enough for the busi ness. Now the fact of the matter is that it takes a very good woman indeed —a capable woman— clever, energetio, and conscientious —to fill any one of the three supposedly humble offices of nnrse, cook, housemaid, or laundress—still more of general servant, which is a combina tion of the four—even fairly well. "Education," as ordinarily understood, she may be, and gene rally is, without. But capability—which can by no process be imparted—she must possess. In face of this—l believe indisputable— can we continue to look, as we mostly do now, upon domestic service as an inferior, not to say despioable, oalling ? One of two things we must surely do— Make "service" worthy to be chosen as their business by self-respecting, estimable, and able women; or—Raise the status Empire Oown. (.See "Dress and Fashion."] Back of Gown. Edge of Skirt. of the present order of servant by viffocoos, enlightened, and kindly efforts to raise the servant herself in the ranks of human kind. The latter will, I believe, be the more effectual though, at first sight, seemingly, by no means the easier undertaking. It always arouses my contempt, and with it some little indignation, when I read in an advertisement of a. house to let; so many rooms, kitchen, "and servant's befroom." The bad taste, the snobbery, the ignorance, and want of feeling betrayed in the three concluding words reflect very badly indeed on those who are not ashamed to banish and isolate a woman servant of their household in this way, after her day's work, as if she were no better than some dog, despatched to his kennel when his master has no more for him to do. Where there are two or more women servants they will no doubt be happier left to entertain one another, although they may still be befriended in many unobtrusive ways. But where there is one servant only she needs and is entitled to from her employers something in the way of companionship, or instead of it. The children might be encouraged to interest them selves in her, and allowed to spend a little time with her every day, taking their story-books and toys to show her, and sharing with her any little treat. Impromptu picnics, for instance, or other little al fretco festivities such as children enjoy within sight of their own door, with tea-making, egg- boiling, potato-roasting, and other Crusoe cookery, commend themselves to most young servants just asthey do to other young people. Lessons in new and pretty fancy-work of a not too difficult Bort are often received with gratitude and help to pass any spare hour pleasantly. Those who are desirous, as most of as will be, I am sore, if only we think the matter over, of raising the status of women servants and of improving their relations with their employers cannot but wish to see adequate protection vouchsafed by the law to these oftentimes aninstracted, inexperienced, and unfriended women. One grievance made known to me—though the custom oompiained of is I think one whioh obtains in England rather than in these colonies—is the payment of four weeks' wages at the end of each calendar month at the rate of twenty-eight days' pay for from thirty to thirty-one days' work. This, wherever it may be the usage, is a gross though paltrily con trived injustice, and should be made illegal. A century or more ago—as the salmon-sur feit anecdote repeated every year or two in the Press forbids oar forgetting—municipal regulations took cognisance of the dieting of apprentices no less than of their board, lodging, and •' discipline." Similar care is much needed to this day on behalf of women servants. I'be servant's bed room is quite as legitimate an object of etvis concern as the bedroom of any boarder in a lodging-house. It ooght to be made penal to have ft other than sufficiently commodious, properly ventilated, so situated as to allow of proper supervision on the part of the mistress, provided with ordinary comforts and con veniences, and with proper arrangements for privacy and security. Saoh a state of things is, I have learned, not invariably a matter of ooarse. The hiring of servants—to conclude—ought to be on an entirely different pfatn from that whioh at present is the most usual one in this city. No one should be allowed to have a registry office—if registry offloes must be allowed to remain, as at present, matter for private enterprise—unless under certain very stringent conditions, and these rigidly enforced. The oolumns of the QuetntlantUr are not the place for ardent advocacy—whioh would necessitate detail by way of argument—but one needs give the matter no more than a minute's Ihought to be convinced that it should be so. 