Tw BoCGART 0' TH' MillJ by JUUA MACK, Jutftorof' Ghn Gordon,' uTh« Cuvoot Iht Jolly Sandl/Oy,' Ohapter XIV.— The Mill-Bars. 1 flud t lid peoplo strangely fnatast-il : l'oi.«Mi!-l with rumour*, full or Kilo dreams ; Hot knowing wliattbi'y tmr. but full ol Joar. — SUAKUSPEABE. _ The flnot is curst, Somo Bay that here a tuuracr has been done And blood cried out for blouil. — WoeDswoKii. ra ND where was Hefty P Somo oue knew, but, for reasons bis own, ho kept the secret. firQ The mystery which cast auch a * gloom over Mooredge was no mystery at all to the Boggart o' th' Mill. When Hetty stood upon the moorlaud road, looking down into the sunlit valley, und'reviewing her fruitless efforts to combat tho superstition of her neigh bours, aiiuidea flashed into her mind like an inspiration. When we ore young— sometimes also when we are old — we are apt to bo led by any impulse which suggests itself suddenly. We do not know why or how the thought came, but there it is, und we are prone to believe it, as Hetty did, nn inspiration. Sho had fuiled to convince her neighbours, and perhaps it was liuvdly likely that they would listen to her girlish arguments, but Biirely, if she were towa'ch through one night in the old mill, they would givo lrcr credit for kuowinp*fcomothinf» about it. She knew that, whon he made the offer, Mr. Holt had no idea of its being taken litorally. But she did not doubt he would fulfil tlia-promiae if she could do her part. He had heard of her endeaviSurs, and had more tlmn once asked her, with a dry smile, litrw her battle agin th' Boggarts ' was going oil. The old man's manner had softened towards her of late, and she suspected tha't he more than half regrotted his harshness. Hetty's plan was a bold one. Her father expected lier to stay two nights at Rocky Edge. She would stay but one. Saturday night she would pay the Boggart a visit and unravel the mystery. She remembered with satisfaction that Dick wus away from home; so there was no chance of his finding out her scheme in ' time to prevent its execution, if, indeed, he would care to interfere. On Saturday she set out for Moor edge ; timing hev walk so as to arrive at dusk, when she knew that the mill would be deserted. Snow was falling fast by the time sho reached the milestone, anil the sky was covered with lieavy-leaden clouds. It would soon be dark. Hetty shivered slightly, und 'lanced timidly around as she left tlio high road and began to thread her way through the heather. Tho plan did not seem quite ao easy now, but Bhe never onea thought of turning back. When she reached tho mill, the snow was falling thickly, but she appeared in no Imste to take refuse in the barn. Of course, she did not believe in Boggarts ; her very presence here was a proof that she had no such weakness ; but in spite of this inward protest, a cold shudder ran through her frame as she stood by the river side, and the tromor was not altogether caused oy weather. The place looked more than lonely. It looked forsaken — forsaken by God and man. The veriest stranger could have told you that ft must onco havo been the scene of some dismal tragedy, and Hotty shuddered again as the legend cf the mill forced itself upon her memory. It would not be forgotten. A long timo ago— how long nobody could tell— a young girl, in despair at the desertion of her lover, hung 'herself in the loft abovo the barn. The first to discove'r the body was the faithless swain, who, oyeroomo 'by remorse aud terror, fell or jumped through the open doorway, and brdke his neck. Tradition averred that tho spirits of these hapless lovers still haunted the sceno of their lamentablo end. Certain it was that white forms were at times seen flitting through tho loft, and moans and cries were heard whioh could only be accounted for in one way. Hetty did not believe those stories. She had said so a thousand times, and she said co now, with a petulant stamp of hor littlo foot, but she could not deny that the tale did not seeni so foolish to-night-. The mournful murmur of the river, the moan of tho rising atorm, and the rush of hurrying snowflakes added to the eerie desolation of the old mill. O'er all tlioro hang a shadow of a foar; A ranee of inystory tbo spirit daunted, And i. aid, as plain ud whisper iu the ear, ' Tlio place is haunted ! ' But Hetty waa not to b« daunted at the outset by the weird aspect of the building; bo, resolutely shaking off the nervousness which was creeping over her, Bhe entered the barn, and seated herself upon a truck near tho door, opposite which stood the ladder leading up to tha loft. Here sho was to some extent sheltered from the bitter wind; but the darknoss insidu the mill wns intense, and she began to doubt if her determination wuld really last out the night. It was a comfort to remember that she could go home at any moment if she wished, but she did not' wish. Sho was there for a purpose, and was not to bo Bearod from the task like a. Billy baby. To keep up her courage and break the .oppressive stillness of the place, she sang a hymn. At first her voice quavered and shook, but the song -of bigh liopo and trust she luvl chosen was not without its influence, aud soon her youi jf tones rang out clear and sweet, and her heart glowed with renewed courage. It was needed. Hardly had the last words died upon her lips, when a rustling ainongstthe straw attracted her attention. What could it beP Not Boggarts 1 alio thought, with a nervous Jaugh. Boggarts do not hide in straw or bury themselves amongst old sacks, whatever olse they miglit do. Rats, perhaps P This waB un comfortable ; for Hetty was not ashamed to confcss that she was afraid of rats. Tho snow had ceased ; the clouds parted and a bright ray of moonlight streamed in at the open door. Nover wns light more welcome. But oh ! what new terror did it reveal to tlio BtiU'tled girl P For ghosts she had prepared Tierself, and tor ruts ; but here waa a danger move terrible than cither. Only a icw yards away, crouching upon a heap of sacks, was a large black aud white slieep dog. Hetty knew him well — it was D-m I There lie lay; watching her with din trossed eyes, his parched tonguo hanging out of his inouth. Poor Dan ! For a moment Hetty was paralysed with fear. Sho mado no effort to move, oven when the doj lilted his hend and moaned ; but when lie bogan to drn« hitiiHolf along the floor, hor prcsoneo of mind returned. He was going to upi ihg. What should alio dop To escape by meanii of the door was impossible. Dan would bo upon her beforo she could get out. The ladder ! Ye^, thai; way was open. Quick us thought, she sprang upon the rungs, and in another mo.ment stood pBUjing und trembling at tlio top, I diie looked doun. Dmi, too, had rea chert tho ladder, and -eomed inclined to foll.nv I her example. He reared himself up with his fore paws clinging to the bars. He was a big dog. and it appeared to Hetty that one spring would land liini upon the floor by her side. Wild with fright, she Beized tho top of the ladder, nnd, with :» sudden jerk, flun^ it down. Dan gave a howl of disap pointment or anger, and lay down beside it. Wise people look beforo they leap. Now that it was too late Hetty rcmcm l)0ivd that, although slio had saved her self from tlio mud dog, she had, by her rash act, exposed herself to other dangers. She had escaped from Dan, but from the niill loft she could not escape. Her heart sank as the thought occurred to her that no one was likely to come to the mill until Tuesday. In this bitter cold weather, would it he possible to live for three nights aud two days without foxl or fire ? What would become of her father? He would think her lost or dead ; the grief and suspense would break his heart Sli had done this for I113 sake, and instead of good she had brought fresh trouble upon is head. Overcome by these thoughts, Hetty threw herself down and cried bitterly. But she was not the girl to give way long to useless lamentations. She soon dried her oyes, aud set about making the best of a comfortless situation. Grief had for a time banished all thought of the Boggart, but such forget fnlnesa could not last ; and-as tho fitful moonlight revealed the interior of the loft, and she recognised its Hpeeial charac teristics, she trembled. Hetty had never before visited tlio mill barn, but she had heard it described, and knew on ly too well whicb was the fatal beam. Well might a sense of horror and mystery hang over a place haunted by no terrible a memory. There wus tho doorway through which the guilty lover had fallen. If there ever had been a door, it had long since disappeared. Now it was Bimply an opening in the wall, used only for the hoisting in of grain from the tops of laden wuggons. The season for storing grain was past, but at the end of the lof t still remained a great heap of straw. This would serve aa a protection from tho bitter cold, an enemy as greatly to be feared as poor Dan, But sensible as Hotty was, and brave as sho tried to be, she could not lielp thinking more of the Boggart than the cold, more, indeed, than was quite consist ent with her lofty views on the subject. She cowered down into the straw, and drew it over her with much tile same feeling which induces a timid child to hide its head under the bedclothes in the dead of night. In vain alie recalled her own oft repeated arguments — how weak and empty they seemed now! In vain she thought of her good father's scornof such idle folly. The place and the hour were too stroug for her, and she was obliged to confess that, put to the proof, she was as much afraid of the Boggart aa any one of her neighbour*. Chapter XV.— The Boggart at Home. Loto giro me strength. And strength Bh≪ Uelp ntt'ortl. — SlUHE3?S4KE. Tho braro man is not he who fools no fear, - Por that note stupid and irrationii: nut ho who»a no Ws soul its foar sub&uoi;, And bravo / darofl the danger nature shrinks from. — Joanna Baillib. At present Hetty saw nothing alarming in tho loft. All was quiet, aud she was beginning to feel reassured, and .even n. little sleepy, when she was startled by a creeping movement near her head. She sprang up with a terrified cry. It could not bo Dan i what then P Rats I She could see nothing, but her visitor was moro clear-sighted, for a warm furry head was pushed confidingly into her haud, and, a reproaoliful' mew ' proolaimcd the peaceful character and harmless inten tions of the intruder. Mi-b. Holt's motherly old cat was warmly welcomed. With pussy in her arms, Hotty no longer felt lonely, and, with renewed courage, deolared herself ready to fuc« an army of Beggarts. Puss did not object to being petted and fondled, but she could not remain with her new friend permanently. A nost of promising young kittens secreted in tho straw, claimed a large sliara of her atten tion, and when she went in obodienco to their impatient cries, Hetty's courage went too. , There waB no moonlight now. Another Storm had set in, and a high wind drifted the snow through the open doorway. The air was full of flying flakes ; but above tho moaning and sighing of the gale Hetty was conscious of a movement in the loft. She was not alone ! Some pei'Bon or thing was there, shrouded in the dense ? darkness ; and when the tem fiest lulled she could distinctly hear a ow, moaning sound, apart from the wild voices of the storm outside. Hetty's heart beat fast ; she trembled violently, and strove to burv herself yet deeper in tho straw. But she dared not cover her face. It — that dreadful It — might come upon her unawares, out of Hie black night around, and she felt im polled to keep hor oyes turned towards the fatal beam. Thence flio mysterious noiftes came; there, un might bo expected — tbere was tho gruesome Boggart. How ardently she longed for light. Yet when at last the clouds broke, and the moonbeams once moro stole into tho 1 loft, tho sight which met her affrighted j eyes froze her blood with horror. There, abovo the oaken beam, were visible two great oyes, which glared down upon the terrified girl in an awful, threat ening manner, as though amazed and furious at her presumption in daring to 1 invade their territory. Hetty uttered a stifled Bciieam.and ti'iod to hide herself in the straw. Another moment, and the air was filled with a 1 s t ran go commotion. A white figure glided down from tlie 1 beam, and ti wild, mournful ory rang 1 through tlio mill. Sticli a wail lose ! spirits might utter ; it was like nothing, earthly. ? 1 A pieroing slirielc mingled with the 1 Boggart's cry. Then silence —Hetty had fainted I . Stretched upon tho bsap of straw, white and motionloss, sho lay ; un- 1 conscious that ber Boggart liad beon .joined by another; that tlio ghostly pair j had glared upon her with fiory oyoB, and then ruBliod shrieking out into tho night. Hetty was now in great danger, and had it not been for Pussy's fostering care she would n^ver more liave opened her eyes. Tho motherly old oat seemed aware .h' her responsibilities. Now and then .die. paid her kittens a visit, but most of the night she spent curled up iu Hetty's norveloss arinB, now rubbing her head upon tho girl's rigid faco, now pushing open the cold hands, and mowing pitcously, an though she know all was not woll. Cubby's ministrations prevented Hetty from absolutely freezing, though they wero powerless to arouso hor from the deadly swoon into which she had fallen. She did uot regain full co- soiousuoss for many hours, und wlien nt length bIio opened her oyes daylight wns dawning over the snow-clad liills. Night, with its long train of terrors, was past. Were those terrors real, or only part of a dreiul ful dream P - I viMowat stiff wit li col-t. ami so weak that she could hardly move, lint she under stood well enough tin- ib'.n^er of allowing her blood to siuiumto, and would not give v. y lo the languor which tempted hor to lie still and' go to sleep. With difficulty she raised hcrielf, and by dint of rubbing and exercising her limbs sha was at length able to stand and creep ' feebly across tho floor. , The fii*3t tiling to be done was to sweep out t he snow which had drifted in during the night. This took a long timo, as slia had no bet ter broom than a wisp of straw ; but the occupation was good for her, and when it was done she felt herseli again. She was sure now that tho night alarm was no dream. She had really seen a white figure, with eyes of terrifying brightness. She had heard the cry too— tho very cry she had so often ridiculed. Was it thon a fact that tlie mill was haunted P Hetty did not like to think so, though her confidence in her own theory was severely shaken. Napoleon Bonaparte is said to have set au especial value upon the men wliose rourncro could staurl tbo t.fifit of darknOBB .'.aa tuii'.iide. i\oo:nlay cou.s.go, lio averred, was common oiiougli ; midnight courage was a rare and priceless article. This truth Hetty experienced. Sha found it much easier to ba brave when tha sun was shining, and already indulged a hope that her Boggart might be explained away. The white figure had appeared first upon the beam. Fixing her eyes on this ' spot, she saw that at tlie end where it;! entered the wall, there was a large cavity;' What might be within she could not' guess, but it certainly would not bo a Boggart, so she determined to investi gate. Upon the floor lay a long pole ; this she raised with some difficulty, and rest ing one end upon the beam, pushed it into the hole. if It penetrated much further than sha ;? expected, and the result was startling. First, there was a fluttering, croaking noiso; then a harsh, discordant ory. Hetty had heard that cry before. Sh6 dropped the pole and fled to her refuge amongst the stiaw. From thence she venturod a timid glance at tho beam. What was her amaze ment to behold, enthroned in sulky dig nity, a huge white owl. There ho sat, blinking his large round eyes, as though lie strongly objected to being disturbed at such an untimely hour. Indeed, his manner betokened such an evident protest against sunshine in general aud inquisitive girls in particular, that Hetty could not help laughing at him. That laugh meant not only amusement, but intense relief from supernatural fears, and joy at the unexpected success of her scheme. . But what availed success P Alas I no felon in the county gaol was more securely imprisoned than Hetty Cross land. She might have allov.'ed herself to drop from the floor of tho loft — the fall would have been sevoro, but she would have risked that had it not been for Dan. No gaoler ever kept watch and ward moro jealously than Dan. He lay near the fallen ladder, and kept hia suffering. eyes fixed upon the floor above, where lie knew Hetty to be. Some idea of keeping guard was doubtless floating through his dis tempered brain. He thought he waa doing his duty — poor Dan! The Mill was within sight of the farm, as we havo before explained ; but the farm was not to bo seen from the loft, the only outlet facing the other way ; ft commanded a view of the moors and fields; also, the pathway along which Hotty had come the night before. Here lay her only hope of rescue. Some ono passing down the path might see her signal, or hear her call for help. How frail a hope this waa she bad yet to learn. By-and-by the church bells rang out. Her father would expect her to arrive in time to go to church with him. She - pictured him standing waiting for her, with his hat on and his staff in nis hand, ' ready to start ; and hor eyes overflowed at the thought of his disappointment, and the painful suspense whioh would soon begin for him. How long was that day 1 Still longer awl more dreary the hours of darkness ' which followed, for the pangs of hunger prevented any but brief snatches of slumber. Long beforo daylight Hetty was awnkciiod by the Christmas bolls. Merrily the chimes came pealing through the keen, frosty air, and as she listonod, a ray of liopo stole into her heart. Glory to God — on earth peace — good- will to mau.' Onco more the bells carried the angels' message to a suffering human heart. Hetty lioard and understood. It is only iu moments of dire distress that we fully grasp tho vital reality of truths familiar to us from infanoy. Tho oft-, told tale then drops its mask of dull acquiosconce, and assumes a charaoter and form hitliorto unknown. Hetty bad alwayB beon a conscientious, high-prinoipled girl, but never before had sho so fully realised the all-pervading presence aud power of God. Her situation was not hopelesB, for Ho saw hor. He knew her wealcness, and would not forsnlto lier. This exaltation of feeling banished tho sense of loneliness and supported hor through the long hours of the day. She needed strength, for a heavy trial awaited her. On tho afternoon of Christmas Day, for the first time, her eyes were gladdened By -the ' sight of moving figures upon the field path. They came nearer. Now she could see them plainly, and who slionld they be but Tom and Bob Sims, boyB who knew her well. Tho sight of their ruddy faces filled Hetty's heart with jov. On thoy came, whistling, Banging, and Occa sionally snowb'a'Hiiig ea'Sli otlior or tlio birds. ' Help I help ! ' crjed Hotty, from tho doorway. 'Tom! Bob! du helping!' Alas! hor voice was TIjci only Boiind sho c'o'til^ jnak'e way a iiO'a'rse, dismal cry, wliioh Boundo'd unilft'tu'ral even iu lier own ears. Wo'uld they hear P Yes. They stood stilli and looked towards her. Sho redoubled her ffriefr, and wa,ved lier hands wildly. Poor Hetty I What waB lier dismay to see tho foolish lads turn and fly ns if for their livos, uttering shouts of terror as thoy ran. Thoy look her for tho Boggart. Hotty saw that plainly, and she saw, too, how tho mistake lessened her ohanoe of rescue. No ono would dare come near tho mill after tliio new scare; perhaps, r to-morrow even tho moil would not work. Utterly despairing, she crept back to hor straw bed - and wept pitcously. (To le conHimci) v 