OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PEAED. CHAPTER VII.—" I Follow My Star." When Elsie Valliant set her heart upon doing any particular tiling she usually had lier way. She had set her heart upon going to Goondi during tho election week, and so r\i> nnrM»fuh»il L/ulv TTnrace lo take her. They rode to the Bean-tree Crossing, as the telegraph station and German settlement near them was culled, and there picked up tho coach to Goondi. It was only a one day's expedition after all. Two coaches passed in the day, one in the morning and one at night. Lady Horace was not very hard to per suade. Perhaps she was more excited about the chaneos of Hullctt's return than sliu ciiosc to show. Perhans she was a little anxious about her husband, of whom they heard vaguely as "shouting drinks" to the electors, driving four-in-hand about the country, playing practical jokes upon his opponents, certainly flirting with electors pretty daughters, and otherwise having what lie described as " a good time." Ilia was so quiet that no one over quite knew what she felt or thought, hut Elsie had a shrewd suspicion lhat. she was not perfectly satislied with her handsome and excitable voung husband, and Elsie had heard Lord Horace speak more crossly to Inu than be fitted the short time, they had been married. To be sure he hail apologised very penitently afterwards, and had declared to Elsie that Ina was an angel, which she told him had always been perfectly well known in the family. Lord Horace had added that per haps it might be better for him if she were not quite such an angel, as she would keep him in stricter order, and there jfilsic had agreed. Anyhow. Ina seemed to think that he needed a littlo Keeping in order now, and so she said that as she wautcd to do some shopping, and as Goondi was the nearest place where she could buy a yard of silk or a reel of cotton, she and Elsie would go. It was a queer straggling bush town, with a largo and floating population, mostly of miners. Tho claims, with their heaps of stouc and scaffolding of machinery, gave it a different appearance from the ordinary township. All day and night the machinery was at work, and all day and all night one could hear tho dull thud of tlie blasting. There was only one street in the township, but it went up and down hill for nearly ? two miles. Goondi was all hills and little wooden houses aud heaps of stone anil mul lock, which is the refuse from the crushing. There was only one hotel — a lug two-storied wooden house, with verandah and balcony all round, commonly known as KuU'eyVj. Hero the rival candidates were staying. Hallctt harangued his mob from the north balcony, and Blake addressed his troup the one on the south. Lord Horace was waiting outside tlie hotel to receive them when the coach drove up. His refined, Greek-featured face looked paler than usual from fatigue and jute hours. He was very much excited, and could talk of nothing but the elect ion. He began at once to tell Ina of how he had been making himself agreeable to the wives of the diggers aiul settlers, and of the bush balls at which he had been assisting ; of bow the men had openly derided him for being a Lord, and of how he had entertained and im pressed the ladies by his answers to their questions concerning aristocratic life in Eng land. "Lord! I have crammed them," lie said confidentially, " but I think we aredoin' it, though it'll be a close shave. Puts me in mind of Wavcryug's election — I fetched 'cm last night, I can tell you, by dcscribin' all that, and singing !ein the war cry— I composed it myself — a sort of hash of the Marseillaise, the Star-spangled Banner, and Tommy Dodd. Tlie worst of it is that fellow Tranb has got a voice that takes the wind out of our sails, and thou lie appeals to their fcclin's. Blest if he didn't give 'cm 'The Wearing of ihe Green' last night— struck up when Blake began about the Irish wrongs — he's a Fenian is that fellow Blake, but he is not a bad sort for all that — ami 1 really felt inclined to blubber, it was so pathetic." Hallett came towards them. They were in the entrance hull, ami he was coming down the stairs. From tlie other side of the hotel floated sounds of the mob he had been ad dressing. Ho Loo looked excited, ami a little nervous. He went straight to Elsie, just shaking hands with Lady Horace as lie passed. " You sec I said I would conic," she said. "I'll) afraid you've come to see me beaten," he answered pa a low voice. "I mustn't confess to defeat now, but I feel pretty sure of it." " But he is a si ranger," said Elsie. " What liaa ho done ? How lias ho got over the dis trict." "Tlio inuu lias power," said ITalleLt bluntly ; "and 1 haven't. ' " Yes, lie has power," said Elsie dreamily; " I can see that." " You've seen him then ?" said Hallett sur prised. He had not heard of that meeting by the creek. Elsie had not even told her Bister. "Take care," he added in a low voice, "there he is." Aloud he said, "1 think wc had better go up to your sitting- room, Lady Horace. This isn't exactly the place for ladies." A number of men Imd come in from tho outside entrance. They wefc talking noisily. Traill's voice could be heard above tlio others. He stopped short at, sight of the ladies and lifted his hut lo Lady Horace, who gave him rather a cool nod. All the men seemed to cluster naturally round the central figure, Blake himself, taller than the others, more erect, and altogether butter-bred look ing. Ho too raised his hat at t lie sight of Elsie, but with bis left hand. She made a slight movement in his direction. It was more a gesture t han a movement, but he in terpreted it as she had intended, and came to opcak to hbr. "I hope your arm is all right now," she said. " Nu,T see it isn't. Why do you wear a sling?" " The shoulder was dislocated," lie said in an eager, confused manner, "and Abatos pulled all tho way to Bardlin, and made a nasty business out of what would have been nothing if I had kept quiet.'' "Ahatos!" she exclaimed. "You called him Osman." " Ahatos," said llallclt, " is the name of Moonlights famous horse." "I suppose I was thinking of that. Some one has just been speaking of Moonlight," replied Mr. Blake quietly. But Elsie had fancied when she spoke that his face had changed, uud that he had grown paler. Was it the sight of her which had agitated him? The girl's heart thrilled with an odd momen tary sense of triumph. "The excitement of an election is apt to confuse one's faculties, BlaUu vrent on. " You have come into the thick of the iucht, Miss Valliant. But I think <m the whole —ho turned to Hallett— that tho warfare is conducted with us little rancour as could be expected, considering tho sort of mob wc have to deal with." "Your mob," said Hallctt, laughing. "Mine is decorous, compared with your wild Irishmen " "My wild Irishmen ? Tliey are the hest- liutured and the best-behaved iellows in tlio world," Blake insisted, good-humoredly. " They can sing too, I can tell you." ; " Yes — they can sing," Hallett admitted, "and they can cheer in their quern shrill sort of way. I can't always make out whether tliey arc delighted or disappointed, it sometimes sounds to. me like a death- wail, and then, by Jove, I am told it is a shout of triumph." "You'll liear it to-morrow,' I Juke said, carelessly, " aud then you will know that it isn't a "death-wail— and don't you forget it." . "I am very curious about it — I want to hear it," Elsie said in an abstracted sort of way, as if she wore talking to herself. "I don't," HalleLt declared with a laugh. " Well, Blake, we shall know it all to-morrow. ' God show the right/ as the old proclama tions of battle used to say." "God show the right," repeated Blake abstractedly. "That's what they say in Ire land. Come what will, Hallett," said Blake, "you are a good fellow, and a gallant oppo nent." Then the little group dispersed. .Sounds echoed all through the wooden building, and Ridley's was by no means a peaceful haven on this election eve. From the bar down below there came noise of revelry, hoarse callings for drink, snatches of song, rough laughter, ami occasionally an oath. In tlie balcony, on which Lady Horace's siuingroom opened, all this could be distinctly heard. It was au odd place for a voung lady to choose, but for the greater part of the evening Elsie Valliant sat there and listened to tlie din ami watched the street below. There was a moon getting near its lull, and the long stragtrl um roadway, with its wooilen houses, its odd-looking groups of passers-by — rough buslunou, diggers, China men, blacks— nroaen ted a rather amusing spec tacle. But Elsie did not seem so deeply in terested in the street scene as in a low, monotonous hubbub, with one voice distinguishable through the babel, which came to her from tho other side of the build ing. and wluch oho guessed to he that oi Blake hohlmir a meeting. I hero worn inter ruptions every now and then. .Sometimes his voice roso so clearly that she could almost make out. the words. .Some times another voice interposed, sometimes there were boots trom helow. sometimes cheers: lint through it all the one voice de claimed with a force ami passion that ELio felt to bo real oratory. Eh e would have given tin: world to hear what he was raying. She did, indeed, crane her head over ihe balcony, but after a minute drew it back', afraid lest in tho moonlight someone should see and re cognise lier. By ami by it ended. The street became quieter,' but the noise in the hotel in- creased. Hallctt camo up and joined her in tlio balcony. " Have you been listening to Mr. Blake?" she usked. " No," ho replied, " I have been orating on my own account. Why do you stay out here? It isn't lit for you, with ull that noise going on in the bar/' " I will go to bed," she said listlessly. " I am tired." "Stay a moment. Come round here; itisqufoter. I told you I'd show you tho ghost of your flower tlie next time we met. Hero it is." (To be continued.) 