THE FUTURE OF OUR FRUITS. THB BUNBURY DISTRICT. [By L.L.C.] The journey from Perth to Bunbury was never very exoiting I should think, even in the days when the stage coach waa the only means of transit. But now, even the mild excitement of the bustle and departure of the eoaeh, the long tediaus journey, and the revival of excitement, and the suppressed and uusuppressed thanksgivings, as the ead is reached, must all go before the inroads of the iron horse. Very little longer on this road at least shall I listen to " The stage driver's story, as he stood with his back to the wheelers, Quietly flecking his whip, and turning his quid of tobacco." No longer will the reckless laugh and the timid shudder as the driver recounts how the coaoh was upset going down a certain grade, or "stuck up" at a certain point, and his existence "put to the hazard and turn of a wager" - but I was forgetting - stages are not stuck up in this colony, I believe, and I apologise for the want of bushwhackers. Even the horses look dejected and unhappy, as if they feel tbeir days are numbered and are not quite sure what ia before them. If they feel as they look there is an obituary notice right in front of several I have" made acquaintance with. All this must go, tho leaders and the wheelers to more hamb'o occupation, and the driver to an obscurity, where he will no longer be a-here-and the' arbiter of the'box seat. A few days will ree the two ends of the second aeotion of the ParthiBunbury railroad linked together, and I hear the fi»t of Hay-calimo early McNeil darling;-will find the road completed, and ia the hands of the Government. The only thing I personally regret is that the two ends were not " linked in dulcet sweetness " before I went down, but as this has nothing to do with the patt, present or futare of Bunbury, I forbear saying anything more about it. The good peop'e of Pinjarrah were all oat of doors the day I went down, having their races and lunch. It appeared to me that lunch, which lasted all day without any intervals, was the prime object of the meet- ing. I did not see much racing, bnt an awful lot of turkey and home-made pies and other delicacies of local production, and if thi future of Bunbury suffers, Pinjarrah hos- pitality will be to blame for I was, and am still, very much like a Scotch friend who prophetically exclaimed when he smelt the haggis going up t) dinner, " Eh mon, won't I suffer the morn!" After a somewhat excit- ing drive by moonlight over the " gap." which divides the two ends of the railroad, Bunbury was reaohed, to be literally correct, "at an early hour** on Thursday in last week. * . a « * # I have a very unfortunate habit of forming advance impressions of an/ place I am going te. I suppose this is common mere or less to everyone. Ona could hardly be bound to a place without wondering what it was like and forming a mental piotare of some kind ; bnt I am particularly unfortunate in my " advance proofs," if I may call anything so ntterly intangible and unreliable a proof. If tho parson or the place does not come up to the standard of the ideal I had formed there is another idol of an hour knocked off its pedestal, another dream with a rude awakening. On the other hand, when my ideal is away below the reality, as is not unfrequently the cass, then I fesl even more mean, and as if I had been trying to,, do the person or the place out of its just rights. I feel as if I had watered the whiskey and palmed it off as o.p. And this is th* sensa- tion I experienced when I saw the sun rise over Bunbury, and still more deeply did I suffer when I saw the na'ure of the country round about. My humiliation was complete and I freely confess it and ask absolution. I had pictured Banbury as a one-horse kind of place, made up chiefly of sand, shells, shab biness, shanties, sonambuliats and several other sundries that don't all begin with S. Imagine dear readers-I believe it is the correct thing to call readers (proof readers exceptad) dear once in a while-imagine my surprise and pleasure in beholding a well« bnilt and well-laid out town delightfully situated on the banks of a deep estuary. The streets are wide and the stores and houses of no mean order. The town is re- freshingly olean and tidy in appearance, pretty little gardens abound, and the quaint nooks and corners one oomes across at every turn remind one that Bunbury is not a crea- tion of to-day. The traffic over its thorough« fares is not that of Hay- street; there is not the rush and excitement, and bustle, one sees in Collins Street. The people of Bunbury de business, and plenty of it, but they do it ! quiet'y and unostentatiously and they are never so rushed as to ba unable to find time for a " wedlock of bargains " at the " Rose " or the " Prince of Wales." All this is well, because it promotes longevity and good feeling, and other things of a kindred nature that have a tendency to increase one's adipose tissue. And then there is the climate I and that alone is quite enough-judging by the sample I had-to make a man live for ever, or as long as he can, and then die in doubt as to whether he ia likely to benefit by the change from a climatio point of vjew. But there are perhaps critical readers who will say they have known residents of the tropies shuffle off their mortal coils with the same denbt wafting its wings above them, and that this is no recommendation. All I can say in reply to such nasty and unoharitable oritioism is that the destination of the Ban« bury people is not in that direction. Though they may not all have been born good, Nature has been so extravagantly generous to them in every way that they have no inducement to go to any place where they can not take their blankets in safety. « * . . * There is nothing I can imagine that wonld induce them to go wrong except the pardon- able desire to catoh the largest fish. I went oat fishing with a harpoon, and tinned sans« ages and a water bag, and David Hay and several ether persons and things. We had not time to catch very many fish, bat we caught quite enough in the time to show one that the fish are utterly reckless about their lives, that they seem to be born with a desire to impale themselves on the first hook that offers, and that they don't always wait to grow np before they do this. The big ones haviag lived so long without finding a hook is to be solely attri- buted to the want of hooks. Fith ranging from a stone to a hundredweight are common ooonrrenoes (two or three days after the party has returned to land), and if I had re- mained muoh longer I should have felt in- clined to set up a whaling fleet and a boiling down establishment. It seems a pity so many large fish should have to go to sea again unhooked but not " unwept, nnhonored and unsung." The fishing is really excellent in every respect. Plenty ef well sheltered water and plenty of fish. This should prove a great attraction to visitors-this, and the chance of oatching the biggest fish and talk« ing about it afterwards which is perhaps the greatest of all pleasures. Telling a fish story is no more a criminal offence tbaa tell- ing a ghost story on Christmas eve. In faot they aro very similar in many respects. In a'l the best ghost stories I have heard the ghost never had any foundation in faot; he was merely introduced as a phantom peg on which to bang the tale. The same thing applies to fish stories and snake yarns. Bnt as I have said these are not oriminal amusements like bnrglaries and " under and over," and the three-card trick, and long beers, and the drink traffic andopesiag public- houses oa Sunday, and de net fill our penitentiaries and poor-hopses and oompel the State te spend all its surplus' ooah in maintaining one-half the people at the expense of the other half instead of build- ing railways and other reproductive works. I am sure Mr. Timperley, if I had asked bim wonld have told me that crime waa at a dis graoefully low ebb at Bunbury, and that nothing over an occasional five shillings or twenty-four hours disturbed the placid serenity of the Criminal Court. . . . a . lam trying to shoar-^in a very round- about way, I admit-what a very desirable place Banbury is. I saw a good deal of its surroundings and for this I am indebted largely to the gentleman whose name I have jost mentioned. Mr. Timperley has been always on the go in the service of the eolony, and this has prevented him going into fruit and vine-grewing. He nevertheless believes in both, and he told the gentlemen who attended the meeting to form the association, that the first thing he would do if he took up land would be to plant out trees and vines is the garden. In addition to this Mr. Tim- perley is an author of some repute, and unlike many authors I have met of greater and less repute, a most genial spirit. To him and Mr. Stafford, who took the greatest possible trouble to show me round, and to Mr. E. M. Clarke, the president of the new Vine and Frnit-Growers' Association, I am largely indebted for the pleasure and snoeess of my visit. . . . . . The great drawbaok to Bunbury bas, I am told, been its inaccessibility. As far as loan see this is its only natural drawbaok, and within a very few weeks this will no longer exist. The railway will be open and then Banbury will be within four or five hours of Perth. What a delightful change of olimate and scene for the bu?inoss people of the oapital city. From Saturday till Monday they will be able to gain a new lease of life. The jaded man of business wbo, as we hive bean assured lately, has to make both ends meet on a 15 per cent profit ; the bloated publican, wbo waxes fat on what we ware assured by the same speaker was no less than 100 per ct-nt. profit, the clerks, and all their wives and children and sisters and cousins andaunti will be able to sing to (paraphrase Milton) in solo and chorus individually and collectively : " Retiring from the popular noise, I seek This unfrequented plaoe to find some ease ; Bass to the body some, and to the mind From restless thoughts " The servant gal and the Sun lay dianerand other harrassing domestic càretymay I add, as these things and unrequited bills at three months, were not known to Milton as we know them now. Bunbury has everythisg to recommend it as a seaside resort. It has in the first place a summer climate that is in every way delight- ful. It is an attractive town in itself, clean and healthy; it is prettily situated on the estuary which is always placid and abounds in fish ; it is protected from the " rage of old ocean," though the ocean is cloae at hand. There are charming walks and drives in all directions, and all this is, er will be in a few weeks, within coo-ee and a few shilling's ride on the railroad of Perth. # * # * * Now, I have something else in atare besides praise for Bunbury and its people. Banbury is not, in its present state, prepared to ree91 ve alargo iaflux of visitors. There must be some preparation made, and will the Bunbury people make the necessary preparations P I am inclined to think there will have to ba an invasion of the Goths and Hone of exuuMiou ists from the metropolis before the Banbury people f ally realize what a paternal Govern- ment has done for them in building thit railroad. Everything that is worth eating can be grown around Banbury. Fish, meat, poultry, eggt, milk, butter, vegetable!, fruit, -there is a menu for yon! and one that makes my mouth water as I writs it, and think of the eggs laid abont three years ago in the baokblocks of Adelaide that I shall have to face to- morrow morning for breakfast, and the batter that I have to shave before I oin use it. And yet, though all these nice things would really grow themselves at Buabury if they had only vary little provocation, I tried to get a few lba. of fresh batter to bring biak with me. No, there was only a limited supply, and that wa3 all used in the place. I watched two fruiterers go up the street peddling fruit from their carts on Saturday morning. Too lot was sold before half the town had been supplied. I suppose they will start at the other end of the town next week and equaliee mattera that way; every one getting fruit once a fortnight ! And accommodation toe! Where are the people to be put from Satur- day till Monday P I hear the proprietor of the Rose is going to build a new honse, and I noticed the Prince of Wales hotel ia being added to, but this will not hold Rerth and Fremantle on a holiday. And I also* heir the Municipal Council is going to erect a swimming bath. Severa! energetic residents urged the matter on, and with every prospect of success I am glad to say. This is some encouragement, and shows that the future of Banbury is not being lost sight of altogether. Bet ¿here is much moro te be done. People will not care to stay in the swimming bath all the time, nor will they care to provide for themselves. Buabury has ita billet ; and it is destined to become a great place if the people know how to spell opportunity. They have at last been given what they so long have pined for--easy and rapid com- munication with other portions of the colony ) will they new seize the opportunity P They have only to pat out their bands and gather' the riob, ripa fruit that will shortly hang within easy reach, and prove a most profitable crop. In my next I shall have something to eay about the district and its capabilities. 