Canterbury and Balwyn Literary Institute. L" adlie' Night " at the Canterbury and BIlsayn Literary I ititute is invariably loo,ke forward to by the members and friends swith peicial intereet. for since the establish mnent of this excellcnt night they hale been the one bright feature of its progratntme. It is therefore not surprising that on Tuesday cvenintg last a larg: audi, nce asselmbled to be entertained by the ladies' commuittee and their friends. The hall sas nicely decorated with tlowers, trubis. ac., IYlIch letlt a pI'l tng als ct to the Furrounditsgi. and the entertainment left nothing to be desired. Pianofortee solos. olngs, and recitations swere given in excellent style by the following ladies and gentlemen: -The Misses Grieve, Woodville, Smith, and Small, and Mr. Parry. The Misses Dugagin were loudly applauded, and received a recall for their mandolin and guitar duct. MIr. layward appeared in a ventriloluil entertainment, and must be highly complimented on the atmount of fun he extracted from two dummny figures. Mr. 1~4yward's eiposition was exceedingly clev?e, and he was re called no less than three titmes. Mrs. 1arrett alpeared in a new role, that of . dwarif supposed to be 169 y?airs old. Thole nlake-up was exceedingly good, and the little localismns indulgel in by her .caused great laughter. Mrs. Barrett afterwards appeared as a ghost, and it need only be said tlat' the reprcsentation was weird and ghastly in tihe extreme. Durring the evening the audience were plled. uponi tO vote for three tpoems sent in b'iia llubrs of thel Institute for the prise offered by Mr. I. 1). Smith (president). The mijority was in favor of the one sent in by trir6l," dealing with the depression. We, intend to insert.the poems in our next issue, with full 'hanes attached. At the close of this admirable progralnne, the ladies had in waiting sollo light refresh ments, which were thoroughly appreciated, and thus one of the most pleasant evenings over held in connection with the Institute terminated. - We wcould draw attention to the piano used at this entertainment, which sadly wants tuning, and it is to be hoped it will be attended to. 