"Always and for All Things." A SEKMON BY THE LATE KEV. C. H. SPURGEON. I (CONCLUDED FROM OUR LABT ISSUE.) J " Givings thanks always for all things."-EriiES. v., 120. In the first part of thia sermon, published in last week's itißua, after noticing that the duty | enjoined "giving of thanks" should be a very j pleasant one, Mr. Spurgeon, knowing well what human nature ia and what common experience is, refera to its constancy. Having spoken of the time, he proceeds thirdly to atato that tho text next tolls us THE WHEREFORE OF OUR GRATITUDE "Giving thanks always for all things." "For all thinga"-whatever may happen to us. For the things which are of the greatest moment we should always bo grateful} for the now birth, for pardon of sin, for tho in dwelling of tho Holy Ghost, for all covenant mercios, for all the blessings of tho cross, and of the crown. Doar friends, a Christian has infinito causo for gratitude. When I first looked to Christ and was lightened, I thought that if I never re ceived another mercy except that one of being de livered from my load of guilt, I would praise God, if ho would but let me, for ever and ever. To hav9 the feet taken out of tho miry clay, and to feel them Eot on the rock of ages, ia a subject for eternal grati tude. But you have not received one spiritual mercy only, beloved brother, nor 2, nor 20; you have had them strewn along your path in richest profusion ; tho stars above aro not more numerous, nor the sands beneath more innumerable. Every hour, yea, every moment has brought a favor upon its winga. Look downward and give thanks, for you are savod from hell ; look on tho right hand and give thanks, for you are enriched with gr.i cious gifts; look OD the left hand and give thanks, for you are shielded from deadly ills ; look above you and give thanks, for heaven awaits you. Nor ia it alone for great; and eternal bon* Hts, but even FOU, MINOR AND TEMPORARY BENEFITS we ought to give thanks. There ought not to be brought into the house a loaf of bread without thanksgiving; nor should we cast a coal upon the fire without gratitude. We eat like dogs if we sit down to our meals without devoutly blessing God. We live like serpents if we never rise to devout re cognition of the Lord's kindness. We ought not to paton our garments without adoring God,or take them off to rest in our beds without praising him. Each bieath of air should inspire us with thanks, and the blood in our veine should circulate gratitude throughout our system. O, how sacred would our temporal mercies bo to us if we wore always thank ing God for them ! Instead of that, we too often complain because we have not somewhat more. We have a position which, in God's sight, ia the best for us. Wa could not have bean batter off than we are now, all things being considered, eternal things as well as present things ; and yet we murmur and groan as though God had dealt hardly with us. Tho worst of all is that sometimes the poorest are the most thankful, those dear souls that are always Bick and never havo a waking moment free from pain are often the happiest and moat grateful, while persons with wealth, health, and strength, and surrounded by every comfort, are often of such a crooked dis position that they complain they know not why, and are most disagreeable companions. God save you who are his saints f om falling into a murmur ing spirit ; it is contrary to what God can approve of. We ought also to thank God IV. FOR THE MERCIES WHICH WE HO NOT SEE, as well as for those which are evident. We receive, perhaps, 10 times as many mercies which escape our notice as those which we observe mercies which fly by night on soft wings, and bless us while wo sleep. Yon have hea d. per haps, of a Puritan who met his son, each of them travelling some 10 or 12 railes to meet the other; and tho son said to his father, "Father, I am thankful to God for a very remarkable provi dence which I have had on my jou ney here. My horse has stumbled three times with me, and yet I am unhurt." The Puritan replied, " My dear son, I have to thank God for an equally remarkable providence on my way to you, for my horae did not once stumble all tho way." If we happen to be in an accident by railway we feel co grateful that our limbs are not broken ; but should we not bo thankful when there Í3 no accident? Is not that the better thing of the two ? It you were to fftU into poverty, p.nci some one were to restore you to your former position m trade, yon would be very, grateful; should you not be grateful that you have not fallon into poverty. Bloss God for his unknown benefits; extol him for favors which you do not seo, giving thanks to God for all things. THE DIFFICULT POINT ie to give thanks to him for the bitter things, for the disguised blessings, for the love tokens which come to us from him in black envelopes, for those benefits which travel to ns by tho way of the croaSj which, aro generally tlio moat heavily laden wag gons that ever come from our Father's country. We aro to give thanks for th« dark things, the cutting things, tho thing J which plagua and vex us, and disquiet out' spa-.ls, ior tlicsa.i ;¿re ¡1111011 - the all things for which we ought to praise and bless God. D->ubtlest>, ii our eyes were opened, like those of Elijah's servant, v/o should eeo our trials to be auiongtt ouf choicest treasures. If wo exercise tho far-seeing eye of faith au cl not tho dim eyes of Bouse, wu shall discover that nothing can bo mora fatal to us than to .ba without affliction, and that nothing is moro beneficial to us than to be tried ca with lire. Therefore w.i will lory in tribulations also; we will bless and magnify the name of tho Lord that he loads us through the wilderness that he may prove us, and that he may lit us for dwell ing by-and-byo in tho promised land. " Giving thanks always for all things." I should like to bo towards God of the mind thv.t John Bradford was towards Queen Mary. When reviled as a rebol that saint and martyr said, "I have no quarrel with the Queen. If she releases me I will thank her, if sho imprison me I will thank her, if she burn me 1 will thank her." We should say of tho Lord, "Let him do what seemeth him good ; if ha will give U3 health wo will thank him, if he will send us sickness we will thank him. If he indulges us with prosperity o¡ if he tries us with affliction, if the Holy Spirit will but enable us, we will never eeauo to praise the Lord as long as wo live." Augustine tells us that tho early saints when they met each other would never separate without Eaying, "DEO GRATIAS I" THANKS BE TO GOD. So should it be with us all tho day long. The motto of tho Christian should be "Deo Gratias!" " Giving thanks always for all things." Beloved, tho Lord gave us evermore a thankful spirit, and when we talk to each other, let it not be our habit as it is ordinarily with Englishmen to complain of this and of that, but let us thank God and testify of his goodness. I have heard that farmers aro greatly given to grumbling; well, if they are more «pt at complaining than tradespeople are, tb* y ara very far gone in it, for generally wherever I go I hear that trade is bad it always has bnen ever Binco I have been in London, and commerce has conBtantlv been going to ruin. I have known Borne who have lout money oveiy month, »nd yet are richer «very year. How is this ? Had not we better change our way of talking, and dwell not upon our misèriès," but our mercies ? Let us speak much of what God has given rather than of that which he^hite^m-lové withheld from us; blessing him rather than speaking1 ill of our neighbor, or complaiuiugof our circumstances. 