MALIGNANCY OF INANI MATE THINCS. t A rising foreign philosopher has, we are r told, been developing a ncurions theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objects. The e author of thetheoryappealsvery wisely in the e first instance to he common experience of all it human beings, and then, having secured h that substantial basis of acknowledged afact, proceeds to work out his general , theory. Mlany another doctrine-that for if instance of the ghost revisiting the o glimpses of e moon - it argued II after a different fashion, and even after a edifferentprinciple. It would be of no use now-a-days to begrin with an appeal to our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared r that in one of the gireat battles of Spain Saint james himself had CCHAROED UNDER TIHE SPANISH FLAGO, but added modestly, "unworthy that I was, calthough in the battle I was not favored with a a sight of the blessed saint." SBut the philosopher who theorises about the I malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have the fasts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate objects? The: footstool that was un doubtedly put carefully ipto a corner-how does it come to be in the middle of the room ? The fire which was blazing up a mo ment ago- why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands -over it; but let him divert hisattention for one moment to any other objiect. and AFTER c i T.IE DFI.UE. TLse latch- key-but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much strees on the troubles withthelatch-key,inasmuch asunphilosophical levity might suggest unwelcome explanations. The pebble that comes in the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in vaterate malignancy of inanimate objects. O. a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shares so hkeenly one day utterly decline to share at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a now and taligoly meant claim when TROED AOGAIN IN DESrAIR, and become eharp as tee Roman .King's I razer which cut the whetstone through? Why will the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on? We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex periences of most of nus. There is no quoestion-there can be none-as i to the experience. Letanyof us takenoticeon I any day of the number of times on which he a has been obstructed, harassed; annoyed, I made to lose his temper- sometimes almost I made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought I into a mood of mind to appreciate c better the force of the new philosophic 1 theory. We confess that, although we find I the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new I and practical rules for the guidance of every- a day or any day life. Because if these in- i animate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, after philosophy e shall have recognised TuE vACr OP THEIR MIALIGSIT Y. But, if we waet to refce to enider a thecory merely because we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest e theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refrac tory conduct of inanimate objecte, have at set crystallised themselves into a theory, we feel bound to commend it topublio considera- t tion, even although we do not feelinany way t assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its rectgnition. Nothing can be in its way t cORE IcIaTATING TIHANX THE LUCIFER MA TCHc. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refnuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will snap off just c at the top after lighting, and leave t its fiery head on one's hand ? But all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophie theory hat the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-conditionedI gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish a luncifer match any morothanwe can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite orimp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and. then to know that when his water- I jug for no apparent reason broke away from itRhandle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooledso instanta neously as to make him unwilling to swallow it at all- it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was struggling against a , malicious enemy, and not suffering from a i commonplace eceident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long sinco a principle of that philo. sopher, discusoed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a close by N ACc OFs. IcVErSALeSUICcLE. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing such a purpose. The whole human race might, ho thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals might be persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation wes as to woat are called-unphilosophically no doubt-the inanimate things. His convic tion was that the world began with theinoni mate things, ee we call them. They started the whole business, and then caine the lower animals, and then camo man. Now euppose man were universally willing to extinguiah himself-what guarantee could lie possibly have from these inanimate things thatthe moment he had disappeared they would not STAnT TH HTOLE Uo.CoLwc OF EXiSTENCE all over again. You cannot have a compact with the sands of the do. sert or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. You cannot have a treaty with the dust of the highway or an allianee with the coals in a mine. Even if you could have such an arrangement, who could answer for its being carried out! Who could truat these things to keep their plighted words? The;moment our backs were turned they would be sure to set the whole .mechanism going again. just for the perverse fun of the business. Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher about the malignancy of inani mate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that thece was anything man kind particularly wanted them to do, then they wooldinstantly, and OcT o' OIsEBR MALICE, make np their minds not to do it. We can judge of that from that co- man ard trying daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Sehopenhauer had a not, perhaps, when he developed his doubts, ever heard of. what we may call the in a siaimate malignaney theory. But if he had 1\. heard of. it, and admitted that there h was something in it, he would assuredly have j found himself strengthened in his wholesome is seepticism. He mght still find sermons in at stones, bat he would feel sure that it would is -be fntile to trust to the promise of a stone h that it would cease growing just to oblige him.-"Daily News." 