It was Christmas J)av on Hie bland. There were no formal "services in tholittlo half-ruined church now lliat tlio clergyman was dead: but Harirarcfc and her little flock stfli met tbcre And knelt together from timo to time, while Paul, much. abashed by his new position, read prayers and lesson3 with rather nervous rapidity; "When he reflected upon his situation, he acknowledged to himself that it could not well be odder. The islanders had accepted .him as their natural chief and head; they consulted him on all matters—agricultural, military, and religious; he who had been too languid to decide any question for himself, had now to decide half a dozen in the day for the little community growing up around him. Margaret sometimes looked athim with a half - startled interest. His way of looking at tilings was Larger and keener, she vaguely.felt, than her husband's way; and she had an occasional glimpse of worlds of thought and feeling which she had never realised. Perhaps she som- times felt as if, in lier iccoll from mere frivolity, she had run away from a great deal that was well worth knowing and seeing in the world which she had left. But it was Christmas Hay, and she put such thoughts away from.her. She went with her little daughter to lay a cross of flowers on Andrew Terrier's grave; and it was whfle.-sho sat beside it looking tenderly though tcarlessly at the flower-covered mound, that Paul Ashford leaped the wall of the churchyard and came towards her with words which startled her exceedingly. 1 " There is n ship in sight," he said. "We have signalled it,-and it is coming. An English chip—perhaps the Aurora herself." "On. Christmas Bay!" said Margaret, dreamily. She rose, but looked still, at the grave at her feet,' . . a " Wohavo been expecting it so. long,'.' said Paul,'trying to subdue tho. excitement which he"felt, "that it seems strange at last." " Very strange.. .Ton say it is . coining actually comings" . - \- " it will not bo hero for a cpuple of hours, I think," said. Paul. " But we shall do well to beicady.'' , She shot a quick glance at him. Beady, ahosaid, "forwhat?" It seemed to her as if ho were about to make a vehement answer, but suddenly restrained . "Maidie," -he said, "run up to tho house and gather soma"flowers, will ycunot? I jrant:to speak to your mother. , I must speak to you,"ho added, in a lower tone, "foimvo rr.P frtp jusnding. her -away. WiU.-yoo. waJko little way. with mo? Thro la something that must 1^ Qflid^efore that diip arrires." She glanced gather husband's grave as if she -thought • that it formed' a- protection: for he* weoknepjt, and that Paul-wishcdfodragh'et away from it. Perhaps ho did. Perhaps,h«v felt that what ho was about to. say .could not wellheuttered at Andrew FcmerVgrave. . They walked acrosa aatretch of smooth award * dotted by flowering trees, that borderedthe churchyard ; and when they came in sight of the wide bluo sea, flecked only -by the hull and funnel of the rapidly nearrogehip^-a blot ol darkness on tho brilliantly glancing waves— Paul Ashford spoko • " Forgivemy haste," he said,- gently, "but have you thought of what the arrival of English steamer may mean to you ' " Yes, V she said,- quietly. " It mc . „ , means that you will go away, and that I andMaidie will be left here alone."" "'Heaven forbid," he broke forth, in indig nant expostulation. " How can you .imagine'• such a thing! Leave you hero alone!" " Yes, of course. Yon will go to Sydney, or to England, or wherever' the vessel nmv.-bo bound for, and as soon as possible you vriU gefc' another mismohary.to come out to these«i>oor/ people. My husband left them in trust to me, "and I shall not leave them until I see them • handed over to some one else's care.". .Then I -shall be free to toke-Maidio home, even"—with.; a little hesitation—" even if I come'back*! afterwards." "You wonld like to come back r" he saidr " Ah, yes, I should indeed. My poor peopl*. here—-there is no one like them. I - shall never love any place as I love the island/' "Iloreit, too," said Paul, not very steadily; • f and. I should like to make it possible for you to look upon it as your home. I* coiitd do it if you would let me. Margaret, will you let mo sneak?** speak?* "I do not know what you mean, Paul," she answered, "but I am-sure that -you will not;'say: what it would be painful for.me to 'hear." • " It need not be painful," he said, earnestly# t "For-whether you say yes or no to my plan, I shall;be sure that you are wise and right. • Onlyi do not be offended' by what lam going to; say. I have no motive but ray. respect and regard for you and for your happiness, which'is dearer - to me than my own. May I go on?" Slie hesitated, with a deepening colour is; her cheek. Then abe said— ' "Ycj, go on!" " I am a rich man, Margaret, as you know#. I have no near relations living—no on&who; - has the ghost of a claim on me. I- have scarcely known what a home and happiness' meant unjil within tho last few months;-X' believe -that it would be perfectly easy-forms' to become the roaster, the virtual owner of this V little island, if I chose; at any rate,-of' greater portion of it. I should like to attlo' here: -build a house,, rebuild the church defend and assist these island people—mako. a' settlement, ..in fact, which might become/* pattern and example to other English colonists * in this part .of the world. What would:you' think of this, Margaretr" . " It seems a beautiful idea, V she said. • " Hoes it seem so to you ? But I could hot do it without your help, Margaret.' The thing--; would be feasible only if you would: stay," ' She looked at him with troubled eyes. • Ho caught her by the hand. "If yon wfllstay/'hesaid^'andboinywifir —think—think—what we could do !"' - "Oh, Paul!" she exclaimed, drawing away her baud, " how can you ask me such a thing ?.: How can you forget ?" !'I do not forget,".he said, vehemently. I remember everything. I. remember that -your • husband committed you to mycarc. - This-is tho only way in which 1 can take care of you." "I most think," she said,- beginning to tremble a little, as he .had never- seen^her do before. His. heart leaped up at the augury. He and he only had the powerfo move- her iu this way. He did not believe that shohadever tremblal at Andrew Femcr'a words of love. " I cannot answer you at once," she went onl "It is toosnon—too soon. I- do not tHnk-T can ever—but why did you speak to me to-^ day?" " Becausctlsnt English ship is coming nearer every minute, and we must decide before it comes." . "Why?" she said, with wide-open eyes. "Because, dear, we must do one of two things. If you refuse me, one of us must go. away by that vessel. We could notremainon the island together when * wo- hare, had the • chnucc of going away. Or else—if we stay— we could be married at'onco by the chaplain, if there is one. or by tho captain of tho ship#. In our circumstances, that would be quit© al lowable." "Oh, that would:be impossible—quite.im possible," alio said, starting./ * " It would be the best way. of all, Margaret. And you know, dear, I have loved you • for sd . long." Long?" she eaid, in a bewildered tons. "Long before you -met Andrew Ferrier, Margaret. I have always loved you, and tha loss oiyon was like a blight upon my; life. I; havo cared for nothing since. Can you.not make mo a little happy mow?" ; " Wait," she said, breathlessly ; "wait !r let mo think!' Give mo an hour—half an-bour—I must be alono a little whilo to thinknndpray/' "Pray for xne, Margaret," as wcH as for yourself," ho murmured, as he bent to kiss her hand.. - Then ho 6tocd erect and looked at her. ~ X will leaveyou here for three-quarters of .a*, hour," he said. ""We can hardly .spare mom . timn. Can you give no any answer then ?"■. * She bowed her head. He kept out. of licr sight, for the. forty-fiv* minutes which ho had niiowetther. It ' an eternity to him. Ho walked restlesslyabout: tho beach, avoiding tho questions of . this -eager islanders, .who were all gaUiorad on. thoahpra .to watch tho English, ship. His hcart'beefc,. wildly when ho retmned to- the place wherehe had left her. But.at the firstsight of;h»faee^ v it fell. ^ She-was very, pate, .veiy. trraq^an^ . .as he idty very'reaolveai He stopped, at. two .paces-from^ her,; &£&' .looked at her beseechingly. He didnot dara . * vLhave thought" -sh- said,and. I fliitik. i IhaTO seen tho truth. /JX must not 1W " \ ~ v 'i-TVLy.not? All, Margaret, dohot bo cruel! " "hecried. \: ; , <• ram-notcruol," she said,* 6toadilyj< "but it seems to me that your planisnotthe right one—for you. When I camo here.'I thought it my vocation—my mission—to teach and train these poor islanders, and so, perhaps, it was— hut it is not yours." • . "What is mine?'" 1Yours is very plain," said Margaret, turn* mg her shining eyes upon him. "You may have no relations in England, hut you have plenty of ties. You are a landowner; you . r have tenants and workpeople and servants • under, you. Go home and look after them; : they need you more than these island people in the South Seas. You are not called upon to come here." Paul laughed rather scornfully. "My tastes do not enter into the matter, I we." For once he saw her eyes hlaze. She turned upon him scornfully, v " Your tastes! " she said. "Why should . they matter, when people arc dying every day, as you yourself havo told me, of poverty and \- ignorance and disease in your great English cities, and in your villages alike? Tastes! What reason have yon—or I—to think of our tastes ? -• Do you think that it was to please my tastes •; that I gave up my life athome, and the delights of art and music and literature, of friends : -and the pleasures of fociety and all that makes, > life worth" living in the civilised world, in ' order to come out here and teach these poor ; people of mine how to serve God and them . selves ? It was as little to my tastes—although . I counted it aright and beautiful thing to do —to come here, as it is to yours to go and do , your duty in your own home in England. Our • missions-surii as they are—are not alike." She turned away from him with a haughty, imperial gesture, which vividly recalled to him \ , the days and nights of her social triumphs in ' Dcndon drawing-rooms,. when she had been • not only gracious hut sometimes majestic in ^ her great and wonderful beauty. The softness and sweetness of later years seemed suddenly \- to have deserted her. Paul looked and listened, thunderstruck, perhaps even a little moved to awe; hut he had not a word to say. His very \- silence impelled her to turn hack and offer Mm her hand. * - "Forgive me," she said, with eyes shining : through their tears. " I did not mean to speak so harshly, 'bo proudly. You know that I do ; consider my work worth doing, in spite of what X may have said about my frivolous, pitiful taste. But our paths are not alike. It is not your work to stay here; it is yqtir work to go back.to England and look after your ^ people, as I look after mine. Your mission is in England, mine—mine is here." \- Pa*l had turned very white. It seemed to him that it was almost worse to be rejected be v cause she wanted to do some quixotic piece of ~ work, thansimply because she did not love him. "He spoke with a sharp ring of suffering in his voice. / \- " If you cared for mo, you would not send v,! me away like this," he said. ! He never forgot the face she turned towards • V him—a face transfigured by a love and pity that was half divine. :■ * f Oh, yes,.I would—I would," she cried. _ /.'Because—I care." And then she dropped her face between her ~ hands; but he was too angry to dream of * what die really meant. ^ "I will go," he said, trying to speak calmly. \- "I will go back to England at your bidding/1 will do what you tell me—J?ut I shall never forget. And if ever you want mc, I will come. . Bat I will not come to you again unless you . want me, unless ycu send for me." "And that I shall never do," Margaret answered. He turned and left her without another ' word. The. boat from the English ship was . already on the beach; and the voice of Captain Roberta of the Aurora shouted a greeting to him as he stood along towards the bungalow. ' 'Paul joined him, and briefly reeouuted the ; story of the past few months;.then went to his roomio pack his portmanteau. And in- the meantime, Margaret stood \- motionless, with her eyes filling with tears, which presently made their way unheeded down her fair palo cheeks. "He should not • have asked me!" she murmured to herself. •" He ought to have known. And now I shall be left quite aloje—alone—with Maidic. But I have my work—at any rate, I have my jroik!" 