SYBIL GHASE j OR THE GAMBLER'S WIFE. CHAPTER XJ.I ; [ THE'.FEMALE.iAOO.,, ', v! ; ','. The engagement between Laurence and Margaret- Waring had .'.been |a family affair, and brought about iprinci-; pally by the romance of a maiden aunt;, with whom the young woman was a favourite..- :, . ' ;,-,' . ;..: Edward had been under this ,re1?ir tive's charge after the death of his parents, which occurred during his childhood,' and she had petted and spoiled the boy as only a spinster could have done. , ' Mr. Waring, the uncle of Margaret, was one of Miss Laurence's neighbours; and, the girl had, almost. been as; great a favourite with the spinster as her own nephew, ? , ; Indeed,, it was said that Mabel Laur ence had loved Margaret's father in her youthful days ; but how that might be no one well knew, for the old maid wisely kept her own secrets, as women, after all, are apt to do when there is nothing to gratify the vanity in them. But it happened that the boy and girl were reared up almost like brother and sistef, and the two houses were al most equally homes to both. Kdward, then a youth of twenty, was travelling in Europe, and by one of the old lady's last commands was to remain there at least a year longer. When the will was opened, it was found to con tain a singular clause — one common enough in novels, and as the spinster had been an insatiable devourer of light literature, it is quite probable that she derived from thence the idea which was expressed in the testament. Her fortune, which was a very large one, was divided equally between her nephew and Margaret YVaring, on con dition that they became husband and wife'; otherwise, there was no provision made for Margaret, and a small annuity was left to Laurence. Now, I am not drawing upon my imagination for these details. J»fjss Laurence was convinced that Margaret and her nephew had loved each other from childhood, so she believed herself acting for their own happiness. The year passed. Jvdward Laurence returned home when Mapgnret was seventeen ; the engagement had been regarded as a settled thing. The ?young people loved each other — there could be no doubt of that. Two vears before the commence ment of this record, Mr. Waring had to go to the south fpy lite health, and it was necessary to provide a companion tor Margaret during his absence, gome people introduced Sybil Chase, and she spent the winter in the family. From the time of her entrance into that house could be dated the real un happine6» of the young pair, Sybil had been brought up by a bad, unprincipled mother, educated far be yond what the woman's means could permit, and for what end only her own erratic mind ever knew. We will not inquire too closely into the records of that Bohemian life. It is sufficient for our story that she at length took up her residence with Mar garet Waring, just as that young lady's engagement to young Laurence became known. How it came about, Margaret could never have told ; but before she was many weeks in the house, Sybil Chase had made herself of the utmost impor tance there. When Margaret had time to think, she felt a certain unaccountable repug nance to Sybil ; yet in her society there was a charm which few people could have resisted. With all the wild fervour of her passionate youth, Sybil became fatally attached tp young Laurence; yet so firm was her self-command, so deep her powers of duplicity, that ghe gaye no sign of the passion that consumed her. In the depths of her soul she was /' resolved that ths man she loved should ? never fulfil his engagement ; but just as she was beginning to weave her meshes around him, Mr. Waring returned home, broke up his establishment, and proceeded with his daughter on a long tour through the West Indies and Southern States, Once more this singular young crea ture was thrown back upon her mother's support. An imperfect re conciliation took place between them, and she sank gradually into her old life, which became more and more irk some from contact with persons so un like those with whom she had been recently associated. With her mind in this restless state, she heard that young Laurence had followed his betrothed to Cuba, in which place the marriage had taken place. The news stung her to madness. In the first paroxysm of wounded affection and mortified pride, she fell in with Philip Yates, married him privatoly, and ran away. In two years she came back to her mother again, but to be the protectoi, not the dependent, now. She had money, which was shared generously with the old woman, but, in a short time, this constant companion ship with an unrefined and evil-minded woman became unendurable. Sybil was in no filate of mind to accept the dull life presented in the companion ship. While this fervour was strong upon her, the met Laurence in the street. ?She .choked down the passion that swelled in her throat, and inquired kindly if his wife had been seriously in. ?-..:... Laurence laughed. 'Wife,' he answered, colouring a little. 'Oh, Maggie and I are not married yet. The old gentleman says that we are young enough to wait.' Sybil's heart bounded in her bosom. .Her eyes flashed — she could not al together conceal the triumph of her j°y- , ' Are you ever coming to see Mar garet?' he said. ; ' Margaret—- Margaret Waring? Oh, ?yes' . ? '? '.' ?'.?,' '.;. '.'? I 'VThe old gentleman is seriously ill jagain. ? You ought to come. He often isays no one ever proved so good a nurse as you.' | ,!' The good and generous old man. il.will go to him.' I ; She went to Waring's .house the next 'day,' and stayed, there. , ;. U.Mr. -Waring was ill and selfish; he ''would not let her go away. , .'?'? ' She yielded with apparent reluctance, and commenced her i work. ; , By her soft words, broken' sentences, and subtle looks, Margaret and Laur ence had, become almost, completely estranged, and nothing but the per suasion of mutual friends prevented their, breaking. the engagement which bound them., , Sybil looked on and waited, fostered .their difficulties, and watched for the 'moment that should secure the victory to her love. : She was greatly aided by the manner in which their betrothal had been brought about, the. consequences of which had been exactly those a wise person would have anticipated. The romance of an involuntary en-, gagerrent wore rapidly away. Both were pained, and each blamed the other for things which were at once the fault and the misfortune of a forced position. Margaret was proud and exacting, morbidly sensitive, and her high spirit revolted at the idea of submission. On the other hand, Edward was os passionate and imperious as he could possibly be; his temper was violent, and when that was roused, he gave way to every reckless word that anger could susaest. The young girl- grew cold and un sympathetic, careless of exciting his rage, bub often taking refuge in an icy impassibility, which excited him more than any recrimination would have done. A stubborn, obstinate will de veloped itself in her character, against which the waves of her lover's passions beat in vain ; but that resolution sepa rated then: still further. All this had been the growth of Sybil's subtle influence. For the first, period of their engagement they had been very happy. Had tney both been older and wiser, both parties might have done much towards changing the state of things. Margaret was made to believe that her lover had ceased to care for her, and wished to continue his engagement only that he might tyrannise and com mand. ? Her health had become delicate, the bloom of early girlhood was fading, and although still very lovely, she had learned to think her beauty gone, and decided that with it all affection had departed from the heart of her be trothed. He was irritated by the indifference with which she treated every attempt at a reconciliation, and the violence of his temper increased in proportion to the nain of his position. They suffered greatly, those poor, blind creatures. Daily the cloud which had descended upon their home grew blacker, and swept them still further apart, The marriage of this young couple had been deferred from various causes, the principal one belonging to Mr. Waring's frequent illness and the deli cate state in which Margaret's health, had fallen during the past year. Laurence almost made his borne at the house, and as he had no profession or settled business, he found more time than was requisite for making himself miserable, and gave way to all manner of repinings. During her former residence at Waring's house, it had thanced that Hinclilev had never seen Sybil Chase. and her very existence was almost un kno'vn to him, before that introduction on the hillside. Thus she had no fears of a recognition, or that her face would bring back to him that fearful night in the valley ranch. With her cheeks as fresh as the roses, Miss Chase descended the stairs, went forth to the garden, and pro ceeded to the rose thickets, looking beautiful and bright as the dewy scene that surrounded her. She had a basket on her arm, a pair of scissors in her hand, and daintily snipped off the stem of such blossoms as pleased her. Occasionally, in the midst of her employment, Miss Chase glanced to wards the hall door. The first person who had appeared was Mr. Laurence He saw Sybil, and walked towards her, Miss Chase was greatly occupied just then, and gave no attention to his approach. ' Good morning,' he said; 'are you talking so sweetly with those roses that you can neither see nor hear ? ' 'lam trying to steal their colour,' she said, with an honest sort of frank ness that was very captivating. 'Look at this bud, Mr. Laurence; did you ever see anyihina so beautiful?' ' Lovely, indeed j you perceive you were ovev fastidious about giving away your flowers last nii-ht. Margaret did not prize them as highly as you ex pected.' ' What proof have you ? ' ^ 'She gave one to Hinchley.' 11 Oh. vps. sn elif- Aid : hut Yip is a relative, remember.' . 'Who ever supposed he was any thing else ? ' ' Oh, I thought— that is, from the way you spoke — ' , * . ' What did you think ? ' ' That you were not very pleased, if I must say il.' 844 'I thought very little about the matter. I have no fancy for setting up as a pale-faced Othello.' ' Oh, dear, I should hope not ; there would be nobody but me to play Emilie, and I should certainly run away, instead of standing by poor Des demona. But I have to beg your par don for my absurd mistake.' ' What do you mean ? ' ' For thinking you were displeased. I might have known you had more sense, but I have seen men who would have pouted for a week over, a trifle of less consequence.' ' Did you think it wrong ? ' 11 No, but I am not a proper judge.1' I suppose every wife ought to be ex ceedingly careful ; but then is a woman to be deprived of every bit of sentiment and romance ? ' ' ' I don't think Margaret is addicted to either. I should be sorry to believe it' ! 'And I, too. But I must take my basket of flowers into the house ; don't stand here fighting shadows, Mr. Laurence.' ? I' I am not aware that I have been doing battle with any such unsubstan tial thing,' he answered. Miss Chase turned towards the house ; he followed, but with a new train of thought awakened in his mind. He accompanied Sybil into the breakfast-room, helped her to arrange the flowers, and in the process they fell into a pleasant conversation. It was a full half-hour before Hinchley or Mar garet made their appearance. A great deal can be done in that' length of time, especially when econo mised with as much wisdom as Sybil Chase was capable of employing. ' — ?? ' - ? . CHAPTER XI J. MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. Soon after breakfast Hinchley and Laurence rode over to a neighbouring town upon some business for Mr. Waring, leaving the two ladies alone. Miss Chase and Margaret still sat in the breakfast room, the latter pretend ing to read the paper from very weari ness and disinclination to talk, while Sybil had some embroidery in her hand, and, under cover of that employ ment, watched her companion with keen scrutiny. ' I am seized with a fever,' she ex claimed suddenly. ..????'? Margaret looked up and smiled a little. ; ; 'What is the name of it?' she. asked. ' One common enough to us poor, weak women — I want a new spring dress. If it were not for leaving vou alone, I am inclined to run inbo town and make a purchase.' 'Do not let me detain you,' re turned Margaret, feeling so ill at ease with herself and every person around her, that she was pleased with this pro spect of solitude. ' I suppose the gentlemen will very soon return.' 'I am sure I do not know,' she an swered, indifferently. 'You will not feel lonely if I ga ? ' 'Pray do not think me so foolish.' 'You knowtha.t I like to sit with you, Miss Waring/' ' ' But to-day go to town and shop if the mania has taken possession of yon. By the way^ if you see any pint'. organdy, you may purchase it for me, and leave It a'; Mrs. Forrest's, to be made uj\ I temember now, a new dress is the very thing I want.' ' I had be'tter dress at once ; let me see, the tray.i starts at eleven. I shall be m town, at two o'clock.' ' Oh, y^s ; before, perhaps.' ' Hawi you any other command ? ' she ask/id, pleasantly. 'Nbne, thank you; what a fine day you will have.' i ''Oh, lovely ; good morning.'* Margaret returned this fareweSl, and Miss Chase took her departure. There the unhappy girl remained, and let the hours float on while she gave herself up to a thousand bitter reflections. How the promise of her girlhood had cheated her ! The affection which she had believed was to brighten all coming years, was rapidly fading from her life. While Margaret indulged in that mournful reverie, Sybil Chase was on her way to the city, smiling and pleas ant, affable to every one that came in her way, as she drove over to the station. Cheerful and handsome she looked, sitting in the train, and being whirled rapidly along the pretty route on her way to town. She reached the city even earlier than she anticipated, and went about her errands at onces with her accus tomed straightforwardness. When she had completed her pur chases, Miss Chase !. took her way to a retired and somewhat unpleasant part of the town. She hjad her veil drawn, and hurried quickly! along as if anxious not to be observed by any chance or other acquaintance., She stopped before a decent-looktng tenement-house, ascended the steps, glanced about with (her usual caution to see that no one wasi watching her, and entered the hall. 1 She mounted the weary staircase, whiich appeared inter minable, passed through several dark entries, and at length knocked at one of the doors which opened into a pas sage nearest the roof. 'Come in, can't you; the door is not locked.' So Miss Chase turned the knob, opened the door, and entered a small, plainly-furnished room, bearing no evi dence of the extreme poverty which oftentimes makes the tenement-house so drearv. i A woman was seated near the little window, in a stiff-back chair. 'So you've come/' was her only salutation. 'Yes; did you expect me ?' ' I expected you three days ago,' ' I was constantly occupied ; it was impossible for me totgst here.' . 'You need not lie,' returned' the woman, curtly. ' I won't,' said Sybil, serene as ever. ' She seated herself opposite the Co male, and untied her bonnet-strings. .,,', The woman looked keenly at her, and a strange sort of affectionate look crept overher whole face. '.' , ;'V .-,. ' You're , brooding mischief,' she pronounced suddenly and emphatically; as 'if 'she would' permit -'no contra diction. « ? . , ' ; '],'?' :)''-' .(,.' What .makes , you think so ? ''-Sybil then1 exclaimed;':- ??'.rjj ??;'..?' ? ??- v :' '; ' fCause;,, you ;' grow ' good-looking ; when you: get' the1, bright,' 'contented look, I .always know, there'ssomething inthewind.' '? ??-?'??? :;:V; .:,:yiu-r, ,,,u\\\ '''Yoq'.are verj 'wise,' replied ' Sybilj evincing no displeasure at .trie accu sation. .;.?. i ;:.-;??,?'?,:?; ? .?..-'? ---f-i\ . ???:,. ;.:,.;.- . 'Yes, I ain't' blind'; I've .generally kept my eyes open going; through this world.'.-, ',.; ,?.,;;-;./ .-,-.? ?.C;;;^.i'':;''' ? 'That- is '.the only way, ifvone does not wish to run against the wall.' ' ???; 'As you '.did 'once,' 'retorted the woman, with ,'a.ctiuckle; -M you know you did that, cute as you think your self.' ?;', ??/'?'?;}??' »?-??:?;: ???:.-?: ??'! sybil did not answer, but shrugged her shoulders slightly, and 'gazed out of the window, occupied; with her own re flections. ' ':''.'- ?'?'?? '' :J '' ^'/\ /;'''[[ ' ' Now, don't act as if I was a log of wood,'; said the woman,, fretfully. ' There is nothing makes makes me so mad.'.., ;' f, ?''.. ' _:'t '? , ;\ ;'?' !,'.v' ; ?;?; 'I was waiting to hear what you would say next.' .??'????. ?-.'??????. ' What did you come for r'1 ?? ' To see you, of course. I came because I thought you wanted some: thing.' ??':.'? ! ' ?' ? . 'You should have brought me some money, three days ago.; I hate to be behindhand with my rent ' - ?: ' Surely you ought to have enough for that; you know how little money' I possess.'. -....' ? .... ,.'? .''?.'. . 'Fiddle-de-dee! Ask that Laurence for some.' . ; ; ' I cannqi do that You.must sec how impossible it is.' ,: ..-.. ' There is nothing impossible where money is concerned. But no matterj take your own way.' ?'. ,',''v ? . ' It is growing clear,' said Sybil. , ' Time it did ; you've made mistakes enough.' ?;. ; t ' , Sybil did not . appear 'desirous, of pursuing thie conversation.; She took out her purse and counted several gold pieces into her palm, while ' the old woman watched her with covetous eyes. ' /'????.?? ?' -? ?' ? 'That will serve you until I come again,' she said,. extending her hand. 'That is safe,' said the old woman, more complacently ; the touch of the money had evidently mollified her feelings. : : -..?' ' Now, let us [talk about something else — about your plans,' say.' ?? 'I cannot answer your questions'; everything is dark yet— a few months will decide.' t . : o ? 'Don't you get. careless, you know.' ' There is no fear of that ; I am not a child,' ?'?'...'. .-.'.: ' No ; and you have learned by the hardest means.' ' Do not ever speak of the past ; I can bury it now ; I have buried it 1 ' '?' W^lli it is a dead friend I guess you are not sorry to be1 rid of !' Sybil looked white; her eyes had a strained, unnatural expression, and her hands clenched together with the old force and tightness. ' It is all over — all over!' ' Nothing to be afraid of I suppose, unless you believe in ghosts and such things.' Sybil's face changed ; she dropped her hands ; the colprcame back to her cheeks— she laughed outright, a defi ant, mocking laugh. 'Not at all; no ghost will trouble me — not even his !' 'Tell me a little how things go on/' The woman drew, close to her visi tor and inclined her head to listen at tentively. ; She noted every word and move ment, while a. bad expression crept over her face, until it seemed impossi ble that it should ever have looked comply or pleasant Sometiaies she nodded approvingly ; once she laughed outright. Sybil put up her hand to check the merriment, which would have grated harshly upon a less well-attuned ear than hers. ' I must go now ; I shall not be back by dinner-time as it is;' said Sybil. ' I should be there; there is much I could do,' said the woman. ' I know that, if you could only con trol your temper.' 'Never. you fear me ; I can do that easy enough if there is anything to be gained by it.' ' One never knows what may hap pen. Always keep yourself in readi ness to obey rny summons.' ' I could start at any moment. 'We shall be obliged to wait ; an opportunity may arise by which, I could introduce you to the house.' 'Make the opportunity. A smart, woman can always do that.1! 'Ah, you have not my prudence.' 'I guess you learned. it lately ; but we won't quarrel. If I'm required I'll come.' ' You would not care in what way ; you would not mind the occupation ?' 'Bless you, no1. I'm good at any thing — general housework, cooking ; it's all fish that comes to niy basket.' 'Good-by!' said Sybil; 'I shall miss the train if I stop another mo ment.' . ' ''. '?'?'. : The woman followed her. to. the, door, gave some added parting ad-j vice, and watched her disappear down stairs, ? ?...-.- | 1 Then she returned td the room and '- set about preparing .herself a cup of: tea, chuckling occasionally in a sharp way, like a meditative macaw, )ookjng so unpleasant the while that a timid' individual would have been reluct-, ant to remain alone in the room with her.-.— To be Continued S C 6 * 