The Nambucca Ghost. — ' ; 'Twas in the witching hour oi nignt, Upon a lonely track I met the ghost Of one I knew Had gone' to where none come back. His teeth was set, his face was pale, His hair was white as snow, His form a blue transparency Of a supernatural glow. ' . With fright I tried to turn away- And fain would I. have fled ; But motionless I liad to stay And staiid'b'efore ttie dead. ; He beckoned me to follow hence, As through the bush he led Me to a sawmill paddock feii'ce And thus to me he said. Tho' , I am dead I cannot rest . On that celestial shore. ; ..... The crimes of men, yet unconfessed, Make me return onice more, . . To walk the- earth and. view ; the spot Where I had hoped .to . see; The yiliage, of Nambucca Heads. A township by the sea.\ But tho' I only left the earth A little while ago, . A lot, of things ! have found out, They 'wouldn?t let me know. For when I slip' t my mortal coil En route for regions high, . I saw. the spring of all my toil Would Yery sopn run dry. I saw the mill was not at work All dormant as could be ; To hear the saw not cutting, Was butting unto me. I saw the shop front painted, , And Ah ! it grieved me sore, To see the place vacated, And no one in the store. I saw the baker's oven . Had ceased tp bake the bread. I looked at .Copenhagen ; And. laughed, to see it dead. I went: up to the Temperance Hall And saw the church bell broke, I tried to ring a ring or two, But it wouldn't ring a stroke. I found the Hall door open And so I went inside. I found the windows broken, And all left open wide. On the floor I found a hymn book— My favourite old church praise, And I saw a naughty picture Drawn upon the sacred page. I sat down at the organ And tried to play a hymn. Oh! base contamination, The thing was full of sin. ThO' the keys I fingered rightly, With a: touch that ne'er was false, The only thing that it would play, Was nothing but a waltz. Oh Sacrilege personified, : Where will ye wicked go, Who thus torment1 the glorified -That comie again below. For all the gold for which I toiled, And a.ll that's in Mount Morgan, I'd rather give than they had spoiled The morals of that organ. Vile and poluted melody, You ne'er again shall swell Another note of harmony, To the dancing strains of Hell. Your vamp again at social hops, I'll stop with glue and gore, And thus unto'your many stops, I will add one stop more. And you young' men I charge thee, To keep a'keeii look out, For crimes are bft committed ' That no one knows about. There tvas one day. a new b,o,rp kid That hadn't gat a pa, . . In a little :bqx' with a painted lid It floated o'er the bar. It's not all gold comes from the creek, For one night on the road, I saw a vaninan coming in That had a sugar lode. And many: funny deeds are done , Beneath a scheduled file, , That Satin laughs, and thinks it fun To watch 'em stow their pile. I am the vampire qf the just, And with my power and might I'll grind the wioked into dust, And bring their deeds to light. And if ye people doubt my powei, I give to ye this knell, That in the lonely mindight hour, Shall vampires ring yon bell. The ghost his skinny hand he drew Across his pallid face, Then waved to ipe a brief adieu, And vanished into space. MEDIUM. Nambuooa, April 20th. 