THE STORY 01" llltW FAInFn. (BY JOSEPH HOoKInG.) BOOK II. PREPARIn FOR His WORK. CHAPTER X"V.-aontinuez. 'This world is nothin',' replied :elenry; 'or rather, it is a howlin' wilderness; we walk, as it were in a vain show. As I' mentioned jist now-' ' Nothin' is worth a thought beneath, But how I-' ' ' You don't believe in that,' said Andrew. 'I don't believe in it !' said Henry, with a gasp. ' Don't believe in it !' 'Certainly you don't. . You know you don't. If you ; do,. why are you so anxious to make money ? You know there's not a man in the parish keener at a bargain than you are. If nothing is worth thinking about down here except getting to heaven, why in the world do you spend so much time attending to the affairs of tho body ?' Henry was fairly nonplussed. He had quoted these lines a hundred times, never thinking about their meaning or truth, and now when this young follow had so coolly told him that his faith was as nothing, he was unable to recover himself for a little time. ' Come,' continued Andrew, ' I don't want to quarrel with you about your religion. But of this I am sure : we both agree at heart that God wants us to be happy while we remain down here. You know that Jesus Christ took care of people's bodies as well as their souls. He fed the hungry, He cured the diseased, He tried to pour some brightness into people's lives. Now I take it that the best Christian is the man who tries to do what Jesus Christ did. Now just ask yourself, what would He do if He lived here to-day ? Well, I believe He would try and give the people better houses to live in, He would give them com fortable furniture, pictures on their walls, just the same as you have got on yours, only I don't believe He'd paint the cows green and the horses blue, as yours .are. Then, again, I believe He would try to give them some place of meeting other than the public house. He would seek to give them other amusements than those found in the ale-house kitchen. Mr. Yelland, if we are Christians, we shall do what Jesus Christ would do.' Henry stared wonderingly at An drew during this long speech. Was this young man mad ? Whoever heard that religion was to provide club-rooms and means of amusement ? Whoever heard that religion had to do with people's bodies ? What had re lgion got to do with the houses of the people ? He had always been in the habit of preaching, " Only believe, and you shall be saved, And heaven is yours for ever." He had thought of trying .to get this young man converted. . Was he sure that he was the better man of the two ? And then he reflected that works were as but filthy rdgs, and was comforted. / ' My dear young mai,' he said at length, you are sadly'mistaken.' ' Am I,' replied Andrew; 'then I should be very glad if you'd put me right.' / 'If you'd seenthe glorious revivals we've hnd up /here, you would not talk like you have been doing.' ' I'vo not a word to say against re vivals,' replied Andrew. ' Anything that will stir up these people to think of things other than tlose of which they are con stantly thinking is good. But what I want to see is the practical results of your revivals. I will admit there are a large number of good people in the parish, but I have likewise been amazed by the im morality which exists. You know it is a fact that the converts of one winter are the backsliders of the next, and that out of a great number who pro fess conversion only a few remain" Christian.' Henry sighed. This was true. The young man had put his finger oh a great weakness. S'And it is no wonder,' continued Andrew. ' No wonder! How ?' ' Because nothing is done for them. Excepting one night a fortnight your Schapel and schoolroom doors are closed from Sunday to Sunday,, and these j people can go whore they like. What wonder, amidst the loneliness of their life, that they seek diversion in ways that lead them astray !' 'There be the class meetin's, young man.' ' Do many go to them, pray ?' Henry shook his head. . 'Very few,' he muttered. ' I wont to one,' Andrew continued. ' Old Amos Crews took me.' ' You went to a class meetin' ! Aw, yes, I heord about it.' ' Well, I don't wonder that young people don't care about going. The leader had prepared nothing' that would interest or help. -He simply droned out a few worn-out plati tudes.' ' He spoke as the Spirit gave h;im utterance, young man.' Andrew was silent. An answer sprang to his lips, but he did not give utterance to it. It would seem irre verent. ' The only power to save is religion, young man,' asserted Henry. ' I agree with you,' replied Andrew, ' but it must be a real ieligion---a re ligion touching every phase of life, and fathoming the deepest human needs. A religion like you were tell ing me about in that hymn you quoted is a caricature of real religion.' Henry would have replied, but he heard his daughter coming into the house. ' Will you use your influence, and get your Church to take ?up this matter?' Andrew asked, seeing him hesitate. 'No, young man. Our chapel and schoolroom was built as the house of God." I will never consent for it to become a clubroom.' Both church and chapel had1 refused him, then, for he know that Henry Yelland was as much a master at the chapel as the rector wvas at the church. Certainly the leaders of religion were against him. Andrew enjoyed his tea thoroughly. Certainly Henry was a poor exponent of his religion, if that religion was the one expressed in Charles Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with good food. A great ham, meat pasties, the remains of a hugo chicken pie, and abundance of clotted cream were placed on the table, while cakes and tarts wero brought forward in great varieties. Certainly, whatever might be the condition of the poor farm labourer, Mr. Yelland fared sumptuously every day. After tea the family went to chapel, Andrew being placed in Henry's pew. He found the place nearly full, and unusual interest was manifested. Andrew found that the church had been trying to ' get up a revival,' and on this night they expected a break down among the unconverted. Henry preached a remarkable sor mon, and on this occasion made a great effect. I will not try and reproduce it. Lf I did I should be accused of irre verence, for many of his statements would shock many who have never attended a revival meeting in Loam shire. He took for his text, 'The wages of sin is death,' and spent his whole powers in trying to tell the meaning of death, which in his con ception was a conscious eternal torture. He quoted the Methodist catechism, which said that the wicked would be punished in hellbyhaving their bodies tormented by fire, and their souls by a sense of the wrath of God. He, more over, enlarged on the idea that these torments would last for ever and ever. And yet the man who preached this could crack a joke with the best at the right time,-that is to say, on holiday occasions, market days, sales, and so on, while he could eat roast beef and plum pudding with a splendid appe tite. At length the sermon came to an end, and the prayer meeting com menced. Now came the time when the Loamshire character shone out. A great fear, almost amountingto a panic, had laid hold of many of the people, who commenced to groan. There was manifest sincerity, too, and a serious look settled on their faces. And this was scarcely wonderful. Fancy, if you can, a place nearly ten miles from a gas lamp, where the people had been taught for long generations to believe in ghosts, apparitions, satanic visitations, and so forth, and then think of the effect of preaching fearful doctrines. * Moreover, it was a dark night, and some had to go long dis tances alone. Every bush would be an unearthly visitant, every sound the footstep of the dead. The hymns theysang, too, were calculatedto arouse every bit of latent superstition in their natures. Andrew listened in wonder. The people did not sing unmusically, but the words were terrible, 'We shall see the Judge descending, Tn that great day, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet Shall go sounding through the vale. ' We shall see the graves all opening In the old churchyard, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, etc. ' We shall hear the devils howling In that great day, 'Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, etc.' These words were set to a weird, creepy kind of music, and as at the close of each verse nearly the whole congregation burst forth with the following refrain: 'Turn, poor sinner, and escape eternal fire, For you'll have to stand the fire in that great day' Andrew beegan to feel something of the influence of a revival meeting. And yet there were no penitents. The truth was the people were accus tomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted an influence, many regarded it as a matter of course. As the meeting went on the noise became great. One or two commenced to shout, three or four prayed at one time, until quiet thought was almost impossible. I will not describe this meeting fur ther, or I shall, perchance, be accused of dealing flippantly with a solemn theme. For the same reason I will not relate the conversation which fol lowed by some of the principal mem bers of the Church. At the same time, if I am to tell the story of Andrew Fairfax, I must necessarily 'refer to this part of his life. Neither would I be accused of lack of sym pathy with religious revivals,-nay, I have every .belief in them, provided they are genuine. Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind of meet ing I have described. The people were not very susceptible to finer influences, and their very condition of life had rendered them so sluggish and lethargic that only those influences which appealed to their grosser natures had much effect upon them. Andrew, however, did hot find the meeting helpful. To the young man whose surroundings had been different, and whose intellect had been trained, the teaching and general influence were repugnant. So much was this so that when he was asked about his own spiritual condition, he was led to give expression to some very strong words. He told these people that their con ception of God and religion was op posed to what was best and truest, and that its power would grow less year by year. The young man left the chapel with a bad name, and it, was hinted that any one holding such opinions as his was sufficient to kill any re vival. Andrew wont home with a sad heart. He felt as though he could do nothing. The clergyman had declined to help him; the people at the chapel evidently regarded him as a dangerous young man. Meanwhile the villagors dragged out a weary, painful existence. They had nothing that gave interest to their lives, nothing to refine or ennoble them. As for their future, only a painful old ago and the workhouse stared them in the face. .It is true that both church and chapel existed, but what did they do ? The former adhered to ancient forms and conventional methods, but it had lost touch with the people. The groat vault-like building was opened only one day a week, and then it was nearly empty. As for the chapel, there were activity and earnestness, but the work done awas one-sided and inefficient. The people did not seem to realize that the same laws prevailed in the spiritual os in the natural realm, and thus life was without its true joy. They cared a great deal about saving people from loll and getting them to heaven, but as to trying to make this world less like hell and more like heaven, by bettering the ph'ysical and soeial conditions of thoe people, they did not regard that as a part of their religion. For weeks together therowas nothing to interest or.amuse great numbers of the people, and thus somehow they lost grip of that which was purely emotional. No doubt both chapel and church did an amount of good, but they both lacked that social element, that re gard for this work-a-day world, whereby they could have been a great power of good. 'Oh,' thought Andrew, 'if some broad-minded young curate and some thorough- going minister could come to these places of worship, and then unitedly go to work, what a change could be wrought here! Religion could be made a thousand times more to them than it is now-but it cannot be. I suppose. What's to be done, then?' He stopped a minute in the road, as if a thought had struck him. ' Yes, I'll go,' he said to himself; ' I will. She paid but little attention to my letter, but if I can see her, surely she will listen, even although she thinks I am perforce a farm servant.' ' Is that you, Mr. Fairfax ?' A man had overtaken him and spoken thus to him. ' I've bin wantin' to speak to you oal' day,' he went on. ' My two children be very bad; they're chucked up in the throat, and old Beans ev gived me noatice to laive. What I'm to do I doan' knaw.' CHAPTER XV. FACE TO FAGE. ' So to begin at the beginnin' An' come directly to the pint, I think the country's underpinnin' Is some consid'blo out o' joint. I ain't a-goin' to try your patience By tellin' who done this or that; I don't make no insinooations,- I jest let on I smell a rat.' -BhoLow PArPES. Andrew recognised the man. He was a pooi' fellow whose house was in a miserable condition, and whose family, seven in number, had to sleep in the same room. He had sought to befriend him in many ways, and so, no doubt, 1Mr. Beans had singled hira out for special dealing. ' Have you paid the rent regular ?' asked the young man. \- ' Iss, sur, I have.' ' Then why is he turning you out ?' ' Aw, I'm 'fraid he do know as 'ow you've him kind to me. Better you'd left me alone; 'cause if you had, I shud still ev bin able tp stay on, and bad as 'tes, 'tes better than the side of the hadge.' ' I don't know. Your children are ill, you say ?' ' I'm 'fraid they've got that 'theria.' ' And no doubt it's the house that has given it to them. Do you know of another house empty ?' ' Iss, sur, ther's wawn; but that's a high rent, and do belong to a lady, so 'tes no good.' 'And that's the only house ?' 'Ther's anothrbout a mile away; but the house is a big one. I cuddn't pay the rent.'; 'Well, ,w'll see. When are, you supposel to leave ?' ' Christmas.' ' Well, 'don't trouble about that. Have you had the doctor for your children ?' ' No, I caan't. I hain't go a penny more'n what'll buy a bit of summin to aint. Besides, he do live five mile away.' 'Go and fetch him. I'll see that he's paid.' ' Oa, the Loard bless 'ee, sur; but th'oull Bains'll serve you out some how.' ' Well, let him. But stay, here's a sovereign. If the doctor will not come otherwise, pay him on the spot.' The man hurried away with tears in his eyes, while Andrew walked on thinking deeply. 'Thank God that editor has sent me those cheques,' he muttered. "I shall certainly be able to do some thing; but--what I can do is nothing compared with what Miss Lezant ought to do. Shall I go to-night? It's Sunday, but ' He hesitated a second, and then turned his face towards the great house. He was not long in reaching it, and was quickly admitted. Once inside the great house, Andrew forgot social distinctions,-forgot that it was Sun day. The agonised voice of poor Bill Watts rang in his ears, while the pri ture of the miserable cottages of the poor farm labourers appeared before him. (To bo continued.) 