& |jte and ^onrmcitls. B* ROYAL BLEND. THE estimated value of the stock massing annually through the Chicago stock yards is £1-6,000,000. No 2 bore on Murweh station, in the Charleville district, has struck water at a depth of 1780 feet, the estimated flow being 500,000 gallons daily. ' THE way to Bleep, says a scientist, is to think of nothing. Unless business and . the season improves some soon, we need only think of our bank accounts when we want to | fall asleep. _ As American paper says that a New York firm ran a large invoice of valuable cigars . into England by putting them in a box under a false bottom, with rattlesnakes on top. The customs officials did not wish to investigate. They had evidently uot been used to seeing I snakes THE first team of cricketers to visit Australia from Engird came outundertl.e captaincy of H. H. Stephenson so far back as 1861* Australia did not return the compliment j until seventeen years later. THE English jockey, T. Loates, had no fewer than 520 mounts between March 20 and August 25 ^elusive) last andtovahod iirst on 134 occasions. In 434 races, M. Cannon won HI times; G. Barrettbad 91wms ] for 386 rides; and J. Watts won 64- out of 225 j races he rode in. A cbusabe against gambling of all BOrts. sweeps, totalieators (not church bazaars), and freehold property distributions has been | started in Brisbane, and the dailies have letters . on the matter every issue. THE report and balance-sheet of the ' Queensland National Bank, Limited, for the half-year ending 30th of June last has been | published. The net profits for the half-yoiir amounted to £7619, which will be earned for ward to the next half-year. THE Chinese have good war ships, but the trouble is said to be that their saiTors leave them when they hear that fighting is to j be done. This shows great prudence on the ( part of the sailors, but it is rather a disad vantage to the Government. ! DUBING the late session of Parlia ment Mr. C. Powers spoke 287 times, the Pre mier 239, the Minister for Lands 146, the | Colonial Secretary 145, the Colonial Treasurer 140 Mr. M. Heid 127. Mr. Kerr spoke 43 times, and Mr. Cameron spoke 8 tiroes. Messrs. ' Uattersby.and Lord never si>okc at all. MACHINES ior making boots have been so highly developed, that in New xojb a j pair of boots has been actually made, from beginning to end, including the sewing on of the buttons and the packing of the pair in the box, in the almost incredibly Bhort tune of less than sixteen minutes. I EIGHTY thousand _ men were, it is ? said, occupied seven years in erecting King i Solomon's Temple. The Meat 21-storey Masonic Temple in Chicago, which is nearly three tunes tiie height of King Solomon's, was, says an American contemporary, " run up by less than 1,000 men in two years.'' PERHAPS the queerest of all the I wedding presents that the Duchess of York has received is an Irish spinning-wheel, sent to her by the Hibernian colony m Glucago. llie | whole machine is made of bog oak, and the spindle is part of a rebel Irish pike, tlie head of , ?which drew blood at Vinegar Hill in 1798. j AN excellent way to cure insomnia is to bandage the eyes with a handkerchief before retiring. The compress seems to drive away the blood from the eyes, and BO to cure, or at least, temporarily relieve that feeling so often experienced by insomniacs of trying to see in tliO dark. This is said to be even more reliable than going to bed with Hansard. THE export of brick tea from China to Bussia overland is now considerable. A. new form, termed tablet tea, has been mtro-1 duced of late years. It is made of the finer kinds of tea dust, compressed into small cakes like the well- known chocolate-memer cakes. Over 1.0000,000 pounds of this article were ex ported from China last year. This form would be very convenient in Australia. I CONTEMPT of court _ is a serious I offence in Tasmania. A solicitor who had lm- > nuted unjust conduct to a judge was recently Sailed before the full court to ezplain Ins con duct. Although he made a humble apology, he was severely reprimanded by the Chief Justice, and sentenced to a mon& s lmpnson TOPnt and a fine of £50, with a further three .months' imprisonment in default of payment. When « Jack" Miller, Barcaldine'e twuu barber feels disposed to advertise his 1 tSnM8> either in a newspaper or by plml, SSfcytsiSftftawS sa^^mT-SuSSi,»S nomieal Hair-Dresser, Facial Operator, Cra nium Manipulator, and CapiUwy Abnflaer. -a,ir (jutting and Shaving vnth Ambidextrous | Facility." THE Observer's special, in his report on the Factory System in Brisbane, says that some girls take up tailoring work to avoid arrest as vagrants and to escape the ordeal of inspection under the C.D. Act. A lady who has carefully studied the employment of girls in the factories writes :-" I know scores of strong, able-bodied girls who would be thankful for 3s. or 3s. 6d. per week, but they cannot get work." IK New Zealand the backs of postage stamps arc hired out for advertising pur poses. The other day there was a court case, in which a stamped receipt was put in evi j dence dated July, 1892. The magistrate held the document up to the light and was enabled | to read the advertisement. He therefore sent for the person named on the stamp, and found that the advt. didn't appear until February, 1893. The Queen's favorite grandchildren are said to be the Connauglits. She is particu larly proud of young Prince Arthur, now ten and a half years old, who is a sturdy, manly little fellow. The Connaught children are perhaps the prettiest of all the younger mem bers of the Royal family, and they aro also about the most agreeable in temperament, as they seem to have inherited a full share of their parents' kindly and pleasant disposition. "WHAT dreadful language that parrot uses," said a drover to a waitress in a western hotel where he was refreshing re cently. "He's the worst swearer 1 ever heard. It's a wonder the landlord keeps such an awful bird about the place. I suppose he had acquired the habit before he came here." "Ob, no sir," replied the girl, " he was a very nicc, quiet bird when he came here ; but, you see, the master hung his cage up in the parlor where the guests settle their bills." THE good folks of Longreach will not require to come to Barcaldine any more when they feci inclined to go courting. Hitherto they have usually come to the city of scent, but now arrangements have been made by which the business can be done at home. Of course 1 refer to District Courting, not the other (very much other) tiling. IT is recorded that only one English sovereign has reigned longer than Queen Vic toria. Until Tuesday, July 18th, she had two rivals, Henry III. and George III. Now Henry lias been left behind. Four more years on the throne will earn for the Queen the title of Champion British ltulcr. THE Australian girl is a very pre cocious young lady, according to a writer in the North American Review. " In a short skirt, with a plait down its back, young Australia imitates its elders, flirts, falls in love, and sometimes reads and writes funny little love letters in all seriousness, (irown to woman hood, the glitter and glamor of life already tarnished in her sight, she is without reserve, possessed of few illusions and less sentiment; she has arrived at a very good opinion of her self." IN Russia the women are so fond of smoking that the Minister over the railways in that country has ordered the railway officials to add smoking compartments to the pas senger trains lor the use of the ladies. It is said on good authority that nearly all married women in Russia smoke cigarettes, and the unmarried are fast taking to it. In my opinion the women have as much right to smoke as men, in any country, even in Australia, if they want to. It would not be very safe, though, for the girls to ask the men for a match, especially in leap year. WHAT is Socialism ? asks a writer. According to Socialists it is " the expression of the desire of every man to see every other man as well off as himself." A btutal individualist of my acquaintance Bays this ought to be turned upside down and written so as to read : -" The expression of the desire of every man to see himself as well off as some other man" the most highly gifted and fortunate for choice. There is a good deal of solid practical wisdom in this. 1 have often wondered who would sweep the streets under a Socialistic rigime. THE system of giving certificates to good workmen in the shearing shed is (says the Australasian) gaining favor even among the men who have to take them, when so in clined, contrary to a foolish rulu of the Shearers' Union. The fact that the Pastoralists' Union office intends next season to givo pre ference to men with certificates if not alto gether ignore men without them who apply to t/iat efhcc for work at shearing time, leads many to take them. Cases have occurred in sheds near Cobar where, after men have been settled with, they one by one come back " on the quiet" asking for one, and requesting the bookkeeper " not to give them away to the other men." THE other afternoon, during an interval between business, a party of some 1 eight or nine gentlemen were having an ani mated discussion with the occupier of an office in the main street of Barcaldinc. While in the midst of it a lady resident stepped in at the open door and said four words to the crowd. They were very simple ones, and the dullest intellect would understand tbe meaning of each without referring to a dictionary. There was no threat in them, neither was it a startling piece of news. Yet in less than two seconds every man jack of them had disappeared, rushing for the opposite open door, tumbling over each other in their haste, and the owner of the office bringing up the rear, as if the lady had a loaded revolver pointed at them in each hand and threatened to exterminate the lot. The lady merely pleasantly remarked, " I have come begging." Shawas going round hunting up assistance for the forthcoming church bauar. A SWEDISH chemist has discovered that sea water contains alcohol. If this report is credited, property at the seaside will go up in value. Wonder if this lias any connection with the expression, " Half seas over." A good many nippers, with cast-iron throats, would not trouble if there is alcohol in sea water, so long as they don't see water in their alcohol. GUNN, the cricketer, scored over 2000 runs last season, and succeeded five times in scoring over the century in first-class country matches. No mere pop- gun this, but more like a gatling gun. There was never much doubt about his being loaded and ready for battle, this gun ; and the number of halls j lie scattered among the enemy shows he has a | strong arm, if not an Armstrong, to do it with. Now the fly season has set in reme dies for exterminating them are almost as plentiful as the insects themselves. It is stated that a most successful mode of procedure is to obtain a piece of paper, not necessarily of one that has given up the ghost, but a fragment of one very much alive (like the Champion, for instance) would do, and on this has to be spread just a little painter's varnish mixed with treacle. That is the whole process the experimenter has to undertake ; the paper and the flies will do the rest. Any fly alighting on the stuff will get away nevermore. THE Brisbane Sun thinks it not im probable that during Sir Thomas Mcllwraith's stay in England we shall hear something defi nite concerning the Land Grant Railways, and it is not improbable that he retains office as Minister for Railways so that he may the better deal with any offers which may bo sub mitted. Sir Thomas is a man who keeps his own counsel, but we think we shall not be far wrong in saying that by the time Parliament again meets there will be definite proposals for constructing two or more land grant lines, and that all preliminaries will be so arriuigcd that a start will be made as soon as Parliamentary sanction is obtained. IT IS said that two Germans were walking one cold day on the banks of a largo pond, when one of them fell in. He could not swim, and screamed for aid. The other, who was an officer, did not feel inclined to take so cold a plunge, and calmly watched the struggles of the sinking man. All at once the man in the water began to sing a stanza of the "Marseillaise," and the officer jumped >11 forthwith, for his strict orders were to arrest any person whom he heard singing that famous song. The unfortunate citizen was imprisoned for eight months, but that was better than drowning. A BRISBANE mercantile house held an unsettled claim of long standing against a man out west, and, hearing that he was cap able of paying up if he liked, an agent was authorised to interview the debtor and try and get the account paid. The firm in due time received a reply, which effectually laid any hope they might have entertained of receiving their money. The letter was something after this style:-" Gents,-You will never get any spondulicks from Dill Johnson. The under signed hunted him up yesterday and found him with nary tile, his feet upon the earth, and not clothes enough upon liim to wad a gun." AT a church in India, owing to the unavoidable absence of the clergyman, the officer in command of tbetroops present was called upon to conduct the service. He per formed the duties correctly until after the General Confession, when he stood up and commenced to pronounce the Absolution. Dis covering, however, all of a sudden thatnone but an ordained priest should say this, he Btopped, and turning to the congregation, exclaimed, "As you were. It's my mistake." This is as bad as a lay reader in a Western church the other Sunday morning, who commenced pray ing for the " Queensland Parliament at present time assembled." But suddenly rememboring that the House had been prorogued, he stopped with a gruff " hum, hum," and made a lresb start for " all conditions of men." ] IN the early gold-digging days in Australia miners often found themselvos in possession of several thousand pounds, with nothing particular on which to spend it Three of these individuals turned up in Sydney one day and went into an hotel, when, to the astonishment of the landlord, they asked him what he would take for bis hotel, as it stood, including wines, &c.; The landlord did not want to sell his property, but a large sum having been offered him, he accepted. The three men then proceeded to bring up all the champagne they could find in the cellars, which they uncorked and emptied into buckets. Having filled about a dozen large pails, they went to the front of the premises, got two or three swabs, and began cleaning the hotel windows with champagne .' In tma way they amused themselves for an hour, when they re sold the hotel to the landlord, at a considerable reduction, of course, and went their way. LAST JEUNE, a well-known English writer, in an experience of ten years, says she has never known of a single family that has left London to settle in the country. She adds: " The real difficulty in getting poor people to go to the country is the monotony and dulness of the life. No class leads a gayer or more exciting life than the poor, in many ways. The gamin m the London streets spends an ex istence so full of excitement that when he once takes to it there is no getting him to leave it. The isolation of the country, the want of the daily and hourly gossip from door to door, make it very distasteful to the women, while the difficulty of getting supplies and of arrang ing their daily life so as to have some settled time for marketing is almost insurmountable for those who have been accustomed to send round the corner every hour or so for what they want." I GTEOEOE FOBDHAM, the celebrated jockey, who was a great lover of cricket, went several times to see Dr. W. G. Grace play, but could never chance to catch the champion at his best. He said to W. G. once : " Well, I've come to 6ee you play crickct now six times, and you've never got double figures.'' To which the " big 'un's" smart retort was : " Well, George, I have been to see you ride in fifteen Derbies, but I have never seen you win one yet." THIS has been a year of remarkable cricket in England, add a recent match be ween the Great Horton Wesleyan C. C, v. Prospect Wesleyan C. C. produced one of the greatest surprises of the year. This was a single innings match. Great Horton went in first and ecorcd a total of 76 runs. Prospect then went in, and, incredible as it may seem, every member of the team went out for a "duck." An "extra" was scored, however, and, curious to relate, was the very first ball sent down. One of the Great Horton bowlers took five Prospect wickets and another four. A TRACK walker on an American railway (probably what we should call a lengtlisman), was recently killed instantly by an express train at New York. This unfor tunately, remarks a paragrapliist, is not a very uncommon sort of accident, but what makes it remarkable in this case is the fact thatjtho name of the victim was Constant Agony. What will happen among incorrigible punsters who hear of this one shudders to tliink. Tliey will talk of the man's life being at any rate a life of Constant Agony, and they will argue that nobody can lament the extinction of Con stant Agony. Until these punsters have been kindly out firmly strangled, their friends will yet find another life of Constant Agony. IT has been noted that in speaking of Amorican millions and millionaires (here is an advantage in computing it in dollars. An American is a millionaire just five times as easily as an Englisman. In France it is easier still, bccausc it is full five times as easy to be a millionaire in francs as in dollars, still, to be a franc millionaire comes to £40,000 or so, which is very dear when you haven't got the money. A traveller in Malay states that the standard coin in that country is a resinous wafer, ten thousand of which go to a penny. That is the sort of place wherein I might ex perience some hope of being a millionaire my self, with a little care. Only eight and four pence is required, and I think I have the four pence. If ever I have the eight and fourpence I will go. THUS a London paper:-An amus ing story comes from the Antipodes regarding Sir Robert Duff. On the occasion of the new governor visiting the Sydney Zoological Gar dens, his attention was directed to a donkey imported from the Soudan. One of the officials connected "with the gardens informed the governor that the donkey in question was the most expensive animal in the Zoo, having cost about £370,000. On Sir Robert inquiring how it came about that such a large sum was lavished on one animal, it was explained to him that the donkey was the only tangible thing the colony possessed to represent the sum spent on the Soudan expedition. It is added that Sir Henry Parkes, who was of the party, observed that the colony possessed other donkeys who had cost her even more than the Soudan one. | IN a Queensland township there was a very bad slough in wet weather opposite the house of a prominent resident. Of this he had often complained to the Divisional Board, but without receiving attention. It happened one day, after a good fall of rain, that the chair man and a member ot tho Board were driving in a buggy along this particular street, ana upon reaching tho spot so often complained of the vehicle stuck fast in the hole, and the occupants got out and commenced to flounder about in the mud endeavoring to move the buggy. The ratepayer watched the proceed ings from liis verandah for some time, and then remarked to them that "he was very {ileased to see them stirring in the matter at ast; he had called their attention to the place so often." AT the general election of 1892, in the old country, the large number of 43,000 men voted as illiterate in England, viz., could not read or write. This is about 12 per 1000 of the total number of votes recorded. In Wales there were nearly 3000 illiterates, a ratio of IS per thousand. Scotland's figure was fewer than 5000, or only a proportion of 10 per thousand. The number of votes recorded in Ireland was 395,000, of which 85,000 were those of illiterates, a result which gives the very high rate of 215 such votes in every thousand polled. For the whole of Great Britain no fewer than 135,605 persons voted as illiterates at the 1892 General Election out of a total number of 4,587,038 votes polled. The ratio for the entire country is, therefore, nearly three illiterate votes out of every hun dred. IT seems that camels are being rather extensively introducedinsouth-westera Queens land. Most people up here only know a camel as an ungainly brute with a hump on his back, and very useful for carrying goods on dry roads. A little item giving further particulars might not deserve skipping. The camel's kick is a study. As it stands demurely chewing the cud, and gazing abstractedly at some totally different far away object, up goes a I lnnd leg, drawn close into the body, with foot j pointing out; a short pause, and out it flies with an action like the piston and connecting rod of a steam-engine, showing a judgment of distance and direction that would lead you to think the leg gifted with perceptions of its own independent of the animal's proper senses. A traveller in the East dictates that he has seen a heavy man shot several yards into a dense crowd by the kick of a camel, and picked up insensible. Always be very civil to a camel. V IN the North there is a woman so large round the waist that her husband can't embrace her all at oncc, but when he takes one hug he makes a chalk mark so as to know where to commence the next time going round. A NOTORIOUS character who had con~ sumed a large patrimony through intemper ance had occasion to consult a doctor regarding a supposed ailment in his throat. The specialist made the usual examination with the laryngoscope, but failed to discover any* tiling amiss. " Don't you see anything down there ?" asked the patient, pointing to hit throat "Nothing, absolutely nothing," re plied the doctor. Immensely relieved, the spendthrift, a wag in his way, gasped out; " Nothing down there-nothing ? Why, doctor, I've swallowed six houses in my time. Isn't there BO much as half a brick of 'em to be seen?" SOME men are like balls-if there is a lot of bounce about them they are generally hollow; shovels-they require to be firmly handled before they will do good work; matchcs-very little friction makes them fire up and lose their heads; wheelbarrows-if they get on at all, it must be by someone pushing them; lobsters-cannot get along without constant nipping; eggs-they only spring to life when well sat upon; clocks-the faster tliey go the sooner they run down; chimneys-always smoking; bubbles-very pretty to look at, but all wind and suds; rubber stamps-often make a good impression for a time. THE coroner of Forbes, Mr. C. P. Sowter, recently held an inquiiy at Boyd Station, some 20 wiles distant from Forbes, toucliing the death of a Chinaman, 67 years of age, who had been accidentally billed on a Saturday morning. From the evidence it ap peared that deceased was kicked to death by a horse at the Chinese garden on Boyd Creek, where he was employed by one of his country men as a laborer. A verdict in accordance with the evidence was returned. Things are coming to a pretty pass when even animals are com mencing to go out on strike. It is evident the horse in question objected to work any longer for a Chinaman, fie therefore adopted the only means tho equine mind was acquainted with for severing the connection, and got up a successful strike. A PAESON connected with a small country church hit upon a most ingenious idea to increase the collections. In his church it was usual to take the plate round before com mencing the sermon. It was noticed that the amount had been falling off considerably, and the parson, who was a rather poor speaker, re solved to discover a remedy. He awaited his opportunity, and at last one Sunday ho noticed the plate finished the circuit with only a few coppers. This was his chance, and he preached a sermon extending over a solid hour. The congregation squirmed in their seats and kept moving their feet about, but the preacher took no notice and kept on his dreary way. No one liked to get up and go out, though most wistful glanees were cast out of the open windows. The people could not understand it, but were afterwards led to know that the length of the sermons would be regulated by the amount of the collection;-A small collec tion-a long sermon, and vice versa. When next Sunday came round the money rolled in so plentifully that two trips had to be made by the collectors. That was the happy thought. A GEE AT many western readers are interested in sporting matters, whatever form it takes, therefore this little list oi perform ances which a certain diampion jumper claims to do ought not to be skippedTne accom plishments of this acrobat include jumping through a hoop eighteen inches in diameter held six feet from the ground; jumping on to a man's shoulders, and thence over a bar raised nine feet from the ground; jumping in and out: of barrels; jumping on the handle of a sword, the point being placed on a man's breast and forehead ; jumping over a man's head, ami in the act removing an apple from the head with the spike of his shoe; jumping over eight chairs, two at a time, sideways and forward, each spring and pitch being from and on to a brick; jumping over five men seated in chairs in one rising jump; jumping on and off jars and handles of flat irons; jumping on to the backs of two chairs and there remaining, and also on to the shoulders of a man ; jumping on and from a man's face without injuring him; clearing ten chairs at one spring. IT is reported that W. L. Murdoch, the hero of Australia's cricketers a few years ago, is returning to Australia. A good many of us can remember the time when he cap tained the Australian eleven visiting England and did some sensational playing. Also that lie was chromolithographea and stuck up in nearly every house and humpy in Queensland. It might be interesting to reprint a bit of the Australian's history. He was chosen to form one of the first Australian eleven which visited England. This, it will be remembered, wasjn 1878\. He did not do much with the bat on that occasion, but on leaving the country his form seemed suddenly to improve. Playing for the eleven against fifteen of Victoria, he scored 153; and then for some years he was continually performing sensational feats with the bat. In 1878 he was chosen to captain the second Australian eleven, which came to Eng land in the following year. His performances during that tour were astonishing, and created quite a sensation among English players. At the Oval he knocked up the score of 163 (not out) against the best bowling that England could produce. Subsequently, in Australia, when playing for New South Wales against Victoria, his side put together 773 runs, -tit which he contributed 321. In the Australians' third visit, in 1883, Murdoch did much to give glory to that remarkable tour. His 286 (not out) against Sussex at Brighton was only-pne Whig marvellous achievements. On leaving 4he siwfanHm eleven, in order to settle in XngJ land, he qualified for Sussex. 