IMPORTANT LIBEL ACTION. SPEIGHT V. SYME, MR. DUFFY'S ADDRESS TO THE JURY. THE STORY OF ANANIAS. a THE SAINT OF THE LYRE BIRD." PARLIAMENT RESPONSIBLE FOR CONSTRUCTION. THE " AGE " ON NON-PAYING LINES." WARNINGS BY THE COMMISSIONERS. EIGHTY FIFTH DAY. The hearing of the action in which Richard Speight, late chairman of the Victorian Rail way Commissioners, claims £23 000 damages for alleged libel from David Syme, proprietor of the Age newspaper, was continued yesterday in the First Civil Court before Mr Justice Hodges and a jury of 12. Mr Duff and Mr Coldham (instruct., by Messrs. Malleson, England, and Stewart) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Purves, Q C. and Mr Deakin (instructed by Messrs Gillott, Croker, and Snowden) for the defence a Mr Dunn in addressing the jury for the plaintiff, said May it please your Honour and gentlemen of the jury, have bet it here so long together on a weary road and have seen so much of one another, that I my self confess to a feeling almost of sadness that we are approaching the end I hope that whatever little iinpltiisiuiini as may have arisen, and it area] s will arise when men are Zealous in the cause of their client, that we will part with mutual respect and liking If in the rear of my client I have exhibited any temper or given any offence I am anxious. to do what I can to remove that feeling, and I apologise sincerely Most of all, I do sire to do so to my learned friend who has led on the other side Tor there is no man who has a keener-I nitwit almost say a more can urns sense of the extraordinary forensic power of that gentleman than I have I feel it, gentlemen amid hope you feel it, because it my client wire to look only to the weapons he has in his hands in this case in the shape of counsel the disastrous story of the extinction recently done in South Africa by the Maxim gun might be in a sense repeated Yon will look, I hope, not to the speeches of counsel, but to the facts before you, and not to any com- ment on those facts or ingenious twist Hutt may) be given him till, 1 III MOMENT OF THE PLAIN ills I' No one has a higher appreciation than I have of the ability of Mr Purves, and therefore I regret that he has put such a course in this case which can not commend itself to him on relate bon I do not allude merely to the fact that when he was unable-and I say it fearlessly here michie to shake my client in cross examination he has taken it upon him nell to heap)) unmeasured abuse on that gentleman and had actually the audacity to suggest to him that he was lying " ANANIAS ' You remember how he referred to the story of Anilinas mid Supplura, and asked Mr Speight to read it That may be a legitimate claim" for a counsel to do, but I question if it showed good taste but imagine my counsel for the Age newspaper venturing to refer any witness to the story of Almillas Consider It gentlemen You will remember whether nightwear wrongly), and I am not here to say which-that that unfortunate name has been intimately usso cried with a personage and an institution quite apart from Mr Speight Gentlemen you must remember the roar of laughter which went through this country when the weekly newspaper issued from the same office as the Afte and with the same proprietary, find the misfortune to issue a full page illustration of a forest scene with the hem! ing The Haunt of the Lyre Bird Amy remember what a roar of laughter that created in the heated chu s of political dissension Under those circumstances gentlemen surely it comes strangely from Mr Purves to refer my client to that particular text MU SPKIC-rilS JIOVLSIY Gentlemen, there is no doubt my client has made mistakes he is not infallible, but is no doubt full of fallibilities, as every man is You will remember with what bitterness Mr Purves attacked him in his opening speech, buses will also remember how, over and over again, he said " I do not accuse Mr Speight of dishonesty Every time he wished to say anything particularly nasty lie prefaced it with the remark, " I don t ire paid to Mr Speight any personal dishonour Gentlemen, he did not wish to do it, because, I venture to say, he could not do it Mr Speight has come through a time! which very few men would care to go through He has had ripped up every) thing he has said and done for the last eight years, and everything which could be discovered has been suddenly brought against him Which of you no matter how honestly you may have acted would like to have all your private and public ninnis for the last eight years raked up in the name manner and to have them interpreted in the most ridiculous and contorted form post while That is the ordeal through which Mr Speight has come, and I venture to say that whatever opinion you may pass on the collateral circumstances, you will say that Mr Speight has come through with his personal honour unblemished, and you will -issue Unit ' Whatever record leap! to light He never shall be changed PARLIAMENT AITACKLD x not only say that it was unbecoming of my learned friend to attack Mr Speight in the way he has done in order to snap a verdict from you, that he has done that which 111 beseems anyone, more especially one who has been connected with public fours, in making a wholesale attack upon Parliament and Parliamentarians and (generally) trying to drag them in the dust Politicians are no better and no worse than their neighbours, but when a man in the fur) of declamation endeavours to cast a universal cloud upon Parliament and poll decisions he does an ill deed for this tommy nothing could do more injury than a wide spread been of in the dishonest] of Parliament, fortis soon as it prevails men who are able and who are anxious to serve their country will be prevented horn entering at Uralla where they will be held up to utter contempt But I do not blame my Ii timed [mind so much even for that as for one thing he has done which made my blood boil He has lake or dam men in this trimmers) who have not appeared bcioreyou,biitwlio happen to have been to members of Parliament, about whom there is not one tittle before you, good or had or it particle of evidence, and his lips mine tin in an object for his sarcasm and his Jdupeialion He has endeavoured to make them out to be contemptible scoundrels in your eyes and him asked you to believe that tiiseabsint men are scoundrels, and that therefore, Mr Speight must be it scoundrel to have associated with them in any way Ik referred to one whole minutes I shall not "mention whom any man of decent right feel me, would have refrained from talking about 'li is a man whose character should be held sacred, because he has to do and that character elsewhere He has was mentioned nan Scoville!, and n '"id jobber, and as a man who lins first I thought Is If it were true this is an all time to no nation it or to make tiny climie against a man who is called upon in another year,, to answer for his doings And to men in a the name of this man for the purpose, of giving his client Item the unsteadiness of ha i own wrongdoing makes my] blood boil MU I'HI'VLS AS A FRENCH II "it I have also a sense of humour, and Pilate you have, too, gentlemen, and when one comes to consider that this I is nil simm indignation one does not know whether to laugh or weep. If it were real there might be some excuse for it, but when we consider it is a mere HEat- poured out at so many guineas a tiny it becomes ludicrous. It was about the alleged mismanagement of the sentinels that Mr. Purves became most indignant, and it certainly is ludicrous to hear Mr. Purves de- claiming about the proper method of financing wheat we returnable that he "seriously suggested last year that we should rid ourselves of all ourdilllotilties by converting our selves into a great Monto Carlo, and getting up a huge lottery. MR, DEAKIN AS A DEPUTATIONS. One of the great charges against Mr. bpe-iglitis that members of Parliament an preached him on deputations, and you find, gentlemen, that the men who are pilloried for doing this dishonest thing are amongst the most honourable and respected men in the community, I wonder how the other side felt when they were considering how this case should be put before you when they found that the very first deputation mentioned in the Ayewns introduced to Mr. Speight by the Honourable Alfred Deakin ? I don't want to make any charge against that hon. gentleman. You and I know that Mr. Deakin is a thoroughly honourable and upright poli tennis. I do not for one moment say that in joining this deputation he was doing anything that was not thoroughly right and proper. All I limit to do is to draw your attention to the absurd and ridiculous position Mr. Purves is placed in when he works himself into a white heat in denouncing the most honourable men in the community. A report in the Age states that a deputation from Essendon was introduced to the commissioners by Mr. Deakin, M.L.A., and asked for it new station, and also a new subway. And the report goes on to say that the commissioners went out to see the place for themselves Now. gentlemen, if this had been Mr. Keys instead of Mr. Dealtill, what would my learned friend is five said about it.' How indignantly he would have denounced Mr. Speight's visit to the place to meet the members of the local council, and with what emphasis he would have asked, " What took place at that interview "" I say, gentlemen, that this was a perfectly honest and proper thing to do, that no more fit person could have been chosen to introduce the deputation than Mr. Deakin, who was a member of Parliament for the district. MR DEAKIN WHITES TO THE CITY MISSIONER. Then again, gentlemen, it is said that it is improper to write letters to the commis- sioners. But what do we find? Here is a Mr. Briggs who writes to Mr. Deakin, M.L.A., asking him to obtain a station at Monegeetta. HeBajs-"It was intended to send a deputation, but it was afterwards determined to write it letter asking you to obtain such a boon to us." Ilion Mr. Donkin writes forwarding the letter to the Railway department, and adding, Mr. Deakin will be glad to know if this request can be granted. MR. LYNE'S REQUEST. Now, gentlemen, Heaven forbid that I should suggest that there is any thing wrong about this, I only want to point out how ludicrous is the position taken up by my learned friend, and to ask you what Mr. Purvis and Mr. Deakin find in their minds when Mr. Syme consulted with them as to what evidence they should lay before you. Especially is their position ludicrous when we remember that the only person outside the sea vice who, according to the evidence, asks for a promotion is Mr. David by me, as he went to see Mr. Speight on behalf of one James Doyle, and did not get what he asked for. You remember, gentlemen, that that fact came out in evidence. MEbblfS. ZEAL AND MELVILLE, Me.G.s. We have had Mr. Zeal and Mr. Melville called here, and they were held up as angels. But they are amongst the men who are charged by the defendant with using improper influence on the plaintiff. When I asked them if they had done so, they burst out with indignation in denying it. Well, these gentlemen are just the same as those gentlemen who did not happen to be called me the other side. I make no charge against them. Mr. Zeal is, I- believe, a thoroughly straight man-as straight as " the street, which is called Straight." these gentlemen have only travelled on what I must not call Dtukin's road, but we will say " Dublin avenue." (Laughter.) THE METHOD OF DE1?]:_Û"_ J I recognise that in this unseemly chant is burdened by the fact that he has comVkrit Utily junior counsel against Mr. Purves But though I cannot congratulate myself on having any great powers as an advocate, I had sufficient prophetic power to point out what course my learned friend would take I told you that he would try to escape tram the real gravamen of the charge that Mr Speight had used his port or in order to place members of Parliament for his own private ends, and that he would wander off into construction and management and every thing except the main issue in this life!. Well, gentlemen, what has he done ' The most important of the charges is left without an attempt at proof. This v/us that Mr., Speight used his position for profligate political our posts lit has abandoned that altogether, and has substituted what he calls sub servience The Ima proved a lot of things which no one in the world disputes, and which are not at issue at all It is the same gentlemen, as it anyone should make a charge against any one of you that you drank whisky and water all night till you were drunk, and then, when put to the' proof, said, "Well, I saw you drinking water, and that is part of the change. ' (Laughter.) Or if he said, " If I did not see you drinking whisk] I saw you smoking a blink pipe." The defendant lins dropped a lot of things which were too heavy and too hot to carry, and in places! them has tried to get in a lot of things altogether irrelevant to this case. I may say that I was thinking of asking his Honour to direct at once that us to a number of the charges there is no proof whatever, but I thought it would be undesirable to divide the case in throwing instead of that I will ask his honour at a later stage to point out to you that a lot of things which have been proved are not relevant to the issue, and that as to many of the nets alleged them has been nothing proved How is this libel supported ' You will remember that not a witness is called by the extended t who lent vv anything about the hotel before the libels were written. Not one 'They have called no one person to justify these lines What they have done is simply to collect papers and facts after having made tile allegations, and so to try to bade them up has long series of newspaper articles is composed of facts mixed up with utter actions You will find plenty of things in them Milich ate tarts known by everyone. Hut mixed up with these there are statements which are utterly untrue, or so twisted us to give the public an utterly wrong impression NoW, if the Aye had only state 1 things which were universally known to be untrue we should not have needed became beforehand), but the mixture of fact gives the statement a verisimilitude they otherwise would not have had Suppose someone and I went about the streets drink, that would be an utterly untrue statement, with no corroborative facts mixed up with, it But suppose, instead of that, it was said that on the 11th Inst Mr Duffy went with two of his children to Queenscliff on the Ozone, that he drank the whole of the time, and had to be turned off the vessel Every word of that might be true except about the drinking, and it would be in vain for me to try and persuade people that the whole was not true. That is what I call a cunning weaving of truth with untruth. "A Ho which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies A lie which which is all a lie may he met and (ought with outright But a lie which is part a truth is a simpler matter to Unfit " Till', El ACT OF THE ALLEGED glass That is the reason why this series of libels has taught the popular mind, and has blackened Mr. Speight's diameter in the mind of every person who reads the Aye. Cast your minds back and remember what the effect of this series 01 libels was and now the popular cry was raised, " Turn Speight out, at a time when he had no opportunity to answer It has been said that the country papers joined in this way No doubt they did The Age loaded the pistols, and the country papers Tariff them off. You could not go into a train or a tram without hearing people speaking about the allegations against Speight 'the Aye supplied the facts, but those facts were untrue, and though proof I was offered it would not contradict them. if they had been true Mr. Speight would have [deserved all he got. MAKING THE RAILWAYS PAY. My learned friend has said that Mr. Speight was brought out to naming the railway in order to make them pa) In one view that is correct that is to say, that part of the duty of the ii vs commissioners was to see that there was no improper expenditure of money in waste fulness, ne regret). But if that means that the railways were to be made to pay in any case and Hilder all circumstances he is an doubtedly) wrong Mr Speight and his fellow commissioners had no more to do with the railways that were to be constructed I than you or I had, An act of Parliament said that railways which were constructed had to be under the management of the , commissioners, but hatnuwiailwnjs were to be constructed was a question for Parliament, and for Parliament alone. The only thing Mr Speight and his fellow commissioners had to do was to give advice when called upon, THE AGE ON NON-PLAYING RAILWAYS. That the question of railway construction rested with Parliament alone, and that it was the duty of the commissioners to take over the railways whenever Parliament chose to make them, was amply recognised by every political party in the country, and I need not go further for an authority than the Age itself. On the 18th of June, 1890, the Aye said - "Ho agree with Mr Gillies when he contends that the state stands in quite a dangerous position nor a private company so far as railway construction is concerned, inasmuch as public policy demands the construction of railways for the purpose of opening up the country and developing its resources, even if such lines are non pay 10s for a series of years " Could it be put better than that That is the very policy Mr. Speight adopted as a witness in the box, and when the Age advocated before this case was thought of. No one was more surprised than poor Mr. David by me at us appealing in this court, but that in the way in which the A ye wrote before it was a question of blackening Mr Speight's charlie ter. Public policy demands r railways for opening up the country, even if such lines are now paying for a series of years " REPORTS BY THE COMMISSIONERS But, gentlemen, after the famous grab which Parliament made to get all these lines it passed a bill in the full fury of railway construction, in which it was stated that the duty of the commissioners was to " ascertain the present and prospective public value of such work" That is to say, that in making a railway they had to say, "Here is a place, and if we build a railway to it will it pay in the future, and what effect will it have in opening up the country 1 " Now, there in the South Gippsland line, which my lea i ned friend says does not pay. There is a country which would never have been opened up except by a, railway. My learned friend was particularly bitter on the Railway Commissioners for recommending that this line should be made beyond Leongatha, though up to that point he has no objection to it. He says it would be perfectly reasonable to construct it as far as that. Now, my friend has forgotten to tell you that the commissioners were never asked to report on the line beyond Leon gatha. The Government only proposed the line to that point and Parliament ordered the construction of the remainder without con- suiting the commissioners about it. HOW THE COMMISSIONERS PER- FORMED THEIR DUTY. I will now ask you to follow me for a brief space while I endeavour to show how the commissioners performed their duty. Mr Purves himself has described how up to the year 1881, when Mr Speight and his colleagues took office our railways were managed in such a fashion by " political cheats " that they were "so conspicuous and terrible failure." There, gentlemen, you see that it was a "conspicuous and terrible failure' which the commissioners took in hand. What was the result. In 1883 there was a debit balance of £_)ti,uTl on the year, following on a debit balance of £200,000 the year before that This is what Mr Purves has called a "delicit"-"alarming deficit" is the term invented by the Age. What he calls a deficit is not, as you would imagine, i excessive working expenses over takings That is an ordinary deficit, such as shareholders in a railway would understand. But that is not what is meant here. Every year fourth time Mr. Speight took office until he left office- the takings exceeded very much the working expense s What my friend meant is that it you borrow a certain sum to make railways, and the profits do not pay, not only all the working expenses but the whole of the interest on the borrowed mourn, then there is a deficit. Suppose you combined to build a railway with £100,000 borrowed for the purpose, and paid 7 per cent, for that money and suppose that in the first year, after paying all working expenses, you had a dividend of 5 per cent, that is what Mr Purves would call a deficit of one half per cent Now, even at the worst times the Railway department was making, over and above the amount which it cost for the work mg expenses, from 3 to 1 per cent, on the whole of the money sunk in the line RESULTS OF' MR SPEIGHT'S MANAGER MENT Having stated the meaning of this so called "deficit," Ictus see what were the results of the management of Mr Speight and his colleagues It vvcucccptthedefinition of Mr Purves there was in 1883, when the commissioners took office, a deficit of £2i"i,(>ll That was reduced in the next year to £30,000, or, in other words, there was a saving of £200,000 on that v. ear I am not now dealing with the causes those were the effects Thelollowingvein theinilwajsdonot even make a deficit, butpnj all working expenses and interest on the loan, and have £61, 183 absolute profit The people of this country did not pay a penny out of their own pockets They had borrowed the money, got the whole convenience of the railways for nothing, the interest on the loin we in pink, and 2bl 000 was put into the public exchequer In 1883 the same transaction exactly took place, £10,000 being put into the public purse. The next year the Windsor railway accident occurred, and cost the country £12000. That, of course, areas the large prout which would have been put the to the public purse after pay ing interest and all working expenses But for that accident £80,000 not¿M),0J0 as in the first j car-would have gone into the public pocket Accidents, however, will occur, and must be accepted as part of the risks of the business, Then we come to 1887-8 and 1888 9 and the same process is gone through. 'There is no railway accident, and the public, after paying the whole of the interest and working i expenses, gets £3,0. Surely that BIIOVVS what the management of the railways wins. It was a management under which there was a great improvement in the railway service great improvements in the travelling facilities, and a great saving at the same time. That is what I call management, and that is what Mr. Speight effected PARLIAMENT AND THE RAILWAYS Them there comes a state of things in which there could not be any money put aside after paying full working expenses and full interest And why' Because Parliament had considered the broad question of whether they were to make railways which would pay instanter or whether, when they were getting a good in come out of the existing railways, they should open up the country and make hues which would pay in the future. Parliament assented to the latter, and under circumstances of full knowledge, and then when the inevitable of lines which did not immediately pay came, they turned round and ended voured to out of the trouble by all sorts of committees, bills, and acts, but have not yet been able to get out of the trouble THE AGE APPROVES OF MR SPEIGHT S MANAGEMENT. I had intended at some length to point out to you what Mr Speight did by way of mi proving the railways and effecting the saving of those vast sums of money, but all that is known to everybody who has lived in the colony Mr. Purves made fun of Mr. Speight, 8UJ111K that all he had done was to introduce the model reft cutting car and appoint some inspectors The best answer to I that is a quotation from a paper whose authority I am sure my friend will endorse, viz ,i]\cAge. Before the Ayegot into this war with Mr Speight before it found out through its counsel that it was a horrible thing that members of Parliament should communicate, by deputation or otherwise, with the commis- Bionera-before it was aware of the atrocities carried on by the Railway department the Age reporter " went out West and fully investigated what improvements had been made in the first year of Mr. Speight's remine On August 8, 1881, the Age published an article stating that since the advent of the Railway commissioners many alterations and improvements had been made in the organisation and general management of the various branches of the Railway department That is a time when the Aue gave a full and elaborate description of the good done by Mr Speight, not knowing that in future years Mr. Syme's advocate, Mr Purves, would give them the he. The article went on to highly comes all the alterations in the trains and numerous improvements made in the detail of the management, and all tending to the greater convenience of the public and is meeting with general approbation. Even the improvement in the administration of the refreshment department was read cased, and the addition to the number of dis tilctsuiierinteiidents was commended. The latter is now called " gross and waste ful expenditure in the appointment of north trolling traffic superintendents " All those things are described in the Age. article of 1881 as admirable, and now they are dis puiaged us improvident, extravagant, and useless I must say there is one cause of complaint in the article, and you would never guess what that is It is that it is a great shame that there should be only four trains a day to Sandhurst and Ballarat, and that a fifth train should be added. That is one of the things now described to us as horrible, ( while, perhaps, the very reason the extra train was put on in 1881 was because the | Aye said, " Oh, you must do that. For good-, news sake don't forget Uallnfnt and Sand hurst." And years afterwards the extra trains are condemned. THE COMMISSIONERS AND CONSTRUCTION. Let us see how the commissioners performed their duty in respect of construction. The first time they were asked to supply information was in 1881, when Mr. Speight had been 10 months in the colony. And then, gentlemen, they laid down most explicitly what information they were able to give and what they were not able to give Parliament adopted and made the railways after having had that advice. On October 30, 1851, the commissioners sent a memorandum to the Minister of Railways, transmitting, in accordance with the act, estimates of the cost of the railways submitted to Parliament, and of the probable traffic. In accordance with the act the commissioners forwarded statements showing the estimated cost of each line per mile and the total aggregate cost, with 6 percent, added for contingencies. In that memorandum the commissioners state clearly us to what they desire :- 'to The commissioners are unable to furnish estimate, of the traffic as experience has shown li at the traffic of a district during the time it is without railway communication is no guide to the traffic in medical) developed by the railway and they feel that any such information would he unreliable HIL RAILWAY BILL OF 1891 The commissioners point) this out quite plainly, and there is no excuse for Parliament The commissioners say We can not possibly say what the results will be, because they will expend on the effect of the opening of the line, very much of the train being made by the railway line the commissioners also forwarded m I urination furnished by the Government statist as to the products of the district served by the propost d railway as affording evidence of the large requirements to be met J hut advice is given cure Parliament passes a bill which is proposed by the Government of the day-the Service Herr) Government for an expenditure of five and a half millions Putwliatmoie does Parliament be * It is not content with that but adds two and a half millions e "pen diture without consulting the commissioners in the slightest degree Parliament acids 100 more miles of railway to the bill at a cost of two and a half millions that that is to say Parliament adds a third more of railway. construction to the bill amongst others that of the line from LronijithntoPoit Albert with which Mr. St eight had no more to do is the way of ndvm or in the way of consultation e r consideration than you or I have In the course of building these lines it turns out that the estimates are lower than had been anticipated What does Mr Speight; and his fellow commissioners do ' ADVICE BY THE COMMISSIONERS Mr Purves had to admit that in 1886 the commissioners wrote a letter, when only part of the oil had been done, stating full) what the effect was and warning Parliament and the Minister as to the increased cost if they went on with those railway But sayS Mr Purves, " Why was this not done at once' Well, the act was passed at the end of 1884 and this letter is Bent m Jill), 1880 It seems hardly possible that Mr Purves could have overlooked the fact that railways are not built mine dated) the bill is passed It the whole of the lines were built at once you would not have enough labour in the colony] Parliament has to make up its mind for one of two courses whether it will simply have a trial survey and then adopt the lines on its approximate cost, or else have ever) line whether it is ultimately adopted or not, permanently surveyed If you do the latter of course you take away all diversions but you ¡,<> to enormousexpiuse whites large number r of lines surveyed are not built It is there fore only as broad as it is long Tjp to the present time the cheapest and most efficient way has been to adopt the lines on the trial survey, subject to the diversions I have indi tate THE PURCHASE OF LAND But then my friend, Mr Purves, says " Why was not all the land bought up as soon as the bill was passed I do not know whither I meet answer that question Mr Purves admits there was a boom and that land went up between 1881 and when the lines were usually built in 1890 00 The answer to that is that the bill was passed in a single night, authorising an expends tune of seven and a half millions and it is utterly impossible that all those lines should have been permanently surveyed or built at once WARNINGS BY THE COMMISSIONERS The Commissioners not only warned the Munster but the Parliament, lony arding a statement showing the excess of actual cost over estimates-excess in land purchase of 14 percent and in work.s 21 per cent for country lines My friend Mr Purves was exceedingly indignant that the estimates had been prepared on the es tints as of the last series of railways But what better plan could have been adopted ' All Mr Speight could do was to show what the one at work in that sort of country had been before the report to the Minister and Parliament went on to point out that for suburban binds the increase in value was no less than £127 dtK and that the excess of estimates over actual cost for work was equal to 22 per cent and Parliament went on with the lines with all these facts before them CIILAPVLSS Ol HIL LINES W than two months of this there came to the annual report of the commissioners and they again draw attention to the facts and again warn Parliament pointing out that it was impossible to accurately state the cost of the work When the lines are accurately surveyed the department in order to see that the contractors do not get too much makes an estimate of what the line ought to cost, and we have heard from the witness for the defendants that so far as the work itself is concerned the de 1 artment got it done on extremely satisFactory terms so much so that some of the contractors were ruined The only way to reduce the cost would be to cut down the railways which you could do until they were nothing more than two str sales of rust and a rightfully The commissioners also pointed out that under the present system of supplying estimates difficulties could not be avoided unless such maximum figures were adopted as would provide for ever) thing or railways were only made on manaro data after the perman nt survey was completed Parliament had all this before it and chose in its wisdom to go on and build seven and a half millions worth of lines. It is said those lines were constructed at a far greater cost than they ought to have been, but the answer to that is that Parliament had been thoroughly awakened to the circumstances, and they were the cheapest ever built COMP ARRIVE COST" PT II MILE Up to 1871 the cost of the railway fully equipped was £32 000 per mile, in 1872 it was £10 000 , 1873 £2000 , 1174 £1 000 1876, £21,000 157, idtíbOO 1878, £11000 1870 £11000, 1880, £15 000, 1881, £14 000 and 1883, £13,757 Then the eomniiasionciscune in and from that time the cost per mile never reached £11 000 except in the boom year In 1881 the cost per mile was £11 100 139 £10 100 , 1880, £10 '100 1887 £13 '100 1888 £11000, 1882, £13 000 18110 £111,000 , 1891 £12 700 And tins in the face of an undoubted increase of construction and a very large increase in land values 'J lie) are lunn pierced by the land boom, and yet the construction and outfit of those railways eos enormously less per mile than any railways constructed up to the time Mr Speight came THE BILL OF 1800 These lines were completed and Parliament knew what the) cost, but in 1890 the Minister of the da) proposed another (five millions worth of railways, with the full knowledge of what had gone before Accordingly the commissioners were asked to report and on 15th June, 1890 they sent a memo mud up to the Minister stating that as they had been ample time to get accurate nitor nation they were in a much better position than before to prepare estimates 1 in charge made against us really is that unless our IBU mates were too low, and then that in 1890 he estimates were so high we prevented the lines being made. It is utterly untrue, that Parliament was marked by the commissioners < either to make or not to make railways On this 13 10 bill the Opposition carried a number of lines, increasing the expenditure to seven and a half millions and Mr Speight was asked to make and did make another report on 15th July, 1890 CHEAP RAILWAYS AND IM AREAS 'Union for the first turn was raised the cry for help nulty aye, and for the first time was announced the extraordinary polity of having railways which could be constructed for practically nothing Mr Sp right then gave them his opinion - Hitherto the railways have been that of a certain sort If you have no day (lions we will continue to build them of that sort because they are full of are which do not require mormousixpendi ture to keep and which will not require ton stant expenditure on thin. It, on the other hand, you want tram ways say so and we will build tramwiDS Parliament was so dull to this necessity It could either build a moderate set of rules) s or set to work to fruit I am immoderate set Itnpealed section 7') giving the commissioners the right to construct railways "ml set to work to appoint a committee of its own which would cost about £20,000 per year, for the purpose of investigating and! reporting upon the lines then it was determined that every body should have a dip in the lucky bag and they prepared a map which con turned every line proposed by the Government or the Opposition or by a private member whether adopted or not adopted for that map Mr Speight is no more responsible than you or I le even includes lines not surveyed at all and if a member had proposed a line going all round the coast of Victoria you could have seen it marked in blue on that map Up to that time Mr Speight had full) pointed out under tireless bill what the effect would be if these lines were gone on with both by a report to Parliament and by a report to the Minister and Parliament decided to go on with the bill His lines were built and they were the cheapest ever constructed You will observe that the charge under the 1891 bill is that the estimates were too low Under the 1830 bill the charge is that the estimate is too high But what are really the facts as to the 1800 bill' We made an estimate which is used on the absolute construction of the 1884 bill and which would probably have been carried out to a shilling had the lines been built under that proposal They were not built but my learned friend asks you to say that the estimate was excessive Why' because certain persons come here and say they could build lines for less and because Mr Rennick e Government engineer has submitted an estimate at less cost to a Parliamentary Standing Committee which lasted for one year and then vanished into space like a howling ghost and has never been heard of since My learned friend has shown that Mr Rennick Stud that the lines could be built at a lower estimate than that given But under what circumstances' I think it was hardly ingenuous of my learned friend to suggest that Mr Rennick said that the lines could be built cheaper when the fact is this Mr Rennick is i bought before the committee and as) a The cost of the lines as suggested by Mr Speight is the proper rest, and we have made up the estimate Then the committee says, Would you oblige us by having out platforms and stations, and lin of ballast and two in stead of three Sleepers find so on- could you construct the lines cheaper then ' Mr Rennick Bays, Of course I can construct Hit lines much cheaper Of course he can There is not the slightest doubt about that Of course if you were to put nothing on the lines but a bit of paper you could get all your material at Buckley and Nunn's The whole question is whether it is the most economical thing, to leave if a charge on maintenance instead of paying it at once If you are building a house for outsell you will build it solid If you go into a house that some body else lins built you will find its run on in if you want permanent railway no doubting expensive If you want it when you can have it as cheap as you like and let the unfortunate people in years to come pay the expenses Railways like ours can not. In built cheaper, but railways different from ours can be built cheaper The suggestion was only made when that disastrous time came in 1881 and people wanted something that could be called a railway intO AGE WItNESS S That position had been reached in 1890 Let us take up the Aye and point out what it had done up to 1890 and what it did after that You will observe that I have read various extracts which are extremely flattering to Mr Speight After a certain time we find a change comes over the spirit of the dream The rye is no longer satisfied Mhj' Well gentlemen it is not quite dor win because m) learned h lend him been particularly careful to prevent us (getting at the true reason You remember how in the course of the case I was taunted with "A out you call Mr Speight if I call Mr S)ince I said I shall certainly call Mr Speight But we don I see Mr S) me because we know perfectly well that it Mr Sims had gone into that box I should have torn from him how he came to change his policy) Not only have we not had Mr vine but we have absolutely not had Mr Schuler who has the, called time place with his presence from day today and who has wept with Mr Syme in his misfortunes Mr Schulz r has not been called although his) learned friend has used certain facts which Mr Schuh r is supposed to be and to give M) Ruined friend cross examined Jil Speidifc as to whether he did not like this or that to Mr Schafer and whether Mr Scholes did not say that Mr Symethoudit highly of Mr Speight Mr Speight elenie 1 all that I hen who was Mr Schiller not produced ' ] either because he was not ready to come up to the scratch or that my learned I neil I was afraid to call Mr Schiller hie me he knew too much Mr Sweet and Mr Lambie had not the slightest idea who proposed these articles It strikes that they must have fallen down tram heaven or that they were deposited at night by some modern Junius in tin Ayt office Mr Schiller has not been called Air Sjmi baB not been filled Mr liartud frit nil and told as that Mr S)inedidnot write the articles but that they were written by a person who was a credit to Australian journalism and whom We allen! I probably have an oppor- unit) of selling He has conveniently for gotten that promiSe and has not called him lit Mr Schuler is supplied as one of the persons to whom information was refused in June 1890 But Mr Schiller is not called and the writer of the articles is not called My learned friend has pointed out that Mr Syme was in favour of having the railway leased I do not know now who THE AGE AND till SUirLS GOVI Rv Mr M Let us go back and see what the Aye has done and with whom it conspired 1 or it is admitted that the object of the life was to get rid of Mr Speight In his opening, my friend denied that Mr Speight's resignation was brought about by articles in the Aye bath the force of the public opinion But at the conclusion he admits that the Aye had made up its mind to turn out this man, because it was agreed that the proper management of the railways was impossible so long as he remained We all know the history of the Act in this country lilias been conducted with enormous perseverance, and no doubt « i til very great ability so that after many jciirs8truc,glinç, through good an I bid tunes it has at last become a great power in This country Mr Some probably would have become a successful in in in anything, to which he devoted himself because he had the determination to succeed len as ant nests, whatever happens I Certain it is that he had succeeded in making himself an enormous power Lake the Centurion in the Scriptures he could say I also am an authority, having servants under me, and I say to this man come and he cometh and to this man go and he teeth But the servants were Parliaments and Ministries this was the position which Mr. Syme had acquired, and, having that power in 1890 he determined to put out the Gillies Ministry and to support then successors whoever they might, be It may have been merely with that political eil ject that these articles were commenced and that Mr Syme at that time had no animus against Mr. Speight but he certainly was returned that the then Government should 1,0 out and for the purpose of putting that Government out he over and over the use accused the Railway) Commissioners of piecing tency and "travel ling to support the i Inst) which accused the Ministry of supporting the commis- Monere the Government went out and then came into power the Minis r) known as the Munro and afterwards the Shiels Government You remember what took place it that time and it is very certain that that Ministry held office entirely by the support of tlicílf/c newspaper and that if the Sim Is Ministry had for one moment lost the support of the Aye it would have disappeared into oblivion Mr Shiels as soon as the Munro Government came into office, became Minister of Railways and we have heard what was the effect combine d with correspondence which has been read Mr Shiels was to have come and seen us and I should have enjoyed half an hours interview with him I looked forward to see in, him, and finding out who set him to work on this correspondence which apparently without any provocation was devoted to an attack on Mr Speight Mr Wheeler when he was in the box craved the privilege of the Cabinet, and I could not get it out of him but Mr Shiels, who wrote it himself is not called and Mr M Wheeler, poor fellow does not appear to be a man of any importance, for he does not even know who it was that Intel viewed Ministers on behalf of the Ade, or who interviewed the Aye on behalf of the Ministry I have nothing to say beyond this that having had the pie "are of rending Mr Shiels s cone spanner. he went into the railway offices the Minister of Railways full) believing that Mr. Speight was wrong and Mr Shiels light from that turn but went! there is no act done by Mr. M Wheeler which is not ion tiniporaneous with an eiicoiiinc,iiicr article in tin Ays M) kunu 1 friend had told you that the press has been a wonderful weapon in the hands of civilisation But he forgot to tell you that the nature wear) on that can fight for freedom um be used in pniutinnurrel no 1 to private assassination juBtusellicientl) us it the destiny for the public at that is precisely) the land which I had with the Aye It turned the enormous power and wielded that terrible weapon for the purpose of forcing that puppet Government into destroy me Mr Sptifcht Mr W Inder \y cut into office with that determination A letter has been read from the commissioners to Mr Wheeler setting forth everything that had taken place between them, and which he admits is with one exception exactly correct Is there anything in that letter which justifies the charge that Mr. Speight at that time was endeavouring to injure or impede the Ministry in their duty ' I think not Up to 1846 the whole authority of the charge of the railway s after they wereconstructedwas in the hands of the commissioners After the famous Shiels correspondence Mr Shiels had carried an act which took out of the hands of the commissioners the whole right of the management of the railways and put it into the hands of the Ministry It was provided that the Minister could call on the commissioners to furnish a scheme and that if he did not approve of it he could supply a scheme of his own What the commissioners did was to honestly say to the Minister, "We have given you our opinion, and we think it extremely doubtful that the effect you think will arise will arise We- think that certain other things must be done if you want an immediate income If you have to take the responsibility we will carry out any policy you like If you propose any thing we will carry it out most loyally That seems to me the most reasonable thing to do but Mr Wheeler thought differently he said, "Now, look here, we have got to make £200 000, and in order to do that we have got to reduce expenses by £100 000 and make Ulric 000 more income Can you do it' "Well, said Mr. Speight, ' I don't see any way to do that, I have always told you that it you build a number of new lines they will not pay at once You have built the lines and you cannot expect them to pay The only way is to keep them going as much as you can, and the people will gradually gather found, and they will pay " Oh, no, said Mr Wheeler, ' We want an immediate rise ' Well says Mr Snetaht " I don t think volitan if" any rate it will he fairly beat the cost of permanent prosperity If you put up the agricultural sites for a JI at or two you may raise more money but you will kill the goose that hus- the golden eggs Then Mr Whcelersijs Our Government would not Really it you did that Yon must t touch the agricultural freights Very well then the only other thing I see is to cut down wages Oh no says Mr Wheeler cut down salaries us much as you like but no the w ages My Ministry would not have that he goes onto suggest a reduction in tram mileage which he says will surveyor 000 Mr Speight says I don't think so but it you want me to put it in my scheme you must take the responsibility Air XV heel i sue s Oh no you must take the responsibility If it was unsuccessful Speight was to take the lesson sibility successful the Shiels Government did it There is a case of political pri sure if ever there was one As soon as the scheme was submitted Mr Wheeler set to work to show it w is wrong without even taking the trouble to add it up He asked for a scheme for reducing the expenditure by £250 600 a year and the commissioners sub mitted a scheme with a maximum of 280 000 He objected to certain items amounting to £1 5000 but gave no credit for the £30 000 i extra which the commissioners had recommended I venture to say the reason is plain he had made up his mind before hand that if the commissioners would not promulgate a scheme which the Shiels Go vernment bleed the next best thing would be to dismiss the commissioners and from the day the scheme was submitted 1 on the 6th of March till he was in the box he never a Ided up the figures of Mr Speight's scheme On the 4th that scheme came into his the Is On the 11th the aga wrote say ing that if ever the power of suspension which larhamcnthud given could bejustided at all there could be no stronger reason for exercising it and on the 17th the commissioners went out of office the Ministers dismissed them and said I et us go to the country on the question of improper railway management that this happened just before the "en rd election When Mr W Wheeler v is in the box I asked him whether be regarded the sent me as a matter of management or a matter of policy and he said her gar Tel it as a matter of policy and that was all I could not out of him mr INJURY TO MR spEiGn r Well then Mr Speight went out of office and Mr Purves has put the result as regards damages far better than I could put it He sajsthatMr Speight will never feet employment in any other railway or in any other de I artment after the exposure which has been made Gentlemen that is true If these attacks which have been made are justified then Mr Speight is ruined for ever, and he will never get employment in any railway again HOW LUE ALLEGED LIB! LS WTRr WRIT 1 EN Now gentlemen, in considering whether the object of the Age in getting Mr Speight dismissed from the Railway department was an honest desire to help the country and to help the railways or whether it was a malicious attempt to help its own political views it will be well to consider the circum stances under which these libels were written You see, gentlemen the libels are most detailed but the Aye had no knowledge whatever when it wrote them what it could bring into court when it found itself face to face with this action and it sets its servants to look over the records of the department of the ellice from beginning to end There is not the slightest pretence of saying it had this liitortnattou at the time It said We never thought it would come this but now that it has we will see what facts we can kind to justify us At the time these articles were written the Age find no information In April 1861, Mr Schiller complained to Mr Speight that the latter was not paying sufficient attention to the Ajt criticisms and I dont know but that may be at the bottom of all this matter Mr Syme, with his paper, is an autocrat, who has turned out Ministries and Park ments and put them in, and he may have felt it a slight that Mr Speight did not follow blindly what the Aye dictated Why should Mr Speight pay attention to the criticisms of the yl|/c' Was he paid what Mr Purves calls a princely salary in order to do the bidding of David Syme and his newspaper' It is had enough, Heaven knows, to have political interference, but it you got interference by an irresponsible newspaper it is the worst kind of interference that could be imagined "Well, said Mr Speight to the Aye emissary, ' it does seem to me that you don't care much what we say You wont put in our explanation ' All light says Mr Schuler, and then appear the articles, " How the Money Goes Mr Speight find the articles cut out, and got the engineers to write their explanations opposite the allegations Those explanations are supplied to the Aye, but, after being kept for a time, are returned unpublished The very first explanation sent by Mr Speight is not published but is kept And time allowed for the articles to sink in the public mind Pool Mr Speight then sent the explanation to The Argus, in which it was published, but very late in the date and with all the appearance of being a light between the two newspapers Then the Age most disingenuously published an article beginning, "At last Mr Speight has been stung into making an answer," referring to the very answer they had refused to publish I call that downright dishonesty, and as near Ij ing us can be gone This is a fair index of the fair play meted out to Mr Speight by the Age Then, although the Age did not publish the explanation, they took a copy of it, as was shown in the fact that in the article commencing, "At last Mr Speight has been stung into making an answer, they use a number of expressions which did not appear in The Argus at all. You must imagine that in April, 1861 the relations between Mr Speight and the Age were not very kindly , aniline 1892 appearcd the articles the Deficit, and How it Arose lins series went from the 1st to the 14th March and the worst appeared on the 3rd March, about the stores, and the waste and extravagance and loss to the country their own reporter, sent to examine the stores, found there was no waste, but the Age refused to make any admission that their statements were wrong 'Don to the facts justify the charge' Then all the worse for the facts, ' says the responsible man for the Age, and they stick to their original statement DLIENDANTDID NOT CONTEMPLATE THIS ACTION Mr Purves said that Mr by me would never have gone into this if he thought he would have been put to all the expense of this action Of course he would not if he had thought this action would come these articles would never have been written Rut Mr Sj me had been in the habit of determining a matter and having it done and as proprietor of the Age he could us effectually destroy any man in this community as did any Roman consul by pricking down the names of his victims It Mr Speight were driven out of the department no human being could have hoped that he would be able to drug through this action from day to day and from week to week through commissions to England and all suits of delay It has been a marvel It has been a question of self sacrifice on everybody s pasted question of kindness and of willingness to help and a de to rninuttrOn to see this thing through and mi absolute been in Mr Speight's case which has said led him to get to this point Of course, Mr D IA id Sjme never thought any thing of the kind would occur But now did Mr Syme commence the tight ? When he had succeeded in getting Mr Speight out of the department and this action was commenced he (Mr. Syme) thought nothing would come of it. THE REPORTERS AND THE OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS But when we came down to business, and Mr. Syme realised Mr Speight was able to bring an action and rehabilitate his character, then Mr Syme set to work with a verse since The knew then that the statements he had made were untrue, but he did not withdraw a single syllable, but went on to light it out And how did he fight it out' With the assistance of his friend, Wheeler, Minister of Railways Wheeler gave a written authority to the Age reporters to inspect letters and books left by Mr. Speight in the office, and the Age reporters were so much in the office that a special Government man was set apart to watch the papers The Age knew their accusations were untrue, and set to work to see what they could find out. All the charges were in 1891 92, whilst what the Aye culled proofs dated back to 1851 5 0. Mr Purves in his address asked what was to be expected but mistakes in the articles when there is not an honest book or accountant to be seen in the department" I was in intensely amused at that, because the Age had no information, but went round afterwards to find that to the in their charges. The evi (lenceastothehandingoverotMr Reynolds's shorthand notes to the Age reporters tended to show that Mr Francis was never consulted in the matter, and that it was Mr Kibble who was running the Age defence Mr Speight's ally isers got hold of the letter of authority, and learned that Mr Syme was going through the office in order to get evidence against Speight, not to support facts, but in order to make charges against him Mr. Speight took this position "I don't care. you may look at any document you like , but I think it only right if the department is going to prostitute itself before the -life: that I should know what documents they look at so that I should have an opportunity of preparing my defence. The commissioners wrote back that they have no knowledge of the Age, and that all news papers have an opportunity of seeing the departmental books and papers We can't get any satisfaction out of the commissioners, and so we write to the Minister conveying the same request. The answer, Mr Kelleher said, was diplomatic I will ask you to say that it is a good deal more than diplomatic They write, " It has not been made known for what purpose the documents are. required, and therefore it would be quite impossible to say what documents have been seen I should describe them by shorter time than "diplomatic" Suppose the Age brought an action for libel against you, do you think the Government would let you look back through all the paper for eight years translate all the documents, and take the books home with you? You will remember that before all these articles were printed they were taken down and shown to Mr Kibble, who read them over. by Mr. Kibble had then left the department. Why did the Age send these articles to Mr Kibble at the Royal Hotel? I think I can tell you at once. Mr. DLAKUV.-There is no evidence of that Mr. Dour.-There is ample evidence of it. Mr. DE IMS -One article alone. Mr. Dui'i'i.-They were taken down and read to him for his suggestions, and it they were of value they were adopted. The article is published. The series is completed. Mr Speight goes, and then very much against his own will-for the good of the country only-Mr Kibble becorats commissioner That is the effect of these articles, and you can make what you like of it. THE AGE STRICTURES I propose now to read the libels, and as I do so to make some comments on them the first set of articles are devoted to filling the public mind with the belief that Mr Gillies and Mr Speight tamed on the business of the department on what Artemus Ward calls the principle of "You scratch my back and 111 scratch yours In other words that Mr. Speight allowed Mr Gillies to please his lot loves with her gifts out of the Railway department, and Mr Gillies in return in creased his salary) That is the most y are odious vicious insinuation that can be possibly made against a man And I will tell you why How can you show the falsity of a statement that one man is conspiring with another to spend the Government money ' His assertion is that these members of Parliament have been debauched, bribed by the department to support Gillies against their conscience How do they prove that because Mr Rijnolels says that there were more members of Parliament than usual who came to the department, and that members of all shades of politics not only Mr Gillies s followers caine to the department on business and one of those men was actually a member of the new Government that was John Gavan Duffy) Mr Reynolds said that more members came, but it was hard] ingenuous of my learned friend to leave out the latter part of the sentence which was that more people of all sorts cant be trust Mr Speight exercised both the duties of a Ministry and of its responsible head And he adds that so far as he could see there was no political influence whatever exercised Ihenixtartiole8a)s There in no doubt about the fact that political influence had been established in the railway insured ment at the time Mr Gillies proposed to largely in crea of the salary of the conuuibttiouers who were already handsomely paid and the question, arises whether that increase was not the reward of the coin mibsioiieiB sunscreen.) They go on There is nothing very surprising in the fact that Mr. Gillies and the Railway to me issioners worked 1 harmoniously together when the Minister could oin 1 loy the department as to political force and the com- i lltwiotiera their salaries higher than the law allowed thin and had prospects of further advances They had not a solitary word of evidence to support that although they have rummaged the department high and low What proof do they give but every member of Parliament, Gillies s supporters and Gillies s oppo Hewitt), was in the habit of attending dispute tions My learned friend has so dexterously mingled together fact and fiction that he reminds me of nothing so much in the world us that pastime of taking little bits of old Greek and Latin poems to the gods and goddesses and making up a Christian he ran Out of little facts here and there he has managed to make a most imposing picture, only it won't hold together. It is like a patchwork quilt a little bit here and a little bit there, and no real material or substance in it. I shall take a few of the patches The first is the most important, because it is the most bitter. The Age found among the letters one from Mr. P. C. Mason to this effect Dent Mr Speight, The matter referred to in the enclosed letter has been know it locally about a week or more, and was advertised in the press of Morwell for some time Can not this and similar information be given to members as soon as the commis- sioners approve of it instead of letting us have It secondhand, when the news is stale and unprofitable A word from you would get this, and would be greatly appreciated by a huge number of members hay etc Don't make this official " " Unprofitable," said my learned friend, as though Mr. Mason cared for nothing that he could not make a £5 note out of. Of course, it is a quotation from a well known play. Then, my learned friend went on " More plain, damnable, and unanswerable evidence of political influence no man ever held in his hand than that letter. I do not care what class of the community you belong to you must hold that opinion Here in black and white is the evidence of downright political nepotism. . . . It is as plain as the broad road you travel on, for does it not show that the man who dared to write that knew that the man he was writing to was ready to work with him' Well, I say that if Mr. Purves had made that statement any where else but in court there would have been but one answer, gentlemen. That would have been a blow A blow, gentlemen That statement, to use Mr. Purves's own words, is damnable and nothing but damnable. What did Mr. Speight do with the letter? He in mediately tried it in his office, and there it remained from 1880 until found by the reporters in 1892 That showed Mr. Speight was honestly carrying on the work of the department Richard Speight may say this of himself, that, whatever may happen, his honesty cannot be impugned whatever records bring to light he can never be ashamed. THIS CASE OF MR. KEYS The next little matter is Mr Keys, who was said by Mr Purves to have been invited to call at the department in reference to some road. Mr Purves as a fact has mixed up two letters on different subjects. Mr Keys did not call at the department in the way described, but wrote an official letter in 1889, not as a member of Parliament, but as secretary of the shire-a purely eli ml letter, written by direction of the shire The other letter in 1888 he did write is a mi asset of Parliament, but only as deputed by a public meeting to ask when the line to Mordialloc would be duplicated, and where the railway station would be Mr Keys in his letter said his best course was to apply to Mr. Speight direct instead of through the LegislativoAssemblyloranbwers to those simple questions and as it feet from that time to this no change whatever had been made in the position of the station, although Mr Purves said that Mr Ivejs asked for a "boom station," and that of course he got it 'MID STEPHENS CASE The next point is as to Mr Zox and the man Stephens Mr '¿OK was quite overcome at his old friend, Mr. Purves, 'was butting him up and theiiBivullowinglninr (Laughter ) Mr, -ox felt particularly the remarks of Mr. Purves in reference to Mr. Hyman, gold chains, and characteristically complained, "Here I am, a bachelor, and Mr. Purves hasknownthatforycars.ondyetheistryingto shackle me with Hyman schnins."(Laughter.) As to the man Stephens, Mr. Purves says, "This man was first of all rejected for colour blindness As soon as Mr. Cox comes on the scene, Mr. Reynolds writes down that the man must be re-examined." My learned friend, In order to make the letter fit in, puts in the word "re." There is not spell a word in the letter. In fact, the letter has nothing to do with the case at all. It is written a year afterwards ; has reference to the case of a man named Hewston, and has nothing whatever to do with the matter. I don't know where or how my Ment! got it, but they have as much to do with one another us this court has to do with the Tower of Babel. That destroys the whole thing, that's all I have got to say-. The letter is dated July, 1887 ; the second certificate, which is supposed to have been given after that letter, is dated September, 1880. Not only is that so, but on looking at the papers we find that not only has Dr. Jonassen not been hurried up to make the second examination, but the man had been examined and declared eligible before Mr. Zox got on to the subject at all. The first examination was made on August 3, ISSUe three months before Mr. Zox wrote, and the second examination was made September 4, 1886, or two months before Mr. Zox wrote-and Stephens was never employed at all. The insinuation by Mr. Purves is that this man was examined and thrown out, that then Mr. "ox wrote, and instantly a second bogus examination was made and the man was employed. My learned friend says, " I think I have read you that letter before and pointed out how easy it was to get over any rule or regulation whatever. ? THE CASE OF MR. SMALL. The next case is that of Mr. Small, a constituent of Mr. Zox, who wanted to buy a piece of land from the Railway department and was refused. Then Mr. Purves says, " Then Mr. Zox pleads," and he reads you a letter which never existed: "Dear Speight, You did not know this was an important constituent of mine, and it will affect me directly.' Now, my clear Speight, look at the matter again. " Then," says Mr. Purves. " Mr. Speight said Of course I will, and does it. The result was that he does not say of course I will, and does not do it, because Small never gets the land. Mr. DEAKIN Yes, he did. Mr. DOFFV.-Ile never gets the land until the present commissioners come in. They gave it to him on May 16, 1892, for £250, two months after Mr. Speight left. The true fact is that Mr. Speight has a valuation made and that Mr. Small cannot agree to the terms, and waits until Mr. Speight goes out of office and then buys it from the new commissioners for £250. THE CASE OF MR. A. 15. SMITH. Next we have the case of Mr. A. 15 Smith. You have heard Mr. Purves say that Mr. Zox was the plaintiffs friend, and that he held a power of attorney for him, and that therefore he held a sway over Mr. Speight In the case of Smith, Mr. Zox is told that he can call and see the papers, and Mr. Purves confessed that that was not a very serious matter ; but he says it indicates a shocking state of affairs. Now, the fact is, that Mr. Zox never saw Mr. Speight over that matter at all, and Mr. Speight had nothing to do with it. Mr. Zox wrote to Mr. Labertouche an official letter asking why a constituent of his had been dismissed, as the man was anxious to know the reason, and Mr. Labertouche writes in reply to say that he had looked into the matter, and was satisfied that the man was properly dismissed, but that any time Mr. Zox was up that way he could look at the papers. Now that was a perfectly proper official correspondence between Mr. Zox and the secretary of the department, and Mr. Zox, who is supposed to have had influence over Mr. Speight, never saw him over the matter at all, but applied to the secretary The case was adjourned until the following day. 