THE A.VSMCAX PRESS. (Mollioiirnc Argua.) Three distinguished American jour nalists, two of them being themselves editors of great New York dailies, have just been discussing in the Forum the character und trend of American jour niilisin. And the discussion is highly interesting nut, only to the philosopher, who believes that the broad sheet of a great journal is a reflex of tho national character, but to " the man in the street,-' who is curious to know all the forces, personal and financial, which go to thc. evolution of that final product of modern civilization, a big newspaper. These American experts, apparently without intending it, give a somewhat smoke-coloured picture of the moral mid literary visage which a prosperous American journal of thc present day wears. Tho journalist's vocation in America has apparently almost every curse a human l ocation could well know, lt is uncertain in the highest degree; it uses up and casts aside, its votary before lifo is half spent. The journalist is | a slave to the caprices of a big news- paper proprietor. He is sent on tasks which would try the self-respect of a Parisian mon ilia rd, and lias alternations of fortune which would appear extreme if fouud in (lie pages of the Arabianl Xiijlitx Kiitertainuwit. A reporter, says Mr. .1. \V. K.KLLliii, tho editor of the A'cir York Itucardnr, linty be despatched | "to interview the servants of a house- hold with regard to the domestic differ- ences of their master and mistress ;" if he should succeed with the servants, " his next assignment may be lo play the spy on some lady or gentleman." Thus In: will climb by degrees to " the proud position of a 'sneak' reporter." Amongst his lighter social duties is in- cluded that of "assisting" at a banquet on an invitation sent to his newspaper, from behind a screen, where he is care- fully 'placed, out of sight, while the guests proper regale themselves at the table. After ti career alternating be- twixt such excitements he will end as "one of those grey ghosts that haunt Newspaper Row, asking for work which is seldom given, begging a little money from this friend or that, and dying, at last, so poor that docent burial is vouch- safed only through the meagre charity of thc Press Club." As an cx.nnplc of the sudden alternations of employment in American journalism, Mr. KELLEN tells a story of the city editor of a great New York daily, who "was famous throughout the world of journalism as the greatest news condenser of his time." He committed the indiscretion of ceas- ing to be young, and was peremptorily cast adrift, and had to subsist on casual work as a reporter, lie was despatched to look up sonic petty crime on the river one stormy night, and was found dead amid the floating ice. This, says Mr. KF.LLED, " is but one of a long list of similar tragedies." A gi-cat Amer- ican daily, apparently, has about much bowels as a cotton-jinny. The most significant fcatii i-e of Amer- ican journalism, however, is the drift clearly visible in it towards a quite new literary type. One great philanthropist in 1813, bequeathed a legacy to the Philadelphia Library on condition that no part of it wus ever spent in the purchase of newspapers ; journals, he declared, being mci« " teachers of dis- connected thinking." A few months ago, however, another philanthropist left ")0,000dol. to the Boston Public Librar)' on condition that the whole income of his gift should be devoted to the purchase of newspapers ; these being ho held, the most nutritious form of literature extant. These two facts would seem to show that journalism in America during the hist half century has undergone a most benelicial change. Mr. UiLMKit SPEL'D, however, himself a journalist of the highest standing, de- clares that the American . press is in brief, developing in the direction of the Pit, and he proves this unpleasant thesis by .odd but conclusive evidence. He takes an issue of four great New York dailies, the Tribune, the World, the Time», and the »S'w, on a given Sunday ] in 1881, and another issue on thc same Sunday in and carefully analyses their contents, with a view of ascertain- ing what changes have taken place in the literary food they ofter to their readers, and the result is highly instruc- tive. Wc have not space to publish Mr. ClLMKlt SPERM'S table in full, but give its leading features : UUM'NNN C I'AI'WIK, SllbjFCl. I!v)iirlim-i Srk'iltiflc .. l'oliticat Literary .. The issues compared, it will be noted, aie those of ¡Sunday editions, in which the journal is supposed to put on its best literary attire ; but tho figures we give show that the trend of American journalism, even in its Sunday form, is steadily for the worse. Science, it is true, hus slightly increased, but it still proves a less interesting theme than scandal. Politics pule before sport. Art yields lo crime and criminals. Religion has almost tinnily emigrated from even Sunday editions ; literature lias shrunk nearly .50 per cent.; while gossip has expanded like the released genii of the Arabian tale, until it blackens the whole journalistic sky. The journal which shows the most marked signs of literary and moral decay, is the Sun, which, twelve yearn ago, was the "cleanest'' and now is the most "enterprising" of the groat New journals; and Hr. OlLMHlt Sl'i:i:n is ' very emphatic as to the flavour of its scandals. A newspaper hus boen de- scribed as "the history of the world fur aday" hut if we were to judge of t he planet by the "history '' supplied in the casi« referred to we should draw some very strange conclusions. It is surely nu amazingly shabby world, with a par- ticularly unpleasant history, and whose ^ population justifias CARLYLE'S grim du tiiiitioii of "mostly fools." CcrUiiuh it in a population that cares little ubini art or science ; and still less nbou religion ; and whose chief delight ii found iu gossip, iictioii, and sporting. If the (igures given by Mr. (SIMIKI Spiiiiiirc.illy indicate the set of the soeiu current in America, there is cause foi serious concern amongst those who cart for the future of this branch of tin Bullish-speaking race. Not much eui: be hoped from a community whose literary appetite .sn closely resembles that of FnlstafTs in another realm. To so poor a halfpennyworth of art 01 religion it demands such an intolerable amount of gossip. lt is not always easy, however, lo determine the relation betwixt a great newspaper and i ti readers ; or to say, when wc (ind an ignoble literary appetite and an ignoble ty I ie of journalism existing side by side, which is cause and which is ulled. Sometimes a newspaper corrupts itt renders, and sometimes its readers corrupt a newspaper. It is idle, of course, in journalism as in any other Held of human life to set the standard too high. A newspaper conducted on too "heroic" methods, it may be frankly admitted, would die of .sheer lack of purchasers, lt is easy to con- ceive of such a journal sailing through the literary empyrean, and concerned willi no events of less dignity than, say, the movements of tho planets and thc rise and fall of kingdoms : ifs editor a sort of Sir Galahad, with scissor instead of sword, and riding in search of " copy " much as the hero of Tenny- son's ballad rode in search of the finngreul. Hut the editor of such an ethereal journal, as Mr. Miller, tho editor of the Xnw York Timm, justly contends, would be " made miserable in the struggle between his moral duty and his carnal opportunities." Its publisher would be in continuai pain, ¡md its cashier in continual idleness. A journal must, of course, reflect all the varied life and tastes of the community to which it nets ns a mirror and a literary sounding-board. It ought not to he always straddling about on moral and literary stilts, or discussing the higher politics and the more recondite forms of science. Honest sport tills a large space in the lives of multitudes, and a journal must reçoit] this. Fiction is a legitimate form of literature, and has, in fact, a great teaching ollice. Gossip even, ns long as it does not listen .at the keyhole or talk with slanderous or venomous tongue, may claim its justly unashamed audience. lt is an absui-d affectation for a journal to pro- tend to inhabit a loftier world than (he men and women who are its readers. But admitting all this, it yet remains true that the literary and mom! drift discernible in New York journalism is a very ugly social symptom. There are some " successes " which self-respecting journalism will always reckon bought at loo dmr a rate. 