'BLACK Gilt'ST" STORY. Sir Richard Owen hid two remarkable ghost stories, and one of these, perhaps tho better of two, is related by a "Daily News" correspondent. In his early days, when surgpon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died therein. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put into the coffin und the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the lime been already attracted to the study of com parative anatomy, and negroes' heads wera not plentiful : so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison ivitli a black bag containing a brick-from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mor tuary, where the coffin lid was-unscrewed and screwed do»n again. During this pro cess the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal ens ranee to the gaol lias ft considerable descent; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up , caught the bag, and follow ing the head clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next, morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman of the shop where the accident had occuri ed on the pre vious evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, ahe said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures amongst tho West India islands, when deeds were done that did not at that time require to bo ac counted for. Among these had been the kill ing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble oil his conscience. After giving these details the old captain told of the horrible evont that took place the night before. He was sitting in the shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of tho counter, and it was followed by the devil, pll in black, with a black bag in his hand. The devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth li|>e a flash of lightning. The descript ion wis perhaps not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity had not been recognised. 