joLftc gtorg-^dkr. THE TRAINER'S GHOST. [Br L. GALBRAITII.] Author o£ "The Ca?e of Lady Lukestan," anil other Ghost Stories. The " Cat and Compass" was shut in for the night. The front of the bouse was dark and silent, fcr it WAS long past dosing time, bat from one of the rear ground-floor windows a thin abaft of yellow light gleamed through the falling rain, and indioated' that behind the •hatters of the snug bar parlour, in a cheerful atmosphere of tcb&oco; smoke and the odorous steam of hot "Scotch," Mr. Samuel Vicary, licensed victualler, and two other congenial spirits, were "making a night of it." "It's too late for Downey now," the landlord remarked, with a glance at the clojk, as lie touted forward to knock out hiB pipe on the bob. • "Twenty past 12, and raiuing like blasefe. Curt® the weather. If' it holds on like this, * The Ghoul' wilt have his work out out to get round the old course on Thursday with 8 none 9." " NoVwith that lot behind him," rejoined a seedyindivid ual who eat on the farther aide of the table. "I've watched them pretty carefully. The Taca lies between -us and the favourite: tnd, with Downey up, she's safe enough, it's real jam this time—eh, Mr. Davis The gentleman- indioated-drained his glass with an unctuous smile. His exterior suggested the prosperous undertaker. As a matter of fact he was a bookmaker in a big way of business, and suspected, moreover, of having considerable interest in a stable notoriousfor the in-and-out running of its horses. "That's about the sire of it," he answered, drawing in bis thick lips with a gentle, sucking •Bound, expressive of inward satisfaction. " Prime whisky this, Vicary. I'll take another tot. _ Yea, it is a big thing, and, after this, Davis, Smiles, and Go. must lie quiet for a bit. There'll be plenty of fools to ory over burnt fingers by Monday; and what with Stewards meddling where they've no cause to Interfere, and the Press writing up a lot of rot Kbout 'rings' and such like, and the Jockey Olub holding enquiries, a man must mind his P's and Q's in these days. Racing is going to the dogs, and soon there'll be so making a •decent living on the turf. How it does rain to be Bute. 1 shouldn't care to find myself abroad to-night." " Here's some poor devil as has gob to face it,"said the tout, as the sound of horse hoofs «choed dowu the quietroad. " Ain't he comine It lick, too! He's not afraid of bustling his -battle." ' "Small bis me to him either in weather like this," grunted the landlord, removing bis pipe to listen. "Why, that's Downey's hack. I'd Sirfe&r; to her gallop among a thousand. To think, now, of his turning up at this time of ihight." " The clattc-r of hoofs ceased, and the men «prang to their feet. In the silence that followed they heard the muffled slam of a closing -jjSte, and tho clink of shoes on the stones of the yard outside. Vicaiy snatched up the lamp «nd hurried to the door, while the visitors looked at each other. . ** Tis Downey sure enough," said the bookmaker, spitting energetically into the fire. "Now, what brings him here BO late? He hasn't pelttd over from Hawkhurat in the teeth of this storm for the pleasure of our ^^fSL^SfJ" 1^ DTmTI,„ h: mmU „„ v-. ! ' lioret, Thrbefore new comer the landlord had swnng_ could himself unfasten off his the -door. "Yes, it's me—Downey," was his answer to that worthy's cautious challenge. "Look sharp with that chain and let me get under cover. I'm stiff with the oold, I can tell you, and the mare is about beat." The chain fell with a clank; and Vicary Sung back the door. •f'Comein, come in," he cried, holding the lamp above Lis head to get a better view of his "visitor. ** Lord! bow it do rain ! Get ont of that ooatand puts tot of whisky inside you, while I see to the mate. 'Tis all right," he added, «theoth frje,ked his head mterrogatively in the direction of the bar-parlour, "there's only Tb us assured, the fresh arrival went forward, the water dripping from his soaked hat and covert coat, and trickling in little black streams over the wtllstonsTpasBage; while Vicary, flinging a rug across his shoulders, led the tired horse round to the stables. ' When he returned, to the parlour Downey -was dry inr himself before the fire, a smoking ; tumbler in his hand, and a good cigar between h:« lips. . "Well?" enquired the landlord, setting down the lamp with a keen glance at the disturbed countenances of the three men. " I | | take it, you d id not come through this rain for nothing. MIOK. IS Is auffnt aught toe tbe matterT f • " Blatter Matter enougn, enouirh " ejaouMra eiaculated Dummy, Slimmv : going to upset our pot. Vicaiy laughed. "Go on with yon," he said derisively, " they've nothing at Malton as can oollar the "Ghoul." "Don't you be so precious sharp," the tout retorted. " Wait till yon hear what Do xrnay'a g ' • i ' *The jockey shifted his cigar to the other side sSBSflSi-JTAiaiLrsiK Bericeley e name—the Captain, bun as sold the Mai ton-place to Gonlscm. ' The Captain's been stone broke this three year," put in Vicary. " How did he come by thecoh?" "Picked him np in tbe dales, from what I gather (he'd always a care eye for a horsa had Hie Captain), and fancied him so that be got Alick to take half-share, and lend the purchasemoney into the bargain, I reckon. The Coolsons always thought a lot of the old Eatnily. It wouldn't be the first time one of them had helped a Berkeley out of a tight place." "That's true," the landlord. "Markham told me old Alick held enough of tbe equire's paper to cover a room. There wasn't anything he'd have ctock at to keep him on his legs. I remember bim saying onoe in that very bar there, 'I'd come from hell,' be save,, to stand by one of the old Btcck. Fifteen years ago this very day it was, just before the Ebor, and the last time I e\'er saw the old ohap alive, for Bine Ruin kicked tbe life ont of him in bis box at Malton on the morning of the race. Nothing would serve tbe squire but the horse must be shot the same night. Lord, what a shindy there was. And if it weren't like one of old Berkeley's tool's tricks to 'blue' twelve hundred pounds that way, end him pot knowing where to turn for the ready. But about this colt. If he's such a clipper how is it nobody heard of him before this i" " Coulson has kept him dark. He's been trained at Beverley, and they only brought him to Malton three weeks back. The lad tells me he has been doing some very good work, and lie is ta be tried in the morning with Cream Cheete—that is schoolmaster to tbe Leger -crack. Now look here, if the oolt can beat Cream Cheese at a stone he's s moral for the Ebor. On a heavy course hell walk right Away from tbe Ghoul, and put us in the cart." . . The landlord whistled. " j "-.Yon are sure the lad's square?" " I'd peel the flesh off his bones if I thought . be was patting the doable on me; bat he daren't try ... it. Coulson _ as good „ •wore the boys over to hold their tongues, but (Vm Tom mlvb says tl».Kt*hla the stable in is thuti that swmti sweet on hi« his nh«ww ctitnoe they'll put their shirts on the oolt at starting price*" "Who's to ride him?' "Alick's head lad, The brute has a temper, and won't stand much fooling about; but Jevons and he understand each other, and his orders are to get him off well, and sit still." "I suppose now," suggested tbe bookmaker, "this Jevons ain't a reasonable sort of chap." Downey grinned. "As well try to square Coulson himBelf. He is one of your Sundayschool and Ten Commandments sort, iB Jevons. Besides, his father was the old squire's seoond horseman, and the lad -.••.uigwuniii was brought up in >u .in the fitables. He " sweats bv the Berkelnv* and ' — i—J - v. n j toButasiKikein the captain's wheel.' " Do you know what time the trial is to come off?" "About 6. I reckoned on'Slimmy's being within call, for there is precious little time to lose. It is light by 4." "I'm game," said the toot," if Mr. Vicary will lend me something to take me over." The landlord consulted his watch. " Halfpast 1," he said. " Let's .see; its close on fifteen mile to Conlson's. Ill drop yon at the Pig-and-Whistle. Yon can get over tbe fields from Gunny's corner in twenty minutes." "You know your way?" queried Davis nneasily. "Every yird of it, guv'nor. Coulson and me Is old friends so long as we don't happen to meet. There is a nice bit of cover at the end of tbe ground where I can lie snug. Will you wait for me. Mr. Vicary ?' "Aye, 111 be on the road by Gunny's at 7\. What for you, Downey; oan we give you a shakedown here?" "No thank yoa: I'm off,"answered the jockey, laughing; "you're altogether too vrarm in this comer foi a nioe young man like me. I'm putting up at the Great Northern, and shall see you and Davis for the first time on tho conree, and not more than I can help of you then." Tbe rain bid cleared off, and the first pals rifts in the eiutern sky were broadening into grey dawn before Mr. Slimmy, from the convenient elevation of a friendly elder- bosh, (aught Bight of a line of dark spooks moving across the wold, and gradually resolving themselves into a ttring of horses. "Herethey come," ho murmured, pocketing the flat bottle from which he had been ref ri shing bis inner man, and working himself cautiously forward on the stout bough, wh le he parted the leaves with his left hand to command a better view. " And here's youn-j Alick end the Captain. I thought as much," he added, triumphantly, for the trainer and Berkeely hod cantered up and reined in their hacks within ten paces of his hiding-place. In a very few minutes the horses were stripped tnd got into line. They will start themselves," said Coulson, " and take it easy for the first half-mile. Tiien jrn'lUee, Captain, that there is very little {t arbut what the colt will give a good account of himself to-morrow. There they go. and a good start too." The horses jumped oS together, a big chestt ut, which even in the half-light Slimmy had leoognieed as Cream Cheese, coming to the front, with a clear lead. The soft drum of the hoofs on the moist ground died a (ray, and the two men stood up in their stirrups, following with keen eye the dim outline of the horses es they rounded the curve and swept into the straight, the chestnut still showing the way, with his stable companion and a powerfullooking bay in close attendance. "There he goes!" was the tout's mental ejaculation, for, at the bend for home, a dork horse crept up on the inside, and, taking up the ranning at half distance, came on and finished easily with a couple of lengths to spare. Coulson turned to his companion with a smile. " Hell do, Captain. The money is as good as banked. You can put on his olothes, Jevons, and take him home. He's a clipper, and no mistake. He came up the straight like "Socket," suggested Berkeley. "How's that for a name? By Gunpowder out of Falling Star—not bad, I think." "Couldn't be better," was the hearty answer." " A few more of his sort, and we'll soon have you back at the Hall, MaBter Charles. I thall live to lead in a Derby winner for you jet. Lord ! I think it would almost bring the eld man out of hie grave to know the Berkeleys Lad their own again." The words were hardly past his lips when a crack,-like the report of a pistol, close behind tfcem, made both men jump as if they had been shot. Mr. Slimmy, who, having heard and seen all Le wanted, was in the aqf of bsating amasterly retreat, had unfortunately set his foot on a rotten branch, which instantly snapped beneath his weight. Taken by surprise, the tout lost his foothold and his balance at the same time, made an ineffectual grab at the stringing Loughs, pitched forward, and, despite his wild endeavours to recover himself, descended precipitately in a shower of leaves and dry twigs on the wrong side of the hedge. " Where the deuce did thefellow comefrom ?" ejaculated Berkeley, as he gezed blankly at the heap on the grcund. Coulson's only an-wcr was to saving himself off his horse end fling tie bridle to his companion. Ihe quick- witted trainer had reckoned up the situation in a moment, and before the luokless Slimmy could gather himself together Conlson's hand was on his collar, and Conlson's "crop" was cracking and curling about his person, picking out the tenderest parts with a scientific precision that made him Writhe and twist in frintic effwts to freehim- Belf self frnm from fch«t that iron «rrin. grip. Bub But the trainer Rtncul stood six feet in his socks, and was well built. He held his victim like a rat, while his strong right arm brought -the lash whistling down again and again with a force that cut through the tout's seedy clothing like a knife. '"For God's sake, Coulson" cried Casta-ln Eerkeley, "hold hard, or you will kill the man." "And a.good thing, too,"said the trainer, r< linqnishing his hold on Slimmy with a suddenness that sent him sprawling into the muddy ditch. " I know him, and 111 have no touting on my place. If he shows his face here again, he'll find himself in the horsepond. Stop fig^ft that row," £ he went on, turning to c where 3 * £ White with rage and pain, the tout picked hfmself up and scrambled through the gap in : the hedge as fast as hiB aching limbs could 1 carry b m. But when he had but a safe (istanc - between himself and Coulson, he turned and ebook his fist at the trainer's retreating figure. " Curse you," he saii, with a horrible imprecation. " 111 pay you ont for this. I'll be even with you if I swing for it, B'help me if I ain't." Owner and trainer rode home in silence. Coulson was a good deal upset by the disccvery that his horse was being watched. He ! had recognised Slimmy, and Slimmy was known . r—-—?r , ——- --—,——— I to b w-ed e , in toBttck th ? ? m P at lo nothinir. y » and on popularly tee»T»Vi1«of eup- f trying to get at a horse that threatened to up set their game. Then, again, the arrangements and time of tho trial bad been kept so quiet j that it seemed impossible the tout could get \ Wind of it, except from some one directly con- I neoted with the stables. Altogether Coulson i felt uneasy, and, ^ r S S Z j mentioned'his supioions to his head lad, in 1 ' ! j rsar^s^Js-*. | room, sir t ; it is EO seldom used that anouteider 1 would not think mMW nf tIln »« of trying ^ H it, and there isn't many of the lads as would^like to mx about in ,• ^reto-ni ght,leastwaysnotoneasha, a bad j coraraerce. _ : Coulson knew what he meant. In the bux ' next the saddle room his father, old Alick Coulson, had come by bis end, kioked to death by the Ebor favourite on the very eve of the j i race. A training-stable is not exactly a hotbed of superstition, but, without doubt, a feeling did exist in oonneotion with that par icular box, and, as Jevons had said, it was very rarely ufed. j "Shall you like to sit up there yourself?" ! ^ S S S d H 3 3 5 a!l. He said be did not hold with ghosts and such like, ana he was sure a sportsman like the old master would know better than to come upsetting the colt - and spoiling his Jevons' nerve just before the race. Still, as there was gas in the saddleroom and a fire, iC Mr. Coulson bad no objection, he might as well sit there, and look in every now and again to see bis charge next door was getting on all right. i The trainer readily agreed. He had a high opinion of the laA a coolness and commontense, but he also felt that to pass the nicht alone and without a light in a place which, however undeservedly, had the reputation of being haunted, and that, too, on the very anniversary of the tragedy from which the superstition took its rise, was a performance calculated to try the strongest nerves, and he preferred that Jevons should not face the ordeaL Indeed, it struck bim as he left the lad for • the night that he would scarcely have cared to undertake the watch himself. It might be fancy, but there was a queer feel about the plaoe. " Fifteen years ago to-night," thought Coulscn, " since an Ebor crack stood in that box. It was a dark horse, too, and owned by the I ' ' , ' squire. It is a coincidence, anyway. No, I shouldn't care to take on Jevons's job." Nor was he alone in his conclusions. Several other people expressed a similar conviction, notably Jevons's subordinate, who had heard o f , t , h , e arrangement in the morning. I wouldn t be m Bill s shoes to-night—no. net for fifty down," he said, [and slipped off unobserved to the nearest box to post a letter. The communication be dispatched was addressed to " S. Downey. Esq., Great Northern Hotel, York," and was marked " immediate." The lad was going over to the races in tho afternoon, and felt tolerably certain of getting speech with the jockey; but he was a careful young man, and wisely left nothing to chance. _ Itwanted fifteen minutes to midnight. Outside, the nieht was as black as your hat—not a vestige of a biooo, not a single star to break the uniform darkness of the tky. With Bun- £et a noi s y blustering wind had sprung up, j rattling about the chimneys, clashing the w 3t branches, and deadening the sound of cautious footfalls creeping across the paddock in the direction of the stables. Jevons was sitting over tbe saddle-room fire, with bis pipe and the Sporting Life for company, and the remains of his supper beer on the table beside him. From time to time he took a lantern and went to look at his charge. The colt had been quiet enough all tbe earlier part of the evening, but for the last half-hour Jevons fancied he could hear him fidgeting about on the other side of the wall. " What ails the brute?" he said to himself laying down his pipe to listen. _ The wind dropped suddenly, making the silence all the more intense by contrast with the previous roar ; and through the stillness Jevons.heard the clink of a bucket, and the sound of some one moving about in the loosebox. He sprang to his feet and snatched up the lantern. His eole idea was that some one was trying to get at the horse, and his hand was c.n the revolver in his breast-pocket when he opened the door. So strong was the impression that he was positively surprised to find no fign of an iutruder. The colt was lying in the farthest corner and perfectly quiet. Jevons looked all round. There was certainly nothing to eee', but it struck him that tbe air felt trery old, and he shut the door. The instant it closed behind him a dark shadow fell across the square of light issuing from the entrance to the saddle-room. "Now's your time, Slimmy," whispered Mr. Vicary. " Nip in and doctor his liquor. Tliis is getting precious slow." The beer stood on a table barely two paces from the door. Stretching out his arm, the tout emptied the contents of a small bottle into tbe jug, and crept noiselessly baak to his hiding-place. " Thtre% a deuce of a draught in here," said Jevons to himself," and where it comes from fairly beats me." He held up his hand at different heights, trying to test the direction of the chill current oi air. But it seemed to come from every quarter at once, and shifted continually. The lad struck a lucifer, and held it level with his shoulder. To his utter astonishment the flame burnt clear and steady, though he could feel the cold draught blowing on his face, and even Btirring the hair on his closely cropped head. "That'Barum go," he said, staring at the match es it died out. He backed a few steps towards tbe wall, the dtpnght was fainter; when be ocme level with the horse it ceased altogether. "You are wise, my lad, to stick to this corner," Jevons remarked aB he looked at the colt; " it's enough to blow your head off on the other side. Well, it must have been the wind I heard, for there ain't nothing here." He locked the door and went back to the saddle-toom. The hands of the American clock on the narrow mantelpiece pointed to 12. Jevons loaded his pipe, poured out the rest of the beer, and took a long pull. Then he kicked the fire together, and looked about for a match. "Now, where did I put that box," be said, staring stupidly round. "Where did I put that—what is it I'm looking for? What's got my head? It's all of a swim." He felt for a chair and sat down, holding his hands to his heavy eyes. The lids felt a? if they were weighed with lead. The gaa danced in a golden mist that blinded him, and the whole room was spinning round and round. Then the pipe dropped from hie nerveless fingers, and his head forward on the table. "He'ssafe," muttered Vicary, as he softly pushed the door ajar and surveyed the unconscious lad. "That's prime stuff to keep the baby quiet. Here's the key, Slimmy; IH bring the light. When we've damped the powdfr in that there rocket Coulson will wish he hadn't been so handy with bis crop this morning." Slimmy turned the key in the lock and looked into the box; then he gave & slight start, and drew quickly back. " What's up?" enquired the land'o:d. "Go IB, it's all right." "Sh!" whispered the tout, "he might hear you." "Hear us? Not he, nor the last day neit'ier, if it come now." He was thinking of .Jevons. but Slimmy pulled to the door and held it. " There's some one in there," he muttered; " an old chap. He's sitting on a bucket right in front of the horse." " Did he Eee you ?" " I don't know ; his back was turnel an 1 Le looked asleep like." He leaned forward, listening intently, but not a tound came from behind the closed door. " Coulson din't mean to be caught napping," said Vicary under his breath. "Is it a stable band ?" "A cut above that,'' returned the other, in tbe same tone. " 'Tis queer he should keep so quiet." They waited a few min ite?, but eeryth'n? was still. "Seehere," whispered Slimmy, untwisting tbe muffler he wore round his neck, " there ain't no manner of use standing here all night. Give me the stick. If I can get past him quiet I will; but if he moves you be ready to slip the handkerchief over his head. He can't make much of a fight agen the two of us, and we ain't got this far to be stalled off by an old crock like him; keep well behind him. Never mind tbe lantern. He's got a light inside." There was a light inside, but where it oame would have been difficult to say. It fell clear as a limelight over half the box, and beyond the shadow lay black and impenetrable a wall of darkness. As he crossed the threshold Slimmy felt a blast of cold air sweep towards him, striking a strange chill into his very bones. Straightopposite stood a horse, and before him an old man was sitting on.a reversed bucket, his elbow resting on his knee, his head on his band. To all appearances he was asleep. But even in that intense stillness the tout could cauhnoeound of bieathiug. His own heart was thumping against his ribs with the force cf a sledge hammer. , He , felt ... his flesh creeping ^eping j rirtaiJ with i T h ^ l X sicken ng. Fear? Yes, that was the word; horribly afraid. And of whao? Of a weak i old man, for whom he would have been more than a match single-handed, and they were two to one. What a fool he was, to be sure! With a desperate effort he pulled himself together »UU and went NVUV LUINOIU, forward, MO his eye warily ixed on tbe silent figure. Neither man nor pocket and felt for the bottle which was to ; settle the Rocket's chances for the Lbor! Hw fingers were on the cork, when the silence was broken by a sound that brought a oold sweat out on his forehead and lifted the hair on his heed. It was a low chuckling laugh. The ^ o n ^ o ^ f ^ J ' X The® gleaming eyesfixedhmwTth a Lt of mimerio ! owet £Power, ' and the bottle fell from his trembling 1 rac is anas,* rsss figuVe^kin^ e ^ ^ o f t h ^ S the hieb. Kill collar and amnio birffs eve stock gaiters. Hismoutl, was^n, but, for thelife of bim be cculd not speak. He was waa waitine waiting in the helpless fascination of horror to see the face of a man who had been dead and buried for fifteen years, Slowly, like an automaton, that strange watcher turned his head. The square, resolute mouth wes open as if to speak; the shrunken skin was a greenish yellow colour, like the skin of a corpse; along the temple ran a dull blue mark in the shape of a horse's hoof; but the eyes burned like two living coals, as they fixed themselves on the face of the terrified publican. With a single yell of " Lord ha' mercy on us! 'tis old Alick himself!" Vicary turned and fled. Slimmy heard the crash of the lantern on the stones and the sound of his flying feet, and an awful terror came upon him, a great fear, whioh made his teeth chatter in hiB head and curdled the blood in his veins. The place seemed full of an unnatural light —the blue flames that dance at night over deserted graveyards. The air was foul with the horrible odours of decay. Above all, he felt i the fearfnl presenoe of that which was neither j living nor dead—the semblance of a man I whose human body had for fifteen years been rotting in the grave. It was not living, | but it moved. Its cold, shining eyes were looking into his, were coining nearer. Now 1 tbey were dose to him. With the energy of ^ despair Slimmy grasped his stick by the thin i force of his own blow, the wretched tout pitched forward, i&id; with one pieroing shriek fell prone on the straw. " Did you hear that ?" * ' " What the deuce was it?" The two men who were sitting over the fire in the comfortable smoking-room sprang to their feet. Coulson put down his pipe and went into the hall. Some one was moving about in the kitchen. " Is thatyou, Martin ?" he called. " What was that row ?'" The man came out at onoe. "Did you hear it too, sir? It made me jump, it came eo sudden. Sounded like some one hollering out in the stables." " Get a lantern. I must go aoross and see what it was ? Are you coming, too, captain ? Then bring that shillelagh in your hana. It might be useful." Martin unbolted the side door, which opened cn the gaiden, and tbe three men crossed the gravel path and went through the yard. Here they raw the gleam of another lantern. Some one was running towards them. It wa3 one of the lade, half-dressed, and evidently just . cut of bed. Is that you, Mr. Coulson?" he eaidbreathj Did you hear that scream ? It woke I us .^P-. Bryant can see the saddleroom i from his window, and he says tbe door is wide open, "Come on," was Coulson's answer, as they hurried across to the stables. The equare of light from the saddleroom showed clearly through tbe darkness. " Here's Jevons," said the trainer, who was the first to enter. " He's only asleep," he added, as he lifted tbe lad's head, and listened to the regular breathing. He shook him roughly, trying to arouse bim, but Jevons was beyond being awakened by any ordinary method ; be made an inarticulate grunt, and dropped back into his former attitude. "Drunk?'' ejaculated Martin, blankly. " Drugged, by gad!" Captain Berkeley had taken the empty jug from the table and smelt it. Tbe sickly odour of the powerful opiate clung about the pitcher and told its own tale. " Then," cried the trainer, " as I'm a living man, they've got at the colt." His face was white and set as he seized the lantern and ran to the loose-box. The door was open; the key was in the lock. The men crowded up. There was scarcely a doubt in tbeir minds but that the mischief was already done. Coulson held up the lantern and looked round. The colt was standing up in the corner, snorting and sniffing the air. He, too, had been startled by that terrible cry. On the ground, straight in front of the duor, a man lay prone on his faoe. There was no mistaking the look of thai helpless body, the limp flaccidity of those outstretched arms. "He'sdead, Bir,"eaid Martin, as he turned up the white face ; " hold the light down; his coat's all wet with—something." It was not blood, only a sticky, darkcolcured fluid, the contents of a broken bottle lying underneath the body. Just beyond the reach of the clenched right hand was a heavy loaded stick, and near the door they found a thick woollen handkerchief. Berkeley-bent down and looked at the drawn features! "Surely," he said, in a low voice, "it is tbe same man you thrashed this morning?" Coulson nodded. " He meant squaring accounts with me, and he has had to settle his own instead. It is strange that there should be no marks of violence about him, and yet he looks as if he had died hard." And truly, the dead man's face was terrible in its fixed expression of mortal fear. The eyes were staring and wide open, the teeth clenched, a little froth hung about the blue lips. It was a horrible sight. They satisfied themselves that life was absolutely extinct. Then Coulson gave orders for the colt to be taken back to his old box, locked the door on the corpse until the police could arrive, and spent the remainder of the night in the saddleroom, Vaiting till Jevons should have slept off the effects of the opiate. But when the lad awoke he cou'd throw very little light on the matter. He swore positively there was no one in the box when he paid his last visit at five minutes to twelve, and he could remember nothing after returning to the saddle-room. How the tout had effected an entrance, by what means his purpose had been frustrated and his life destroyed, remained for ever a mystery. The only living man who knew the truth held his tongue, and the dead can tell no tides. But Mr. Vicary. as he watched Captain Berkeley's colt walk away from his field next day, and cleverly avoiding a collision with the favourite on the reals, pass the post a winner by three lengths, wasstruck . by the fact that the "Rocket" had grown smaller during the night, and he could have BV crn tbe horse he saw in the loose-box had some white about him somewhere. " He's one o' raight sort," exclaimed a stalwart Yorkshireman who stood at Vicary's elbow, " When aa seed him i't' paddock, aa Bsid aa'i hev a pootd on th' equoire's 'oss for t' faake of ould toimes, fcr he's strange and loike Blue Ruin, as won th' Ebor in seventyfo've. 'Twas fust race as iver aa'd clapped eyes on, and aa'd backed him for ivery penny aa'd got." The publican turned involuntarily to the speaker. " Did you say yon colt was like Blue Ruin';" he asked hoarsely. " The very moral of him, barring he ain't qi ite BO thick, and ain't got no white stocking. 1 reckon you ll remember Blue Ruin," added the farmer, referring to a friend on the other side, "himas killed ould Coulson?" Vicary was a strong man, but at the mention of that came a strange, sickly sensation crept over him. The colour forsook his face, and when, a few minutes later he called for a brandy "straight," the hand he stretched out for the glass was shaking visibly. Once, andonceonly, did the landlord allude to the events of that fatal night. It was v.hen Mr. Davis, loudly deploring his losses, expressed an opinion that Slimmy was " a clumsy fool, and matters would have come out very differently if he bad been there." " You may thank your stars," was Vicary's i energetic rejoinder, " that you never set foot j in the cursed j place. The poor chap is dead, : and there ain't no. call for me to get myself mixed up in the business. Least said, soonest ! mended, say I; but you mind the story I told ' you the night Downey brought the news of that blooming colt, about ould Coulson Rwear- ) jng he'd come back from the dead, if need be, to do a Berkeley a good turn." ! " I remember right enough. What's that got to do with it?" ; The landlord glanced nervously over his fhculder. "Only this," he answered, einking bis voice i to a whisper, " he kept his word !" : 