AQTA POFUIiL, B* THE FliANETJB, This week, like the Scotch editor, I 'joke wi' vera great deeficulty' indeed. A serious sickness, long struggled against, has stretched me out at last, and there is some danger that I may have to follow the present financial fashion and 'suspend, for the purpose oC reconstruction.' The spirit is willing'j but the fleck ia weak 5 or, aa the learned German translator put it, ' the fluid is agreeable, buf- the meat io sick.' When one is reduced to a state in which the ' meat' is considerably less than the bone the unpleasantness ia undesirably increased (not to put too fine a point upon the matter) 1 but thia must be expected in all men's experience, for Death is a rank coward at bottom, and seldom fights to p. finish until he has all the advantage in the weights. Every medical man who has attended me of late years has tendered the advice to ' lie up and do aothing but read cheerful, humorous books and papers.' That is very like the story of the doctor who advise i the London postman to ' take plenty . of walking exercise' j but Solomon says, ' honour thy physician for the need thou hast of him,' and so I turn to my first humorous paper to-day (it is Saturday's Herald, by the way), and learn that democracy is dead and monarchy has been restored to its old firm basis by her Majesty the Queen condescending to show herself to her people once more and head a State procession to open the Imperial Institute buildings. The orowds in fche streets displayed intense enthusiasm, at least so that carefully-inatr acted and able-bodied truth perverfcer the 'cablecrammeu' says, and 'the Colonial soldiers who formed portion of har Majesty's escorfc were loudly cheerad.' I am in clined to whoop mildly myself over that intelli gence, for ib proves (on paper) that a London crowd has still enough strength left to cheer after ' the cruel winter's starvation which her Majesty allowed them to enjoy, and besides, my body is in a monarchical frame juat now, and feels, like Lear, ' every inch a King' (aching). That's an awful joke, I admit, bub what can you aspect from a sick man who is condemned to read the Ejskald ? This ia a proud day for Australia indeed, for not only did the London louts cheesr our warriors bold, but her Majesty declared she was highly pleased at the appearance of the men and thought their new clothes were awfully nice indeed. ' Tummy ' Wales was charmed also, and ex pressei some surprise at finding our crack cavalry corps was composed of white men, just like himself (only not so bald and bandy) ; and Priece '?' Beatrice ' Battonberg waa heard to wonder aloud: 'How tec teufel dem aboriginal fellers shtick on so well mitout looking der feet under neath der horses' bellies, like der Inglis officaires haf to do/' That grand old feather-bed warrior, the ' Book of Gampridge,' swore that '?' any sheneml might be proud to lead such er shplendid shquad into action ' (lie would prefer to lead them out of one— -you can wager your life on that), and all that was required to crown our joy waa the repetition of Lord Loftus's assertion that he had seen the armies of Russia, Franc?, Germany, and all the Great European Powers, but he had nevei' looked on a better-disciplined or a finer body of men than tho Army of Aucferalia. Perhaps it is a3 well, however, that thia little bit 0? gush and glory was omitted. Our warriors' stomachs uiuafc be rather weak juai; now, and the 'cablecrammer' may have some little spark of conscience left after ali. Catching hold of the next 'cheerful, humorous pxper ' that somes fco hand, I find it ia a circular from fcho ' Memorial Engraving Company' and conveya the particularly soothing intelligence £or a sick man, that I cau be supplied with a cartload of Memorial Oards (if required) bearing ' various emblems of the Resurrection, viz : — The Circle, the Sfcu.r, Stalk o2 Whoat', the nover- fading Flowers, and tha Butterfly (all Pagan emblems, by the way), and above all things else, a string ot vesseg specially suited foe my own or any other case I may wish embalmed in the silver shrine oil poesy. Now, that is something like humour, and nothing but a perhaps foolish repugnance to be resarreefced before I am buried prevents my order ing 14 tons 0? those cheery cards and paying for them with promissory nofcea drcwa on the Bank of Abigail. This idea of drawing on the Muse of Misery for comfort (and profit) is nofc original, for Mas Adeler struck it some years ago and secured fame and fortune by dashing oft such soulful In Memoriamo Oh,, we buriod Barfchqlotaon out in tho wooclo, in a beautiful Iiolo in the'scound, Wheto fcho Jackasses oing and tho ' sojuc '-ante otinfj, And tho straddlo-bugo tumble around. There waa a nice, gurgly, butfcerwomaa'etrotto morket measure running through the veraec of? Mo:: which io oadly miaaoci in tho oamplea prat for ward by the Sydney Co. Of the twenty specimens before me aot one risoo above fche depressing insipi dity of a cold potato 5 u bleeding ' ia made to rhyme with ' meeting,' ' oleeping ' wikfe ' wak ing,' and id plao.es the dog-legged rnetra gallop:! as 'sti£c ' as- tho worst ' crock ' thofc avoi? figarod aft a pony meeting. Looking over the lot ono is for cibly reminded of TouchsfcouG'o bocai— 'I'll rhyme you s^, eight yeai'G tor-jethorj dinners and cinpperc, and sleeping hours encepbed 5' bub, possibly, there ace some persona who really do s;eel comfostedl by being a 'lowed to 'drop iafco poetry ' when Death calls, and therefore ifc ia perhaps safe fco say that fchio neu la Moaioriam indnsfcry ia a ' feelee' Sos those who like that sort of thing. Assuming thae the spiritualistic theory is correct, that the inhabitants o2 the other world come back to thia earth and view all its freaks and frauds, whafe a terrible take- down some o£ the 'deac departed' must receive at times at the hands o£ the distracted partners left behind. Fancy, for instance, the feelings o£ the male spirit whose tombstone had been graced with selection Wo. 7 from She In Memosriatn verses : — Dearjst loved one, I havo laid thee In the peaceful gmve'a embrace, But thy memory will be cherished Till I soq thy heavenly fnce0 Fancy, if you can, that poor ghost's feelings when it discovers that its disconsolate widow has not only married another fellow, with a presumably still more ' heavenly face/' bub has acfcraally gone to law with the stonemason on the ground that his charge for the tombstone of No. One was preposterously in escess o£ what she told hla* the limit should be ! Such a case actually came before a law eouEt the other dsy, and the Indy he qwestioa la'd her u dearest loved one,' out flat by declaring that she had another husband to look after now and a paltry ' fiver ' was all she could afi'ord to ' throw away' (ber own words) on a parfcy with the celestial 'chivvy' who was then 'five months lying in ' the psaoefol grave's embrace.' ' Alas ! poor ghost !' 12 I were you, I'd roost on that false women's bed-head every night, and screech In Memoriam verses into her ears until she either went saving mad, or built me a gorge ous mausoleum that would be reckoned the eighth wonder o£ the world. Woe is upon oar land to-day and Ichabod ia chalked in job-type letters from Carpentaria'0 Gulf to Bass's Steaits. The collapse oi our finan cial institutions was bad enough, but now we are dumped to the lowermost Limbo of Despair by the awful fact that our cricketing champions have been flattened oat in their opening struggle by 8 wickets and 3 runs. There is no need 60 proclaim a day of humiliation now, for verily our cup o2 sorrow is not only filled to the brim, but slopping over into the saucer an well. Many and ingenious are the excuses made for the failure of our leather punchers to ' uphold fche honour of tho country ' on this occasion. Some plead fatigue, others speak of limited practice, and, on the principle that every man thinks ho^can hold an umbrella on a windy day better than the fellow who grips the hasdlo, a few cenaore blame Blacbhatn's want of judgment in placing his field. My own opinion is that fche 'blaratid Britishers' hit the ball too often and too hard ; also that they ran too fast and knocked Our Boys' wickets down too suddenly, and played rap Old Harry with things in general all i?ouad. la view of 'Tommy' Houghfcoa's attempted bribery dis closures I am Eucfches? of opinion that fche scorers were ' got at,' and water was diabolically addofl, by bought-ovec barmaids, to fche Australians' whisky, an5, altogether, I think Grandoleman Gladstone should pub the Home Kale Bill aside for 0 time, and pass a short Act commanding that the game be played a'eeob, and every man in the colonial team be allowed to keep his own tally and the Britishers1 score as well. Wa can bear up agaiuct financial losses, but the loss of a cricket matah would reduce this groat and glorious continent to a mere geographical definition. Love makes tho world go round. And it iojaafc ajbout time it made it go a trifla squarer alco. LaBt Tuesday week no less than twenty divorce applications were made in thia sainted city of Sydney. This ia & state of social aif&kg; at which. even Judge 'Water-bottle' Foster stands- ' appalled, and like Pontius Pilate he washes hia hands ia public and points oat fchafc he merely dis3olv83 the civil boad, but the sacramental tie still holds firm. And this is just tho juggling ' with words which we might espeet from the ; party who so earnestly reminded Packes tihsfo a .1 bird in tho hand waa worth two in tha bash.. Aa,.'-. if Henry didn'fc kno 77 all about that himself. An American paper tells of a woman who lately cpplieol Toi.' a divorce on three grounds. Ftratly,, because hes hnsband anores (ia A fiat, I presume) ?;; cecondly, booauGG lie hes sever kisaad hes since. they le'o f;he alfcae 5 cad thirdly, bscauoo she has found a befitok' and vyanfco to marry him. Ifc.. strikes me that the last plea ia pretty conclusive by itself, and quits good enough fco ' go Hop' ia aay Courfj '' oveu ihvx.' BaEoee wo laugh at She American dam?, however, we migh'o smile sweetly ou ? 'oha lady who told Judge Windoyorc oh Fridc.,7 Icofc tihafc she wanted to be divorced feoin h-i'j hi-sbrad bocauoa he 61 smoked n brautl 0? tobacco Ghat was most offeno oive, and cau3ecl his breath to omell so horrible fcha'; r:lie really couidu'i; bea;,; ib cm^ loageu.' Furtherinorej her once beloved wes 'a loafer,' and ' even i£ her Ma and heraeltdJid make ifc v/asm foe ' him, ifc waa no more than he deserved.' This is ao Flaneur 'fciry tale' at all. Bead tha report ia our sober daily papapp, and fchea ask yourselves,, ' What ia sulphur is -society coming to at all?' 