A MUNICIPAL JiATTKK. t'J'o tlie Kditor u/ the 1 1 'tit/i/it K.\pn%s.) Sir,— 'Dont you {jet into a written con troversy with Coleman. You won't have the ghost of a chance.' These words were spoken to in i by one who knows us both well. I acknowledged the truth of the re mark, for Mr. Coleman has been trained to make the worse appear the better reason. It is Ins business to ilo so, and lie does it. A more striking instance of his ability in this direction could scarcely bo found than his letter in your last issue. I was amused. I was more than amused. 1 fairly chuckled when I saw the length of that letter. Two columns and a half of the /.'.lyi/r.-s newspaper to answer a letter that was only a -|unrtcr of a column in length ! A letter too that had been stigmatised from the mayoral chair as ?' long.' I said to myself if my little elTusion was long, what may this answer to it be called ? But then uunc the reflection, what can all this ava lanche of words mean, and remembering Mr. Coleman's cunning, I conclude they were intended to smother all inquiry. Such is tlie case. hi that letter truth and niis stateijient are so ingeniously and inextricably i^letmingled that even I am at a loss to disentangle them. The main issue is that my letter of com plaint addressed to the Council Clerk with a request that it be brought before the Aldermen was not complied with. It was couched in perfectly respectful terms : it complained of the Mayor's mode of conducting the business of the borough ; it was upon a matter of such public importance that in the public interest I, as a rate payer. was in a position to demand attention to its contents. The Mayor has an un doubted right to suppress certain correspond ence. but is the occupant of the mayoral chair to be allowed to burke all enquiry into his own conduct Unless the aldermen look to it, the prevailing opinion will be that the Major can do 110 wrong, ami by their silence on matters of this kind they assist in im pressing that dignitary with the idea that he, and lie alone, is the captain, engineer, and crew of the municipal craft. Instead of saying why he suppressed my letter he raked up old letters, and founded a charge uu them that 1 had made a promise to :;ivc a promissory note, and had not done so. Granting that I did, did that justify him in suppressing my letter? The fact. is that both he and I forgot all about the' promissory note for months, until the rendering of fresh accounts brought it to his recollection, when he asked for the note and got it. It is true he threatened to distrain, but that I looked upon merely as a Haunting of the Hag of his dearly loved authority. It is also true that the p.n. I gave liim was not stamped, (or I had forgotten all about my promise made months previously, and I did not care to waste two shillings over what I considered a mere matter of form. His Worship accepted the unstamped document without a murmur, thereby condoning whatever offence there might have been in the want of a stamp. Having 110 better answer to my charge, lie brings this unstamped note into court. Tlie first paragraph in the Mayor's reply sets up a man of straw, that he may have the pleasure of knocking it down. In that paragraph he accuses 111c of attacking his personal probity. I did not do so. I was particularly careful not to do so. What I attacked was his administration of the affairs of the borough. Every member, every officer of the Council, knows he is so greedy of power, so fond of wielding the sceptre, that he would, were it possible, perform the functions, not only of Mayor, but of Borough Manager, Council Clerk, Borough Treasurer, Borough Surveyor. Inspector of Nuisances, and of offices even lower still. This is what my letter to the aldermen attacked — not his personal probity. That attack, however, he quietly ignores, and hides away the letter containing it so that the aldermen might not see it. And it never would have been seeu had I not dragged it into tlie light of 1 T&y.; Yet his letter in your last issue insinuates, and in places broadly, states, that I wanted the matter concealed.. Who made it public, I want to know? Was it he or I? I wanted the whole tiling made public, and I made it so. He tried his best to keep it dark. He states that on June the 10th I dis puted the £11 for the water rates of 1887. I did not learn that that was an illegal claim until the l'.lth of October. Is 'it likely that if I knew 011 the 10th of June that this claim of £!) was illegal that I wou'd give my promissory note for a sum in which that amount was included 011 2i-tb September ? 1 always had a suspicion that 1 was not liable for the whole of the water rates levied on my business premises ; indeed, it was this sus picion that at iirst kept riie 'from' paying them, and before giviug the final pro. note for the amount I went .to . Mr.. Coleman's office and said to him, 'Now, as between man and man, am I liable for all these water rates ? ' His reply was, ' You are.' I was fool enough to believe him and said, ' Very well, I will settle with you for them,' and did so, there aud then, by giving him a cheque lor a small part, and a pro. note for the larger amount. Tlie note was drawn at a month, but 1 pointed out to him that as the water rate account had nearly £5(100 lying to its credit withput interest, he might hold over the pro. liote until the Govern ment demanded payment. He states that 011 this occasion he spoke these words to 111c : ' You may make up your mind that the committee will require you to take up the cheque aiid note on the 23rd of next mouth.' He .never spoke such words to lr.e, nor any words to that effect. Instead, lie himself appeared to favor the idea of holding over the p.. 11. until the Government demanded the- water rates : but the linal decision, he said, rested w ith the Finance Committee. The next day he informed me the committee insisted 011 pay ment of the pro. note when it fell due. Now, to use his own words 011 a late notable occasion, ' You will scarcely believe 111c ' when 1 say that the matter- of holding over the note was not brought before the Finance Committee. Yet, 011 the '20th of October, lie wrote that my rates were discussed by the committee on that day. and they decided that the p. 11. must be paid. 011 the 23rd in stant. ___ The cheque for £2H ITS tia— r«-iuires notice. That cheque was given to Mr. Cole man without one word or thought of its being held over, yet he has the audacity to state ' That I know iu my heart that the cheque and note were, given as a guarantee of one cash payment of £123 11 month hence, and the still- greater audacity to in sinuate that I wanted to draw a post dated cheque. Both assertion and, insinuation are shamefully and maliciously false. I never in all my life drew a post-dated cheque. I gave the cheque fully expecting it to he paid into my credit at once, but instead it was kept in a tiu box in -Mr; . Galeman's office for u month. In a tin box, forsooth, as if that were more secure than the corporation safe. Understand quite clearly I do not insinuate by jhis that Mr. Coleman was making any personal use ot theoheqne. He is too cute a man to do anytliipg of that sort. He kept it, 1 believe, to magnify his office, to. feed his lust of power. , He accuses me of abusing him. I cer ( - tainlydid not intend to do so, and do not think anything I .published could be con strued into abuse, while he heaps on my devoted head such epithets as ' stupid, cowardly, conservative, Blimy^-ten bob and sausage roll, &e.; &c.;' To sum up, I accuse him oE having^ sup- pressed a letter to the Council containing, charges against himself. .He answers that it was suppressed out of fear of hurting my feelings. I accuse him of having kept a cheque in liis possession that' ought to have been paid into the Council funds a month before it was paid in. He avers he did it at my request. What can you do with a man who makes such unfounded statements? That they are unfounded I leave to the judg ment of those who may care to read this correspondence. It is merely a question cf whose testimony is worthy of belief— iiis or I nunc. Let the public judge. i I am, etc., I W. C. HUNTER. 1 \\\ agga, J-uc. .-tll, lfl'Kj, 