Ladies Losing Watches. Going into some of the large stores is town one may notice that many of the young women behind the counters who are so fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through holes in their jerseys and fastened . down securely by a button, so that a watch could not be removed without quite an effort, and certainly not without it6 wearer know ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch that has gone into fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. Becently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a larger number than usual have been reported. From the small number re ported as found compared with the large number reported as lost, it is apparent that either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low standard, or else the watches were really not lost in the sense in tended by the advertisers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the storas, to way their watches in their bosoms, with fob chain i hanging out of the button-holes of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and have the time-pieces as available as men have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their corset covers and the comets, instead of inside the j corsets as most lauies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds on the trams and ferries, just atter the doing hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert thief to make a " haul." A lady had the misfortune to find A watch on one of the streets in Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the Hetald. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of the advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many people could have lost watches. The police will say that there are no thieves in the city— they always do — but the jocog ladies xb town know bettor. — A certain act of patronage was con- ferred by a poet, whose name began with a T, on Alexander Smith, which the young man very naturally resented. When T— — observed: "Never mind what the criffec say, I like your poems," Smith is said to tavo replied, "Oh, sir, do not discourage lae." — Argonaut. Criticism as is Criticism.— Col. « Pat Donan doesn't like the play of "Hamlet.' Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: " I have no patience, much less sympathy, with f. wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gauze veils, under bogus moonlight i everlastingly threatening to do something, ana never doing it ; driving bis sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks ; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he-hys- terics; and at last, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go pig-sticking style, through his dead girl'B brother, ami dying himself, to slow fiddle- music, aruid a general c image of lunatics and wreck of absurdities. " 3 3 y 