THE STORYTELLER. MY LORD THE ELEPHANT.* By Rudyard Riming. Touching the truth of this tnle there need be no doubt nt all, for it wus told to me by Mulvoney at the back of the elephant-lines, one wurin evening when we were takine th« dogs out for exercise. The twelve Govern ment elephants rocked nt their pickets outside their big niud-wnlled stables—one nrch as big as a bridge arch to each restless beast—and the mahouts were preparing the evening meal. Now and again some impatient youngster would smell the cooking flour cakes and squeal; and the naked little children of the elephant-lines would strut down the row, shouting and commanding silence, or, reaching up, would slap at the eager trunks. Then the elephants feigned to l»e deeply interested in pouring dust upon their heads, but, so soon as the children passed, the rocking and fidgeting and muttering broke out again. The sunset was dying, and the elephants heaved and swayed dead black against the one sheet of rose-red low down in the dusty grey sky. It was at the beginning oi the hot weather, just after the troops hod changed into their white clothes, so Hutvaney and" Ortheris looked like ghosts walking through the dusk. Learoyd had gong off to another barrack to buy sulphur ointment for his last dog under suspicion of mange, and with delicacy hod* put his kennelinto quarantine at the back of the furnace where they cremate the anthrax cases. " You wouldn't like mange, little woman," said Ortheris, turning my terrier over on her fat white back with his foot. " You're no end bloomin' partic'lar, you are. Oo wouldn't take no notice o* me t'other day 'cause she was goin' *ome all alone in 'cr dorg-cart, eh 1 Settin' on the box-seat like a bloomin* little tart, you was, Vicy. Now you run along an' make them uttis 'oiler. Sick 'em, Vicy, loo/" Elephants loathe little dogs. Vixen harked herself down the pickets, and in a minute all the elephants were kicking and squealing and clacking together. "V " Oh, you soldier men," said a mahout angrily, *' call off your she-dog. She is frightening our elephant-folk;*' "Rummy beggars!" said Ortheris medi tatively. " Call 'em people same as if they was. An' they are, too. Not so bloomin' rummy when you come to think of it, neither," • Vixen returned yapping to show that she could do itagain if she liked.pnd established herself between Ortlieris's-knees, smiling a large smile at his lawful dogs, who dared not fly at her. "See the battery this mornin V said Ortheris. He meant the newly-arrived elephant batterv; otherwise lie would hare said simply "guns." Three.elephants har nessed tandem go to each gun, and those who have not seen the big forty- pounders of position trundling along in the woke oi their gigoutic team have yet something to behold. The lead-elephant had behaved very badly that morning; had been cut luost^ sent I jack to the lines in disgrace, and was at Uiat hour squealing and lashing out with his trunk at tins end of the line; n picturex>f blind,bound, bad temper, llis mahout standing clear of the flail- like blows was trying to soothe him. " That's the beggar that cut up on p'rade. 'e's muM," said Ortheris, pointing. 4 There 11 he mnrder in the lines soon.aud then, per ups, 'e'lj get loose, an' we'll *ave to be turned out to shoot 'im, same as when one o' they native king's elephants Mtuteth lost June. 'Ope e Will." " MvM be sugared,"# said Mulvaney con temptuously, Jromiits nesting-place on a pile Of dried beiqmrtpptHe's no more than in a powerful bad tftoPCr wifl bein' put upon. 1 a he$^w£to the gun-team, an by ||»e imtenKauUn*. Ask the mahout, [-h^l^tbe Old white-bearded mahout who. 8 lavishing pet word® on his sulky red-eyed *V§e is not fiuMk," die man replied indig nantly only his honour has been touched Is an elephant an ox or a mule that he should tug at a trace? IliB strength is in b« head—peace, peace, my, lord 1 It was not fltu fault thatthey yoked; tliee Only a low-caste elephant will pull a g<J"» and M is a Kcmeria of jhe Doon. It ,c.os ,® rear and the Jife of a man-to break bun to the ^u-tcataJoeoauBe doe of their base-bo"» brutes had gOM laine.T No wonder that he Was and Is wwth.*' "Jtummy l Host unusual rom,"«»id Or ens. - '/Oawd, *e is ?in a temper, though 1 theris. C>»„ -' ' a. 1 *M Mulvoney liegan to fcpealc, hut checked himself, Rod I asked the mahout what would happefa if fie heel-chains broke. ■:#?- . A God knows, who piode elephants, he said simply. 41 lu his now state pejjidventnrs he might kill you three, or rup t»i his rage aliated. He] would not k«» «P® except he were mtuth.i Then would be »»i raeliefore anyone in the world, : because Jia loves me. Such Is Ithe custom of tim, elephant-folk; and the custom of ua ma/to'1* I people matches it forfpoliahness. V e J"1®® ! each our own elephant-till our own elepb1")® kills us. Other castes irustwomen, but"® the elephant-folk. I Ibftve Men mepj»5?I with enraged elephants and live; butf»e\er was man yet bom ofwomon that met»}» lord the elephant in hjs «MM<A imddivert w tell of the taming, '^hey ore enough bold said Terenoat the heathen if he ivcr saw a man/tame a» elephant—anyways a white man.; ,rOnce." said the mahout, " I.Baw * astride of suoh obeaat In the town of <-»«» pore; a harediefl^ mw/n whito^maru beating it upon |be]h^witha gnm » said he was jpossMMdof devils or drunk., "Is at l»ed **■ do"Ll * The right of publishing tbh «t«ry hM been i>«* chased by the proprietor! ot Tht 4u»tririwtem sober ?" said Mulvaney after interpretation, and the chained elephant roared, - , "There's only one. man top of earth that would be thenartio'Jarkind o'sorfcer bloomin' feS} to do it! said Ortheris. " When was that, Mulvaney?" " As the haygur sez; in Cawnpore; an' I was that fool—in the days av my youth. But it came about as natnril as Wan thing leads to another—me an' the elephint, and the elephint and me j an' the fight betune us was the most naturil av all." " That's Just wot it would ha' been," said Ortheris. " Only you must ha' been more than usual full. You -done one queer trick with an elephant that I know of, why didn't you never tell us the other one?" " Bekaze, onlessyou had heard the naygur here sa}'. what he has said spontaneous, you'd ha* called me for a liar, Stanley, my son. an' it would ha* bin my duty an' my delight to give you the father on' mother av a beltin'! There's only wan fault about' you, little man, an' that's thinkin'. you know all there is in the world, ah' a little 'wore, 'l'is a fault tnat has made away wid a few orfcers I've served undher, not to spake av ivry man but two that I iver thried- to- make into a privit." | " Ho 1" said Ortheris with ruffled plumes, ! "an' 'oo was your two bloomin' little Sir' Garnets, eh?" j " Wan was mesilf," said Mulvaney with a; grin that darkness could not hide, " on'— 6eein' that he's not here there's no harm speakin'av him—t'other was Jock." " Jo fit's no more than a 'ayrick in trousies; I 'e bc'uveslike one; an' 'e can't 'it one at a 'undred ; 'e was born on one. an' a'welp me 'e'll die under one for not hem' able to say wot 'e wants in a Christian lingo," said Or theris, jumping up from the piled rodder only to be swept oft his legs into a heap. Vixen leaped upon his stomach, and the other dogs followed and sat down there. " I know what Jock is like," I said. "I want to hear about the elephant, though " "It's another o* Mulvaney's bloomin' panoramas," said Ortheris, gasping under the dogs. "'Im an' Jock for the 'ole bloomin' British Army! You'll be sayin' you won Waterloo next,—you an* Jock. Gam 1" Neither of us judged it expedient to notice Ortheris. 'The big gun-elephant thrashed and muttered in Ii'ib chains, giving-tongue now and again in a crashing trumpet-peal, and to this accompaniment Terence went on: . ■ \- "In the beginnin'," said he, "me bein' what I was, there was a misunderstand in' w id ray sergeant that was then. He put his spite on me for various reasons—" I The deep-set eyes twinkled above the glow of the pipe-bowl, and Ortheris grunted, "Another bloomin' petticoat!" —" For various an' promiscuous reasons, I an' the upshot av it was that lie come into | barricks wan afternoon whin' I was settl settlin' my cowlick before goin* walkin', called ine a big baboon (which I was not), on' a demoral-j kin' beggar (which 1 was), an' bid me go on ; fatigue thin an' there, helpin' shift K. P. tents, fourteen av tliim from the rest-camps.; At that, me being set on my walk—" "Ah!" from under the dogs. "'E's a| Mormon, Vic. Don't you 'ave notliin' to do with'im, little dorg." I —"Set on my walk, I tonld him a fewj tilings that came up in my mind, an' wan j thing led on to another, an' betune talkin' 1 made time for to bit the nose av hiin so that he'd be no Venus to any woman for a week to come, "l'was a fine big nose, and Well it paid for a little groomin'. Aftlier that I was so well plased wid my Imudicraftfulness that . I niver raised list on the guard that came to take me to clink. A chihLniight. ha' .led me Hcnetv old Kearney's nose wa along, for I~kne?v old Kearney's nose was •—carried. That summer the Ould Uig'ment did not use their own clink, bekase the. cholera vas-hangin' about there like miMew -en wet boots, an' 'twas murdlicr to confine in ut. "Wo borrowed the clink that belonged to the Holy Christians—the reg'ment that lias never seen service' yet—and that lay a matther av a mile away acrost two p'rade groundsan' the main road,an' all the ladies av Cawnpore goin' out for their afternoon dhrive. So I moved in the best av society, my shadow danciii' along forninst me, an' the gyard as solemn as putty, the bracelets on my wrists an' my heart lull contint wid the notion av Kearney's pro—pro—probosaclom in a siding. "In the middle av at all I perceived a gunner-orfcer in full reg'mentals perusin* down the road, hell for ieatiicr, wid his mouth open. He. fetched wan woild desparm' look on the dog-kyarts an' the polite society of Cawn pore, an'thin he dived like u rabbit into a dhrain by the side av the road. "'Bboya,' sez I, 'that orfcer's dhrunk. Let's take hirrfto clink too.' " The corp'ril of the gyard made a jump for me, unlocked my stringers, an' lie sez: ' if it comes to runnin' run for yerlife. If itdoesn't I'll trust your honour. Anyways,' sez he; * come to clink when you can.' "Then I behiidTrim runnin* wan way, • stuffin* the bracelets in his pocket, they bein Gov'ment property, and the gyard runnin' another, nil* all the dog-kyarts runnin' all ways to wanst,an' me alone lookin' down the red hag av a mouth av an elephant forty-two i^t bigh at -the aliouliler, tin feet wide, wid tusks flalong aS tlieOchteriohy Mohuinint. TJiat was my first he was not .quite bo contagious, nor quite so tall; but I didn't stop to throw oat pickets. Mother nv hiven 1 how I ran down the roail 1 The baste began to investigate the dhrain wid the gunner-orFcer in «t; an tUafi Was the makin' av me. I tripped ovet' wan of the rifies that my gyard had discarded (onsoldierly blackguards tliey was!), on' whin I got up I j was focin' t'other way about an' the elenhnn 1 woy about an' the elephnnt I was huntin* for the gunner-orFcer, i can 1 see his big fat back yet. Kxcipt that hej didn't dig, he carried on forall the World like little Vixen here at a rat-hole. He put his j bead down (by my sow! he nearly stood on 1 ut!) to shquint down the dhrain ; thin he grunt, and ■run round to the other ind in case j the orfcer was gane out ' by the backdoor; an' he'd shtuff uis truuk down the Hue an' get ut filled wid mud, au*'blow ut out, an* grunt, an'swearlMy troth, lie swore all niven down upon that orFcer, ait* what a commissariat elephint had to do.wid a] gohner- orFcer passed hie, Me bavin' no where to go except the ^clink,; I stud in the roadwiilrberiue,a Snider an* no amm'ni tion, philosophiam' upon the rear end av tiie animal. All round me, miles ati$ •.-miles, there was hbwlln'dfcsolatiort, lor ivry human sow! wid t\VO j^,^rfourTW the matther av he thiyin'to tbraropet through three teet av Toadaweepln^ up liisltlinink. Begad; ?twaa wickud tdbehouldi -f'st ; " Subspquint he caught sight av me stand in' alone' in the;wide,!^ide wprid Janin;;qp the rifle: That dishcomposea Tiim, bekase he thought I was The gunner-orFc$r got out ? »| n for; I him cUnk,< ears forward av his thick head, an' t; re threated down the road .grippin'the rifle, my back as cowld as a tombstone, an' the slack av my troiistes, where 1 made sure he'd take hould, crawlin' wid—wid iuvijious appre hension. " I might ha' run till I dhropped, bekase I was betune the two straight lines av the road, an' a man, or a thousand men for the matter av that, ore the like av sheep in keepin' betune right an* left marks." 11 Same as canaries," said Ortheris from the darkness. " Draw a line on a bloomin' little board, put their bloomin' little beakses there, ufntr en ftVi' nm&n; '.SOO/1 A 'ole reg'ment, I 'ave, walk crabways along1 the euie of a two-foot water-cut 'stid av 1 thinkin to cross it. Men is sheep—bloomin' sheep. Go on." i " But 1 saw his shadow wid the tail av my eye," continued the man of experiences, "an' 'Wheel,' I sez, 'Terence, wheel,' an' I wheeled. 'Tis truth that 1 cud hear the shparks flyiu from my heels; an' I shpun' into -the nearest compound, fetched one jnmp from the gate to the verandah av the house, an' fell over a tribe of naygurs wid a half-caste boy at a desk, all manufacturin' harness. 'Twas Antonio's carriage emporium at Cawnpore. You know, ut, sorr? " Ould Grumbngs must ha' wheeled abreast wid me, for his thrunk came lickin' into the verandah like a belt in a barrick-room row, before I was in the shop. The naygurs an' the half-caste boy howled an' wint out at the backdoor, an' i was as lone as Lot's wife among the harness, A powerful thirsty thing is harness, -by reason av the smell to ut. "I wint into the backroom, nobody bein' there to invite, an' I found a bottle av whisky an' a goglet av wather. The fust an' the second dlirjnlc I never noticed, bein* dliry, but the fourth an' the fifth tuk good hould av me, an' I begun to think scornful av elephants. 'Take the upper ground in manoeuvrin', Terence,' I sez; 'an'you'll he a geu'ral yet,' sez I. An' wid that I wint up to the flat mud roof av the house an' looked over the edge av the panpet, threadin' delicate. Ould Barrel-belly was in the compound, wnlkin' to and fro, pluckin' a piece av grass here an' a weed there, for all the worlcl like our colonel that is now whin his wife's given him a talkin' down an' he's prom'nadin to ease his timper. llis hack was to me, an' by the same ; token I hiccuped. He checked in his walk j vid wan ear forward, like a deaf ould lady wid an earthrumpet, an' his thrunk hild out in a kind av fore-reaching hook. Thin he wagged his ear sayin', ' Do my sinsea deceive me ?' as plain as print, an' he reeomminst promenadin'. You kuow Antonio's com pound? 'Twas as lull thin as 'tis now av new carts and ould kyarts, an' second hand carts an' carts for hire,—lando's, an' i b'rooslies, an' brooms, an' wag'nettesav ivry description. Thip I hiccuped again, an' he began to study the ground beneath him, his tail whistlin' wid emotion. Thin lie lapped his thrunk round the shaft av a wag'nette an' dhreiv it out circumspectuous an' thoughttul. ' He's not there,' lie sea, fumblin' in the cushions wid his thrunk. Thin I hiccuped again, an' wid that he lost his patience good an' all, same as this wari tn the line here." The gun-elephant was breaking into peal after peal of indignant trumpetings, to the disgust of the other animals who had linished their food and wislipd to digest. Between | the Outcries we could hear him picking rest lessly at his ankle-ring. "As I was Sayin V'rSlulvaney went op, "he behaved dishgraceful. He let put wid. his -forfdut^like &* Btdamditmitner. bein' con vinced that I was in nmhuse»ul<rmT]7fceHt.;, an' that was'nette ran back among the other carriages like a field-gun in charge. Thin he hauled ut out again on'siiuk ut, an', by nature, itcameall to little pieces. Aftlier that lie went sliPer damn, slam, danchi', lunatic, double-shuffle demented wid the whole av Antoni .'a shtock for the season. He kicked, an' he straddled, and he stamper], an' he pounded all at wanst, his big bald head bobbin* up an' down solemn as n rigadoon. He tuk a new shiney broom an' kicked ut on wan corner, au" ut opened out like a blos sorniu' lily; an' he sbtuck wan fool-foot through the , flure av ut an' a wheel was shpinnm' on his tusk. At that he got scared, on* by this an' that he fair sat down plump nmong the carriages, an' they pricked 'ini wid splinters till he was a boundin' pin cushin. In the middle av the mess, whin the carts was climhin' wan on top av the other, an' rickochettin' olf the mud waljs, on' showin* their agility wid him tearin' their wheels off, I heard the sound av distrestfut wailin* on the housetops, an* the whole An tonio firm and fam'ly was cursin* me an' him from the roof next door, me bekaze I'd taken refuge wid tlieiu, and he beienze lie was playin* shtep-dauces wid the carriages av. the aristocracy, ' " Divart his attention,* sez Antonio, dancin' on the roof in his big white waist coat, 'Divart his attention,' be says, 'or I'll prosecute you.' An' the whole fam'ly j shouts, ' Hit him a kick, mister soldier.' "j "' He's divartin' himself,' I sez, for it was just the worth av a man's life to go down ! into the compound. But by way av makiu' j bIiow 1 threw the whisky 1 Kittle ('twas not I full whin I came there) at him. He shpun round froniiWluit was left av the last kyart, i and shtuck his head into the verandah not | three^.feet below me., Maybe 'twas tliei temptin'ness av his back or the whisky, j Anyways the next thing I knew was me wid sny'liands fall av mud imdmortar nil. fours'; on hie back, on' the Snider just slidin' ott' the slope nv hia head. I grabbed, that an' scuffled on Iris ueclr,dhimv my knees andher his big flappin* ears, An1 we wint to glory out av that compound wid o shqueal thjit crawled up my hock an* down mybelly.Thlii I remiuibered the Snider, an' I giup- ut by the muzzle on' hit him on the head. 'Twos' most forlorn like, like tappin* the deck av a throopship wid a cane to stop the engines whin you're sea-sick. But I persevered till I sweated, an' at last from tauin' no notice at all he began to grunt. I! hit wid the. full strength that was in me in those days, on' it might ha' discommoded him. We come back to the p'rade ground j forty miles an hour trumpetin' vainglorious. I never stopped hammering himior a ininut j, 'twas by way av divartiu' him from runniu uudher the trees an'scraping me off like a] poultice. The p'rnde-groun* an* the road was ail empty, but the throops was on the roofs J av the barrnoks, on* betune Ould Thrajec tory's gruntin' an' mine (for I was winded wid | my stone-brealrin'), I heard them clappin'an' cheerin'. He was growin' more confused, an' tnk to running in circles. "'Begad,' sez I to uiysilf, 'there's a dacincy in-all things, Terence. 'Tis like you've slip!it his head, an' when you come out nv clink you'll beput under stoppages for kiiiin' A Gov'meut elephint,'-.At that I caressed him." " *0w the devii did you do that. Might as well hatablObinhi' barrick," saidOrtheris. " Thried all manner av eiidearin* epitaphs, but,- being more than w little shuk-up, I dis remimbered whatthe divilwoaldanswer to; So,' .Qbp&^bfc,;i feefc.*^,'I^ttyiMtS8J" says II ' Whofi), mtop''Xtekf Wkf that I fetched I him asbtrokeav the butt for to conciliate him, and he stud still among the barricks. .Will no one take me off the top av this murderin* volcano ?' I sez at the top nv my shout, an' I heard a man yellin', " Hould on, faith On.' patience, the othet elephihts ore cotoin'i' 'Mother nv glory,' I sez, ' will I rough-ride the whole stud? Gome an' take me down, ye eowurds!' " Thin a brace av fat she-elephints wid mdhouts an' a commissariat sergint came shulHing round the corner av the barricka; an' the mahouts was abasia* ould Potiphar's mother au'blood kin. "■ Observe my reinforcements,' I sez. ' They're goin' to take you to clink, my son an* the child av calamity put his ears forward an' swung head on to those females. The pluck av him, afther my oratorio on his brain-pan, wint to the heart av me. 'I'm in dishgrace meailf,' I sez, 'but I'll do what I con for ye. "Will yego to clink like a man, or fight like a fool whin there's no clianst? Wid that I fetched htm wan last lick on the head, an' he fetched a tremenjus groan an' dhropped his tiirunk. ' Think,' sez X to him, an'' llalt 1' I sez to the mahouts. They was anxious so to do. 1 could feel the ould reprobit meditating under me. At last lie put his trunk straight out an' gave a most melancholious toot (the like av a sigh wid an elephint); an' by that I knew the white llag was up an' the rest was no more than con sidherin' his feelin's. "' He's done,' I sez, ' Kap° open ordher left an' right alongside. We'll go to clink quiet' " Sez the commissariat sergeant to me from his elephint, ' Are you a man or a mericle ?' sez lie. " ' I'm hetwixt an" ketone,' I sez, thryin' to set up stiff-back. ' An' what,' sez I,' may lia' set this animal off in this opprobrious shtile?' I sez, the gnn-hutt lignt an' easy on my hip an' my left hand dhropped, such as throopers behave. We was bowling on to the elephint-lines nndher escort all this time. "'I was not In the lines when the throuble began,' sez the sergeant ' They tuk him off carryin' tents and such like, an' put him to the gun-team. I knew he would not like ufc, but by token it fair tore his heart out' "'Faith, wan man's meat is another's poison,' Isez. ' Twas bein' put on to carry tents that was the rain av me.' An' my heart warranted to Ould Double End bekaze he bad been, put upon, j " ' We'll close on Mm here,' sez the ser geant, whin we got to thft elepbint-lines. AH I the mahouts an* their childher was round the j pickets cursin' my tattoo from a mile to hear, j ' You skip off on po my elephint's back,' he sez. ' There'll be throuble,' "' Sind that howlih* crowd away,' I sez, |' or he'll thrample the life out av thirn.' I I cud feel his ears beginnm' to twitch. 'An' do you an' your imniqril slie-elephants go well clear away. 1 wj|l%et down here, lie's ail Irishman,' i.sez, 'for all his long Jew's j nose, au' he shall be treated like an Irish- i man." i* "' Are ye tired av life?' sez the sergeant " Divil a bit,' I sez ? ' but wan av us has to win, an' I'm uv opinion tis me. Get back,' I sez. " - i "The two elephints went off an' Smith ', O'Brien came to a halt,dea<l above his own i pickets. 'Down,' sez I, whackin' him on j the head, an' down he,wint, shouldher over j 8houUlher, like a hillside slippin' afther rain.! "Now," sez I, slidin' down his nose an'j running to the front avhim, 'you will see tiie ; man that's betther than you.' i " Ilis big bead was flown betune his bi; t'---svii'-tliey was twisted in sideways I jpke ajkitteu's._ lfe lo5ked the picture av j innociiice an' forlonv-otneness, an' by this ; an' that his big hairy uinlherlip was threm-! blin' an' he winked hfei¥yes together to kape ! from cryin.' ' For the love av God,' I spz, ! clean foigettin' he was a,<,!unib haste ; 'don't i take ut to heart so. Aisy, be aisy,' I sez ; an' j wid that 1 rub'ned his cheek an' betune his j eyes an' the top nv his thrunk, talkin' all j the time. ' Now,'.sez I-, * I'll make you com-! fortable for the nights Send wan or two j chiklher here,' I says to the sergeant, who j was watching' to see "me killed. 'He'll rouse at the sight av a man.' " " You got bloomin' clever all of a sudden," said Ortheris, " 'Ow did you come to know 'is funny little ways that soon ?" "Bekaze," 6aid Terence with emphasis, " bekaze 1 had conquered the beggar, my son." "Ho!" said Ortheris between doubt and derision, *' G'on." " Ilis mahout's child and wan or two other line-babies came runnin* up, not bein' afraid av anything, an" some got wathcr, an' I washed the top av his poor sore head—begad, I hod done him to a turn !—an' some picked the pieces av carts out av his hide, an' we j scraped him, an' handled him all over, an' j we put a thunderin* big poultice av neem-j leaves (the same that ye -stick on a pony's j gall) on his head, an' it looked likcasmoirin'- i cap,,nu* we. put a pile av young sugar-cane j forninst him, an' he began to pick at ut. j * Now,*' Bez 1, settin' down on his lore-foot, j ' we'll have a dhrinfe, an' let bygones l>e.' I sent a naygur cliild for a quart av arrack, an' the sergeant's wife she sint me out four i lingers av whisky, an' whin the liquor came ! j I cud see by the twinkle in Ould Typtioon's ' i eye that he was no more a stranger to ut >. than me—worse luck, than me! So he tuk j Ids quart like a Christian, an' thin I put liis shackles on, chained hip fore an' uft to the Kickets, an' gave him toy blessin* an' wint ick to barracks." J a " And after V I said in Ihe pause. " Ve can guess," said Molvaney. " There was confusion an' the colonel gave me ten rupees, an* the adj'teffig&ve; me five, an' my comp'ny captain gave nie five, and the men carried me round thebamcks shoutin'." "Didyou go So theclink i" said Ortheris. "I niver hearda wordtoore aliout the mis dnd|Mu>^^H£ji^'8 beak, if that's what youjmaii^iaiBit kpy'i'il av the bhoys was tuksoff kVddsn to pp .Holy Cliristians* Hotel that night. Sin ill bhune to thim,— they had rupees in dhrinks. I wint to lie down-on sl^ep ut off; for I was as done an' doublfSUone as him there in the lines ; 'tis no ritoi elephints. Sub sequint, mfefttfdthe'V'enerable Father av Sin became mighty frieffdjy, I wud go down to the linesf whin I washi disiigrace, an' spend an atthernopn cqHdgln* wid him: he chewin* wan stick sv sugar-cane on' me another, as thick oa thieves... He'd talce all I had out ar my pockets an' put-nit bode again, an' now an' thin I'd bring him beer for his dijistiu', and I'd give hiniadvice about bein' well be haved an' keepin' off the books. Afther that lie. wint the .way av.the army, an' that's bein' thralisterred as soon as you've made a good friend." " So you never saw him again ?' I de manded. , " Doyou "believe thcErstlialf of the affair? said Tereneei . .. " I'll wait till Learoyd comes, I snid evasively. Except .when he was carefully tutored by. the other two and the immediate money-benefit explained, the Yorkshircwnn a'ia hottellliea; affdTerence, I knew, had a ptofll&atfe; imagination.' , "There's another pari still," saidMul vanpy. " 0rtheris:WO8.in that." " Then I'll believe jt all," I answered. Not from any special belief inOrtlieris's word, but from desire to learn the rest. He stole a pup from me once when our acquaintance was new, and, with the little beast stilling under liis overcoat, defied not only the theft but that he ever was interested in dogs. " That was at the beginnin' av the Afghan business," said hlulvaney ; " years afther the men who had seen me do thethrick was dead or gone home. I came not to speak av ut at the last bekase—bekasc I do not care to knock the face av ivry man that calls me a liar. At the very lieginnih' av the marchin' I wint sick like a fool. I had a boot-gull, but I was all for keepin' up with the rig'mint and such like foolishness. So I tinished up wid a hole in my heel that you cud ha' dhruv a tent-peg into. Faith, how often have I preached that to recruities since, for a warnin' .to tliim to look afther their feet! Our docthor, who knew our business as well as his own, he sez to me, in the middle av the Tangi Pass it was: 'That's sheer damned carelessness,' sez he. ' How often have 1 tould you that a marchin' man is 110 stronger than his feet—his feet—his feet?'he sez. 'Now to hospital you go,' he sez,' for three weeks, an expense to your Quane an' a nuisince to your counthry. Next time,' says lie,' perhaps you'll put some avthe whisky you pour down your throat, an* some of the tallow you put into your hair, into your socks,'sez he. Faith, he was a just man. 80 soon as we come to the head avthe Tangi I wint to hospital, hoppin' 0:1 wan fut, ivoikl wid disappoint ment. 'Twos a field hospital (all Hies an' native apothecaries an' liniment) dhropped, in a way av sp.-akin* close by the head ov the Tangi. The hospital guard was ravin' mad wid us sick for"keepin' thim there, an' we was ravin' mad at bein' kept; an through the Tangi, day an' night an' night an' day, the fat an' horse an' guns an' commis sariat an'tents an' followers av the brigades was pourin' like a mill-stream. The doolies came dancin* through, scores an' scores av thim, an' they'd turn up the hill to hospital wid their sick, an' I lay in bed nursin' my heel, an" hearin' the men bein' tuk out. 1 remimber wan night (the time 1 was tuk wid fever) a man came row!in' through the tents an* ' I3 there any room to die heiv ?' lie sez. ' There's none wid the columnsan' at that lie dropped dead acrost a cot, an' thin the man in ut began to complain against dyiu' ail alone in the dust undlier dead men. Thin I. must ha' turned mad with the fever, an' for a week I was prayin' the saints to stop the I noise av the columns niovin' through the j Tangi. Gun-wheels it was that wore my! head thin. Ye know how 'tis wid fever?'' We nodded ; there was no need to ex- ] plain. "Gun-wheels an' feet an'people sh on tin', . hut mostly gun-wheels, "l'was neither night ] nor day to me for a week. In tiie moriiin' j they'd rowl up the tent-llies, an' we sick cud . look at the 1'ass an' cousidlier what was comin' next. Horse, fut, or guns, they'd be sure to derop wan or two sick wid us an' we'd get news. Wan mornin', whin the fever liikl I oft" of me, I was watchin' the Tangi, an' 'twas i just like the picture on the backside av the ] Afghan medal—men an' elepliints an' guns comin' wan at a time eruwlin' out of a dhrain." " It were a dhrain," said Ortheris with feeling. " I've fell out an' been sick in the | 'Tangi twice; an' wot turns my innards ain't no blbomin' vi'lets neither." "The Pass give a twist at the end, so every thing shot out suddiiit an' they'd built a tliroop-hridge (mud an' dead mules) over a nullah at the head av ut. 1 lay an' counted the elepliints (gun-elephints) thryin' "the bridge wid their thrunks an' rolling out sagacious, 'i'he tilth elephint's head came round tiie corner, an' he threw up his thrunk, an' he fetched a toot, an' there he siituck at the head of the 'Tangi like a cork in a bottle. " Faith," thinks I to niysilf, "lie will not thrust the bridge ; there will be throuhle.' " " Trouble ! My Gawd !" said Ortheris. " 'Terence, 1 was iie'iud that blooming 'uUet up to my stock in dust Trouble!" " Tell on then, little man ; I only saw the hospital end av ut" Mulvaiicy knocked the ashes out of his pipe, as Ortheris heaved the dogs aside and went on. "We was escort to them guns, three comp'nies of us," he said. " Dewey was our major, an' our orders was to roll up anything we coiue across in the 'Tangi an* shove it out toiler end. 8ort o" pop-gun picnic, see? We'd rolled up a lot o' lazy beggars o' native followers, an' some commissariat supplies that was hivoo-whackiiT for ever seeniin'ly, an' all the sweepin's of 'art a dozen things what ought to 'ave bin at the front weeks ago, an' ltewcy, he sez to U3, ' You're most \urc-breakin' sweeps,' 'esez. 'For 'evhip sake,' sez 'e,' do a little sweepin* now.' t we swep',—s'welp me, 'o\v we did sweep 'em | along! 'There was a full reg'iuent be'iml us; most anxious to get 011 they was; ail' they kep'. on sendin' to us with the colonel's com pliments, an' what in 'ell was we stoppin' the way for, please? Oh, they was partie'lar polite! So was Dewey ! 'H sent e'm back wot-for, an' he gave us wot-for, an' we give the guns wot- for, an' they give the commis sariat wot-for, an' the commissariat gave first- class extvy wot-for to tiie native fol lowers, an' on we'd go again till we was stuck, an' the 'ole I'ass 'ud he swimmin' Allelujnh for a mile an' a "a if. We udn't 110 tempers, nor no seats to our trousics, an' our coats an' our rilles was chucked in the I carts, so as we might lia' been cut up any minute, an' we was iloin' drover-work. 'That was wot it was; drovin* on the IsliiT-, ton road! " I was close up at the head of the column when we, saw tiie end of the Tangi openin' out ahead of us, an' I sez, ' The door's open, hoys. 'Oo'H git to the gall'ry furst?' lsez. Then I saw Dewey screwui' 'is hloomin' eye-1 glass in his eye an' lookiu' straight on.' 'Propped—ther beggar,' Jie sez; an' the be'ind end o' the hloomin' old 'ultee was I sbinin' through the dust like a hloomin* old moon made o' tarpaulin'. Then we 'ulted, nil chock-a-block one atop o' the other, an' right at the hack o' tiie guns there sails in a lot o' silly griiinin' camels, what the com missariat was in charge of—sailin' away as it they was at the itooiogical-gnrdeiis, an aqueeziiT our men most awful. The dust was tliat up you couldn't see your 'and, an' the more we 'it 'em on the 'ead the more their drivers sez, %Accha! Accha!' an', by] 'lit Jrer' before you knew where I Gawd, it was _ you was. An1 that '«f<ee'« behind end stuck in I the pass good and tight, an' 110 one knew wot for. "Fust thing we'adto'do was to fight they j bloomin* camels. Y wasn't goih' to be eat by j no bu!l-ooiit; so 5 'eld up my trousies with j one 'andj Etandin'on arook, an' 'it away; . t 1. vii w ti/gni ^uii . 11; «i u (tj1 with ;tny Jjplt ,at every nose, I saw bobbin'! above me. the capiels fell hack, tliey aa to fight to keep the rOar-guard an . . ... „ on? the native followers from crusliin' into them: an' the rem-gustdfttd tosenddown the Tahgt ] to ronrk; time, an' tome gout struck up Tommy, Make Hoom for Your Uncle!' At ter (hat, you couldntueitherseedior breathe nor tar; on'there we was, aingin', bloumiff serenades to the end of a* elephant that don't cure for tunes. 1 sung too; I couldn't do notion else. They was strengtheniu' the wge. 1" fr.ont- n11 f°r the sake of the 'uUce. liy- an -by a orfcer caught me by the throat an choked the sing out of me. So I caught the next man I could see by the throat an* choked the sing out of 'im." "What's the difference between being choked by an oflicer and being hit*" I asked, remembering a little affair in which Ortheriss honour hud been injured by his lieutenant, "One's a Woomin'. lark, an' one's a hloomin* insult !" said Ortheris. " besides, we was on service, and no one cares what an orfcer does thert, s'long as *e gets our rations an don t get us cut up. After that we got a bit quiet, an' I 'eard Dewey say that ed court-martial the 'ole lot of us as soon as we was out of the Tangi. Then we give three cheers for Dewey an'three more the iangi; an* the 'tillee's be'ind end was mi "ii 1,1 ^!e. p?s?> so' we cheered thai.. i ben they said the bridge had been strength ened an we give three cheers for tire bridge; but the Mlm wouldn't move a hloomin' "men. Not im! Then we cheered 'im again, an Kite Dawson, tliat was corner man at all the sing-songs {'e died on the wav down) began to give a nigger lecture on the be md emls of elephants, 'an Dewey, 'e fried to keep is face for a minute, but, Lord, you couidn t do such when Kite was playin' the fool an askin' whether 'e mightn't 'ave leave to rent a blooiuin' villa an* raise'is orphan children in the Tangi, 'cos 'c couldn't get ome no more. 'Then up came an orfcer (.mounted, like a fool, too), l'roin the reg'mint at the back with some more of his colonel's pretty little compliments, 'an what-was this delay, please. We sung 'im 'There's Another liloomm how Downstairs* till 'is 'orse bolted an then we give 'inr three cheers; an' Kite Dawson sez 'c was goin' to write to The i uijes about tiie awful state of the streets in Afghanistan. The 'uttee's be'ind end was stickin in the Pass all the time. At last one 0 the viahovt* came to Dewey an' sez some thing. Oh, Lord!' sez Dewey, ' I don't know the beggar's visiting-list j I'll give 'imanother ten minutes an' then I'll shoot 'im.! Things was gettin' pretty dusty in the Tangi, so weal! listened. 4 Mi wants to see a friend,' sez Dewey out loud to the men, an* 'e mopped 'is forehead an' sat down on a gun-tail. " I leave it to yon to judge *ow the reg'ment shouted. * That's all right,' we sez. ' Three cheers tor Mister Winterbottoni's friend,' sez we, 4 Why didn't you say so at first? Pass the word for old Swizzletail's wife'—and such like. Some o'the men they didn't iangh. They took, it same as if it might have been a' intro duction like, 'cos they knew alrout 'ullees. 1 lien we all run forward over the guns an' in an jU* ,among the elephants' legs—Lord, I wonder 'arf the conip'nies wasn't squashed— an the next tiling 1 saw was '1'erence 'ere lookin like a set o' wet paper, coiniiT down the illside wid a sergeant. 4 'Strewth.' 1 sez. I might ha knowed 'e'd be at the bottom of any bloomin' old trick,' sez 1. Now you tell wot 'appened your end ?" " f fay be the same as you did, little man, hstenin to the noises an' the bhoys singin'. Present^ I heard vvhisperiu' an' tiie doctor sayin', ' Get out av here, wukiit' my sick wid your jokes about elephints,' an' another man sez, all angry—4 "J'is a joke that isstoppin' two thousand men in the Tangi. 1'Jiat son av sin av a hnybag av an elvpliint sez, or the vicihonls sez for him. that lie wants to see a friend, an' heMl not lift hand or fut till he tinds liim. • I'm wore out wid inthrojucin' sweepers an' coolies to him, an' his hide's as full o' bay'net pricks as a musquito-net av holes, an I'm here utulher ordhers, docther dear, to ask it any one, sick or well, of alive or dead, knows an elephint. I'm not mad,' he sez, sottin' on a box av medical comforts, "l'is my onlliei-s, an' 'tis my mother,' he sez, that would laugh at me for the father a v all tools to-day. Does any wan here know ail elephintV' We sick was all quiet. '"'Now you've had your answer,' sez the doctor. Go away.' Mould op,' I sez, thinkin' mistiways in my cot, an' 1 did not know my own voice. f I 'll iiy wayav being acquainted widanele phinr, myself,'I sez. 4""That'sdelirium,' sez the doctor. 'See what you've done, sergeant. Lie down, mail/ he sez, seem' me tliryin' to get up. 4 ' "i'is not-,* 1 sez. 41 rode liim round Cawnpore barricks. He will not ha" for gotten. I bruk his head wid a rille.' " 4 Mad as a coot,' sez the doctor, an' thin he felt my head. 4 It's quare,' sez he. 4 Man,* he sez, 1 if you go, d* you know 'twill either kill or cure ?' 4'' What do I aire?' sez I. 'If I'm mad, 'tis better dead.' "'Faith, that's sound enough," sez the doctor. * You've no fever on you.' 44 4 Come on,' sez the sergeant. ' VTc're all mad to-day. an' the throops are wantin' their dinner.' He put his arm round av me an* I came into the sun, the hills an' the rocks skippin' big giddy-go-rounds. ' Seventeeu years have I been in the army,' sez the sergeant,4an' tlic days av merieles are not done. They'll be giviu' us more pay next, liegad,' he sez, 4 the brute knows you!' "Ould Obstructionist was screauiiu' like all possist whin I came up, an* 1 heard forty million men up the 'i'aiigai shoutin', 'Jle knows him!" 'Thin the big thrunk came round me an* I was near fainting wid weak ness. 4 Are you well, Malachi?' 1 sez, givin* him the name he answered to in the lines. ' Malachi, my son, are you well?' sez I, 'for 1 am not.* At that he thrumpeted again till the Pass rang to ut, an' the other elephints tuk it up. 'Thin I got a little strength back. 'Down, Malachi,' Isez, 'an put me up,but touch me tendherfor I am not good.' lie was on his knees in a minut an' he slung me up as gentle as a girl. 4 Go on now, my son.' I sez. * "i ou're block in' the road.' lie fetched wan more joyous toot, an' swung grand out av the head uvthe Tangi, his gun-gear clankiu' on his back; an' at tiie back av him there wint Hie most amnziu' shout 1 iter heard. An* thin 1 felt my head shpin, an' a mighty sweat bruk out on me, an' Malachi /was grovviiT taller an' taller to me sottin' on lus back, an' I sez, foolish like an' weak, smilin', all around an' about, 1 'Take me down,' I sez, or I'll fall.' " The next I remimber was lyin' in uiycot again, limp as a chewed rag, but cured ot the fever, an' the Tangi as empty as the back av niy hand. 'They'd all gone up to the front, an .ten dais later I wint up too, bavin blocked an unblocked an entire army corps. \Vhat do you think nvut, sorr?" "Tllwatttiil Isee Learoyd," I repented. , Ah in here," said a.shadow from among the shadows. Ah'ye heard t*.tale tot*," / " Is it , *AJ'; tliytfe as.'t'qwl^ bitohyjias aftes t mange. Grjli'ris, yo' - musUTt let tWaiygf ha' owt todo ud' her." , f 