THE "TIMES" NElWSPAPERt INSIDE I'PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. TIERS: is a very interesting article by Mr. Edmund Vincent in the English Illhstraled Maqazhioc for September, from which we are very glad to be able to take the following quotationo. M1r. Vincent says: Aecompany me then, at six in the evening to the door in Printing House Square. Remain without in the Ileth, but let your disembodied spirit. pass through the folding doors; the men hehind the railings on the right will not notice your ghost, but you may notee that they sit at thie receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, o nd that no man beatingg the jlrinted envelope of the imper goes anway nrewnrded. You will notice, too, that the night. printers are dropping in one after anither, for the great engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. TilHE 'OIIroINSIVi: NoO). tilie nisub<tantially to the right and you hall ipass through ai lofty room, a wilderness of irot table. aind type, to the font of a spiral staircase of iron., s·ceading which you shall ,become aware of t watrtl simell of nil and of a rattling crashing sound from p cemposigo:i irom. Look down its leingth, and the iuonsreion prltoduced on the eye is that of an eklls's seriesh of frames, htirids between i Veiti ian blind and at .Eolian hal:irl, eaich ntlelndedl by its satelliles oho work indei:r a st og light concenintriLd utpon the woruk. liefore each manI lies his slip of " copy "; legible or illegiille, lie mlustt mtake the beet of it: soll set. by hand, others by machine. Ipluyel l upon iwith keys like a piano, ealabhle lt setliing nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is tie limit of the best haind lahour. lie eontenlt with It glanice here. Know that each ll hals his work allotted to him by the heaod-lpri.ter, thalt maniiy of tile grow to ain honoulalnle il il e, Ihat all receive Itnya it tiles ligher Ihan ithose earned by any men, of their class in Lenttion, aind that there is not a Tranides Unionist aUiongi theln. THE EDITOR'S COiRlRDOR. Pass through a green-baize dloor into it long corildolr, retelnclucrisi that even to the spiritls the room of tIe editor of the Ti'iles remainsl closed, oand that you are in anotller ll(anlsi house investigating the piCne trnlia of his busilness. Other rooms in this corridor are those which liused to be occupied by Mlr. 3locdonald, and occullied now by .Mr. Godfrey W\alter, anl thie drawing-roosm in which visitors are received, over the mantel-piece of which iihung, until the other day, a portrait ef solnehody in antidiluvian jack-boots,whom I always assumed, without ally justiieoltion, to he Crabb Robinson. There are three writing-roomns on this floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips of taper, and a strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 7, the room in which an army of sub-editors spend laborious sights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly pencilled on to greased palper and called " flimsy." In spite of the monotony of their work, the sub-editors of the 'Timesx as a body are the cheeriest, and the most helplful men in the world,nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscienlce to deprive an article of all point and till epigram. TIIE REPORTERS AT HIIiOME AND ABROAlD. Upstairs, on another corridor, are tile repotters' rooms, the leader-writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader.writers fire wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work, how many of them there are, for tihe maxim of the Times office is that of the sage, with variation.s, " Call nlo mani a leider-writer until lie is dead." The name of the replorters is legion. The foreign rooml is one of the busiest in the house. The wires from the Continent click without ceasing ; the mnesesages which come require tie full altentlion of four triMed nen under it chtle. t Isa ? lnstakte, by the wsiay, to call this gentlemlns, accomplished andI distio guished as he is, an editor. The T'insex has but one editor, and ill his detpartment lie is absolute and supreme. WO are now in a position to give a rough skletch of the means concer- ncl in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the Times. TIE MEN wiUO S.AKE THiE "TIMES." They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and tile so-called City editor, though here agai thile word " editor" is to my mind misapplied. There are x leader-writers, there are cix or seven sub. editors, annl midway between thetm aild the printers are the readers. There e re lso x special correspondents, p reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and : 'semi attached reporters. In the United Klingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself " our owt corres pondent." Of these al. de Blowitz is the type and ' the ideal. Even now I have omitted the full staff of relorters inl Ihe Iouse of Conmons, who enable thilete Time to give pracieticuilly the only coimplete report of debates published-daily in Esiglanlt, and the law reporters, barristers all, iincluding men appoinlted to eacll circuit, at the head of who)m is the most indefatigable and the lmost lhumorous of Imen, the favourite of tBetech ad liar, who has alwaysa kindly word for a struggling junior and ai merry anecdote for the jaltul leader. Still there rcmain the multitudinous reviewers, tile drtmntic critic, the musical critic, the art critic, the gentleman who I makes the turf his study, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, the observer of ecricket. The names of gentlemieln of this elss are indced legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits of men. The management of this great organism tion is conducted by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with the invaluable assistanlce of Mr. MIoberly Bell. The printing department is in the hands of Mr. G(odfrey 'Walter. All the Walter presses have been ialtde in I the engineering rcom at the baelnelit of Pl'rintig House Stlu:te. Iere, too, is the type foundry, for at the 7"Iipeo Oltfics sab'ae Fitally Ithe comiiposili i nmlchilies, Kasen-e beii's, with so many imnlsrovements that the original isen is almost beyond recognition,, i htlve received nmuch aitteuntioln with exccllentI results. At one timue it was customasry to connect the oeler.tors at some of these ,naclhiies by tclelelhone wiih Ill eonss dictat ing from the HIouse of Commons, but tle tprnctice has been praclically discontinuied, ipartly becacuse the Houseo of Coliliions hlils become nn "early to bed" ilstitution, partly because thle strain oi thie olperator was found to be almost intolerahle. It is well Inown that carbon segregates flom meteoric iron is the form of lite grained irallhite, and crystals of graphlite resembling diamonils have been foundt in meteorites such as those of Youngldegiu andil the Nowo Urei. Diamoilst are also foiund to occur in old volcanic vents, such as the Kimberley mines of South Africa, which are tilled with dlecollnaosedt iitrusivo material thlrown up from great diletlllths. PIrofessor Carv'ill Lewis supllosed these dialondis to Ihsvo been formed Iy the actioun of the iintrusaivo material oi the ctrbonifrrous cshlles found there, aitld piredicted tlhat diasnonda wouldl be found ill isetcurites but no diamonds have yet beae fouind in tile Greenland iron-beds, where a similar action has taken place. I'rofeseor O. 1V. Hunting toi recently expressed the opinion--which, indeed, had already bIeen formel by M. Daubre--that, sico the earth is apparently a mass of mneteorites covered with a crunst, there ought to be abundance of diamonds at great depths. The classic simplicityof t. Renan'sFrench pirose, together with the love lie ever dis played for the discussion of spiritual piroblems and the analysis of the religious sentimtnent, naturally suggests a comparison with both the matter and the manner of the late Matthew Arnold. The nflinity between the two is, indeed, very remarkable. 