CHAPTER VII.—Oaptain Giuiqoby of the Arctic Queen. mow awesto tiling is rest I now delightful to a lirod and weary mariner is the com parative calm that succoeds a wild-wind storm at sea, whon squall orgalo 1ms ilod for away, carrying boforo it the dark deopeurtain of olouds that, hut a fow short hours boforo, hung pall-liko over ship and ocean; tho ourtain through which lightnings ilashod and glarod and shimmered blue and orimson, till tho very waves scorned wavos of blood or flamo; tho ourtain tlmt soeinod to hide great guns fired incessantly by nnscon hands, with a sound so aw f ul that tho hurrioano wind was uuheard, and tho bewildered sailors, ns thoy olutclicd at and olung to tho black, wet rigging or stays, oonld but believe that the vobsoI was being torn into timbers beneath thoir very feet I IIow awoot thon tho rest that morning brings, ns tho star light fades and pales in a sky now dear and deep ; ns tho ornngo gloam of dawn Bpreads upwards in tho Knot, nsorimson foathor-olouds, streak tho Bky, and tho red sun leaps smiling above tho distant horizon, whilo Naturo bonds down from tho hoavons, smoothing and soothing all things ns a fond mother soothes her orndlod babo. Howsweot is rest 1 How sweet is rest—tho rost that say, some summor's morning brings to tho weary in valid who for wocks has Inin ruokod with jiain in tho Biok clinmbor, from wliioh liopo itsolf for a time linB fled. Rest nftor days and nights of sleepless agony. Rest that tho ailing ono nover expeoted to find except in tho grave; rost that ho oan hardly yot boliovo has really oomo at last, albeit out there on tho trcoB ho oani soo bonoatli his window tho sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, as the broezo goes whispering through tho foliage, as tho glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting liithor and thithor, feediug their young ones on tho wing. Tho sunlight spnrklos on tho waves as if showers of precious stones wore falling un scon from Bkywards : tho sunsliino dnnoos on tho loaves as if eaoh loaf nursed a dia mond. Tho sunshine speaks to tho sailor’s heart, and ho laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, whilo sail after sail is loosened to woo tho broezo, and tho ship itself appears instinot with a now-found life aud liopo. And Naturo in tho sunBhino speaks to tho invnlid thus : " Gheor up, poor, woary ono, bo calm and hopeful now. Seo how gaily tho fiowors aro springing, how joyfully tho tasseliod troo nods in tho perfumed air, how trustfully tho crimson flowers of tho rhodo dendrons looked sunward, how sweetly tho rod bolls of tho tall, boo-haunted fox-glove stand out against tho bracken’s green, how tho roses and the syringn vio witii oaoh other iu wafting thoir odors on tho Bummor breeze, and how oontontodly tho blaokbird sings ■ hidden in thiokots of spruco ! I am Naturo, but lam not always unkind. I obey laws over whioh I havo no oontrol. I obey tho bohosts of tho Groat Unseon, whoso lnws aro evenly baluncod, ufiliotions aro nought save blessings in disiruiso, and tho good follows tho scorning evil as daylight follows darkness, or suuEhino follows storm. Re hold, I bring you peaoo, I bring you rest." Thus spoko or 'seamed to spoak to Winnio Roborts, a still, small voioo, whon two yoars after tho ovouts I havo tried to do soribo in tho last ohnptor, she found hor solf sottlod down iu n small village in tho far nortli of Scotland with horlitllo daughtor On her arrival iu England she determined to go into hiding and plnco ns many miles ob possibio botwoon hereolf and tho man Wallnrd ; botwoon herself, too, and tho agont of hor husband who might onoo morn try to rob hor of hor ohild. " Winnio possessed two talonts that slio thought might bo bettor approointed beyond tho Tweed than in England itsolf—mitsio nnd painting. Roth she oould teach, and if fortuuo would but begin to favor hor it would bo easy, by hor earnest efforts, to mnlto euflioiont money for hcrsolf nnd Roso, and to koop tho gaunt wolf, hunger, from thoir cottage door. \ou, ootaigo door, for that describes their | humble Aomo oxaotly. I?Pa omnil village it was, cm tho eastern shores of Aba dec nature, ! atul not far from a town that lms pent moro bravo boirta to the A.ri5t;o roginns, than all thoothar places in Scotluud or England com Indeed, from the front windows of this little cot in tho miburba of the village, thoy could oalch glimpses of the far off bov, sorau tnnuH blue and beautiful and onlm, at other ticnoy wild jmdatonn-tossed, tbo giant waves leasing their white mao 03 against the dark ling sky, hut whether peaceful or tbo reverse, smnohow, tho sea had always a charm for Rose and her mothor. They had thought thorn selves luoky indeed to find so pn.tty a little cottngo, It seemed really us if it hud bcon waiting for some suoh tenants. Ifivo rooraH, no moro, nor were tho 100ms largo, but tho house was solid, dry and comfortable. Thero was : a garden in front, and a lawn bohind sur- i rounded aud shaded by trees, while in tho | sweet summer tiino, ro.;Q3 clung on tho walls ! and noddod bonnily in through the windows, 1 aud a mass of golden bouoysuoklo clustered round tho porch. I People wondered at fir<*t who tho lonely 1 lady was who called bersolf Mrs Roberta,aud was said to bo n widow. Sho was English, they know from tho first. English, and thoreforo no doubt possessed some mouoy or moans, aud would therefore ho stuck-up, as thoy phrased it, and far too good to assooiato ; with suoh humblo folks as thoy wore. But when Winnie advertised in her window that alio would repoivo pupils for music and drawing, then it got rumored abroad that ' tho lady—sho was always callod tho lady— had oomo through Homo great griof, and had bnon roduood to poverty. So tho good old olorgyinan or minister callod first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with lior sad voico and gentle moin, and with hor artless and beautiful dauglitor, that ho did all in his powor to assist her. There were many wealthy farmers in tho neighborhood, and a fow resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before tho lady had pupils onough, and thou thcro was no moro foar of starvation. Wooba, tho Btrangely-dressed ayah, was an objeot of groat attraction to tho timplo villagers. Would sho, they wondered, wear tboso thin cotton rags whon winter’s winds began to howl over hill and brao, or would sho dress loss like a Pagan and moro like a Christian ? But thoy.did not forget, never theless, to waylay pcor Wooba whon-" ovor a reasonable chance presented itself, and try to worm out of lior tho history of Winnie and Rose. As well might they havo tried to elicit tlio story of bygone times from an anoient oak.^ Wooba know nothing. Sho told thorn nothing, aud sho told it iu such broken English, I hat her anxious onquirors were just us wiso us boforc, no moro and none loss. Thoro was a mystery about Winnio and her daughter, thoreforo, and tho mystory remained, but roally it was this mystory—or rather tho deeiro to unravol it—that led to tho lady’s success, though all olso apart, sho played charmingly, and sho had two gifts which stood her iu good noed as a toaohor, pationco nud innato good- nature. Rose, too, pluyed very sweetly, not only on tho piano, but on tho zither. Was it any woador, then, that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnio. It would have been a holy calm save for tho ono dark spot in lior former history, tlio ap propriation of Wallard’s mouov. Sho nover could think of that awful night at hie villa, without feoling as if a cold dead hand woro olntohipg at lior heart. But herono aim and object in Hfo must now bo to save money to repay tho man. Then and then only could she bo really happy, truly at poaco. And of Winnie’s crime, ic is almost need less to say her innocent child know nothing. Yet that orimo was a ghost that many times and oft at tho midnight hour, whon Rose’s whito eyelids woro closed iu slumber, stalked through tlio cottage rooms and kopt poor Winnio wido awake. But she had not out herself off entirely from tho outside world. There were two papers that came by post to her rogularly week uftor week. Ono was tho 11 Ceylon Ob server,” theotbor “ Tho Western Meroury.” Somo day, flhe thought, either of theaomight toll a tale. So tho timo flow by, one year, two years and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition ono day, Rose, now a fair and fragilo but tall girl, found her mother lviug on tho little couch, a newspaper on. tho floor, and her weeping face buriod in the cushions. She flow to her eido and tried to raiso hor up. “0, mothor dear, little mothor,” sho cried, “what is it? What is it? Toll mo, mothor, toll your Roso. Mothor, mother, spoak?” Tho mothor sat up. Sho was calmer now, though very pale. “ Roso, my darling,” sho said, “you are rathor moro than a child now. It is well you should know. Your father is dead.” If Roso bout her head and shod tears, it was moro in sympathy with her mothor, than for any lovo sho boro tbo man who had nevor boliavod as a father to hor. Mrs Roberta sont Weoba with oxcuses to hor pupils that evening, Sho could not go out, nor could she see anyone. But whon Wooba was gone, sho gathered Roso to hor arms, and told hor in sad, but resigned tonos, all tho story of hor childish lovo in Ghoolah woods, and Roso herself know how that dream of joy had ended. If it woro possible, mother and daugbtor loved each otbor better than over now. There was nothing between thorn—savo tho crime— each loved and trusted tho other with a lovo that nothing on earth could alter. Man and boy for ovor thirty years, bold, bluff Captain Gregory, of tho Arotio Queen, had sailed bade and fro to “ tho country,” aa Greouland ia ovor called by scaling or whaling sailors. Ho had como to own tho Arotic Queon in part, and a bonuio ahip she wna. No son that over awopt noro38 tho wild Northern Ocean, oould stavo or sink hor, no wind that over blow had laid her on hor beam ends, when Gregory himself waa on deok. But storms boforo now had blown tho sticks out of hor, soas had o'arriod her bowsprit off, and great groon waves had smasnod hor boats and wrecked hor winoh, and battored and tore at hor bulwarks, till tboy looked more like sboep hurdles than anything clso that oould bo named. But tho skipper was dauntless, and bis faith in tho strength and sailing capabilities of his bonnio barque was like a man-child’s faith in a loving lather. It had boon proposed by tho other owners to make tha Arotio Queon a stoamor, 41 AVhat for V” thundered Gregory at tho mooting, and ho brought his fat, red fist to tho tablo with a boug ns ho spoke. “ What for, I wonder ?” ho oriod. “ I can do all and moro with my sailing barquo than ovor I could with a pulling old tin kettle. Gentle men, thoro isn’t a ahip sails to the country that oan go so oloso to tho wind, or como round in loss soa-room, or run boforo tho wind, or lay to so handsomely ns tho Arotio Quoen. Stoam indeed! Don’t name it to mo again, or I’ll soli out aad Jack her up. I’m a sailor; you follows have never boon a milo from a cow’s noeo in all your born days. Pardon my plainness, but no steamer for me, thanks.” So no moro had boon said about turning tho Arotio Quoen into a pufliug old tin kettle, and to do him justico it must bo admitted that in any fivo yoars of her cruising tho barquo had brought homo as many skins as auy etoumehip afloat. So Captain Gregory had sumo reason to bo proud of his barquo. Now this good skipper’s ship waB his wifo, iis ovory truo sailor’s ship should bo— well, till ho gob’s married, at all events. But Grogory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. Ho had probably never mot anyone that acted load etouo-fa3hion on his sailor heart. Besides, every December ho began to propnro for his voyage lolo-warde, and ovory February saw bis barquo’s prow pointed towards tho Arctici .Regions. Then it iiBod to bo well on m Juno or July before ho returned, and what with unloading and ono thing and anothermenthssoon slipped away, iriving him little time to indulga in tho pleasures or gaioties of life on ahoto. But onosummor, in the vory last week of May—and what I am about to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen tho announcement in tho Coylon nowB papers, that caused hor tears to flow—tho Arctic Queen returned home most unex pectedly. Mr Andorson, the chief ownor, was just sitting down to "breakfast, when itwas roportod that she could be soon stand ing in towards the shore and signalling for a pilot. Mr Anderson jumped up, and wont to tlio top of his houso to aoo for hiittBolf. Yoa, tbero was tho burquo right ouough, all taut aud trim and very deep in tho water. Who Must bo a bumper slop, ho thought, as ho hurried away harborwards, forgetting all about liia breakfast in the excitcmont of tho moment. As soon as sho was near enough he could eco tho heap of glittering freali- water ioe twixt foro and main, which porters from every hotel in town had already assembled with tub3 to secure. Ho could seo, also, tho beaming fnoo of Captain Gregory on tho quarter-deck, waving his rod silk haukorchief shorowards. A bumper ship! I should think sho wag. Novor ho foro had such a Bplcndul cargo of sealskins beon brought into tho lmrbor. “Hi! old man,” cried tho skippor, jubilantly, to Anderson as ho shook hands with all a sailor’s hoartiness. “ Where nro your puffing tin kottlos now ? Away astern, aren’t thoy ?” “I’ll never say a word against a sailing craft again as long as I live,” said Ander But Captain Grogory’s triumph was com plete whon, just a fortnight nftor this, two steamers camo in “clean.” That is without a cargo. So tho bold skipper of tho Arctic Queen would havo all tho sweot summer boforo him to eujoy in his own oountry, and this had not happened before for yours. Ilia share of tho profits, too, was by no moans inconsiderable, and so, sailor-like ho dotermined to givo himself a littlo onjoy IIo could not bo scon, ovory evoning, at somo out-door toa party, or on somo tennis lawn or other, and everybody said ho lookod tho jolliest of tho jolly. To bo suro, ho affeoted to dross like a landsman, and ovon woro a silk hat, but there was that about him wliioh told ovoryono ho was a truo son of Ncptuno dro83 as ho might. Ono ovoning in particular—but stay, I’ll 1 bogin anothor chapter. 