HAVE GHOSTS BEEN SEEN? Pew inbjects tax moro stringently what may be callcd tbe scientific conscience than the matter of apparitions. Tho student of science recognizes two clear duties in all scientific inquiries. In tbe first place, ho must strive to seo things ? a tliAtr ni-n ntul tn fhn flflnnnri Tin milflt Bnonlf of tbem as he sees tbem. In regard to ghosts and goblins, science has travelled along smoothly enongh so long as apparitions cf particular classeB have been in question. Tlio whole subject of hallucinations baslbcen explored by science so thoroughly that no one now is perplexed by stories of visions such as those that troubled Nicolai, Blake the painter, Mrs. A* (of Brewster's 'Natural Magic'), and a number of other persons. The vision in sncli ?aseB is but ?' the blot upon the brain that will show itself without,' and scienoe is 'not to be overawed by what it cannot but know is a juggle of tho brain.' Nor has science been much concerned about those old-fashioned ghost stories, telling how 6heeted forms and unearthly sounds have aUrighted sensitive folk under conditions suitably suggestive. We have learned to un derstand how readily under such conditions — as the gloom of night, chilly air (starting ?bivers and tremors, which of themselves Buggest unearthly feelings,) and so forth — the mind will unconsciously form false imn;es out ol dimly-seen objects, or trans form unexplaiued noiseB into sounds signi ficant of horror. A waving cloth becomes a beckoning sbeet-clad ghnst ; the creaking of a door sounds like the shriek or moan of some one in agony. Out in the open air, in gloomy- woods, or valleys half hid in mist, sights and sounds that by day would not be noticed are by tho active mind changed to awful appearances or terrible noises. To this day, for instance, in parts of Eng land, the noises made at night by migrating birds are regarded as tho barking nnd yelp ing of the Gabriel hounds (' Gabriel ' is it self a suggestive transformation from ' gab ble which in recent times— I mean some where within the last 10 or 12 centuries — have been found by tbe foolish country folk to bo the souls of unbaptized children ; whilo (since tbe hounds have never done any harm directly) it has been held reasonabe to regard them as indicating some approaching trouble for those who hear them. There has not only been no trouble in in terpreting the ghosts and goblins of this type, but no difficulty has arisen in conse quence of visions and voices which have seemed to simulate tbe appearance or tones of tbe dead. It is when we turn to visions of living per sons, or to thougbtB and suggestions relating to living persons, at a distance from tho per son affected by the vision of impression, that we Iiml evidence mo3t difficult to deal with, and the results not only difficult to explain, but not altogether satisfactory for discussion, became tho number of those who welcomo the discussion of such matters with ridicule enormously exceeds the number of the more sensible. To illustrate the class of cases in question, I will take a few carefully selected examples from among hundreds that might be recited. fn the following cobc we have the direct evidence of the person affected, who is well known, may even be said to bo in somo de gree eminent— the llev. James M. Wilson, bead master of Clinton College, Eiigland,and aenior wraugler (that is, first in the honor examination for mathematics) in the year 1850\. I was at St. John's College, Cam bridge, when he was there, taking my de gree only ono year later. The following narrative is in his own words. 'I was at Cambridge, in full health, boating, football playing, and the like, and by, no. means subject. to. hallucinations or morbid fancies. One evening I felt extremely'' ill ; trembling with no apparent cause what ever, nor did it seem to be a 'physical illness or chill of nny kind. 1 .was frightened. I was totally unable.to overcome it,. I remem ber a sort of struggle with myself, resolving that I would go on with my mathematics ; but it was in vain. I became convinced that I was dying. I was in a strange discom fort, but with no Bymptoms tbat I can re call except mental discomfort, and the con viction that I should dio that night. To wards 11, nfter somo three hours of this, I got better and went up stairs, and got to bed, and nfter a time to sleep, and tho next, mining was quite well, fn tho next af ternoon came a letter to say that my fsvin ' brother had died tho evening before in Lin oolnsbire. I nm.quite clear of the fact that 1 never onco .-thought of him, nor was his presence with me even dimly imacined.' Let this story, in which not only was no apparition seen, but the presence of the rela tive who died at the time of tlio strange sen ?ation was not even imagined, be compared with the following, which is ono of tho best authenticated of a class of stories whoso name is now becoming legion : In September,. 1857, Captain W„ of the Sixth Dragoon Guards, left England to join his regiment .in India, leaving bis wifo at Cambridge. On the night botween Nov. 14 and 15, £857, she dreamed tbat she saw her husband looking very ill, and she thereupon woke in ngitatjon. Whon sho looked up she ijrtjthc same figuro stonding-by her bedside. uniform and as if suffering imcjisu jio men grauuauy fculca from her view. At first Mrs. W. supposed she must be ntill asleep ; but rubbing her eyes and listening to the breathing of a child be side her, she convinced herself that what sho had seen was no dream. In December, 1857, a telogram from the seat of. war appeared in tho morning papers, stating that Captain W. had been killed beforo Lucknow on tho fifteenth of November. Tbe family solicitor applied for further information ns to the date of Captain W.'s death, which Mrs. W. felt sure must have taken place on the fourteenth and not 011 the fifteenth. But the date given in the telegram was confirmed at tho war office. At this time u singular circumstance caino to light. Tlio solicitor chanced to men tion the case to a lady, a friend of his, who according to his own account, had a tendency to see visions. Turning to her husband, she ?aid : 'That muBt have been the same apparition I saw on the evening when-.-$f.werc speaking about India,' ?' . .. \V ;' They wero able to fix-, tlio. dato by means of a receipt for an amount paid tbat day as the fourteenth of November. The solicitor on this applied to tho war office again, saying that the friends of Captain W. wero per iuaded there must bo somo mistake about tlie date. 'The ofllcials stated, however, that there could bo uo mistake, since tho death was roforred to in two despatches from Sir Colin Campbell, who, in both cases, gave the dale ns the fifteenth. In March, I808, a .letter arrived from a brother officer, giving an account of Captain W's death. ' This officer, who had been riding besido Captain W. when he was killed, stated that death occurred on tho fourteenth of November. Finallv, though whether on tho strength of this officer's evidence or through faith in the apparition's truth to time, the day was altered to tho fourteenth. It seems never to have occurred to any one to consldcrlthe difference between Indiau and English time. If tie time of Captain W's death really coincided, as Mrs. W. then and thereafter firmly beb'eved, with the time of her dream, then, unless sho went to bed unusually early, he was killed on the 16th of November, Indian time. Suppose, for instance, sho had her dream at 10 o'clock on the night of November 14, then at tbat moment it was 24 minutes past three ou the morning of November IDatLucknow, Buppose it was later, aB the account Bug gestB, then, wo may woll suppose that daylight had already broken on the morning of the 15th at Lucknow, at tho hour when Mrs. W-. had her midnight dream at /Cambridge .and hty husbant .met with his .death. One .other ;rarriy.\ve, ', before -wo consider she Dbilosbphica.l anpect,of the multitudinous stories of this kind which are vouched foi|On .good-authority^ and bp it remembered, in Caaaing.sucli.Btprics'aa^Xe.c^u.bo'unmja iiiKnbl.v conrirmcd, and nave frequently Dcen so confirmed, independantly of the veracity of persons who assert that they saw the vision or experienced the impression con sidered. The following Btory is related al most in the words of the Bishop ot Carlisle, better known in former 'dayB at Cambridge as Dr. Harvey Goodwin, tho eminent mathe matician. . A Cambridgs student had arranged somo years ago with a fellow-student that they Bhould meet togother at Cambridgo for tho purposes of reading. A short timo before going up to Cambridge to keep his appoint ment one of tbem— from which Dr. Goodwin bad the story — was in the south of England. Waking in tho night he saw, as lie imagined, his friend sitting at tho foot of his bed. He was surprised by the sight, and more so as his friend seemed to be dripping with water. He spoke, but the apparitian shook its bead and disappeared. But the vision reappeared a few minutes after. Information was soon received that at about the timo when tue apparition was seen by the young student his friend bad been drowned while bath ing. It will be remembered that Lord Broug ham had an experience very similar to the one just relited ; and there are other cases of the same kind, that is, cases in which an apparition of a distant friend, at or near tho hour of death, has been seen by one to whom a promise has been made, the ful filment of which had been prevented by death. The coincidence explanation, which dis poses fully of even the best authenticated ghost and goblin stories, fails entirely in the presence of the phenomena we are consider ing. These experiences are so exceptional as to excite special attention when they oc cur ; whilo, whenever they do occur, an event of a special kind occurs to correspond, both as to time and person. This being the case, theargumentfrom coincidence logi cally demonstrates canal not casual connec tion. But, as I suggested at the ontBet, the trouble is, that we cannot understand bow there can be any casual association in these cases. Nothing as yet known to tho student of science enables liim to explain how the anguish of A in one part of the earth can move B to sympathetic anguish in another. I am utterly unable to suggest nny explana tion. The theory of brain waves suggested by the present editor of the Nineteenth Cen tury several years ago, in reference to a story related by Tennyson about an apparition of the kind we are considering, is simply no ex planation at all. It is an attempt to explain obscurum per obscurius. The or»y path to aa explanation that seems worth trying is that on which Professor Barrett and others have attempted to advance inquiry ; namoly, as to the influence of mind 0T1 mind under test conditions. And, unfortunately, whilo this path .is infested by charlatanism nnd trickery, what has been thus far disctosed with more or less clearness in this direction has been of little promise. Like Sir IsaacNewton'sexperi ments on the nctionofgravity undertest con- ditions, which gave evidence only as to the naturo of the attractive force exerted by matter on matter, but in no sense explained how matter can act on matter instantly over vast distances, so these experiments on the action of mind on mind 'within the same room, though useful as indicating the nature of this action, suggest no explanation whatso ever of the observed fact that mind can act 011 mind at a distance, and apparently in an instant of time. In fine, it appears to me' that the evidence regarding the communication of impressions from mind to mind over great distances, in Buch sort that apparitions of distant persons dying or suffering seem to be seen by their friends or relatives, is too strong to be re jected by any conscientious student of facts. Science is no moro justified in rejecting this evidence merely because no explanation is available than astronomers would be j ivjii- fied in rejecting the observed fact that bodieB influence other bodies from a dis. -tancc,- moroty- because,., .as. JNe.kt.on himself admitted, no one can explain how matter' can act where it is not. Some communica tion there must be between sun and planet, between planet, and satellite, and beyond each solar system between snn and sun and' between galaxy and galaxy ; but no one has yet Bliown what that communication may be. I11 like manner, even the most cautious student of science mny well believe that thero lib some moans of communication, under special conditions, between mind and mind at a distance, though no one may be I able to explain how such communication is brought about. 