| ENGLISH GOSSIP. The Queen was so anxious tor Lord Cromct- to become Viceroy of' India that he was summoned to Balmoral (says the World) in order that her Majesty might express her wishes on tho subject ; but he had excellent private and family reasons for declining. Lord Cromer will probably leave Egypt, next year if he can be spared, and lie is then to bo given an Embassy. Tho statement that Mr. Tom Mann, the labor leader, is ati accepted candidate for dencon's orders in tho Church of England, is premature. In an interview Mr. Mann ex plained that though for some weeks past he has been considering tho question, he lias as yet come to no decision on the matter, and it is likely to bo a week or two longer before ho makes up his mind. He has been strongly urged by many of his friends to take holy orders, but ho will not do so if the act should in any way impair his usefulness in tho labor world. It is not accurate, he says, to state that ho has a " title" to the curacy of a largo and important parish, but he knows that if lie desires to tako orders a position of tho kind indicated will bo found for him in a parish which at present he is not at liberty to name. By an order dated August 1, 1893, Mr. Justice Stirling decided that if the consent of the Marchioness of Ailesbury to tliu sale of the Savernako estate wero not produced to Lord Iveagll by tho 29th ult. Lord Iveagh would be at liberty to rescind tho contract for tho purchase. It is stated that Lady Ailesbury's assent not having been produced, Lord Iveagh has, under the terms of the order, rescinded the contract ; and further, that Lord Ailesbury has given notice of ap peal against Mr. Justice Stirling's order. The case will probably be heard in November. Lord Roberts, in distributing the prizes to the Bristol Artillery Volunteers, said England happily hitherto had been spared tho terrible consequences of invasion, thanks to the strip of sea separating our country from the continent of Europe ; but as, by "a combination of circumstances which they might not foresee, the command of the sea might for a time bo wrested from our splendid navy, it seemed to him to be tho bounden duty of every able-bodied Briton, no matter what his station of life, to go through a course of military training. He was not one of those Who expected volun teers to reach the highest standard of military efficiency, but he did not think that because they could not reach that standard they were not worth keeping up. The volunteer force had a distinct value of its own, and was a most useful body of men, worth making so efficient as to ensure their being a real addition to England's military strength in time of emergency. The ghosts at Hampton Court Palace are said still to frighten the inhabitants and officials of the place ; and even visitors, it is declared, are not exempt, several of them having terminated their visits abruptly owing to tho noises they have heard. A resident in the palace sends to the Daily Graphic an account of an apparition seen by nn atten dant in the gardens, who was sitting on a bench waiting for the inspector to pass on his rounds at night, when suddenly he felt a hand laid upon his face, and, looking up, saw a tall pale lady, dressed in grey. He sprang up at once, but she vanished before his eyes, and the shock caused by the nppnrition was bo great that he had to resign his post, lie became so nervous that lie was absolutely afraid to remain in the gardens at night. Nor are tho ghosts confined to the gardens; for a few nights ago two of the maid-servants, fancying they smelt something burning, wont down one of the staircases ill the middle of tho nightund met atall pale lady with "arcflcetod light on her face," and dressed in black. She, too, vanished through one of the Queen's gates, though the door itself was shut, and no footsteps could be heard. Other ser vants in the palace hnvo been visited by these royal ghosts. One servant declares that she felt something come and touch her face in the dark when she was asleep in bed, and another maid sleeping in tho next room called out to her to " leave off walking about her room," as she heard foot steps moving ubout. Several visitors to the palaco have noticed extraordinary noises in a particular room, and only a few months ago two ladios were standing talking near this room at about half-past 11 one night, when they heard a loud crash and saw a brilliant light flash through the room, a sight which they could not account for in any way. The Graphic's informant is positive that no practical joker is the author of the disturb ances, as has been suggested in some quarters. Anne Boleyn and Jane .Seymour are said to be tho disturbed spirits, and it is facetiously proposed that Mr. J. A. Froude should in terview them, and clear up some doubtful points in tho domestic history of Henry VIII. The Duke of Sutherland has been peti tioned by tho local authorities throughout tho country of Sutherlandshire to reopen the Kildonau goldiields for the benefit of tlie population. Furticles of the precious metal were found there in 1869, and great excitement was occasioned thereby, inaiiy people believing that the north of Scotland which hitherto has been celebrated only for granite, beather, stags, and bagpipes, might become another California. Diggings were commenced and several nuggets were found, but the supply was soon exhausted. Since then operations have been suspended. A desire is now shown to explore the district stiff further. To the meeting which adopted the petition to his Grace a large nugget was shown as proof of tiie possibilities of tho Kildonau goldfields. At St. Thomas's-squaro Chapel, Mare- street. Hackney, on Sunday night, October 8th, Mr. Tom Mann lectured on " The Re ligious Hypocrisy of tho Churches."' Ho asserted that there was more hynrocrisy heaped up in the orthodox Churches and chapels of London than in all the rest of tho world. The Churches were irreligious, and their teaching was bad. Evil existed every where where thero should be_ good, and the Churches, like tho Levite, passed it by. They taught "self," and " self " was tile cancer which was eating out the very vitals of the Empire. That sumo cancer permeated the political and social as well as the religious system of the country, ami against self the whole power of t lie Churches should be arrayed. Some people had expressed surprise at his name being mentioned in connection witli religious work, and some had gone so far as to expect him to apologise. He apologised to no man, nor to any group of men. He recognised that religion was an absolute necessity, and lie refused to bo associated with any trado union or labor movement which did not make religion its fundamental basis. Jio was one of those who made mistakes, but ho would sooner run the risk of a mistake than stand idly by and see evil continue without making an effort to check it. He recognised in tho Churches the means of tho regenera tion of 'tho present social -system, but tlio welfare of tlio community must be taught where the welfare of self was now the car dinal principle. . . ... A conference of the association for the re. form and codification of the law of nations was opened on October 10 at the London Guild-hall. The Lord Mayor, after wel coming the members, moved tlie election or Dr. Fncdrieli Sicveking (president of tho Hanseatic High Court of Appeal, Ham burg) as president of tlio conference. Tlio motion was adopted, and Dr. Sicveking delivered ail address, in which lie explained tho objects or tlio association, and instanced tlie question of bills of lading as one which would specially chiim attention at tlie presen t con ference, as it had done at those of past years. Sir Walter Phillimore presided, and a paper having been read by Dr. Evans llurby on tno subject of international arbitration, it was agreed to appoint a committee to prepare a project of an international arbitration treaty for consideration at the next conte- ronco. A set of draft rules of affreightment, submitted by a committeo with a view to tlie settlement of tho bills of lading 'l11 ' tion, wero discussed at length, and eau- tuallv adopted with some modifications. Replying to an inquiry as to what, in ms opinion, was the primary cause of tlie unie- spread distress now prevalent, tlie DuU oi Argyll says " Tlie causes of a general de pression in trade and of values almost all over tho world are full of mystery to mi. They must bo many and complicated, uuo amongst them, most certainly, we reckon nit influences which tend to .cs men's confidence in enterprise and Us it- suits. Clearly one of those is the unsettle, incut of men's minds on all the cardinal truths of economic science. Strikes oi enormous maguitwle anil the feji them are powerful factors bcyom doubt. They affect, both WfD America and tlie Continent, anil thes tlie centres of commerce for the lWioit world. I cannot conceive any Per"m"1c'„ source of improvement other than freedom and confidence of individual vurpriso everywhere. I do not believe in uiij nostrums on this subject. I hey seem » jJ contrary to natural laws, which will M n<» eate themselves. The compulsory giant" '» of outdoor relief oil any lndisuiuiiii-t plan would bo fatal to industry and den o.a- lising to tlio people. 1 he old Eiigli-h I Law is a matter of history. It was mini E the country. See what is now said of it iff Professor Marshall, and by all mm nuo have studied the facts upon this suljj<a- How far monetary and currency lira., an conditions may operate for evil 1 am n sure. It is a very difficult and obscure -ii jeet, on which 1 desire to keep an w-u Miss Jenny IUll, "The Vital Spark, mil sail from London oil a visit to AuHti- cL la i month. Leaving England on the lbth._ Mi- Hill will play eight weeks for Mr. Kcarelle ut Johannesburg, Where am be given tlie largest salary ever paul tc music-ball artist in South Africa. 