Hours with Great Men AND THEIR WORKS. HENRY KENDALL AND HIS POEMS. Henry Clarence Kendall was born in a wretched slab hut near Ulladulla on the south coast of New South Wales. His infancy was passed among the romantic scenery which surrounded the home of his parents, and that it made an indelible im- pression on him may be inferred from the fact that in after years he referred to it lovingly as follows: River myrtle, rimmed and set Deep among unfooted dells — Daughter of grey hills of wet, Born by mossed and yellow wells. Now that soft September lays Tender hands on thee and thine, last m'' think of bine-eyed days, Star-, ike flowers and leaves of shine. Cities soil the life with rust, Water banks are cool and sweet; Eiver, tired of noise and dust, Here I come to rest my feet. All ! the days, the old, old theme, Never stale, bub never new — Floating like a pleasant dream, Back to me and back to you. Why should I Btill love it oo — Friend and brother far away? Ask the winrls that come and go What hath brought me here to-day. Perhaps it was in remembrance of thoee happy days when he wandeied as a boy amongac the Bcenea that surrounded his home that he wrote ot a mountain moss — It lies among the Bleeping stones, Far down the bidden mountain glade, And past its brink the torrent moans, For ever in a dreamy shade. A little pat^b. of dark green tnosa, ' . Whose Roftness grew of quiet ways, With all the deep delicious floss, ~^In slumbrous suss of summer days. You know- the place P With pleasant tints The broken sunset lights the bowers ; A — j j-i ? ±1.- ? j- ? *«ii — r Ui_ j_ oilu kueu tue wuuus art; iiul %jl ?????]? Of distant, dear, voluptuous flowers. Tis often now the pilgrim turns A faded face towards that seat, And cools his brow amonj the ferns, The runnel dabbling at bis feet There fierce December seldom goes With scor hing step, and du^t, and drouth ; But— soft and low — October bloWB Sweet odors from her dewy mouth. And Autnmn like a gipsy bold, Do -s gather near it grapeR and grain, Ere Winter comes, the woodman old, To lop the leaves in wind and rain. O greenest moss of mountain glen. The face of Rose is known to thee; But we shall never share with men A knowledge dear to Love and me. Although within the brief compass of an 'hour's' comment we cannot give a complete account of the incidents comprised in Kendall's ' life,' nor an elaborate critique upon his poetry, yet we may quote a few typical passages from his poeme in order to show tbe style of his genius, the tenderness of his he*rt, and how his poetry was tinged by tbe circumstances of his Ufa, as well &B; by surroundin - influences. The poem to the memory of Mary Elvers is a wail of sorrow for a lost fist love, which forcibly reminds the reader of Boms and his Highland Mary. Some verses of ic have been set to music as follows : Path beside the silver waters flushing in October's SUB — Walk by green and golden margins where the sister streamlets ran, Twenty shining springs have «&niBh;'d, full of flower, and leaf aud bird, Since the step of Mary Elvers in your lawny deU was heard. Evening walks with moon and music where the higher life has been, But the face of Mary Stivers there -will never more \» seen. Even in the hallowed nightfall, when the fathers sit and dream, And the splendid rose of heaven sees a sister in the stream, Often do t watch the waters, gleaming in a starry Day, Thinking of a by-gone beauty, and a season fax away, — Musing on the grace that left us in a time of singing rain, On the lady who will never walk amongst these heaths again. With tbe passing of our Mary, like a sunset out of sight, Passed away our pure first passion, — all its life and all its light; Ah, my darling, no one saw it, purer than untrodden dew Was the first unhappy passion, buried in the grave with you ; Bird and Leaf will keep the secret — wind and wood will never tell Men the thing that I have worshipped, Mary Brrers, fare you well. Kendall appears to have been entirely free from that mean and sordid jealou&y; which not unfrequently disturbs the equanimity of men of genius, and particularly of musicians, painters, and poets. Hear the just and generous way in which he sings of a poet whom many other men would have regarded as a dangerous rival well got rid ol. Where Harpur lies, the rainy streams And wet hill heads and hollows weeping, Are soft with wind and white with gleams, And hoarse with sounds of storms unsleeping. Fit grave it is for one whose song Was turned by notes he caught from torrents, And fill'd with mountain breaths, and strong With notes of falling forest currents. So let him sleep, the ragged hymns And broken lights of woods above him! And let us sing how sorrow dimv The eyes of those who used to love him. But we who knew this singer dead, Whose hands attuned to harp Australian, May set the face and bow the head, And mourn his fate and fortunes alien. And far and free this man of men, With wintry hair and wasted feature, Had fellowship with gorge and glen, And teamed the loves and runes of nature. Strange words of wind, and rhymes of rain, Are mingled in his various strain, With leafy breaths of piny mountains. But as. the under tsurre^s sigh . Beneath the 6urfac^ox.a river, The music*f humanity' Dwells in his forest psalms for ever. No eoui was he to. sit on heights, And live with rocks apart and scornful; Delights of men were his delights, : . . And common troubles made him mournful. The pathos worn by wayside things, ; The passion found in simple faces, Struck deeper than the life of springs, Or strength of Btorm, or sea-swept places. But now he sleeps — the tired bard — The deepest deep ; and lo I proffer These tender leaves of my regard, With hands that falter as they offer. This is the wail of a pure, a disinterested, sad generous friendship over the loss of a brother poet, and there is not a particle of jealousy or meanness in it. That Kendall ae a friend, a lover, ft husband, and a father, had a tender heart, may be reasonably inferred from many of his poems. In Borne of his verses he alludes Vto his wife with deep affection, and hid poem entitled ' Araluen,' the name of a babe that they had lost, 1b the wail tof a heart-stricken father. A few lines from it -will show this: Girl, whose hand at God's High Altar in the dear dead year I preBa'd, tiean your stricken head upon me, this is Btill your lover's breast. She who sleeps was first and sweetest, none we hare to take her place. Empty is the little cradle, absent is the little face. Other children may be given; but this rose beyonS reeall But this garland of your girlhood, will be dearest of themall.* None will ever, Ar&lueh;, nestle where you need to he In my heart of hearts, «jr darling-! when the world was new to me. We were young when you were with us, life and love were happy things 3b your father and your mother, ere the angels gave you wings. Theee extracts from Kendall's writings show the emotional Bide of .his poetic nature in a very tavorable and pleasing light. Kendall has often been compared to Gordon with respect to the breadth and other peculiari ties of his feeniat SB a poet But why should he be like Gordon, or Gordon like iim P Why should not each be excel lent in that line of song which each had made his Specialty. We think it is absurd for critics, to waste time in attempting to prove that Kendall's genius was peculiarly his oirn, and not like the genius of any other poet. He could not write like Gordon, nor could Gordon write like him. The poems of both, however different in style, contain many beauties.' . . Kendall's power of painting lurid scenes is shown conspicuously in. his poem entitled ' Coo ranbean,' in which images of dark and fearful things crowd upon each, other in thick profusion. That the poem is founded on some dark tradition of the olden time appears from the fourth stanza, in which the deeds and tragic fate of some ancient bushranger are briefly alluded to. The place in which Bl&ct; Tom committed his crimes and where he perished was supposed by superstitious resi dents of the *'bush' to be full of horrors. The poet eays ; Whenever an elder is asked — a white-headed man of the woods — Of the torible mystery masked where the dark ever lastingly broods, Be sure he will torn to the bay with his back to the glen in the range, And glide like a phuntom away, with a countenance pallid with change. From the line of dead timber that lies supine at the foot of the glade The fierce-featnred eagle-hawk flies — afraid as a dove is afraid ; But back in that wilderness dread are a fall and the forks of a ford — Ah ! pray and uncover your head, and lean like a child on the Lord. A sinister fog at the wave— at the change of the moon Cometh forth Like an ominous ghost in the train of a bitter black etorm of the north ; At the head of the gully unknown, it hangs like a spirit of bale ; And tae noise of a shriek and a groan strikes up is the gufita of the gale. Id the throat of a feculent pit is the beard of a bloody red sedge ; And the foam like the foam of a fit sweats out of the ledge ; But down in the water of death, in the livid dead pool at the base — Bow low with inaudible breath; beseech with the hands to the face ! A furlong of fetid black fen, with gelid green patches of pond, Ides dumb by the horn of the Glen— at the gates of the HorrOT be_^ ond ; And those who have looked on it tell of the terribla growths that are there — The flowerage fostered by hell — the blossoms thai startle and sparer If ever a wandering Bird should light on Gehannas like this, Be sure that a cry will be heard, and the sound of the fiat adder's hiss. But, hard by the jaws of the bend is a ghastly Thing matted with moss — Ah, Lord ! be a father, a friend for the sake of the Christ on the Cro3s. Black Tom with the sinews of five— thatnever a hang* man could hang — In the days of the shackle and gyve, broke loose from the eaards of the gang. Thereafter, for seasons a score, this devil prowled nndet the ban : A mate of red talon and paw— a wolf in the shape of * man. But, tinged by ineffable fire, in a thunder and wind of the North, The sword of Omnipotent ire — tbe bolt of high heaven But, wan as the sorrowful foam, a grey mother waits by the sea Far the boys that have never come home these fifty four winters and three. From the folds of the forested Tiilla there are ravelled and round-about tracks Because of the terror that fills the strong-handed men of the axe ! Of the workers away in the range, there is none that will wait for the night When the storm- stricken moon is in change, and the sinister fog is in sight. And later and deep in the dark, when the bitter wind whistles about, ? There is never a howl or a bark from tbe dog in the kennel without. But the white fathers fasten the door, and often and often they start At a sound lite a foot on the floor, and a touch like a hand on the heart. Among the results brought to light through chemical investigations of the sources of spon taneous combustion, is the fact that sawdust should never be used to collect drippings or leak ages. Dry vegetable or animal oil is found to in evitably take lire when saturating cotton waste at 180deg Fab.., and spontaneous combustion occurs more quickly when the cotton is soaked with its own weight of oil. Banger is involved in patent 'driers,' from leakage into sawdust, &c.; oily waste of any kind, or waste cloths of silk or cot ton, saturated with oil, varnish or turpentine, also linseed-oil drippings into a sponge ; glycerine or oil of any kind leaking into sawdust; bituminous coat in large heaps of pit coal, hastened by wet, and especially when pyrites are present in the coal— the larger, the greater the liability. Oil on flour, or water on flour, is productive of spontane ous combustion. In fact, all organic structures, being largely composed of carbon and hydrogen, are readily excited, becanse of the affinity of the hydrogen for oxygen. 