-A REALISTIC STORY OF?, . I-:--? A-NE --Z D- ~ FE T -E ETRY-E-?L7 1F1ovcht3t, [cot' rat: Hni.] Fernbrook's Double. A Romance.of Maoriland. By Atha Westbury. AInthor ,f " Aflworicks and Pa'kchas," " I'shlahk,," " ' Apara," " On the IJ'ari/kalo," " Ad the ange;r," " The EIauri kAig,;" &C;, &wc.; \--· +--*-- I'1RO LOC U. THllS ItINING .SClOONi.R. on the evcning of the 10th D.ceellber, .LS-, the "LDurlamn Castle" mlerclliant iean, 2000 tons register, lay like a lihuge log upon the waters. In the breathless stillness of. a tropical afterlrlnoon, the air was ihot and heavy, and the sky brazen and cloudless. There was not a puir of wind tol rlll. the surf.iac of the ocean, upon which the ship ro?se and fell with the monottotny of a cluckL's p)ndu luna. The sun ha I just got low enoughll toi peepl beLLLath ith awninag tllilhat covered lthe poop ulc?k, auntl splread its rays atlhwart. thll li._ure of a mlall asleep on the cabihn hky light. S.vro for the ianu at the wheel, and another at the qularteLr railing, thela sleeer was alonel on the deck. -n ,leo aIbsence of a breeze the ship rolled uand lurched on the heavil"g sea. her idle sail: flapping against. the lIlist with a iregIlar recurring 1noise, and her bo?wsprit irose higher \ith tlhe swell of the waterr'.:ly to dip agaati the next lmomani t with a j,:k that maInde eacl rlope tremible aund t;lu!te. The Durhana (Castle haid ?ouen sixty five days out from the Lallad's En:d, anld was fast approaching her destination, whenl a dead, sleepy calalU eanvirolled the vessvl as if llhe had entered thie lDead Sea. Tlhe allppearance of tlhe ship, differed in ano wise frolu that of an ordinary liner, exceplit -perlha3 tlihat she carried a' mllre than ordinlary colmpllecment of pal:ssengers. Tlhe itltense heat had driven tllcse below, somle to indulge in cards snd oitlhergaames, soale to read, and the remlainider tao sleept -like the mana reposing* oau the cabin skylight. IJy and by, as the sain sunk lower doiwn ona the vast area of gialdea lazure, this lpersonage awoke. Stretchianrg himself after the mlanncr of a iloandeius ape, lie threw aa quick glance upward at the flapping sails, and then called out in a loud voice " For'ard there P' "'Aye, aye capt'n," replied the maln forward. "Pnas the word for Mr .Tones," lie cried, then r;sing and advancing towards tllih binnaacle. : " No sign of a change yct, Becnson," he exclaimed. "None' whatever, Captain." reslponlded the manu at the whCel. `' There isnl't as .nuchlwind as wrould fill a paper bal loon." IMr Jones, the clhie oflicer of the Dur ham Castlce, a bandy-legged,- lig bearded, gruff-coiced son of Neptune, waddled on deck, and drew near his superior- Cap tain Jepp Bowlnan. " Reef the topsails, and haul fast the foresheet ai.d jib, M?r Jones," said the skiliper. We may as well make every thing snug for the night. The coUmmotion overhead roused the attention of the passengers, who flocked on deck to watch, and some to help the :rew in taking in sail. IMany were here who cast anxious. glaices over the bro;ad expanse of waters in search of the first -glimpse of that new land, which for the future was to be their hoine. Others there were, and of these not a feow, whoi were returning home again from a visit to that older and former home. The colo nist, the emigrant, the needy, and tile well- to-do, all crowded together to watcha the sun go down into the vast sea in all dais glory of crimson and goldl T Howr many days before we reacih port, captain 1" asks a tadl, burly sheep farmer, retiurning to his station on the Pate`a, from a trip to Scotland. ' Well, I reckon if we have no better wind than we've had lately, we shall reach Auckland about Tib's Eve, which, by the way, is neither before or 'after Christ: omas," rctilidl the i nieipr, lauglling. " Oh, but I trust to eat my Clhristaaas : dlinner at Glenbock with the Missus and w:,eans," replied the fariner. . 1 hope so,"; rejoined Captain Bow -man ; '" a Caat'spaw willwaft.us ainto part, if we can only get it."': " Then we are near land I" "Very near. According to my cahca lation the Great Barrier is not a hundred knots:datant. I expect to sight its peak every hour." 'The news soon spread, and when the I dinner bell ranlg there assembled a ~g:'ad- i EoUme :Irra oLf fices ill tlue saloon0 and tilh fore l,.rt of the ship to congratulate each cr=e? that the end of the long and tedious , voyage 'wau drawing lear. D.irktIIns ca:n. apace ai ith luo.st of stars, whic!l were mlirrord onil the bosoml of the glassyc se:, like unto so s wle wonder'ul Iar lltudh(dd with ,iamoadI.il Oa i he!k tt h. i l:s?ger.e , aro stl:ding in knots, laugh " iot, night. " bTys one of theso--a I w"ll-ta ie, soiillly-oo tilng old gentle-id mail, itrildigiiip to the captain, ladt jeiue - ig i plttace it that t of t skilpper. " so i gns of a ??e':ch yet, though, l? lw rlurovlkillg '" lust thien, front ote of tlhei violet haze "sotallt,!"cxelimted tthe colonelr.; "didre yoltulse ihl,?" i t t cplain ill, msl rubbed his eyeb s "I Eaw it distinctly-at Iurtls of lightr." sof liutlli hut lik tat befo: ditlnter, Tit ere ust bois thnderc in the air," responded the captain, .passilng into his cabin for his Ere tle atlipper toeturned, a thib streak of light shut np for an instaut, then .ank again. The c.t-paitn had seen it. llac ing his glasses in the direction, lie looked lonlg :nd earlcully. "'?Ilsat is it, sir?" interrogated the colonel. ''1 can ihardly lntake it out," repllied the captain, still lotking inltently thrcngh his glass. '" T'.ere seeits ito rest a tiny blick clloud oil tlhe extrele t ndc of thle estern lloiizoii.; aind if it was not for the criin sonl sky I should say thlere was llmtne with the cloud." " Whlt I A Iire ?" "-Aye!' " An hour later onoe sirultaneous ex clatoation burst frilill all the watchers on f deck. Fronl out the gloom there rose a , •coluhnn of flatle that lightedl up the nigit Tfr the 'space tof two secolndls, and thouen fell. leaving a dlull red spark upon the water. " It is a t ship on lire, gentlemen!i " cried I the captain, and in the sante breath anll order was given to lower a boat. The long boat was in tile water in i I few miliutes, and Mr Jones stood by the gangway awaiting fuitller orders from i his chief. t "Site does not appellar a very large shllil," responded tile captailn, in answer to "a questiollI pt by somne one near. "A fore-and-aft scililner, I should Fay, I by the cut of tier ; but site is a Iiong way I tolceward, a good ten miles or Itiore, Mr 1 itlnesi."' " Aye, aye, sir." " Put a keg of water and a flask of t brandy aboard ; thou call tile wetch." "I',P,,r devils; they will be roasted like eltestnults," nluttered the colonel, as t the glowt" in thle sky becamne morg and more initense. t "~ They've got their ownr l hoats," says I (,iptailt IiUwmilltt, coolly; and you mnay be certaint they will mlake use of thleo. i in the uleautimne I'll slholw them that tihereo sone 1111one Iar. Tllere, they'll I ace tlat, lie added, as.a rockeit rose up- I ward with its gihatly 1latne in the air. " iMr Jntes, ltali the long boat with six IIien. You !tIay take a voluntcer or two fltrom- anyl of tihooe geutlemlnll willing to ] go with you." lit a tllUlmnllt a score proffered their cervie,.s, but, onliy a relay for the six oars were selected, anid the boat ptislted oill intl the daltrkness. ITh sea? l al:c:ared oil rather tliuh water. I-Huge fon:iilecss billows rolled onward without at slunniiil-tay, the very stillness of the air scenlted emptied of sounld, save for the dip "if the iars, whlicll was re clhued in space 1by asuIICossiolu of strange imlpressions like voices. Thte elln pulled witl it will. As the blades struck the dark elemient it flashed tire, and. the track of the boat resemnbled a sea snake writhing tlhrough a lake of silver. \- Give way, lads!" urges the Inate wiLth a cheery voice, and tile roweFrs, witlh set teetil.and clmllpressed lips, propul the little vestsel along with the speed of a steaml yacht. By and by they are in a cloud of snioke which lhantgs over the crilllsolled waters, and the order is given to one orl a little. The burning ship is close at lianaId now. Mr Jones wonders that no.boats have been ?met wilth. Itais illg Iis voice lie bids Ilis exhausted crew lay on thlir oars ; then Itoe ails the burn ilng vessel. She is a lhuge, clulmsily biuilt schooner, with great breadth of beatm. Though tlle tire Ithad only beeni seen but an Ihour or two ago by tllose on thle Durhamn Castle, tihe craft was already a wreck, anld ap i'parCd colnplotely deserted. Amnidshilps aId thle lower deck was one mass of tlame. Her plorts presented great charred rifts and gaps, whlere the red hot fire glowed ais through thle bars of a gigantic furnace. Tile masts had gone by the board, and trailed a blackened wreck in the water. The flatues still roared like a cataract, iamidst hlluge volumles of amoke, wlicih rolled away like acloud over the sea. Tile mate pulled slowly rotund the stern, and hilled the deck ugtin anld again. Still there was no atnswer, though the flood of light that dyed the water struck out every spar and rope as distinct and clear as noon-day. " W'hat is ler name, men ? Can you see!" roared the mate through his hands. as tile boat drew nearer. One of the men in tile bow stood up, atld slhading hIis eyes with his hands, called out "It is the 'Seagull,' sir I" "Tlle Seagull ? From where?" "Sydney, New South Wales l" again cried the bowman, amid the roar of flames. "LThat will do. Back water men. Round with her. Thlero is not a living soul here," cried the oflicer, and he gave the order to-pull back to the shlip. Mr Jotnes was mistaken though. Tlhroigh the glooel, and shrouded in the cloud of tllick sluoke, two inen lay to in a boet. The oars were it their Iland; but they did not use lthen. :WVithl strain ing eyes these two personages watched thlle mnovyrelents of nMr Jones and his couil rlohnilns with all absorbing interest. One whlen tl mante passed neart on his return, one of tilhel pit out his hand as if tocall out, but the other with a quick move ment, seizied hiln by. the thlroat, andimut tered, in a smothered angry tone, "fool! would yol betra us ?" .He held him dotwn until the bthers had passed by, and left the lurid mass but a red speckin thoe distance. When day: broke, and theu Durham Castle appearedt but a speck upon the vast surfac ?'f witer, E's"e- two solitary men hoisted an old tattered vail they had with theim in the boat, and sailed away froms the charred wreck of the ill-fated schooner,;- steering a course almost duoe west. CIt' rTERi I. No slpot in the whole Siuthrulln IIcmis pl!tu c:ui ,easte such a rugged and im posing coast line Ias Now %eaiandi. On its most nor'hr.-,, ledge towers the Great lirrier Rock-the lirst ouint on which thle ocesan tossed mariner retis his weary ey-th, fira:, l.and, seen, when bearing tiup for Mariland. ,A atranige land this. !oiig its shiorci4 lthe visimoi encounters huge and mystic shapes at every turn of the as a wall. IIere, theo Co,.lssus of Rhodles ; there a pouderus Sphinx, ris ing sheer above its fellows, and whoso base has beeCu lapped by the re?tless waves for ai thiousand years. Truly, a strange country is tllis of To waite, tI lI'ilaori, ald the siost mystic and awe-ispiring splot of all is that of the Barrier iockl. Save the ]Fire lMountain of Tongnigora, it is tlhe granldlest and also the highest point ill New Zealand.: It is a gigantic mount, asLargo as lare Gibralt:r, and equally ringed ill by the sea, except at the wCesteri ncud, Che:.'e Ithere( is u nitr row strip of kau: i forest, whllich links it with tile mnainlllind. Viewed front the ssa the Barrier pro seitls tile pllplearnlllse of an sexact cone up to within lity yuards of its top. There the sloping ends. lBeyond it is treeless, and as bare and bald as the crown of a friar; otherwise the sides of the giant guardian of Maorilatnd are densely wooded to thle waters edge. Singular indeed, betimnes, is the tree less summit. Seamied and scarred, its surface is mottled with a dark ,daze, which, during the sunlight, and even. unsdar the mellower beams of the moon, gives forth a coruscation, as if the lights were raflected frolm scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chlsasms, are everywhere around it, and tile strange glow is over all. No northern painter in, prinmeval day ever dreamed of formss so mighty, so grotesque, as seems to look down upon you fromu the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imlagillation to people those heights and depths with a race of Titans, to cotn jure up the sculptor at his work, rude though it may be, after all the countless ages that have passed. On the southern side of thle Barrier, and within a mile of that narrow neck of earth which joined the great rock to the mainland, stood a large and solidly built manlsion. Its position was a blroad, slop ing ridge, which ran parallel with tile base of the mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural style of this' building was allmost as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to the opening of this story, Colonel l-arry Fern:broolk-a handsome, dashing splendtfhrift, who had run through a large fortune il London, sold his commlllllission, and with the noIley emsigrated to New Zealand and purchased the Barrier liek and its adjaeelnt land from old To lluri, the Maori chiieftli,, and thlere madoe his future homeo. The cohonel, who was a l:bachelor, had not beenl settled twelve months at the Rlcek ere Ise fell ill love, and married lMyra Ililton, a Mauri half-east girl of great beauty, and heiress to ilulense wealth. Olio sonl onlly was the issue of this ltar riage-lilton Fernbriook. The boy was sixteen years old when lhe lost his parents by a boating acecident ,If the Barrier during a squall, and the diuty of the "youth's porsnil:l welfare devolved upon l?ita, a tall silent Maori womanl who had been Mrs Ferunbrook's nurse aind chief doimestic. A bold, wveird looking landscapo is this around the Barrier Rock,. with its glisten. ing pitla:cles, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with thell setting suit full upon thet,, and lighlting up many a gloouny dell below. hlero where the suill glinted upon the face of the cliff anll iris might be seen shiinng anlidst the fleece-like vapor. But rare was the eye that beheld this beauti ful phenomlenon, for the place had theu reputation of being haunted. Few there are in our day who believe in ghosts. This go-a:-headl era of telelpholes and telegraphl s has grown out of all that. W\Ve have become too matter-of-fact and prac tical for such humbug. " Nevertheless, he teas a bold fellow who would venture ,alone into the dim and'dismal region of that ravine, and not feel the influence of the pIlac upon hIis nerves. It was evident somen dsring mortal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral colhnn of smoke could be seen ascending frolm the lhaunted depths of the ravine upward to where a kind of stairway was'traced, formed of creepers, the outstanding stems servitng as stops. It was only by standing upon the very outer ledge above, and parting the foliage th'it screened it that thle smbke could. e acen; and if only superficially, observed, it mighit easily have been mistaken.for a strittg waif of the fog. that floated above the waterfall near which it roise. Closely scrutinised, ,however, its blue color and soft filmy haze rendered it recognilsablo as the smoke of a wood fire, and one that mutllst have been made by some Ihulian hands. Urider the branches of a' large kauri standing by the edge of the ,lagoon a canoe of rudo construction was moored by'a twisted piece of supplejack attached to the tree. Nor was this tihe only indi cation of tlhe presence of man. 'Olose under the cliff, and near where the tor rent came tumbling down from thle rocks stood a kauri pine of enormous dimes sions.' Its -buttressed trunk covered a surface of more.than- forty feet in di ametir, and thle top rose- nearly to the' brow-of- the cliff,, with a thick foliage upon it which completely shut out the views overlheid. '" , enteathl iti itoo6d -a whare, or Maori lhut, constructed of flax thongs and rullshes, with a door opening out to tit6 palth up the rock. Fowv,- and simple indeed were the articles'of furni turoin this primitive abode. A couch Snlade from two poles interlaced withl dried fl'su and fern thereoi, formed'a bed, a sheet of bh?rk placed upon four stakesjfor a table, and a kauri log for a seat.. Save an old tin.kettle and one or two utensils, tleretwas nothing else in' the estnablish menit in the way of -goods and chattels. Against the walls hung a variety of aingu -lar objects.- Thle :sull an~d tuski-of.a savage btiar, enormious bats, with limaii like faces, ugly snakes, strings of teeth and beads, and quaint images carved in wood. - " Squatting by the door of thd hiMllre wna r a Daori smokinga black, short clay.liipc~. He" was of gigantic proportiond, :lnd? friglhifatly tattooed over every)- part of his face. Bea ween iris broad shunlders was set a Lul-like head al'nst' :ckhl" s. This personage was elvidently- watch--ilng and waiting for the appearance of soume one expected by way of the clilf, foriat the slightest sound hle would crane hlimself and listen intently. i At such. times his back was: lbent like a bow, preseiiting a great hlinch, partlythi effect of advanced "age, uand partly front natural mnalfor snation. The Maori's costume was in keeping with his abode. A short.thick tamlba (clmak) 'of mici-a, jack boots, muchi worn, together with ai blanket formed iit,, ai toga (coat), completed hlis costume. At his hand stood a double-lbarrelled gun, with a shot bit- ,aiuofactured from the skin of some wild animal. Whoever tlhe individual m-ight be for whomi the old Maori iatchecd and waited, did inot, appear to liurry, for the sun be gait to dip into the sea away beyond the Tonga Reef evret lio expected piersonago made lis apucearance. ', In the fast depenienig twilight the form of a man allppeared at the apex of thelcliftl who gave a peculiar cry, in imitation of the tollh. The Maori below inmeiliately. esre.g, to his feet at tlhe sound, andbegsia clini, g uh tloFeffiie of the jaggedroes witllh astonl'isinig rapidity. The lagoon, reached, he tifastced the canoe from its mooi. es", ansd ,paddlmd aroes to; where thln miani torid for whoim hi" iia.l been . waiting. Tier' was ju?t light sutlicient to see thlit this latter porsonlage was a little hardy-looking young man, and with a form as lithe and suplploe as an ce!. ITis face, though. bearing no particular indi cations of imanlly beauty, denloted both darinig and cunning in a, remarkable de gree, otherwise there was nothliini to mark the llanl from any ordinary ilcrtal, ex. ceplt whell h opened his mouth ; then one felt a disagreeable sensation, as may be felt at the growl of a pantlier orttho croak of a ralveni. In a very short time the pair recrossed the lagoon and descended the cliff.. Not a word passed between themis till, they reached thel hut. There the Pakeha (white ullan) threw himself uipon! the rude couch, iid emitted a long whistle of relief. ' So this is the Great Barrier, is it ?" hlie cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. " I guess i've seen some few places on this globe besides New Zea land, but hang ine as ligh as Captain Blragg if ever I saw anything to compare with this. There isil't a 'level yard of Lterru firmu? oil the entire rock. If one wants to go over the way to visit one's iieiglibouir, although there are no neigh bours hereabouts that I cansee, you can't do it und,'r live or six miles climbing. F'augh ! give inc a noitch, Bosco." The huge Maori grinned, -tnd at the same time handed his white companion a curiousl- e trved box containiing vestas. " N.,-i old fellow, I'gi going to rest here for hailf an honur." c. ntinled il tie littl,. r:ur. 1i:gting a cigar, and h-tanding, allOo:et a.: his citjiniialn. t" hi the in teri : i -ailt you to saea tha t rho 'ear is put ir, '. !e boat aidl :-iady ti ake a stlrt." ": W!at, to-night ?" eui.:1.. the Maari. "To.night, Bosco! Thue lisomn 'ill be u ill all hour. W\re will sail when there's light cloughl, if you pica-e." The hlerculean savage gave a grunt pe culiar to the Maori r.lce,'lit his cigar, aind left the hIt. Thei other sat and smoked in silence fur some time. until his i thoughtlls fould vent in iudi iblo mutter inlogs. ' Jgad I this is going the ticket, and no mistaeke," lie cried, taking the cigar from his lips and apostrophising the curling smoke above his head. " Hero aim 1, Timlothy Sharpe, alias the Ferret, and valet-do- sham to his greatness MIr Milton ,Fernbrook, lord of the Barrier Rock. Hero asi I, ambassador, courier, mess?enugr, forerunner, and what not, to herald tie approach of my boss-master, I meani-to this his house,- after an ab sence of live years spent in Engluand, and on the contineht of Europe. Ha! ha ! Iha ! it's rare fun to be a gentleman, and to do the grand tour as the boss and I have done for those years past. Ho ! ho ! heo I" An.d the idea so tickled the risible muscles of the' little man thiat lie rolled over the bunk in a lit of uncontrollable nmerriment. "Well, well,-I've done my mlissin hiere satisfactorily ::t any rate " when he liad recovered hit;tself. "' One trumnp card, played, whichi will go far to will tie game if properly followed up." "Now,let imei glance once more over iny instructions to make sure 1 have imissed nothing. First to give Bosco, tie MIari, half a dozen lines scribbled in some out landishi fmaslion that olh Nick himself coulld niot read. The savwgo read it though, aud deuced glad and pleased lihe scenmed after it too. lIe placed himself at once cutirely at my disposal, and put the missive away in his dirty blanket as if it hald been the Kohinoor. Second received at thie house-wlhen I got there, that is, whlich took a terrible time, And devilish tired lifolt, too, scraping iny shins against the sharp, steep rocks-re ceived at tlhe house with open arms, and especially by that tall, dark old she cat Ritab, thfe housekeeper. WhVlt an eye she lhas, and whlat long claws for scraleling. HIIumph! Ferret, you rascal, beware of tllhat M?Iori devil in petticoats. How lier withered face lighted up w'len I told hier that M?iaster Hilton was coming home. Ah, well! if the llace doesn't suit you, Timothly Slharpo, you cin, give notice. Ha I iha! lha 1 Lastly, I am not to delay nly return; very well, Master Hilton Fernbrook. Tie wind is fair for our aixty mile journey, and I'm glad it is so, for an open fishing boat is not the most safe and comfortable conveyance on the coast, of New Zealand on a-dark night, anidwith a chopping sea on. Eintre nous, Ferret, if the wind holds tihe Master of Fernbrcok shall see thie face of his humble servant eroe to-morrow's lawn." "'Who's., there ":: The harsh voice croaked out tlhe latter exclamation tierce. lyi and at thle saum insatant a revolvirwas4 pulled forth .from -the breast uf his buti toned up coat............. "Ba li I''s iionly Bosco returniing," lie ciied, fter an intene pause. " This in fernli den ot pcaks and chasms would un nerve the devil hinlmself." - Ieo had only timne to replace the weapon in hiis coat when tlhe.hal'ori re-entered the chare. . . , ' Wvell, the bd t is ieady I ." " Come tlsBto lead the way Bosco,' cried 1ts' othe?r, risinig, and. lighting a fresh. cigar. "v m' mster gave me positive ordesa . to be baick at Pakenhina by to-morrow moirning ;i- i -'ui b tiardi;d. t'D' - 