MORE GHOST STORIES. THE DEAR DEPARTED. Spirits I Have Met. Tho Turkey Ooblin — Shadow Sketches — The Maori Princess— The Boarding-house Spook. (By M. Rule.) Often during my sojourn on this terrestial end antiquated globe have I met with per sona who havo had advonturea with tho spirits of the dear departed, but I think tho interview that amused me most was ono that happened to two old friends of mitio who were enjoying a visit to a relative in that sultry and snake- infested quarter of Now South Wales known as Tho Bland. This delightful plaeo i3 somewhere near Young, and to reach it from Sydney necessi tates ubout three or four days' travelling. Mies Millie and Miss Gcrtio Marston (the two friends of whom 1 write) arrived at their destination in good order and con dition (vide waybill), aud were given tho best room in the house. After making themselves thoroughly at homo llio two girls sallied forth into the paddooks and enjoyed themselves to their heart's content, returning home about 0 o'clock with chocks which put to shamo tho peaches that hung on tho trees near the door. Aunt Mary had been busying horsulf preparing tho tea ; and, advancing with a cheery smilo on her jolly face, sho grcotcd them with : " Come inside, my girls, I'm sure you must bo hungry." "Not a bit, aunty. I've qnito lost my appetite," replied Millie, tho cldor girl, sarcastically. " I've lose mine, too," interposod Gertie, laughing ; " but I've found a horse's." " Well, come inBide and seo if oating wiil euro it," said tho old lady ; and, as she Rpoko, she led tho way into the house, fol lowed by tho two girls. Arrived inside thoy beheld tho table laden with the wholesomo ealablos to bo found on a farm — oggs, milk, butter, &ot;, in abundance, besidos home made bread and scones, whioh, to their city palates, woro very welcome, and to whioh they did not fail to do full justice, Gertie fully _ justifying her remark that sho had found an equine'e appetite. After lea tho neighbors began to drop in in a casual sort of way, "just to pay their respects to Maginnie," until at about 8 o'clock there was a goodly muster of "all sorts tind conditions of men"— and woinon and children, too, for that matter. The concertina, or bush piano, is to bo found in every hut or humpy in Australia, I beiiovb, and this placo was no exception ; so Jaok Norton, one of tho boundary riders, in' a pair of corduroys and a brand new shave, invited the company to "select your partners, gentlemen," an invitation that met with a general and hearty response. Tho ..merry party footed it with the old scythe-bearer very gaily till about 3 a.m., whou tiie former had much the better of tho baltlo, the latter being clean knocked out ; in fact, tho dancers fairly " killed time;" General " good-nights" followed, and the two girls retired to their rooms fairly tired out and thoroughly prepared for a good sleep. After being in bed for about fifteen minutes a tap, tap, tap was hoard, followed at inter vals of about five minutes by another tap, tap, tap, the noise effectually banishing sleep from the girls' eyes. At the first sound Gertie and Millio clung to each other, and in whispers discussed tho why and whore- foro of the strange noise, bnt ench solution of tho problem was rejectod alter a very brief discussion. The girls had no matches, and were afraid to get out of bed, foariug it might be a Bnake, and dreading lest they might chance to step- on ir. However, Morpheus conquered at last, and tho two girls, locked in each other's arms, dropped off into a peaceful slumber just before day light, and Blept for four or fivo hours. Thinking they had been unnecessarily alarmed they Baid not a word about tho afiair of tho early morning. When the night camre round again, however, and they wero about to retire, woman-like, tiioy glanced under the bed, and aeoing nothing moro formidable than what appeared to bo a box with a few rags in it "doused tho glim," aud jumpod into bed. When just about to doze off tho tap, tap, tap, begun again, and, after being repeated a few times, there came from under tho bed a shuffling, scraping aort of Bound. This was too much for tho already overstrung nerves of the girls, und, without moro ado, there arose a scream that roused tho wholo household, mid Gertie and Millie rushed out of tho room en deshabille. The old undo was a man of few words and very deliberate actions. Ho also was under the impression that no ghost ever invented could gee tho beat of him in a fair "go." So taking downhisold blunderbuss 1m sullied forth in search of ghosts and things, ail tho time muttering dire threata of what he'd do if he caught any ghosts fooling around his place. Tho whole household followed with candlas, axes, pokers, and other warliko implements. Tho room was thoroughly acarchou, and the invaders wero just beginning to think tho onomy had escaped, when someone thought of pulling out the box of rags from under the bed. It was brought forth into tho light, and tho ghost wns found sitting on somo eggs of her own laying. Yos, the old turkey had been the unconscious cause of all the trouble. When tho mystery was explained tho laugh ter nearly lifted tho roof off. Millie and Gertie havo since resolved never to be lieve in ghosts again. Another spirit yarn, whioh I thought at the time required a deal of explanation, happened to a friond of miiio named Curry, living in Pnddington. Ono night, shortly after getting to bed, as ho lay awake waiting for his room mate to arrivo home, he saw a man (as ho thought) como into tho room through the balcony door, whioh was open, and pass out tho bedroom door, whioh was abut. Thinking it waa his fellow- lodget ho called to him, but could get no response ; and he then set himself tho task ot solving the problem. In tho midst of his meditation hiB mato came homo, so Curry asked hint had lie beeu in the rnom before, to which the other answered in tho negative Curry then related his experience, but neithcrof the pair seemed to solve thepuzzlc. At last Curry managed to light on tho solution in a very Bimplo manner. The street in whioh Curry's lodgings wero situated was a very elevated thoroughfare, and running in an oblique direction, but considerably lower wob another street, tho happy possessor cf a gas lamp. The shadow of a man passing along the former street was thrown through tho balcony door, and, pass ing along the wall, appoarcd to go through tho room and pass out the othor door. Curry enjoyed a hearty lauglt at his own expense. About thirteen yearo ago I had the luck to have an adventure with a real live ghost. 1 wos about 1G years of age at Bhat time, and ono day a week my duties commenced at 1 a.m. After tumbling out of my hot bed I proceoded to the residence of the two boys who, with myself, comprised the juvonilo portion of the establishment. Having aroused my mates wo proceeded together to tho residence of odr " boss," who had instructed us to givo him a call. That little job over our steps led us to the workshop, conversation on tho way down being, principally, concerning an old Maori chief who had just died, and whoso wife, wo had reason to bolicve, had gone mad. Tho oldest lad of tho three — nicknamed " Stumpy" — had expressed a desire to come across tho old Maori princess, who ho had heard was going round cnvolopcd in a shoot, to personify tho departed chief's ghost. We had not gone very far before wo heard footsteps bohinil ub ; and, looking around, (there, sure enough, wee tho ghost. Wo took leg-ball, and as wo ran along i 1 " Stumpy," to savo himself, put his foot out to tr.ip me, aud in doing so foil. Before ho could regain his feet tho ghost was on him, and gavo him such a belaboring with a stick which sho had concealed under tho sheet that I doft'c think Do will ever forget it. Tho ghost afterwards tackled a policemen, but with the assistance of a night watchman and another constable eho was "run in." She soon got over her inadnosi, which was duo to over-drinking. It doos not ofton happen that a man gets a knock-out blow from uis own shadow, but such a thing did happon to a German, or German Joe as we used to call him. Having a fow beers aboard ho was in tho act of leaving the kitchen, whon, to his horror, he saw what ho took to be an enemy on the whitewashed wall just in front of him. Without making certain that the object (?) in front of him was a man the infuriated German lauded a terrific blow at tho shadow. Ho struck tbe sub stance, with tiin result that tbe skin left his knuckles, and Btieklng- plaster had to take its place. The famous " Kiama Ghost" had a worthy successor a few months ago. Ono stormy night a resident of that lacteal township had occasion to go into the yard for somo purpose or other, and seeing what ho sup posed to be a ghost in the corner ho groped his way towards it. SVhen ho touched it tho unitnal (for it was an old white horso that had somehow got in) landed him a kick that luckily did not catch him with full force. I remember hearing (or reading) a very good ghost story that happened eomewhore in Now Zealand. A man named Jackson had been living in a rather pretentious house whieh ho utilised ns a boardinghouse, nnd'ono of tho boarders having committed suicide, ho (Jackson) thought this would ho a good opportunity to buy tho house. Accordingly, strange noiaes began to bo heard by the other boarders, with the re- solt that it was soon doacrted by all except the proprietor. The latter soon retired from tho domicile, but stiil the noises continued, varied occasionally by the sight of a figure clothed in a shroud and bearing a lighted candle. This continued for somo time, till ono night a crowd gathered round, and someono moro during than tho rest throw a piece of blue motel. This cxamplo was followed by others, and after tho fusilado had ceased, and the windows wero nil broken, a party of fivo or Bix ventured inside, when they iound tho ghost laid out with his skull fraotured. Ho afterwards confessed that hie intention wob to deteriorate the value of tho property and then purchase it. Ho exprcssad himself willing to leave tho spirit trade alono in future. 