A READER'S GLEANINGS. There are no laws by which we can write lliadi.- Buskin. Sins may be forgiven through repentance, bnt no act of wit will ever iuctifv them. — Sherlock. Passions are likened lest to floods and streams ; the shallow murmur, but the deep are dumb. — Baleigh. I am tempted to think that to be despised by her sex is a very great compliment to a woman. — Thackeray. , Devouring time and envious uge, all things yield to you; and with lingering death you destroy, step by step, with venomed tooth whatever you attack.— Ovid. We have two lives ; the soul of man is like the rolling world, one half in day, the other dipt in night ; the one has music and the flj ing cloud, the other silence and the wakeful stars. — Alexander Smith. Mozart's Musical Influence. — Mozart's iniluence upon music has been enormous— extending (argues Mr. Frederick J. Croivest in an admirable " Estimate of Mozart" contributed to JUaektcood's Magazine) not only to musicians t hemselves, bnt to the forms and instruments of. the art. Many of Haydn's greatest scores would never have been formulated but for Mozart, from whom Haydn borrowed the sympathetic element — that spiritual side of music which arouses the finest qualities in the human breast — and incor- S orated it into his later works. Beethoven took Cozart as his model, and the early works of the giant symphonist afford amp'e proof cf this ; while Mendelssohn is a composer whose works show not only frequent traces of .Mozart's iniluence, but often times possess something more of striking resemblance in phrase and diction. The school of pianoforte- playing initiated by Mozart, and which was charac terised by its evenly balanced grace and pointed elegance, formed ihe basis for dementi's great piano forte " school " — a method involving fur greater executive skill, but designed largely upon Mozart's model style. To revert to Beethoven, one of the first real events in his life was his meeting Mozart in Vienna (1787) — an interview which Beethoven scarcely appreciated, although it led to Mozart's prophetic words — " Pay attention to the hoy ; he will some day make a noise in the world." Mozart gave Beethoven a few lessons on the harpischord ; but, greatest gift of all, lie supplied hi in with t he basis for all his great scores — the perfected forms which Mozart had found in raw confusion. Out of the great ness of his genius a phrase or movement became under Beethoven a great musical "organism " ; but it must be allowed that the broad principles of Mozart's formulated system always remained, and were adhered to, if largely affected" in detail. Thus the great masters themselves stand largely indebted to Mozart. "To liiDUi.oi;." — Words have their derivations and their first, meanings. Presently it happens to some of them that their first meanings and derivations are altogether lost. These curious things happen to these words. For instance, in a certain action lately tried before the High Court, of Justice, a witness swore that she did not- " habitually indulge in swearing and foul language." To indulge in doing a thing means to allow yourself to do something which is pleasant and desirable. When a man is said to indulge in drink, it is implied that drinking a' tracts by its pleasantness. Or when be indulges in king hours of sleep, it is understood that, sleep is pleasant. But swearing and foul language— how can they be allowed, even by the hardest, swearers, to be pleasant or attractive at nil? Wrath, indignation, sarcasm, surprise, and even scorn, are sometimes expressed by " swear words but is anvone the happier for using them? Now this witness — or the examining counsel — did not mean tlx tt she liked bad language, but would not permit herself Prom conscientious or other scruples to use it. Not at all. She — or the ccunsel — meant simply that she did not make a practice of using bad language. The verb to indulge presents his compliments to the public, and humbly begs I hat his int aning may not be forgotten. While lie oiild not willi igly trespass on the domain of any other verb, he begs that his own may be respected. — Walter llcsa.nt. On Ghost Stories.— Most tellers of ghost stories blunder into baihos by insisting loo strongly on the truth of their narrative, and by giving too much information about, t he central figure of the tale. A ghost, is all the more impressive if he is a little irra tional as well us mysterious. It does not do to tell the reader all that might be conceived as happening if that ghost really existed. Thus, when O'Brien tells us of the horrible invisible tiling which descended on man's head one night- as he lay in bed, and tried to strangle liim, we are duly shocked, and feel our hair most, refreshingly stand on end. But when the author proceeds to tell us how the invisible assailant was finally mastered, lied up with bed cords, and madet.o stand in a comer of t he room (the cords remaining suspended in mid air without any apparent support) one's self-respect, is apt t.o take offence. . So when in that justly admired romance, "Mr. Isaacs" the super natural power of the Hindoo philosopher 11 tbles him to vanish and reappear at will, and this astonishing i faculty is very freely exercised, a disrespectful allu sion made by oue of t.lie characters to the Cheshire Cat. finds a ready echo in the inind of the reader. No ghost story or tale of the marvellous can be expected to bear a strain of that kind. It is precisely this quality of directness, of bald realism, which spoils what we may call ghost stories of real life, and prevents them from being of any use to the purveyor of ghost stories for Christmas numbers. These strange things that happened to " a friend of mine, a fel'ow in whom I have every confidence," are too crude. They have nothing in the way of atmosphere. They are very seldom striking, or in any way different from t he kind of story every reader is familiar with. Their one valuable point is their supposed reality ; and that is just the feature which is entirely unimportant from the artistic point of view. Occasionally, however, one does meet in these tales of private ghosts little bits of detail which lend a life- like vividness to the story, and take one captive, as it. were, unexpectedly by creating a momentary impression that, the narrative must be really true. Such curious fragments of ghostly lore are rarely to be met with ; but something of the kind is generally necessary to t.ho success of a ghost story. It follows that a good story of ghostland is seldom quite original. These lifelike touches, which produce the terrifying yet pleasing illusion, cannot easily bo invented in an age like the present ; so that if the modern tale writer wishes to make his spectres presentable he must borrow somet.li ing, if he can, from the fervent imaginings of an age when faith in such things was not. only possible but common. Oi'ERA'itng on A Tiger. — Dr. ITaughton, the Curator of the Dublin Zoological Society, discovered that one of the tigers was lame. Upon examining its »ws through the bars of the cage he found that a claw was growing inwards into the ball of the foot, causing the poor brute great agony whenever it tried to walk. The doctor determined to cut out the clj»w. Five keepers assisted him, three in front, of the cage and two behind. The tiger was lassooed and/ much against his will, tied down, the five keepers firmly holding the rope. The doctor then raised the bars, entered the cage, and began operating. But he had forgotten to guard himself against the tigress in the cngeadjoining. She managed to reach him with onepaw and knocked off his hat. The keepers, seeing this, took fright, let go the rope and fled, leaving the doctor at the mercy of his patient. The tiger jumped up and prepared to spring, but the doctor jumped through the raised bars, and pulled them down. Against them the tiger dashed, gnashing and foaming with fury. The doctor called the keepers together, and reprimanded them for their cowardice ; then he locked the doors, put the keys in his pocket, and said : " I intend to perform this operation whatever happens. You will fix the lassoo again, and if you let. go t Im rope this time, I enn escape and you will bo left » ii!i the tiger." The men behaved bravely, the t.x> in - some claw wils successfully removed, and was t- r- wards worn by the doctor as a scarf pin. From t.mit time, whenever the tiger heard its fnend's-foolstKii ; would throw it-ielf on its back, purr, roll alvmr. attract his attention, and would never be sati«fieii », he approached and recognised it. Payment hy .Reviews. — A general idea prevail., among the public that to write for the magazine;- i-< a sure and easy road to competence. As a mnti- r .if fact, the number of contributors to periniit-.il literature, not holding editorial appointments, who make £200 a year out of the magazines might pro bably be counted upon the lingers of one ban !. The best-paid contributions by the highest class reviews seldom exceed £1 a pug..- of 500 words. The. average review article does not yield its writer more t han £15. As there are not 10 men in England who contribute 10 articles each a year to mom lily miscellanies, tlm conclusion is obvious. Yet, the fl-w.nl of contributions rises ever higher. The late editor of The I'orum recently calculated that he received from outsiders 3000 MSS. per annum, out of which ie was n-ually able to use loss than one per rent -£ Wliaur's the harm," asked the Ettrick Sheph»-rd in Koctes, " o' a few gude, sober, steady, judicious, regular, well- informed, versateele, and biddable contributors ?" To this inquiry Christopher North replied None such are to be found on earth — you must, link for them in heaven." From which it would seem that the editorial burden bus changed lit tle in 50 years. Poetry,' in particular, is a drug m the market. In the same A Toctes Christopher Non.h said : " L seldom pay for poetry. In cases of churity nnd courtesy— that is to say old women and young ones — my terms are a shilling for a sonnet, a dollar for a dramatic scene, and for a single book of an epic, by way of a specimen, why, I do not grudge a sovereign." This is probably more than the epic poet of our day would get for all his books from any magazine editor. Many periodicals, likn bosnitals. are suDDorled entirely bv voluntary contributions. — WIT. Stead, in Chambers's Encyclo pmdim. t. 