A MODERN SAINT." This Is the Iife of a very notable woman.! For that reason we cannot help wishing, that it had boon written with greater reserve, in. rather more critical Bpirit, and with a finersensoof pro portion. Tho work might, wo should have said. have been fittingly handed over to' Mr., Stead, whoaympathiaeafully with tho "army, "but whoao literary feeling would have provchted the story of tho founder of a remarkable movement from taking at times a too domestic air. . Mr. Booth Tuoker docs not critioiso ; he adores. His. book is tho work. of tho pure disciple, the unquestion ing believer, and at times ono cannot help irreverently wishing that something had " sealed the lips of that evangelist." ' For instance, Mr. Booth-Tucker thinks it necessary to cbroniole tho early engagement of Mr. and Mrs.- Booth in tho following words : — " In the dim twilight of that summer day tho twin foundation stones were laid of a living temple more blessed and beautiful than that which crowned the summit of Morlah— a toraplo whoso, precious stones and costly timbers wore to be hown without hands in the depths of darkest fetishism, in the jungles of hopeless heathendom, and in the civilised and educated, but bowooponod and submerged mass of nihilism, socialism and despotism whioh calls itself Christianity— a templo which was to be finally fitted and framed into one harmonious, glorious, imperiebable whole, without sound of oxo or hammer, by the heavenly craftsmen as a part and parcel of the Now Jerusalem, and an eternal monument of tho wonder working baud of its divine Architect." Wo imagine that both Mr. . and Mrs. Booth attaolicd a somewhat slighter significance to an i. , 1 u UA4H' onronioies in somo charming letters, full of a certain naTvett, alt the more dolightful becauso of the purltanio shyness— wo had almost said austerity, but that is not quito 'tho right word — of that- strongly centred nature. "Ifind," sho writes, M that the pleasure connected with pure, holy sanotl ficd love forms no exception to tho general rule, and she goes on to talk prettily of the cares and pains of loving, This very humnn dis covery is emphasised in a charming letter written by her just after ' her marriage, and caused by her young husband's absence on ah ovangclising tour. Hero it ia "My Precious Husband,— A thousand thanks for your sweet letter. I havo read it over many, many times, and it Is still fresh audpreoious. to my heart. I cannot answer itj but no . assured hot a word is forgotten or overlooked. As soon ftP. y?u :wcr ont 'of sight, I felt &r; though I oould have performed the journey with far loee suffer ing then to stay behind. It was a supremely wrctolied day, and long before night I had mndo up my mind to como to you, siolc or well, on Wednesday. You say, 'Hut, Kate, how foolish! Why did you not tninit nnu reason r i mil, my darling ! I philosophised as soundly as you could dosire. I argued with myself on tho in justice of coming here and making my dear mother miBernblo by leaving her so soon — on the folly of making myself ill — on tho solfiBhnoss of wishing to burden you with the anxiety and care my presenoo would entail. But in tho very midst of such soliloquies, the fact of your being gone boyond my reach, the possibility of some thing happening before wo could moot again, tho possible shortness of tho time we may have to spend together, and such liko thoughts would start up, mnking rebellious naturo rise and swell and scorn all restraints of reason, philosophy or religion. The only comfort I could got was from tho thought that I could follow you if I liked. And binding this only balm tightly to my heart, managed to get a pretty good niglit'B rest. Re- mombcr mo always as your own faithful, loving, joyful little wife,— Oathkmne." If Mr. Booth-Tucker had given us n littlo moro of this human sido of his heroine, and a littlo less theology and unrestrnincd panogyrio, his took would have hod n larger social impor tance. However, wo take it that ho is writing nnflcnlv fnp iltn " ftvmw "fttifl for f.lintnnr. iion of tho religious world which is in complete sympathy with Mrs. Booth's career, and that wo must accept a certain stamp of what we should oall "particularism" as an inevitable part of his literary plan. On one point, however, he is tobe largely con gratulated. While his book perhaps does not do full justioo to Mrs. Booth's remarkable in tellectual strength, it completely clears her of tho myth of purposeloss sensationalism which has grown round her namo. So far from boing a sensationalist, Mrs. Booth striked us as a not" able example of a conservative in theology forced by the logio of a thoroughly sincoro nature into a now departure, hut withal tena cious of the old ground and distrustful of more heedless innovation. Nor is there a traoc of vulgarity or commonness of mind in any letter or disoourse of hers that these 900 odd pages contain. Mere middle class Hcutimon- taliam she always hated. " Givo up," she said, " the sentimental hypoorisy of singing — Rescue tho perishing Care for the dying, in the drnwingroom to tho accompaniment of tiio piano without ever dreaming to go outside to do it ;"and, sho added, in her pithy, severo way, " Sentimcntalism will have no resurrection; it will rot with tho grave clothes." What she saw clearly was. that Christianity had no hold on tho people ; that, as alio put it, " there was a great chasm betweon tho Church and the masses." What, therefore, was the man aud tho woman who <(moant business" to do? "You may," alio said, in her answer to the Bishop of Carlisle, 44 let them alone. You may leavo them tothe penny dreadful and the Police Gazetta for fclinir nnd the nubile house for. their sanctuary." This she did not choose to do; and not ohooBing to do it, she bent the whole foroc of hor grave Puritan naturo to aehieving what scorned the only important thing in life — tho rescuing of follow creatures from tho boil to whioh sho thought, if her read ing of tho Bible was correct, they were doomed. She felt like tho old divine who— . Preached as never suro to preach again, And as a dying man to dying men. Bat her own mothods wcro not truly extrava gant. Her discourses were grave, poignant, marked by a certain sombre oloqucncc, a note of strained, almost agonised, appeal, but never ooaraely sensational. In her defence of tho military terms used by the army — "barracks," " knee drill," " fire a volloy," &c.;, she laid stresB on their purely utilitarian significance : — "'Fix bayonets' is only another term for holding up the hand or showing ono's colors, and the novelty gives it an nttraotion whioh saying 'Holdup hands' would not' possess. By the bye, I think the power of novelty, or what Bishop Taylor calls the surprise power,5 is very muoh overlooked in estimating our measures. I think it is lluskin who fays ' that tho enormous influence' of novolty is not half enough taken note of by us,' which to him is a very sorrowful matter. ' Fire a volley.' This, again, is only another way of saying, 'Let all the peoplo say amen,' to which tho same argument applies. You seo wo are aiming at the rough, untutored, undisci plined multitude ; nnd we find as a matter of fact that the further we can kcop away from re- ligiouB phraseology and old fashioned modes tho bottor we can reach them and influence them." ' It is true that out of Mrs. Booth's severe conception of her task and that of her hus band grew suoh disciples as " Happy Eliza," in a sense the titular saint of the Salvation Army. "This girl," says Mr. Booth-Tucker, " the usual advertisements having failed to draw the erowd, marched through the town with streamers floating from her hair and jacket, and a placard noross her back, 'lam "Happy Eliza.'" It waBnofclong(addaMr. Booth- Tucker) before Happy Eliza's namo became a household word throughout England. To the roughs she was the very type and embodiment of tho Salvation Army spirit. Not a bonnoted girl soldier oould pass through the streets with out having tho name shouted after her. Musio hall ballads, by boing dedicated to her, ensured their popularity, Dolls nnd toys received her name, "while sweetmeats imprinted with the mogio title oommauded u ready sale among tho littlo street urchins, with whom 'a'aporth o' 'appy 'Lizas ' possessed an irresistible attrac tion." Did Mrs. Booth object? "We do not know that she did, or that sho shrank from tho eon- . sequences of tho " crusade for souls," which was tho ono fixed point of hor consistent and stronuouB life. But her personal contribution was that of a staid Methodist, hating Calvinism, spiritualism, universalism, perfectionism, Ply- month Brotlueniam and all suoh lieroslos, with an impartial aud unwavering hate, and simply gifted wiih moro tlmn a touch of genius, with a wonderful voice, with great powers of truly elo quent and persuasive spocoh, and with the stern enthueinsm which turns lifo into tho undivided pursuit of a single overmastering end. Mrs. Booth, a Methodise herself, came of a Mothodist stock. Her mother was a genuine dovotee, Btcrn enough to rejeofc a "worldly" lover, who straightway rode his horse from her door till it dropped and died, nnd then ended his days iu a madhouse. Her father wab a " local prcnohcr, " who resumed in later life the fervent piety of bis youth. Tho mother, how ever, was the formativo influonce. Religion, tho emotional religion of Methodism, was Mrs. Booth's meat and drink. Mrs. Miuntord — for that was her mothei's name— would allow, nono of hor daughters to read French on account of the Immoral sido of its literature. Mrs. Booth hersolf was no friond of what she called the crazo foreduoation." Public schools she hated ; her own children sho oxhorted in " reams of passionate epistlos " to hold moro book learning in contempt; she would bavo no oollegiato system attaohod to tho Salvation Army, and vjith all her genuino culture of mind and spirit sho denounoed an " educated ministry " with uncompromising fierceness " You talk, my darling girl, about Herbert becoming a mighty. Wan in God's Israel. Mightier youths than ho. Lavo fallen. Besides, where did he got the principles you havo Buch faith in ? Under his mothor's thumb and eye ; not at a school for littlo boys preparing for colioge, and whoro deception and lying nnd infidelity aro tho order of tho day — whero the lazy or overtaxed mis tress has no timo to ferret out sin, and expose and correct it, and weep over and pray with her poor little motherless charge, as you remember I used to do when any of you woro at fault i All, Katie, the tree is known by its fruits, and this deadly rage for education ruins tens of thousands. It is us rank as idolatry, as the worship of Baal, and God is as jealous of it, and as angry with it, and will have no moro to do with it ! Look at the ministry. It is an educated ministry ! rerhnps you say that they put it in tho placo of tho Spirit. TIiIb fact showB tho danger there is of doing this . It is well known in Methodism that hundreds of young men have gone into their colleges liko flames of Sfrc, soul winners / But they have gone to bo taught Latin and grammar, &c.;, and in numberless oases they como out tho dovil's charred stieks 1 How is this ? Doos it not look aB if thero were something autagoniBtio between learning and godliness?" But on other lines " the mother of tho Salva tion Army " was a distinot reformor. The "army " has after all been a woman's movement more than anything else, and Mrs. Booth was from the first an uncompromising "woman's intellectual inferiority of women, or where it existed sho traced it simply to Iaok of oppor tunity. She trained all her ohildren— girls as well as boyu — for the simple purpose of assisting in tho evangelising work which mndo up her abiding interest in lifo. And it would be diffi cult to say that this Spartan devotion of a whole family to publio service was not justified by results. Some of Mrs. Booth's daughters aro practically as remarkable as their mother, and perhaps they ato better fitted to interpret those moro genial sides of modern religion with which her striot Armininn theology did not allow her to sympathise. Indeed, Mrs. Booth's own youth strikes us aB a little hard and cold. You can seo the effect of tho complete absorption of the girl'B energies in the olnss meeting, the service, the revivalist campaign, the religious discussion, in tho perfectly equipped debater, the unweary ing enthusiast, the trained orator, wltose slight nervous frame bore up ng&inst; every physioal ill, until, aftor a lifo of suffering, tho sword woro out tho scabbard. Now and then, indeed, tho light of eostacy gleamod through the groy devotion of this woman's life, and we get suoh a confession aB this : — "When we got up from our knees I lay on tho sofn exhausted with tho exoitcment and effort of tho day. "William said, 4 Don't you lay alien the altar?' I replied, 'I am sure I do.' Thonhosaid, 4 And isu't the altar holy?' I re plied in the language of the Holy Ghost, 4 The altar is most holy, and whatsoever toucheth it is holy.' Then, said ho, 4 Aro you not holy ?' I replied with my heart full of emotion and with somo faith, 4 Oh, I think I am!' Immediately tho word was given ine to confirm my faith, 4 Now yon are clean through tho word whioh I havo spoken unto you. And 1 took Hold, truo with a trembling hand, and not unmolested by the tempter, but I held fast the beginning of my confidence, nnd it grew stronger, and from thnt.moment I have dared to reckon myself dead indeed unto sin, nnd alivb unto God through Jesus Christ my Lord." But Mrs. Booth did not often allow herself these tmnsportB ; she was no"Hnppy Eliza," and both before and after hor marriage iicr lifo was ono of ceaseless intellectual and moral effort. In many curious passages she expresses her horror of having a 44 wicked child." Her family were practically 44 commanded " to be good, and tho strong promptings of her firm naturo wero fully heeded. She had many personal triumphs — hugo rapt assemblies, weeping crowds, brutal ruffians subdued to silonce and sympathy — but they affoeted hor not ono jot, save to draw from her some fresh effort for her cause. And wo confess that her influence on her husband seems to havo been uniformly noble. Mr. Booth appears to havo hesitated somewhat beforo he made a final severance from the Methodist New Connexion, which had declined to give him scope for his revivalist work. Tho conference, at whioh husband and wife were both present, proposed a compromise, tying Mr. Booth down to a oirouit, with some little power of working outside it. 44 This was moro than Mrs. Booth could on- duro. She had been sitting at a point in tho gallery from which she and licr husband could interchange glances. It bad been with diffi culty that she had restrained her feelings hither to while listening to tho debate. But ,at this stage sho was overcomo with indignation. It was ono of thoso supremo moments when rules and regulations arc forgotten, and the heart out of its own fulnoss nets upon the promptings and inspiration of tho hour. Rising from her seat and bending over the gallory, Mrs. Booth's olear voice rang through tho conference, as sho said to hor husband, 4Nevor!' There wob a pause of bewilderment and dismay. Every eye was turned towards the speakor in tho gal lery. Tho idea of a woman daring to utter her' piotest, or to make her voice heard in tlic con ference, produced little short of consternation. It was a sublime sceno as, with flushed faoo and flashing eye, sho stood beforo that audionco. Decision, irrevocable and oternal, was writteu upon every feature of that powerful and ani mated countenance. Her 4 Never 1' seemed to penetrate like an elcetrie flash through every heart." Mrs. Booth's part in tho development of the "aimy" from tho 44 Christian Mission " is more Obscure. Wo should gather that tho idea was tho " General's," and that Mrs. Booth's contri bution wan the intellectual and lesthotic one, the example of her powerful and single minded eiiaractor, her sovero concentration of purpose, and her great oratorical gifts, while the omble- inatio and pictorial sido was due to Mr. Booth. Tho colors of the uniform, wo aro told, were designed by tho 44 General." 44 Tho blue border typified holiness, while the scarlet ground was a perpetual reminder of the central lesson of Christianity, salvation through tho blood of Jesus. A yellow star in tho centre betokened tho fiery baptism of tho Holy Ghost. Equally striking was tho motto, 'Blood and Firo,' inscribed across tho star, signifying in a word tho two groat essential doctrines of the mission, tuo mood or jcsus anu wiu uro ui vue Holy Ghost." Wo should gather, too, that the frank substi tution of the dnmooratio sido of Mothodism for the military autooraoy into which tho 44 army" grew, praotically at a bound — with tho abolition of tho 44 Conference Committee," and tho con centration of all power and responsibility in the commamler'A single hands — was Mr. Booth's idea. Mr. Booth-Tucker's account of the extent of tho change is sweeping enough :— "January, 1877, will ever be memorable in tho history of the Salvation Army, for it was then that the domocratio system of government, into whioh, oh we havo already seen, the Chris tian mission had fast been drifting, was finally replaced by a purely military constitution. Not that Mr. Booth hod any intontion of copying the latter. On the contrary, it was somo time before lie himself noticed tho resemblance. In striving to develop and perfeot his infant organisation, ho uncoiisoiously drifted into a systom whioh UBsumed a military cha racter. ' Thus the Army existed as suoh beforo "'he . gave it the: name,, and tho evangelists were already officers long beforo the titlo of captain had boon adopted. Guided doubtless by Providence, and prompted by tho Spirit of God, one new departure had sue- occdcd another, until the mission had hcoomo wlmt it was ultimately designated— an army." Tho difficulty would seem to bo that Mr. Booth founded not simply an army, but a dynasty, and that tho ultimate stability of tho movement would seem to depend on whother tho genius of tho parents has descended to the children. If it has, it is thanks to the woman whose life those pagos record. Whether the later sooial developments of the Army would altogether have plcasod her we are inclined to doubt. She died beforo they camo fully to birth. Her last years of lifo were years of almost uninterrupted physical torture, homo with unshaken firmness. Too much of them is told in Mr. Booth-Tuoker's book, but they leavo an impression of genuine greatness. A saint indeed sho was, half of a modern, half of an antique, typo. Breadth, tolerance, Bweet- ness, she lacked ; and that sido of Salvationism is not, wo imagine, due to her. But sho loved her fellow men and women with deep affection, and sho devoted her life to what she believed to be tho highest kind of scrvico she could render them. Slio was intolerant of shams, and she was an enthusiast for truth. Her creed may have been over-sombre, over-narrow for her age. But her enthusiasm transfigured her life, as it now speaus ior ner ueyonu the grave.— Daily Cftronicle, 