Weaknesses oi IlBig ofrnius. ?. All great pooplo have had their follies, which is an other way of saying that all havo had thoir wook points. Tycho Brahe, tho groat astronomor, had a terrible fear of haros and foxes. Tho groat Dr. Johnson, with all his philosophy, was not without a superetiton. Ho was vory caroful not to ontor a room with his loft foot foromost; if by any chance ho did so, ho would immodiutoly stop back ana ro-entor wilt) ms rigut loot ioremo Ho was terribly afraid of death too, and would not suffer it to bo mentioned in his prnsonco. JuliuB Ccosar, to whom tho shouts of thousands oi tho onomy woro but sweet music, wa3 mortally afraid of thunder, nnd always wantod to got underground to to escapo tho torriblo noiso. Marshall Saso, who lovod to look upon tho ranks of opposing armies, fled and ccreumcd in toiror at tho sight a cat. Petor tho Great could scarcely be porsuudod to cross a bridge, aud whenever ho placod his foot on ono ho would scroam in, torror. Lilio tho groat man that ho was ho tried to ovorcomo hio wooknosa, but ho was novor c.blo to do ::o. Ho novor crosaod ovor tho L.ickoj' Itoau bridgo, Blona Valo. And Byron would novor holp nnyono to r;nlt at tabic, nor would ho bo holpod himself ; and if any salt woro npillcd ho would immediately got up and leave. A UOMANOi: 03? THE PoSTAOE SlAJIP. — A myctory murounded tho ndboaivo pontage stamp ouch ao would soon havo boon fnthomod in tliOGo loitor dayo of exact Goiontifio annlynis, yet which at tho timo ro quirod all tho aubtorfugo and cunning wo ussociato with olovor burglary to unravol (writos a scientist). Tho ntory goes that tho propar'ation of tho gum usod on tho stamps was ouco tho work of a solitary individual, who workod in oocrot and doclinod to diacloao hio rocipo ovon to tho Govornmcnt which omployed him. Hio work wao nlways nccomplishod in a room sccuroly locked to provont intrusion. . Fonr fnl that tho prooious aoerot might bo lost in coso of tho man's saddon doatli, a patriotic official — whoso patriotism, surolylmd a dash of protty inquisitivonoss — omployed a awoop to croop down tho chimnoy whilo tho gum maker was nt work. Tho swoop — who must havo boon a cbomist in discuiso — discovered tho secrot. Tho splondid gum wao nothing moro thnu friod starch ! What au ovorwhelminc loss to tho world would havo rosulted hnd that swoop boon gummod to, or stuck in, tho chimnoy ! East Kaxoaloon- Improvement Society. — At tho last mooting Mr. W. W. Doughty presided. Tho Bowral Electoral League aakod to nirnngo a dobato. A hill from Mr. W. W. Doughty. £2 os lid, also ono from Mr. J. Colo, £1 3s, as librarian, wero pasaod for payment. Nomination of ofEoors took placo as followa : — Presidont, W. W. Doughty nnd F. Digginn ; vico -president, John Porter, and J. J. Armstrong ; sec rotary, G. Pnsmoro, F. Diggins, W. Porter, and J. J. Armstrong; tronsuror, G. Woll*,. W. Kirlcland, and M. Brookor. Mr. J. Colo paid 7s 6d from Bacholor's Club. Tennyson a Pkintek. — Among the many anocdolos that havo been given of Tonnyson, ] tho fnct has not boon recalled that tho poet was an amateur printer. In his earlier days he had a small hand-press of his own, on which ho usod to set up his poems in typo j and tako ' proofs,' which ho would correot and roviso ogain and again.' It was by this unsparing self-criticism and tireless revision of his work that Tonnyson . gained tho per fection of his stylo ; oven aftor publication he was apt to alter words and linos — some- times, as his readers thought, not for the better. Ho has also withdrawn entirely' many of his poems after publication. Mn. Todlk'b Joke.— Mr. J. Ij. Toolo's fondnoaa for practical joking is woll known. Not vory long ago tho colobratod actor entered a dairy eliop in London, nnd assum ing a solemn domonnour, addressed himself to tlio man behind tho counter : ' I will take a boy,' said Mr. Tuolo gravely, looking round nt tho shelves. 'A boy, sir?' askod tho dairyman in a puzzlod tone. ' And a girl,' nddod Mr. Toolo. Tho man gazed opon-mouthod at his customer, ovidontly undor tho improssion a lunatic was addroas ing him. 'This is a milkahop,' said the dairyman in an emphatic tone, 'pomo oiitsido,' answered Mr. Toolo, in a sepulchral voico ; nnd taking tho man by tho arm, ho led him to tho door and pointed upwards to tho sign. ' I'll tako a boy and girl,' ropoatod tho humorist with not the ghost of a smile. ' liead what your notice states; 'Familios suppliod in any quan tity.'' 