TEE JADE SNAKE 9 "No, it was not a gift from my husband ; it is my husband," Mrs. Tighe said again. . Mr. Ticrho was awav — ho usually was — and Hertys saw that any expres sion of his sentiments just then would be either caddish or brutal. And this unique Hertys succeeded in being a Ibver without being either a cad or a brute- It was as ugly-loolcing a snake, in its dainty way, as was ever cut out of jade for a bracelet. A Hollnndish artisan would have put in a couple of tiig rubies for eyes and a forked tongue of gold. But the Japanese jade- worker had set two tiny diamonds so deep into the three-cornered head of the poison-snake, that theirglittercould scarcely bo seen, and the wide jaws were tight shut. Had it been the live snake it looked, it could not have clung closer to Mrs. Tighe's white wrist. She had been telling Hertys where she got the peculiar bracelot, and there Was a tone in her voice that made him think what a world of bitterness there must have been in her life She and Tighe had honeymooned in Japan for a month or two, and one day iu a native shop in one of the old streets of Tokio she had seen the snake and been astonished when told that its price was something like twenty pounds. Tighe haddislikod the creepy-looking bit of jade-work so much that he was angry with her for even admiring the wonderful workmanship that made it so lifelike. Of course, she went back to old Kotohiri's shop the first chance She got to go out unobserved, and when the old jade-worker ox- plained that the bit of horror was ex pensive because tho snake was hollow and full of poison, she was more charmed with it than ever. She had always eaten pickles before breakfast at school. The idea of having always about her such a nice subtle means of suicide fascinated her. The stud' in side the snake, Kotohiri explained, was a powerful enough poison, so that if a few particles of tlio fine powder got into one's circulation it would paralyse the heart almost instantly. He was sure of its deadly efficacy, because his great grandfather, who was a jade-worker, of course, While putting the finishing touches to the third of tho bracelets ho essayed to make, broke it, a few particles of the powder getting into a tiny cut a frag ment of the jade had made in his thumb. Ho left the shop to Kotohiri's grandfather after about fifteen minutes of unconsciousness. Tighe's bride bought the bracelet and went to the queer little shop again the next day to have it put on. It had to be heated for half an hour in a porcelain oven before it could be slipped over her hand on to her wrist, , her flesh being protected by the tight- wrapped bands of silk kept wet witli water, that also compressed her hand till it was numb, but once on it was there to stay. After the jade bad cooled enough, . contracting as it cooled so that the protecting bands of silk could be taken off, Mrs. Tighe went back to the hotel fully expecting a terrible row with Tighe. She had it. Tighe was so angry that he all but cried in his rage. He told her to take the thing oft) and the way ho did it would have insured the girl's keeping it on if it had been a live snake. Be- bides, she could not have taken it off bad she wished to without breaking it. Tiglie said her conduct was " flagrant insubordination as it was to be sure, looking at it Tighe's way, and the ex pression made the girl so angry that she became hysterical. She locked herself up in her room and kissed tho snake's fiat snout. It would put an end to the mistake she had made in marrying Tighe any time she chose to strike her wrist against tho arm of her chair, or the post of her bed, she told herself. She had a little sense left in her blonde head, though, and so she and Tiglie got as far as Paris on their way bnclc to London all right, and established themselves in a comfortable mansion for the winter. " It's my husband — my real husband," she went on to Hertys aftershehad told him all this, and Hertys wondered, if it should come to forgetting her hus band or breaking the snake on her wrist and bo killing herself, which she would do. "It constantly reminds mo," sho said slowly, twisting tho snftko round till she could see tho glitter .of its wicked littlo eyos— "it reminds me that it is fifteen minutes after 11, Billy," she went on suddenly, with a simile so frank that it dissipated tho dream Hertys had in his head as sud denly as a ten-ton shell at his feet would have done. Hertys finished pulling on his left glove with a jerk. As he was slowly raising her hand towards his lips, watching her eyes tho whilo, he saw, as ho had been sure that ho should, that which made him give tho hand an entirely proper shake at the height of his first shirt stud, and say " Good night." All through Lent ' they fenced this way, and Hertys thought he had got 1 his feelings into a sufficiently platonic state, so that ho could mention Mrs. Tighe in his letters to .his good old mothor without telling ,|ier lies. He had also begun paying some attention to littlo Tessie Van Dock, the American girl, who had been half crazy over him since the first time they danced together. It never occurred to Tossio that the fact that Mrs; Tigho usually chaperoned her in her invalid mother's place was at all significant. After the Embassy ball, tho first post-Lenten event of any consequence, Mrs. Tighe could not find her carriage, and so Hertys took Tessio and Mrs. Tighe homo in his hired trap. After setting Tessio down at her home Hertys told the cocher to drivo them through the Bois for a while. It was a perfect night, with a perfect moon in the sky, and the drive through tho still Bois, with the caress ing breath of tho coming spring in tho soft air, bristled with pernicious in fluences after the heat and fatigue of the ball. Small wonder that from a marblo woman with emotions as statuesque as her beauty, Tessic's chaperon changed to a soft-eyed school girl again, and forgot, for the time, all about tho jade snake on her wrist and its ghosts j that Ilortys folt as though he wuro choking with the joy that only a young man can feel after he has once — a thousand times — stopped hoping. It is different with an old man. An old man never stops hoping. „ When the cocher pulled up ill front of the apartment house where Hertys had a don of four or five room's, the young man felt a little as ono does when he realises that he is drunk and has a right to be. He was almost giddy. He could scarcely realise it all. As Mrs. Tighe was getting down from the fiacre she scorned to slip a bit and thrust her hand towards Hertys for support. Her wrist struck against the handle of the carriage door and the jade snake broke. She fainted into limp whiteness in his arms, and then Hertys understood what had hap pened. Raising her hand into tho light of the carriage lamp he tore the glove from her wrist and saw a deep scratch through the white skin, with rapidly swelling drops of blood oozing out on its jngged edges. Over the scratch and mingled with the blood was a greenish-grey dust that where the red blood touched it turned into a black paste, and held small bits of the jade glued to tho flesh. Hertys crushed his lips down over the scratch and sucked. The sharp bits of jade cut his lips, but he did not notice it. By the time the cocher had got down from the box they were both in a heap on the flagstones. He rang up the doctor next door, and after lifting Mrs.. Tighe into the carriage they took Hertys to his room, where the doctor blundered over him an hour or two and then gave up. On his way back to the Von Docks to find where his unconscious pas senger lived tho cocher stopped and rang up another physician who hap pened to know Mrs. Tighe, and he saw at once that she died from heart failure induced by the excitement in cident to the ball. 