THE YELLOW MEN OF INDIA. ohamikh Joii.nhton, r.o.s., in TIM " Abiatio QuAin'iiitr.T." Tho Kocch, tho Santuli nnil tho Snvnrn ntonll distinctly agricultural, upending thoir dayB froin Niinrino to minuet in tilling, irrigating anil wood, ing thoir fieliln of rice, or indigo, or cotton, Thoy nil till with nn ironshod hoc, the Snvnrns HomcumcM using a light plough when tho imtnro of tho ground permits ; nnd nil throo races, whon elenring new ground, lmrn nwny tho junglo Instead of cutting it down, being purfootly aivnro of tho fertilising powor of wood nshas. In their work iu tho fluids, tho Kocch, tho Snntnli and tlio Snvatu nro largoly liclpod hy thoir wives and daughters when domestic drt'cs "IV when the womon nro not engaged in thoir own pcoulinr tnsks of spinning, dyoiug and wonving. All threo peoples nre acquainted with the preparation nnd use of dyes, of whioh indigo nnd moriniln, for blue nnd red, aro probably the most papular. Tho villages of tlicno throo pooplos nnmbor from 10 to 20 to n hundred homes, niul their houses nro woll and strongly constructed— bettor perhaps than those of their noighhors of other rncos. Every village lms itsowu iiendinnn, and amongst the Suntalis, nt any rate, tlio headman is sup. poHod to he a dosoondnnt of tho original founder of tlio village, no that tho office mnst be hercditnry. Tho prosence of tho headman of tlio villago among the unassiinilatcd yollow tribes disproves tho mipposition thnt this institution is peculiarly Hindu. The life of tho ICoccli, iSautali ami Snvnrn womon is clinrnctoriscd by fnr greater froodom than that of orthodox Hindus ; nnd tlio same enlightenment marks tlio marriage laws of those three tribos. A fow words aro sufficient to describe thoir admirablo nnd yet very simple Institutions witli rognrd to mar- riago ; for, with ono or two exceptions to bo noted, tlie oustoms of all three arc tiie same. Iu the iirst place, among tlio Kocch, tho Snntnli nnd tlio Snvnras, there is 110 such tiling ns habitual innrringo of infants, or tender and immature children. Tho contract, ing parties nre almost nlwnyn adults, nnd tho union is brought about by mutual consent, nftor a fow nimple ceremonies ot feasting and snori- fice. Tho woman's liberty of choice is carefully guarded. Amongst tlio Snvnros, sayB Mr. Fawcett, "a woman mny leave her husband whenever alio pleases, llor husband cannot prevent her." Among tlio Kooch, according to Buchanan, " the mon nro so gallant thnt they lmvo made ovor nil their proporty to tho women, who in return nro most Industrious, weaving, spinning, brewing, planting, sowing ; in a word, doing all tlio work not above their strength." In consequence of the independence of their wives, tbo Kocch nnd Snvnrns nro nd- mirnblo husbands ; nnd I believe substantially the samo conditions obtain nmongst tlie San- talis. The seoond grcnt principle with regard to innrringe among those three yellow tribes, which again furnishes n roinnrkahio contrast witli tlio Hindus, ie that widows aro perfectly froo to marry to marry ngain, nnd incur no social dis ability by doing so. 'Tlio proporty of tlie parents is said to go to tlio sons among tlio Snvnras, aud to tbe daughters amongst tlio Kocch ; ns to tho Snntniis, i have ns yot no cer tain information ; so that tlio question of in heritance among tho yollow tribos may bo left open for tbo present. Only two more points of importance need bo noted ; nnd in these I believe thore in a complcto identity between Kocch, Snntnli nnd Snvara usnnge. Tlio points nre, tlint the mon of these threo yellow races miiBt marry woman of tlio namo tribe, while marriage of relations is abso lutely forbidden. I believe that eaoh of thes« tribes is distinguished by n fairly high standard of social purity, as contrasted with other India" raoos. Polygnmy exists, to a limited oxtont nmotig the richer Savarns, but not no fnr ns I know in tbe other two tribes. The Kocch nnd the Snvnrn both burn their dend, generally in a fnmily or village burning ground, beside a river - I believe the Snntniis do tho same, but on this point moro exnot information is ncsirnble. In tbo religion of tho throe yollow tribes which is mninly n cnlt of tlie dead, tlio rosein- hinnco botwocn Kocch, Rnntnli nnd Hnvnm usngc is very striking. Among the Kaeoii nnd tlie Snvnras, and I believe nlso nmong the Snn- tolia, the snorifices fall into threo oinsscs. First, nn offering to tho ghost, a few days nftor the body hnd been burned ; secondly, n general sacri fice (evory yoar, or cvory second year), to the ghosts, aftur the rice lias boon gathered in ; and, thirdly, n sacrifice to bring tho rains or to mnrk their arrival. Tho two latter strongly mark tho agricultural oharaoter of the yollow races. From n study of many dotailB of tlio religious usages of these threo yellow races, tho Kocch, tho Snntnli, nnd tho Snvara, i nm con vinced that the basis of thoir religion is n firm belief in tho ghosts of the dend, joined with nn equally firm belief in their uniform innglign- mice. Their gods nnd tho demons of wells nnd trees nre generally found to bo ghosts of the duiul, if the htliefs regarding tliom aro care fully looked into. They further believe that these ghosts aro nblo and willing to injure tho community tlicy belonged to in throe ways; first, personally, by the infliction of diseases, through obsession or domoniao possession, and by various forms of malignant misebiof and spite ; to avert these personal injuries sacri fices aro offered by tlio relations a fow days after tho body is burned. Tho seoond possible injury tlicy attribute to tbe malignant ghosts ot their dead is the destruction of the harvest ; and to prevent this, or rather to roward the ghosts for their forbearance, in a caso of a good harvest they offer yearly or biennial sacrifices at tlie harvest home, oxpreBsly dedicated to the ghost of those who have died within that period. Thirdly, thoy beliovo tho ghosts of thoir dead ean impede the yearly rainB— thus destroying the prospects of noxt year's harvest nnd the beginning of tho rains is therofore made tho occasion of another sacrifice. 