[?] A -widow at Chichesfcer has been keeping her 102nd birthday. A man who Berved in the Peninsular war has just died at Brewood, aged 104. At a bicycle race near London the winner kept up a speed of 20 miles for 12 consecu tive hours. youth, ha? arrived in England to get & little schooling. They are practical sympathisers at Lefroy. £Q0 being raised to help a dis tressed family. Customs returns Launceston last week .£2672 53 8d, as against -£3043 17s 5d for the previous week. Mrs P* C. Maxwell has prepared ft beautiful design for the certificates for the Ulverstone exhibition. .^Constable O' Byrne wins the 'Graves' gold medal by making top score in the Intercolonial Rifle Match. Mr Gladstone has offered a baronetcy to Dr. Gumming, a Belfast medical man and professor in Queen's College. Messrs Rothschild and Sons reported to be purchasing New South Wales and Victorian Government stocks. N. Westbrook and Windsor again in good form with the bat, putting on 117 for the Esk's third wicket on Saturday. Six tons of tin arrived from Cox's Bight on Saturday, and 249 bags from St. Helen's, from various East Coast mines. Yacht race on Saturday won by the Florrie, Youla second, and Edith third. Racing'poor on account of bad wind. Mr Victor Shaw's hairdresser and tobacconist's shop broken into on Saturday night, and five dozen cigars stolen there from. Owing to fcho small number of passengers travelling, the intercolonial mail service 13 to be reduced from three trips to two trips per week. Some cf the West Dijvon electors are disappointed with Wir Edward Braddon's address. A committee forming to secure his return. Sir Edward Watkin has now purchased the whole of Soowdou. He formerly owned a considerable poriion of the moun tain. Pateena for Melbourne Monday had a cargo valued at ,£14,239, which included 2625oz gold (£10,400), 35 tons tin, '77 bales wool, and 55 bales sheepskins for tranship ment to -bonuon. Monday, October 9, was Chiosgo Day at the 'World's Fair, and 750,000 persons entered the gates. Suverai lives were lont in she otD.iy.-i, :aid 258injurtd people had to \\)v wfc-.n uu t.h-i bospitai3 Au iuma .e oi Weston Green Almshousea hi..-, ju.-fc oet- bratird her centenary, live vjeiio.aMona ot relatives being present to clo ixav houour. \- ? . — ' Is a man old at 50 ?' has been the sub ject of a newspaper correspondence. One man, aged 51, declared his readiness to run, swim, or box the average man of 25. Another in his 63rd year can run for miles, and recently rode 60 miles in one day on a tricycle. A party of gentlemen visited the village of Boulge, Suffolk, and planted rose trees at the grave of Edward Fitzgerald, poet and translator of the works of Omar Khay yam, a -Persian chronicler of the 11th century. Seeds for the trees were picked from bushes growing near the tomb of JSJiayyam in rerBia. The Duke of Sutherland is being urged by the County Council to reopen the gold fields on his Scotch estate in order to give remunerative employment. The goldfields have been closed for years, but it is thought they would prove productive if the latest machinery were used. On the Highland railway the other day two earls, a countess, two Cabinet Minis ters, and an admiral, with their respective families, were third-class passengers in one tram. The leading tradesmen of Southampton have passed a resolution recording their opinion that Christmas boxes should be abolished. ? &$§§$ Deputation tepresenting skilled work men interviewed Lord Salisbury to protest against the contracting out clauses in Em ployers' Liability Bill. Stormy scenes in the Italian Parliament. Ministers howled down and branded as robbers. Italian finances in a desperate condition. . Cardinal Serafino Vannutelli and Cardinal: Angelo de Pietro mentioned as successors to the papal chair on the death of Pope Leo XIII. Working bee at Ulverstone to prepare the ground for the exhibition. Doctors, lawyers, storekeepers, and labourera all working merrily together. Magnificent finish in the steeole at DeBraitfe^fetWeen Eeokless and Oroya. Reckless parsed 'the post first, but lost the race on- protest for boring. The railways in France employ 24,800 womenp the majority of whom, however, receive a small sum merely for opening andighutting gates where roads cross the track. ,;? ? There are no undertakers in Japan. Each family buries its own dead iuan economical manner, and the mourning doesn't com mrtnopk iiintlil t/hA nhipnf; ' nf crviaf Vina Tin an disposed of. The Crown Princess of Sweden is bo enthusiastic' a photographer1 bhat she de votes all her spare time to the art, and is now endeavouring to make the women of Stockholm take up photography profes sionally. .'..'..; The blue coat worn by butchers origi nated from its being the colour- of the uniform of a guild ; but its almost uni versal adoption by the trade is owing to the ' fact . that blood shows less on that colour than on any other. The servants and visitors at Hampton Court Palace still insist that 'ghosts' of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Henry VIIL's wives, haunt the rooms. A night watchman in- the grounds is said to have been so alarmed at the sight of an apparition that he has resigned his post. ^.A West End medical man performed an operation upon a son of Lord Annesley, who suffered from stammering. A fee of *B30 was charged, the time occupied in the operation being three minutes. Lord Annesley paid .£12, and was sued for the remainder. The defence was that the operation was unsuccessful, but the medical man recovered the full amount. A method of sounding the deep sea with out using a line ha3 recently been devised by Mr John Munro. It consists in dropping a lead containing a cartridge, which ex plodes on striking the bottom, and the sound is received by a submerged micro phone apparatus communicating with the Bhip. The depth is estimated by the time occupied by the lead in sinking to the bottom. A tax, which lasted 13 years, was actually levied in Great Britain on births in the year 1695. Every person not in receipt of alms was required to pay 2s for every little, stranger added to his family. The nobility and gentry were subjected to a heavier- payment in addition, ranging from -830 for the eldest aon of a duke down to 10s for, a; person having real estate worth £50 per annum or personal estate of .£600 or nTJWflrriH. /jviifljim Short sight is frequently hereditary in families. As a general rule, the inhabi tants of towns are much, more liable to it than persons living in the country, and students and literary men are the most liable of all. During a Btorm in France the lightning struck a pond 12ft deep, and killed all the fiah in it. ' i 