WEDDINGS AND WEDDING RINGS. ,4 -o (From the"'Australian Jodrnal.") Joining the right hands in the wedding ceremony was customary in Assyria and Persia, and the bridal veil was worn in Greece and Rome... The Bihle.does not mention wedding rings. F hut it describes the giving of them as pledges of honour and affection. Pharoah gave Joseph a ring when he sent him over the land of Egypt, and the prodi gal was given a ring upon his return to his father. Legends relate that .Joseph espoused Mary with a ring in which was found an amethyst, and of course this precious relic was found, (by a miracle), and performed. many valuable cures for the benefit of all mankind, and the treasury of the church. The young Roman sent to the m tiden his family had selected to become his wife, "'a ring in token of his fidelity. Gold was the usual material, but in the time of Pliny iron rings, set with adamant, were used to denote the durability of the contract. As now, this rine was worn on the fourth finger of the left hand. It was not always plain, but often bore a device, a a key to dencte the authority and responsibility of a wife in her husband's house. TIhe diamond was much esteemed as a wedding ring in Italy during the fifteenth nud sixteenth centuries, for that gem was believed to have a mysterious power of main taining happiness between husband and wife. Silver rings, inlaid with Niello, were also much used. Gemmed rings were in fashion forty and fifty years ago. Two, and sometimes three and four deli cate rings were hinged or linked together, and bore upon the top, when closed, clasped-hands or a heart, emblems of love and fidelity. Nottoes and posies were engraved on the in side of these rings, The prettiest one I ever saw read-' End less and pure be our love.' The Anglo-Saxons used these gemmed rings, and they in turn borrowed them of the French, The wedding ring has been worn- upon the" thumb and upon the right hand. "The women of all nations have been as busy as' bees, and with spinning and weaving to oc cupy their fingbrs, it is easy to see why even a princess should put her p, ized wedding ring upon the hand and the finger which would keep it the safest. The fancy that a vein or nerve runs di ractly from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart, is very ancient, and no doubt helped to make it the bearer of the wedding ring; and there was in the early days of the church, a curious custom of recognising the Trinity by placing the ring on the first finger or thumb for the Father, on the second fin ger for the Son, and on the third finger for the Holy Ghost.. Then it was placed upon the fourth finger,. from which loving and superstitious wives never removed it.. Scholars are fond of telling us that the wedding ring meant the subjection of the wife, and the placing it upon the left hand meant more subjection. But in the past the subjection of women has needed no sign to emphasize it.. It was an accepted and ex pected fact, and was perhaps a condition of perfect safety. j. ? tB E oon:-.ie Editor of the "'Family Doctor" says : We have seen hostao?f letteri in which ths writers acknow. dge the benefit they have received from Clarke's wonderfuL !Flood Mixture, which as a curative agent cannot be too highly estimated, since it cleanses the blood from -all im purities If the blood is diseased the body is diseased. Clarke's Blood Mixture is a medicine ofthe Freatest possible value, and it iscertainly thafinest blood purifier that science and skill have brought to light. We can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally."-The '" Family Doctor," 16th July,. 1892. For bcrofula, Scurvy, Eczema,. Skin and Blood diseases, and Sores of all kinds, it isa never-failing and permanent cure. It is the only real specific for Gout aund Rheumatic Pains, for: it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Of Chemists. &-., everywhere at 2 9d and ls per bottle. Thousands of trrtinonuds from all parts. OXE BOX OF CLA?BRKE'S 41 PILLS Is warranted to cure all dischasges from the Urinary O:gnas, in either sex,. acquired c- constitutic" iGr teland Pains in tha Back. Guaranteedfree from Mer, Siry. Sold in boxes, 4s. 6d. eack by all Chemists and Etent Medicine Vendores throughout the World. kroprietors, The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Comany, LinoolnEngs, d. Ci?rnos.--Purchasers of Cliarke's Blood'Mixtture should they get the gennine article. Worthless imitations are sometimes palmed off by unprincipled vendors. 'lThe words "Lincoln and Midland. Counties Drug Com-. pany, Lincoln, li'gland," are engravedon the Government Stamnp, and 'Clarre's Worli-famed Blood Mixture," blown in the bottle, WI'IBOUT WHICHf NONE ARE GEN UlNE. aow I' ts Do?E.-The first object In life with the Amer, can people is to" get rich"; and second how to retain good hmlth The first an bo obtained by energy, honesty. an saving. the second (good health), by using GEass's uBns. FLOWER. Should you be a despondent sufferer from and of the effects of Dyspepsia,. Liver Complaint Indigestion &e.;, suh as Sick Headache,.Palpitation of the Heart, Sole stomach, Habitual Costiveness, Dizziness of the He-d. nervous Prostrat'on, Low Spirits.. &c.;, you need not suffer another day. Tvwo doses of AUGUST FLOWER will believe you at once. Sample bottles, 9d; regular size 4d d. Positively sold by all flrst-clase Druggistsin Australio Wholesale Focax. Toxrsrrr & Co., Melbourn TH?Es PEOrs WAwRT p'OO Tere i8 no mecicme proscribed by physicians, on sold by druggists, thae earries such evidence of its snccess and superior virtue at OOSCHEE's OEIA N staur for severe Congha, Cohis settles. on the breast, Consumption, oranydisease of the Throat end Lungs. -A proof, of that fact is t~hat any rson. - afilicted canget a sample Bottle for 9d'anud try its supe rior effect before busing the regular size at 4s 6d. It, has lately been introduced in this country from Germany, and its wonderful cures are astonishing everyone thaPti uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. Try it. Alt Chemists and Storekeepers. Wbholesale by Rocxz. To~r a'rv & Co.. folbournae. A'vlCa TO ~oTHEr F-AOre Joe 'roken- an your rest by: child suffering with the Iain of cutling teetbi P Go -, once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mas. WSLOrwy'. oo'rse SvBrue.. It, will. relievea. the: poor- sufferc. immediately.. I, is pellectly harmless and pleasant t,. tcastc, it produces natural quzet sleep, by relieving thechil from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as button." It soothes the child, it'softens the g?nams, alla y. all pain, relieves wind,-regulates the bowels, aud is ti?d best known: remedy for dysentery and diarrtcea, whethbt. xsing from feething or other causes.. bIas. ?rsasl w's. 0oolII;O STRUP is sold'by Mediocue dealera everywhere a. Is. I?d. per botll " T 0oA TArEC ros A'n D KO'aSt Ssasr;-AlltulIering rronr irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at thealmost immediate relief afforded by the use of "15,own's Bronchial Troches." These famous "'lozenges" arc now sold by most respectablo chemists -in this country at is. l1d. per box. Pl'eople troubledwith a a hacking cough," a "slight cold," or brouchial affections asu not try them too soon, as similar troubles. if allowed tc progress, result iu serious pulmonary and asthmatc alfcc tions. See that the words "Brown's Uronchial Troches"' are on theO, rerumount stanpj around each cox.--Prepared by Jo?s I. Bnow A. boss, Boston, U.S. European deeot ,;, Farringdon road, London England. - VALUABLE. Discovr, run TE H.ats.--t- your nair is, turning grey or white, or falling off, use " Tlb Iexican Haur benewer," for it will positively restore in every ease. Grey or White hair to its origin.al colour,.withount leaving. the disagreeable smell of nmost " hestorers." It manrsa the hair charmingly beautiful, as- well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spot~s, where glands are not decanyed. Ask 'your Chemnist for "'rhe Mlexican hair enew?er."" sold by ClFemasts and perfumers eseryrhere apt a 6d. per but tie. holesale depot 33- 'arringdo road, London England, F L0iuss!-L1L FOn. 'r rxrw -Ann BA'sa.,--A fw atr ps. of thsliquad"t lurdine' sprinkled on a wet totlh-brush. proedacess e pleasant lather, which thoroughly': cleanses tL e teeth; frol al parasites or impurities, hardens the gums preventce artar, stops decay,.give to the teeth' a peeular parly whiteness,and adelightlulfrgrance to the Laeath.. It removes all unplasantodouiarisangfrom decayed teeth or tobacco smOke.. " The llragrant Plorijiae." being com.-: i,,-ul inpart of Honey' iandiia sweet liehbs, Is delicious to' .,: tarste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the ae. I Price 2s. 'id.. ,,f all Qiaemists asd Perftmers.. Wholesale L~riaaasA,~Jo3 Vanrngd t ouenoneia,.E4nglnd 