f'":?-.- SAY — ?-J vasA from Madagascar, 'At; Sslr.nel wo reail o£ afor, Ifea v.-ritteu to eny That oM E'jkimu, hoorr.y! Is oar " m .r ' and i : also our " par." J nd Sir Ilcnrj Parl-ee pjot the screed, i -1 (or. big int-iti ijj didread, a Uriton by birth Is a great man.on e:irtlt. Though often hard-up for. a feed. That Sir Henry Parkcs doe 3 not write poetry for tho Amies. That it r strange how many ofacials , of Shearer : Unions sro charged with ~ . " ileccing." That they have a new iloricultural write?, iv Armidale, who calls a rose " a spray nozzle." *"3"j That lawn tenuis is not popular in Inverell. It offers no chance for " barracking." "? . That both Sir George Dibbs and Mr Barton wish there was no such question as Australian Federation. That whon the Armidale Express Bays " Wo* have had our attention struck," it does not mean that anyone kicked it. That tho Australian Star should not object to small boys being in cloudy \- company considering its political friendships. That when tho Government do mike their new appointments to the Legisla tiveCouncil, faithful newspaper service will bo duly rewarded. Tlit they arc gad there is to be no al; ration in the running of the Brisbane mail trains which just suits | Nciv South Wales necessities now. That the Scone paper thinks it is £? "an intellectual centre," while the Muswellbrook paper thinks it is not, and everyone is sure that neither is. That judging from the price of a glass of milk at some railway refresh ment rooms it is a luxury which, ac cording to Mr Reid, 31.P., ought to be taxed. That an Inverell football team who visited Armidale cannot be induced to return, and the Inverell Argus says that is because the Armidale girls arc so pretty. That an amateur gardener in Inverell uses the local papers to shelter growing plants from frosts. This is a case of siutilia similibus curanlnr.- That the Tciiterfield Star has dis covered a comet which no one else can find out. But perhaps no one else has looked through the same kind of glass as the Star. That Mr Frank Farncll, M.P., has opened a wild flower show probably to make him feel pleasanter when Parlia ment meets, and the wild cat show opens on the 2{3t!i. That there are three applicants for the position of manager to the next Australian Eleven. Yet the present ! ought to be the last Australian .Eleven \ for a good many years. I That Randwick races on Saturday X were graced by the attendance of two ;1 Governors and their wives and a 1 bigger and more remarkable number j of crooked runners than usual. 'jj That if the redistribution scheme of ,1 the Electoral Districts Commissioners 1 be adopted, Mr Copeland (Minister ; for liands) will not have the ghost of } a chance of being returned for a New i England constituency. ] That the police arc as little pleased ",. with having to act as truant officers ', under the department of Public In struction as Jack Ilaynes, M.P., would bo if called upon to propose the health ot Crick, M.P- 