In Strict Confidence. (BY "QUIS.") Some of the old leaven of too much expressiveness which induced Sir George Dibbs to damn Chicago is apparently still working in him. Once he was fond of Scripture allusions. Now he appears to be devilled by diabolism and vulgarity. Of Mr. Eeid he said : " In Cabinet Mr. Reid is of devilish little use." If he progresses at his present rate of development towards the perilous in expression, something dreadful may occur. " Language " of a kind is a punishable matter. "The country," he alleged, "would be cursed if it were ever governed hv Mr. Heid, who had worn out a portion of his body and the seat of his trousers sitting on a rail." Is this the language which delighted the Court of St. James and bedazzled London sassiety ? V More Dibbsisms. The Premier staled that he has stood the abuse and scoundrel ism of the Press from one end of the colony to the other, &o.; " Abuse and scoundrel ism!" Mrs. Sterling could hardly have been, more forcible or vulgar. It is re- ported that Sir George Dibbs's ideal is a deceased Australian statesman whose com« mand of picturesque epithets and whole« souled abuse was amazing. He bids fail to eclipse the reputation of his exemplar, The full vituperative capacities of Si] u^/uuxvxco Ul o ir George Dibbs are only being revealed as he progresses in years. Once upon a time he was suspected of being a gentleman, and people would as. soon have believed him capable of the qualities he now reveals as have imagined that he was identical with that Australian politician of whom there is a photograph in existence picturing him in the midst of a group of bal- let girls with his arms around the waists ol two of the dar- lings. An ab- surd supposi- tion, of course The Imperial f ederationists have at length. determined to throw aside all disguises. The couocil of that body in Victoria has suddenly leapt to life with a new purpose and announced its intention of holding a public meeting in support of Australian federation. This is really a miracle, seeing that the central body was reported some weeks ago to have yielded up its feeble ghost. But perhaps, after all, it is not death, but transition only, that has occurred. It is just possible that Imperial federationists situated in the centre of tho empire have recognised the impossibility of 4< cementing the empire " from their clubs in London, and have delegated to their Australian emissaries the onus of that mighty work. If this is the case they have committed an egregious blunder. The enthusiastic supporters of a closer connection have by their ill-timed action, instead of forwarding their cause, only served to retard the accomplishment of Australian federation. People whc before were willing to put their shoulden to the wheel and help the coach for ware will hesitate now when they see whal stamp of men are holding the reins an< pulling the traces. * During the recent.cruise of the Curaçoi in her enterprise of British territoria extension the officers, discovered a hug pile of bleaohed and grinning human skulle. These were the ghastly trophies of many a red battle by bush or beach. They were also, the solid, undigestible remnants of many a fair* barbaric feast. Two hundred warriors--some old. grizzled, and gristly ; some young, fat, and tender -had left these shining skulls, and these skulls alone, as a mute memorial of daring courage and vaulting ambition that had gone forth to conquer or be eaten. The fortune of battle had ordained that the latter should be their fate. . Yet, with all its horrors, this practice of reducing to meat a fallen foeman is no more senseless than the ultimate purpose for which so many modern wars have been set afoot. As a matter of fact, it is the lex talionis carried to. its logical conclusion, and the only necessary wars which nature acknow- ledges. All others are of man's invention, and for his pride and glory. Yet with all this we are not sorry to see a European flag floating over the scene of so many wild and uncanny orgies and grim Gol gothas. * * # The Curaçoa also encountered some rather humorous experiences. As her purpose was to annex all of the Islande forming the Solomon Group-that cluster of s welling emeralds set in azure--she was by the nature of her mission compelled to land a party on each member of the group, and there, with all due solemnity, and in the presence of the dusky lords of the land, hoist the Union Jack and take possession in the name of her Gracious Majesty. Why the nature of her commission com- pelled her to proceed in this roundabout method it is not easy to understand. Ono would imagine that a comprehensive and general annexation of the whole group at one and the same moment would just as well have answered the purpose. How- ever, the wisdom of Downing-street is not for us to question; neither is it our pro- vince to note the fact that the Curaçoa consumed much coal in her marine pere- grinations, since we are not British tax- payers. At the first few island« the ceremony of annexation went off with brilliant colors, but after that it became more and more thread- bare, and immense difficulty was met with in rounding up audiences. The natives, it would seem, inspired by some contemp- tible disregard of the glory of the British Empire, in which they were about to be allowed to become participators, took up their spears and-arrows and went away into the green hills. In one case a careless and solitary dog was the sole spectator of the scene. Whether or not the declaration was read to him we are not at present in- formed, but in all probability it was, since the thick-nosed inhabitants of the islands could hardly have been regarded as a more intelligent audience. As a general rule, when the thick black smoke of the Curaçoa was discovered, rolling like a sable serpent above the.calm sea, a yell of agony would burst from the nearest village and a general stampede begin. After this the Curaçoa might whistle for an audience. On one occasion the sailors, making a rapid rush on some native huts in the hope of catching an unsuspecting islander and compelling him to become the audience, discovered that they were unfortunately just too late, the dinners of the fugitives being still upon the fire. Suoh is the native thirst for annexation. Mrs. F. B. Lark will give a dance at her residence, North Sydney, on September 13. * At Lady Hopetoun's last reception there were several innovations and rules, and regulations inaugurated, and among them callers were informed that they were to present their own visiting cards only, and not those of friends and relatives who were not present but who wished to be represented. And it was also notified that babies would not be admitted at the front door. * » * Visitor : " Why, Dottie, you have your mamma's eyes, haven't you? " Dottie: "Yeth; but ehe don't mind. She hath mine." 