WAS IT A DREAM? I (Argosy.) _ Many years ago, in that old Ken sington which has been so charmingly (described by Miss Thackeray, there lived two lovers. She was the daughter of a stern old general rolling in wealth-lie, a poor cavalry captain with nothing put his pay. No need to tell the sequel! Rich men in those days, though they may be called the * good old times,' had no more sym pathy with penniless young men who came a-wooing to their daughters than they have now. This particular one, though his money might have made his daughter and her lover 'happy ever after,' was not inclined - to spend it in such a way. He had set his heart on marrying her to a lord, and in that case would settle enough ou her to buy a king's ransom. But he he was not going to enrich a young man who had nothing of his own, nor did he mean to help his daughter to throw herself away. So when Cap tain. Lennox called to ask him for his consent to his marriage with Jeanne, he pretty quickly got his conge, and was told that young men in the army, with no private fortune, should seek for a wife in the Union. It was very insulting, no doubt, but then the j general was greatly roused, and also- j had the gout. j A sorrowful interview followed j between the lovers (for they found a ! meeting-place). ' lis it then so very ! bad, Jamie, that you think papa will j not relent ?' asked the tearful Jeanne, j * I fear so, my darling,' answered I the lover; ' but tell ine, would you I have the courage to marry me at once ? j X don't care for the money one straw ; | I would sell out, and get something to j do, and we might be happy yet.' j This was wrong, perhaps, in "che captain, but he was very much in love, and really wanted the girl for her own j sweet sake alone. But Jeanne would { not listen to his suggestion. She had j strict ideas about obeying one's father, i learned from her French mother. I "When that child knew that she was leaving her child for ever in this world, she said to her: 1 Whatever you do, ma cherie, never disobey your father ; that is wicked and would only bring evil upon you.' Through the ten years which had passed away since that sad time, the girl had remembered her gentle mother's words, and her stern father had found her obedience per fect. Even now, clinging to her lover and sobbing as if her heart would break, she did not fail. ' I cannot go away with you,* she said ; * if my father forbids, that would be doing wrong, and I cannot do wrong. We must wait for better times.' .' The times never will be better,* he cried. ' Listen Jeanne. I know your father means to marry you to Lord Cremlyn, and if we say good-bye now, it will be for ever-ean you bear that?' But the girl was firm in her resolu tion : 41 cannot disobey my father.' They did part, and it was, as he said, * for ever.' Years passed away, and in their passing brought many changes. The general had his way and married Jeanne to Lord Cremlyn. Before she consented to be engaged she told her future husband all - how she could * never, never care for anyone as she had eared for Captain Lennox.1 ' Never mind that, Jeanne,' replied her new lover. * I know all about it, and in time I feel sure I shall be able to make you happy.' And so he did. It. is true that Lady Cremlyn never eared for him in the same way that she had cared for Cap tain Lennox, but she had a gentle disposition and not a rery strong chatacter. She was, moreover, true to the core, and since ' Papa wished her to marry Lord Cremlyn,' she sup posed she must love him. So she put away with a sigh the old romance, and turned to her new duties as she was bidden, aud the general congratulated himself that he had so good a daughter. The separation did far more harm to Captain Lennox than to Jeanne. He had a deep tenacious nature which could not love in that direction which was most convenient. For awhile he suffered terrlhly. Indeed, he never ceased to suffer, for Jeanne was the one woman in the world to him. But gradually the bright, open hearted youug soldier grew bitter and worldly- wise, and he determined that if he could not have love, he would, at any rate, secure comfort. So he watched bis opportunity, and at last it came to him in the shape of an orphan girl in India, a great heiress, who was just about to return to Eng land in her sorrow. She was easily ?won, and now Captain Lennox was as rich as the old general himself. He retired from the army, and settled down in an Indian home, where he grew richer and richer tiU he was able to live like a prince. Children were born to him-he was called a happy and fortunate man. Hi* wife thought otherwise; to her he never seemed quite content, and she could not under stand it - had he not everything that heart could wish P Ah, she knew nothing of the heartache j which, day by day, pursued hiin, ! do what he would to chase it away ; she little guessed the weary longing for a glimpse of one face which he never must nee again in this world. Happiness seemed to him far away, rest was not to be bough, even with "a princely fortune-could he then be called * fortunate'? Captain Lennox was a eood man, «nd though the thought of Jeanne was | an ever present one to him, he had j made no effort to see her since she I had become the wife of another. Even | when he married, he chose India as his home, as they were Jess likely to meet there ; by-and-by no doubt h<3 would be able to forget, and for this he made a brave faithful struggle. But before this good fight ended in victory (would he have ever won it on earth ?) a messenger came who could, not be refused, the angel of death. Suddenly the ' fortunate' man was struck down by an epidemic, and quickly became a victim to the fell disease. ' I'm going, dear,' he said to his wife;' I've tried to be a good hus band. to you-tell me, have you been happy ?' ' Oh very, very happy,1 she sobbed ; * but sometimes, James, I fear you have not beeu so.' * Dear, that was not your fault,' he replied. ' Once, before I knew you, I had a very great sorrow; and I never quite got over it, or perhaps X might have told you. But don't fret about that-it's all over now ! You've been a true, good wife to me-kiss me, and say good-bye.' Not long after this, while Mrs. Lennox thought her husband was | sleeping, she heard him cry 'Jeanne!' j She fancied he wanted his youngest child, who had. been called by that ' name, and was his great pet. She went to fetch her. When she j returned with the child, her husband j lay with outstretched hands, and a 1 happy smile on his face; but his spirit i had passed away. After this Mrs. Lennox made her home in England. It was her hus band's express wish that she should do so, for, as he said, India was not the best place for girls, and he should like all bis children to have an English education. We need only to follow the history of his eldest son-that of the others was in no way remarkable. Meanwhile, in the beautiful home of Lord and Lady Cremlyn, a little daughter, called by the sweet name of Faith, was growing up to rejoice her mother's heart. All the elder children had been boys, and this one fair little girl was prized beyond measure by parents. She was her mother's con stant companion, and one day, turning over an old desk of hers, commenting in her pretty way over each treasure found therein, she came across a faded picture of an officer in uniform. Something in the face attracted her attention, and she carried the minia ture to Lady Cremlyn. ' Who's this, darling mummie ?' she asked. ' It isn't a gentleman I've ever seen here!' The mother bent over her little daughter as she said : * Ah, Faithie, my pet, that is an old friend, of mine who is dead now !' * Dead, mummie, is he ? Oh, 'm so sorry ! I like him, and I wanted to see him. May I have his picture ? I'll take such care of it '* * Yes, my darling,' replied the mother, 'you may have it, and you may love him, too ; for once he loved mummie very much.' Little Faith kissed the picture, and carried it away to hang up in her room, and Lady Cremlyn pondered wosder ingly over the child's fancy. II. Tt is night, and in a clearing in the midst of an Indian jungle, a white tent is pitched. Dark forms lie sleeping around it, horses are tethered, and fires are burning to keep off unpleasant nocturnal visitors. The stars are shin ing out in the heavens above-it is a most lovely night. Let us take a glance inside the tent One man, an Englishman evidently, lies stretched there. He is fast asleep and dreaming of home. Suddenly he stirs, looks up bewildered, and seems about to speak -again he is silent. Now he gets up, puts 011 his outer garments, and comes quietly out of the tent. He glances around ou the sleepers, then hurriedly he walks away to the place where one of the horses is tethered. A whisper wakes it, then in perfect stillness he rides away. Ou, on, on, all night he rides, till at last at dawn of day he reaches a British military encampment. Here he dismounts, tethers his horse, an walks unceremoniously into one of . the tents. He knows that his friend, who sleeps there, will be astonished to see him, but he is not prepared for the effect produced when, by a slight touch, he wak<-s him. Instead .of the surprise and pleasure he expects to see on the face looking into his, abject terror is depicted there. The man shrinks back, his teeth chattering, his whole form quivering with terror. ' Why, Beamer, old man,' cries the new-comer, ' what in the world's the matter? Are you ill, or do you take me for a ghost ?' For all reply, Beamer burst into tears, seizes his hand, shakes it over and over again, and when at la3t he finds voice, zays: ' Oh, Jimmy, my dear old fellow, you don't know how glad I am to set eyes on you again ! We all thought you were dead ! Did the brutes let you go, then ?' 1 Let me go! What on earth are you talking about? You thought I was dead, did you ? Well, I have had a very curious experience, but I'm not dead-far from it!' * So I see! Well, just let me get up, and we'll have some coffee and a smoke, and I'll tell you a pretty queer story. Prejtare yourself for a shock !' The two friends were soon seated with their coffee and its adjuncts, and while they were enjoying it * Beamer' told the following story : ' You know, Jimmy, the colonel was . not altogether easy about your going up country with only three natives it's one of his theories that they are not to be . trusted. How ever, you would have it so, and there was no more to be said. You started off on Monday. "Well on Tuesday, middle day, that wretched Abdallah was caught stealing again, i We though we'd give him a pretty good fright this time, so we trotted him out before the chief, and stood all round him, pretending we were going to shoot him. We did just scare him, and were on the point of leaving him, thinking we had punished him enough, when, to our surprise, he Fell down on his knees before the colonel and said that if only we would spare his life, he could tell something that might save you from death. Of course the chief was all ears at once. Well, the wretch told us that he had heard those three brutes who had gone with you plotting to murder and rob you in the jungle, and then make off. In reply to the question why he had not at once told this, he drew his hand across his throat, as much as to say they would have killed him too if he had. But it's my belief he meant to be in the swim himself-you can never get to the bottom of these fellows. Of course we lost no time.; the chief and a lot of us started off at once on your track, for as you were to be three days on your journey, we hoped we might meet you before it was too late. But when we got near to your first halting place, we met some fellows who had travelled by your route, only the opposite way, and they told us a story of how they had come upon the body of an Englishman, murdered evidently, further along the way; so of course we gave you up for loit. We could do nothing for you, for these fellows said they had buried the body, and we came back again, the chief vowing vengeance on the men who had mur dered you, and saying he would hunt them out all over India, if need be. And now I should like to know what brings you here alive. Xou certainly were not meant to be in the flesh by this time ! I'm all impatience to hear your story, Lennox!' Captain .Lennox (for it was the son of our old friend) hesitated; then seeing; "the other's surprise he said: * Well, Beamer, if you'll give me your solemn word of honor not to repeat what I say, I'll tell you the story. I'm not sure you will believe it; I'm not even sure if I believe it myself; but I'm certain the other fellows would not. You promise-then here goes! * When I left on Monday I did not take the route intended : those rascals pointed out to me that the other was better, and 1, not having the least suspicion of them, gave in. I suppose the fact was that the other was less frequented, and there was not much danger of our meeting others. We went slowly and halted often, for it was awfully hot. I got on all right, the men were as civil as possible, and the third night I lay down in my tent feeling that I was halfway throughjk.be journey, and should soon be with mj -friends. I don't think had been long asleep when some thing woke me, and to my astonish ment there stood, bending over me, a beautiful girl. I thought I was still dreaming, rubbed my eyes, sat up, and fancied she would vanish, but no there she stood with an anxious look in her eves which I could not make out. I was about to speak, and see whether my voice would dispel the lovely apparition, when she made a motion, as if to enjoin silence, and I could not find my voice. Then she pointed to the door of the tent, and began to move out. I found myself following her. She glided to the spot where my horse lay tethered, land motioned me to saddle him. I did so. Her lips seemed to form the word * mount,' I obeyed. Then with a look of satisfaction she moved away, beckon ing me to follow. Through the whole night she never stopped, and my horse seemed to have wings, for we retraced in a few hours what had taken us two days of our journey to accomplish. I had no idea where I was going, no thought of where she might lead me, only I knew I must follow her. At last I recognised our tents, and knew that I had come back to you. I looked for mv guide-she was gone -vanished. I thought for a moment I had been dreaming all the time, but there was your tent straight in front of me. I said to myself I would give von a surprise, but I never meant to breathe to any living soul why I had come back. Beamer, my dear boy, what in the world is the meaning of it all?' Captain Drury (otherwise Beamer) leaned forward eagerly as he said : ' Well, Lennox, there's not much religion about me, I'm afraid, but all I can say is, your escape is nothing short of a miracle. The girl was an angel, of course, and was sent to save you.' * But why-why, should she save me like that ? I could understand it if I'd been very good, and all that you know, but I've been such a wild chap.' ' Well, Lennox, I'm not the sort to preach a sermon, but I think you ought to be different after this, I do indeed: your life must have been saved for something. Perhaps your mother is a good woman and prays for | you. I know mine does. A few minutes after, the whole camp was astir with the news that the dead man had come to life again. Handshaking and congratulations were the order of the day, and no one would have imagined that any serious thought had ever been in the mind of the gay young captain. But one thought there one, all the same. ' And now,' said the major, ' we shall see Bearner look like himself again : his jolly old face has been as long as a fiddle since we heard that Jimmy was to be put out of the way. That's right, tny boy, beam away,' ae broad grin spread over the round rubi cund face of Captain Drury. No one but the colonel and Beamer ever heard the true story of Captain Lennox's deliverance. The others were told that he had had a mysterious warning that his life was in danger, and. that, taking advantage of the sleep of his would-be murderers, be liad made good his escape. (To be continued.') 