PIERRIE AND .fIAPTISTE.. Y DEOCKLES WILSON. I oxcr Enew two industrious meohani8s namoedPierreand Baptisto. Theydwelt in a ramshacklelo tenement at Sault aux Beolronil, where each had half-a-dozen childron to support, besides their wiveso; who, it is grievous to relate, were drones. They wero only nominally acquainted with that godly art com monly associated with charwomen. Piorre and Baptisto were hard workers. They woriked fir into the night, and, occasionally, thin mists of dawn had blegun to breakl on the nor row city pavements before theirlabours would cease. No one coull truthfiully say that theirs was not a hard-oearned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain. It depended largely upon the police. It was early one lovember that this horny- handed pair planned theo iur glary of a certain safe located in a wholesale establishmenout in St. MIark street. On the particular evening that Pierro and Baptisto hit upon for the deed, the head booklkeeper had been having a wranugle with his accounts. "I can't makel head nor tail of this e" he declared to his employer, the senior member of the firm ; "yet I am convinced everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has beeoon carried over from each daily footing, but whlere the error begins or ends, I'm blessed if I can find out." The fact was that the monthly sales had boon unusually heavy, and a page of the balance had been mislaid. The head boolrk.kleeper spent upwards of an hour in easting up both the entries of himself and his subordinates after the establishmont had closed its doors for the day. Then be went home to supper, do. terminod to return and locate the do ficilt, if lie didn't got a wink of sleep till morning. Book-keeopers, it must be borne in mind, have highly sensitive organisms, which are susceptible to the smallest atom reflecting upon their probity or skill. At half-past eight the book keeper returned and commenced anew his critical onlculatious. He workeod precisely throo lbours and a-half; at the end of which period be suddenly olapped his hand to his forehead and exelaimsd: "Idiot I Why havenou't you looked in the safe for a missing shoot ? Ton chances to one they have been im properly numbered i" He turned over thebo pages of the balance on his desk, and, sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designa tion in the upper left-hand corner which should follow eleven was mis sing. Pago twelve, in all likelikood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safo. The safe was a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, doctmoents, and several day receipts in oash and drafts of the firm. The head bookl-keeper, in his of forts at unearthling the lost page of the cash balance, was obliged to in trude his entire person in the safe. Fearful lest the candle he hold should attract attention from the street, showing out as it did against the black recesses of the safe, upon entering he drew the door slightly ajar. As he stopped in tie tail of his coat caught on an angle of the huge riveted lock; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no more than a pound, and the book-keeooper was a prisoner. Heo heard a resonant click-that was all, His candle went out. The book-keeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a caged animal. He first exerted almost superhuman strength against the four sides of tie iron tomb. Then his body collapsed and, not for an instant losing consciousness, he found himself sitting in a partially upright posturo, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at the same moment, although hours seemed to have passed, that the drum of his ear, now abnor. mally sensitive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous claugour rent the interior of the safe. The book-keeper used to observe afterwards that a single second's dovi ation of characteristic thought and he would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed collapsed. But a weakler man can never confront the inevit able, but clings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weaser indivi dualities who, in thbo noat of drowning, catch at straws. As the book-keeper felt himself gradually growing faint for want of air to breathe, his revived hope led him to deliberately crash his fist into the woodwork w'ith which tie interior of the safe was litted, in secretairs fashion, one draweor being built above another. This gave him a few addi tional oabis feet of air. As may have beeoon conjectured, the noise which smote the book-heaper's oar was that of a drill. Although acutely discerned within, the sound was practically smothered by the out side of the vault. At one end of the drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, in one of the stoeel panels. At its other end was a heavy, warty fist, part of the anatomy of Baptiste, the industrious mechanuia. Baptisto held the drill while his comrade, Pierre, pounded it in. Soon the two burglars became aware that some sort of animal com motion was going on within thle safe. It nearly drove them into convulsions of astonishment. Baptists was so startled that he dropped the drill. "It is a ghost," lie said. Baptisto was for throwing up the job uncompromisingly on thebo spot, but this proposal mot with obstacles. His follow-worl;manu, who was of stiffer courage, rejected it with acorn, as savouring too much of the super etitions. Pierro had a large family to support, he argued. He spolo frankly. They could not afford to throw away the opportunities of Providence. To his friend and co-labouror thebo burdon of his remarks was:- "Ldcce! Go hon I You make me tired viz yer ghosts an' tings. Lot's not have no beast foolin'-seo? Do job is commence ; Adllous!" The upshot of this was that lPierre and Baptisto wont baok to work. At I the third crack of the drill, Pierreo orossod himself, and said "Baptisto, doro's a man in dat safe I" B1oth men grow pale as death at the very suggestion. Baptisto, for instance, was so frightened he couldn't utter a syllable. Hils tongue olove to the roof of his mouth. However, Pierre, as usual, was the first to re aovor. Hlo applied his oar first to the look and thnou to the drill-hole. " Hey, in loreo " he cried, yet not so loud as to be heard on the sido walk. To this there came a faint res ponso-a very faint shout indeed as if it woro a mile away : " For God's sako, give me air I I am locked in here. Try and burst open the safo i" The two burglars did not stop to talk, but went at once to work as if their lives depended on the result, instead of the life of the mysterious occupant of the vault. In less than four minutes they had a hole, someo what smaller than the business end of a collar-button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pierro and B3aptisto paused to wipo the sweat from their brows. The man inside breathed. It was now that the pair began to muse on the dduouemont. Could this be a member of the firm or an omployd ? This hypothesis jeopor dised the success of the night's adven turo, unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they bound and gugged him into silence. On the other hand, this course would have an ugly look. If he resisted it might mean murder in the end; whereas, if they did not lot him out at all, they would stand no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the safe. Besides, as the man could scarcely live thus until morn ing, they would he responsible for his taking off. Thus reasoned Pierre and Baptisto. Those wore not highly comforting reflections, but there was still another and a bettor in reserve. What if, after all, the man himself were a felon 1 Mlight he not be a companion crib cracker ? In that ease they would merely have to divide the opoils. " Hoy, in dora," orion tlorro, sud douenly struck with an idea, "~What is do combination hof do safe ?" " Fifteon-thros - seventy-three I" came back in sopulchral tones. Thus it transpired that at theo expir ation of fifteen seconds the look of the vault gave back the same resonant clilck it had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanks to the timely advent of Pierre and Baptisto it opened as lightly, as airily, and as decisively as it had closed 4180 seconds before on the unhappy accountant. The head book-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stopped out into the free air. He was very pale and his dress was much rent and disordered when his foot touched the floor. But this paller quickly made way for a red flush at perceiving the two burglars, with the implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptiste themselves stood transfixed by the sheer novelty of the situation. Without any kind of speech or warning, or without making any at. tempt at bravado, the book-keeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an eleotric-call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the aotion, he opened a drawer, took out a revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal proecision. As he did so he uttered those remarkable words: "Gentlemen, I would indeed be the basest of men if I did not feool pro foundly grateful for the servioce you have just rendered me. Ishall always regard you as any right-minded man should regard those who have saved his lifo with imminent peril to them selves, or which is just the same to their liberty. Any demand in reason you makeo of me I shall makeo an rffort to perform--but my duty to my em ployers I regard as paramount. I have accumulated a little money, and with it I propose to engage the best counsel in your defense, which is certainly marked by mitigating oircumstauoes. If, on the other hand, you are con victed-" IHeoro the offieoors of justice entered, having brolkeon open the door with a crash.-Strand Mainazine. 