SPIRITUALISM: WHAT IS IT? TRUTH OR IMPOSTURE? Ancient and Modern Spirit- ualism. Researches and Enquiries. Beyond the Curtain. A Dip into Science. No. 5. [CONTINUED FROM LAST SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] "Oh for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still." Thus far have we evenly divided our attention between evidences which suggest the probability of spiritual manifestations, and the exposure of professional imposture. We propose now to briefly turn our atten- tion to the question whether manifestations from another world are scientifically pos- sible, and so to redeem the promise we gave in our last article. This living world is separated from the unseen by as it were a great curtain—a veil which hangs suspended athwart the whole of life, a dense opaque cloud, impalpable and impenetrable as the evening midst which swarms up the valley and mantles round the hill sides, and like it screening from us every glimpse of the landscape beyond. A landscape did we say. Yet who shall tell as whether there is aught on the other side of that awful curtain which receives the spirits of our dead ones, but oblivion; who shall tell us that the forms we have laid in the dust and fondly imagined have gone through the veil into a bright world beyond have still the warm life blood pulsating through their veins and walk in keen intelligence and rap- turous joy amid fair fields and happy people? In a sober and utilitarian age we laugh lightly, and yet a little sadly, as we put aside the thought of another world where our dead may live again, and though we wistfully hope that these things may be, we wait half reluctant half expectant for some visible moving of the mobile curtain. But the grey and grizzled fathers of science look scornfully down upon us and mutter "Oh! generation of fools, there is nothing beyond." Nothing beyond? And yet every page of history, every torn and stained and blotted scroll of life, aye, and every people of every clime and age, are steeped in the "hallucination" that there is life beyond the curtain, a life which can manifest itself if need be to mortal man. The martyrs— heathen and Christian—died with a gleam of fire which seemed to shoot its lambent rays out from that curtain on their faces. Our loved ones have sunk into their death- sleep with joy upon their lips and a smile upon their faces, as they broke through the curtain; men and women had dared, and loved, and toiled, and died in the certain knowledge, to them, that their strength and hope was but a dowry from the invisible world. This has been the inspiration of every grand movement in the progression of the human race; this is inscribed on the written records of earth's family; the whole testimony of man, expressed in his history, written in his religions, intertwined in his poetry and romance, bound up as in the breath of his life, is inseparately con- nected with a belief in a great world beyond, radiant and joyous, and peopled with an immense multitude who once trod this earth world of ours. Science shakes its head and says, "Not so; these are but idle fancies of the imagina- tion prompted by earthly images." But then science, or rather scientific men, are not infallible. Granting that scientific knowledge has become vastly more ex- tended and more exact, does it yet compre- hend all that there is to be learnt? Two hundred years ago the science of that age would have laughed at the notion of steam becoming the motive power of the world. Fifty years—twenty perhaps, it would have demonstrated the scientific impossibility of men speaking together as face to face a thousand miles apart, as to day they actu- ally do through the telephone, or of the very voice of the dead being preserved on waxen tablets. There may, there probably are, very large truths as yet unguessed at looming in the future for science to grasp. Let us get down to the bedrock of the question and assuming that there may be a spirit world ask if science absolutely de- clares that there can be no communication or any visible and tangible manifestations from it. And here let us state a bold theory, one which if proved will permit the possibility —we do not say the probability—of every so- called spiritual manifestation, of every miracle, of every supernatural appearance since the world began, and which accounts for the whole of these phenomena on a perfectly intelligible and natural basis. Not that we ourselves framed our theory first and tried to make facts fit with it, but because it is easier for the reader to follow the proofs when seized of the theory first. 'Thin air" so often alluded to by tellers of ghost stories is one of the finest material things commonly known. The atmosphere, in fact, in which we live and breathe pentrates everywhere and is so light, so impalpable, so mobile that we move in it without inconvenience and usually without realizing that we ate in a sea of gaseous vapour. But there is yet a finer fluid, if we may use the term. Astronomers are ac- quainted by deduction with ether though they cannot consciously touch or see it, just as most people are aware of the exist- ence of electricity though they have not seen that fluid itself. Ether may be roughly defined as the medium which fills space, in which the stars and other celestial bodies float, and which transmits light and electricity be- tween the heavenly bodies. Naturally the exact properties of this medium are not known, though there is no reasonable doubt as to its existence. From it presumably are gradually evolved those misty gases forming nebulæ gradually consolidating into fiery fluid which as it cools resolves itself into solid worlds like ours. These are the hypotheses of scientific men—not ours. And it follows that the ether, which is so fine and impalpable that it may penetrate everywhere must contain all the elements from which the material world is formed. Spectrum analysis demonstrates that the other bodies of the heavens, even the faint and far distant nebula, contain the same essential properties as the earth, such as iron, in a fluid or gaseous condition. We have then to suppose that which scientists accept as a fact that Nature is capable of producing the "everlasting hills," the iron ores, the rocks and stones of earth out of a fluid present everywhere, yet which is too thin and fine to be detected by the most exact tests. But this process occupies long ages of time. Countless millions of years pass by while a habitable world is being evolved. But if we can comprehend a quickening of this process—and there seems no limit to the operations of nature —we may conceive that a solid body may be evolved in our midst out of the ether which surrounds us, instantaneously. And why should this not be so? Are we so accustomed to call the hills "everlasting" that we forget how quickly the breath from the hidden fires of the earth will swallow up a mountain and melt it anew. But really material things are far from being so stable as we popularly suppose. Take a piece of coal and throw it upon the fire. In a few brief momenta of time there remains simply a few ashes. Yet the coal formed part of a dense forest millions of years ago, and has been lying in the bowels of the earth all these long ages. In less than half an hour we can destroy that which Nature took so long to create, and render the coal back into those constituent gases which have once again mingled with the atmosphere. Now if it is thus easy to transform in a few minutes a substance so material as coal into gases which form a part of the atmos- phere, and from which it was originally created, might not Nature be capable of creating that substance anew in an equally brief space of time. Here is an interesting experiment which illustrates the point. Take a piece of silver —say an ancient coin which was brand new when Cæsar ruled the world, and which lay in the veins of mother earth as a solid metal long before Adam tilled the eastern garden. This surely is solid and material enough. Now place it in a china saucer, pour a little nitric acid upon it, hold it over a clear fire and let boil. In a few minutes it has dissolved as easily as a lamp of sugar in a cup of hot tea. Good! We have reduced the work of ages to a fluid. Can we re-create it in its original form? (To be Continued next Saturday.) 