THE MERCHANTMEN. The following are some stanzas of Mr. Rudyard Kiphuc'ri lost published poem, which appear in the tail MallUarrtt* King Solomon drew merchantmen Because of' his desire For peacocks, apes, and ivory from Tarshish unto Tyro . And Drake who backed La Quay. So stout of heart was be But we be only author once That was upon the idea. Coas^lne-cro«H--'cM--round the world and back again, Where the flag would hold up or the full Trad o suits 1 Flam-sail-«toiru-'-ail-lay your board and back again And that's the way we pay Paddy Doyle for his boots I By sport of bitter weather We to watty, strained, and scarred! From the kentledge by the kaUon To the slings upon the yard. ELx oceans had their will of me To carry all away Our (raise) a in the Baltic, And our booms in Mossel Bay ! "We've watched beyond (be Pro sets That took the Southern Pole, And dipped our gunners under 'to the dread AgulhaV roll. Beyond all outer charging we sailed where none have named, And saw the headlights, burning On stands none have hailed Our hairritz-od up for wonder, But when the night was done. There rolled the dead to windward Blue empty 'neath the sun. Strange consorts sailed besHo us (And brought us evil luck) 2. The waterside climbed our channels. And danced on by air and truck ; Till through the red tornado, That lashed up nigh to blind, We Now the DuWirnun plunging. Full case, as, hard to a raid. We heard the Midnight Leadsman That calls the best deep down. Ay, there was heard the Swimmer The cargo that may not drawn. On frozen meat and gasket The sleet cloud drum, other horses. When, manned by more than mined with us. We passed the Isle of' Ghosts ! And North among the hummocks, A bi-wüit-toäs bulow, We met the heat shallop That frighted whalers Know; For down a bitter declare, That opened as he sped, We saw dead Henry Hudson Steer, North by West, his dead. So dealt God's waters with us Beneath the roaring skies, So walked His higher uni marvels All naked neuroses But we "were heading homeward With time to lose or more, Goal Lord, they slipped behind us in the taking of caretaker Tbatt Let go let go the anchor ; O foods were wo and blind The wout was saved with bitter toil, The best we left behind ! CoiRtwise-ens «-Koa*-riund the world and back again, Where the law shall la 1 us or the Trades drive down i Plain <aiï-*-torm-i>ail-laj your board an j back again And all to bring a cargo up to London Town I 