CONSECRATION OF THE BIGHT REV. DR. DELANEY. IMPOSING CEREMONY AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, BALLARAT. {By our Special Reporter.) NBVEB in the annals of the church at Ballarat has 8t. Patrick's Cathedral been the scene of such an imposing ceremony as that which was enaated there on Sunday last when the Rev. Dr. Delaney was oonseorated by Archbishop Carr as Bishop of Larnnda and Co-adjutor Bishop of Hobart. The cathedral was filled in all parts by a congregation that was both large and representative, leading members Of the Churoh attending from various parts of Victoria; and the oeremonyof consecration,in which several distinguished prelates of the Church took part, was attended with every jjomp and splendour. This being the holy season of Advent, there were no decorations, either in the body of the church or on the altar: but this fact did not detract from the glory of the occasion, the oeremony _ o itself being of the most, solemn and impressive character. The high esteem in which the new prelate is held was fully marked by the congregation, who demonstrated by their numbers and tbeir earnestness their appreciation of the distinction conferred upon the young priest who for some years has laboured in their midst, and whose oheering presence has been a feature in their daily life. The ceremony was announced to begin at 11 o'clook, but shortly after 10 o'olook the congregation began to be seated, and soon it was difficult to get a place in the centre aisle. ARRIVALAX THE CATHEDRAL. At 10.30 three olosed carriages, the two fir being drawn by pairs of pure white horses, drove into the Cathedral yard with the distinguished party from Bishop's Palace. In the firstwere Arohbishop Carr, Dr. Murphy, Arohbishop of Hobart; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, and the Bishop-eleot of Laranda, Dr. Delaney. In the second were Dr. Reville, Co-adjutor Bishop of Bendigo; Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale ; and Dr. Barry, Vicar- General of Bendigo, the other members of the party being seated in various other conveyances. THE CEREMONY. A few minutes after 11 o'olock, the procession of acolytes and priests issued from the saoristy and took their places in front of the altar. They were followed by the members of the Hierarchy in full canonicals, Dr. Delaney following the Arohbishop to the sanctuary, having on his right Bishop Moore, and on his left, Bishop Reville. The ceremony of conseoration was performed by his Grace the Arohbishop of Melbourne, the Most Reverend Dr. Carr, assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Moore, and the Co-adjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Dr. Reville, while a number of distinguished prelates and priests were also present. Included amongst these were the Archbishop of Hibart, the" Most Rpv. Dr. Murphy; the hi hop of Sale, Dr. Corbett; the Rev. Dr. Barry, Vicar-General of Bendigo; Frs. O'Dowd, M'Elligott, Shanahan, Mead, and Barrett of the Ballarat diooese ; Frs. O'Connell, Walsh, and Nelan,'of the Diooese of Melbourne; Dean Beechinor, Archdeaoon Hogan, and Frs. Henneberry and O'Regan, of the Diooese of Hobart; while the laity was represented by the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, Dr. Kenny, Mr. Jas. Coghlan, Mr. D. Brophy, Knights of St. Gregory, and the Hon. E. 0. M'Devitt, who were accommodated with seats inside the altar rails. A short prayer was said before the High Altar, after which the Archbishop asoended the throne and was vested for Mass, Dr. Delaney proceeding with Bishops Moore and Reville to a table on the right, which was specially prepared for him. Here he vested in cope, and was re-conducted by the assisting bishops into the presence of Archbishop Carr on the faldstool. Bishop Moore, in a Latip formula, then aBked the Archbishop to proceed with the consecration. The latter aBked if the Papal mandate was to band. Receiving a reply in the affirmative, he ordered it to be produced and read, whereupon Dean Hoyne stepped forward and read, in a loud and distinct voioe, a Latin brief addressed by Pope Leo to " our dear brother, Patrick Delaney," authorising him to. prooeed to hiB consecration at the hands of any bishop in communion with the Holy See whom he might choose. At the conclusion of the brief the Archbishop addressed some prescribed questions in Latin to Dr. Delaney in regard to the artioles of Catholic faith to be held and the duties to be exercised in the episcopal ministry. At the conclusion of these questions both began the Mass together, and at the close of the Confiteor Arohbishop Carr ascended to the High Altar, Dr. Delaney withdrawing along with Dra Moore and Reville to an altar in his own chapel, where he simultaneously went on with the portion ol the Mass np to the oonclusion ot the Epistle. He then oame again before Arohbishop .Carr, and, after a short prayer reoited aloud by the latter, lie prostrated himself, all the bishops kneeling while the Litany ot the Sairitswas being reoited. At the oloBe of the Litany the Book ot the Gospels was laid upon hiB shoulders. hen took plaoe the imposition ot hands by he,consecrating, and assistingbishopB, who used the words, " Receive the Holy Ghost." Afterwards the rite ot anointing the bead and palms ot the hands with chrism was proceeded with, and then the episcopal ting was blessed and pat on his finger. The orozier waa committed to the new bishop, and finallythe B&ok; of Gospels was put .into his hands. , ' • Dr. Delaney theii rotoeonsearatea, ana ie ceived from the bishopB the kiss of peaoe He proceeded again to his own altar, continued rimtfltaneonBly with bfchop th« Matt t» the offertory. Returning, he presented the Arohbishop . .... with two * lighted if-ui-j torehes, * «--- two * loaves (one gilt and one silvered), and two small barrels of wine, likewise silvered and gilt. From this forth both bishops continued the Mass at the same altar, partaking of the communion of the same saored species. After Arohbishop Carr had given the usual blessing at the close ot the Mass, Dr. Delaney received the mitre and gloves, and was solemnly enthroned by the bishops, who now retired, leaving him on the episcopal seat. The hymn, "Te Deum," was intoned, and, while it was being sung, Dr. Delaney, aooompanied by Bishops Moore and Reville, went down the centre of the church, imparting the episoopal benediction to the congregation. As the new Bishop proceeded down the aisle the congregation fell upon their kneeB to receive his blessing, the scene at this point in the ceremony being unusually impressive. On returning, the newly-consecrated Bishop went through the ceremony known as Ad Multos Annos, and then, while reciting the Gospel of St. John, Arohbishop Carr and he withdrew to the sacristy for a Bhort space to put off their Pontifical vestments. Thus was the impressive ceremony conoluded. THE SERMON. The sermon, whioh was preached at the close of the conseoration, was delivered as follows by Fr. Rogers:— " Take heed to yourselves, and to all the flook over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops, to rule the Church of God which He hath purchased with his own blood."—Acts 311 L _ 1 of _ Apostles, 1 .1 chap, _T xxv., 28. no " My Lord Arohbishops, my Lord Bishops, t Rev. Fathers, and Dear Brethren,—To-day it has been your privilege to assist at one of the moBt solemn exeroises of religious ceremonial. By command of his Holiness the Supreme Pontiff, a priest has been taken from amongst you and promoted to a position of the greatest eminence, dignity, and authority. Henoeforth he will be a watchman on the towers of the Church to take his part in warding off any dangers with which it may be threatened, and to provide in every way for the spiritual safety of those who shall whioh inoigmj second to and venerated. )?ne of Sovereign i im /'this church toftay the Holy ^ down to sanctify and strengthen the Bishop-elect as really and as truly as when He descended upon our Divine Lord in the form of a dove, or on that day of Pentecost long ago when he oame down upon the Apostles in the shape of tongues of fire, and sat upon every one of them. " Lest, perhaps, we should overlook the significance of this occasion, or fail to realise it in all its meaning, the Church, in the various oeremonies which you have just witnessed, oomes to our assistance, and whoso observes and understands those ceremonies with their symbolical meanings cannot fail to have his mind brought back to the beginnings of the Church and to the origin of the Catholic episoopate. Therefore, I have taken for my text the words you have heard quoted,«Take heed to yourselves and to all the flook over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God which He hath purchased with HiB own blood.' These words were spoken by St. Paul on an imbe subject to him. As the episcopal ring signifies, he will from this day forward be united to the Church by a closer bond of union than heretofore. He will, as occasion requires, be entitled^ t&ke; hig.p.laoe and to make his voipe^hwAJ in> (the " Supreme Councils ij^ChtiroTi. In/, a ..word, by his oo; ition he becomes a rpem- ber of that;: lusfirjOiftr line' ,of Bishops CoBfinuily ranks/only portent oocaBifon, in circumstances the most nnoMno. ouching. ' Bound Rnnnd in the spirit,' soirit.' be he was on is way to Jerusalem, 'not knowing the hings whioh should befall him there,' save that chains and afflictions awaited him,' nd that all those whom he was then ddressing ' should see his face no more.' t was biB farewell discourse to them, nd, like all euch utterances, it was regnant of meaning. That ' solicitude or all the churohes' of which he speaks lsewhere weighed heavily upon him, for he Church of Epbesus had been founded nd fostered by himself. He bad ' preaohed o them and taught them publioly and from ouse to house, serving the Lord with all umility, amidst tears and temptations.' heir future and the perils that threatened heir faith moved him deeply. In order, therefore, the more firmly to establish that faith, be called together the elders of the Church and addressed to them the pathetic discourse related by St. Luke in the Acts ot the Apostles. , "LeBt they should be lulled by a fi sense of seourity, he takes occasion to wsta' them that a time was coming when thd" faith should be severely tried, that dangei of no ordinary kind loomed up in the future, that after his departure «ravening wolves would enter in amongst them, and that even from amongst themselves should arise men ' speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them.' '•The prediction of St. Paul was fully verified. The Churoh ot Ephesus • saw his face no more.' But a few years afterwards, while he was in prison for the faith at Rome, he addressed »u? e l8tl8 10 P Ephesians, in whioh the ssme eonjiiming £eal for tbej»t«ty o'thwr faith brea,ks forth, tn this epfifie he strongly exhorts the faithful ot that ohuroh to unity 'I therefore, a prisoner in the J.ord, beaeeoh you that you walk worthy of the vocation in which you are called canuol to keep the unity of the spirit in the bciid jot ; P?aoe; coo body and one spirit...ae ybn Wf 11 ® 4 ?"?« hope of your salvation, pn e J«ord, one faith, one baptism, a", who is above all Thrapwtle then proceeds to remind them thai, for the attainment of this wonderful tibity, the grace of God is necessary,' wetting in and lor us,' «but to every one of us is given grace aocording to the measure of the giving of Christ.' * And some, indeed, he gave to be apostleB, and some prophets, and other some evangelists, and other some pastors and dootore, tor the perfection of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ.' Thus we Bee that there is one kind of grace for the perfeotion ot the saints,' which is given to all, and is called sanotifying graoe.' On the other hand there is a speoial grace of the ministry, and this is the grace which has given to the Church apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teaohers for the building up of the body of Christ, which is His Churoh. " As a complement of thiB graoe Almighty God, in his infinite wisdom, occasionally bestowed the gift of miracles upon the more favoured of his servants, in virtue of which the Apostles wrought great wonders. But the work of the ministry is to endure as long as the body of Christ remains to be built up on earth; and hence, apart from these miraculous powers, there is an ordinary and speoial grace of the ministry, and this grace the Holy Ghost has never failed, and never will fail, to bestow upon those whom He calls' to rule the Church of God.' Therefore, St. Paul, in his epistle to the Hebrews, exhorts the faithful to be obedient to their bishops. 1 Obey your prelates and be subject to them, for they watch as being to render an account of your souls.' I annla And ' lnj later laf-A*. on, An when *l,Vian his Tlia life 11/a was man drawing to a close, he makes the duties of a bishop and his relations to bis elergythe burden of his discourse in his epistles to Timothy and Titus. He devotes a large part of theBe letters to matters of detail and guidance as to the qualifications required in those whom, by the imposition of hands, they would appoint to rule the Church o( God. He warns them against laying hands lightly upon any man, lest byBO doing they should become partakers of the sinB of unworthy ministers. "Behold then, my brethren, how in the poBtolio Churoh the intentions and instituions of our Divine Lord were realised and arried out. He bad selected twelve from mongst bis disciples who were to be His postleB and ambassadors, the pillars of His hurch. To them He gave the Divine comission to preach the gospel to every reature, promising that He would be with hem always, _ . that their labours would bring orth fruit and that their fruit would remain, He invested them with the plenitude Of riestly power, and in doing so clothed them with suoh a character and dignity as to ake them in a special sense His representatives, and to give His name arid authority to whatever they did or said. " And after His resurrection from the dead, when He was about ,to deprive the ,Chnrch whioh He had purchased with His blood of the consolations of His personal presence. He narrowed down this foundation still further to meet the assaults and dangers from without, and the influence of disruption from within, which are inherent in human nature. He obose one from amongst His apostles, and him He made supreme over His entire Church. To him he gave the perogative of' feeding His lambs and His sheep.' In the yeatB that immediately succeeded the Divine outpouring of Pentecost there was little necessity for the exercise of St. Peter's supreme pastorate. All the other apostles were equally filled with the Holy Ghost. They were. all consumed with like zeal. To all of them had been given the oommiBBion of tpreaching h the - A Gospel to every the world. All " «a<i had reeeivea reopived, nower power to found churohes and to appoint pastors. • Where the spirit of God is,; there is liberty,' without need of laws, because there is no danger of disorder. But,when their end was drawing nigh they beoame alive to the necessity of appointing sucoesBorB to continue the work of the ministry. They were solioitous to plaoe the guidanoe of souls, the management of the churches and the integrity of the faith • once, delivered to the saints' in safe keeping. Hence, St. Paul direoted the ordaining of fit priests and biBhops in every city, and in biB .epistle to the Hebrews in particular he exorted the flook to obey their prelates. He.says distinctly in the words ot my text that it was the Holy Ghost who had placed bishops to rule the church of Of oourse they had been ohosen by "* or some others with him, Aleazly that the graoe is in Timothy, for ythe imposition of a sacramental _^tural eflpot folthe special grace , Timothy to discharge _ hereceiyedthrough the imposition ,«f the hands of St. Paul. "And as towards the olose of St. Paul's life he felt the need of reminding the faithful to be obedient to their pastors, so in the oourse ot another forty years the various churohes—having now grown in numbers, and being exposed tothe danger; of dissolution and onslaught—realised the divine intention, and drew more olosely in each place aronnd the raleof 6ne chief elder or bishop. " About forty years -after the death of St. Paul, and only a few years after the death of St. John, we findthe great apostolio father, St. Ignatius, enunciating this doctrine of faith to the Churohes of Aaa Minor. The circumstances »««m. fr1r fhly*nrtKt 1ing almost a repetition of St. Fadl-fe>4iis address to the Ephesians. " St. Ignatius «rae Bishop of Antiooh ; he had been trained by the apostles thsmselvei, and Was in -£tttiouar « disciple of 8t. M». A pious tradition holds that qn the oooasion mentioned in saored Scripture when the disciples were disputing amongst themselves which of them Bhoald be the greatest, St. Ignatius was the little child whom the Redeemer took by the hand, using him to illustrate the words ' Amen, I say to you, unless you be oonverted and beoome as little children you shall not enter into the kingdom of Heaven.' " After having ruled long in the See of Antioch, being now an aged man, he was taken prisoner by the soldiers of Trajan, conveyed on board ship amidst the tears of his people, and sailing by the coast oities of Asia Minor, in the custody of rude men, at length arrived in Bome, where he was put to death for a testimony of the faith— < butchered to make a Roman holiday.' " It was during the time of his journey and imprisonment in Bome that he wrote those beautiful and touohing letters in which he fervently urges the people to cleave to their bishops, priests and deaoons. Hence even so early as this the necessity was felt of subordinating the priests to the bishops in every church. No doubt every bishop is a priest in the fullest sense of the word, and in peculiar oircumstances all those ordained might at the same time be elevated to the episoopal rank. Probably such was frequently the case in the beginning. "But that the priesthood should be subordinate to the bishop, and that such is the wisest and best method of oarrying on the ministry onoe the church enlarges her bounds, is quite clear from the almost Apostolic letters of St. Ignatius. Writing to the faithful of Smyrna he says:—' All of you obey your bishop as Jesus Christ obeyed His Father, and look upon the priests as apostles, the deacons however reverence, as the command of God,' and in another part of the same letter—' I greet the worthy bishops, the venerated priesthood, and my friends the deaoons'; and, writing to St. Polycarp, he expressed himself thus—'Attend to your bishop as being in the place of God to you. I pray for those who are subject to their bishop, prieBts, and deaoons, and I hope to have a share with them in God's kingdom'; and in his letter to the Ephesians he is equally explicit, as for instance,' That being subject to the bishop and priests you may be sanctified in all things.' Many other passages might be cited from the letters of St. Ignatius to the same effect, for in all his epistles he was careful to emphasise the superiority of the bishops over the priest. " But the extracts you have heard will be quite sufficient, when taken in conjunction with Sacred Scripture, to remove all shadow of doubt as to the divine origin of the episoopaoy and the subordinate position of the priests. I have said that the primacy of St. Peter had no speoial call for its exercise mapostolic times, and in the ages of persecution, yet of youthful vitality and freshness in the apprehension of apostolic teaching. The immediate intervention of the successors of St. Peter in' the appointment' of bishops was but occasional. It -was occasioned when grave interests were involved, as in the case of very important sees. There was unity of government and of consent throughout orthodox Christendom. Accordingly for some time the clergy and laity were used to suggest a fit and proper person for the episoopal office to the bishops of the province, assembled in synod, under the metropolitan, and he, if the synod consented, confirmed the appointment, and conseorated the bishop-elect. This was all done in virtue of canons or laws made to meet the case and approved by the Pope, and, therefore, suoh appointments in effect were made by the Holy See. In course of time secular princes began to usurp the place which the Church had aocorded to the people, and profiting by the ignorance and helplessness of the times arrogated to themselves powers in distinct oontravention of the constitutions of the Church. Then, when national churches and bishops were too timid to faoe the powers of the world, the true and supreme shepherd stppd forward. The Pope felt the need of aotion, and amidst the fears and remonstrances of weak friends, with every human bajoulfition against him, confronted th'e Cffisaraim of the times, and finally succeeded in emancipating the episoopal offioe from the 'datery into whioh it had fallen. Since the thirteenth century the Pope has steadily withdrawn the selection of bishops from the crowd, which is swayed by passion, and has refused to be bound by the nominations that emanate from any source, seoqlar or ecclesiastical. "The Churoh has had ample reason rejoice in the action of its head. He follows the admonitioi apostleB in making his choice, to the voice of the clergy, of the bishops, of the laity it theyohoc proach him, of governments, and not unmindful of the advice'that they to he promoted to the episcopate shoal a good testimony from' those who are out.' He hears (he voice of anyone in short, but yet the final choice rests with himself. Whence has chosen he deputes some bishop to* ooufer the consecration. Here to-day, before the Archbishop of Melbourne proceeded to the consecration, the letters of Leo XIII. were publicly produced and read authorising and ordering the act. In this we have the symbol and substanoe of. real union with the See of Peter —tiie oentre and eouroe of all Divine authority and jurisdiction inherent in the Churoh of Christ. The Pope has usurped nothing, bat his active interventioa has Been the boon of the Charoh, inasmuch as it has been the means of securing to the Church at all times the most fit and worthy bishops. The sovereign pontiff stands apart, and is not liable to be influenced by local, petty, or personal motives. His only objeot in making these appointments is to promote the greater honour and glory of God. Is it not then a great advantage for the Church to have a supreme and impartial authority, to whom all must defer in matters of this kind? " In the hierarchy of the Church, with its various grades and various offices, we behold the divine plan of Him «who hath done all things well,' who 'hath done all things according to order.' Nay more, in h;" - government with its different , different functions united mony, we see but a reflex At called the hierarchy of creation. " When in the beginnin hand of God drew all thingi _ He proceeded in regular progrL from the inanimate to the animal vegetable to the animal kingdom, from lowest forms of animated matter to the highest, from the creeping things having life inhabiting the great deep to man, His most perfect handiwork. In heaven there are hierarchies of spirits, angelio choirs, thrones, dominations, cherubim, and seraphim, powers circling'nearer and nearer to the great centre and source of all things. Moreover, in the realms of space there are systems and systems differing in magnitude and grandeur, as star differs from star, governed by eternal laws, swung there indefinite in number, and in motion most oomplex, yet all working in perfeot harmony. So that on reflection we find that the hierarchy of the churoh is but in accordance with the general design of the Almighty in ordering the world. " We may look upon it in a sense like the ladder beheld by Jacob whereon we ascend, by a gradation of hierarchial rank, from priests to bishops, from bishops to archbishops, from archbishops to primates, from primates to patriarchs, from patriarchs to the supreme pontiff himself, the head of the entire church, and from the pontiff to the feet of Christ. The dignity of the episcopate arises principally from the fact that the bishops are the successors of the Apostles, invested with the plenitude of priestly power, and called by Christ to rule the Churoh of God. Exercising this office, they enter more than others into the oounoils and purposes of Christ, and into the final pur-! pose of creation. Next to the venerated line of supreme Pontiffs, side by side with whom they come down from the days of the Apostles, there is no dynasty in the world to compare with the line of bishops, and to them, indeed, might be applied with almost equal force the words of the English historian in reference to the papacy. With a slight alteration it might be said that the proudest royal houses are but of yesterday when compared with the episcopacy of the Catholio Church. ' That line' also we can trace back in an unbroken series from the latest bishop, consecrated to-day, to those who first received the divine commission to preach and teach the Gospel of Christ. And at all times, according to the testimony of all Bges, we behold the episcopate worthy of veneration in its members who by their sanotity, their learning, and their love of justioe and right have done honour to their exalted position. As regards their sanctity, it will be sufficient to mention the faot that almost all the bishops of the early Church sealed their faith with their blood. They were martyrs. We have a testimony of their learning in the fact that all, or nearly all, the doctors of the Church were bishops. And as to their greatness, their love of justice and right, need I do more than mention the names of St. Cyril of Jerusalem, St. Basil, St. John Chrysostom, St. Charles Borromeo, St. Augustine, St. Ambrose, and, not to mention others, St. Thomas, of Canterbury, whose last words were—' I am ready to die for God, for justice and for the liberty of the church ?' Nor is the episoopacy without its perils and dangers ' I will strike the shepherd and the sheep shall be dispersed.' The bishops are the real shepherds, they are the watchmen on the towers of the church, and as such have been at all times most exposed to the attacks of the enemies of religion. We are told in Roman history of Tarquin, how, when his subjeots bad beoome disaffected towards him, his son, who had gained the confidence of the malcontents in order to i betray them, sent a message to his father to report the success of his plans, and Tarquin j answered not a word, but going out to the j garden cut down all the tallest poppies in ! view 'of the messenger. The eon understood the meaning of this message, and he pro- ! uaeded_at once to destroy or remove the : leaderso'Kthe rebels. So, too, has it been j »ith-the biahbos of the church—the weapons ; may change. In early timeB they were ex- ! wn^itft all the horrors of the oolosseum, i *y<ifiri>y the < swprd, wild beasts, and various other 1/ torments, or were obliged to jrsiona of barbarian hordes. | weapons are rather of the | the struggle of the Churoh is against the sceptical spirit of the day, principally manifested in aggressive infidelity, whioh evinoes itself in many ways. Yet the bishops of God's Churoh have all comfort and strength in the Saviour's promise that ' He would be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world,' and in the knowledge that they have received graoe from God in proportion to the dignity of their office. " In this southern land, too, we behold the bishops of the Church oarrying on the work of the ministry with a suocess whioh would be phenomenal and unaccountable were it not the work of God. The Church in Ausralia, like the goodly tree planted beside the unning waters, continues to put on fresh J eaves and to spread her branches idl ov#] he land, and under God that woodtffiil J development is chiefly due to the rule of a wise and worthy episcopate. " Are there poor to be relieved, the aged and infirm to be oared for, or orphans to be sheltered and properly trained? We have Catholic institutions whioh supply all these wants. Are there children to be educated ? We have convents and schools of the most exoellent character, wherein they will receive a thorough Christian eduoation; and for all the other various requirements of yonng and -old, we have various sodalities and associatiofls whose membership will go far to make ^hein^oodcitizens here, and enable them to obtftEfl afi^eternal reward hereafter. IV?' And; all this is principally dne to the '^wAtchfuI iare and unremitting energy of the oUs^paefors of the Churoh in this land, who IW^.iQ/their own persons give striking evijifemw of the spirit which has always animated the episcopacy. " And now I beg leave to congratulate the central figure in the ceremonial of to-day, the young bishop who has just been conseorated. Whilst you, my brethren, rejoice in his elevation as further tending to the greater honour and glory of God, yet your joy is not unmixed with sorrow, for now he is about to go from amongst you,' and you feel the loss most keenly. If this were the time or place to say the things that might be said, I could bear testimony at length to his manypriestlyqualities. Bat you recognise and appreciate those qualities in Buch a way as to render any remarks that I could make to a certain extent superfluous. He has been going in and out amongst you ever since he came to Australia. In all your interestsmaterial as well as spiritual—he is deeply concerned, so that he might say with St. Paul,'Who is weak and I am not weak? Who is soandalised and I am not on fire?' Time and again he has expounded for yon the gospel of Christ as only a man. of his powers of mind, general culture, and extensive erudition was capable of doing, Frequently, too, he has addressed a larger public through the columns of the periodical Press, on subjects of abiding Catholio interests, and in all he said or did you felt a not unnatural pride to have amongst you one who was so priestly, so cultured, yet so humble withal. For this and many other reasons your blessings and prayers go with him to his new sphere of duty, and I feel sure the consciousness of that fact will be to his Lordship a source of great consolation, My Lord, you are going to a diocese where still lingers the saintly memory of the good Bishop Wilson, a diooese fortunate in the possession of a supreme pastor who combines all the estimable qualities of the present venerated Archbishop., of Hobart. Yon will, I am co.nflclent, ^orthilyinajntain the tradition of /thjit'' jfllocese,' in all things showing an examme of good wor&s;, \n dootrine, in integrity, i&WMrilwA; « , , t " You will, 1 ygpturi to4feiai(Ai>reo^ive la hearty weleomV'ffain.U 16 olergy and jfo&V;/of Hobart, and in securing the se^ncei- o* J jaqjt-pfelate. For the reBt, am I not exjSfessmg the wish of all here present when I pray that your days may be long in the land, that your reign may be happy and fruitful in every good work, and that having fought the good fight, and consummated your course, you may reaeive in the hereafter that reward of which St. Paul speaks—' A orown of justice from the hands of the Lord, the just Judge?' " THE OHOBAL SEBVICE. A powerful ohoir of SO voices had been organised for the occasion, the Binging being of the highest order, some of the solo musio being excellently rendered, the ohoir master, Mr. Walton, wielding the baton, and Mr. W. H. WeBt presiding at the organ. The servioe was opened with the beautiful hymn " Come Let us Adore," rendered by basB soloist and ohorus, the solo being taken by Mr. J. Lake. * The Kyrie of Haydn's Impenal Mass was next rendered, the solo falling to Mrs. Byrne. The Credo was beautifully given, and was followed by Et Incarnatus, Mrs. Byrne taking the Agnus Dei. Dona Nobis completed the music of the Mass. THE DINNEB. At the olose of the oonseoration Bishop Moore entertained the company of distinguished prelates and priests who took part in the aerentony, also several leading layzgen, at dinner at the Bishop's palace, THE VZSPXB SERVICE. The Cathedral was again _ filled in the evening for the Vespers service, when the sermon was preached by Fr. Harrington, who delivered an eloquent discourse. _ The preacher took his text from Luke xvi., 24— "Blessed are the eyes that see the things whioh you see," etc. He dwelt at length upon the necessity of gratitude for the blessed saoraments, and referred in eloquent terms to the growth of the church, especially i in Ireland. The vefeper music included the psalms usually sung, the hymn,_ "Iste Confessor," an " Alma Redemptoris," for soprano, tenor, and b»B9; soli and chorus, The " 0 Salutaris " was, to music by Parker artistically rang by Mrs.Burrowes; and the " Tantum Ergo" (Rossi), for tenor and bass, was well given by Messrs. Barton and Walton. 