HOW T SHALL WE DE&JDE; HIS QUESTION jfn- . . , . , i , " ts the worse—to have no appeiUefor jr dinner, or to have no dinner /or your fipetHe'i There are lota of people on the one side or . uxe otner oi: tnis question. When » " good ueu ^ towards his meals. Bnt most of ns are not blessed in that way; we either have too much . , ... . . -. - food witbont „„ _ „ .. appetito without enough to m * * * . j g ferent folk will answer this question differently, e of It is that, within \- i 8 better to have an a^jronvo appetite without nxvuwuv a uiuuwf dinner, because, short of the _ _ • - I 1*.1 Btarvation w a hungry man is a healthy man whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the " ~ i? If the latter, why? mystery himself. He says, "In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all ^ ^ ^ fio tQ epeakj j di(j not, feel myself, ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ M that ordinary artiolea of d.'ct seem*l to lose their flavour ; the palate to put it m that way, appeared to have nothing to ^y to them. One thing was like another, was good. My tongue was coated \- , .. .... ana mrrea, with adftrk a dark line down tne the miaaie middle yellow fur around it. My bre^h was offensive and my appetite poor, with puins through the chest and shoulders, which wers alwavB always right ngus before oeiore I x had uau eaten anything. ^ s Then I was greatly troubled with wind. H would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it wunld choke me." We cannot wonder that under thete cir ;umstances our friend failed to do justice to hia meals. He adds that there was what he calls "apricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that tbe sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," ha eays, " the thought of eating, and many a Scanty meat have I made t for I was afraid to eat." "After a time I got into alow, weak, nervous ccndition. and felt miserable, as it something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something j ^ w i J ^ r r ? some calamity, such as the loss of his position, j hi, him. own death, This*waa or the due, death as he of intimates, somebody to dead the impoveri Ehed state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night to this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and uagoverned imagination. "With great difficulty," he says, "I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on. but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the Bame wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him whereat case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its oontents the ailmenleft me and has never returned sinoe that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have bsen employed* by the Midland Railway Company or eleven years. (Signed) " GBOBGE HUNT, " Car Bottom- road. " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 368,7,14 vz 