lI[EETING NIGHT. <The German professor, when he had fin .ished our lesson, and was waiting 'for the thunder shower to pass-for, though he had broughthis big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning-suddenly turned to us, and said: "It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold-".. We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story; he al ways began in this iw.sjy, without preface. " In my native village," he said, "' people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which ive call 'Meeting Night,' tand with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write thb'name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be. lieve this, but very few, ever try the spell. When it homes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather asolemtproceeding,especially in an empty church at midnight. " Orine man who had lost his sweetheart did it. They said he saw her, hut he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. " WVhen I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the past. I left in haste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz WYagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn-the pink dawn of summer. I can see Ihim now. stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. Hle looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word wsas given. I did ry best to wound him. IHc merely defended himself. Then tie lay on the ground at my feet, and my zecond hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a car riage awaited mee.' ' Go " he said. 'The quicker the betteri You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. TThe coachman drovre furiously. As for me, I was in asort of Idream. ' Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so!' I asked myself. Then I replied : ' lie decserved it. liHe de served it. I did well.' "The next day I left Germany. I came to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in tihe midst of the crest throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz NVagner. lie looked like a ghost-gray, hollow-checked-scarcely - more than a skeleton. "' You see it,' he said, as I elanced at him; 'I am dying. This is my addressc. Do not come until I send for yous but when I do, come at once. Swear it.' 1 1 My friend,' I said, let me come before that. Let me help you if I can.' S' No,' he said, 'no;' and turned away. surce m'tits aiterwards a messeagas came to me at midnight, and said "L' Fritz \Wagner has sent for you.' "I found him dying, but he had strength to speak. " Frederick,' lie said, 'I hare a confession to make. I lied hoabt 'ise r se. I was in love with hier. When I said I saw her kies Leopold and all the rest, it was true enough; but the Leopold was lher sister's little baby, named after your cousin. Youe understood that I meuant the man. I took my oath to toe treiti or my statemnit. For that, I am suffering the torments of the lost.' ' '* " With these terrible words on his lips, :he died. ' . ' And now remorse seized me. I. suffered naonies when I remembered my tuhe love.' Therese, and my dear cousin, Leopold." I of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Therese, who, if she lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up' to tie anthlorl ties as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied,' would be an expiation. "I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the ncxtsteamerfor m'y native home. S"I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving tie ocean. At last I relchied it late on the night of astormy summer day. ' I walked from the station to' the hotel, and on my way the lightning flashed through the heavens. -I passed a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great' pine was smitten. " I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. As I did so a feather fell from its broken wingand on thle instant it occurred to me that this'very night was the mystic Meetin; Night, and that it was with the 'quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition; but I was in a strange mood, and beyond shone the win dowsof the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. "I seized the little.quill..I turned my steps toward the sacred'dilice'. It was empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and far between. I passed up the.aisle, and: kneeling, took a knife from my pocket and cut my linger slightly ; then, having'pointed the little quill, I dipped it in my blood and wrote the-name of Leopold. 'The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of the Ipainted windows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard'a voice breathe my name-' Frederictk ' It came from above. I looked up: In the gallery stoodafigure all in black, save for a white hand upon its fore head. It had the face of Therese, but paler, thinner. Its white hands were hers. It stretched them out towards me, as in greet. ing. It waved them in farewell. It was gone. "A spirit had appeared to me-Therese's spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there-a sad, gray Leopold-but I knew him. I uttered his name. IHe answered "'Is it Frederick?' "'Ghost of my friend.' I replied, I have returned to mali e'xpiation. "Frit. Wnancr -lied to me, and so I left my love, and mur dered you. I have discovered the truth. I return to give myself to.justice. You shall be avenged, dear spirit. I'ray for me in heaven, and forgive me.'" "The spirit advraned. It smiled.: It seized me by the hands with a warm, living clasp. "' I will forgive you,' he said. "God knows I have forgiven; but as yet I only hope for heaven. 1 am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered in a little while. A jealous mr.n is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' " He opened his arms. I fell into them. We embraced. " ' But Therese 1' I said. Surely, it was her spirit that I saw.' "I saw it also,' he answered. Teercse is dead to tle worlld.' She is a nn in the con vent close at hand. After you had been gone five years, I asked her to marry me; but she could love but once. When her mother died she took the veil. On this an. niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. ' This is the iight 1 also come. And Therese looks down on me and smiles This she. esteems a sin, and expiates with penance; but I live on it thle rear through. To.nightse e saw cnly you. She forgot me. Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in leaving her l' "I bowed my hea in contrition, and just at that moment there arose from the dark gallery the soft.. sweet' sohin. of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. S"Together, standing,. hamni in hand, we listened. Then, arm in arm, we left the cathedral. "1 returned to'Australia .soon afterwaird. Leopold remained behind. Every year hec goes to the cathedral at twelve onl.Meeting Night--every year until the last lie wrote: S' I have seen her.; "With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you.!. * "Bt last year this is what he wrote: "'Sheis dead. I believe that shla will be yours iii heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity." 