CRICKET CHATTER. Bt L.B.W. Intercolonial form to-morrow. W. A. Eleven v. next fifteen. The Eleven minus Bateman, Bennett and Bird. The M.C.C. scored their fifth win this season. Frenmntle follows the Met3 olesely with four winB. Perth and West Perth are praotioallyout of the Cup competition. The Cutbuah Cup may remain in Perth, but it might also go to Fremantle. In the third and last round of the matches, the M.O.C. will suffer the least by the ab sence of the W.A. Eleven. Eleven M.C.O. players in the colony's picked twenty-&ix; ! Perth CO. supplies six, West Perth five, and Fromantlo four. Who is the new man, good enough to oome into tha next fifteen before Thompson, Selway, Sinclair, or Shaw? Captain Parker will require to watoh Freroantle in the match to-morrow weok. If this match is won by the M.C.O , that olub will have a decided lead in the cup mntohes, The omission of S. Thompson's name from tho fifteen is a glaring oversight. The young Fremantle bowler is just now in remarkably good form with the bill, and can knook up runs, too, when they aro required. W.A, Eleven form Saturday— E. Randell 16 and 6, A. Sorymgour 13 (not out) and 6, W. V. Duffy 9, E. Bifihop 7 (not out), A. Moffott 2 (not our), W. Back 2 (not out), and Horace Wilson 1. The outsiders— E. Ranford 40, Harry Brown 22, E. Mell 18 (not out), J. R. DaviB 9 and 0, S. Thompson 5, T. Cullinan 1, A. Selway 6 and 2, S. Biroh 9 and 6. Saturday's Bowling.— R. A. Piper 4 for 11, R. H. Orr 6 for 20, H. S. Darlot 6 for 33, E. Bishop 7 for 61, H. Shaw 8 for 25, H. Wright 3 for 26, 'W.T. Duffy 8 for 81, S. Thompson 2 for 87, A. Moffatt 1 for 17, W.Bateman 1 for 18, F. D.. North 1 for 82. The orioket on Saturday last was in tensely disappointing, especially the batting of tho Perth O.C. on tho old ground, 102 ?was certainly a bif» total to face, but Cap. taiu Doyle's men never made the ghost of a show, They -were beaten from the jump, and the mournful procession commenced as soon as the first couple of men suo oumbed. In tho second innings, too, tho Perth batsmen were all abroad to Orr's slow bowling, and fel easyviotims to nn inordinate desire for slogging, E. Banford's 40 on the Esplanade on Sa turday against the Fremantlo playors was a gord, if lucky, exhibition, and shows that in Ranford the Wests have a reliable bats man, who is always good for runs, provid ing of course that he isn't run out by Jack Kneale early in the innings. Of the West Perth eleven Ranford was the only player to make double figures, although Duffy was showing good form, and would have put up some runs, but for the stupid and unfair decision whioh gave Bateman a wicket, and dismissed tho ex-professional 1\. b w. Dnfiy, I am glad to state, is quite himself again, and promises to be in great form with tho leather during the approach* ing tour. Mr. H. S. Ranford writes concerning my remarks last week :—' I read your remarks re my bowling, in last nights Daily News. You are absurd this time, as I never bowled a ' grabber' in my life. Mine are well pitch ed lobs, with ii good break from leg— as you will see for yourself if you care to visit the ground any afternoon. Parker never could play my bowling, and never will. We were so^oolfollows 20 years ago, and al ways have been the best of friends, and lifce'y to remain so, Otherwise, I would not havo written about him as I did. We qu te understand eaoh other, I can assure you.' The bowling and fielding of the M.0.0 on Saturday was qu te equal to any per formance by Ihe oraok qlub this Benson. The inclusion of H. 8. Darldb strengthens the team in bowliug, and tho slow trund ling of Orr invariably comesoff.thelatter's aveiage in the Perth ma'ch being remark ably good. But the flolding of the Mets, always re'iablo, was exceptionally good on Saturday j every catch was taken, and numbers of runs saved. Witness tha fine catches by Hussey, Kelsall, Pipar and E. F. Darlot ! Hussey's effort seoured Orr the honor of three successive wickets— the hat trick is not often associated with club orioket now-a-days, The praotice match to-morrow promises to bo most interesting, although regret is felt at the absence of Bateman and Ben nett from the elevou, particularly the mM tyaym^tt was hoped that the York WM}, metiWtffif tor biing tho sub&efe;»j. Mftfii*'l^«Jii!te), w'ild have mamEy! ^Vtf t^Wjei^W oily orioketurd a t»3fg%Ij his' tfuifi%$i$$he pltvya-a seleoted*&*.- MobBi'S, Parker and Brown to formal* Fifteen n*o fairly representative, but the' Eleven Bhould have no difficulty in puttiu^' them through. If anything %y$Jli&Hta;' is weak in bowling, whioh faot nB WW North and Orr get set during th^^pp However, as the committee ariSauprnMtil aolo.ttboFif oonwillboiu tlJ&WnT;$«a? the error (if it be one) of not including more bowling will soarcely be folt, Thomp son and Selway, for instance, might easily have bofin included, Thoroatoh willuoin menop at 1.80 p.m., aud a good afternoon's orioket should result. Notwithstanding that the W.A. Eleven has been finally seleoted, letters on tho eubjeofc are still appearing in tho news papers. The utility of thesa effusions may be seriously questioned. The seleotion committee has done its work, and no pos sible good can result from tho. discussion now. Personally speaking, I do not think that the eleven is altogether perfection. I would have preferred to have Been J. R. Davis in the team in place of Bird. But it must be admitted that the eleven is a thoroughly representative one, and that all our leadicg players, with the one exception named, have been included, The eleven having therefore been fixed and deter mined, this is not the time for fault-fin-iing , rather should it be the desiro of cricketers generally to do everything possible to facilitate progress, and to aid the under taking. The peleoted players will lo-ue here about the 17th inst., and t-xpeot to ar rive at Adelaide on the night of Tuesday, the 21sk?y I learn with much satisf'ction that Mr. North anticipates beins able to arrange a match with the Adelaide olub for Thursday and Friday, the 23rd and 24th, whioh will be exo^lent praotioa for the eleven, and good preparation fo? the first test match, whioh commences on the Monday following. The first matoh is in every way a most important one, as it p?r mits a fair trial of our bowlers' prowess on the turf wioket, and it will materially help in guiding the matoh committee in eeleot ing the phyers to stand «ut in the test match following. It would indeed have be n a pood thing if a couple of olub matches had been arranged before the big ovont, but as this is impossible, Mr. North hus done the next best thing in saueezing a fixture into the fow day* prior 10 the match with an eleven of South Australia. 