WAS IT A GHOST THKY SAW ? Mrs. H. H. JonninRS livoa at No. 211 Main stroot, Bridgeport, aud Miss Miunio Parrot boards with her. The Iioubo ia an old ouo but in: good ordor. One night oarly in JJoeeinber (1891) tho two women lookod all the doors and went to the theatre, loaviUK not u soul in tho houso. They left tho «aa buruiuif. boivuver. in thn Irmif. h.ifW a* about half-paat olevon they roturnod.'nud entered the houso laughing and talking. 'But aa thoy wont into tho parlor the inorry humor died out of them hi a second, ltight iu the middle of the room, stood a dark man of gitjautio ataturo. The uppor part of his face waa concealed by a mask, his oyoa L-loaraiuc through tho oyeboloa iu it. His shirt'slee'vos woro rollod up, and in ono baiid ho carried a lonp, old-fashioned pistol. Tho woraou fled screaming from the room, and when ilr. 'Jointings camo in Qvo minutes lator ho fouud lio one iu tho parlor aud all tbo doors and -windows securely locked.' What was it tho women Baw ?.'..'. 'During a rocont period of ill hoalth ' writes au Amorieau friend, 'I had hlopt badly for several anooosaivo nights. On tho fourth ofthoso liiKhto, about two o'clock I was uuddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like tho calling of my name ; and at the foot of tho bed stood tho image of my mother just as aho looked five years boforo, as she was loaying homo to go onajournoy' on which journey she was killod.in a railway disaster. I Bcroamod and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and tho local old women gossipa aaid it was a summons, and I would uevor got well. Yot I did, and am in perfect hoalth now. I boliovo that vision camo of my weak nerves, for I've uevor Boon it siuoe, and it'H more than three yoars utro now.' No doiibt it waB tho nerves. Why, there's no end to tho tricka tho norvoa will play off on you whon yonr Byatem is ont of condition. In March. 18U0, it was, that His. Jauo Foster, of Darnioott-road, Pokoadown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— 'f waa no dreadfully 'norvdua I could - uot boar anyone iu the room with mo yot I did not wish' them far away iu case 1 should call out for holp. This was in Juno 188U. I slopt vory badly, and in tho mornino folt littlo the hotter for having gone to boil Tboro was often a aovero pain iu my head ami ovor my eyes, and I was eick moat of the timo. My ekiu-waa dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowela felt cold aud doad. ily and-byo I had to lio Imlpluss in bod. The doctor said ho didn't know whutmy complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain uvoir that ou my stonmoh. By thia timo Iwas nothing hut akin anil bone Mij memory completely lailed. My -head aobed ao dreadfully I thought I Bhould lose my Hanson, .and - uiy friunda agreod that I would novor got bettor. '?'??. 'I liad civen np all bopo, whon ono dav Mrs. West, of Bouruomoutli, called and nstS' what I was taking. Sho loid nie she waa Imrrf self oiico just as badly off, and waa ourpd.bK, Mothor aeiKers 'Curatire Syrini. Jisislioj soemed to havo so much faith in this medicine I tried it, and in throe days I was abhi't6'v,valk across the room, aud by tho ond of tlio ivb-rtc I weut dotvnstaini. Now I am aa woll aa over. I can oat and digoat my food, and all my nervousuesA haB loft mo.' W- - . ? . , . . ; uji vll;. Tho uiulady Mra. Foster suft-jr.oii' from was indipoetion and dyspepsia lind-Vervaua pros tration. The original oauao jwaa grief and shouk at tbo violont death of bur huabaud, by accident, and the system rallied only when tlio Syrup had (jivou now. vigor to the dijjun tion aud thus f«d and toued the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains trno that most uncanny; visions, and suuudu nioiin nothing more or leaa.tlmn a sot of nerves all upset by ihdipostion nud dy«|)O]-oiu. Ghou U oouie from the inside of tho porson who Boes tlicm, and whou: Mother Seigel'a Syrup does ita work tho oyea and eara ontortaiu only what is natural and wholesome. ' .'.', ? Tho AEaooIatod Club's pony moo meotiag will bo huM at Warwiok farm to-day. To-niRht tho usual popular programmo will be subinitted at Lillio Bridgo. Spooial trams aud 'buses ruu from tho oity, aud tho first event ia timed for B. IB. It is a faot not gonorallv known that Walter Tyler, who uo.t train* Brooklcigh, won the A..T.O. St. Lopor 22 yours r^o on tbo book of Willy Uogau's Lndy Cllfdnu. That popnlar turf writer tho ' Old 'Un ' is now at Citulflold on bulmlf of the BrnD o' Fkekdo.m, and bin liimla from tliu course (by wire) will ajipoar on Saturday neit. ON'K 11OXOP CI/AKKK'S I) i\ 1'ILI.S lunar rantod to cure all flibclinr*rofl Irani lh« Utiuiiry Urgai,«, Iu xltlior rex, Urnvul nuj I'uln In tho buck. Ouarnnleod fr^« from Murcur/. Sold Iu lioxo, U Ikl iMick, hy all Chemiiiti unil 1'aUnt Modlom* Voiidgrs. Pol. I'roj.notort, Tni: Lin COLir akd IIidlahd (Jobii'Tli:! Duuo Co., LIdcoLq, ChiIukL* 