DR. BEVAN ON THE EVIDENCES OF CHRISTIANITY. On Sunday evening, Dr. Bevan preached to a large congregation in Trinity Congregational Church on the evidences of Christianity. The gathering in the church was one of the largest ever seen in a place of worship in this colony. Every seat was occupied to its fullest extent, and the vacant spaces on the ground floor and in the g tilery were closely packed with seats in order to accommodate the people. These came? from all churches in Perth, irrespective of creed, in order to hear one of the foremost preachers of the day. Probably, those in the church numbered fully twelve hundred, and outside several of the doors were collected mary who were unable to find seats within. The service was conducted by the Rev. E. Tremayne Duns an, the pastor of the church, and was followed by the sermon. Dr. Bevan took for his text St. John, i., 50, -a Greater things than these." After tell- ing how in this, and the versus nearest it, an account was furnished of the calling of the first disciples, one of them being Nathaniel, thee preacher point d out that Nathaniel received such evidence as Christ gave him, and on that made his confession of his Lord. Jesus then replied, "Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree believes j thou ? Thou shalt see greater things than these." Me who was true to the evidence he had received should receive more That was the law of Qhr stian evade see, the grant prin staple upon which human far is depends, and it was a matter of considerable interest and importance lies in these days, for he fancied, there were many of us who were a little bit inclined to think that as -we get further away from the beginning of Christianity, the far- ther we get away from the evidence a of the truth of Christianity. A man would say "' If I had been living in the time of the apostles and had been one of those who listened to the hotel and saw His miracle s and heard His parables, I should and would have believed it; but now the thing has become so legendary, it has so much of the traditions of the pulpit, It has been so disorganised thatonoc^n'e skill in those ages of history, how far the truth has not been lost, and I am disposed to be Very noncommittal on this question. I am not quite satisfied about those miracle?. The Bible, of course, has same very ex ' cellent reading in it, but still, it does not satisfy modern science. I am not w quite clear in the light of modern scientific and materialistic investigation and thought I am not quite clear upon these things and perhaps, after all, the evidence is not a very trustworthy one, and if the truth of the narrative is not exactly to be accepted, how am I quite sure of what the narrative tells? All those miracles and supernatural events I see nothing super natural noises says. Seasons come and go, tides come and go, there are various conditions of life fulfilled by all creation We are finding them out and explaining them, and may it not be that many of the miracles and supernatural stories, indeed, that Christianity itself, are very like those contacted with other religions ? And as I don't accept them, I don't accept Christianity. Of course, this we have is part of our life, it is part of the decency and common courtesy of life, and, when you go to the people who attend church, of course you can't very well refuse to attend church, and if there is a great function tak- high place, you, must show your respect to, eat sanction." He die not know whether ; we were exactly like the man Dr. Johnson said he had great hopes of because he always took his hat off, when he passed a church steeple, but there was a great deal of want of practical belief in us, a _ want of acceptance of the truth of Jesus Christ. He wanted to put before them some evidence of the truth of the church of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and apart from the things usually thought to be evidences of Christianity. They would look at it as it is, the common clear light of modern, practical life, i ask themselves if the evidence of Christianity was not stronger than ever it had been. To-day we see greater things than Nathaniel Shaw, and every age of Christianity had brought its own proof, and to-day There was a growing and a greater reason for accepting Christ and the truths of Christianity than in any other age, and there was a greater and more constantly increasing claim to-day than ever upon intelligent, thoughtful men by the name, and honour, and dignity of Jesus Christ. In the first place, he remarked that Christianity was a fact. There were some things they had to make familiar to the minds emen. They did not exist; they had not yet been established. Many of those new social matters towards which we are moving, many of those new conditions of political, perhaps family, and certainly, social life which seem to be coming upon us, as yet they are not here. There was the very fear and dread of the unknown about them. The fast that they were unfamiliar and did not exist made is all the more difficult for ustoaoeept them. It was worthy same with Christianity. Christianity safe. There is no greaper fact in the world today than Christianity. Wherever you went, whatever part of the world you travelled in, there you found it. He roared \- bered an American friend saying to him, after journeying round the world, that the most wonderful thing that impressed him was the ubiquity of the English flag. The Ameri- cans though a good deal of America, and wherever you went in the States you saw the stars and stripes, but when you got out of America year saw the English fair Asked wherever this great Empire was established. There is only one thing greater than the British Empire, and that is the Empire of Christianity. No matter where you travelled, there you found some signs and proof of the presence of Christianity. Christianity is. It was not a thing that one had to be made familiar with. He was not quite sure that in some cases it was not so familiar. It was one of the great commonplaces of the universe, like the sunshine we saw and the air we breathed.. Therefore, when you argued against it, you were not arguing against an opinion. When you refused it you were not refusing some hypothetical fact brought before you, but you were refusing the greatest fact in the world. Here we were on the other side of the world to that of road which it sprang, under different conditions and in a building upon which care, thought and attention had been lavished, and here in the centre to the city Christianity had its place. It would have no meaning but for the fact of Christianity. That building could not exist She was not for the existence of that common story, the gospel. So it would be every- where that day throughout the whole world, men and women meeting together in the name of Jesus Christ, as the great Light, the light that marked the coming of each day as it woke up men everywhere to praise the name of Jesns,and|men everywhere had united S ¿e great anthem, the theme of which had the name of Christ. But Christianity not only is it has been. It was no novel um Shiner They all understood the meaning of bashings. They might have some with a great deal of, what was bad in them and difficult to get rid of. They under Lowthian business. They saw over one prepares was established my way aw. Men did not put it up the $5Ve« they were They did not say " Established 1891," but if the firm had gone on for a century, and they could only say " Established 1793," there was a costs in weight about them, a certain influence carried with the weight of age. And so, Christianity is Hot only now, but it has been. What great interest surrounded those old buildings they HRW who they visited London ! He supposed there was no more interesting place in London than Westminster Abbey, and the was not on account of its architectural beauty, but on account of its age. It had stood for centuries ; generation after genera- tion had brought their great dead and laid them within its sacred walls. What forces thee great institutions had ! Some had no use whatever, but existed merely because of their age. Christianity not only is, but has been. The gospel of Jesus Christ is one of the oldest forces in the world, it is one of the oldest institutions of the world. Many other institutions that had been very tenacious of life had passed away. The feudal system had passed away ; long before that system, Christianity was a venerable and hoary institution. The institution of Mohamed, the prophet of Islam, had no power with the religion of Jesus j Christ. There were only one or two regions in the world as old as Christianity. Here it is to-day, not only a fact, but a fact of great unevenness, a fact that has abode in the hearts and lives of men during nearly two millenniums. Then again, it has stood wear and tear. All! other systems word out. Our bodies are v old. The buildings they stood in began to crumble, even up in this new church Nature had commenced his work of destruction. So it was eve ywhe.e-mon archy, aristocracy, all i his great -faith of the World, not only grew old, but showed signs of weakness, and got ready to penh and vanish into oblivion of the past. But Christianity has been and is to-day stronger and more mighty than ever. There was no sign of decay about it. There was a time when the great faith of the false prophet seemed to be more mighty than the faith of the Christian, but even the faith of Islam was at last smitten with the in evitable decay that marked all things human. To in were only two play as in the world today where No hamedaniem was living. There was an Arabic proverb which said, " The Crescent eau on by flourish with the palm- tree," and if they marked on the map the places where the palm-tree grew they marke 1 the limit of the religion of the Moslem. The "Crescent em only flourish where the palm tree grow-." There is no limit for the Cross of Jesus Christ. There is no crime where it cannot flourish. Everywhere where the feat of man has trod, the gospel go 8, and goes with power, and in every age, and under every condition, and in so j age as ours, and under no conditions such as those of modern civilisation has the gospel been so powerful and the name of Jesus Christ so mighty. They heard men talk sometimes of Buddhism. There were a few speculative and poetic minds in London and America who talked about becoming Buddhists. That seemed to him to be about the most ridiculous thing a man could say. They might as well talk about modern Australia becoming aboriginal. There faiths were dead. They were smitten at the heart, and were perished, they early died from within outwards. But where is Christianity dead P, Take the most living nation in the world, and - there you find where Chris- tianity is the greatest and most mighty. Take the races that are doing most in colonisation ; it is those who are carrying with them the Father -Jesus Christ. This faith of the Anglo Saxon, the Briton, and of the almost as great race that had established itself across the Atlantic; what was the great force that expressed itself, but that which expressed itself in the name and used the terms of the Lord Jesus Christ ? Take the States in the New World, and where, a decade ago, you heard the cry of the Indian, stately cities had built tbemselViOa up, and what were the finest structures,, what were the most potent influences, what were the fibres that were entering most deeply into the warp and woof of the life they were leading P It is that they are Christian. If you wanted to find where Christianity was weak you would find it amongst the nations that were perishing ; if you wanted to find it strong you would find it in the imperial and dominant races of the world. It is younger than it was, fresher than ever it was, newer than ever it was, living with the strength that it never had in the days gone by. Then there was this remarkable fact, that in nations where there had been decay or less, it had always recovered itself from within. They would find in the history of other religions they had died, or had received new life or revivification from without. It was never se with Christianity. It had grown weak and had decayed in some directions ; but wherever it had taken place, there had always been a revival, and wherever that had taken place, it had not been something else, but it had gone back and would do so. An illustration of this was to be found in the rate which they would be celebrating in a few minutes, when they gathered round the Lord's table. That service was a recovery in Christendom of the very form in which they should celebrate it, of the old form of the life in the old primitive church. He had seen this service of the Lord's Supper performed with all the majestic and symbolic resources of the Greek Church. He had seen it under the great dome of St. Peter's, in Rome, on Easter Sunday, upon the occasion, he presumed, of the most wonderful religious rite that is celebrated in the world. And out of that splendid and ornate service of the Mass, Christianity had restored and recovered the old symbol of the Table of the Lord. He was not going to discuss whether the service of the ritual of Borne was right, or whether their form was a true one or not. All he wanted to show was that Christianity in its life and vigour, when it had changed and in many cases lost itself, had come back to this simple form of service which throughout the length and breadth of Christendom was celebrated in this form. And then some dainty critic, some poetic person, some philosophic mind would tell him Christianity was dying that it belonged to some dark age, and that his intellectual mind could not accept it. Once again: Not only Christianity 4s, and has been, and has been unworn, and has within itself the elements of recovery, but it has met and conquered, and amid all opposition borne the test of each succeeding age. Let him remind them of the course which Christianity had run in this world, as it has passed from people to people and from age to age. It arose in the Orient. in Syria, a little band of men gathered in a poor room, and on the Pentecostal day the house in which they abode was suddenly shaken, and the Holy Ghost descended upon them. They went forth and began to preach to preach Jesus who had not been crucified, and had been dead and buried, and who, they declared, was risen again. They preached Him in the very city where He had been condemned as a malefactor. The gibbet had been erected, and upon that the prisoner was borne, and within a very few days, in the heart of that city which had condemned him to death, and in the presence of the men who had destroyed Him that little band of men of fishermen and tax-gatherers-declared that He was the Prince and Saviour of men. The pride and malice of the Scribes and Pharisees, who looked upon themselves as the chosen people of God, came down before the truth of the Carpenter of Nazareth, their hearts were touched, and five thousand were converted in one day. They go from Syria into Greece, and speak to the Grecian philosophers on Areopagus-, and are told they will be heard again. Meanwhile in Athens, Corinth, to Epheeus, up and down the Levant, the gospel spreads. Where would the Grecian philosophy have Ken had it not been for Christianity ? Where would Greek art have been if it had not been revived by the Christian Church ? Then the gospel goes on to Rome. The Roman in his pride says, " What is this we hear ? A new gear ? Quite welcome to same. We have our Pantheon. Isis, Osiris, and Ap's, they can all enter here. You preach a new deity ; the door is open : let him enter the great republic of gods." But we know it never went into the Pantheon. Talk to the younger Roman gentleman, and he says, " What is it ?" H E drives along in his chariot to the old basilica, or along the A S pian Way, cr goes down to Herculaneum, and Pompe i to enjoy the summer. " Christianity," he says, " it is one of the things that has come from the east. You know that philosophy regards that as absurd. No one dreams of religion now a days. Why, the very flames when they meet, have to look-one one way, and one the Other way, lest they laugh in each other's face. This Christianity of j ours, it in just as I thought fit for a few slaves or Jews." He goes on his pleasure in his imperial way, and in the meantime forces are at work that shall break down pagan same and shall produce something more magnificent than even pagan Berne itself. To-day, who is the master of Borne P Who has been the master of Borne for the last fifteen hundred years P Whvfc in the symbol which has shone most glorious over the E tea nal City ? It is the despised symbol of the Cross. The Cress which meant death, | not for the woman, but for the slave, has so vanquished the power of some that it is the most potent symbol of Christianity there, In the same strain the rev. gentleman continued for some time, tracing the spread of Christianity amongst Goths and Vandals, Briton and Saxon, Frank and German, abolish- ing the old Norse worship of Thor and Odin and Freya, and the terrible belief in Valhalla ; thence down the centuries, through the Renaissance, the Reformation, the teachings of the French cyclopaeaists * and English deists in the eighteenth century, until, awake once again with the simple teaching of the Evangelical message and once more are vi vendetta Church spread abroad the doctrines of, truth, abolished the slave trade, started once again great philanthropic movements, and attentive again in the hearts of all men, of the strongest men in the world, the name of Jesus Christ and His gospel. And this nineteenth century with a arts and its sciences, its philosophy, its practical wisdom, was revealing the name of Jesus Christ as it never had before. It was going down into the deep st depths where men had never gone beforehand those who went thither took with them nothing but the simple name and atJry,-*-*' the old, old story, of the Cross. And some preacher of the twentieth century would take the nineteenth century as he (Dr. Bevan had taken those that had gone by, and adatiçd_JtB_aventa-as- -evidences of the truth of the gospel of Christianity. Finally, it had won every enemy to be its friend. Christianity found in each new adherent a fresh argument for its power' and its truth. "But say some, s" J wish I could see a miracle. If I could only find an angel come down from heaven to me, I might believe. If I could only have Christ come into this assembly and speak to the water-cart ere 'He spake, it blush jd to ruby wine,' of any His hand upon' come,, fevered one and had the fever vanish-, I would believe on Him" There wet«agjodmany sciasesaadpharueas stilL who wanted a sign from heaven. We had a miracle. Water turned to wine! What was that compared with the power by which men) were turned from sin to righteousness The leper made clear I What was that compared to the fallen woman made pure, the . drunkard made sober ? There were homes in London, and in other great cities, into which Jesus Christ had gone, and changed ribaldry and evil into purity and salvation If they had Jesus Christ as their Lord and Master, and served Him loyally, there would be no fear for their future. Those who had lost their reputation, would find it again, if they put their hands in Jeans Ch ist and let Him lead, them. If they had lost their salvation, they would find it again, if they went to Jesus Christ. If they just made Him their Saviour, a miracle would be at once wrought in them. Everyone who went to the side of Christ was a new miracle, a fresh argument for the next man, and if each of them would yield himself or herself to the Saviour, they would be fresh arguments for the gospel. If the Christian Church were only to live for the Christian Church were only to live for one year as it should live, in all the power and grace Jesus Christ made coasts s, there would be no one in opposition, the world would be down at once before the might of the Saviour. He prayed each man and woman to be the director of some poor soul that was groping in darkness, and knew not how to find its way. Live the life of Christ, the life He made possible, and they would be better than whole libraries full of polemics and doctrines. The best evidence of Christianity was the life of Christian men and women. " Yea, the' father of the family, the children vçML fallow," said the preacher. " You, the master of the -buainW, your servants will follow. Yon, the ministers of the church-the people will follow. When we are the church of the living God if you are in reality what you are in name, the world will accept the Saviour. Oh, brethren, it is not in Christ there is failure ; it is not in the Divine there is weakness, or that in God there is any unwillingness, but it is in as there is the want of fidelity. There was once a fisherman who took his little lad with him in a boat down into the bay that ran in from the sea. His nets lay out some distance and he wanted to visit them. He left the little boy on the rock that was bare, owing to the tide having gone down. The lad was left there to fish and gather shells and wait for his father. The father went further down and did his business, and was returning, but faster than he could row there rolled up the tide, and with the tide there came a sea mist and settled down like a thick and heavy pall upon the waters, and before the man had reached the rock he had lost his bearings, and knew not whither to pull. The tide was running swiftly, and he knew the rock would soon be covered, and that his boy was there. He strained every power, and would rest upon his ears and try to listen whether any sound could reach him and let him know where his son was, and still the cruel mist hung on the sea, and the tide went running swiftly in. At last, in his despair, resting for a moment from pulling, he seemed to hear a cry. Pulling nearer in that direction from whence came the voice, he listened and heard Father, father, steer to me. He pulled towards it, and it came clearer and stronger, ' Father, steer to me ! Father, Steer to me ! ' He heard the boat's keel crash along the shingle on the rock, and the next moment the boy was in his arms, safe. He rowed homeward. - Sometime after, the little one fell sick, and a heavier mist came down, this that off Cap see of it was the meat of death. Bending over his child he said, ' Have you anything to say to your father, toy boy A ' Yes, father, said the boy. - r Do you remember the day you lost your bearings down in the bay ? Do you remember you heard my cry, steer to me, and you steered to a me and found me " Yes, boy ; what of that?' Only this I wish you would steer [to me now, father, said the boy, for the little lad had learned to know his Saviour. But the man knew not the Lord. The little lad passed away, and there seemed to come from the heaven, into which he entered, the cry, ' Father, steer to me I Steer to me !' and the father followed the voice, and found the Saviour. Oh, brethren, brethren, there is many a man on life's sea who has lost his bearing. Will you not call him and so;, ' Steir to me ?' You have found safety, and have found Christ, and if the man can only come to where you are, he will come to Christ and to peace. Brethren, be evidences, be witnesses', be living proofs of this living Saviour, and men shall see greater things than ever they have seen before. Be you the proofs ta-dayv-the-mighiiest evidences the world can have, of your faith, your love, your loyalty to Jesus Christ. May God help us all to bear witness. Amen." 