jli iiiiuiiu mli By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Ladv Audloy's Secret," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the anther. All rights reserved.] Chapter XL—{Continued.. 1 "You ought not to make sport ot weak people's fancies, for T am sure you don't: believe in ghosts," said Ailegra, leaning with one elbow on the piano, turning over pieces of music absently, a gracious figure in a sage green velvet gown, cub just low enough to show the fine curves of a full, round throat, white and smooth as ivory. " Not believe in ghosts ? Did you ever know a sailor who wasn't superstitious? We are too often alone with the sea .and the stars to be quite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland. I can see in your eye3 as you look ab me this moment that you believe in ghosts—believe and tremble. Tell me now, candidly—When do you most fear them; ab what hour of the day or night does the unreal seem nearest to you ?" "I don't know," she faltered, turning over the loose music with a faintly tremulous ges ture, v/hile Isola sab by the piano, touching the notes dumbly now and bheu. "Is it ab midnight—in the gloaming—in the chill, mysterious dawn? You won't answer! Shall I guess? If you are like me, it is in broad daylight;—between two and three in the afternoon—when the servants are all idling after their dinner and the house is silent. Y ou are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps with another room opening out of it, and a door a long way off. You sit writing ab your table and you feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or some one stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. You go to the window and look out into garden or street—for a town house may be just as ghastly as a country one —and then with a great effort you turn slowly round and face your terror in the broad, garish sunlight, in the business hours of the day. There is nothing there, of course, but the feeling has not been the less vivid. I know I shall be spectre-haunted at the Mount. You must all come and scare away the shadows. Mr. Oolfox, are you fond of billiards ?" "I own to a liking for the game. I play with Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter whenever I dine at Glenaveril. Alicia is a very fine player for a girl, and her father plays a good game." "Then you will come up to the Mount two or three times a we6k and play with me, I hope. There's a fine Thurston table in the hall, lb may be a little out of order, but we must make the best of it—and there's plenty of sound claret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two oE sehiedam that I sent home from the Hague." _" Mr. Coif ox will not make much impression either on your claret or your schnapps," said Disney laughing. " He is almost as temperate as one of those terrible anchorites in the novel we were reading the other day—'Homo Sum.'" "I am glad you pub in a qualifying 'almost,'" said the curate, "for I hope to taste Captain Hulbert's sehiedam." The captain expatiated upon what his three new friends—and his one old friend, Martin Disney—were to do to cheer him in his solitude at the Mount. "There is nothing of the anchorite about me," he said. " I love society, I love life and movement, I love bright faces." He would nob leave until they had all pro mised to take tea on board the yacht on the following afternoon, an engagement which was kept by Ailegra and the colonel; bub not by Isola, whose headache was worse after the little dinner- party; nor by the curate, who had parish business to detain him on shore. 