NOTES ON SATURDAY'S GAMES. BY OBSERVER. Saturday practically settled this year's battle for the premiership, and Essendon may get measured for the cups For the general feel- ing was that while Essendon had only a match to the good, a "fluke" or an accident might any day reverse the positions. Two accidents are, however, unlikely, and with Melbourne's unparalleled capacity for getting good men injured, the accidents are more likely to be further in favour of than against Essendon It is a pity in one sense that it should be so, for with six rounds of matches yet to be placed we should have something more to look forward to than merely good play. Otherwise than in having some good men incapacitated before the match, and others again during it, there was no suggestion of bad luck about Melbourne downfall on Saturday, for Geelong won under the same discouraging conditions as Essendon played up for their draw with the same team. The extraordinary feature of the match was that Melbourne should get 5 goals 2 behinds in the first quarter and never score afterwards It was a very fine game to watch-the ruck play in fair proportion only, and for most of the day that fast breezy football in which the individual has his chance. It must not be supposed, however, that because Melbourne never scored after the first quarter that the game was one-sided. All through it was close and exciting, and Geelong gained gradually by sheer persistency. The wind, curiously enough swung round at half time, and died away in the last quarter, so that not only Geelong but in several other instances the club losing the toss had rather the best of it in the long run. The individual play in the match was very fine. Just as it was palpable that without Burns Geelong could not possibly have won, so it is fair to say that Melbourne losing Christey's help in the second half lost the game also, tor, up to the time of his going into a place with an injured leg Christey had played a little better than anyone else on the ground. But, taking it all through, Burns was magnificent, and his splendid work in the last quarter, when Geelong won, will not soon be forgotten by those who saw it " Age cannot wither, nor custom stale his in- finite variety." In marking, kicking, and every clever part of the game he was without a rival. The certainty with which he and Houston played to each other was very fine When cleverness succeeds the crowd shout themselves hoarse in approval, when it fails, as fail it must sometimes, they are severe on the player who tries it and blame him for " showing off." With Geelong cleverness succeeded in almost every instance on Satur- day, and one series of exchanges be- tween Burns and Houston along the pavilion wing was the best thing in the match. It was hard to believe that the twenty thus playing the game to a man was the same twenty the players of which stood hopelessly looking at each other while the Melbourne forwards exchanged marks in the first quarter. It would be an injustice to the Geelong team to pick out any other men than Burns and Houston for special mention, for I have seen no match this season in which every one of twenty men did his work so thoroughly. For Melbourne, Christey, as already stated, played splendidly until accident stopped him, and his loss was irreparable in the ruck, Next to him Howes played perhaps the most useful all-round game, for he got three of the live goals, and worked like a tiger in almost every quarter of the field. Nor was Mel- bourne's defence at all weak, for every one of their half dozen on the back and half-back line played a good game, though Massey's fine runs and Healing's knack of being so often in the right place made them a little more valuable than the others, and for a colt Moysey was only a little way behind them, while O'Hallorans long punt kicks were very telling in the last quarter. A great deal of the attractiveness of the game was due to the pretty runs mode by F. Sheehan, though he suffered a couple of times from tripping. When a fast man is passing a slower one in a race to the ball and the fast one gets tripped, even a charitable man must assume that it was not an accident. Comparing the ruck, Geelong had something the beat of it, and the services of McKenzie, who was im- patiently looking on, were sadly missed by Melbourne. Melbourne have merely the melancholy satisfaction of knowing that they have improved their average for one of the numerous trophies by which the sale of some particular brand of whisky or tobacco is encouraged. "Over the was," as the two original Macs were wont to refer to each others grounds, Essendon had a pleasant and pretty game with St. Kilda, and won by ten to live not at all a disgraceful beating when it is remembered that thirteen of the St. Kilda twenty were juniors when the season opened. St Kilda play a model and chivalrous game of football, and under all the circumstances, perhaps, their Mar- shall's five goals was about the best thing of the match for his sixth shot also went through, but Watson, standing up to his mark, touched it. Thurgood also got five, but although he began with three very nice ones he missed some easy ones towards the close of the day, and was hand-fed very persistently by considerate fellow forwards. The three men who did the bulk of Essen- dons work were Forbes, Hall, and Vautin, and opinions differ as to which of the two first-named was actually best, though the St. Kilda men say that Forbes's splendid high marking upset them more than anything else in the game. The back are said to have been hardly up to the best Essendon standard, though Young and Chadwick did some very good work at intervals and the balance want- ing in that part of the oiganisation was finally restored by the addition of Watson. The absence of Officer and Clarke no doubt dis- arranged the defence. Crebbin played his usual masterly game as central rover, and Grecian on his one hand was seen to as much advantage possibly as any place man on the ground, while the two Kearneys were re- markably clever in the ruck, Gus especially being at his very best. Next to Marshall, who scored most of the honours in the losing team, Fitzpatrick was very prominent, and played, perhaps his best game of the season. Essendon were charmed with the stylish dashing back play of Rams- den, and ask for nothing better in the way of defensive football, while Phillips ran him very closely for credit. Fitchett made some really brilliant marks, but once or twice erred through a Youngster's over-anxiety. Alf. Smith played his usual effective game and Vautier, a colt from Windsor, made a first-rate start with the seniors. With colt on either side of him Shaw had a position of great re- sponsibibly in the centre, but bore it ably, and every man in St. Kilda's ruck played a good game. No match on Saturday was quite so keenly fought as that between Footscray and Wil- liamstown, who, being near neighbours. wished, like near neighbours, to annihilate each other, though not in a way that gave the umpire any serious trouble. The game was the best, it is said, ever played at Wil- liamstown, and Trait declares that the high marking and kicking was some of the best he has seen this season. His game was won by Footscray in the third quarter when they got four goals, and never gave the home twenty the ghost of a chance. It was probably their slightly superior strength in the ruck that gave Footscray the game, for in other parts of the field there was nothing to choose between them. In the beaten team, Dyson's kicking was something marvellous and Shanahan in the centre must be admitted the star of centre men as far as the second division clubs at any rate, are concerned. Kenny round about the goal played a fine serviceable game, and whatever he did was always to his side's advantage. The best man for the yellow and black was, however, Sheehan, who acted as "rover," M'Cubbin, through accident, being unable to take his usual prominent part in the game ; and next to Sheehan, Griffen was about the best man on the side. Ward, Grandon-who had to meet a good man in Hood-Murray, "Jasper" Jones, Brownlield, and little Page, who is only 7 1/2st, weight, all helped to maintain Williamstown's credit in a spirited game. It was a treat to see Fribbes handle the ball in the early part of the game, but he worked so hard then that he was fairly played out by half-time. Footscray have rearranged their positions with advantage. Powell playing back is a far better man than he was forward, and the vacancy there has been very thoroughly supplied by Chadwick, whose splendid kick- ing in this match was nearly if not quite equal to Dyson's, and he is a player who in all respects plays thorough football. Footscray, indeed, have been very lucky to get so good a man Footscray's defence was a rattling good one, for in addition to Powell, Kirk- patrick, Hawkins, and Coward did some valuable work there, though the last- named was scarcely ever at his best. Their centre line, too, was remarkably good, for R. Dick not only played well, but kept his team going all through, and his flankers, Hood and Molyneaux left no weal spot on the line, but Molyneaux was really,seen at his best when roving. Morgan was much in evidence forward in the last half, but Footscray in that part of the field still lack judgment and discretion. Their ruck, as already said, was tip-top, Tom Stranger being their hardest w orker there, but he was well supported by Nicholls, Lemon, and Walsh : while Pender not only did fol- lower's work in his own thorough way, but kicked a couple of goals as well. The Richmond people were rather dis- gusted with their team's performance against South Melbourne, for they played well at the outset, and got a couple of goals start, but then went all to pieces and allowed the South to do as they pleased. Richmond pulled themselves together a bit towards the finish, but it was too late then, for they were a beaten team. The South on settling down certainly played a splendid game and Kept a careful guard over a few of the Richmond cracks, notably M'Kay, whom Duggan had apparently been told to spoil as often as pos- sible, and he did it pretty often. Richmond had a further slice of bad luck in that their finest follower, Parker, sprained his ankle early in the game. In brief, however, Elms's captaincy and South Melbourne's superior ruck play had most to do with win- ning the match. Rover M'Knight was, as usual, an im- portant unit in South's close play, where, however, all the followers did well, the clever little Irvine crowning his performance with two goals. Doran, whose all-round capacity Elms is just beginning to discover, played thoroughly as usual for three quarters in de- fence, and going forward then quickly got a goal. Forman was prominent right through, and Waugh and Gladstone, playing on either side of their leader, gave him every chance to watch his men. A new wing man in M'Cleery, an old South Melbourne player, but who for the last couple of years has been a prominent footballer at Warrnambool, was tried, and made a good beginning. Watson got a couple of goals for his side, and no fault could be found with his marking. Dowdell was the best of the Richmond ruck after Parker retired, and its weakness was in part removed by the very promising play of A. Digby,a Vaucluse junior who was playing his first game with Richmond. Dethbridge, whose second game it was with the team, also showed in both his marking and kicking that he was a footballer of the right stamp. Blakely and J. Digby, on the halt-back line, were prominent, as well as Cornigo forward, but generally the team seemed to play with- out any heart or hope of winning. Five goals was the limit on Saturday, Grace (for Fitzroy), as well as Thurgood and Mar- shall, each getting that number. Grace, how- ever, seems to have lost the knack of kicking goals at anything like a reasonable distance ; and on Saturday he, in nearly every instance, ran close up to goal with it. Though Fitzroy had matters pretty much their own way during the game, some of the Northern barrackers took the lead afterwards, and the Fitzroy players drove away amid a demon- atration such as might be supposed to attend the triumphal progress of the Czar of Russia through the province of Nihilistria. The salvos fired were chiefly road metal, and the supply there about is inconveniently large for visiting teams. Even the umpire had the honour of an escort as far as the tram. The more conspicuous men during the game for Fitzroy were-Banks even where, W.Buckley and Hickey in defence, Moriarty in a place, and Cleary roving. On the North Melbourne side nothing pleased the onlookers like the dashing play of the veteran, Harry Todd, who went into it with the zeal and elasticity of a schoolboy Next to him O'Dea was perhaps, the best man on the side, and twice got as near goal as a player can without bringing up two flags, for his shots hit the post. His devotion to per- sonal neatness in the matter of a uniform does not apparently interfere with his play. Carlton's decided failure as against Colling- wood was due mainly to the superiority of the other side, for, it anything the home team had the worst of the luck in goal shooting. The beatific expression on the face of Col- lingwood's secretary at the close of the game was in marked contrast to that of the night before when endeavouring to prove an alibi or something of that sort for a portion of his team before a committee of investigation from the V.F.A. Collingwood played a good all-round game, while Carlton had to depend largely on the splendid exertions of a few, and therein mainly lay the difference. PREMIERSHIP LIST,1893. ""JW !5T1 Fsscndon Melbourne South Melbourne Geelong Fitzrov SU Kilda frootscray Port Melbourne Collingwood Carlton W itliamstown Richmond Sortit Melbourne GEELONG V. MELBOURNE. The number of people who saw this match on the Melbourne ground was not so great as anticipated, seeing that it was the best match of the day Mel- bourne were without the help of several leading players, notably M'Kenzie, their brilliant little ruck- man, and their captain, Fox, who, for the first time in seven years' football, missed a match. At starting it did not appear that the absentees wouId be seriously missed, as for a time Melbourne could not go wrong. As soon as the ball was bounced it was taken to the Geelong end, and Roche, from near the press-box, made a fine attempt to score. He failed, but Howes remedied the fault by promptly punting it through. Some first rate football by Leahey, Burns, and Ryan on the one side, and Toms and Massey on the other, led up to an equalis- ing goal, Blackmore marking to De Coit, who made a first-rate kick against the wind. In a Melbourne rally Sheehan, B. kelly. Howes, and Christey tried hard for a goal, but failed to get it Melbourne had then a remarkable run of successes. Howes got it right in front of goat from a Geelong man and punted second goal easily. The same player got it again, but as one of his opponents came over the mark line and stopped it, the ball was given back to him. He passed it very coolly to Roche, who, with a pretty kick, scored the third goal. The fourth was got almost immediately by Howes, Geelong appearing perfectly helpless at this stage. Melbourne, still playing all shot put it through for the fifth time Christey, playing splendidly, brought it down, and Roche getting it, played back to Christey, who, with a high punt, score Melbourne's second behind, and just then their scoring for the day stopped abruptly. Geelong pulled themselves to- gether, and opened an attack in which Marmo, Houston, and Blackmore gave Higgins a show, but his kick went across the goal Burns and Brockwell played it neatly to Ryan, but he too failed. Green- field also missed a chance, and, in spite of good efforts by Moore and Healing to get it away, Geelong kept up the assault, Ryan hitting the post from a shot just before they changed ends. When they did so, Christey went off with a dash, ably answered by Conway and Burns, but, in a long stretch of good football following, neither side could gain much advantage. Two pretty runs by F. Sheehan were a feature of it and Christey and Bert. Kelly were also busy, but nothing could withstand Burns. He was a bit Short- in one of his long shots, while a chance kick by James got Pretty close to goal Connor, Greenfield, and Houston pleased the crowd immensely with some clever football, and Burns in his own way pressed the attack home, but dashing runs in turn by F. Sheehan and Massey were Melbourne's salva- tion Another try the redoubtable Peter was more successful ; he got it forward to Brockwell near the press box, but being not too sanguine that player passed cleverly to Houston, who scored a difficult goal. Joe M'Shane came in with one of his fast dashes and the clover play of Conner, Davey, Arm- strong, and Conway looked like brinking further disaster to Melbourne, a long shot of Houston's being well marked by O'Halloran. J. Sheehan and B. Kelly made a demonstration for Melbourne, and got close in, but a mark by H. Wilson for Geelong spoiled them, and Connor and Houston by beautiful football took it along the wing again, and finished up by giving it to Decoit, who, with one of his nice kicks scored third goal. Christey tried hard to defeat Geelong tactics, but Burns and Houston were too good, and kept Melbourne on tension until half-time. Neither side could claim much advantage in the early part of the third quarter. F. Sheehan, Christey, R. Kelly, O'Halloran, Healing, Moysey, and Massey all doing well for the Reds ; while for Geelong Connor, Decoit, Walker, Leahy, Burns, Houston, Ryan, and Davey were most in evidence. James, who towere l up amongst Geelong forwards, had so far been of little use to the side, but his value was then shown. Decoit sent it up, and James, reaching higher than the rest, took it so close in that he had no difficulty in getting the goal. A pretty run by Toms was only a diversion, for Ryan and Moodey,got it back amongst their forwards, and James repeated his high mark, and his goal, which made it even pegging, and Geelong playing with most heart, Higgins had a rare chance to play to James but missed it, and Melbourne, with the help of Moysey, O'Dea, Healing, and Graham, were able to keep Geelong off goal until the last, chance Both side fought a splendid battle in the lost quarter, but Geelong kept playing the winning game. Higgins gave Burns a long shot which brought nothing, and Burns and Houston looked dangerous with one of their concerted pieces until O'Halloran's long punts checked them. The two Kellys were prominent in a counter- demonstra- lion, which M'Shane spoiled. It was fairly even now, and both doing their best for the winning goal. Burns's play was superb, and Connor and Moodey did their share to give Decoit a shot, which Just went out- side the posts. Howes and Graham tried hard to turn the tide, but Burns and Marmo were too good for them The ball got back in Melbourne ground again, and Houston marked to Higgin who was loudly cheered on kicking the sixth and winning goal. Except some fine play by Burns, Marmo, and Wilson, there was nothing else of importance, and the victory of Geelong who had played a fine uphill name, was en- thusiastically received by their followers Schaefer umpired the game and Geelong were dissatisfied with him while Melbourne were scoring, and Mel- bourne while Geelong were doing the same thing The opinions of barrackers on a matter of this kind should, however, be always weighed alongside the fact that when clubs appointed goal umpires quarrels were continuous, but since umpires have been ap- pointed by the association goals are never questioned. Schaefer has certainly umpired better games, but his mistakes were not one sided Scores :- First Quarter. -Melbourne, 5 goals 2 behinds, Gee long, 1 goal 1 behind. Half-Time. -Melbourne, 5 goals 2 behinds ; Gee long, 3 goals 4 behinds. Third Quarter.-Geelong, 5 goals 6 behinds ; Mel- bourne, 5 goals 2 behinds. Final Score. - Geelong, 6 goals 9 behinds ; Mel- bourne, 5 goals 2 behinds. ESSENDON V. ST. KILDA. These clubs met at East Melbourne, with results as follow - First Quarter.-Essendon, 3 goals 4 behinds ; St. Kilda, 1 behind. Half-Time -Essendon, 5 goals 8 behinds ; St. Kilda, 1 goal 4 behinds. Third Quarter - Essendon, 8 goals 13 behinds ; St. Kilda, 5 goals 4 behinds. Final Score -Essendon, 10 goals 15 behinds ; St. Kilda, 5 goals 4 behinds. COLLINGWOOD V. CARLTON. This match was played on the Victoria park and waswon by Collingwood, the scores being :- First Quarter .-Collingwood, 1 goal ; Carlton, nil. Half time. -Collingwood, 2 goals 1 behinds, Carlton, 1 goal 1 behind. Third Quarter. -Collingwood, 2 goals 8 behinds ; Carlton, 1 goal 2 behinds. Final Score.-Collingwood, 4 goals 9 behind ; Carlton, 1 goal 3 behinds. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. RICHMOND. These clubs met on the Richmond Cricket-ground. Scores :- First Quarter.-Richmond, 2 goals ; South Mel- bourne, 5 behinds. Half time-South Melbourne, 4 goals 8 behind; Richmond, 2 goals 1 behind. Third Quarter. -South Melbourne, 7 goals 14 behinds ; Richmond, 2 goals 2 behinds. Final Score. -South Melbourne, 7 goals l8 behind ; Richmond, 3 goals 4 behinds. FITZROY V. NORTH MELBOURNE. The match between these clubs was played as North Melbourne, the scores being :- First Quarter .-Fitzroy,2 goals 2 behinds ; North Melbourne, nil. Half time -Fitzroy, 2 goals 4 behinds ; North Mel- bourne. 1 goal 2 behinds. Third Quarter.-Fitzroy, 4 goals 6 behinds ; North Melbourne, 1 goal 3 behinds. Final Score.-Fitzroy, 8 goals 6 behind ; North Melbourne, 2 goals 3 behind. FOOTSCRAY V. WILLIAMSTOWN. A finely-fought match between these clubs, played at Williamstown resulted as follows :- First Quarter.- Footscray, 2 goals, Williams town, 2 goals. Half time - Williamstown, 5 goals 4 behinds, Foots- cray. 2 goals 1 behinds. Third Quarter. -Footscray, 6 goals 2 behind ; Williamstown, 5 goals 4 behinds. Final Score .- Footscray, 7 goals 4 behinds, Wil- liamstown, 6 goals 6 behinds. VICTORIAN JUNIOR FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION. A SECTION. IFitzruv Juniors Austral North Melbourne] luniorH I Marjlcbone "soilh Williams town Unhersily Carlton Juniors Union Jack Coburg* lillington* B Sfctiov Napier Imperial Albion United Collitigw d Junior«! Haw thom 1-Siindou Districtl Brunswick Rainbow Brigh on Preston Oami cm eil * Disbanded The following are tho results of matches pla)ed on Saturdaj -A Section-North 'Williamstown v. Idlirigton, won bj North Williamstown waiko;cr ; Man lenone \\. Austral, won bv Austral ii goals to 1 L.01I Htvrov lunion>v North Melnourne luniors, won bj IitToy Juniois, r» noals to 2 goals, Union Tnok v University flrvw, 2 goals to 2 goals ; Coburg \ Cm 1 ton I union? won bj Carlton Juniors, walkover B Section -Napier Imperial v Essendon District won bv Mplet Imperial, ti c_oals to 4 gool*; Albion United v Collingwood Illinois won bv Col- lingwood Juniors, 4 goals toi goil Camberwell \ Preston vvonln Preston 1 goals to 2 "oils Rain* v Hawthorn, won In Hawthorn, I goal* to 2 [goals Biunswick v Brighton, won bj Brunswick, 7 (.oals to J goals ASSOCIATED SCHOOIS COMPrTÏTIO\T Ciuulolen defeated South Melbourne College on the S M 00 ground on liidaj.bj t goals and IO behinds to 1 goal and I behinds Kew Ililli behool v limit \lmr> College -ThH match was p'aved on liidav attciuoon on the Rich mond "round, mid lcbiiltcd in a victorj for the pchool tlie scores being Hil,li School 10 toals 15 behlnds Hailt\ bun College J j,oals 4 behlnds Biightoti Gi uuiiiiii School \ Toorak College -This ; maten was plajed on the St hilda ¿round on >rida> 1 last and was won bj UUl.Iiton Gnminar School by 7 goals 10 bebinds to ï goals t bebinds UCTOHIVN RbGIlV UNION Two more beats were placed on Saturday for the Howard Cup and lewis Trophies the rou testing clubs being Rovers and Crusaders for the former and Pioneers nnd Phatea for tho latter Some splendid plnj nos witnessed dutiiu the afternoon and when time was called the Rovers lind won their match by 21 points to nil nnd the Pioneers i heirs bv 2S to nil. Tho results seem \ei j onesided but such was not tho case as the losers plajed n good up hill gamo hi each match The superior concerted pla\ of the victors proved too much for the beaten clubs, who, although c,ood indlviduallv, did not sei/o their opportunities for ficoiing Wakeham (Pioneer) was undoubtedlv the hero of tho dav BesHes potting two splendid goals from the field he secured no le^ than font tries. The Howard Cup and union badges have now been virtuallj won bv the Rovers, who have won nil their matt he« I 01 the lewis Trophies tliePiouceta have a stiong lead, having won all thiee matches The Rovers, Pirates, and Crusaders have each lost a match FOOTBALL IN THE COUNTRY 1 IILYDALr Satiirdat. The Tindale and \arra Glen Football olubs mefa heie this afternoon and plajed a match fortho Buller Irvine trophies The game resulted in a win for the I iljdale team, the scores being-I lljdale, 2 goals li* behlnds, \arra Glen, 1 goal 1 behind FOOTBAIIj in s\dney SYDNFY, Sirs-DAT The only event of importance in the football world jestordnj was the match Unlvcrsitj v Rand wick, plavcd at the Agricultural Grounds for the Agricultural Socletj s shield of which the University were the holders for the two pre*lons seasons. The; game was so closelj contested that the onlv scorn made before time was called was soon after the start when Nelson touched down for the Univerflitv' The match, therefore ended in n win bv *t points to nil for the UnlveisiU, who secure the premiership and the permanent possession of tile shield, hav ing won it throe years in succession, should a protest) entered bv Randw lok against Abbott ot hav ing Inter- fered with one of their men when racing for ths ball after It had gone over the line not be sustained , IOOTBALL IN ADELAIDr ADriiAIDF, Sdhdat. At football veBterday South Adelaide bent Adelaida by 0 goals l8 behlnds to J goals At Cologne, in digging a few dajs ago for the foundations of a new structure, the workmen enrae upon the remains of a large Roman building, in which, besides important and very fine architectural irnpments, were found a number of bron/es of artistic work- manship, and se\eral utensils tor domestic use In a tomb which tame to light at the same time wns a mans skeleton with the usual gra\ e Roods amongst \v hich were a coin oi Qoidiun HI , a small sword haft oE silver, with a gold band down the middle, and in enamel the inscription, " Awton* mas,'' and a bronze inkstand richly deco- rated No objects of llomun metal work equal in \alue to these last two have (says the Athenäum)! been found m Cologne m recent j ears. 