A VISIT TO MILLIOENT. I / T/\ i.hfi Ktlit/i}* of the flmulrv Wnifih I Sir,-Kindly allow me space in your valuable minimis to eay ft few word* iu connection with .ha atnve. AH a t.roveller I cannot help panning k few remarks. I chanced to tin in Millicent on Saturday, September 2, and I had occasion for juriosity's sake to attend a mooting of oookies &nd; others in the Institute, convened by, 1 be lieve, ooo of its oldeat citizens, to discus* the Land Bill now before Parliament. Now, Mr, Editor, I was more than surprised on entering tho building to see (with the exception of a few) the grand display of hair over the shoulders and mud on their boots made by those present) and the man in a chair was a noble looking specimen of humanity, This poor man, I be believe, has bran studying so rauah at these kind of bills, etc., that ho has put hia head out of shape and devuloped a rather peculiar shaped one. The consequence is he cannot get a hat to his hkiog to fit on his head and his ears have to carry the weight of the hat, for which he or his ears is to be pitied. They say ha in studying for Parliamentary honours; and if that day ever comes he will find it necessary to wear a much heavier hat. Nevertheless ha la a good man, and the idol of his long-haired brethren, and they pin their faith in him for everything, Even it ho was to call ft meeting to discuss the length of rats' tails ho could rely on an audience, In faot, 1 heard it re marked amongst thein that if he was to die they oould utilise his ghost enough to fulfil all their requirements, lie said at this meeting that the present Land Gill was the poorest of a poor lot, and to wind up added that he was not at all pleased with the Bill. With a little more altering it would take more than a layman to understand it> and he can be judged by this that his word is absolute law there, and should be everywhere else by the tone of it. But what good can a few long-woolled "critters " do with the Land Bill in one paltry place like that. It would be a greater boon to barber and saddlers had they spent the same amount of time iu getting their nair out; but for my part I should say "That is the way to tho Zoo." But, alas I (I don't like to mention it) this great man in the chair has a formidable rival, who is oreating quite a sensation with the working olass. He has them all fascinated with the new Mount Hope drain age scheme. This ia Mr. , Duncan in hia Christian or Pagan name. lie also ia a hot favourito for the seat, for he has, at his own expense, lately equipped a surveying brig, and has been sailing about the swamps taking the levels of them. Latest advices to hand are that ho had to abandon the enterprise, as the ducks and swans came ao numerously around his Graft he oould not «eo the pegs he had put down, the necks ot the birds being in the way. In tho midst of the vexation caused by this a vision appeared to him, It was a man with a rod. Then his miud went wandering to know who this was. Suddenly he remembered Moses with the rod ; just as this thought struck him the vision faded away. Bo, believing that MoseB striking the rocks with his rod was the cause of the water flowing, ho set sail at once to the edge of the swamp whero there were some bull rushes growing for tho purpose of finding him and taking his rod from him. Now he attributes to the man in his vision the cause of all the water being there. Moaes out for exercise knocking spots of! some of the rocks after having a feed of rabbits I At any rato, he still thinks that Moses is about, and if he oould only take his rod from him there would be lefts water there, and he could take it up to the Far North, and it would be a boon to them, and Northern droughts would be a thing of the past, Besides being a man of those elevated Ideas, Duncan, I am told, Is a good nll*round athlete, from the horse'a back to the prise ring, ao if wo have tho good fortune to elect hiin wo can . have n mnn that can run rings around any thing we have in Parliament, and knock fog out of them, if necessary, So it lays now at Millicent with the two I speak of for tho seat, Tho iirst- mentioned one is going to revise the Land Bill, and abolish the system of keeping girla on farms to do meu's work, and the latter is going to have Mount Hope drained, or Moses caught, and have turnips growing largo enough there to build houses with to keep the other sort in like they grow at Furner, But. whon all is said and done, for my part, I would like to seo them both in Parliament, na then tho old bnllook punohera could sit at some tolf hotel and sing and play " Ta-ra ra-boom-de-ay." I am, &.O., A SON OF POOR OLD DAD. 