Story Column. Now Finsi PunusitED. Outlaw & Lawmaker. . AN ANGL0-AUBTRALI8N ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Tlie Hond Station," "The Bond Of Wedlook," "Tho Brother of the Shndow," " Passion and Polloy," " Nudino," " An Austrollnn Heroine." And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Oarthy ok " Tho Ladies' Gallery," "The Right Honourable," &c.; »t.r. qubehsiand moots besebvsd.l CHAPTER X.— Continued.) He left her. She had net long to wait. Prank Hnllett wos walking up and down with Lady Horace, and - he had seen her >ome back. with Blake. Thoy both came o her. ' Elsie,' Ina Baid, ' what is the matter ?' Nothing,' said Elsie. ' Why ? ' 1 You looked soared somehow.' 4 1 think it must he because I hare been seeing ghosts,' said Elsie tremu lously. 4 Ghosts!' repeated Lady Horace. Elaio did not answer. 4 It must hare been the effect of the moonlight in the garden,' said Hallett. Those pyramids of rhynca-sporum do look xkther like white ghosts.' Elsie buret into a laugh. 4 How like you that speech was. You are really a very comforting person. You always find a natural and reasonable, ex planation for oil one's vagaries, for all one's stupid superstitious fancies.' 4 1 am glad,' he said gravely, 4 that you find me a comforting person. But I don't think that is what you like beBt.' 4 "What is it that I like befit ?' 4 Something more romantic. I know that I am a very prosaic kind_ of follow. But perhaps that wears best in the long run, and most stupid superstitious fanoies do admit of a reasonable and natural ex planation.' , They began to dance. The waltz with him was hot quite like the one with Blake. She was oonsoious of this, and she was angry with herself for being so. "Why should a girl, when two men> waltz equally woll, foel a subtler intoxication in the contact and joint motion with the one than with the other? They had only taken a few turns when Bhe stopped him. . . . 4 1 don't wont to dnnce. I m tired. They wont out into the veranda 'again. Ho was concerned. 4 Something is the matter with you.' 4 No. Yes — everything ie the matter.' 4 Tell me, Elsie,' ho said. 4 Frank, if I over give you bad pain— if you aro misled by your own fancies, and think me hotter, and truer, and more sincere than I am, and wake up to find that I urn a vain, ambitious mercenary girl, with no real thought for anyone hut herself, don't soy that I hatett't warned you.' 4fet. 4 You have' warned me often eitttegh, and I told you that I was quite conWEted to take the risk. I cau't bear you to talk like that, and yet I'm glad too.' 4 Tell me why you are glad.' _ 4 Because if you weren't getting to care for me a little, you wouldn't be troubled at the thought of tho suffering you might cause me.' 4 1 am troubled — horribly troubled. And of course I oare a little for you. I care a great deal, hut it isn't the sort of caring I mean.' 4 The sort of caring you mean is a romantic dream— the glamour that never was on eea or land, but only in tho imagination of romance writers. I don't mind entering the lists with your prince, Elsie dear. I con wait. He won't come along. Princes like that don't ride through the gum-trees.' 4 Now,' she said Soriously, 4 it pleases me to hear vou tulk like that. It makes mo feel that you are strong. I wish that you were strong enough to carry me off and put an end to my doubts for ever.' 4 Shall I try ? 4 No, no. Give mo my year. Frank, I do not wont to care for you. I am- grateful to you for loving me. You'll believe that.' Elsie slept badly that night. They had danced till long past midnight, and she had tried to drown her guilty recollection of poor Jenson. She had danced ugoin with Blake, and they had talked on the veranda afterwards, but not of personal topics. With a tact which she appreciated he avoided allusion to their previous conversation — hut of travel, of men and women and books, of life on the Luya, and of the wider life beyond. And she had danced with Trant, and he had been very personal, and had ex pressed his admiration with a certain respectful bluntnoss whioh had amused her, and had done more than anything elso to distract her thoughts from more painful subjects. She told herself that if he wob a little rough he meant no harm ; and that his Toughness was of a more interesting kind than that of the Lnya squatters in general. Elsie was not very fond of bushmon. Sho preferred tho hank clerks nnd young civil servants of Leichhardt's Town. She had danced, too, more than once again with Hallett, and she was doing her very best to persuade herself that the regard she felt for Frank Hallett was the nearest approaoh sho should evor get to levo. And then she had seen very plainly that Lady Garfit and her daughter were making up to the Halletts, and that Frunk was dearly on object of desire in 'matrimonial cirolcs. It wob perfectly evident, that Rose Garfit was in love with , him. Rose was another , type of Leioh- bardt's Town. She was not soft and elonder and oomplex like Elsie, but was a great Junoesquo oreature, with calm bluo , eves and quantities of flaxen bair, a down right sort of girl, absolutely good-natured, a splendid horsewoman, a geod tennis- . player, always bright and smiling and " equable, and in every way a desirable wife for a well-to'do squatter. Elsie did not actually dislike Hose, who did not want to give horsolf oirs, though sho had . always seemod to hold herself aloof in a calmly superior way ftttt the lessor try of Leichhardt's Town. This was bfioause Of her father's position, and booauee she Wat always hotter dressed, and bad car riages and riding horses, whioh she, poor Else, never had, unless some obliging udmiter gave her a mount. But Elsie hated Lady Garfit with a holy hatred, for Lady Garfit had snubbed nor on more than one oooaBion, and had dono all she could to keep Elsie out of tho Govern ment House set, promulgating the report that she was fast aad bad style, and even that she rouged. Elsie would have done anything to annoy Lady Garfit, and it Was very evident that Lady Garfit was extremely fiilnoyod at Frank Hallott's devotion. There were other ladies, too, before Whom Elsie wee not displeased to parade her conquests. Sbe could sse that Mrs. Allanby was furious heoause she had Bat out with Mr. Blake, end beoause Frank Hallett had forgotten a dftfloe for which he was engaged to her, while he in his turn wdfi sitting out with Elsie. _ But Mrs. Allanby revenged herself bv flirting with Lord Horace. And then there was Minna Pryde, of Leichhardt's Town, who was more on Elsie's social level than Rose Garfit, who never lost an opportunity of, as she put it, ' spiting ' Elsie SboUt her 4 beaux.' Minna was dark, and pretty and vivaoious, and was certainly not good style, and not at all in favour with tho more faetidiouB of tho Leiohhordt's Town matrons. Elsie was also rather pleased to, vex Mrs. Jem, who patronised her, and who, she know, would have preferred Rose Garfit for n sister-in-law. These uncharitable motives bed been more or less preponderant all the evening, hut in the stillness of her chamber thoy melted into fi rain of tears. She did not dare to cry oat aloud, lest sbe should wake Ina. Tho two sisters shared a tiny veranda room, Lord Horace having been sent, with almost all the other- gentlemen, to the baohelors' quarters, where, judging from the sounds of revelry that floated on the night, be was doubtless enjoying himself. CHAPTER XI. i On the Racecourse. The head station at Tinnmba was astir betimes, and long before the big bell clanged for breakfast, preparations oil the raceoourso bad begun and flagB marked the line of running, and waved on the top of nn extemporised grand stand. Frank Hallett was waiting on the veranda when Lady Horace and Elsie oame out. They were in their habits, like most of the other ladies, since nearly everybody waB to rido to tho course. 4 1 thought you might like me to show you your place at the breakfast table,' he said. 4 Most havo gone its. There is a , quantity of people hero already, and more coming from everywhere.' Breakfast was not in the dining-room to-day, but in tho old woolehed — a largo slab bark building, about 100 yards beyond the courtyard, whioh was always Utilised on these occasions, and in whioh they were to dance in tho ovoning. Tunimba had once been a sheep station, in the days before tho Halletts had bought it, hut Bheep did not do well on the Luya. On nn Australian station on 4 old woolshed ' is an institution, and tbo homestead which possesses (me ie usually the centre for the festivities of the dis trict. It was a queer, picturesque plaoe, with its dark walls and beamed and raftcrod ceiling, nnd it had beon deoorated with creepers from the shrub, and now looked very gay indeed, filled with a chattering crowd — bushmen in immnoulnte moleskins and flaring ties and with a generally brown, healthy, and eXoited appearance ; ladies in habits, some of home manufac ture, others the product of Leichhardt's Town tailors, so that there were all varieties, from the honest brown and gray winoev to the park turnout with high hut aad boots. The girls Wore many of thoai very coquettishly got up, and etephanotis was in favour for a brent knot. Outside a good many men wore loung ing about discussing the merits of their horses, settling matters With their jockeys, and taking notes of the new competitors. There was a good deal of interest in the Barolin horses. The breed was getting a name, and Trent, to use a colonialism, was 4 blowing ' loudly about his chances of taking tho Luya Cup, and cutting out Frank Hallett, who had won it the previous year with his thorough bred Gipsy Girl. Mr. Blake came up end shook hands with Lady Horace and her sister. 4 1 have been waiting for you,' ho said to Elsie, as they fell baok a little — beoauee I want to sit next you, if I may, and also because I want to ask you if you will ride a horse of mine, which is a 4perfoot ladies' hook, on the course to-day. I heard you telling LordHoraoe last night that you didn't like the oneyou redo from the Doll.' 4 Thank you,' said Elsie. ' 1 should like to ride your horse. But Mr. Frank Hallett has offered mo one. I am the luckiest young woman in the world. Everybody has offered me horses.' < 4 Then your only difficulty will be in selecting,' said Blake. 4 1 like riding now1 horses,' said Elsie. 4 Then,' said Frank Hnllett, a little stiffly, but feeling that ho was magnani mous, and that !ho conld afford to bo so, 4 you will perhaps be wise to oooept Mr. Blake's offer. If it is the horse ho rode yesterday you will be muoh bettor mounted than on mine.' Ho turned again to Lady Horace. 4 Mr. Hallett is very goneroUB,' said Blake. 4 is it Osmnn ?' said Elsie, ignoriug the remark. 4 The horse that nearly knocked you against a tree that day at the Cross ing.' He gave a little start. 4 No. I wouldn't put you on that horse.' 4 1 shouldn't be at all afraid of him. I never saw such a beauty. Perhaps you will be astonished to hoar, Mr. Blake, considering I am a town girl, that I don't mind what I sit, short of a regular buckjumper, I can even manage a little mild pig-jumping.' to be continued os momday. 