A Double Crime. THE wholesale produce and commission sloro of . Mp. Purvis uii -3)cUwu*«. avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on the night of October 16, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upwards of 9000 dollars in greenbacks there were ab stracted. A package of bonds, to the amount of 3000 dollars more, re mained untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr. Harrison Purvis for about four years, and en joyed the confidence of his employer. Pembroke Sharon, the other clerk, had recently been takenon, but the manner in which he took hold of the business impressed Mr. Purvis so much in his favour that he -predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon, and selected him as a companion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these j'oung men were in the store the night that the robbery occurred; but when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was missing and Yerkes lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of his head, which had been bleeding profusely, judging by the amount of blood of the floor. The unfortunate young man had evidently endeavoured to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained as well as his clothes. By the disorder in the office and the numerous blood stains both on the floor and walls, it was evident that a desperate straggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided himself keys had opened the safe, and had been surprised by his fellow clerk in the midst of his work, who in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from the loss of blood, and the robber fled with the booty. Varnoe, a detective, and a physician were at once sent for, and while Dr. Edson attended to his patient, the de tective examined the premises with the usual carefulness, particularly the second floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had re covered, aid sat in an arm-chair with a bandage around his head. Well, Mr. Varnoe, what have you discovered ?" said Mr. Purvis. " I find that the robber has been to the second floor," replied the detective and possibly he has taken some valu ables from there as well. The merchant hastened up-stairs, but presently returned, saying that nothing had been disturbed or re moved as far as he could see. " Whatever his object may have been, I am positive that he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had taken place." Then Yerkes gave the following ac count : He awoke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and fearing that some mishap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffin candle by the small gas-jet iii the room and began to search for him. Not finding him on the second floor he returned to the first floor, and dis covered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same mo ment, and Sharon was- spellbound at being discovered in his criminal act. Then began the struggle, the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon being the stronger of the two, soon overpowered his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after which he walked out of the store with his eyes bent on the floor before him, until he reached the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked out of the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and re joined the others in the office, it was with a grave countenance. "Mr. Purvis, the robber has evi dently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock. All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but fell back with a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying re storatives to his charge, the detective drew Mr. Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remained there for half an hour in conversation with him, and judging by his frequent exclama tions he must have been astonished by what the detective told him. Re-entering the office, they found Yerkes still unconscious, and at the suggestion of Varnoe he was taken to the hospital. "Now, Mr. Purvis," said Varnoe, " will you point out to me the clothes usually worn by Mr. Sharon while on duty at the store V' " Certainly, sir," replied the gentle man, "that is easily done," and he went to the closet where the clerks kept their outer garments. He ex amined the clothing with gasps of sur prise. "What is it?" said Varnoe, when Mr. Purvis laid the garments on the bed. " As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants as well," said Mr. Purvis, in bewilderment. " That is singular said the detective, exchanging glances with the physician. "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when you bear in mind that Mr. Yerkes, when found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind," point ing to the pair beneath the bed. "You will please see whether Mr. Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets." Every pocket was examined. There finable watch and chain,, a trifle over five dollars in a wallet, a pfenknife, pencil, memorandum, etc., etc. " Retain those articles, Mr. Purvis, and hang the garments up," said the detective, "I have another surprise here." Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leaving the mattress bare. A num ber of bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in length. "I see what you are driving at," cried Purvis, as he scanned the seam. " You mean that the thief has hidden his plunder in the mattress." " I think so, at all events," was the reply, as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his hand, he drew forth the package of greenbacks. They were intact, Mr. Purvis said, after ex amining the seals. " I don't know what to think," said the gentleman, hopelessly. " I declare my head aches trying to divine the motive for this most extra ordinary crime." "Think as I do." 14 What is that?" " Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, is the tbiefs victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer garments behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussel with him he murdered Sharon, drag ged him across the street and threw him into the river." " Then you really expect Yerkes is the thief ?" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. " I am sure he is not only the thief, but a probable murderer also." " Oh, the wretch 1" cried the mer chant, passionately, " and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in en deavouring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit on the right man," continued Mr. Purvis. If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon. " Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his back are not his own," spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severe fit of sickness. Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the merchant. He approached the man and asked eagerly:-= " Who are you ?' ^ " My name is Pembroke Sharon/' In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested per mission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. TTis story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this differ ence- the positions were changed. It was Sharon who surprised the other in front of the open safe in the act of stowing in his pockets the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who de nounced the act, and Yerkes, both: angry and frightened to be thus de tected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more until he awoke on board a vessel near the navy yard. He was told that they picked him up .in the river. The captain and his two men had been to the theatre, and were return ing in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water at tracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took liim on board the vessel, where his wants were at once attended to. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark when familiar footsteps were heard ascend iug the stair. " By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes!" whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and closed the door. He was none too soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Some thing in their faces told him some thing was amiss-something to his disadvantage, too. " You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked he, for want of something else to say. We are indeed ! replied Mr. Purvis, regarding him with.an ominous look. " You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me," next remarked the robber and would-be assassin. " On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective, with an ambiguous smile. Glancing at the detective with a sceptical air. Yerkes walked to the closet and opened the door, and the next moment he uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the colour of ashes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, per fectly immovable, his eyes fixed on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raging maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the de tective was obliged to manacle him hand foot and again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterwards conveyed to the insane de partment of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously recompensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit both to himself and his grateful em ployer. Yerkes lived about a year after his confinement, and died a ravingjnaiiiac * a terrible retrlbinaon Tor His attemprr to fasten the crime on. an innocent | person. . 