RELIGIOUS NEWS; "Frpri T«»n«. a* SooTTias Pbbbbt TBQAWIBM. —TUie was. the-aubieot of diaooone at Chalmers Church on the evening of Straday, (brX. when the minuter of the chaise (Rev. Dr. ooettpM Fresby*; teriMnfflB—» oaUed bminsfrof its democratic oonBtifotion, iaaumuub m all its-ministers hold attaohed to the distinction of lay and olorioal— J i» not as many suppose a form at religion oon fined to tbe - Soottish nation, or -even to Anglo-Saxon people. Ever ainoe the Re formation it has had its votaries, at first in Europe, and afterwards in other quarter* of the globe. .From Greece to France, from Arabia to Japan, in- South Afrioa, from Canada, to Chill, and in all these' young Australian, eolinies she i» represented. Her oommunion. ambraoea 20,000 ministers, 30,000 charges,. 506 missionaries, 4.000,000 members, and 30,000,000 adherents. She has 100 magazine* as ber organs, and an annual income of £G,000-,<00. Scotland bears no inconsiderable share in the production of that grand, total by means of her three main branches, which provide between them one Church to every thousand for a population of 4,009,000. The mother Church, known as the " Established" (as being supported by the State), dates frjra the year 1500, when, the terms of its constitution were ratified by the Scottish Parliament. Amidmany vicissitudes, alternations,, revolutions,, and defeats, she has well sustained the cause-of freedom, rectitnde-, and godliness. At the present time, in spite of the greatevenfc which rent ber in twain half a century ago, aha oan boast of having 1,600 Churches, about 600,000' members, 220,000 Sunday scholars, and an income exceeding £400,000, whilst some of her pulpits and ohaire are filled by mem of wide renown an preachers or writers. Not the least satisfac tory portion of bar work, is that carried on amongst the heathen at an expense of £46,000 per annum, and under the supervision of 64 European missionaries and 300 native agents. The United Presbyterian Church again—cm called because in 184? different sections that had long before broken away from the mother Church at the instigation ef duty ooalesosd into one—has also a oreditabloreoord of past achievement end present promise, Under her wing are 570ChuroheifT8E>(<W0 members, and mote, than 100,080 Sunday scholars,, and she supports over 100 missionaries in India, China, and the West Indies, &a; Her last year's inoome approached £400,000, showing as tbe average contribution of eaob member the sum of £1 1G». She, too, hasher Catalogue of distinguished names, one of the best known and best beloved of whom died only lost year— the Rev. Dr. John Cairns. The youngest of tbe three goes by tbe name of the "Free Church," and came into exis tence in 1843 by a movement known to history as the " Disruption." A large number of the office-bearers of the then existing State Church felt themselves aggiieved because things had been said and done by the Legislature and judicatures of the land which, in their opinion, were in direct contravention of the lews of the land and of Christ about the Church. The only way in whioh they could satisfy their conscience and I fulfil their sense of duty was by tabling a pro tent on the fioor of the General Assembly ex plaining and vindicating their action, and then j withdrawing from the Church. This they accordingly did. On May 18, 1843,300 minis ters and others, beaded by the eminent Dr. Chalmers, gave up their earthly all—Churches, manses, incomes—not knowing the things that I would befal them next. Lord Jeffrey, Car lyle, Gladstone, McCarthy, and many others all speak in the same glowing terms of the j heroism and rare self-abnegation of these men, confirming by their aot Butler's famous aphorism that "if oonscience bad the power a* it bss the anthority it would abso lutely govern the world. The Church thus bora into existenoe had to begin at onoe to organize. It would take too long to tell what buffets she received from some quarters, and what benedictions . from others. Let it suffice to say that during tbe short period of her existenoe she has ereoted over 1,060 Churches and nearly as many manses. She has three fully equipped Theological Colleges, well manned and well endowed, some of whose Professors are pre- , eminent for Biblical scholarship and literary power. She has raised for the support and extension of the Kingdom of Christ at home and abroad more than 21 millions of money, being an average of £430,000 per annum. She has taken her part in all the important social, political, philanthropic, and educational movements of the time, and has sought to laisa and purify the life of the country. More than 100 of her missionaries are labouring in [ India, South Afrioa, Arabia, Constantinople, and other places. Ministers^ trained in her seminaries are to be found in man; of the watenng-plaoes of the Continent of Europe : and iu moat of the British Colonies. And at this very time ehe is celebrating with gratitude and gladness and expectation her first jubilee in the City of Edinburgh, and while joining in sympathy with her we also join in prayer for her that she, as well as all Christian Churoheg everywhere, may vet reoeive a still mora . abundant share of Divine favour for the greater glory of God and As greater good of mankind. Wellington • squahb Chubch. — Special Home Mission services were held on Sunday j ' last at Wellington-square Church. The occa sion being also Whit Sunday the Rev. J. ' Day. Thompson asked the attention of his morning audience to the story of tbe water turned into wine, which he interpreted u a . "sign" (John's word for the miracles), or parable of the spiritual mission of Christ, which was to enrich and ennoble the religious thought and life of His time and of all time. When He came the wine of the old prophets had oeased to flow, and there was ebb tide and emptiness, depletion, imd dilution. Religion waB a thing of traditions, ceremonies, and taskwork; there was no insight, little or no ■pirituUity, no gladness or spontaneity in religious life and service. Sir. Thompson showed how it was the inevitable law for the first hand glowing oonviotions of one age to became mere conventions end formulas in the : next; aud how this spiritual-mireole of taming the water into w>ne again was having continu ally to be performed. It was still Christ's work to db that by the energy of tiro spirit, whose : omningatPentecost they commemorated that dhy. Peter rejeoted the suggsteiim that it : was vinona intoxication which accounted for what the people saw and heard an the Day of , Fenteoost, but he prooeoded to show that . a true -vital and spiritual exhilaration had : come to him- and his fellow-apostles. It was ■ "new wine," bat not of the spirituons sort. , Whitsuntide, said the preacher, was- not a mere hiBtorio commemoration y it suggested the perpetual recreating enesgy of this spirit' \- iff Christ, which might be" perpetually ex.-. ■ penanced. Many ifiostrstums were used to , show hoes tbs oeurse of religions history bath before mmd sinoe Chriet proved this. Religion* : life was impoverished m. these daps because people seemed to think only of something done ; m Jerusalem IJXfD years ago whioh aonld ! never be repeated. Mr. Thompson held bint : it might M repeated in- aa its essential' : f natures continually; and was indeed befog; so ; repeated. What we wanted was more faith in , the ever-present energy of the Holy Ghost— : [ more patienoe, more reverence,- morereoeptive j nesa; a greater readiness to see Christ both in I old forms and new ones. Mr. Thompson also ; showed at length how the same process of {enriohment might be taking plaoe oon I tenuously in the individual life. The wine of I the past might fail, the oreed of tbe old days I no longer satisfy, but Christ'was ever present 1 to provide fresh wine for th'e sustenance of the ■ booL The spiritoaX amlfl waver fail out of > nan or- out ef the wovfth In the evening ; Ma, Thompson based his remarks on the story of the demoniac who after-being oured prayed : Oin»t that he- might-remain with Him, but of whom- Christ made a missionary to his own borne and. city ai l distriot. The point of the sermon was to show that religious emotion was not simply to be indulged but used in psactioal aervice for humanity; Feeling was force for duty. Than was a good deal of religious sentimentalism andseffiehnesB wbioh : thought only of having ugood time, but took very little thought for the woe∧ needs of others. Every one was bound to be a borne missionary up to the messnraof Ins enlighten ment and- experience. A number of illustra tions drawn from different sonrcee were used to. enforce this theme, and the-preacher : laid speoiat stress on bearing witness for Christ and religion at home in one's own actual conditions and snrroundinge. Hang a man aspired to be a light of the worid who had not yet learnt to be the illuminator of his own little home-oircla. Good ooIleotionB wise token for the Primitive Methodist Home Missions. 'Mb. W. H. Jddhs Sokdat Lectube.— At an early hoar on Sunday attornoen crowds of people were making their way from all parts of the city and enburba to the Town Hall, and long before toe honr of opening as* immense gathering was standing before toe iron gates. Within ten minutes of the meeting every avail able seat was occupied, and etanding room was not obtainable. Each door of the building had to be manned to keep back theorowd, and some twelve or fifteen hundred disappointed ones had to return to their homes. Mr. Jade's Sunday serviesa are attracting considerable attention, and threaten to assume the proportions of toe great meetings of Moody and Spurgepn. The subject pel acted for yes terday aiternoon wan "The Psalm of Life." The lecturer introduced his subject by speaking of the- great state of unrest and dissatisfaction wbioh permeated the ooaan of struggling humanity.. In the glories of the palace, in the homes of the poor, with money or without, sometimes joyful and sometimes sad, each one hod hie psalm oflifo, Consolation must be looked for in the fast approaching eta when the Ught snd beauty oi Christ's, teaching; the spirit of His noble ex ample, and the infiuenoe-of His pure manhood should breathe onoe more upon the world that creed which many of the Churches of to-day knew but little of—theoreed of ohsritablenea% kindliness, and honest truth. It would be ouly then that the orphan and widow would cease to suffer wrongs, when yonth would rejoice in purity and virtue, and ohildren and parents would give kindly encouragement to each other. Main weald then be- brave and noble; fallen womanhood would rise from the deptbB of degradation to the. high pinnacle whence it had- been dragged. As the works of the great painters of the world kept their memories green, so the actions of young men would live after them. Mr. Jude said ha conld not admire the man who ostentatiously walked the street with a Bible under his arm or paraded at every tnm his blue ribbon. He had far greater respect for the man who oarried the Bible in his faoe and the peaoe which parned understanding in his heart, or the man who promoted tbecause of temperance by his own example in keeping sober. The lecturer spoke of the lost opportunities and wasted lives of numbers of young men who at that mfiment were singing their " FsaFm of Life" within the walls of the Adelaide prison. He entreated young men to make a good start, and then go forward-in lite, as there was no suoh thing as standing still. If they were not progressing they must be going baokward. The leoturer during the afternoon sang " The Better Land" (Jude), " Behold 1 I stand ait the door" (Jude), " He wipes the tear from every eye,"'" Peaoe, perfect peace," and other sacred selections. His Worship the Mayor and the Mayoress were again present. Mr. Jude gives a descrip Diocesan Rbpobx of Post Augusta.—The fourth report of the liabilities of the Bo man Catholic Diocese of Port Angusta has been published, and'to judge by foe information td be found therein (saya the Ditpaiek) it is at satisfactory, considering the depressed time^ as those wbioh have preceded it. The ex penditnce shown for toe twelve months ending Kovetaber 20,1802, was £2;299 10s. 3d., while tbe total reoeipts were £4,297 4s, 9d. Thus it will be seen that, a reduction, of liabilities, amounting to £1,99714s. 6d., has resulted. Tha following extract from, the report willgivea good idea of the state of things:—"Taking the two classes of .our liabilities—the old ana the new—separately we have the following figures:—Under the heading'old liabilities' the charges against tbe various amounts amounted for the year to £984 4b. 5d. Of this sum foe great bulk represented interest accruing for tbe term. The income, on the other hand, was £2,868 15s. 5<L The balance in oar favour—in dicating a decrease of mdebtodhosg amounted to £1,8841] a, Tbe latest item, therefore, to be added to the table showing ear position from year to year so far aa the 'old liabilities.' of the Diocese are concerned is of the same encouraging nature, ae were the items pre viously entered. For the suaoessive yean of our history onr indebtedness in connec tion with the old aocounte of ths Dioaeea stands thus:—August 13, 1889, £18,696 9a.; ' November 30, 1890, £13.539 8a. 7d.; No vember 30, 1891, £9,110 2a. 5d.; November 30, 1892; £7,225' lie. Qd. As regards 'new liabilities'—those incurred in connection with aocouuts opened sinoe tbe formation of the See—the expenditure for the year amounted to £1,315.5s. lOd. Of this outlay but a small fraotion was lost in interest; for by far the greater portion we have foil value in tbe assets seoured. The receipts farthe term cams to £1,428 9a. 4cL Here again; as- will be Been, we have the balance in onr favour. Whili adding materially to tbe diooesan. properties, weetiilwere enabled to finish the year with an indebtedness leas by £113 3s. 6d. than out indebtedness at foe dose of the previous twelvemonth." Phuobae,—From Truth and. Prograt for May 18:—The Ber. Thomas Spurgeon has sailed foam New.Zealand for London, and will enter npen his-engagement aft- tbe Metro politan Tahernade during July. He goes via Amenoa,jndis to take part with Mr. D. la Moody in evangelistic euniims at Chicago.— Mr. Henry Battiey, a prommeatNew Zealand Baptist and enthusiastia Endeaveurer, after spending a few dayB in Adelaide sailed by sh* Urmozfor England, where he will represent New Zealand at toe Bradford Endeavom Conventian.—Tbe Rev. D. Davis trill entos upon his UBir pastorate st Gawler on Bandar, June 4.—The Rev. A. Hyde is snpplyfog the Cburohes at Georgetown and Clever Hill for a few Sundays.-—Mr C. H. Goode is at present hi Sydney; on business csnnsofed with tha A.H.P. Society, of wbioh he is a Director.— The Bev. Charies Bright Bwraooepted the Presidency of tbs Norwood ObnitiAD Socio* logical Society, and bids fair to oome out strongly on sociological lines.—The Rev. J. Painter is, we are informed, taking hold at Mount Gem'oierby his toonghtfnl and earnest pteaohing.—'The Rev. W. Jones has accepted the pastorate of the Church at KmRbtehndge, and has . entered npoo- his duties feere. From the Ohraticm fVeeWyot May 19:—Ths Revs. J. Blanket and J. J. Nioholls, who Are _ j writing: fiiwu AtijiiiVj ffiwa -So Iw eujuyiug wwlmp.— j Tbe Rev. O. T. Newman, luring closed Ins Borne Mimioneampaips in the Soufe-Bect, is j expected t» aeturn *o She eiity *o-fiay.—Hie Rev. W. G. Taylor, who is visiting Great ■ Britain said America in the internet of the mission in Sydney, wiffcwhioh be has twon ao Jong identified, will rises through Adelaide at the end of this mouth. We understand that he will preaoh at Kent Town in the morning and at Bine-street in the evening of the S8A ins*. On the following Monday and Tneeday evenings Mr. Taylor will lecture m the Victoria Ball upon "ThB Forward Movement in Sydney." The lecture will be illustrated by limelight views and brightened by musical -illustrations by Mr. Taylor.— The Rev. Thomas Bird, of Fireman tie, has left for Geraldton to make arrangements for supplying that-Circuit, rendered vaoatrt by the Roath of the late Rev. J. _N. Mills Tt is possible Mr. Bird may be indnoed to stay for an me time amongst his old friends in that Circuit.—Mr. and Mm. Kelly, formerly of YankaliUa, jmd parents of Mr. J. R. Kelly. M.P., epent « lonfjr, happy, and useful life together. United in heart and band from Aarly youth to hoary age, "in their death they were not divided." The wife entered into; lest tm Sunday and the husband on Wednes day last. i The Salvation Asht.—The subscriptions | in aid of the Training -Homes in South Aue j tralia of the Salvation Army are complete, j And on gumming everything up we hud that j W» have raised the sum of £283, being an j advance of £21 cn last year's amount. This, j we are inoliued to think, is a deoided victory, ; and speaks more loualy than words osn of the \ (determined effort made by our comradtB in! this direction. The Southern Division was of ! course first, having raised £126, the Central j making a g->od second with £96, and the ^Northern, wbere very much -financial depres eon exists, coming in with £60.—War Grp. ■ Salvation Abut Appointments.—■•Captain G. Sargent to Port Victor, Captain R. Sargent to Port Adelaide. The Day op Humiliation in Victoria.— j The Melbourne papers of May 18 contain j extended reports of the services at the Town j Hall and Anglican Churches on Wednesday j for humiliation and prayer. The eervices i were very largely attended, In tbe course of | his address at St. Paul's Cathedral Bishop j Goe said:—"They were passing through bitter trials as the result of their own wrong- j doing, and that, so far from making their! humiliation easier, mads it the more difficult. [ For bis own part he had never «xperienced ' euoh contrition in days gone by. The wilder- I nese in this fair land had been subdued by [ their forefathers, who had suffered hardship j and privation so that their children might j enjoy the fruits. And they, the children, had ! done exaotly what tbe children of Israel had j done when they entered the Land of Promise, j ■They had been carried away by the greed of j of gold. According to tbe wordsof the Roman > satirist, man's aim was 'To get money, ; . honestly if possible; but toget money.'. That ■ satire seemed to have been aooepted literally by the people of Melbourne. Let them lock at the 'land boom,' and recolleot how in that: miserable time men imagined that the fancied ! values of land were equivalent to the money! obtained by honest endeavour and bard work ; j. when men were induoed to believe That the : fiotitiou9 prices of land were real and were: being lured to ruin and misery. At the time ■ there was no one bold enough to tell the; people that tbe whole thing was imagination,1 and that they were living in a house of' cards, whioh sooner or later inuBb fall \ down. So men went on, and the horrible, greed of gold caused untold selfishness and! misery, till at last they bad come absolutely to warship gold. They had sinned as much " As if they had plnoed Nebuchadrezzar on the communion table of the Cathedral, and bowed down before it as the unbelievers of old bad done. They had raised up the idol of gold at whioh to worship, and they had called this in their folly ' Australian go,' as a oloalc Tor their selfishness and wickedness. But by whatever name they called it, it was most offensive in the eight of God—this all-absorbing lust for money. They proposed for those errors to humilitate themselves in the eight of God and man, for the trouble they were in eeemed to say that nothing could be done. They could not get on without God. They were reaping tbe fruits-of what they had sown, ' And they must bend their hearts to the Almighty in proper contrition and humble ness. They should remember the pleading; words of Solomon when he prayed for those; who sinned, and in reverential meekness and j earnest humility ask pardon for the sins of the [ past, making a determination that they should not be repeated in the future." 