THE EVERLASTING GHOST. A I'Jiantoin Thut na« .Mudo Little I»roß ron» lu TIuuiK.-ini!» «if Yearn. - "Wc aro asked to believe in ghosts be canse in every age there have been ghost stories. But would it not be more nat- ural to suppose that in every age the hu- man mind has been subject to aberra- tions, and that some specific weaknesspr irregularity of the mental constitution or of the physical organ, tho brain, on-which all thinking, so far as -we are aware, de- pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? Wo cannot pretend as yet to know the mind thoroughly in health and disease, but this wo do know, that there aro thou- sands and millions of persons whose lives are never intruded on by ghosts and .who know absolutely nothing of "occult" . ? .phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman's figures, only one woman in ? twelve and one man in ten has had any "occult" experiences. . Now, what wo should like very much to have would ba a further analysis of these figures show ing the percentage of nighty or othcr . '. wise ill balanced minds among thei,'oc cult" and the "nonoccult£,(if WP^jrlay^só " ' ' apply tho. words) classes réjjïp iiitiy^Jjj?^^ Our own experience Sy'/ald lead ns' to believe' that the ' proportion would ho vastly, larger.iT'tfie former class than in the latter. " Who has not lcnown many examples of the tremulous, nervous, hy- persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical .' ; or semihysterical type of constitution among tho devotees of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as we believe _ ' they must, to the mind of every one, is it not at least a probablo inference that .'occultism" in its variouB phaseB has something to do with that kind of mind? The ghost may bo very ancient, but wo do not believe in him the more. Tho trouble about him is that ho has mado no progress sinco the earliest times. In fact, on the wholo, ho has fallen back. Wo should not be disposed to talk pf - tho "levitation" of Elijah ourselves had not theiRev. Mr. Haweis vised tho term be- fore us. But if, following the reverend gentleman's lead, wo consider the proph- et's alleged translation in that light, surely it was a most successful feat in ' "levitation," nnd a little ahead of any- thing tho modern world can show. And,'speaking generally, tho appari- tions and visions and other spiritual or Vi ir occult phenomena of ancient times had '/./?.inore,'.'body" to them than those of our ni'.-¡ own day. If>therefore tho" ghost has made no progress in the course'of three . or four thousand years, if ho is just as , uiiinstructive and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as ho was when wo first , encountered him, if not a little more so, . . ..we may perhaps bo pardoned for think '.i! ? lng that ho may be safely and fairly ig . :- nored bv neoirie who have an average .amount of business to attend to. -Pop ular »cionco jaoutniy. 