One of Sir Richard Owen's Ghost Stories. Sir Richard Owen (says a correspondent of the Daily News) had two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better of the two ; but its quality can scarcely be judged of when detached from the peculiarly ex- pressive style the old Professor had, which added a charm to his telling of the story. In hiB early days, when he held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post morlem as well as an inquest were necessary. After the inquest, ths young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down to be ready for the funeral next day.«- Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In tue evening be returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed, and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the goal has a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, with snow and frost. Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length-the bag went from his hand and the head tumbled out and rolled down the pared way. He jumped np, caught the bag, and following the head, clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by.the woman of the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The 1 man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West India Islands, where many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro, in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these details, the old captain tsld of the horrible event that took place the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when sud- denly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the Devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disap- peared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was perhaps not quite compli- mentary to the young anatomist, but.it was satis- factory so far that it showed that his identity had not been recognised, i ? 