MIKING NOTES. (£?? 'Fl*EELANCB.') The share martcfc tins week will be ft 1 revelation to some holder^ Ail silver stocks have had a most serious decline is values. Queens oold from 33s yesterday tc 22s to-day, Oonahs fiom 2s lOd to 2s 2d, Sylvesters Irom 2s 2d to la 9d, Adelaides froze Is 2d to JQd, Comets from 2b 2d to Is 7d, Junctions from -is 5d to 3a lid, and ot^er necks in like proportion. Th«3 'ccrrcncr Dtoh.'cm ' is the motive power that has rwtna'.cd this down-grade move, and as the public foilow u lead like fhtcp it ia not surprising to zzc such a heavy fall in shure valued. It is question able, however, whether the scare is not too wrcat, and one is half inclined to thick that tho gentle public wiii soon be discovered ' v, -nipping the cat,' and wishing they had not sacrititcd their chares In such haste. Tbo ' currency problem ' is bound to have a most iin[iort&n.L; bearing on the ultimate future of many silvi.r mines, and doubtless eome mines will have to shut down ; bnt bow many 8pcouIatoi6 here ever troubled th;-iT hcaas to coneider how much Bilrer must be worth per ounce to enable us to make our minfc»a pr»y I Very few, I am sure } alii yet they now suddenly discover that earue oj our mines that have not yet put one ounce of silver ot: tbe mfi,rket— bccaime they have net had any co put— are worth, so far asthcv.ilue of their shares are concerned, 30 per cent, lesa than they were yesterday 1 Siofttot the Tasmauiau mincB that ha-vcan ore cntpuc cccld be made profitable with silver aa lew as 2s per oz. Our easily treated gal' na lctlca are nearly a source of profit in their lead contents alone. When the question of ' currency' is finally eertled we may look fcr a more eet.tled raarhet. and a calm contemplation of tho whole question is 15kely to show that we have only bsen scared by a ' ghost.' Tasmania shares have gocd buyers at 37s 6d, sellers 456. Ph'vnix shares have had good business at 2s 3 J. Pinafore shares are offering at 12s without inducing business. West Volunteer. —The most important de velopment of the Week has been ic this mine. At the 200ft level ia the cross- cut scuih fnai the ahuft th-y broke through the foot-wall of the Volunteer lode, and dis covered a loot of solid quartz ebowing jiold freely. The cross- cut its being pushed ahead to gct- the hanging-wall, and is now in 6ft beyond the solid stone, and is Btiil in lode 1'ormatioD, bunches of qnartx, pug, etc. The hanging- wall will probably, be found 6fc further south. In zay West Coast cotes of the 27th we were just leaving the railway station for | the .township. From the station, known as : the Sing end, to the other end of the main : street, known as the Queen end, is probatly over two miles. The mud on the road varies from 3in deep, in tlie shallow parte, to a loot 1 in the wurBt places. No foo( paths exist, ; and the constant carting of ore and gooHs has simply mat!u what ntver was a good ; roui into a btasily quagmire. The unfor ! lunate pc-J.-R'jinn h*s jjo cJiwicd About j.ickicg hie or Iut Way — you simply flop along in the nuise trackfi up n jour boot and nl lich'f over tht-rn. Kvcryona at fct'Lan wears leggings ; I am told that on occ&sioce; tbo tuii' sex do not disdain to adopt this portion of male alt ire, and small blame to t)iciu. Long-iraincd dresses arc not tbe f&shion; on Zcchan, Butcbcr boys and ether a m lwrEcback hav- a playful little hahil ol' canteriug their hcbiB through lb'2 mud, and bespattering unfortunate pedestrian* with mud from head ;o knee — the rest of your anatomy can not get spl&Bhr;'d, Zeeban mud has one good point — it i6 not adhesive! and soon drica up. Ze:han as a town strikrs the vititor as a very busy place. The architecture of the buildings is of course in even stylt, but6till the bulfe of the buildings wonld do credit to any town. ] saw shop fronts aud contents equal to any in Brisbane-street. Stores, drapers, chemists, printers, boot warehouses, fruit shops, stavionere- tobacconists, bakers, butcheTs, watchmaketE, and every other trade i6 fully represented. Zeeban has 14 hniele, all fiue handsome buildings, and all apparency doing a good trade. The roomB are all a visitor could desire, and tbe tabic excellent. Zeehan is fortunate in having a newspaper of its own. The Ztrhan and Dunda*' Iterald if an unpretentious sheet, but eagerly read by its numerous patrons. It is a 6taunch sticker for Zsehan's rights, and supports the cause of the workers. Mr A. Gordon, at one time on the staff of the Mcrcury, filla the editor's chair, and is ablv seconded by Mr D. J. O Ktefe. As might be expected tbe sons of St. Crispin have a busy time at Zet'haD, and the class of good6turncd ont are particularly adapted to the cliinaf. Tbe A.hJ.A, ore Luilriin^r a fine hall in which to hold th.ir meetings and locate th-ir e^.v'ec-ry. The various churcbc6 are sU iypv&yated;, and lit-.- liimau Catholic building is a particularly br.udsoarc one. The Salvation Army with their . ccustotatd hospital is ample ior present requirements, iu.i ie moEt t-xcdlcntly managed. Ziehnu has a tovn and hcfipit&l; board, and the elections for otlice are keenly contested. The town board intend some day to have j rhc fao patbr madu ; w^nt uf money is tbe I i prtBont Suurublinp Week. A projected tram i way company would do tht - work, only went of mone.t seems their fai'icg also, i Aefayers have a fairly busy time ou Zeehan, while the n;e bcyintrcomoanieB are I reprinted by thi'ir own a^payi rs. 1 have only bneny eterctied tni- townsnip as it is, | r.nd venture to 6-y that in three years from 1 now its present population of about 3000 will be doubled ; those best able to judge are positive ae to the future of the field, and they bave evidently gone there to stay. Next week 1 propose to give my account of a few of the principle mines I visited, their present and, as far ss could be gleaned, their future prospects. 1 do not pretend ro a geological account, but simply intend to give the views of a businessman, who had an opportunity of visiting the same min^s 18 months since. June 2'.*. Tbe secretary ef the Hobart Pnblie Bfeook Exchange notified the £61ktwing nisi Sast night: — West Volunteer (eon.), Isj Bast f- olden Gate (con.), 6d ; Adelaide (paid)» Is fid ; Adelaide (con.), 0{d, 9d ; Bsnner* cross, Id ; Comet, is 7d ; Sylvester, Is lOd ; Silver Stream, €d ; Grubb's (paid), 7fl 6d ; Grubb's (can.), 7s Bd; Mount Bold, 6s; South Mount Reid, 19s, 18s Gd, 18s, 17s 6d ; Oonah (psid), 2s 6d ; Oonah (eon.), 2s 8£d ; Sacramcnto, fid ; Queen, 28s, '22s Od, 22s 6d, 28s, 28s 8d, 28s 6d, 23s Sd. 