TWO GHOST STORJES BY LUKE SHARP. Detroit Free Pre**. The events here related were told to me ly persons intimately connected with them persons who In An: ordinaiy aJfoira of life' would he believed. ' Mies A- was a strong, healthy HSngliiJi girli exceedingly sensible, and one who was a fcoffer at ghoete. Like the other woman, she did not believ«* in ghosts, but unlike her, she ttjisnrtt afraid of them. Fhe was invited to stay at a friend's house in Ireland and this house bad a haunted room Miss A. asked permission to sleep in the liaunted zoom and the pennission woe we luetantly granted, forthoee in the heuse thoroughly believed in the ghost. It wa« nearly midni^it when Mi'bb A. ] went to the haunted room, wiutih was situated in the front part of the house overlooking the carriage drive t&at; led to the entrance. She looked around the room, which was furnished in a modern manner, and saw nothing to dis quiet her, but asshe was preparing for bed she heard a carriage eome up the drive and apparently stop at the front^oor.'Afitonished that any visitors should arrive sa late, she parted the curtains and looked Out. It was a lovely moonlightnight, the moon shiningfull on the front of the place, making the drive m light almost as day. Fhe saw standing opposite fte door two black horses and a closed hearse. The driver bad got down from his seat and was standing by the horses, looking np at her window with Iub hat in his hand, ffis face was bloodless sothing but skin and bone-the face of one almost, but not quite & skeleton. It says much for Miss A.'s nerves that she did not call out nor faint. More than (hat, die stayed until morning in the r oom, altho ugh she did not sleep, and next day told them that she had seen nothing of a ghostly nature in the haunted chamber, attributing her pale Bess to lack of sleep. Fhe insisted on. remai ning iti the room the second night in spite of the protestations of her bostea, who firmly believed she had seen something. Keit night the same tiling happened, but this time her nerves gave way and. she ran in to the hall and fainted. The result of this was a long illness and whether Miss A. saw a ghost or not there is no doubt about the fact that her health has been permanently impaired by her two night's stay in the house in Ireland. East winter she was so ffl that her mother took her to the Biviera in the hope that change of srene ?would obliterate the memory of the man with the hearse. Apparently the stay in the w"outh of France had that result, fot Kiss A. became her old self again. On the way haiue they stopped at a large hotel. The girl became suddenly worse and on being questioned told J her mother with a shudder that she had met the hearse driver in the corridors of (he hotel. The mother was shocked to find the old del usion, as she called it, return ng. fghe finally succeeded in getting the girl to believe It was only fancy, but when they returned to the hotel that afternoon and were about to enter the elevator to go to their room thet irl drew back and said in a horrified, whisper to her mother that the elevator man was the dearer of (he hearse. The mother saw that the man was 'a most eadaverous-looking individual and he peeing them hesitate, said: Are you going up, ladies r Two other persons "were in the elevator vesting. * Ho,' eaid Mrs. Ac we'll walk Hie man dosed the lift door and went"«p; it Hie fourth ptorv the rope broke, the -elevator {<>0, and killed both the visitors and thf attendant. , ThoeeSdho told me the etaiy looked upon this as a hint that we ehonld not neglect warnings from the other world and they think that what MIES A_ saw in Ireland was the means of saving her life, quite ignoring tbe fact that if she had not seen the virion or whatever it was her health would not have broken down, she wonld not have being stay ing at that hotel and wj^ilierefore noti "have been in danger of gomg"on that elevk- ] lor. The events next to be related happened in tondon only » few weeks ago. Mn. X. bad been ill for some time, but was not supposed tbfie in .iauediate-daBger: W» died. sud denly and«nexpeetedly one night about S o* clock. >?© unanticipated «aa thisevent that her husband was from home at the time. Hewaesent fbrand arrived about niidnight. There were two children, little girls aged 8 and 12. Their governess asked Mr. X. whatever he or she would hell them of the aad event of the night before. The father said he WO aid break the news to them and he said furthermore that he did not with t^em to eeethefoody, hut preferred they should retain the recollection they had of their mother from seeing her while she wae | .UT. j \- Mr, X. went upstairs to die room of his littie girls and found them awaIce. He told Ihem as well as he could that their mother bad to gp away and that they would not be able tocher for a. tang time. *Yes,* said the elder girl, we know.' 'How did you know?' asked the fMher, la surprise. sWTiotold yon?* 'Mttthercameinlaet nightand wokeus up and said that die was going away. She kissed us and told ub to he good little girls.* The ysusger girtcorroborated Hob and the duMieaft seemed, had gone to eleep again quite contented. Sby had been talking orer their mother's visit when the father entered the room in the morning. Asfar as Mr. X. could learn no one had told the children of their mother's death. 