Fossickers. Newcastle, Thursday. — Up tiU-last^nifeht-iSB men had received railway passes froin this dis trict to the goldfields of the country, 68 of the number going from Greta. More passes are being given out by Mr. Creer this morning, there being 100 men awaiting their turn.. : J: ..s7:ij« .si^i.*»i From Hargraves it is reported that a Mrs. Cronin has been lying there for 12 months speech less and helpless through a paralytic stroke. 'She : has continually been endeavoring to get out on one side of her bed, and this led to a search being made in that direction, which resulted in a floor ing board being found loose, beneath which was found a pickle bottle containing 132 sovereigns and one half-sovereign, evidently the savings of the woman. The third sitting of the Christian Conference in the Petersham Town Hall was held on Wednes day. At the afternoon meeting the Kev. M. Beavley spoke on 'Seeking the Spiritual Welfare of Others/' and the Bev. F. J. Stephen on ' Seeking the Temporal Welfare of Others. The interval meeting was led by Mr. E. F. Field. In the evening the hall was packed till there was scarcely standing room. The Sev. Chas. Whyte, ALA., spoke on ' The v Holy Ghost Shedding Abroad the Love of God,? and the chairman (the Rev. T. B. Tress) on 'Keep Yourselves in the Love of God.' The Board of Health forwarded the following opinions of Crown- law- officers respecting the Dairies Supervision Act to the Alexandria Council : 1. Vendors of goats' milk must be regis tered as milk vendors under the act. 2. A person who. keeps a dairy entirely, composed of goats mast be registered as a dairyman under the act. 3\. Only such persons as sell or supply milk .for profit are required to be registered under the act. Many years ago. Sir George Dibbs says, he carried a resolution throngh the Rouse that a light line of railway should be built to Moree. He had come to see for himtftlf if that railway was possible, practicable, and payable, and he had satisfied himself that the district was Worthy of a Milmgr. 