CONSECRATION OF CHRIST . CHURCH, CLAREMONT. The consecration, service of the newly erected Anglican Church at Claremont, took place OB Tuesday afternoon. (The little edifice, whioh was built to accommodate 120 people, waa crowded by members *f tba Congregation and visitors from Perth, including His Ex- cellency Sir William F. C. Bubinsoc, G.C.M.G., and Sir James Lee Steere. The ohuroh is built cf freestone with cement dressings. It is 40 feet long and 25 feet wide, with a maximum height of 34 fest, of whioh the walls measure 18 feet. It is well ventilated, and provided with suitable fittings, reflecting credit eu the architect, Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs, and the contractors, Messrs. Boundy & Locke. The ceremony was per- formed by Bishop Parry, who was assisted by Dean Goldsmith, Archdeacon Watkins, from Fremantle, the Bev. Mr. Harston and Mr. F. G. Williams, the registrar of she diocese. The hymns were rendered by the choristers of Perth Cathedral. The formal petition having been presented to the Bishop, and the preliminary portion of the Eervioe having been duly rendered, His Lord- ship eolemsly declared the church "to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Hely Ghost." The Bishop then preached the consecration sermon, tak» log bis text from xev. Psalm, 6th and 7th Terses,-*' Oh, Oom« let ns worship and fell down, and kneel before the Lord, our Maker. For he is the Lord oar God, and we are'tba people of bis pastare and the sheep of his hand." The text was very familiar to them, as it occurred in the morning service, and re« minded them of the great and glorious kind- ness, and the manifold goodness of Godt lb pointed ont that it was a duty and necessity of hf e to come into the presenoe of Sod, to warship and return thanks. Beverenoe and worship were simply His due. It was, there- fore, right that they should como into His presenoe and meet together publicly to ack- nowledge their dependence upon Him, and offer their thanks for His great, blessings. It was not only their duty to do this-,, but it waa also a necessity, for in what rela- tion did they ajtand towards Him ? Try to. live without Him, and they could do nothing. He should oooupy the first place in their lives. That they should attend worship in the House of the Lord was frequently oomv manded in the Scriptures, not only directly but also by implication. But there Was elsa another reason. Incoming into His house they escaped from the world and it» cares, and so acquired % more reverent frame oj? mind. This would be sufficient reason fe* having ohurches throughout the land. Bas there was a further reason. The. church ser- vice consisted of prayer, praise, and the hearing of God's Word, whian were the chief elements of the work of God. He. trusted thè church whioh had just been consecrated to the work of God, would afford the people, increased opportunities for attending publia worship, and that they would profit by those, opportunities. THE quarterly meeting of the Swan Riva* Mechanics' Instituts ivas held on Monday evening, iu tho reading-room. There was a. large attendance of members. Verjr little business WSB transacted. The treasurer a balanoe sheet for the Marah quarter showed that, inoluding a credit batanee of ¿648 18s, 5d. on the let. of Jbmnasy hwt,. the reoeiptä anpuni^d tP 4128 2s. 5fl. The expenditure w$s MS 4s. 10d., leaving a credit balanoe of £42 17s. 7d., at the. beginning of the present quarter. The balance sheet Was adontodi ead the meeting brought to a elese., 