DANGKROUS JOKING. ARTIN was the eldest sou and hope ol Mr. Lord, th-j .Squire of Morten, (lis amiable disposition and supet ior intellect procured for him univeisal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old anil young ; but ho never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he bceamo intimate with Isabella Ashton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thoughtless girl in the village. She could have ...,, ,, ... . , , ,lUjle with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange ., . , 1 u 1 • .- , t.iat he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. evening Isabella had a social gatheriii^ of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and tlie company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when Mine one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen iu the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there ; and J doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you arc ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the churchyard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." "And what would that prove?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. Ilow could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of f' "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would righten incin the least." " Ha, ha ! but you shall not escape so," aughed Isabella. "Here, before these, our riends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying 011c given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, " provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, aud declare 011 your honour when you return thai you were not afraid." " Agreed," said Martin, buttoning bis coat. And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can brin^ back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the churchyard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilliantly in the clear, cold sky—then Uking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martiu's trength of courage was gone in an instant. ourage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming lo grow whiter and larger as it approached. Wc cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading eonic j tragic termination to the farce they rushed lo the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively ab its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help One of the oung men forced Martin to relax his hold n the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed he blood-st-ained features of Isabella, disorted in death. Martin uttered an nearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the orpse. He never spoke again, and lived but few months, to die an idiot. 