CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. A CnRISTIArN conference, which w as attended by about 200 persons, was held in the Wickham Primitive Methodist Church on Saturday. Two sessions, were held, the first at 3 p.m., when the chair was occupied by Alderman J. Gilbert (Mayor of Wickham), who said he was glad to have the privilege of welcomin~ such a goodly number of ropreson tatives from the various Christian churches. It was most pleasing to find such a spirit of real unity existing in the city, and he hoped the sessionis would tend to strengthen these bonds. The meetings had been arranged with a vieow of encouraging all Christian workers, . and strengthening the position of the Church of God amongst us. Rev. 1H. H. RIClHARDS, Wesleyan minister, of Hamilton, addressed the meeting on " Christian Fellowship." Ho showed howi necessary it was to have a common aim and a oneness of spirit, and dealt chiefly with the ideas of companionship myld communion with each other and with Christ. Major UNswonTIc also spoke of "Christian service," remarking that every Christian should be a worker and a serv'ant of others, even as Christ was. There were, howover, qualifications necessary to right service, and foremost amongst these was purity of heart and cleanliness of life. Rev. S. HAnmsoN, of Wickham, followed by a brief address on " OChristian Strongth." saying that a man was only strong to help his follows and servo his God in proportion as he gained the spirit of Jesus Christ. Every man should put into practical use the talents and powers he possessed if he would bccomne spiritually strong. Other testimonies to the joy of Christian service and the blessedness of Christ-life fol lowed, and prayers brought the session to a close. After tea Mr. JoAx DIXON occupied the chair, and inmpressed upon all the necessity for a truer consecration of the whole lifo to Christ, and by this means more effectually working for and winning our fellows. Much more could rind must beo done by the Church of God. Pastor SnlAnr read a paper on "Our Immediate Need," which he thought was witness bearing for Christ and His great salvation. To this end there should be con viction of truth and duty. No pandering to the men-made schemes of our time must be thought of, no flinching from any heaven sent duty. Every man was a bearer of some message, and only he could rightfully do liver it. Rov. C. WIrYTE, M.A., followed with an excellent address on " Our Relation to the Masses." IIo referred to the antagonism of the world to God and God's laws. The Christian could not live in the atmosphere of a man alienated from God, and vice versa. The world, however, was to be overcome by the grace of God, and changed into the like ness of Christ; but in order to accomplish this we must be clothed with the power of the Holy Ghost, without which the change could not be effected. Rev. J. Asmonm n addressed the meeting, encouraging all workers in the vineyard of Christ, and showing the greatness of the re ward, both in the present joy and enlarge mont of heart, and tho future " Well doneo'" of Heaven. Hoe also emphasised the need for working more zealously amongst young people, from whom much might be expected, Testimony and praybr followed, many persons acknowledging the nowyer and benefit derived.from both the sessions. White blankets 3s Gd, ol. quilts is Od, Turkishtowels 2.d. Kittson's winding-upsalo.. 