HOW WE DID DAW BAW DT 1893. (cOSTISTTED.) Br WAT GOLDIE. Nevertheless the ghost continued his meandering! and finished all his diabolical schemes before he vanished from us that night. When we bad got the ghost off the scene, and bad got Scrooge sufficiently punished, the listeners were satisfied, and were prepared to submit t» something more lively. Tim, who occupied bis old position in the centra of the ring nearest the fire, « Dd had boe«t daspentely trying to maintain soilence " while the ghost was about, ow gave himself into the hands of the party, and forthwith bad to deliver himself of that recitation in which a twin boy gets mixed np with his brother, and cannot tell whether he is the one who is living or the brother who is dead. Lucy Wentworth then introduced to tbe company a new edition of « Home, Sweet Home;" some conclusions in which Tim O'Keefe, by an ingenious and subtle method of reasoning, clearly demonstrated to be logical fallacies. We cannot here follow the intricacies of his reasoning, bat must say that it caused us a great deal of fan. We were soon brought back to more sober and sweeter thoughts by Jules Johnson, who —when nnanimously requested—sang " A Flower from My Angel Mother's Grave." None of us knew that there was so much pathos in the song before. Oar angelic trio, who, by the way, were as fresh and obliging as ever, warbled one of their sweetest strains, and then helped Mrs. Delmer and Essie Langtoa to prepare supper. It mast be said here that the three ladies known as " the wingless angels," by their kindness and unselfishness, added in no small degree to the pleasure of the excursion. Indeed, Sam Westwood owed bis speedy recovery from a rather nasty kick which has not been before mentioned to the remedies supplied from the medicine-chest ©f the ministering angel. Now to the supper. Of all the meals we had hitherto had I think it might be Said that this Bupper was the noisiest. Arnold Wack and Timothy were simply insnppressible. With the coffee came a few more lively choruses, and i these were followed by some of Tim's remaining stories. That night everybody slept more quietly and, we should infer, monesoandly than the night before. There was only one outburst. It occurred at about I o'clock in the morning. Mis. Delmer's only explanation of this disturbance was the fact that a rat had been discovered in the tent and had, consequently, given several of its fair occupants a shock to the nervous system. A good deal of uncertainty existed, however, as to whether it might not have been merely a dream. We had, however, to take the lady s word for it. The announcement of Marley's death was abont tbe first intelligence that reached the camp 00 Saturday morning. Bat there was a tardiness abont the turning out of Sam Westwood and Tim O'Keefe that gave rise to considerable anxious enquiry as to whether anything serious had befallen either of them. It was afterwards surmised, from the fact that they had called for a needle and cotton —and from the additional fact that a piece of trouser-pocket, that had evidently been cat from for patching, had been found in the tent—that one of the two above-mentioned gentlemen had somehow, during the day, lost a piece of his pants. Tbe story of how it happened mast, I am afraid, be lostto posterity. It goes with manr of the other excellent stories that are better left untold. That last morning on Baw Baw ! The hoises had set them the task of disposing of the remainder of the chaff. Squatter Langton and the Captain saw that they did so satisfactorily before aoy preparations to pack up were made. It is perhaps nnnecessuy to remark: that the houses were Highly successful in their efforts in this direction. Before breakfast Essie L«ngtotr, ably 1 believe, by Mrs. Delmer and Lucy Wentworth, managed to fulfil very satisfactorily one of the longstanding promisea to Arnold Wack. Tp get the plot ett«itmm mf "KmotttyhadtoTSealsaenlisted. When Arnold Wade went down to the creek: far bis morning wash he very naturally left his coat in the tent. It was opoa ttus coat that tbe design was made. Timothy's part in the matter was to detain Arnold Wack on his return from the creek sufficieatly long to allow the said ladies to thoroughly sew np his ©••t. To watch tke development of Titrothy's plan waa both interesting and amusing. He decoyed the victim of the plot to a log new the camp-fire, under |he promise of "curling his hair J^bis mother did when he was a boy. 9 * Has curling process was a one, and Arnold grew almost as ...... ,b® might have done in his jlaja. When the signal that '•SW bad been given, Timothy gleefully released .his victim mdper^ milted Mm to do bis own hairuOt most improved style of the d^. Tto «1! ;to breakfast mmit, nil cMcem** hurriedly prepare themselves. Arnold. i S ^ i S ^ concealed, hunrief "'to* well, he——. made » «wn»rk or two which, if they ww» nothing else, where dandadlrto tbe point. ' Xhe tiiM had raw cone to sbik* camp uid to make for home.. Farewell, then, to *ll thfe pleasant experiences that most ever be associated with Fairy Dell! Tbe pack horses, with lighter loads, trot off on their own account down the bills, to be quickly followed by every member of the bawbocracy in tbe best of spirits. Tbe somewhat lengthened stay that was made in order to explore a very enticing retreat by the roadside allowed the pack-carriers to get a considerable distance in advance. When two bonis had elapsed without our sighting the said pack horses, we began to entertain grave feanr respecting our lunch, which had been stowed— with other things—npon the backs of these animals. We bad almost readied the Depot, and still no sign of tbe pack hoi8es. With such a depressing circumstance as this weighing npou our heart?, it may be imagined that the cry, " Here are tbe pack horse*"," was received with considerable delight. We lunched very heartily at the Depot, and then im mediately prepared for the final stage in our journey. The heat of the afternoon and the heavy clouds of smoke that began to float over ns very em pbatic&Ily; reminded ns that we had once more nearly readied the sterner realities of life. We sighed to think that life on Baw Baw must come at sacb rare intervals and most always be cut so Bbort. It should be said here that with all future recollections and memories of the Baw Baw trip there will be associated a little figure, clad in a bright bloe dress, that lent to tbe whole company a charm and grace peculiar to tbe sweet attractiveness of childhood, and left behind many a pleasant picture in the memory of those whom childhood's ways impress. We refer to our little friend, Dollie Delmer. Thongh Tim had more than once remembered tbe sad fact of Marley's death, and had not forgotten to remind the party of it on the way, yet he got unusually quiet towards the end of the journey. When questioned about it he said, "Oi'm savin' me vice (by which, of course, he meant ' voice') for a good onld shout at TanjiL ,, That shout, swelled by the shout of every other bawbocrat, rose into an almost greater din than was made on Thursday morning at starting. Welcome, indeed, were the blackberries we plucked near the Tanjil fences that evening. Thirsty and hungry mortals never relished them more. And welcome, thrice welcome, that refreshing plunge into the deep and cool waters of the Tanjil. The feces of both Lillie Hartwell and Allen Delmer (tbe latter having returned the previous day with two of the packhorses) were among the first to greet us npon onr return to the old post office. Another dismount, a hasty cap of Lillie Hartwell'e best tea, and then we farewelled. Lucy Wentworth and the kindhearted ladies, who have been allnded to in this story as creatures without wings, went in one direction, whilst Squatter Langton and his daughter Essie, with Jules—genial Jules !— Johnson and Arnold Wack, went in another. Timothy O'Keefe and his friend Sam Westvood stayed with the Dalmers for tile night and partook further of their abundant hospitality. It is here that we must introduce one who helped in no small degree to make the Baw Baw excursion so thoroughly enjoyable. His name is Gilbert Sladleigh. Though constantly working in the gold mines on the Tanjil river, Gilbert's hands have never lost their cunning with the piano. He gave us anything we asked for. The classical writers be had at bis finger ends, and many of the modem operas be could play light off. On Wednesday night he btrack the keynote tbe trip, and on Saturday night be caught it ap again. Gilbert Studleigh's choice music and Lillie Hartwell's "Song that Readied my Heartare amongst the plessantest -of the Baw Baw recollection^ We conclude this remme of a memorable excursion by asking a qnesuon similar to tbe one once asked by onr old friend Wi'liam Shakespeare — When shall we fourteen meet again (barring the donkey) 1 Till then, fellow bawbocrate, a fond adien! [TBK END.] 