LADIES' GOSSIP. The Westminster Gazette has an article on "Extravagance in Dress," in which it says chat the dress bill of one titled lady for a year amounts to £1,4S0 10s. and her hat bill for six months to £40 19s. lid. The amount yearly expended on dres.s by women of fashion is set down at from £2,000 to £3,000. A good anecdote is told by Dean Gregory of a fox-hunting parson asked by an evangelical lady at a dinner party if he intended to go to the May meetings. " Meetings in May, madamqueried the astonished clergyman. , " Hounds meet in May! Never heard of such a thing, madam!" The couDtry par3on had no idea that the lady alluded to Exeter Hall. A writer in the Queen, giving a description of the theatre on the first night of "Becket" at the Lyceum, notes that the ladies of a fashionable audience at a London theatre are mostly in full dress—low bodices and short sieeve3. The inevitable velvet sleeves are much seen, and the hair is dressed with a torsade of velvet and small upstanding bouquets in front. Many of the fashionable dressmakers make pretty tea jackets of an elaborate kind for theatre wear, and these fit well and are high to the throat. They are not universally worn, as they are hardly dressy enough. In cold weather they have much to commend them. Mrs. Panton, one of the pioneers of the household decoration movement in England, says in a recent article concerning children's nurseries:—"Every single thing in the nur series Bhould be chosen for its beauty or its color, and id should be as impossible for the nursery to be the abode of uglineBS it once was as id is to find a truly frightful drawing-room nowadays among those, at least, who have learned most satisfactorily that arb as well as charity should undoubtedly begin at home. The child whose nursery has a vile linoleum floor covering, a so-called 'nursery rhyme paper,' or—worse almost style—has on its wails badly-drawn and colored pictureB framed in sham frames made of paper, cannot possibly have commenced its education under auspicious circumstances.' Mrs. Whise-Spunner, of Belfast, has pre-1 pared a magnificent volume of Irish flora for the Irish section at the Chicago Exhibition. The volume has been tastefully bound in dark | morocco. The pages are of special hand made paper almost as tough as parchment, but of a most delicate texture. The first page is tastefully illuminated by Mrs. Whibe-Spunner in appropriate emblems. The collections com prised in the volume have been carefully dried so as to retain the original colors and then affixed to the pages. The arrangements, of course, made on a scientific basis, every order being represented and the botanical name appended to each specimen. Mrs. White Spunner has been most successful in suggest ing the actual growth in every instance. It was believed that before this splendid collec i t-ion went to Chicago it would include every \ Trish flower. All but two or three were already in the hook. A story of supernatural appearances to the Danish Royal family at a cerbain castle is told by a correspondent at Stockholm. The original fabric was, it appears, demolished to get rid of the ghosts, but to no good purpose. It is stated that a month ago the Prince and Princess Royal of Denmark went to reside at the castle and the very firsb night a chamber lain was tossed out of his bed by the spirits. Thab evening a phantom appeared to the princess as she was writing in her boudoir, where all the candles were lib. Prince Christian, the Prince's eldesbson, going to find something he wanted in a dark room came back pale and trembling, declaring thab the room was full of men, who barred his passage. The evening before they left the Royal family were play, ing at whist with the hereditary Prince of Sweden, when he suddenly turned very pale and Baid that some unknown person had been beside him who had suddenly disappeared. Speaking of Miss Plora Shaw, the special correspondent of the Times, whose collected " T.oSSovq frrvm Knnfch Africa" have iust been Letters from South Africa" have just been published in book form and whose able letters from Australia are now running in that journal, the "Westminster Gazette says:—Miss Shaw is one of those women writers whose style is marked by the judgment and argumentative strength sometimes supposed to be specially male characteristics. Adiscuesion on journalists and their methods was onee going on in which Lord Cromer,' who had seen a good deal of special correspondents, took part. Somebody made a remark slighting to the average jour nalistic accuracy. The British Minister—who was, of course, a financier before he wa3 a diplomatist—cited from his experience a striking exception. A journalist had come to him once about a finanoial matter of great public importance, but tedious and complex in its details. He expounded it bub never ex pected to see in print anything more than some loose and perhaps nob very accurate generalisa tion on the subject. In the sequel he was agreeably surprised by an exposition of the ease to the public at once lucid, detailed, and absolutely correct. "And that," he con cluded, " was, oddly enough, a lady journalist." It was Miss Shaw, who is probably better in formed on colonial affairs than almost any other London journalist anrl than any other lad v in England except the Queen. The writer of "Social Gossip from Vanity Fair" in trio Australasian, referring to the revival of "Diplomacy" at the Garriclc Theatre, in London, says it was produced " with the adjuncts of an indoor Roman triumph," and continues:—"The modern Londoner's enthu siasm for the stage is said to be on the wane, and yet the reception given to Mrs. Bancroft surpassed anything of the kind seen in London before. The public who go to the pit and gallery brought camp- stools and waited in the street before the doors from 11 a m. Possibly the management arranged • this latter detail. Still the revival was a great and unqualified success, and all London had been talking of it since. Lured by such a triumph as Mrs. Ban croft has had, close upon CO years of age, is it any wonder that girls are drawn to the stage ; that they work and strive and wait there for years, refusing to believe that they can be I failures or can ever lose all chance '1 When the curtain fell the Prince of Wales first lett his box, went behind the scenes, ana congratulated 'Mrs. 33.,'nobody else being allowed to intrude, Then the parterre de rois from the stalls and boxes, where the cream of fashionable and dis tinguished pleasure-seekers now afloat in Lou don was distributed, went behind the scenes too. The emotion was intense and prolonged. Women kissed—each other. Many wept. Everybody called everybody else by his or her Christian name for awhile. Survivors of the first night of ' Diplomacy,' 15 yearn ago, were objects of much interest. They were strangely numerous too and could be identified, because the World at the time published verses describ ing the original first-nighters." LadyJeune, in the iVDo Rcvieio, specifies the types of women who desire crinoline to come into fashion as follows:—" There are the very thin, lanky women without msthetic tendencies, who have looked miaerahly ugly and who have been conscious of the fact in the clinging garments of the last few years. There are the women with sloping shoulders who have been for many years unable to show to advantage what is considered a strong point of female beauty and which has been entirely hidden under the wide, broad sleeves we Bball discard with the adoption of crinoline, for we shall not have breadth above as well as below. There are the little women with short legs to whom the width of skirt and the length, which will come with it, will be most welcome and becoming; and there are, last and nob least, the fab women who will gladly hope to lose the sense of their large proportions in the debatable space which may be crinoline or something more substantial, but which, at any rate, con ceals from the public eye that increasing volume of person of which only fat women know the bitterness." TRIMMING OF RIBBON FOR EVENING BODICE. 