A LADY'S LETTER. My dear Amelia—Lady Kintore left us yesterday. We are all sad to think she will be so long away, and sadder still to think that this departure is but a prelude to one that will be final. You will, I know, be sorry to hear that she is going to leave Australia, but, 1 believe, it is quite decided that she is going to England as soon as she returns from Yew Zealand. I believe tnere are urgent reasons for her taking this step. Lord Kin tore's Scotch lawyer has died, and various matters have to be looked into in connection with the estate. Then, too, the boys have not been having quite a good time during their holidays. Mr. Campbell is now engaged in clerical work, and is no longer their tutor, and the arrange ments made for the Eton holidays have not been quite so satisfactory as they J might have been. Besides these there are other reasons. Lady Kintore wishes i Lady Ethel and Lady Hilda to be- pre sented next season—at least, this is what I hear. Captain Henniker is having a month's holiday. He went first to Mildura, and now ' he has gone to New South Wales. Your old friend, Mrs. Hay, has returned to Australia with her daughter. They have had a very good time at home, and Miss Hay is looking particularly well. The Squadron is to be here very soon, and ] we really are to have a picnic at Marble Hill. I think the date is fixed for Saturday week, and as I feel certain of being invited I am going to have a new dress made for the occa sion. Miss Lynch is going to make it for me. She has set up for herself in Rundle-street, Kent I Town, and I find that she, Miss GreeD, and | Miss Ganley fit me better than any one else. I am so glad you are tryiag my experiment | of using mustard and cress for table decora tions, and still more because you seem pleased with the novelty of the idea; just now it is almost impossible to get flowers. I went to Newman's this afternoon for some for the dinner-table, but even he bad but few to choose from. Instead of being decorated with floral designs the window was full of lovely porcelaine and artificial flower wreaths. I do not generally like that kind of thing, but these were lovely. Among those I most ad mired wereone of Rose dePrane9 and forget-me nots and one of roses and jessamine. These were I in a kind of delicate Erench biscuit porcelaine, but one of white water lilies made of fine | muslin was also much admired. Personally I do not love artificial flowers, however beautiful, but when I think of the thousands who live by their manufacture I think they have their use. Do you know that when ladies gave up wear ing artificial flowers in their bounets and had birds' wings instead SO,000 girls were thrown out of work by this vagary of fashion ? How little one thinks of the far-reaching conse quences of our most trivial acts. There has been so little gaiety thi3 week I that I have had a good deal of time for read ing. I have just finished a very exciting novel named "Lord Wasbwater." I enjoyed it immensely, as the interest begins at the | first page and is kept up quite until the end. You know I have no patience with descrip tions of scenery and resent details about the furniture of country houses ; moreover, I feel that life is not long enough for subtle analysis of the character of heroes and heroines, so this was a novel after my own heart. It is all plot and galloping excite ment from cover to cover. It is quite a new book. A Melbourne friend sent it to me. The hero, Lord Wastwater, is a thoroughly blase person, who, like Solomon, has found that " all is vanity." The world is ab his feet, but his unconventional habits and capricious temper make him a fascinating enigma to his friends. Of course there is a murder; a book like this without a murder would be like Hamlet without the ghost. Many and cleverly laid are the false scents that I eagerly pursued to find out the murderer, and each in turn thrilled me with breathless interest. The tale is a somewhat improbable one, but, as the old philosopher observed, "It is part of probability that some improbable thing should happen." The book is exciting from cover to cover, and the dialogue is bright and often witty. Here is a repartee that might be useful .to you in a similar emergency—" She said in an irritated tone, ' What can it matter to me whether you care for Miss Blake or not ? ' It matters a good deal to me whether you are angry. Surely you know I would rather spend ten minutes with you than a whol9 day with her.' ' Wouldyou rather spend a whole day with me than ten minutes with her, that would be the best test.'" That was her reply, just the sorb of smarb answer that I often think of after the chance of making it has passed away, but never ab the time. I don't want you bo think that I have been doing nothing but read ing novels, bo will tell you something of as charming book which is, I Buppose, the book of the hour, " The Reminiscences of Charles Santley." I think you met Santley when he visited Australia, so I am sure you will be glad to hear how fasoinated I have been by his book. Before I only knew the singer, now I feel as if I knew the man as well.. Mr. Santley tells the story of his professional life in a simple manly way ; nob posing for effect or seeking admiration, but just relating facts as ttioy happened. His book deals almost exclusively with his public career, aud he casts a veil over his private life, only lifting it now and then to illustrate his progress in the life lived before the footlights. Quite at the beginning his home-life is referred to, but from the day when his foot was once fairly planted on the ladder of fame he is silent about his personal affairs. His marriage is mentioned, but he does not wear his heart on his sleeve, and much that we might wish to know is passed over in silence. It is essentially the life of Santley, the singer and student, not Santley, the husband and father, but for all that it is intensely interest ing. His passion for music absorbed him from an early age, and he has given us a | graphic account of the first time he heard the j " Elijah." " As the fine dramatic scenes suc ceeded each other my exoibement increased," until the rush of the deluge of tropical rain utterly overpowered me. I dropped into my seat powerless. It seemed as if the heavens had opened in reality and poured down their waters on my devoted head. The whole week was one of intense I excitement. I ate, drank, and dreamed music." j The book is full of pleasant chit chat about music aud musicians, and of amusing little incidents of the green-room. It contains no | ill-natured stories, which speaks well for Mr. Santley's kindly disposition} from what we are told the green-room, with its proverbial I quarrelsomeness, is a field from which many such flowers could be culled, but if so Mr. . Santley dees nob mix them in his nosegay. All liis condemnation is reserved for those who | bar the way to the establishment of the Eng lish opera, and who waste the money of the nation in "teaching Board aiftl other school children nothing" instead of forming a national conservatory for _ musical education and a national theatre in every great city. I am very sorry that the book does not treat of Santley's later life. It says nothing of the last 20 years, whereas I was especially anxious to see what he thought of Australia and the Australian musical world. Still I have en joyed it immensely, ana strongly advise you-to read it. The chief topic of interest this week has been Mr. Green's change of denomination. Everyone has talked of it and the papers have been full of the subject. He has been blamed, but I don't quite see why. If he thought one religion true and the other false, surely he. was right to change, especially as he now thinks the Baptists wicked schismatics, and that he would have been lo3t if he had stayed with them. Some men would have stifled their doubts or plunged into work to drown them, but Mr. Green has been honest and true, and has looked them straight in the face and fought them out, and I think it is very much to his credit. It is not at all kind to say that he is bettering his social posi tion by becoming a-Church of England clergy man. He did not do it for that, bub because ho thought it was right. All the same, I am sorry he says, such cruel things of Dissenters, and I don't think be has any right to do so, only I know all very High Church people say the same. • As we hear a good deal about theservanb question I cannot refrain from telling you an experience a friend of mine had lately. She engaged a cook._ The first week all weut well, but a fortnight she overheard her talking to_ the baker's boy aboub " We, the hunger-sbrioken." This was rather trying, although cook's full-moon physiognomy and portly person somewhat belied the ' words; nevertheless a lady doesn't care to pass for a miser even in the opinion of the baker's boy. After a while cook refused to get up to light the fires in -the morning, saying " that it waB unjust for the rich to lie abed while the down trodden slaves had to get up and black their boots." The blacking of boots seemed to be the supreme grievance, and when the -mistress lost patience and told her to pack her trunk and go she turned on her and with majesbio air said, "I'll go; but wait until the people have risen, then we shall be no longer slaves, then e very body shall black their own boots." That evi dently, to her mind, was the consummation of bliss. Is it not strange what false views they take of life. However, dear friend, it is too late to moralise, so I'll say good night, and remain, as ever, your sincere friend, Ethel, 