THE PRIORI GHOST. The one afternoon train was due at Middle- ford — a small, straggling, and not very Srospcrous town, where terminated a branoh ne from a junction on the South -Western Railway — a line for which, after long pro tracted opposition and delay, a grant had been obtained too late, traffic having merged in the direction of a neighboring place. 44 Middleford I Middleford 1 " As the train drew up at the platform, one passenger only, a young man of about eight or nine and twenty, stepped out and stood for a few moments looking about him as it in some uncertainty. He was, in fact, debating with himself as to whether be would, after all, pay the chance visit he had gone there to make. He had not gone by invitation other than was conveyed in the woids : 44Don't forgetto look me np if you chance to be anywhere in our neighborhood, Meredith," spoken by a young fellow between whom and himself there had been some degree of intimacy at ibe University, as the two parted to go their different ways. The usual words, not gene rally estimated above their value ; and the idea of acting upon them had not occurred to Allan Meredith until he found himself stranded for some hours at the junction, and, turning over the leaves of Bradshaw, came upon the name of Middleford, and remem- bered that it was Laurence Yersoboyle s place. Finding that it was not more than five or six miles from the junction, and that the train was just starting, be had, on the impulse of the moment, taken a ticket and jumped in. He stood for another moment or two still hesitating, little imagining the influence his decision would have on bis future life, and unable to account for bis irresolution— a state of mind so uaueual with him. He presently shook himself tree of the feeling, and decided, since he had got so far, that he would go on. He iuquired the way of the porter, who had been curiously eyeing him, and leaving his bag at the station set forth for the Priory. As he walked along the not very interest ing country road, his thoughts reverted again 1 to the man he was going to see. W hat had become of him since they had parred three years previously — Yerechoyle, the first favorite of his set, who, with hiu good intellect, brilliant, witty and versatile, had seemed capable cf almost any mental feat ! True, he bad done nothing beyond I give the impression that he could do a great deal if he chose : 44dnd," thought Allan Meredith. 44 carry home a sheaf of bills, T expect. He ought to have been the moneyed man. and I tho one obliged to keep to the grindstone, perhaps. I don't know; the very necessity for doing something may have given hira the kind of impetus he needed — to say nothing of having to keep up the prestige of an ancient name, which must be some spur to a man." He had reached the cross roads, and was recalling the somewhat vague directions the porter had given him. 44 Straight on till you come to a finger-post that seems to point back to the station, but doesn't; take that road, sir— the l'riory lane, it's called — until you come to i swung gate, leading into a field ; cross that, keeping the footpath to the left, mind you, till you see a s'ile: get over that, go through the lodge gateB right opposite — though it isn't a lodge now. and there ain't no gates, only posts— and up an avenue, where all the trees have been cut down, and there you are. The old place you'll see before you is the Priory." Time and weather had effaced whatever information the sign post had once afforded and there waB nothing for it bat to take the direction in which it pointed. He walked slowly on, epeculatine as to what sort of welcome be was likely to receive from Yerscboyle's people. How little he knew about them. Frank to effusiveness in some directions, Yerschoyle oould be reticent enough in others, and rarely alluded to his family. That he was an only son, and at his father's death had inherited bnt the wreck of a once large property, Allan knew. He had aleo heard that the widowed- mother was still living. What was Yerschoyle doing?— living upon the small property, farming the land or had he, as he had somotimes talked tof doing, gone in for literature, and carried his wares to the London market? At that time his wares had appeared to AUar Meredith likely to be worth a great deal ; but, with his three years' added knowltdge and experience, he was now inclined to estimate them some- what differently. Yerscboyle's intellect had. indeed, revealed itself chiefly by fitful flashes, brilliant and dazzling enough in their effect at the moment, but leaving no lasting impression of very high powers : and this, with his mercurial temperament might render his 6access in the futuredoubt- fol. Allan Meredith had proceeded some dis tance, and waB beginning to think that he must have passed the swing gate without noticing it, when, on turning a bend in the lane, he saw ayounggirl walking in advance. He quickened his steps a little in order to overtake her, and make inquiry as to whether he was going in the right direction, noting, meanwhile, her general appearance so far as to infer thst she was a farmer's daughter ; or rather, as he thought with a half 6mile, what a farmer's daughter is conventionally supposed to be like. Thick leather shoes, a plainly made gown of some light crey stuff, and short enough for country walking; a large brown straw hat, with neither flower nor feather to adorn it; and ungloved hands, in the one swinging by her side a strap buckled round two or three tattered- looking books. After a moment or two he recognised some thing more. Taking note of the firm, i?ht step, the carriage of the head, the perfect ease and freedom of thetall graceful figure, he meutally ejaculated: 44 A lady; aye, and with some individuality ot her own, too !" His step had evidently not been heard on the soft, springy turf, and he was fast lessen ing the distance between them, some cariosity now mingling with hiR desire for information, when she turned out of the lane and passed through a swing gate. Here she paused for a moment, looking back, and tbeir eyes met. Yes ; just suoh a face as he, a dreamer of dreams, had sometimes pictured to himself, but hardly hoped to see in the world of reality. A face too grave and troubled for ber years — she looked barely IS — but how beautiful with its clear, steadfast eyes and general expres sion 60 simple, frank, girlish, and, at the same time so intelligent and thoughtful 1 She was regarding him with a surprised, questioning look, which reminded him that he was gazing too pertinaciously. A little consciously he lifted his hat and asked : 44 Can you direot me to the Priory F" 44 The Priory?" she repeated in a low voice, her eyes fixed more intently upon him, and her hand tightening on the gate. 44 Mr Yerscboyle's place. 1 was directed at the railway station, but do not feel sure that " 44 Whom do you want to see there?" she put in abruptly — almost ungraciously. Nor was the tone assumed; this was not the girl to affect the brusquerie of unconven- tionnlity anymore than thesuavity ofoonven- tionality— it was rather that of one in deep anxiety, and unaccustomed to veil her thoughts. 44 Mr Yerschoyle," he replied. 44 On burinesR 1" — the expression of dread. of whatever it was, deepening in her face, white now to the Hps ; as, on the im pulse of the moment, she pressed back the gate as though to bar the way. 44 No." be murmured. To have brought such a look to such a face ! She still eyed him with the same unquiet scrutiny, as though debating something in her mind; then hurriedly asked, 44 But why f Where do you come from." He might very well have asked what in terest his relations with Yerschoyle could have for her; but he felt that thero was some grave reason underlying her anxiety, and was not incliued to take offence. Moreover, there was no necessity for mystery on his eide ; and, therefore, he might as well reply openly and directly to her question. From Grayminster. My name is Mere dith." 44 Are you a friend of his? Mr Yerschoyle > is my brother 6till a little heeit&ingly; and, as it were, on the defensive. He raised his hat again. 44 We were at Wadham together, Miss Versohoyle, and chancing to be in this neighborhood, £ thought I would look him np for half an. hour's talk over old times." The color came into ber cheeks, and a smile to her beautiful lips, although both faded too quickly. 4 4I remember your name now, Mr Meredith. I have often heard my brother I speak of you," moving aside for him to pass through the gate as she added, ,4 H you will come with me I will show you the way. 9 He bowed, passing quickly through toher side. His indecision had entirely vanished now, and a visit to the Priory seemed the most desirable thing in the world. To think of Ver sohoyle not mentioning that he had a sister — and such a sister ! 44 1 fear I must have seemed terribly rude when you first spoke to me, Mr Meredith, she said, looking np into his face with ft smile, as they proceeded along the path that skirted the field. 44 The truth is, I was afraid — that is, I thought you were — some one else," flunking with the conaciouflnem that she was saying more than she had meant to say. He hastened to assure her that it had been, quite evident no discourtesy was intended ; menially, the while, congratulating himself upon not being 44 someone else," then qnietly changed the subject. 44 1 have not seen your brother since we left Oxford, Miss Versohoyle. Your only brother, is he not?" 41 Yes; and 1 am his only sister. My mother, Laurence, and I live at the Priory.' 44 Mrs Yerschoyle is well, 1 hope?" with. suddenly developed interest in everything that concerned her. 4 4 My mother is not worse, I am glad to say, than she has been the last five years. She is always auinvalid." Had not Laurenca told him that much ? , 4,Wee it anxiety about her mother's health that had brought that look to her face ?" he was thinking. 44 No; it must be something mcie than, or at any rate different from, the kiud of trouble which, might spring from such a cause." He murmured a few words of sympathy, her clear eyes turned to meet bis, with how different an expression from that he had first seen in them ! There was even a littlo girlish fun in them, as she asked : — 44 What kind of place do you imagine the Priory to be, Mr Meredith V " 48 Well, one naturally attaches a little medieval romance to the idea of a Priory ; " adding, after a moment's reflection — there wore certainly no eigne of prosperity about her — 14 and it ougnt to be somewhat dilapi dated. I suppose — in the picture-que stage of decay. It muse be difficult to keep those old places in thorough repair.' ,l Very," she replied, her lace sliadcwin?. Then, with a side glance athiai and again attempting a jesting tone, she went on : Difficult, too, as it crumbles away, to find room for anciont retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and the rest of it. Now prepare vour inind, Mr Meredith, when we turn this next bend — There is the Priory !' He was preD&red; now to see some dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which met liis view. The Priory ! That desolate- looking remnant of a building, standing forlornly against the summer sky \ Portions' oi tiie waus, some nig :, eomoiow, ana jui ox great thickness, Btill remained here, indica ting the plan of the old Priory : but at this distance, even these seemed to form part of the surrounding brickfields. l>v no effort of the imagination could the inhabited part of the bnilding be supposed to be the abode of pros perous people. AU was desolation and decay, without picturesqueness. Even the aspect of the grounds abou'u it, which might onse have lent their aid as a setting to the picture, seemed now only to accentuate the fallen, fortunes ot tbehouse. Every acreof the ground about it, once of some extent and beautifully wooded, had been sold pieccmer' 1 — the greater partfor bricki-elds. Onthevi .ethey were approaching there seemed no redeem ing feature in the dismal scene. No ; not likely to be spacious reception- rooms nor offices, for an army of ancient retainers there ! Courtesy itself was dumb '. 4The Verschoyles have not much left to b6 proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. We are not invaded by picnic parties and artists in search of the picturesque; but you see the worst of it from this side." At that moment the figure of a man was seen emerging from some side entrance, and hurriedly making his way towards the ruins, in an opposite direction from that whence they were approaching. "Laurence !" — hurriedly calling out, as he seemed to take no heed. 4 A friend to see you." He turned: seemed to hesitate a moment; then came slowly towards them. As be drew nearer, and recognised who the visitor was, he hastened his stepB, his whole face brightening. 4 4 Meredith 1" he ejaculated, in a tone of relief. " Where have yon sprung from 1 How are yon, old fellow? Quite well ?" Allan Meredith grasped the hand extended towaros him, all the more heartily, perhaps because it was the hand of Miss Yerscboyle's brother, as he explained, 44 1 was at the junction, and being so near, thought I would look you up." 44 Glad to 6ee you, old fellow. You know this is my sister?" 44 Yes ; Miss Yerschoyle was gcod enough to show me the way." She turned to leave them with the words : 44 Dinner will be ready in an hour, L&u-; renoe." 44 All right !" Meredith had time now to notice that there was the same expression of dread in the brother's face he had seen in the sister's, bnt with a difference. In her face it was simply fear ; in his it was this and something worse. Unlike his sister, looking straight at yon in her trouble, his eyes were either downcast or averted ; shifting uneasily from one object to another. The whole man was changed — it seemed demoralized — since Meredith had last seen him. Hi6 very figure bad lost its elasticity, and become slouching and cowering. 44 What have you been doing with your self the last three years?'" asked Meredith. 44 Oh, all sorts of things ; going to the bad, chiefly. Not much opportunity for doing that or anything else here, you may think, noticing the direotion which the other's eyeB took. 44 No; I have gone farther afield. Spent two years in London ; tried my hand at all sorts of things, and failed. I am a failure all round." 44 Nonsense, man; if you take that tone you may be." 44 There is no other tone to take, now," moodily. 44 Give up in that way, withyoor abilities and the world before you 44 It seems easy enough to jou, I dare say. It did to me before 1 tried- There is no need for you to put your theories to the test, or you might find that men occasionally fail, even though they have hands and brains to work with. Some have to go down and. I'm one of them — that's all ! " 44 That iB not Miss Yerscboyle's creed, I think?" 41 My sister ! She has been telling you about the wretched teaching business, I sup pose? She, at any rate, is not cursec with the family pride. I oan't endure to see her go about giving lessons to the clodhoppers round here. Does no end of drudgery about the house, loo." TO BE CONTINUED. J 