Miscellaneous Mail News. From the Litest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — At the christening of the Roumanian Prince, the infant was the recipient of a cradle of flowers and a miniature silver sword. The baby was photo graphed for its great-grandmother, the Queen, who wears in a bracelet the portrait of her youngest descendant. While the Empress of Austria was out riding she observed a quantity of stones which some miscreant had placed on the line over which the Pesth express would shortly pass. The Empress called to her assistance a man who was walking a short distance off, and together they removed the obstruction. Mr. Spencer Walpole, Lieutenant- Governor of the Isle of Man, has been appointed Secretary of the Post Office. Sir Andrew Clark's condition has improved. Mr. Gladstone makes frequent inquiries respecting his physician's health. Sir Andrew always maintained that indigestion is the evil of the day. Londoners, he contended, eat too much, eat too often, and eat too quickly. He led a crusade against badly-brewed tea. Two sons of the King' of Siam have arrived in England to attend a Public school. Fashionable Londoners are said to be leaving the : mansions, and either taking femall 'liouses or going - into fiats to escape the domestic servant difficulty. A large mansion and park have beeinsecured near Leatherhead, and is to be let to several familes as a : co-operative home. A new library and museum, erected at Preston at a cost of £79,000 from the benefaction of the late Mr. Harris, was opened by the Earl of Derby. The site, valued at jfiJOjOOO, was given -by the .cor poration. -'??'' An effort is likely to be made to reclaim the ex tensive shallow fiats in Pegwell Bay between Sand gate and Bamsgate. There is a proposal to construct a cable tramway from Brighton to the Devil's Dyke. An aerial flight will carry people across the ravine. A balance-sheet just published shows that a Kentish villager realised nearly £1 a week through out the year by poultry-keeping. He started 12 months ago with a stock of 40 birds valued at £5 12s Gd, and the cost of feeding was nearh £19. He sold 337 chickens, 99 ducks and 2295 eggs, realising £65 13s 2d, leaving himself with 69 fowls and ducks. The Cambridgeshire County Council have opened at Whittlesey a school for the teaching of poultry keeping. Over 1300 bushels of acorns have been gathered in Richmond Park for feeding the deer during the winter months. A level crossing at Sittiugbourne, where several fatalities have occurred, is believed by the supersti tious to be haunted by the ghost of one of the vic tims, and the spot is just now enjoying quite a local notoriety. A lady-like person arrived at Windsor railway station without a ticket, and said eho had been in vited by the Queen to spend her birthday with Her Majesty at the Castle. The visitor was detained till her friends could be communicated with. The Queen's buckhounds commenced their cruel sport on Tuesday, October 31. The terrified deer took refuge in an enclosure at Eton College, and defied the efforts of the local policeman to dislodge it. The 'cyclists' stoop ' is troubling doctors. Cyclists' leaning forward affect both spine and chest. Palmists are just now divided in opinion respect ing the line on the hand known as ' the marriage line,' Some contend that when the line turns up wards the possessor is not likely to get married. Dr. Gregory of the British Museum, during a recent expedition, made an ascent of the great Afri can mountain, Kenia, to a point 17,000 feet above the sea- level, or 3000 feet higher than had been readied by any other explorer. Glaciers were reached, and some of the party suffered from frost bite. A new torpedo boat destroyer just ready for sea turns out to be the fastest vessel in the British navy, having completed 30 miles an hour. Mrs. Thompson, who has so often figured in the strange paternity case, made application in the Queen's Bench for the custody of tier children, and, on being told by the Judge that he had no power to interfere, created a sensation by declaring her inten tion of taking the life of the man who says he is her husband. The lady litigant who has frequently appeared before the Courts to recover JE300,000,OUO from the Treasury has been sent to Holloway Gaol for three months for disobedience of an order of Court forbid ding her to interfere with a tenant. A lady suitor, who fell over an obstruction at the Law Courts and broke her arm, failed to recover damages, as the responsible person in the case was the Queen, and ' the Queen can do no wrong.' A Newcastle man obtained a separation order, owing to his wife's brutality. In a London Court, it was laid down that jewel lery given by a husband to a wife became his pro perty should the parties separate. Application was made to commit to prison a wife who, though she was legally separated from her hus band, published a pamphlet entitled a ' Woman's Wrongs,' reflecting upon her husband, and sent copies to his friends. A further issue of the pam phlet is to bring upon its author three months* im prisonment. The 'former laundrymaid of the Caterham Asylum, who applied to the Croydon magistrates for an 'affiliation' summons against the chaplain of the Caterham Asylum, fared no better before the Town Bench than she did at Godstone. It was held that her story was not corroborated by a scintilla of inde pendent evidence, and, that being the case, the Bench had no alternative but to dismiss the case. The girl was so indignant with this result that she assaulted the clergyman in the street as they left the court, knocking his hat off. Burglars who broke into a house in Leeds partook of a good meal, drinking freely of port, claret, and whisky, and then departed without their booty, a quantity.of silver being left packed up on the table. A gentleman, while Beeing a friend off by train, was knocked down and injured by a carriage door. He recovered damages, the Judge holding that it was the duty of the railway company to protect such a person, even though he was not a passenger. A London laundress, who was injured by the tram car starting while die was alighting, recovered £10 Messrs. Simmons and Co., leakers of the gilded perambulator for the Bajah of Patialia, state that they were not responsible for the delay, and that the action mentioned last week was not against them. Sir Charles Cameron, while uncorking a bottle of whisky in Dublin for analysing purposes, was severely cut about the legs by the bottle bursting. A man died at Hammersmith from glanders after being bitten by a horse suffering from that malady. Four natives of India who pretended to cure diseases of the eye, and inflicted great suffering on their patients, -were charged at the Old Bailey with, obtaining money by false pretences. The jury re turned a verdict of not guilty, adding an expression of their regret that there is no criminal law to prevent persons of gross ignorance from practising medical surgery. A man died from anthrax, contracted while un loading bullock- skins in London. Oatmeal is said to have been the staple food of an old lady who Has just died in county Durham, aged 110\. I 