l«g= 1 , BB NOVELIST. My Lady's Revenge. < By E. CAiMMSON" JONES. CHAPTER (.!— (Continued ) ; " That's a good answer, Josie," he replies, " your wits are ah bright as your eyes. My business is to sell those baskets; they must all go by'sunset. I've got ono at hopie for you, though — and 'tis a beauty. May I come down to- night and bring it, Josie?" " No, I shall be busy to-night ; oomo .to morrow, and we ca'n -go to vespers to- cether." "So wo can," ha answered, with another . flashing smile. " I'll come ; and as you wou't tell me what bringn you lic'ro, I'll say good- ! day and good-byo." t ' " Good-bye, Leonard." £ But he turns baok wistfully, his pretty ' Wicker work swaying on his handsome bead. "Those are pretty bloseoms, Josie," ho says, pointing to the violets in her basket. "Would you mind giving me just one?" " They are not mine — thoy are for a lady," she answers ; but while eha epoaks yha breaks off a little cluster .and extends them to him. ' "K!b8 them first, please," he says, .with a tort oi gay audacity, " and they'll keep fresh intil to-morrow." "See." .aid Josie,, chinking the cold in her hand,' "give ine the key, and you shall have these." Josie pouts, and tosses her blaok carls, bet after some little demurring, ebe places the violets to her rosy mouth, and then puts them in his hand. " Now take thorn, yon silly boy, and run away and sell your baskets." Ho touches them with his own lips, opts \ tbem in bis bosom, and hurries down the hot street, with a fragment of song bursting from, his happy young heart. Josie stands a' minute looking after him, then she starts off sin a run, and never stops till she readies the lock-smith's door, ( The old man sits on a littered bjonoh, in the oentre of his dingy shop, a huge leather apron aov6ring him from breeetto foot, ae be tiukers away on some bite of bright steel. He lookB np, alertly, from under. hiB busby brows, as Josie darkens the door. "Ah, my ohildl" he says, in a hoarse, creaking voice. " I'vo aome for the key," said she, advanc ing n Btep or two into the room. Ho eyes lie? aekauoe, with a wiaked smile in bin thin old lips. " What il it isn't done ?" be says. " But yon promised it should be done ; I was to get it this morning I" returns Josie, with rising anger. " So, eo, but I've ohauge'd my mind," eliuoklos the locksmith. "Ratbor risky work making keys from wax patterns, for girls like you. . Wliut do you want with the key ?" " I Bhan't tell you ; that's my business, not yours I" storms Jqsie, with blazing blaok . eyes. " You've made the key"; let me have- itatonoe." "What apluoky little thing we are I" he seplies, eying her with admiration. "No common blood shining in such eyes as them. Yo'll turn out to be a queen's daughter one o' these days." "No matter what I turn out ; give me the key." The old man shakes hie head, "I .shan't make nothing by the job," he fays, "and I ain't a-going to ran the risk." Joeio's heart throhB with a horrible fear ol disappointment. To.iail now would almost kill her, " See here," ehe says, aoming olose to -his fide, " you shall have those for the jab." She divas her dimpled, brown hand into' .She pooket of her print irook, and brings up two ohinking pieces of gold, Hor godmother gavo her one the day she was ohriBtened, and tho other was thrown to her from the cer clage of a grand English lady, whon the streets of Moulins were gay with some great festival. " See," she says, ohinking them in ber hand, "give me the key, and you shall have these." The locksmith looks at them with greedy . ayes. " Gi" 'em hero, then," ho says, etretohing out his skinny hand. "Give me the key first," retorts Josie, Ohrewdly. - , Ho bobbles aorosa (o an old ohost, and flakes it from thence. "Here, theni" be says, putting it in her 1 J3nd, bis eyes still devouring tho gold , ; V take it." v '> Josie takes it.bot ebe does not rolinguish' nor money. . " Now .; give ;uw U>« cn'tt of Awaxv'.'- ohe commando. The looksnwth mutters angrily, bat he produoee the bit of whits wbx, She com pares the impress with the key, and eeome satisfied. "Now." she continuce, slipping both in bor pooket, " promiso mo to keup your tongue, and I'll prpmiee to koep mine." "'Tie a bargain," assents tha locksmith ; and she chinks her two golden pieces into hie greedy palm and hurrioa out. ' Josie BBs- reached home and fnoed ber scolding frpm the dame with silent endur- anoe, and received a Btpnrt box on bor oheek in the bargain from that busy dame for idling away hex time. But now, at last, tho weary Saturday work is well over, and she gives her glowing face a hurried wash, brushes beak hor blnuk eurls, jumps into a eleanfroolt, andhurrici aorosa the olive vale in tho direction of Mount Ohateauroux. She sees tlio mad folks Bwnrming down tho great walk an she reaches the iron gate : but Jacques is sitting under ct troe, smoking bis inevitable pips, and- he admits her with out delay. With her fragrant violate in her hand, she walks slowly on, peoring about her with \--sharp, quiok glances. The mad folks iloek about her, some sipging, sonio laughing, some bowing with imposing dignity ; but nowhere umid the motloy throng 'does she see Bess. She puts ber band ill her pooket and holds tho little-shining key tight, with on awful fear at hor heart. What if the poor lady dpea not oome opt to-day. She strolls on till she is quite near -the quaint, dismal front of the building, and then she looks up and seas the Frouoli mnd doctor comipg down from the stone torraoe- with Bess on hie arm. She looks dreadfully white and ill, and al most reels as ehe walks ; but clip epics Josie below, and makes a faint, swift geuturo with bor loft hand. \- Josie oils down under a huge tree, a little aside from the walk, and waitB in florae irn- patieno.e. They oome down from the torrgco, and walk olowly put into the grounds, and pre sently the doctor leads his patient' to a seat. He is a small, wiry man, with a faoe that .remindo one of a ferret, and while poor Bess leans baok in the ruotio seat and pots her tbin bands to her white face, be walks up and down, with his hands behind hipi, and bis small, gleaming eyes looking in all direc tions, 'nn it booms, in the same moment. J onio waits till she oan endure the delay no 1 longer. Thou she gets up, and with ber j violets in hor hand, goes straight aorosa to | the epot where the mad doctor stands. Ho ; knows her for the 'keeper's dnughtor, and ; noda'at her in quite a fri&nilly; fashion, "Phase, Dr. Lsnoir," says Josie, looking etraight Into his faoe with hor bright, fear less-eyes, " may I go atid give that poor siok lady over yonder these violets V> He looks at her hard, ,but her eyes do not falter, Then-he renohaa forth, and taking, the violets from her hand, examines them olosely, They contain no dangerous letters, no sharp instruments, no false keys or burglar's tools ; so ho node his\assont, and JoBie tabes thqjn, and hurries away to the >poar lady's side. " I've brought you some more violets," she saye, Bitting down bcaido her, aad putting the flowers in her hsnd', Bess looks up, bor poor, wistful oyeBpiliful to see, bor faoe as white as death, "Heaven blebs you 1' she faltors. Thin her voice fsils, and with a ohoking sob she drops her feoo down upon the fragrant blosapms. > Josio oalohos her arm, and gives it a sharp pinoh. " Try to be oalm," she whispers; "the tnad dootor ie looking. Try not to betray yomss'I." " I am ill— I thought I was dying last night— bht loan't die; and I. shall never get .away from this horrible place J" moans poor Boob, in a ohildish w.ay. Joalo looks at her/with fioros impstienoe in her blaok eyes. " Why,, wlmt a weak oroatnro you are I" . she Says, contemptuously. " You'll ruin all if yos go on in this way. I toll you the mad dootor is watojiing us. . Oan't you hold up your head", end atop crying 1 Here, talk .about something. See thaso leaves'; let's make a wreath of them." Sho gathere a handful of loaves from' the nearest .branoh, and begine- to assort them, and poor Besb, commanding herself by a great .effort, makes a feeble4 show of interest. Meanwhile the mad dootor walks up and dawn, his slender, nervons . hands behind bis baok, his keen eyes taking note of every thing around him. But he detects no signs ol treachery, and at last he strolls away to another part of tho .grounds, and Bess and her young companion wore left to them selves. " I've got the key," says Josio, in her ourt, decided way, " and you aro to unloak your osjland try to get out into the'grounds after midnight. I shall bo here " — But she stops short, for Boas, utterly overcome by tho nearpprospeot of liberty, utters a faint.gasp, and reels bapk into hor seat Josio's anger flames up. The girl, young as she ia, is so wondrouely developed, so strong, so fearlces, so euduring, that ehe hag little pity or patience for mero feminine weakness. . " Now faint If you. like," she Bays, soorn- folly, " and I'll go home and leave you. 11 you're not" strong enough to gain your liberty, you don't desa;voto have it," Bhe turns on her bee,' and walks down tho avenue in tho direction of the gates. Bess sits stunned an instant. Then com prehending what bos happened, she leaps up auddarts after her. " Oh, for meroy'e sake," she Implores, eatohiog hold of the girl's arm, " dun's leave mo I" Josie' turns back .on the instant, and tho tears rise in her eyes at the sight of tha piteous, suffering faoe. "You must bo oalu and' strong, then," sho says; "you'll betray yourself if you don't. Now, look at me. You won't faint or.soream, will you?" '" No, indeed ; I'm strong now," ories Bess, making a piteouB effort to steady bor shaking . limbs. " Then hero's the key," continues Jooio, bringing it up from the depths of her pooket, and slipping it into Boss's band. " Hold it fast, and be snro you don't let it b'r seen. Now walk along, and listen to what I tell yon." Bess hides tho shining key in hex bosom,-, just above her poor, throbbing heart, and ' walks along by her young friend's side, with tbe meek obedience of a oh lid. " You ereto make tho attempt. to-night," resumed Josie, walking, and pretending to gather leaveB for hor garland', " after you , hear tbe midnight bell strike— say on hour niter— booauso papa gobs on duty at mid night, end he will help us, I think. " But you must watah far a good time, when everyone ie still, ond unlock your oolt door and slip out. The key always stay sin the big door at tbe tfod of the long oarridor, and you must unlook that, and cot out as eilently as you odn. I'll be at'ths foot of tho eastern turret, under the ivy, to meet you, -Now, do you think you oan be'quiet, and no thronghwith.it?" , " Yes, I'd do anything to get out of this plane." " Well, thore oomee papa, and it is his hour to g'o home. Good-bye." SheholdB out her dimpled brown hand, and Bees clasps It and covers it with kissos. " Heaven will reward you I" Bhe falters. ' But Josio seos the mad dootor coming up again, and hurries away. - CHAPTER XIV. vine e60apa. -V-.'- .'v' "I shouldjike to.know wbat'a oome over .that girll - Look at her, Jaoquos I - This Is- ithetbird.:ttot tablo to run -to tbe winder and stare ont. AuditoomoB oi her gaddin' up to that old madhouse so mueh. I tell ye, Jacques, that's what ails her, and nothin' aloe, and a stop must bo put to it." Dame Ferris delivered this rather indig nant outbnret as ebo eat at eupper with hor husband, on tho eolf-same afternoon upon which our last chapter clones. "Hush, dams," responded stolid Jacques, helping himself to another bowl of por ridge; "don't lot your tongue run away with yonr wits. What harm oan oome of 'c rlose walking nndor tbe treoe at Mount Ohateau roux ; crazy hain't a oatoliin' disease, ae over I've beard. If 'twas, my wits would ha' been gone long ago, I'm athinkin'." .Tnnfi then .Tnnin draws in her OUrly head, and turns to her father, with flushed cheeks and eves on n-ontr.flr. On, tor inrrcv'K s;u;e." implores Cess, catching hold oi me gin s m. - don't leave mo !" -Pads." boo euys. "I see the carriage from Nivernois Court ooming dawn the lane." \- Weil, little one. -tain't likely it's coming uere," ropnes Jacques. " We don't have visitors from Nivernois Court." " Bit down and cat that bowl of porridge," oommande thoidame, severely. Joeio is an obedient girl, and Bhe loves this stern, sensible "dame," so eho begins to eat her porridge with that vigor of will whioh is her great aharaoteristio. But the clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very Soon puts an end to the frugal evening meal. Jacquoa starts up from the table and rune to the door, followed by his wife, but Josie hangs back, with an eager look in her oj'bh, and a vivid bloom on her round cheeks. It is the oarriago from Nivernoia Court, and amid tbe silken cushions eitB Lord St. Aubyn himself. He loans out and looks inquiringly about, and his eyes oatoh sight of Josie, who hue approaohpd the window. She nods and makes a ewift and silent gesture. " Now, my good friend," speaks oat the marquis, assured by ber gesture that all ie right, and addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished before him, " oan you giva me your attention for a few minutes ? If you oan, I think I have some thing to suggest that may prbve a benefit to ub both." " I am at yonr serviae, my lord," replies Jacques. " Can't you ask his lordBhip to get da'wn, and walk in 7" ories the dame, re provingly. " I suppose I might. My lord, will you get down and oome in?" " No," replies hie lordship, blandly. " You just stop up borp and take a seat beside me, and we'll drive out towards Mount Ohateau roux, and you shall hear what I have to say on tha way." > Jacques leaps up, and iB eaon seated upon tiro eilkcn auebions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand oarriago, with its blooded bays, rolls olowly away. The dame shades her eyes with her hand and looks onrionsly after it. " Now what does his lordship want, I'd lika-t.o know?" she mutters. "And ten to one JacqueB won't let a word out when he oomes home, he is so close-mouthed." Josio watohes the handsome equipage, too, and whpn it disappears, runs into tho hOUBS, with a flnshod faoe, and begins to gather up tho supper dishes in an eager and oxoited manner, that confirms tho dame in her idea that "eruzy" is a oatchiag malady. Meantime the Nivernois osrriage neare the groat Iron gates of the madhouse,- and Lord St. Aubyn gazes, out towards the grim tur rets with a strange thrill, half horror, half bliBelnl expectation, at hie heart. Can it be true that the little, girl that he loved, ae be shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible plaoe? It mast bo all a delusion. Lady Cassandra oould never havo done Such a heartless dood. But he must go on— he must see the end of it. . . \- He turns to the, wondering peasant at hie side. " Now, my man, to oome to the point at ones, would you like in change your oooupa- tipn ?" "Yes, imy lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, unhesitatingly. ' His lordship nods approvingly. " Well, I want a.head groom at Nivernois Goqrt. You understand about horees? Very well, whatever yonr pay is, I'll double it. Will that do?" Jacques looks up, amazed; "My lord, you aro very kind— " " No,'' interrupts St. Aubyn, " I want yon to. do me-a favor, and this is one of my in ducements. Hole is another." He takes from his pooket a green silk purso, filled to the clasp with glittering gold, and putB it in the keeper's hands, ' Now," he eays, boiore the man has bad timo to epeak, " I'll name my favor, my good fellow. I've a friend np there"— pointing towards the dark turrets of tbe .madhouse— " a dear friend. She's a deli- oate, tender girl" — his voiae shaking— "ond she was pledged to be my wife. They told me sho died, and for two years I've mourned (or her, To-day I find she's in there — not mad, mind you, bnt a prisoner, . burled alive." ' He stopB and wipes tho great drops from his aBbon brow, while JaoqueB stares at him in wonder. "Now," continues' St. Aubyn, "I might demand her— foroo them to give her np to me ; but that takes time, you see, and would ' cause trouble and delay. All this I muBt avoid, ' and I must have her out this night. Will you help me.?" . "What can I do?" inquires Jaoques, help lessly. "Hot the -gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shot your eyes and ears to all you see and boar. The reat will be managed by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a marriage-portion for your pretty, blnok-eycd daughter. You'll do it— a 'dped Of meroy ?" Jaoqaes muses a'moment, his eyes on the plethorlo purse, -his brain busy with Josie's future; then he looks np, and answers'' stoutly : ' " Ysb, my lord, I'll do it." " Spoken like a man I And When do you oome to live at Nivernois Oonrt ?" " Tho first of the month, my lord." "Very well. Drive me baok, now, Ed wards." ' Tbo carriage rolls' baok tho way it earns, and Jaoques gets ont at his own door. " For meroy'e sake, husband, what did his lordship want ?" ories the dame the instant he en tors the house. /'Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly, " only we're going, to Nivernois Court too first- of the. month." "To live?" excitedly Bhrieke the amBzed woman. . Jacques only nods ; hut Josie oan read his'faoe like a book, and ehe sees that all is right. : . .. .'.» . t A gnat, hoarse bell, In one -of the grim turrets olMonpt Ohateauroux, tolte for mid night.' Bilenoe as of the grave reigns within- Slaae.-, A-sohtary sentinel paces up and down the long aorridor thatiaoos tha endless line of cells, but the doors are oil so strongly ond so seourely looked, and tho inmateH have been no ad mirably trained undor tho ruto of Dr. Lenoir, tbatno ontbraak or attempt to escape is sa- tiolpated, and it ia no unuonal thing for tho guard of the hour to slumber at liie poet, leaning against ono of the huge stone pillars, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end ol the oorrldor. The guard dozes now, sitting in tbo oh&lr;, with his feet elevated high above bis hoad, and a long-Btommed pips in hie month — dozen and puffs away again at intervals, taking all the oomtoi t to himself that his situation affords, . His trained ear oan aatoh the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he would be up and in pnrouit of any poor soul who should be foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. .Id her cell down h-.low, on her knees, in the dead, hot ci trillions, wlthi the little shining key clanpuu in her thin white hands, pcfcr Bess waits and watches. She hue heard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nun counting 'ho; beads, she kneels there trying to count the haggard moments nB they pass. In an hour's time, as noarly ae ehe oau tell, she muet rnckb the attempt. Bhe knows too well, if shm should fail, no other chance ybll overcome to her ; and sho lifts hor wan face in 'tho dark ness, and asks Gcd to help her, as a helplrss little child might ask an earthly father. Ob, to breathe the tree, pure air once more ;. to ho away from all these poor, witicsn fnuos; to get out into tho world, and make hc-r way baok to the old oentonmcnt, andito Rudpiond Carew 1 That, in bar dream, ns eho kneels there ; that has' been her dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning ofhpr imprisoned heart go out towards the ofd, faithful love of her girlhood. She acarqely ever thiuke of the man who held her later promise to become his wife, Lord St. Auhyn. Ho seems to have beenlost to her with nil that brief, feverish life nhe led at Mount Storm Honse, and she has no wish tn reclaim him, her old life and h6r earliest love fill her soul eo completely. Sho rises to her icet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with her hands, altar some little trocblo ehe inserts the hoy in the look. It fits; she turna it with a Blow, noisO- locs motion, and her prison door ie opan. For one short instant she stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring Bound in her care, a tremor in her limbs. Rut she remembers Josie and Joeie's warning, and her strength retains to her as suddunly ns it went. Sho takes the koy from tho lock, slips out, and alosing tho aell door, sho looks it from the outside, removes the koy, and hides it in her bosom. Then she starts down the long, black aorridor with a step like tho wind. A dim light glimmers at tho far end, nevenling the donblo lino ol oolls, and the guard doziug and emoking in tha old ohair She flits along like a shadow, nd has al most reached the far end, ho/ hears throb bing violently as shannarB tha gusigl, whon all at onoe the flap over one of the oell win dows flies up, and a wild, woeinl faae peers oat, the face of a maniac woman. Her blood shot eyea glare ont into the somi-gloom, and light on BfleaaB Bhe Acs along, and then a wild Bhriek rings out upon the silence. " There she goes I Catch her— oatoh her 1 There goeB the pale-iaoed. ghost'!" The guard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the coll. Haifa dozen keepers, roused by the nnusual outcry; start np in different directions and hurry to tho spot; and poor Bess, mors dead than alive, totters on till ehe reaahps the old ohair, end then, with tho instinot of a -wild creature brought to bay, eho crouches down behiud it. CHAPTER XV. A SODDEN WEDUrSO. . The guards and keepers bustle about from oell to oell, and the mariiuo woman still shrieks at them to oatoh tho pale-faaed ghost. But there is no ghost to be eoen, end they find the aell doors ell looked and quiet, and after a litttomore parading and a lew onths at the maniac, they disperse and return to their former quarters. The keepers drop down and are soon eonnd asleep again, but the guard walka up and down and smokes, passing and repassing poor Bess orouohiogin her hiding place. She clasps her hands and pr&ya.that; she may die, rather than be consigned to her dreary oell again, and while she praya the guard vanishes, '' He bethinks himself that, there is some brandy on .o table in the re- oeptinn room above, and feeling unusually thirsty unu sluggish, he runs up to roiieen himself. Bess hears bis retreating steps, and darts from behind the old ohair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and she stands before tho great enter door, end, as JoBie said, the huge key is in the look. She Baizes the key with both hands. It turns in the look with a rasping sound, and tbe door swings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, flies olonp the subterranean court, up the stops, and her feet touoh tha oool, green grass. The .eilqnt sumrnor skies are above ber— the oool, damp winds 'ian 'hor hot brow, As ehe stands daged with the blissful fanoy that she is free, p figure darts out fromths ivy glooin,and a firm hand grasps her arm. "Here yon are at last," whispers Josie's voiae. " Come— quiok 1" She hurries her out towards the main goto, which they find standing Blightly ajar. " Come," urges Josie ; and ehe drags her half-fainting' companion through, an'd out ' into the narrow path that leads down' the. Thoy are soarcely out when a figure risos , " Here you are a. lasC whirrs Josie. "Come- nlode un and down the Rravel. naffine nwav at hiBP'Pbj OB stolid and impenetrable as tho Moanwhilo Josie puts hor, dimpled fist to her red month, and utters a faipt whistle lika the ory ol a bird, still holding hor com- fr'anaiVfloHvo'gth— a"?alll topos ing -figure this time. Ho loaps up the orag, and reaohea Josio'a oide. " Boss," he gasps—" Boss, my darling, ie ' Bess lifts her wan, white faoe, and the moon shines through a rift in the low-lying clouds and falls fall upon it. Mwy-. .." ' "Oh, let me go, Lord St. Aubyn," she murmurs, in a broken, piteoua voioe, " I bad no thought of seeing yon. I—I hoped it was Redmond." St. Aubyn docs not comprehend bor faltering wards, aud holds -hor fast, all ' hiB old, mad, short-lived love blazing up afresh. Sonsible, matter-of-faot Josio, bowevc-r, puts an end to bisittlo love scene with great aoolness, > " My lard," she says, touching his aim, and pointing with a nod of ber curly head towards tho madboycb, on the upper terrace of which nnnanni lights ore gleaming, " Look thore I In r.few minntse tho keepers will 'be in pursuit of lie. Don't you think wc had bettor emrpn whi'o we can ?" "Y'os, yen ; what a soul I r.m !" cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bc»k in his strong arms, no ho caught arid ludrl licit- or.iw before in un hour of per!), ho dashes down the etcep at n hoacllung puco, It is characteristic of i the man that bo should forget Jcaic and lore eight of liar danger; he never ctrad for any earthly thing save his own sclf-grnlifieation. And at this moment it ptoanee and ehr.rmo him. to have Bobs restored lo him in thin ro mantic mid mar villous fashion. So he dashes down, elusplng closely, utterly unmindful whether tho child behind him ,broDkn hor nccl; or not. It might have been aa well Iqi? my laid, tko Marquis of St. Aubyn, if she had, taking after events into consideration ; but tt-cre was little fear of ouch a cetnstvopke. Josie's foot was ca fleet apt! sure an the pot of a mountain chaaioir, and eho descended tha dangfrune path, and v/r.s at tbo door of tbo carriage, which stood in this valley below, quite U3 soon us my lprd bimeelf. ' He apranpr in,' still elnoping Bets ip bin anno, uxid Vli- an,- turning to opetik to tbo driver, lie taw tho girl "to whoso wondrous courage and skill he %vau indebted for hiti great happiness. " "Ah, 1 had quit9 forgotten," hn said. u Oome, ray brave iillln girl, jump in." Jonis'h fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt in tboir ehlmog depths, an sho looked up at the handsome noblemen. " No, my lord," Ehe etiiil, quietly, " I auj going homo." ' But Bets struggled up and put out her white face. /- ' Plea:-.e— oh, pleaac don't leave mo 1" she on treated, "Hush I" interposed 'St. Auhyn, before Josio oould answer; "yon may rest now, my dp.rljni;, and go wi'ih me. She - shall aome to you to-morrow. Come tn Nivernois to-raorrow, my girl— do you hear?" Josie nodded, and tho oarriago dashed off down the river-road, while tho girl pureuod her wr.y across tho grovo to tho'iittlo cottage on the suburbs of Mouline, The bet, olondy night is ended, and over the bilk! tho Sabbath morning dawns. A bright, orifp Uoptarubor mom, with a stiff breeze ruffling tho rivor, and drifting the ffseoy clouds across/tbc dazzling river. In tho white boudoir at NivornoiaiGourf, on a whiln vslvot oouob, all starred and iritigod.witb silver, Bcbh lies. Hdr itoilft has juqt been made, in obedianoe to my lord's order, and Felice, the French maid, has. found that- wondrous becoming wrapper of white and bine Bill; somov/here umid tbo many treasures of Niverncio, and olothed Bass's willowy figure in it. 'Thoveehe lioa, fair as u snow-drop, passive as a babe, r. c-st. wistful- tenderness in her brown eyes: Mrs. Heath, -tho housekeeper, appears with a dainty breakfast on-a silver tray, and insists that tho young lady must eat; ail d Bess rises obediently, .and tries to eat the ' broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to choke her. Then eho lies down, again, she feels bo- tired ana weak, and listens, in a languid i way, to the Sabbath balls atiiming in ' Moulins, wondering what t,he poor orcatureo i at Mount Chnteatiroax are doing-fsUenb ' tears of . gratitndo trickling down ber oheeks | meanwhile. ,-Stio is free, but yet thqra is a I look oi regret iu her sweet, meek eyas. Sho bears tho bells again, and somehow they carry hor away baalt to her old Indian liip; Bhe thinks of hor father, ond her tears flow fan tor, " Ab," she murmurs, despairingly, " if I oquld have gone tci Redmond I Oh, poor Rsd- m'ond I — shell I never see him again ?" A quick, buoyant stop rings upon tho marble tiles without, and there is a sharp, impatient rap at tho door. " Oome in," says Bess, languidly, and St. Aubyn enters. Ho reaohea tho oouoh at a boand, aud hue the littls, pneaivo figure in' his arras. "My poor little dove, my preoions little Bese 1" ho half onbs, dropping bot kisses on her trembling mouth and white oheeks. 11 Oh, tb think bo w I have believed you doad and buriqd, and how I have mourned for you I Oii, Iteaq, Bees, if you had oome to me from your ooflln, it oould'not e'eem stranger. I am so bsppy, 'Child, what makes you' tremble? Ave yon afraid '/ Why, Bweet, no barm can reach you hero. You are mine — mine to iovo and oherioli forcvor. Beau, look at me; let me oca your sweet eyas; and tell ino if you arc glad to get baok to me again?" Bess looks np, and meets his mesmerio gaze, and a faint flush risos in bar waxen oheeks. His eyes have lost noue of their old dnngorous po'wor. " Yes," sho falters, " I am glad." " And yon will do prooiaely as I wish you, dearest ?" continues St. Aubyn. " Yes, my lord," He breaks into a gay laugh, and oovere ber faoe with anresBes. " Then., you demnro little nun," be cries, exultautly, " in on hour lrom now you shall eay, not my lord, but /ny husband. Sco ihore, Base, this is your - wedding ring, till— itill — well" he stammers and falters, remembcriDg that Lady OAosandra now wears the old St. Aubyn, opal, in- token of nor en gagement to. himself—" till I oan get eho old opal yon onoe were. It shall be yours yet.; but,thiswill do now, In' its etead. There is a priest' all ready in the house, and we will go before tha old -NivernoiB altar, and be .made man-and wife, and then, my. own love, no' earthly powir ehall part us. Shall it not be eo?". "p ' » Ob, ray lord," he falters, " you are good and kind, but it must not be-it cannot be. Don't you know, thsit ehe loves you 7-Lady Cassandra, I mean ? Don't you know that . ahopaited us,. and put ma in that dreadful plaoo, beeause-beoauee she oould dot bear to eeome your wife?" "Yea, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fioroely, purple veins starting out on his white brow. "There is no need to remind mo of all the wrong yon have suffered' at that wiaked, heartless woman's bands. 'Bat tha hands oi vengeanae is now at hand. Lady Cassandra's pride shall ho humbled in Bees Btnrts up, her face/vhite with pain and I am free. If I can forgive her, Burely you can." "No, Bess, i; oannot forgive her. I- ehall-ihand her over to be dealt with by the law." "My lord, for shame, " oried Bees, with bom'tlie Hame''r£ioo I lihe Ji'ntS doing what, she did by your neglect and in fidelity. She loved you, my lprd, nnd looked upon you as hor promised hnabaud. You should never havo deeortedher for mo;" " Bees 1" oxolaimo bis lordship. » It is tha truth, my lord. But it la too late evon now to undo all this wrong. You must go baok to her, my lord, and be true to her, and toll her that I freely forgive 