WHO BODE VISEN? ' IWr« never surprised at anything, eh, lad ? Well, I used to say the same until ? Bat there, suppose I tell you the story.' It's nigh on twelve years ago that the event I'm going to relate to you occurred, but the recollection of it is as fresh in my mind as though it had only happened yes terday.' At that time I was acting as private trainer to Squire Alton, and a better, Under, or truer-hearted English gentle man I never wished to see. Things had gone very bad with ns all that season, and I knew that the squire, who was a heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no idea matters were as queer as they were. However, I was soon to find out. I was sitting in my snuggery one evening, musing gloomily over our past non- success and despondently wondering if the luci; ever would change, when a rap came at the door, and in response to my mechanically uttered, 'Come in,' there entered the squire himself. To say I was surprised is but to give a faint idea of my astonishment, for I had thought him in London, two hundred miles away. He smiled as he walked across the room to greet me-such a «an, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghost of his old-time joviality. " You didn't expect to see me, did you, Brown?" he said, as we shook hands. " But there, I know you did not. You won't be surprised, however, when I tell you my reason for coming. Just give me a brandy and soda, and I'll explain all about it." He emptied the glass at a gulp. " Now,'' he said, as he put it down, " let's get to business. In the first place, what should you think Vixen could win thc Larkshire Cup with?" " Eleven stone seven," I answered promptly. " Bight," he said ; " and I think so too. Well, here"-and he drew a slip of paper from his pocket-book-" are the weights, and she has only eleven stone to carry." " Why, squire," I cried, eagerly, " it's a moral-that is of course, if you ride yourself." .' Oh, I shall ride her, never fear ;" and he added, grimly, " I've too much at stake to be out of that." For a few moments he remained silent, gazing sadly into the fire ; then he spoke again. " Brown," he said, " I daresay you're wondering what on earth I wanted to leave town for simply to bring these weights down, when you might haye seen them for yourself in a few hours' time. Bat that is not all. I have something else to tell you. As you know, I've been losing heavily all the season, and the defeat of Red Boy last week was a fair facer, llacing debts, though, I might have managed, but yesterday I received the news that a mine in which I held an enormous number of shares is practically worthless. To cut a long story short, the plain fact is that I'm on the verge of ruin, and bnt one chance is left me of extricating myself from my difficulties. Tho Larkshire Cup I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do the trick." "She can, and shall," I exclaimed, excitedly. " Well, I hope so," he said, quietly " not so much for my own sake, as for hers ;" and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. I knew whom he meant. Two great ^ troubles it had been the squire's fate to ' battle with during his lifetime. The first bad come years and years before, when his twin brother, to whom he was passionately attached, had disappeared, and never since been seen or heard of. Thc second was the death of his wife, who, dying in childbirth, had bequeathed him as a heritage of love Alice, his golden haired, blue-eyed daughter. It was of her he was thinking. Gambler he might be, and as a gambler he could meet the blow ; but that she-bis darling, the core of his heart- Ah, I understood how he felt then. Long through the night-far, indeed, into the early hours of the morning-we eat in earnest conversation, discussing the plan of campaign, and when at length the squire took his leave, there was even . trace of the bygone light- heartedness ju his "Good-bye, Brown; we shall ?weather the storm yet." Yon can imagine mine was a pretty anxious time during the next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to Jjave a long spell of good temper, and so progressed in her training all that could be desired. During the last week, the squire came down to put her through her winding-up gallops, and her ladyship fairly delighted us both. " We shall do it, Brown," said he, on the morning before the race, as we watched the stable-lad lead her away ; " she'll win iu a canter to-morrow. I shall run np to town this afternoon and hare another ' monkey' on. Might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb." It was a glorious day, and as I can tered towards the course, even the know ledge of what was at stake failed to stay my rising spirits. I thought to have found the squire there, but not seeing him, I strolled into the ring to hear how the betting was going. Vixen was second favorite, the lead ing position on the lists being held by Good Lad, a clever chaser, I knew, and the only animal I believed to threaten danger. The big event was set for three o'clock, and half an hour before that time I made my way towards the paddock for the pur pose of putting the finishing touches upon the mare. I had still seen no signs of the squire, and certainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely bad I entered, however, when I saw a telegraph boy approaching, and in another moment I had torn the message open and knew the truth. " Papa dangerously ill," itsaid. " Get another jockey." That was all ; but it was enough, I tell, to completely stun me for the time being. " Get another jockey.'" Where? In her bad fits Vixen was a she-devil. With the squire she seldom belied ber name, but in the hands of a stranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I I walked over to where the lad was lead ing her round. " It's all up, Dick," I said, while the lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and bigger ; " the squire's ill-can't ride -and-" I stopped suddenly as I caught the ex pression on my listener's face. Sis eyes were starting from their sockets, and his whole expression was one of frightened surprise. With an exclamation of im Îatience, I turned on my heel, and then , too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishment, for there, in front of me, looking like one just risen from the dead, was he whom but a few moments before I had believed to be lying dangerously ill, perhaps dying, miles and miles away the squire himself! " Squire Alton !" I gasped. He made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, the awful pallor of his face shown up all the more vividly by the bright blue of his racing-jacket-for he was fully equipped for riding-he stood for more than a minute like a statue of stone. Suddenly a convulsive shudder agitated his limbs, and then, his coun tenance still wearing the same expression less stare, he strode slowly past me towards Vixen, swung himself into the saddle, and cantered away to the starting post. What did it mean? Here in my hand lay the telegram telling me of his illness, and yet, not three hundred yards away, I could see him, in the dear old Alton colors, sitting Vixen with the easy grace I knew so well. Was I mad or dreaming ? I watched the field as they drew into line, saw thc flag fall, and they were off. A stiff bit of country was the Larkshire Cup course-three miles and a half nearly of genuine hunting plough, ditch, wood, and water. Something in red shot out from the rest as they landed in a linc over the first obstacle, and made the running in advance of the favorite ; King Tom, a slashing chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. By the stand, the first time, the order of the leading quartet was unchanged, but the rest of the field had dropped back, and were evidently already out of it. Half way through the plough the second time, the leader came back to his horses clean pumped out, Good Lad now going on first, with King Tom next, and Vixen sneaking along third, a couple of lengths behind. The next jump, a double post and rails, proved fatal to thc chance of King Tom, he over-jumping and coming a fearful cropper. There was now but a few small fences between that and thc water, and my heart gave a throb of hope as I saw the beautiful long, low action of Vixen take her stealing up to the quarters of the favorite. Fifty yards from the crucial test they were neck and neck. I saw the squire sit down to ride ; I saw the brilliantly tinted jackets rise in the air, ; there was a wild yell from a multitude of throats, and as Vixen came cantering up the straight alone, I knew it was all over Good Lad was down, and the eup was all onr own 1 With aery of delight I turned towards the weighing-room. I had some little distance to go, and as I reached the entrance I met the squire coming out. " So it has come off 1" I cried. " I knew it would." He never spoke. With the same rigid expression upon his face as it had worn before the race, his eyes staring into« vacancy, he brushed past me, and in another moment had mingled with the crowd and disappeared. It was beyond my comprehension, and until the mystery was unravelled I could not rest. By the next train I went up to town, and proceeded to the squire's residence. I asked for his daughter, j She came, a look of intense anxiety upon her features. " Well," she said, " bow is it ? Have you won?" "Won!" I repeated, with surprise. " Why, haven't you heard ? Of course, we have. Vixen came home alone, and the squire never rode a finer race in his life." " The squire !" she cried, astonished in her turn. " Yes," I said ; " bat I couldn't make him out. He never spoke a word to me all the time he was on the course." "The squire!" she again repeated. " Impossible ! Why, papa is lying ill at this very moment in his room. He has never left his bed since early this morn ing!" " But I tell you"-I commenced, and then suddenly stopped, while for the second time that day I almost doubted my own sanity, for the door had been noiselessly opened, and there, just inside the room, stood Squire Alton, looking his old-time self indeed, the ruddy bronze of vigorous health on his cheeks, and his eyes as keenly bright as of yore. For a few moments he stood, evidently enjoying our astonishment; then his voice broke the spell : " Don't be afraid," he said ; and now I noticed that the ring of his tones differed from my old master's. " I am no ghost, yet neither am I Squire Alton. But sit down, young lady, and you, sir, and I'll explain the mystery fully." Mechanically we obeyed, and he fol lowed snit. " And now," he said, addressing Miss Alton, did you never hear of your father's twin brother-your Uncle George ?" " Why, yes," said Miss Alton, " many times. But sorely you are not" "He. Indeed, but I am. Listen. Eighteen years ago I left home-why, it matters not-but from that day to last week not a single soul around the whole place has known my whereabouts, or if I were alive or dead. I had never thought to set foot on England's shores again, but somehow the tramp fever burned itself out in the end ; a longing for the old scenes took its place, and a month ago I landed at ' home, sweet home' once more." " I had first intended to see the squire, my brother, immediately, but a fen chance words I heard dropped at my club caused mc to change my mind. Tbe words I refer to gave me a faint idea ol my brother's position, and by dint ol judicious inquiries I was soon in posses sion of the facts of the case. Î knew that unless Vixen won, the squire was ruined beyond all redemption." " Poor papa !" murmured his daugh ter. " Well, I had, unknown to my brother watched him on several occasions, and 1 saw that his nerves were being graduallj wrought into such a state of tension thal they might snap at any moment, and i serious illness result. Anticipating, therefore, some such thingas has occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly To secure my qualification as a gentle man rider was easy enough. Years ic the saddle out west has made me a horse man with few equals. I knew every incl of the Larkshire Cup course from ex perience gained as a boy. The mail difficulty was Vixen. If she cut ur. rough it was all over. However, tc some extent, I smoothed away (ha trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in the Alton service sinci when a lad. To him I went, revealed mj identity, and stated my plan. He fei in with it at once, and through his instru mentality I had a lew half-hours in the mare's company, that put us on the best of terms with each other. So when thu morning the blow fell which I had fearec all along, I had everything in train foi operations. The rest you know. / rode Vixen, and I don't mind saying that t more comfortable ride I never had in mj life. Minc was a wild act, but it came off." " But your awful whiteness ?" I cried, still doubting. He laughed. " Oh, I didn't ' storm barns' for a couple of years with a dra matic company without learning how to ' make up.' So now you know the whole story, and all there is to do is to tell the squire of Vixen's victory-it will do him more good than physic, I'll be bound and then, immediately he's well enough we'll all go down to the old place together." And this was done. The load of anxiety once removed from bis mind, Squire Alton steadily improved-joy at being reunited to his brother materially helping him onto recovery-and in a few weeks' time he was about again, as well and hearty as ever. " Now, what I wish to say is this : If you are never surprised at anything, I'm not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than 'yours truly' the day he solved the mystery as to ' Who Bode Vixen V " 