ITEMS OF INTEREST. TORI oran, axd Selecto»] The veterinary correspondent of an Ameri- can psp« R1»«« the following recipe f >r pro- mit.r,g the growth of hair on a »car left after » blister .-Alcohol, G ia . water, lor M x. »nd «it1» » sponge wetted in the »bore for .1 a lather with Castile aoap. and shampoo the parla twice a day. Mr Stanley, the Government Veterinary Snrgeon, who went to Forbes a few days ago to inquire into a aupp^sed outbreak of an'hrax among the horaea in the distnc*, ha* r'tnraod to Hrdnev and furntshef a rep tri to ti« Minister of Mires and Agriculture upon the reault cf hi* investirai on«. He «ay« that, in company with two other gentleman, he visited the «election on which the hir«e« ' were rf« pastured, and ha.) .Io nares with foal« ysHed f <r irsppctton. Two of their. h»d I been bad. but wer» in a convalescent «tate 1 Tar » werf bier), and a quantity of the blood I erarr ne i He fmnd it in a perfectly heallhj cnnait'.n, and there was no aign of anihrax or a yiMOii approaching it. He snrmiae« that the linease wa« of a dietetic origin , and this ne* nt the case wa» confirmed by the fact tu.ftt the horses had been paddocked in swampy cr mid. All sien of tho d ««.-aso supposed t> be anthrai baa disappeared I he total estimated output of coal from the X rtbern district for U»t year ts 2.«."»<>,'»1.1 tons, being a decrease of .1f»G,7.1S tons ueon the output of 1S91, wh:ch was 2,só;i,2Ól tons, the largest on record. A terrific tornado passed orer the t >wn of Xew Angledool on Tuesday afternoon, and did terrible damage. Almost erery house was unroofed. Tbe public school building waa blown to the ground, and the teacher and children had rery narrow escapes. Some of the children were slightly injured. Great damsge was also done to the post office, the verandah of which wa« lifted bodily orer the roof. Two inrhei of rain fell, Mr. Ii Speight («chairman of the Vic- torian Railway Commissioner»), accompanied by Mr Clark (ei-Attorney-Gcneral),on Tues- day waited upon Tasmanian Ministers regard his claim for services rendered as ramalor when the main line was purchased He said that Mr. Fysh (ex-Premier) offered him £¡$.'00, anr. that he hold Mr Bird's written offer of £2500, but neither of these promises had bren fulfilled. He considered that he had been unfairly treated, and offered to accept £i)2,'ti, leas what had already been paid Failing that, he would submit the matter to arbitration A long discussion ensued, but Minister» refused to make any promise beyond that the proposal would be submitted to the Full Cabinet. 1 >.i French racecourses it is nat unusual to se« Suter* of Charity holding plates uimn which to leceive contribution from the fortunate sportsmen A nore! proposal haa been made to the Metropolitan Transit Commission hy a Mr K J Hardy. It haa reference to the pro posed line of penny 'bu»es, and Mr Hardy suggests that tho vehicles should be con- structed of Mutitr metal, and fitted on to hydraulic wheels. The suggestion wa» r"»d over at a meeting of thi» Commissioners to-day, but it was not entertained seriously. Mr Hardy, in his letter, stated that the only objection to the vchioles would be thor »Wt " The only objection '"-said Mr Foabery when he heard the statement-" why, people would be baked in them I, for one, would not approve of them " The letter was received, and the registrar wa« instructed t.< send a reply stating that the commission had no power to deal with the proposition, »nd that it should be submitted to those person» directly interested in the manufacture of 'buse» Tho Adelaide branch of the Shearers' Union >ndicate, by (5(51 totes against 2t»s, their desire for amalgamation with the Shearers' Union of Australasia and the General Labonrers' Union. The Adelaide branch of the General Labourer«' Union 1« alan in favour of the amalgamation by 201 Votes against 2D. It is well known that mosquitoes and m an j other insect« deposit their larvir in water In thara a very aimple remedy it adopted to atop thor operations. It is common there to collect water in open vessel« during the rainy season in sufficient quantity to last until the nert j, ear, and the water is commonly kept »n ungUr.ed earthen jsra of large capacity. T prevent the mosquitoes from depositing egg« m the water, a couple of large wroupbt-iron nails are heated red-hot, and dropped into each jar Thi« «imple remedy, which i« said to be quite effective, 1« described in one of the American technical papers by « resident of Bangkok, Siam. A large sale of fat sheep is reported fr <m Dubbo. Me«»rs. 8banah»n and Jrnntiig« having juat «old 1(3,000 fat wether« lo the Aberdeen Free ring Company, to be delivered in draft» of 20U0. A man named Joseph Lautenback, atewird of the Junee Workman's Club, met with a »erioua accident on Tuesday morning. When getting out of bed he accidentally knocked orer a loaded pinflre revolver ou to the li u,r The weapon exploded, and the ball enured ' the ball of hi« foot. The aurgeon ha« not yet extracted the bullet. The official organ of the Trade« and Labour Council atatea the recent circua benefit on behalt of the Broken Hill strikers resulted ki » dead loss to the council's funds, the other result being a cheap advertisement to Andy Kelly, M P. The favourite drink of the murderer and suicide Van hlaspelen wa« rum, with « par. tiality for tho freshest product from Queens laud. The Mudgee district, which . few years »go knew nothing of co-operative farming, 1* now earning £20,000 a year in monthly cash dividends through its co-operative butter factories. Private inlormation from experienced miners at Peak Hill confirms the first reports of the richness a« well as the apparent per . mariency of the recent gold and silver lode d.acoverte» there. During 1S112 there were 1103 bankruptcies in the colony, the total amount of the lia- bilities being £2,035,310 5s 7\i, and th« assets totted up £793,01.'» 2« Üd. Sydney had 021 bankrupt«. Armidale 15, Condobolin 3, Dungog 2, Ounnedah 3, Inverell 6, Maclean ti, Maitland 25, Moree 3, Mudgee 7, Murrurundi 2, Narrabri 7, Newcastle H\ Port Macquarie 3, Raymond Terrace 1, Scone 2, Singleton H, altona 4, Tamworth 12. Taree 9\. Tenterfield 4, Tingha 1. Walgett I, Walt tend »nd Plattsburg 10, Waratah G. A R«ng of coiners ha» been captured st Collingwood, Victoria, a tramway conduct>r being among them. r Those who have observed the Prince of Wale« s«y that one of the peculiarities that stick to him i» that of reddening abnut tho cheek* and forehead wf*n suddenly vexed. The dinng apparatus i« one of the latest objecta to which the telephone has been »pplie-!. A sheet of copper ia used in place of -mo of the glasse« in the helme«, and to this a telephone i* filed «o that the divpr, when at th« bottom of tho sea ha« only to sliuht'v turn hi* Head in order ti report what he «eea m to receive ion'ruf tims from above It ia saiJ that caanraüe ft iwer» »catferen fre«!y ahmt a house will driv« away flea». A Urie inmranco eompany in Melbourne ha« fai'ed to find a ba.ik that w^nld take £10.1)00. There i* a général indisposition t" »crept l.vrce »um» of m >npy by the bank« in Victoria |p the present dull time». .Tu Vii-; tr T.1 th» rep tri» of the proceed- ing of the labour bodies, tho union» »re de termine'! ti «vrevk veigeaici on tho»e Labor member» who have been supporting the Go- vernment, nn.l practically those member« »rp not any longer recognned, oven though they arpwirking n^ peMtiin», benefit«, and sub- script) ms far the !'>rok»*n IM1 strikers I be fevhp? <r tuft of feather» nt the apex of th« Pnn?»> of Wale«' crown wa« taken from the u¡¡ of tho fen wah, of tho bird of piradi«p . t-p» Th««e feathers are tho only one« of their kind and aro valued at £10.000 It took twenty year« to get them and ran»ed tb« death of m>re than twenty huntpr« bef >rr they were obtained. | At the meeting of the Executive Council «pprnv.il waa à'imn to a minute for now 1 rate» on the railway, commencing on Febru- ary 21. These r«tes relate to passenger« »nd g.-'oda traffic. Sime modifications have been made in pa^en^er rate», and a »light ¡ncreaae ha» taken place ingold« rate». The altera tion will be a general one, applying to all line«. According »o evidence given in a case at Narrabri a few days nero in which an aboriginal named Pompey O'Connor charged a man named Avery with assault, the black in«ult»J Avery and tramped on hi» top» and wa» rpm.mstrited with by a »Up with Avery'» open hand. Pompey, who confe««ed to baring been a b'A ot a pugilist, and ti being at present champion " chucker out" for the Salvation Army, of which organisation bo wa« at present « member, then calmly knelt down -he called it being knocked inaonaihle-and »aid hi» prayer», after which he arose, 1 mooted his i-lnthe«, uno f night Avery eight or nine rounds before tho police came. The case wa« di*missed. Last year there were a» many a« 550 Japanese newspaper» and other periodical», and in the city of Tokio alone there were seventeen political dailies, with a weekly circulation (,f over 1,000,000 copies. According to an interim report preionted at a meeting of the Melbourne Hospital Cn» mitt.-n to-day hy *ho finance committee, it was shown that the expenditure had increased lo a vpry largo extent from lSsl, whou there w»re 00 more patients in the hospital than f.f latí yo-vrt, both in «alarie« and «va^pa and article* of consumption. There had been h very larg« increase in the article« of con- somption «luring the past four year«, in which time tbe number of patients remained about .tat-.onary. Tho committee at next moeting will bo prepared to submit a tecommendation for a lar.ru ii. crease of expenditure ii. articles of consumption. Tbey expect to »,», able to recommend a saving of £900 a year in ?alarie* and wage«, and £1000 in articles of consomption. They propose to decrease bj IO er .?«»..t, the salarien and wage«. Although this »tory ha» some close relativo« in circulation, it» genuineness is vouched for on the word of a footballer. Two of hi» comrade» «ero training on the ground one dark night toward« the end of the seaaon, when thoy were aturtled by a «heet, which a sudden guat of wiod blew over the fenc« from a neighbouring c!othe»-!ine. At tlr«t they really thought that «orno pasting spirit had dropped ita cloak, and the talk turned on ghost«. " Are you superstitious, Dicky?" one of thom «aked, and Dicky, who had dodged the truant olEoer in hi» youth a« cleierly a« be now dodges the opposing player«, «aid, aftar a moment's hesitation, " No, I'm a Romeo Catholic." Mr U C Baker and Mr. C. C. Kingaton, the Adelaide duelliste, returned to Adelaide from Melbourne by the »ame train on Wednesday morning, »nd the great rivals slept in berths which adjoined one another. Neither of th"m carried a revolver. 1 The action of the (¿nirindi Oood Templars in calling the attention of the lico'iain : inspector to breaches of the Licensing Act has aroused tho ire of the publican«, who are . sid to have entered into a contpiracy ti " boycott" Mr. E. Douglas, baker, becauao his «in is secretary to the Lodge, and Me»ir«. Tebbutt and Co, became that firm refused to di*mi«« an emplojó at their dictation, because he waa a prominent member of tbo L:><igo. O témpora ' O more* ! A young man named John Him«, about 2.1 years of age, waa bathing about 10 o'clock a few morning« ago in the Namoi River, at Narrabri, near the woolwash While swimming »eros« a deep part of the river he waaseued »it!, tho cramp*. He went down three times when a young man engaged in sleeper-getting dived in after him. Him» eniiuht hin by th« leg, getting a death grip from him. In orJer to freo himaelf from the clutch he had to take him down again. Ifo then aeued him by the arm and brouaht him «afftly t>th«b»nk where the naual method» of bunging to life the apparently drowned were reported to, and happily with »uceeiai. Thorn»«, Cr .ft «as sent to prison for two ye*r« iii Melbourne on Wednesday morning for «tesling a malacca cine belonging to Contain Mairan«, M P, from the hall of Dr. Suiilh'« ho.isft. The police »aid th* prisoner . pent hi» life going into doctor«' houses »(ealing umbrella» and »tick« James Masan, aged lu, ha« rae» with a fearful fate by the j»w« of an alligator. On Tuesday even inc. at th« Barron River f»rd at Stratford, Pear Cairn«, be wa« bathing with hi« father and anotbar lad near hi« father'« »»lection when an alligator «napped him up, literal's; chewing the body to mincemeat. le*.in* only a «mall portion. The water wa« only :»U inches deep. The fsther, wh-> wa« not 10 yards away, heard a «plash, and the water Uihsd about, but before he could realise what had happened the lad waa torn to piece« The father dived, caught ona of the leg« of tb*> lad, bu> was unable to extricate him A number of Chinamen dragged th« riser for a considerable time, and chased the alligator in a punt, bat were unable to recover the bwdy. The alligator afterward« wa« seen to ris» to the surface to breathe, be h »tina; one of the ehild's leg« io hi« jaws. The mother snd father are nearly franti« with irrief. Only eitifn« who are able to read and writo have the power to vote in Bolivia and several other S.->uth American republics. Charles Santley, the aingor, relate« this amusing mishap in an Knglish cmoert " I «as ti sin^ a duet with Mrs. Sartoris (Adelaide Kcmbîp), and we were hsving a little cmverstt! -<n on the subject when suddenly »He exclaimed . ' Good Ood Santley, what »hall I do P' ' What's the matter?* I said. * My petticoat's coming down,' wa« her response ' Well,' 1 said, " I don't see how I can help you '' ' I do,' she said , "stand before me and spread out your coat tails as wide a« yon fin '* I obeyed, pretending t» be absorbed in the study of the duet, which was lying on the piano In a few moments she whispered, " It's all right, but what on earth am I to do with it r' At that moment Leighton made his appearance, carrying his hat in hi* hanil. ' Jual in time to save, rae " exclaimed .Mrs Marton» ' H «re. Fay, put that in your hat and keep it till we i'o*. away " ' What is it?' ' My pettioat " 'Oh" The statute of the late Jame» Fletcher, ti bo ercctod at Newcastle, haa arrived. An applo grown at Dungowan, near Tam- worth, weighed IO ounce». Peaches weighing lib. have bee-n produced at Singleton by Mr. M Wadlell. Tht<ro ii a di»»^ase in tho potato crop« around Shoalhaven. Frolerick Humphreys', «ecretary of the Knpbyer* union and to the Victorian Ship- owner« Aaiociatitn, ia mi«smg. So is a sum of £2000. Neither can be found. A man named Jame» Pattengell, described i\a a pugilist, has been committed for trial in Sydney on a charge of cowardly assault and robbery of an old man named Forbes, »hi hsd »pent a good doal of money on him. Pettin go.ll was assisted by another man in hi* bit of rasiAÜty. Things appoAr to bo very tinpleaa»nt amongat the aeafarit.g community at New- castle. On Wedneilay 12 men from the Britt»1* »hip Torretdale were arrested on s charge of having resisted lawful commands. They would not work, na they said they hsd been starved for month«. 