. Jlolsant. 5 A mark of approval — A1 ./Opens up new fields— An earthquake. Always on time— the hands of a clock. > A very 'weak woman may throw a mah - over. " A blow, at American agriculture — a - cyclone. i. > ' Two souls with but a single thought " and hardly that. It is obvious that a blood-vessel is a life boat. A chopping sea doesn't seem to make much impression on the seaboard. ; How to make a slow horse fast1- don't feed him. There is not a mite but what thinks him-' self " the cheese." j The man who conldn't find his match went to bed in the dark. What relatives ought to make the best pedestrians? — Stop- sons. Of all the birds that please us with their lays, the most popluar is the hen. Laugh at no man for his pug hose ; you can never tell what may turn up. "John, did you ever bet on a horserace" "No ; but I have my sister Bet on an old mare." There is no peace for the bald-beaded; just as sharp winds are going -out flies are coming in. Wive3 should always sit up for. their husbands. It makes two hours difference 'in their arrival. An interesting man has named- his ' daughters Time and Tide, so that Ihey will wait for no man. :It is said that toothache may always be- cured by Holding lu the hand a certain root —that of the tooth. . ? Why are potatoes and wheat like the idols of old ? Because they ;have eyes and see not ; ears have they, and hear hot. It was observed of a deceased lawyer that ho left but few leffects, to which s by stander replied that he.had but few causes.' The First Night of a New Piece— Irish Boxkeeper — " 'i here isn't a seat in . the house, sir, ; but I can give you a chair."! With all the numerous r&oes; in. Hawaii; there is no negro there. 'Tis a case_of- a Sandwich withoat Ham. \\\ I'm yours till death," said the wife' when her husband informed her that he! had justinsured his life for her benefit. ! .Perhaps it was a Russian immigrant the' poet had in mind when he wrote- "There's a namo that's never spoken." " The late ;M. Tatne doted on catsj and wrote an ode to celebrate his feline friends ' —not strophe or antistrbphe, but cat astrophe. . /. "i . . We don't know exactly what " the'Keight of ambition" is, but we have seen many fussy little specimens/of it not .more'than five feet high, . It is a curious fact that while the deaux are permitted to go in the way they are bent, the belles are expected to« go in the way they are told. . Dr. Franklin, talking of a friend of his who had been a Manchester dealer, said " that he never sold . a piece of tape narrower than his own mind." Why did Gray in his " Elegy" say " Full many a flower is . born to blush unseen?" If no . one sees her, what has she to blush about? An Irishman says that the heavy villain of the Liberator tragedy will riot turn up, ; "for, be Jabez, there's none to go Bale- four him." j Quoth a prominent theatrical manager— "What, kill a ballet girl 1 Pshaw 1 You '. couldn't kill one with - an axe." The humour seems a little Torced. Lord Salisbury is A. wag. . When.th'ey told him of the rumour that he was. dead, he" Is said to havo remarked gently, " I knew it was alio as soon as I heard it." A Highgate gardener says there is an' enduring sympathy between the small boy and the growing weeds. The yonngster has no desire to hurt them in tho leart. An intelligent 'little girl at Bermondsey converses with ghosts, according to her mother. This only shows , what kind of mother an intelligent little girl may have. "We ? owe a great deal to the' higher .criticism," says the City Temple orator. So we do; bntwhathas the higher criticism done to make men more patient on wash day? - — - ' A man who; studies points observes that a needle is,oneo£ .the most' persistent forces he has .seen. It has always an -eye open for- business and"- invariably, carries .its point. ' - ? 