Tile Mnclean Mystery. THE writer " Outis " in the Daily Telegraph saysi-The Maclean mystery luis once mure reared its horrid front among the suaked maize-fields of the northern rivers. This shuddery wonder has at intervals for years past perplexed a sturdy and self reliant yeoiuuury, and diverted their minds from rapturous meditation on the growth of the crops, or (he possibilities of a protective tarnt that would paralyse the New Zealand corn-grower. The placid round of conversa- tion about tile lucerne in O'Shaiighnessy's river paddock, or what MacGregor sold his yoke of bullocks for, has been broken in up- on by blood-congealing narratives of mys- terious showers of stones descending in the lonely midnight on a widow's roof; of strange soumis, muttered pressages, and.ghostly proceedings. The hand of Inscrutable Pro- vidence was seen in all this by some. " Old men and beldames in the street did prophecy upon it dangerously." Round har parlor fires the Tam o' .Shunters of the place would forget the landlady's charms In barkening to talus of omen and (lark indication ; of Fisher's ghost, the Myall Creek devilry, and the head- less rider of bid Man Plain ; " of horrid stabs and shrieks forlorn, and murders dono in caves." The imagination of an important agricultura! area was thus fed fat, until some practical police and neighbours took a hand m tho business, and tho yawning stone jug was made home-like by the presence in it of several stone-throwers. After this it was thought that thu inystury had boon laid, and, like tim Dora Dora blacks, would never again be heard of. But It " will not down." The latest phase introduces new characters and elements. A member of an alleged stone throwing family has been found concealed in the lied of the lady whoso house had been the theatre of the visitations. His explana- tion was that ho got In through the window and wanted to have a sleep, mid, save for n slight confusion of wiciim.and tuarn, It was rational enough. Ho knew what a bed was for and was apparently able, like Hamlet, to tell a hawk from li handsaw, or, unlike tho Grafton lunatic of last week, to mark the fine distinction between a magistrate and a flying fox. Nevertheless, he has buen adjudged of errant mind, and sent up for seven days. But hero thu plot thickens, lt seems that in spite of vigilant watchings, the incarceration of proven culprits, and other such preventative measures, the stoue throwlng has gone on agnin^ But lately human or spirit hands have shied stones oil an adjoining house, and sent a formal notifi- cation to tho occupiers that if there was any more stone- throwing after that they would he blown up with dynamite, the result of which has been an ominous silence. Ono may hope that nothing will occur to compel ii resort to thu methods of Homestead or Hull in mysterious circles. . TUB RICHMOND RIVER FACTORIES.-Dar- ing June, Springhill dairy factory treated 20,110 gallons milk for 8100Jlbs. hntter. or 24Ílbs. milk to otie of butter, suppliers receiv- ing 3id and 3Jd. Clunes factory, 13,272 gal- lons milk for S1S1 lbs. butter, or Sl-Jllw. to one of butter, suppliers receiving 3Jd. Newrybar factory, 20,801 gallons milk for lO.lOOlbs. butter, suppliers receiving 44d per gallon. LONDON HOUSB for liest value in Groceries, Drapery, Clothing, etc.-ADV. JL fight has been arranged between Joe Goddard and M'Auliffe, in Oct., for £1000. See the Flannelettes Henderson and Mans- field are selling at 3d yard : 12 different patterns to choose from.-ADV/ 