A Mid Ocean Crime. She stood there on the steamer's deck, folding on to bar hat, for it was blowing halt a gale ; and who could help admiring her. I couldn't, and as I walked up the gang- way I caught her oye, and she blushed a vivid crimson. Who wai she t I had met her in London, only a few days before, too, at the Covent Garden ball. I had rendered her a alight .errice-a service she had thanked me for with inch a look of those lovely eye« that I «wore I would ne'er forget them. Now I saw her on a transatlantic liner, and, while my brain was filled with admira- tion for her, I was withal puzzled at her pre- sence. Out on the ocean the phosphorescent light of the sea was shimmering around. Twilight waa descending on the great waters, the sun had gone to rest, and srernwarda the horizon waa black. I «trolled to the afterdeck, which was now deserted, and took my seat beneath the ?badow of the longboat, and gazed oat across the tea. There was a glimmer of summer lightning low donn on the horizon, and the evening breeze was freshening. " There will be a gale before morning," soliloquized I, and puffed my pipe meditatively, fell into a brown study, and nod, nod, nodded to sleep, " Michael, would you betray me ? God ! I would kill you if you attempt-" I started, woke, and rubbed my eyes. The night was pitch dark, but in spite of the darkness I could dimly see two figures near me. The vessel was rolling tremendously. There was a big swell on and a stiff wind blowing. " I do not care what you say, Hiram," another voice. "You are a thief. That money, intrusted to you for my cousin, you want yourself, eh P But pretty Chloe won't have me-me, a man of millions, and, there- fore, sweet Hiram, I want my money." I recognized the voice«, One wa« Hiram Manners, the father of Ohloe Manner«, the mysterious girl who was so fascinating to me ; the other was his shadow of the voyage, Michael Yan Ditmar, who purported to be a Dutch diamond merchant. 1 made an effort to rise, but even aa I did so lound« of trouble came to my ear«. I «aw the gaunt figure of Yan Ditmar raised in the air on the Btrong arm of Chloe'e father, and then I saw him hurled overboard. Dare I tell what I had seen ? Yan Ditmar had disappeared daring the night, and there was a rare to-do in the morning, but there waa no explanation of his disappearance. " Blown overboard," someone said ; and I, fearing for Chloe'a father, let it remain at that. 02 Sandy Hook, and just when I was thinking or getting my things together, I was accosted by no less a personage than Mi» Ohloe Manners. We had strnck np an acquaintance during the voyage. She hud come to say good-by to me, maybe. " O, Mr. Curzon," she said, in a low and weary tone, " my father-" "Is he ill?" " He ii worse than that, You know he has not been in the saloon. He seems to be stricken with a fever ; but hie mind is wander- ing, and he bas said such dreadful things. Will you come and see him P He wants yon," Yes, old Hiram was in a bad way. His mind was wandering, and the ship's doctor looked wise and knowing when the sick man began to curse Michael Yan Ditmar right and left, What could he want me for, I wondered. I was not destined to know on board, any- way, for his fever increased in intensity, and when the vessel arrived in New York he was . hopeless case. " Take him away ! toke him away I Look at his face. Curse him ; he is coming to kill me!" And old Hiram sank back on bia pillow, exhausted. He was going fast, and every one aronnd knew it. Ile would not laßt till morning, the doctor said, and I realised be was right. At midnight he was nearly dead. He wanted to see me, be said. When I went to his «ide his eyes glared for a moment, and then be whispered in my ear. " Don't tell ber I did it ; don't tell her, You know my secret, I saw you there. I «aw yon after I had done it, Take ber to Los Angeles-Los Angeles I" Midnight bad scarcely chimed ere be breathed bis last. I accompanied Miss Manners to Lo« Angeles, She bad friends there, Our friend «bip bad ripened somewhat-indeed it bad ripened to love on my port, though I dared not confess it, I was walking up the main «treet of ?Sacramento, when I saw in front of me a ¿gaunt figure I thought I recognised, I was right I It was Michael Yan Ditmar, <or hi« ghost. He recognised me and stared, Why," I said, '« I thought-" " I wai dead, eh ? Oh, no, I can «mm ; awi besides, I was picked up." " But Manners thought lie had killed you, ¡Manners is dead." "Served him right-a thief and a vaga ftond." " I do not understand you." " It is not your business-but there, I will UM you." -? ? ? - - -l.l.-"_ t."J !"..." TTÍ-... I moesH exchange gamming ima ween «.iram Magner»' downfall, Not only hil money, but itfw mouey of his ward, Ohloe Yan Ditmar whom he had chosen to call his daughter, had been involved in his speculation«, A ri'j/ned mun, he had striven to flee the country } but Van Ditmar, to whom he wai indebted pecuniarily to nu enormous extent, had forestalled as we have seen, And Van Ditmar w n Ohloe'« cousin, " I want to uni Ohloe. You know her. Where Is sha ?" «aid Van Ditmar, " To tell her «he lies nut one cent of her own in the world, unies« «he marries me." U'hifik of Cli W* feelings when I told her my story. She wa« pennileis, without a friend in the w.vrld, and the dread altern», tfve-marriage to Michael Van Ditmar, " Min« Yan Di tmnr-Chloe-you are not friendIfiM. There i« one who will erer be Îonr friend-let me hope more than friend I I am only a poor merchant, but, Cbloe, I lore you." j And by the lovelight in her eye« 1 knew I j had won. ' 