WLe Itvrtsr "INDPIENDET." FRIDAY, JANUARY 13TH, 1893, RECENT: APPOINTMENTS. TnEap ntrni of Dr. L. L;Smith Victoian r tepreseitivi e at thb Imperial Institute has caused an abunridance of comment adverse to the Government. Dr. L: If'Smith, so far as his qualifica tions are set fdrth in his own particular style of advertising, may be a very clever fellow, but as a representative in an atmosphere of high-toned respectability it is very questionable if he will be tolerated. He is an expert linguist in two languages-colonial and "bad" French-in the latter of which he has probably no compeer in the colonies. If the object of the Government was to send home a sample of a 8tentor of a new order, then the end has been achieved, and, as an exhibit of colonial brass, the appointment stands out hard and showy. A trip as a Victorian repre sentative, with £300 per annum as a State payment and a £1000 for ex penses, indicates that the colony is not yet bankrupt, amn when the Victorian "lion" arrives the British cub will pretty soon know tlat Lelbourne, which is the world, is not near dead yet. If im theopeople'at the antipodes do suffer he fromi a wint'of L. S.D. they. have a iae L. L S. who more . than makes up for Et othe glaring deficiencies. The appoint a ment is is keeping with 'the actions of we the present Governmenit, whose members an owed to economise and save the tax- wi payers from being run farther into debt r and extrnsgance(?) The other feature.of the RWeek is the, .appointment of Dr. wi Miadden' to the post of Chief Justice. he Whatever may be his abilities, his posi- Gi tion, or his claims for "past services," Al the Government on principle acted very fri unwisely to pass over the heads of the of other.judges,.who,in.the natural.crder. g of affairs, had a perfect right to expect th promotion. If such a role is to hold in to fut re, that an uttsidei is to receive the ti, firstposition dverssuiperior and eiperienced pr State officers, the Government and the fit public.must, just.expect to reap as they le sow. Dr. Madden's appointment is b enough to sow discontent, and reap a as harvest of rank indifference. r ie A fall report of the marriage of Miss tt Clara Buncle to Mr.Jas. Hardie will sp- T pear in our dext issue. fr Seaior-Constable Bennett, firmerly of the North-Eastern force for 23 years, has Iii, been stationed at North Melbourne, taking w the place of Constable Rivis, the latter m officer havisng been recently promoted to e, Eesendon;"vice Senior-Constable Jones, a retired. in Avery pleasant entertainment was pro- V vided for the inmates of the Immoigrants' B Home, Royal Park, on New Year's eve, fc by the Misses Drake and other friends. Tea was served at six oclock, and hun- ,1 dreds of tl'esnie 'were attended to by a fe large number of workers. The large hall vi was made ready for'a concert, end a splen- it did programme of music and recitations pi was rendered, the following taking part : pi -Misses Sanders, Barrell, Potter (2), Drake (2), Whiffen, Campbell, Mrs. Camp. 3l bell, and Mesesrs. Clement Davidson, C Styles, Ross,' Campbell, and Wright. cl The Rev. M. Somner presided, and at the D close a hearty vote of thanks wasaccorded Ii the-many kind friends. A visit was paid 31 to the hospital wards, and a number of b selections was sang, to the great delight q of the sufferers. d After the usual municipal holiday the North Mslhourne Council will meet next it 3loday evening, with a moth's busineoss a to demand their attention. F During Christmas week the large and ex pensive window in the establishment of c Mr. P,. B McMaster, of Errol Street, Northfelbourne, was mysterionsly broken. h The pioprietor, who was busy attending - to several customers, took no more than ordinary notice of what he considered a tap with a stick or umbrella, but on his attention being drawn to a stone lying on the footpath, examined the window and found it broken. He at once communi cated wIith the Royal Insurance Company, h No. 9 Queen Street, who in the course of b two or three days had arranged with Mr. b McMaster for the insertion of a new plate P glass window. Several:local business men recently dis cussed.the advisability of running a line of cabs from Hotham Hill to the Town Hall and rice versa for a penny per passenger, d it being fully recognised that it required e soniething of a definite character to induce people to visit North Melbourne instead of journeying to the city. The idea wast put and earnried, but all things had been f reckoned without the hoot. for the Hack- d ney Carriage Committee, who have always to be considered in such matters, declined to allow any such arrangement to be carried out, and what was at one time considered to be a boon to-the local shopkeepers,.was onfortunately nipped int the- bad . The, Hackney Carriage Com mittee, however, gave their sanction to allow the fare from Flemington Road to the city to be redoced to twopence, a con cession of a simildr kind having been recently granted in the case of the cabs Splyigh.between North Carlton and the city.'. The North Melbourne Council have during the past fortnight otilised their ] steam roller to advantage in the various streets of the municipality, and what was before brokei and irregular is nowsmooth ] and presentable, thanks to the "loan money. The annual meeting of the Eassandon Town Council was to have been held last Monday evening, lint had again to be i postponed for a week in consequence of the auditors not having yet completed theirrepiort. .It is to be hoped that next Monday will see the statement in the hands of the Council, as the ratepayers I are becoming impatient, and consider the work has idreadylien undoly;proloniged. A lad named Charles Holley, 12 years of age,' ivasidrowned in the Saltwater River on Tuesday. In company with two other boys he went to bathe in the river, I andhaving stripped, plunged into theb water.liHe w.sjai good, swimmer,;nnd I after a few strokes foated on his back, but suddenly, to the great sorprise of his a companions who were standing, n the I _bank,` he' disappeared, and was not again I seen. The Essendon police were at once communicated with,, and the body was I soon afterwards recovered. Senior-Constable Rivis, who has suc ceeded ei-Senior-ConstableJonee in charge I of the Essendon police station, appeared I at the local court for the first time on 1 Mouday,: and condusted the buseiness satisfactorily. At the Essendon Court on Monday Mr. John Davies, J.P., chairman of the Bench, took the opportunity of Ceegratulitiug Inspector Daly upon his promotion to the rank of soperinteudent, .which was well I deserved. -Mr. Daly- suitably, replied,. thanking the Bench for the courtesy at all times extended him, and addine that it d was a pleasure to attend the Essendon Conrt, as the chairman was so thoronghly well versed in legal matters that his decisions were universally looked up to and respected as strictly correct. We have received from Mr. C. A.Atkin, the .well-known Errol Street chymist, a eopy of his annual toilet almanac for1893. It is a very neat production, and its value is accentuated by a delightful perfume t whioh denotes the presence of the elegant souvenir. The opportunity of a life-time, is the heading of an advertisemeat appearing in another column, in reference to the Ellar gowan and Lammermuir Estates, situate at Randwick and Bathunrst, New South Wales, which will be disposed of on the co-opera tive principle- A most inluentiel cons mittee have been appointed, whilo Mr. Wileozi W. Gray, of Piermont, Sydney, is the Secretary. The property cousiots of two palatial residances and grounds valued \- at £25;000. The drawing in coehection will take place in the Town Hall, Sydney, on the est of next March. Early applica tion for shares is therefore necessary. On the afternoon of the 7th inst. a rob bery was committed at the residence of William Murray, railway employp, Gower tO Street, Kensington. Murray states that al on the previous day he placed £9 in coin of and 200 shares in the Golden Star Quartz Gold Mining Compauy, Smytheedale, Svalued at £3', in a cash bor in his bad er room. On returning from work the following morning the cashbox had dis. or appeared. tn At the Essendon Court en Monday, Mr. ty John Davies, J.P., the old and respected he chairman of the Bench wasagain re-elected in to that position for the twenty.foortlt n consecutive time. The Flemington and Kensington Bowl 0 ing Club sustained another most tgno minioes defeat at the hands ot tte Albert to Park clb on Saturday. The play took a plice on the ground of the former club, an asd the result was iu favour of the Albert a Perk by 79 points. The game was for the rd premiership, and it is uonecessary to soy that the Flemiegton bowlers had not a a ghost of a show from the start. a tiergeant Hehir was last Monday com plimented by the magimtrates on the MelNorth bourne Bench on being pro-1 n meted to the position ef facet-class oil sergeant. A nin giving the name of George Park inaon, represoentiog himself as a squatter; has been arrested at Fantecray for victim ising a number of confiding tradespoople, nooludiog some at' Maoonee Ponds and Essendon.'The prisoner was well mounted, andtold ouch a plausible tale that people were quite 'taken in;' and made up goods and lent caub on 'the gentleman's' word without the least trouble. He will be brought up at the Essendon Court on Monday. The third annual picniac in connection with' Chrisi Church, North 'Essendon, was held on the 2nd inst: in Mr. Napir'a Park Grounds. kindly granted for the occasion. About 130 children, with their parents and friends, spent,a most enjoyable day, 'and, on leqving the grounds, three cheers were given for Mr. Napier. The proposal to introduce a bill during the next session of Parliament with a view to cease the payment of further compensa tion tofemale teachereonleavingthe service prior to marriage, has caused quite a flatter among the young ladies. Fearing lest the bill may pass, numbers who are engaged-or hare the prospect of soon being so-have sent in their resignations, asking to be relieved at the earliest con venience, and the cash handed over. i Here is a good opportunity for any enterprising young fellow who has "an eye" on a lady teacher-a good "bonus" awaits him. There should be a general'oxodus ofbelles from the schools this year. A married man named Gustavus Williamson , a clerk in the Mercantile Company, was sued by Amelia Spangler for the maintenance of his illegitimate child. The evidence was given to prove that defendant was the father, the chairman remark ing that the likeness between the child and Williamson was very marked, and the Bench, after consideration, made an order for 10s. per week, with £2 2s costs. Mr. Ike Bitton, of 26 Errol Street, North Melbourne, who was for 20 years well and favourably known in Bourko Street as a vendorof oysters and fritd 6seb, desires to inform the local residents that he is pre. pared to execute orders, and supply sup pers at shortest notice. At the North Melbourne Courtyesterday Mary Ryan was charged by the Railway Commiesioners with travelling in a first class carriage on a secoid-class ticket. Defendant was detected by Porter Wil liams when the train arrived at North Melbourne en the 8th ult. . The Bench held the case proved and lined the dolin quent 108., with £1 ls. costs, in default distress. DAcxs.-Mesers. and Miss Roberts, the well-known teachers of dancing, inti Smata they giero instructions daily in Fashionable Dat.,eb, including the Modern Waltz, frst introduced by them into the colony, and which is still.the chief feature of ball-roomn programmes. Classes are held every day and evening. Private Lessoni by appointment. 195 Collins St. 