MR. CATT AND WORKING MEN. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c;, NOT A GHOST. I am, &c.;, WORKING MAN. Gladstone, January 27, 1893. Sir —"Ghost of Hamlet," writing to your paper about Mr. Catt visiting the district and waiting on storekeepers and agents, refers to working men and their holdings, writing as if Mr. Catt would call them the "clime of the earth." Whoever "Ghost of Hamlet" ib, he writes without knowing the facts. Mr. Catt has visited the working men's blocks, or I was told so in Pirie, and Mr. Catt is taking a deep interest in working men and their blooks. I can assure the working men that they have a friend in Mr. Catt. Sir—l was very much grieved and at the same time somewhat amused at the letter of " Hamlet's Ghoat" in your issue of. the 25th instL, in which the writer refers to Mr. Catt's visit to Crystal Brook, and in which he pre sumes that the reason why he did not visit the working men and the small blockers is because he supposes they are regarded by him as the slime of the earth, As - a working man, and one who has been acquainted with Mr. Gatt for tbe last nine or ten years, I feel compelled in justice to enter my protest against such a vicious, unmanly, slan derous statement as the latter. Mr. Catt is as much a friend to the working classes as to any other class. He makes no distinction between rich or poor, bond or free; they are all the came to him. lam quite sore if " Hamlet's Ghost" will take the trouble to look up " Han sard" he will find that Mr. Catt has proved himself to be a friend of the working classes by supporting all measures brought forward in the House for their benefit. I am quite sure if "Hamlefs Ghost" would only inform Sir. Catt of his whereabouts and express a wish for an interview, he would be as much pleased to have a chat with him as with any storekeeper or spent. However, should Mr. Catt not have this pleasure I have no doubt ''Hamlet's Ghost" will have the privi lege of meeting Mr. Catt when on tbe hust ings, and will then have the chance of dis tinguishing himself, at which time I have no doubt Mr. Catt will be able to give an intelli gent and satiefactorv acconnt of his steward, ah id.- 