I ntereoloni&l.; CONSECRATION OF THE RIGHT REV. DR. DELANEY. j Imposing Ceremony at St. Patrick's j Cathedral, Ballarat. (Abridged from the Melbourne Advocate.) Never in the annals of the church at Ballarat has St Patrick's Cathedral been the scene of such an imposing ceremony as that which was enacted there on Sunday, ] December 10, when the Rev. Dr. Delaney i was consecrated by Archbishop Carr as I Bishop of Luanda and Co-adjutor Bishop | of Hobart. The cathedral was filled in I all parts by a congregation that was both large and representative, leading members j of the church attending from various parts | of Victoria ; and the ceremony of conse | oration, in which several distinguished j prelates of the church took part, was j attended with every pomp and splendor. This being the holy season of Advent, ; there were no decorations, either in the ' body of the church or on the altar : but j this fact did not detract from the glory of 5 the occasion, the ceremony of itself being | of the most solemn and impressive charac I ter. The high esteem in which the new j prelate is held was fully marked by the ; congregation, who demonstrated by their i numbers and their earnestness their ap i preciation of the distinction conferred upon the young priest who for some years has labored in their midst, and whose cheering presence has been a feature in their daily life. The ceremony was announced to begin at 11 o'clock but shortly after 10 o'clock the congregation began to be seated, and soon it was diffi cult to get a place in the centre aisle. ARRIVAL AT THE CATHEDRAL. At 10.30 three closed carriages, the two first being drawn by pairs of pure white horses, drove into the cathedral yard with the distinguished party from Bishop's Palace. In the first were Archbishop Carr, Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, and the Bishop-elect of Laranda, Dr. Delaney. In the second were Dr. Reville, Co-adjutov Bishop of Bendigo ; Dr. Corbctt, Bishop of Sale ; and Dr. Barry, Vicar-General of Bendigo, the other members of the party being seated in various other con veyances. THE CEKEMON V. The ceremony of consecration was per formed by His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne (Most Rev. Dr. Carr), assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat (Right Rev. Dr. Moore), and the Co-adjutor Bishop of Sandhurst (Dr. Reville). Among others present were the Archbishop of Hobart (Most Rev. Dr. Murphy), Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), and the Very Rev. Dr. Barry (Vicar-General of Bendigo). The laity were represented by—Hon. N. Fitz gerald, Dr. Kenny, Mr. Jas. Coghlan, and Mr. D. Brophy, Knights of St. Gregory ; and the Hon. E. O. M'Devitt, who were accommodated with seats inside the altar vails. The Papal brief, authorising the consecration, was read by Dean Hoyne. The prescribed question in Latin regard ing the Articles of the Catholic Faith to be held and the duties to be exercised in the Episcopal Ministry were then answered by Dr. Delaney, after which the consecra tion was proceeded with. The newly made bishop then received the Kiss of Peace from the bishops. The Mass was then concluded, and Dr. Delauey received the mitre and gloves and was solemnly ; enthroned. An eloquent sermon was preached by i Father Rogers, who took as his text, ! "Take heed to yourself and to all the ; flock over which the Holy Ghost hath ! placed you bishops, to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His Own blood." Addresses were presented to the n-~wly consecrated co-adjutor bishop by the priests of the Diocese of Ballarat, the League of the Cross, the Catholic Young Mai's Society, ancl the Confraternity of the Holy Family. Bishop Delaney suit ably replied. CHORAL SERVICE. A powerful choir of 50 voices had been organised for the occasion, the singing being of the highest order, some of the solo music being excellently rendered, the choir master, Mr. Walton, wielding the baton, aud Mr. W. H. West presiding at the organ. The service was opened with the beautiful hymn "Come Let us Adore," rendered by bass soloist and chorus, the solo being taken by Mr. J. Lake. The Kyrie of Haydn's Imperial Mass was next rendered, the solo falling to Mrs. Byrne. The Credo was beauti fully given, and was followed by Et Inccr iiatus, Mrs. Byrne taking the Atjnus Dei. Dona Nobis completed the music of the Mass. At the close of the consecration Bishop Moore entertained the company of dis tinguished prelates and priests who took part in the oeremony, also several leading laymen, at dinner at the Bishop's Palace. The cathedral was again filled, in the evening for the Vespers service, when the sermon was preached by Father Harring ton, who delivered an ijloquent discourse. The preacher took his text from Luke xvi., 24—" Blessed are the eyes that see the things which you see," etc. He dwelt at length upon the necessity, of gratitude for the blessed sacraments, and referred in eloquent terms to the growth of the church, especially in Ireland. The vesper kntisic included the psalms usually sung, the hymn, Iste Confessor, and Alma llcelemptoris, for soprano, tenor, and bass ; soli and chorus. The O Salutaris was, to music by Parker, artistically sung by Mrs.Burrowes; and the Tantum Ergo (Rossi), for tenor and bass, was well given by Messrs. Burton and Walton. We gave a sketch of the career of the Co-adjutor Bishop-elect of Hobart in The Southern Cross a few weeks ago, when the appointment was mentioned. He was born in Galway, in 1858, and has had a brilliant academic career, at All Hal low's College, where he was afterwards Erofessor, and at St. Sulpice, Paris. He as travelled in Italy, Germany, Holland, Austria, and France, and is an accom plished linguist. Dr. Delaney came to Australia in 1885. ■ Since then he has been attached to the Diocese of Ballarat, acting as Bishop Moore's private secretary, till selected for the elevation to the epis copate. 