The Storyteller. THE HOUSE ON THE MABSH. . , ^CHAPTEB III. (Continued.) ?But thi« is the wrong way. I hare to torn to the left, I know,' aaid I. 'There it* ahed for carts here where 7we ?ball get shelter,' said he. : And in a few minutes we reached it, apd I foand myself sitting under alow roof on.tbe red. ihaft of V cart, ' watching 'the dowqpoar ontoide. while Mr. Beade. shook the rain from onr umbrellas. A- fow days before I might hate found something to enjoy in this cations eoconnter whfa my' friend of the dog-cart ; but the rudeness and oaspicion of his sisters had made me shy with him. 80 I merely sat there and looked straight in front of me, while he, infected by ray reserve, leant, against the side of the shed and looked st me. J could — see as one kh so many thing*, with out looking — the rain-drops fa ng one by one from the low roof on to his at ; but I would not tell him of it. Things went on like this for .gome minntes, until a hright flash of lightning dazzled me and made me cry ' Oh 1' , 'Yon are frightened. Let me stand in front of yon,' said my companion, starting forward. 1 Oh, no, thank you— I , am not, nervous.!1 I 'replied contemptuously, when a loud peal of thunder startled me so much that I nearly ? fell, off my seat. He said nothing, did not even smile at my crestfallen look ; bat took up his stand in froat of me, giving me a fine view of his pro file against the dark sky. Every minnte of this awkward silenoe was making it more dif ficult for tne to think oj something to aav. 'I wish it would .laareoff,' I remarked stnpidly, at length. ??. '.Are yon in suoh a hurry to get back to the Aldera ? It is no drier there than here.' .' Bat at least one can ohsnge one's boots.' 'Have yon got your feet wet? Why, yon have on little toy town-boats, not fit to walk down a oonntry-lane in ! You will be laid up with rheumatic fever, or something' of the kind,' said he anxiously, looking vaguely about him for dry boots. ?'Oh, no, no — they are much thicker than they look 1' said I. ' It isn't that. Bat; Mr. Rayner will be anxious.' 'Mr. Rayner; and Mrs. Rayner won't she be anxious too ?' ' Oh, Mrs. Rayner is never anything ! At leait— I mean,' said.I, annoyed at having spoken without thinking, 'she is so reMrred that———' ' That yon like Mr. Rayner best?'— 'Oh, 7«*\1' . He dnw himself up rather ool^ly. ' So dombrt ladies, I believe.' ? One can't, help liking a person who ttlke and laughs, and is brighi and kind, batter than one whe never speaks, and glides about like a ghost and look! coldly at you if you speak to her, I bunt oat, apologetically* at first, bat warm ing into vehemence tow»rds,the close of my speech. 'Perhaps she means to be kind,' said he gently. ' Then she ought to make her meaning plainer. She can't think it is/kind to fix her eyes upon me as if I were something not human, if I laugh ; to give mo her hand so coldly and onresponsiyely that it seema like a dead hand in mine, and at other times to take no more notice of me than if I were not there. Besides, she knows that it is the first time I have ever left home, and she must see sometime! that I am not happy.' Mr. Reade suddenly stooped towards me, and then straightened himself again juit aa suddenly, without any remark ; but he cleared his throat. I remembered that I had no right to make this confession to a comparative strapger, and I added quickly— ' I ought not to talk as if I were ill-treated. I am not at all. If she would only not be quite so cold 1' ' Perhaps her own troubles are very heavy and hard to bear.' ' ' Ob, no, they are not ! ? I replied oonfi dently. 'At least, she has a kind husband and a pretty home, and everything she can wish for. And I think it ia very selfish of her to give herself up to brooding over the memory of her ? dead child, instead of trying to please her living husband.' ' Her dead child ?' 'Yes. She bad a boy who died some years . ago, and she has never got over it. That is why she is so reserved.' ' Oh I How long ago did this boy die ?' asked he, in a curiously incredulous tone. 'About five years ago, I think, Mr. ayner said.' 'Oh, then it was Mr. Rayner who told yon ?'— 'Yes.' y 'And Mrs. Rayner has never got over it P' 'No. It seems dimcuit to - balieve, doesn't it, that a brilliant woman who wrote books and was aauph admuvd sbonld fade like that into a kind of shadow? I. wonder she; doesn't write more books to divert her thoughts from brooding over the past!' ' Oh, she wrote books 1 Did she tell you so herself f' ' No— Mr. Rayner.' ' Oh ! Did Mr. Rayner tell you any more ?' Ihe irony in his. tone was -, now. so «n mistakabla that I hwitated and looked up at him lBqiiringly. ' I am sore he must hare told yon that he is a very ill-used man and a very long suffering, haaband,' and asked you. to pity him. Didn't he, Miss ChrisUe? Ah, Isee he did The cried. I cou|d. feel the; blood rashing to- any cheelfs^ but I was; indigaant at having to submit to this catechism. 'Mr. Rayner never asks impertinsnt questions,' I said severely. The. young man draw back, muttered ' ' I beg your pardon,' and, turning to watch the rain,. began to bam something' without any tune to cover his disoomfiture. I was. sorry directly ; but my dignity forbade my calling him back to retract the snub. Yet I wac dying to know the reason of his violent prejudice against Mr. Rayner. To my relief in a few minutes he came baok to me of bis own accord. . ' Hiss Christie,' he began nervously, ' I am afraid I have offended yon. Won't you forgive me for being carried a little too far by my interest in a lady who herself oon fessed that she is away from her. friends for the first time and not— very happy V I could not resist suoh an appeal as that : I looked up smiling, with taars in my syei. ' Oh, I am not at all offended ! Bat I should like to-kaow-what reason. you have for thinking so ill, as 70a seem to do, of Mr. fiaynor.' ' P.irbaps I .am wrong. I really have no proof that he is anything but what he wishes every one to think him — a light-hearted, accomplished man, of idle life and pleasant temper. It u not his fault that, with all hia cleverness, his ea*e of manner is not quite the ease of a gentleman.' I was scarcely experienced enough to have found that out for myself. I considered for a moment, and then said rather timidly — ' Won't yon tell me anything more ? You can if you will, ,1 think, and, alone in the world as I am, I want all the knowledge I can get about the people I live among, to guide me in my condnct.' He seemed to debate with himself fora moment ; then. he sat ddwri'b'eside me on the other »haft of the cart, and said very earnestly — ' Seriously, then, :Miss Christie, I would advise you to leave the Alders as soon.as you possibly oan, even before jon have not got another engagement. Yob are inahe midst of more dangers than you can possiblyknow of, more probably than I know of myself, more certainly than -I can warn yoe against.' His voice was very low as 'be finiaheil, and, while we both sat silent, he with his eyes intently fixed on my face, mine staring out feaifnlly at the sky, a dark .figure suddenly appeared before us, blocking out the light. It was Mr. Rayner. Mr. Reade and I. started guiltily. The new comer had ap-. proacbed so quietly that we had dot heard, him ;'? had 'he heard us 1 ? [To be continued.] 