TALES AND SKETCHES. PLAIN JOHN SMITH. (In The Belgravia Annual.) IConcluded.) Seven years paused away. Seven years; during which time thc most startling event that happened «as thc dcatlt nf my poor mother. I will say nothing more about this ; it has nothing to do with the story, and I loved her dearly. 1 had left the little house next to Miss Swcctlove's ; most of the furniture was sold. I occupied apartments in a dismally.respect alilc terrace in thc town, and ver-,' lonely I found them sometimes. I was head-salesman in our office now, get ting a pretty good salary. Long ago I had abandoned, in despair, thcfruitlcssattcmptto raise whiskers ; and really I think the scant supply I possessed thrived better, left to their own devices, than they did with all the care I used to lavish upon them. I can't suy with truth that in these years I had never felt any touch of thc ' tender passion,' for I have disliust recollections of a strange flutter in thc region af the heart befalling mc mi that Sunday when thc Miss Kubinsons appeared in new blue bonnets ; but those bonnets grcwdiiLy,-aiid thc flutter died away. 1 also remember a certain Fanny Price, whom I met at Miss Swcctlove's carpet dance ; I forget how many times I danced with lier. I took her down to supper, pulled crackers with her, attended with solicitude lo all her little wanlB, und looked, or tried to look, unutterable tliiugs the while ; she apparently smiling ditto back to mc. Hut, ob, fulsc, deceiving Funny Price ! that duy fortnight I heard from Mibs .Swcctlove's own malicious lips that Funny Price was no more, and that Fanny Grundy reigned in her stead. lt was my twenty-seventh birthday. This fuel brought me no pleasure. 1 knew no one who would make mc any presents, and I suppose that's what birthday,, are generally welcomed for. I, at least, saw nothing to rejoice ut in having marched one step nearer the grave-one year nearer the solution of that terrible mystery-a span, perhaps, on thc road to that ' undiscovered bourne ' which most weak mortals dread BO to contemplate, doubtless on account of its obscur it v, and thc knowledge that all must perforce travel thither. The church hells were ringing loudly on that June morning; for it was Sunday, and the people iu thc street below were hurrying to their different places of worship. I could hear thc subdued clatter of their footsteps plainly, as I sat at my solitary breakfast. Suddenly I formed a resolution. I would go to thc parish church and hear thc autbeni ; tliuy had capital music there. lu this way I would celebrate my natal day. I soon dressed myself, and made one of the stream of people wending their way to church and chapel. I had some distance to walk, and by the time I reached St. Mary's the congregation were singing tho ' Vciiitc.' ' Put mc any- where,'1 whispered totheverger. Accordingly, when I bad put down my hut, and found ray place, I became aware thal thc other end of the pew was already occupied hy a young lady. Another look, and I saw that she was dressed in black, or something very dark. Another, aud I noticed that she wore a thick veil. Then a lot of promiscuous glances, for I couldn't keep my eyes off her. There was I, instead of list-miug to thc music I had come to hear, twisting and screwing my eyes into the most painful positions. If I could but pierce that veil, and see the face beneath ! What lovely golden hair ! What a pretty biiand 1 What a graceful figure ! There wus such a nameless air of quiet sadness hanging ubout her. Had she lost her father, or mother, or-no, she looked too young to have had a lover ; no, alic didn't look like that sort of thing, Sec., kc Thus I ruminated, while thc object of my speculation seemed unaware even of my presence. Glad am I that she did not observe my rude and vulgar staring. There she sat or stood, ubsorbed apparently in her devotions. I am ashamed to say that I have but a very imperfect recollection of that service, the music of which I have every reason to suppose was good. I believe they were somewhere in thc middle of thc anthem, but what the anthem wus about I haven't the ghost of an idea ; 1 only know that it chimed iu very pleasantly with my meditations concerning my interesting companion." Well, they were in (be midst of theunthem, when I was startled hy hearing a faint sigh, ami, turning quickly I was just tn time to see thc book slip from my fair neighbour's hand, and her arms drop heavily to her side, while she herself sank helplessly on to thc scat. Herc was a nice predicament fur a bashful young mun ! I was ut her side directly, trying to rouse her. An old gcntlemuu from the pew behind came my assistance, und together wc half lcd, half carried her out, 'She's fainted, poor thing! It's tho 'cat,' said thc verger, as he hurried off for sonic wator. Wc raised her veil. Ah, I was not mis- taken ! I think I never beheld so lovely a face, u!l set round in u frame of golden huir ; but, oh ! so pale and white-not one vestige of colour even in the lips. ' Poor thing ! poor thing!' murmured the old gentleman, as wc clmfcd her huuds and sprinkled her face with cold water. Slowly the colour came fluttering back lo cheek and lip : slowly shu opened lier great lilm; eyes, und looked at us vaguely at first, then wonderingly ; atlast starting up ' Where nm I?' she asked, looking from ono to thc other in perplexity. Wo told her how she had fainted, and wc had curried her out of church. She I hanked us with simply dignity for our ' trouble and kindness,' accounting for her indisposition by reason of the lieut. On my offering to escort her home, she gently but firmly refused my coinpauy, in such manner that I could neither take umbrage ut the refusal nor urge any further my request. Saying thut she felt quite revived now, and that thc fresh air would soon completely restore her, she bowed gracefully and left us. I watched thc pretty, lithe figure until it swept out of Bight, and then, with u sigh, turned buck into thc church. Oh, what had wrought, thc change there ? Had thc sun gone behind a cloud, aud left us all iu darkness V Wus tliis thc limbic whose beauly I hud heard extolled ? And tho sermon-surely, surely, never such a long, dreary sermon was droned out of any pulpit as that which fell upon my restless curs on my twcnly-seveutli birthday. I can scarcely describe thc state of mind which followed-the restless, dissatisfied feel- ing thnt took possession of me-the sense of delicious misery that fell upon mc, causing thc most erratic proceedings on my part ; aimless wanderings, speculations, and cogita- tions, all rclutiug to that fuir young damsel who hud fainted during thc singing of thc anthem at St. Mary's. Suuduy uftcr Sunduy saw me at thc parish church ; Inn never more did the verger put me into u pew in which sat un interesting figure in black : never more beneath thut sacred roof, search ns 1 would, did mino eyes j light upon that sweet pale face und golden huir. This kind of thing went on for some two months. 1 hail confessed reluctantly to myself during that time that John Smith must bo in love-with an unknown maiden, too, who had appeared and disappeared mysteriously--in love, hopelessly and madly, with a vision, n myth perhaps, A nice position this for plain John Smith ! lwusbcgiiiniiigtiidespairof ever agaiuseeiug the face that bau brought about sticn a revol- ution in my matter- of-fact heart, or brain which is it this sort of thing generally affects? -when, one evening, mooning listlessly about the streets, as hod lately become a habit of mine, wondering vaguely if it could all have been a dream, and Iliad never really assisted in the carrying out and restoring to life of that fainting fair ono (for such a strange, un- usual halo surrounded those hours of my twenty-seventh birthday spent in St Marys Parish Church, that I began to doubt their reality)-aa I said, then, strolling moodily along, my heart suddenly fluttered wildly and ! then seemed to stand still, while the blood rushed madly through my veins. A queer sensation, you'll admit, for commonplace John Smith, and all on account of a face which the light nf a shop window I was passing shono upon. Vou'H guess whoBC, I don't doubt. Without a moment's thought, I turned quickly and followed. I had no object in view lliut I was aware of, except that it was bliss to bc near ber, and again to admire thc graceful figure walking ulong so quietly before me, ond to mich thc gleam of her golden hair from beneath her bonnet, as struy rayB of light from street lump or ehop window revelled for a moment lhere. On she went, and oa I went after her. What a delicious whirl of mud delight per vuded all my scnBcs 1 What an unreas iug, stupid, foolish feeling of happiness filled me ! Thus wc proceeded for some distance : until wc hud traversed several streets, I treading close on thc footsteps of the fair unknown. Presently she turned up a side road ; scarcely had the flutter of her dark dress disuppcared from my view, when I too had gained that turning. Alas '. thc whole street was empty. From beginning to end af thal paltry alley nota living soul wits tobe seen. Could I huvc been mistaken in tho faint light of that autumn evening t Wildly I turned hack and searched thc whole neigh- bourhood ; but all my efforts were vain. With blank despair I ut lust gave up, and disconsolately sought my dreary lodgings. Why I should have felt so miserably disap- pointed I can't tell. I certainly see no end that could have bosn gained, oven if I hud not lost her thus hopelessly. Hut this is after reasoning ; ut the time I only experienced hitter defeat. I need hardly explain to the intelligent, youth of the nineteenth century that this little episode did but serve to increase and vivify the passion thal cpnsumed me. Those who have gone through it all themselves (and I hope thi re ure few so frigid-hearted as to have reached the ago of «cvcn-and twenty without having experienced something of thc sort) will have u fellow-feeling with me when I tel] them that, so virulent was my attack, that night and day I was never, for a moment, free from the fever that filled my brain with , visions of sweet blue eyes and golden hair, which entangled themselves in every occupa- tion nf my life, whether ut home or aboard. Such strange mistakes did I make among the wool samples, that my principal spoke seriously as to the advisability nf my taking my holiday ut once, and getting away for a bit ; thinking, deluded soul ! that I was over-. ? worked and wanted change. So irregular was my conduct at home, that my landlady had grave doubts, I believe, OB to my sanity, and woudcred aloud ' What hud come to the mun ?' Bach evening I haunted thc streets through which I had followed thc disturber of my peace, hoping that perhaps some kind chance might bring her that way again. Deplorable all this for prosaic John .Smith ; and, worse than all, looking back, I confess that a Btrange scuse of pleasure stole into thoBC feverish duys. A short time after this I sallied forth one duy to get my dinner. I had reached the street in which the desirable chophouse was situated which, as a rule, I patronised ; when once again I was startled, thrilled, and elec- trified, by seeing thc form and figure of the interesting unkuown on the other side of thc road. Yes, there she was, without doubt, in bread daylight, and unveiled. Surely fate, in pity for my miserable condition, was at last befriending mc. Quickly I crossed thc street, determined not to lose sight of her this time ; forgetting thc claims of hunger, etiquette-everything eveept that she was there before mc. I followed hotly. Through thc crowded streets wc went ; I, with my glowing, foolish heat t, shouldering a way for myself ; regardless of thc indignant glances my rudeness caused among my fcllow-passcngeis. Never, for one instant, did I take my eyes off thc glittering moss of yellow hair before me. On wc went, leaving the noisy turmoil of thc town behind us at lust. Now we were in a long, straight road ; on cither side were gentlemen's villa residences, with gardens, thc trees of which overhung thc side-walk -all this, of course, I did not notice then ; it is thc result of after observation. Wa two were thc ouly human beiugs in sight. We lind gone several yardB along thc shady footway, when suddenly the figure I was pursuing turned round and con- fronted mc. So struck was I with astonish- ment and confusion at being thus detected, us it were, that, losing cutircly, beneath thc haughty gaze of those glorious eyes, what little presence of mind 1 possessed, 1 stood stock still, ' staring liken stuck pig,' to usea vulgar metaphor. ' Now, sir, why do yon follow mc ';' she asked quietly. ' 1-I-I-' stammered I, feeling about as foolish and uncomfortable us ever 1 did in all my life. She went on, without heeding me, u little hurriedly : ' Is it manly-is it gentlemanly is il kind-to persecute in this way a woman who has but herself to look to for protection V ' I beg your pardon-I didn't mean ' began I humbly ; feeling dreadfully ashamed of myself. ' This is my way, let that be yours, ' she in- terrupted coldly, with a wave of her hand in thc direction we bad come. Cleopatra herself could not have made u more queenly gesture, or looked more lovely thc while. Without a murmur, I raised my hat and left her ; cursing tile miserable folly und stupidity that had lcd mc into such a scrape. Firmly I resolved, with might aud main, todo battle with my unruly imagination, Hud box it up again in those rogious where it had slept so calmly these seven years. On arriving at the corner of thc street, where for ever I should lose sight of her, 1 ventured one glance behind ; there she stood, calmly waiting until I should disappear. One lingering look I cast upon the sombre, dark clad figure, and thc gleaming yellow huir, and, turning, proceeded on my way ; feeling that all who met me, and looked mc in thc face, must know of my failure and defeat. Pull down thc curtaiu on this the second net in thc romance of my life. Tlic days lengthened out into weeks, and thc weeks into months. You mutt imagine for yourselves in what a deplorable flume of mind these days and weeks were spent by poor John Smith. Lei tuc only tell you how valiintly I strove, and how fiercely I waged war against the thoughts that would come cropping up, battle with them as I would, aud tho visions that would come trooping to my brain, strive us 1 might to ignore them. These were thc duys in which 1 first took seriously to smoking ; and I consider that the debt of gratitude owed by Jahn Smith to the ' fragrant weed ' for the solace and comfort it gave him through many u woury hour, during this most trying period of hiscxistcnee, can never be adequately repaid in thiB world. To those of my fcllow-breatliren who, chancing tn read this, tuc ulllicted with any phase of thc same disease as I was troubled with, Ï say, ' Try it :' und if ' bird's eye ' and ' Given dish ' bring no relief, you must indeed be fur gone. A little more than a year hud passed away. Under the combined influence of dctcrminliou aud tobacco, I was at last beginning to regain something like my former peace of mind. Still, however, promiscuous thrills and flutters would sometimos seize my heart, and occasion momentary wild beatings there, did minc eyes happen to light upon some elegant, dark-robed figure, ur catch a glimpse of somo goldcn-huired maiden, who for au instant brought back to my bruin visions of thc upsetter of my peuce. Well, us I hnvc been trying to explain, I wan recovering nicely, when all at once I had u fearful relapse. Let me hasten to relate how this came about. lt was Saturday afternoon. How vividly that bleak, cold December afternoon is engraven on my mind ! I had felt more chirpy thal day, and less tormented with the linger- ing remains of my malady. Besides which, our ' governor' had spoken to nie in the morn iog touching an inorcoso of salary, and further step upwards on the wool-broki Judder. It was with tolerable cheerfulue therefore, that, having left the office earl than usual, I, lighting my pipe, went foi into tho chill east wind, and turned my fi towards home. I had nearly reached the prim street which I had located myself, when I becai aware of a little knot of pcrsuus gather together on thc pathway before mc, wiri the gregarious habits of the British public » fast increasing into a Biuall crowd. Now, as a rule, I eschew crushes a crowds of all kinds; but some unaccountat impulsa prompted me ta hasten my steps, ai acquaint myself with thc occasion of t present gathering. Reaching thc spot, I shouldered a way f myself through thc eager, inquisitive grou Arrived in the centre, this is what l.saw : thc road, a brewer's cart laden with barre] having in thc shafts a couple of those pour fully-built quadrupeds one usually associât willi thc drawing of snell burdens. At thc heads Btood the driver, whip in hun haranguing, in loud, excited voice, those thc crowd who pressed more immediate! around him. Upon thc ground lay a tal emanated figure, with pale, sunken feature from which every utom of colour had flo« leaving them un ashen prey, suve where vivid stream of crimson trickled from tl lips, and fell upon the white shirt front ; un bending over him, wringing her hands i speechless affright, waa u slender, girlish foi n with golden hair and great blue eyes. In un instant a revelation flashed aero: me ; my thin, noblcfttccd prisoner !-my pub bliic-ayod daughter-my flark-robed ¡nm moruta I-here they were all before mi Yes, there was no mistaking those features the locks wore white now, and tile fm furrowed with many a deep line of care-age almost past recognition : but still I knew again. And thc child, the memory of who: tear-stained face hud so haunted mc cigr, years before, and the woman who had s confused my foolish heart-how was it tho never until how had I had a notion that the were ono and thc same ? All this, of coursi rushed through my mind at lightning speer while I was making way to thc terror-strickc girl's side ; for, tired with au impulse fe which I cannot account, 1 pushed aside th few who were vainly questioning thc poi; girl, saying authoritatively : 11 know this gentleman. Herc, one of yoi run for a doctor,' I cried ; und, stooping, loosened the poor fellow's cravat, aud endcav ourcd with my hankcrchief to staunch th ghostly stream of life-blood oozing still froi those pallid lips, while I spoke what words could to comfort and reassure his trcmblin daughter. Luckily tile doctor was not long in makin his uppcarauce. On viewing thc shattcre frame before him, be shook his head gravel) aud instantly set to work to do what he cont for the unfortunate man. Some among the lapidly increasing crowd pushing forward officiously, began a confuse and contradictory accuuut of the accident how thc poor gentleman bad been run ore in trying to cross thc road with his daughtci These I earnestly entreated to stand back Two policemen, who now appeared on tb scene, materially aided in carrying out in; request. Miss Douglas watched us with a look c heart-breaking misery on her benni if ul face. ' Will he die ?' she had asked thc doctor with clasped bands and trembling hps, and li had replied : ' No, no, I hope not ; but wc must get hin home. Do you live far from here? Sh' shook her head-apparently, in her distres and terror, incapable of further speech. As yet it was impossible to estimate th extent of the injury. Thc wheel of thc hcav; dray had passed over thc unfortunate gentle ?nan's chest, causing some internal hemorr huge, from which came thc bleeding of tb lips. Wc hailed a passing cab, into which wi lifted him carefully aud gently. Thc docto: followed ; I approached thc girl for tin purpose of assisting ber in too, saying, as ] did so, 'Try to collect yourself, Miss Douglas sufficiently to tell us where to drive to.' I fancied she started and looked surprised even in thc midst of lier grief and trouble, 01 hearing lier narnu ; if ta, my surprise wai greater when I heard her give the líame of ; street not a stone's throw from the one wine) so long had held my own humble ubode. I w ill not stop to tell how wc arrived there nor yet the wonder mid thc consternation of tin landlady on perceiving the condition of hci lodger, and thc tumult and confusion thai reigned supreme in that small household. Major, or Mr. Douglas, us I found thc) called him now, was insensible when we lair him on thc bed, and remained so up to flit time I left. His daughter, now that thc first shack wai over, seemed to recover her self- possession : taking her place at the Bick man's side, witli loving, anxious hands, which affection rendered able, she attended to bis comforts ; while with ready intelligence she helped tc carry out the doctor's suggestions. A chango was coming over the spirit ol John Smith's dream. Ah ! how buppy I was ! how selfishly happy '. liven the thought of tile human life ebbing uway so fast had no power to mar thc wild, delirious happiness that now Hooded my life ; for each day saw inc beneath the same roof that covered Arr golden head. SomctincB I cveu saw und spoke to her think of that ! She would thank mc for coming \--for my kind enquiries : think of that, young hearts that throb with the same coin filaint us mine did then : Friends ! tobacco ost its charm ! Can you believe it? I was ton happy to smoke. Only to sit und muse of the lust time I hud seen her-to say to myself over again all that she had said-to call to mind thc expression she had put into each word-each gesture, every trick of thc head or hand-was suflicicut. Oh, I forgot pipes, cigars, 'bini's eye' and ' Cavendish,' thinking of all these things ! How many times did 1 puss up und down that little, common street, 1 wonder ? some- times sauntering slowly along, with eyes bent modestly, in a preoccupied manner, lo thc ground ; sometimes rushing past, us if loaded with business. What violent elici ts I made lo let il appear to all whom it might concern (and I, in my foolish self-consciousness, fellas if thc name of these was legion) that Hint house, of ullin the low, wan thc one which I lie least interested mc. Ah, me \ bow suddenly I found out that that one street led to every- where-to thc office ; turu which way I would for my evening walk, it was always thc way home. For aevcral days Mr. Douglas lingered, till at last, without, once regaining consciousness, ho passed quietly away. Thu doctor and I alone followed thu body to its lust rcstitig-pluee. Could anybody have guessed, len years before, that ut the funeral of Mujor DuughiB, of Thornton (J range, plain John Smith would act thc part of chief mourner!, I have u prejudice- against quoting Lutin phrases : but let me usk, Wus not this u passing away of thc worlds glory ! 1 must hasten now. 1 cannot stop to tell you af the wild grief of the (laughter, lefr all ulone to baltic with the world. I must only hint ul thc mad, and 1 fear Hellish, joy willi which I saw thc poor, lonely soul tum to »ie for comfort. Those were happy, happy day« in prosaic John Smith's life; but the happiest ol them all was that bright June morning when lie walked quietly to St. Mary's. Church, and played out thc lust act in the one romance of his humdrum life. Ves, some «ix months afterwards (don't ask nie how it all caine about, for 1 cftu'l tell even you ihat), I vowed, beneath St. Mary "s sacred roof, to ' love, comfort, and honour ' Mary Douglas ' so long ns we both should live,' und listaucd to her sweet lips framing words lo very much thc Bsine effect, John Smith being thc recipient nf the vow in this case. Oh ! thu quiet joy and gladness that hus crept into my life, and tinted all the days with rose, since that summer morning when Mary stood iu the sunshine, and for the last timo signed herself Mary Douglas in the dirty parish register at St. Mary's I No moro duUcveningsand lonely walks-no more dreary lodgings in dismal street« ; bul a Îjuiet little home of my own, with-Mary'a dear, ace to nod adieu to me when. 1 leave for1 business in the morning, or smile a welcome when evening sees me return. Of course wehavehad troubles. Would any ono like a rose without thorns! We have some times had a struggle to make both ends conveniently meet, as I suppose most do who marry upon a moderate salary. It was also a sore trouble to us when our two first little outs died, without once opening their eyes on the glories of this beautiful world. Trials like these, however, only knit my Marys heart more closely to minc ; and there are others extant to perpetuate the noble name of Smith. There sits Mary opposite me, smiling at mc and my romance, at> she mends little Frank's (for never will I inflict child of minc with the commonplace name of John, IctÜBry xay what slic will. No, Smith's bud enough, but that I can't help) knickerbockers, which have a propensity for going ut the knees. Here 1 think I had better close my story, for thinking of my happiness begets in mc an inclination to ramble. Sonic there are who may think that afir all this is not much of a romance-let mc tell these, I don't ugrcc with them. It was quito romance enough for matter-of-fact John Smith, and agaiu let me cxr r.'ss my wonder that such a part in thc play was assigned lo him. Of com so I may not have made enough of tho positions ; an Alonzo Fitz tierald might havo piled on the agony willi much greater effect but who can deny that thc situations wcro romantic? And, romántico.- not, this is all the romance thal ever came into tho life of Plain John Smith. 