TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL ALONG THE RIVER. BY MISS M. E. BR ADD ON, Author of "Lady Applet's Secret," "The Venetians, on All in Honor," "Aurora Floyd," itc. Copyrighted, by Tillotson and Son. Chapter XXVI. — "Though Love and Life and Death should Come and Go." Ieola was olono in tho spacious Roman draw- ingroom with its wide windows and shady loggia. Tho sun was oil that side of tho honso now, and the Venetian shiittore had been pushed back, and between the heavy stono pillars of tho loggia sho saw the orango and magnolia treos in tho garden, and the pale gold of tho mimosas boyond. Tho sun was shining full upon tho Hill of Gardens, that hill at whoso foot Noro was buried— in scorot, afrdond of night, by his faith ful freedmnn and tho devoted woman who loved him to the shameful end of tho shame ful life ; that hill whoso antique groves tho wicked Cesar's ghost had once made a place of terror. The wiokod ghost was laid now. Modern oivilisation had sont Nero tho way of all phantoms, and fashionable Homo made holi day on tho Hill of Gardens. A military band was playing there this afternoon in tho golden light, and the familiar melodies of Don Gio vanni wore wnfted ever and anon in little gusts of Bwoetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen oamollias and tho softer roso of oleandor blossoms gave brightnoss and . color to tho dark foliage and tho oold white stone. Isola heard thoso far off, melodios, taint in the dlatanco, without heeding. The notes were beyond measure familiar, interwoven with the very fnbrio of hor life ; for those wore the aire Martin Disnoy loved, and she had played them to him noarly every evening in thoir quiet monotonous life. , She hoard unheeding, for hor thoughts had wftndored back to tho night of. tho ball at LoBtwithiel, and all that wont after it —tho fatal night that struck the death knell of poaco and innoconcc. , How vividly sho remembered overy detail ; hor fluttering apprehensions during the; long drive in tho dark lanes, up hill and down hill ; her eagorness for the delight'of tho danoe, as an un accustomed pleasure, a aoene to 'wliioh youthful boauty flics as the moth to tho flaine ; her re morseful consciousness that sho had done wrong m yielding to tho temptation whioh drew her, there ; tho longing to soe Lord Lostwithicl onoo more— Lostwithiei; whom she had vowed to her- self never to meet again of her own free will, oho had gono homo chat afternoon resolved to forego the hall,, to mako- any sooial saorlfico ratlior than look upon that man whoso burning words of love, breathod in her ear before she had enough of nerve or calmnoss to silence him, had art her southed and Beared as if tho lightning had blasted hor. She had hoard his avowal; no room now to doubt. the moaning of all that had gono bofore; no ground now. for helieviug in a mf, '"tomb admiration,' lapping hor round Si. i , radiance, a light but- not a fire. U list which had burnt into her soul to-day was tho florco fiame of dishonoring love — the open avowal of a love that "wanted to steal bar from nor husband,- and mako her a sinner before her God. «,? k?ow ""8 muoh — had brooded npon it all ine evening— and yet she was going to a plaoo where sho must ihovitalily meet thetcmpfer. oho was going because' it was expediont to go ; hccauso lier persistant refusal to bo there might E. 1 1'89 Bnessos and auspioions that Would cad to a discovery of . tho real reason of her ab- bad scon often enough the subtle process, the sooiety search light, by whioh Trc ascoandFowey oould arrive at the innermost orking of a neighbor's heart, tho deepest mys- toriesof motive. nn.iil. waa ,P',nB to the ball after all, fevered, n L. ' dim forebodings; and yet with ,Scr expeotanoy j and yet with a strange ITnifi98 1 j How should she meat him? MnLif 8> av0'd him, without ostentatious nutiti109' knowing how many eyes -would be 1>a « deviation from conventional tn ;, or other alio waa resolved fill »,i i ? "''"cation with him ; to get hor oard an» r"9 5 ".u'd ask hor to danae ; or in to refuse if ho asked her. He would i,.. 9 ? v"hture to approach her aftor what had boon !Sii i c' wben hor indignation had he wm.1,1 i!y "IjPr"asod, with angry teare. No, wiMntm y dare. And so— in a vague be- eJrDt "'finding sho was at hor journey's urniiTn. 9W, lights of the littlo town olose rinon r,/' an(? ,'n "1Q noict fow minutes hor oar- sotfl,, i n,ov,?S "lowly in . tho rank of oarriagos inn their freight at . tho door of tho (ayS?119, " dream, sho saw tho lights and tlm r«.Wi91?' 'fine dresses and the dinpionds, vl,,?5 , "n,d whito, upon tho walls, brusli and Shrt i« ,v , 'd and brush. Ho was not there. fi»ii.i . , ,,amon8 "'a orowd, and that tall oiiou? .C dark ' head wcro absent. Sho hr.? h„ i. VG en S'"d "b this" respite ; and yet her heart grow heavy as lead. wil'lTn/L was thore, and alio waa waltzing itan.li- i » 0 '"at moment when lio was wprn i before her, oooj, solf possessed, as it no milnconsc 8 "' "'at' burning past, sho had tlinTuf? P?"r rofnso to be bio partner than civpn i i . caoaP® from the snako. Sho had him her hand, and thoy wore moving slowly, softly- to tho muiio of the. soft, alow waltz.- Myosotis, myoaotia — myatio flower whioh means everlasting remembrance— would she ever forget this night? Their last mooting— safost possible mooting plaoo hero in the shine of tho lamps— in the sight of tho multitude. Horo she oouhl hold him at arm'B length ; hero "bo might speak to him lightly, as if she too were unoonsoious of the past. Here sho was safe against his madness and her own weak, un stable heart, whioh fluttered at his smallest word. ; vi\n?. 80 night wore on, and oho danaed with him more times than sho oould count, for getting,. or .pretending to forgot, other engage ments ; going through an-ocoasional waltz with, another partner just for dooeuoy's sake, and hardly knowing who that partner whb ; knowing so well that there woe soineono else Btanding against tho wall watohing her evory movement, with the love light in his eyes. ?')len,0"m® "'0 period after supper when .they sat in the anteroom and let the dunces : go : by, hearing tho music of waltzes whioh they were to b"v® danood together, hearing and heeding not. And then came a sudden scare at tho thought of the hour— was it late ? .... Late, very late 1 ' d n ; . The discovery flnttored and unnerved her, and Bhe was scarcely able to collect hor thought's,' as. he handed her into the carriage, and shut the door, "Surely it was a white lioreo that brought me,' sho oxolaimcd, and in tho no'xt minute the reoognisfed Lostwithiel's brougham, the tame carriage in whiqh Bhe . had been driven home through the rain upon that unforgotten night when his house sheltered her, when she saw' his faco for the first time. ' ' ' Yee, it was his carrioge. She knew the color of the lining, the little brass clook, the reading lamp, the black panther rug. She pulled at the cboolc string, but without offeot, the carriage drove on slowly, but Btcadily, to the end of tho town. She let down tho window and aalled to the eoaohman. There was only one man on tho box, and be took no notice of her call. Yes, lie bad heard Iter, perhaps, for ho drew up ilia horse suddenly by the roadside, a little way boyond the town. A man opened the door and sprang in, breathless after running. It waa Lostwithiol. "You put me into your carriage," ehe 'crlod, distraotodly. "How oould you make suoli a mi3tako? Pray, tell him to go hack to the inn dirootly." . I noy were driving along the country road at a rapid pace, and he had Boated himself by her side, olasping her band. He'puiled up the window nearest her and proveuted her oalling to the ooaohman. "Why should yon go baok? You will bo homo sooner, with my horse than with the screw that brought you." " But the fly will bo waiting for me— tho man will wonder.'' . " " Let him wonder. Ho won't wait very long, you may be assured. He will guess what lias happenod. In the confusion of oarriagos you. took the wrong one. Isola, I am.going to leave Cornwall to-night— to leayo England— perhaps never to return. Give mo the last few moments of my lifo here. Bo merciful to me. l am going away— perhaps for over." " Take me home," sho said. " Are you really- taking me home? Is this the right way ?" " Of course it is tho right way. Do you sup pose I am going to drive you to London 1" ' Ho lot down the glass suddenly, and pointed out to the night. \- "Isola, do you boo where wo are? There's the sign poBt at the crosa roads. There's the tower of Ty wardroath churob, though you can' hardly see it in this dim light. Are you satis, fled now ?" Hb had drawn up the glass again. The Win dows were growing dim with tho mist of Hum- mingled breath ; the atmosphere was faint with the odor of the faded chrysanthemums' on her gown nnd the gardenia in the lapel of his coat. All that sho oould boo of tho outer world was the blurrod light of tho carriage lamps.' The highspiritod horse was going up and down the hills at a perilous pace. At this rate'the journey oould not tako long. ' And then— and then — be came back to the prayer ho had breathed in ber car more than twelve hoars ago in tho wintry lane. He loved hor, he loved her, he loved her— could sho refuse to go away with' him— having woven herself into his lifo, having made him madly, helplessly in .love with her? Could sho refuse? Had any woman the right to refuse? He appealed to ber sense of honor. Sho had' gono too for, bhe had granted too mnph already, granting him' hor love. ' She was in his arm in the dim light, hvthe faint, dream like atmoHpkore. He was taking possession of her weak heart by all that soienoe of love in which lie was past master. Honor,' oonsoience,. fidelity to tho absent, piety, inno cence, were being swept away in that lava flood of passion. Helpless, irresoluto, she faltered again and again, Take me home, Lostwithiei ! Havo meroy ! Take mo home." , . , -v , ; He stopped thoso tremulous lips with a kiss— ; tho kiss that betrays. The carriage dashed down; a steep hill, rattled along a Btreet so narrow that tho wheals seemed to grind against tho house; fronts on esoli aide, down bill again and then it draw up suddenly in a stony square, and' the door opened, und tho soft, sea- breeze blow among her loosened hair, and upon her un covered neck, and she . heard tho gentle plish-' plash of a boat moored against the quay at her foot. : ' ; "This is not home,", she cried piteonsly/ ; "Yes, it is home, love, bar home far ; a little whila— the homo that ean carry us to the other' end of the world, if 'you will." ; The quay, and the wbtbr; and the few faint lights here and there grew dark, and she : knew no more, till she heard the sailors crying, Yco h'eave, yeo, and the'hoavy sails swinging, and the oreak of;the boom as it swayed iu the wind; and felt the danoing motion of the boat as she out' her way through the waves,' felt the strong arm that olaeped her, and heard tlie low, -foiul . voice that murmured in her:car, ''Isola, labia, forgive me, Ieould not live withontyou." . . . . That whieli eame;afterwardsbad-Becmcd- one long and lurid dream— a dream of fairiweathor. end foul ; of . peril and despair ; of passionate, all conquering love. To- day, ue. she lay supine in the afternoon silonoe — lying as Tabitba had 'left . her, in a fevered sleep— the vision of that past oamo ba'ok upon her in all its vivid ooloring, almost as distinctly as it had reaotod itself in her hours of delirium, wlion she had lived that tragic ohapter of her life over again, aiid had folt the fury of tho wavos and breathod the ohiil, Bait air of the totnpest driven sea, and had seou the bright full moon riding higii'abiidst the cloud ohaosr-now appearing, now vanishing, as if sho, too, were 'a : storm drivon bark in a raging sea. ' ' - Oh, God ! liow vividly those hours came baok !; Tho awful progress across tho bay ; tho brooding darkness of the brief day ; the infinite horror oh tho long night; the shuddering yacht,- with straining spars, and broadside bonten . by '.'n heaving mass of water, that struck her with the force of a thousand battering rams, blow after blow, seoming.as if tho next must always bo tire last— tho final orash and end of all things. Tho protty, dainty vosacl, long and narrow, rode like an egg shell on those furiouB waters — hero a long wall of inky blnokness, rising liko a mountain ridgo and bearing down -on the.dqomod ship, and beyond, as far as tho eye oould reach, a waste of surf, livid in the moonlight. What helpless, iu-. significance, as of a leaf tossed on a whirlpool, wlion that mountainous mass took the yacht and lifted her on Cyclopean shoulders, and shook her off again into the deep, blaok trough of tbo son, as into the depthB. of hell ! And this not onoo only, nor a hundred timea only, but on through that endless seeming night, on in tlio sickly winter dawn, and in the faint yollow gleam of a rainy noontide— on through day that scorned mixed and entangled with night, as if tho be ginning of creation bad oomo round again, and the light were not yet divided from tho dnrk- ness. : Oh, those passionate, nevor to bo forgotton moments, when she bad stood with him at the top of the companion, looking out upon thoso livid .waters, over that sea of death; fondly bolieving that oaoh moment was to be their last; tlmt:tho gatos of death were opening yonder— a watery , way, a gulf to which thoy must go down, in a.moment, in a little moment, in a flash, in a breath, at tho next, or .the next, or the next mad plunge of the huirying bark. .Yes, death was there, in front of them— inevitable, imminent, immediate — and life and sin, shame, remorse, were done with, along with the life that lay bohind them, a page blotted and blurred with one passionate madness, whioh. had changed tho color of a woman's life history. Sho knew not how she bore iip against tho force of that tempest ; oliogiug to him with her bare, wet: arms; held . ujj by him : crouching against the woodwork, . whioh shook and rattleu with every blow of the battoring rains, She only knew that his arms wore round her, that slid was safe with him, even when the leaping surf wrapped her roiind' like a mantle, blinding, drowning her in n momentary extinction. Sue only knew that liis lips wore close to her ear, and that In an instant's lull of those -awful voices' ho murmured, - "'We are going to die, Isola. ' The boat cannot live through such a son. We Bhall go down to death togothor." And her lips 'turned to hiih with a joyful cry, " Thank God 1" '.Then again; in a momontary pause, ho pleaded, " Forgive- me, love ; my stolen love, forgive me before'we die 1".'. And egain, "Waa it aorime, Isola?" "If 'it.was I forgive you," she whispered, elinging to him as tho blast struokthem.' ' " -Bitter, -cruel revulsion of feeling, bitter irony of fate, when the groat, grim waves— whioh had seemed like living monsters hurrying down upon them with malignant fury to tear and to devour —when the ftwful sea began to roar with a lessor voico, and the thunder of tho battering rams had a uullor sound, ,and the bows of the yaoht no longer plunged Btraight down into the leadon colored pit ; no longer olimbed those inky ridges with such blind impetus, as of a cookie shell in a whirlpool. Bitter sonso of loss and dismay wlion the grey, cold dawn lightod a quieter sea, and she heard the captain telling Lostwithiol that they had seen tho worst of the storm, and that there was no fear now. He waB going to put on more oonvnB; and hadn't the lady better go below, where it was warm. She needn't fool anyway nervous now. Thoy would soon be in the roadstead off Arcaohon. She had not felt tho chill change from night to morniug. She had not folt the surf that' drenched her loose, entangled hair. She hardly knew' when or how Lostwithiei had wrapped her in his fur lined coat ; but she found that sho was so enveloped presently wlion she stumbled and staggered down to the cabin, and flung her self faop downward upon the sofa, .in a paroxysm of impotent despair. Death would have delivered her. ' The tempest waa her friend. But the tempest had passed her by, and left her lying there iike a weed, more worthless than any weed that evor the sea oast up to rot upon the barren rooks. Yes, she was ; left there ; left in a lifo that ein had blighted,' loathsome to horself, hateful to her God. " She' looked herself, in the aabin, wliilo the hurrying footsteps 'overhead ' told her that Lost withiei was working, with the sailors. An hour later, 'and he was at tho cabin door, pleading for ono kind word, entreating ber to let him Bee her, woroit only for a few moments, . to know that she was hot htterly broken down by tho peril she bad passed through. Ho pleaded in vain, . Sho would givo no answer— she would speak no, word! .Indeed, in that dull agony of sbame and' despair it seemed to hor as if a dumb dovil had 'entered into her. ; Her parched lips seemed to have lost'thc power of speooii. She ley there, .staring straight . before her at all tbo swinging things .on the oeilar panel— tho books and photographs — and: 'lamps and; frivolities swayingand vibrating with every' movement of 'the sea. - Her hands waro clcnohcd until , the hails cut into the flesh ; hor heart was throbbing with dull, slow 'beats 'that made themselves tortiiringly audible. Did God create his oroaturcs 'for such agony ? Had! Bhev been, .foredoomed everlastingly, : in that awfiil incomprehensible Eternity that goes before f birth— condemned before she was; born to ,thiB' degrading .fall; to, this unuttorablo.shame ? : !' 1 ; Hours went by; sheknew not how. Again and again lie oamo to her' door,. and' talked and ontreated— heaven' knows how tenderly; with what deep contrition, with what fond pleading for pardon, But the dumb devil held ner still. 'Slio. wrapped herself in- a', sullen despair— not anger, for anger is active!' ' Hers was, only, a 'supine resistance.' '' ' . ' ; At'last- alio heard him conio with ono of the sailors;- and slid ' could mako out from their whispering talk that tliey ' were going to force open the door; Then sho started up in ft kind of furyi': and'; went and -flung' horself against the dainty cedar. panels. r . . ' " If you don't' leave nje'alone in my misery I will kill myself," she cried. The .long "niglit. was over ; and the sun was high. It seemed as if they were sailing over a summer sea, and' through tho Bcnttlo port sho saw a little "town, nestling under pino olad ihills. 1 !- hi." i . . . ;- ; She woke from brief and'trbublcd slumbers to sbe this strange and lovely- shore, and at first she Ifanoied' llidy must have sailb'd back to Cornwall, and that tins was 80)ne unknown bay upon' tliat rook boulid ooast, but the Eiippliire soa and the Buinmer like sunshine' suggested a fairer qlime than ruggod Britain. ! < : v AVhilo she wps, looking: out at- tho orescent shaped bay; and the long line of whito vilioe, the anohor was being lowered.''' Tho oca was almost as smooth aB 'a..lalce|'< And those tranquil watcrs hod . the color and thou sheen of sepphire and emerald. She thought of tho jasper sea— the sea 'of the Apooalypseii'the tideless sea beside that .land of' the. Now; Jerusalem, whore there are no more tears, where , there oan bo no more sin, a oity'of ransomed souls, redeemed from all earth's iniquity. ; I . : ... ' A boat ; was . being lowered, one nearo vno .sbroop'. of the ropeiagainst tho hull ;: she hoard footsteps ontho accommodation Inddor, and then !the';dip fof oars,.and presently tho boat passod botweon hor and tho sunlit waters, and sho.'saw -Lostwithiol sitting in the Btcrn'. with the rudder lines in his hand, while two sailors were ibbnding 'to. their oars, .with wind blown-hair and cheery, erailing faces,! broad and rod in tho gay morning sunshine. .! - b He wao gone,, and iaho breathed nioro freely. There was a sensQuof momentary release in his absenae ; and for the first time Bhe looked round the cabin',' where' beautiful and luxurious things lay, thrown hero and thore in huddled masaos of brilliant color. A-.Japancso serein,' a master- piece Of gold -, and rainbow embroidery on a sea 'green groundi flung against tho panelling at one -end— obaire, vases, wiokerwork tables overturned ; — Persian: curtains -wrenched from their fasten- iogs and hanging awry— satin pillows that had drifted into aheap in one corner — signs of havoo everywhere. She stood in the midet of oil this ruin, and looked at her own reflection in a long Vcnotian gloss fastened to the panelling, almost the only objeet that had held its place through the storm. Her own reflection ! Was that really herself, that ghastly image whioh tlio glass gave hack to her? The reflection of a woman with 1 livid cheeks and blanehed lips, with swollen oyelida and dark rings of purple round the haggard oyes, and hair rough and taiiglcd as Medusa's lockB, and bare shoulders from whioh tho stained satin bodice had slipped away. Her wedding gown 1 Could that' defiled garment — the long, folds of the ; onoo shining, satin draggled and be fouled with tho tar . of the ropeB heavy and dripping with sen water— could these tawdry rags be "the' wedding gown she had put on in Iter proud and happy innooenco in tbo old bedroom at Dinan, with mother, and servants, and a useful friend or two helping and hin dering ? , : Oil, if thoy could see her now, those old friends of her unclouded childhood, the mother and father who had loved and trusted her, who had never hinted at ovil in bor hearing, hull never thought that sin oould como near her.' And. she had fallen like tho lowest of womankind. She had forfeited her plaoo among tile virtuous and happy for ever. She, Martin jGistlcy's' wife ! That gooa man, iriui brave soldier who had fought for Queeil and country — it waB Afs wife who stood there in hor shame,. haggard aud dis- hovolled, Sho flung her arms above her hoad, nnd wrung hor hands in a paroxysm of despair. Then, with a little ery, she.plucked at the loose wild tresses as if she would have torn them from her head ; and then she threw herself upon the cabin floor in hor agony; anil grovelled there, a creature to whom death would havo been a moreiful release. ... . , "If I could die, '.if I oould but die, and no one know," she moaned. . She lifted horself up again upon her knees, and with one hand upon the floor looked round the walls of the cabin— looked among ail that glittering array of yhatagans and barbaric shields, damascened steel and jewelled hilts, for some practicable instrument with wiiioh she might tako ber hated life. And then came the thought of what must follow death, not for her in the dim incomprehensible oternitv. but for those who loved her on earth, for those who would have to lie told how sho had been fouud, in her draggled wedding gown, stabbed by her own hand, on board Lord Lostwithiel's yacht. "What a story of shame and orime for picturesque reporters to embellish, end for scandal lovers to gloat over ! No 1 She dared not kill herself here. She must colleet her senses, escape from her seducer, and hide tho story of her dishonor. Sho took off hor gown, and rolled train and bodice into a bundle as small as she could make them. Then she looked about tho cabin for some object with which to weight her bundle. Yes, that would do. A little brass dog that was used to steady the open door. That was heavy enough perhaps. She put it into tho middle of her bundle, tied a ribbon tightly round the whole, and then she opened the souttlo port and dropped her wedding garment into the sea. Tlio keen winter wind, the wind from pine olad hills and distaut snow mountains, blew in upon her bare neck and chilled her to tho bone ; but it helped to cool the fever of her mind, ' aud sho sat down.and leant her bead upon her clasped hands, and tried to think what she must do to escape from the toils in which guilty love hud caught her. ! She must escape from the yacht. She muBt go back to England — somehow. She thought that if Bhe were to appeal to Lostwithiel's honor soma spark of better feeling would prevail over the madness which had de- stroyed her, and he would let her go; bo would take her baok to Eugland, and facilitate her seoret return to the home Bhe had dishonored. But could she trust herself to make that appeal? Gould she stand fast against his pleading, if he implored iter to stay with him, to live tho life that he had planned for ber, the life, that he painted so eloquently, the dreamy, beautiful life in earth's mist pootic places,' the life of lave in idleness? Gould she resist him if be should plead— it might bo with tears — he, whom Bhe adored, her destroyer and her divinity ? No, Bhe must leave the yaoht before he came baok to it. But how.? There were only men on board. There was no woman to whose compassion she could appeal, no woman to lend her clothes to cover her. She saw herself once again in the Venetian glass, in hor long trained petticoat of muslin and loco, so daintily fresh' when sho dressed for the ball- muslin and lace soddened by the sea, torn to Bhreds where bor feet had caught in the delicate flounoos nB she stumbled down tlio companion during last night's storm. A fitting costume in which to travel from , Arcaohon . to .London, verily I , 1 Sho oponed a door leading to an inner cabin, which contained bed and bath, and all toilet appliances. Hanging against tile wall there were three dressing gowns,, the lightest and least masculine of tbo three being a robe of Indian camel's hair, embroidered with dull brown silk — a neutral tinted shapeless garment with loose sleeves and a girdle. Here, within lacked doors, she made her hurried toilet, with muoh eold water. She brushed' her long ragged hair with one of tho humblest of the. brushes.. Sho would, not take so muoh as u few drops from the great crystal bottle of eau-de-Cologae whioh was held in a silver frame, suspended from tho eoiling. Nothing of this would she touch, nothing be longing to tbo man. who wanted to pour his for tune into her lap, to make his life her life, his estate her estate, his name her name, oould sho but Btirvive the ordeal of tho Divorce Court and free herself from old tics. .... She rollod her hair in a largo coll at the baok of- hor head. Sho put on the oamel'a hair dressing gown, and tied tho girdle ronnd her longi slim waist, and having done this she looked altogether a different ereatarc from that vision of haggard shame whioh sho bad aeon just now with loathing. - She bad a curious Puritan air in her sad colored' raiment and braided hair. : Soarcoly bad Bho finished when she heard the dip of oars, and, looking out in an agony of horror at tlio apprehension of Lostwithiel's re turn, she sawa boat laden with two big mil liner's baskets, and with a woman sitting in the stern. Tho men who wore rowing this boat were not of the orew of the Vendetta; She had not long to wonder; ; -She unlocked her door, and went into the adjoining cabin, while the boat came alongside, and' woman and baskets woro hauled upon the dcok. Thrco minutes afterwards the cabin boy knooked' at tlio door, and told her that there was a person from Arcaohon to see' hor, a dress maker with things that had been ordered far hor. - She unlookod tho door, for the first time sinoe slio looked it last night, aiid found hereelf faoo to face with a smiling young person, whose blaok eyes and olive complexion wero-warm with the glow of tho south, golden in the. eyos, carna tion onthe plump ovaloheoke. \- This young person had the honor to bring- the trousseau whioh monsieur had sent for madamo'a inspection. Moiisiour had' told her how sadly inconvenienced madame had been by the eeai- (lent by. wliioh all -hor luggage had been- left upon the quay at tho moment of sailing. In truth it must have been distressing for madame, as ft had evidently beau distressing for monsieur in his profound sympathy with madame, his ' wife. In tho meantime eho, tho young person, - ' had complied with monsiour's orders, and had - brought all that thore was of the best and most Parisian for madame's graoioue inspec tion. Tho cabin boy brought in the two baskets, which the milliner opened with an air, taking ' out the delicate lingerie, tho soft silk and softer, cashmere— peignoirs, frilled . pottiooats, a flnff ; nnd flutter of creamy lace and pale satin ribbons,', transforming simplest garments into things of ' beanty. She Bpread out her wares, ohattering ! all the while, and then looked at madame for " approval. , Isola soareely glanced at all the. finery. Sho ' polntedtotho only plain walking gown among all the delicate prettinesees, tlie silk aiid cash mere and laca— a grey tweed tailor gown, with : no . adornment except a little narrow black 1 braid. "I will keep that," she said, "and one set. of ! under linen, the plainest.'' You can take all tho rest of tbo things baok to your shop, Pleasq help mo io dross as quiokly as you cab— I want ' to go on shore in tho boat that carries you. baok." . , . . "But, madame, monsieur insisted that I , ehould bring a complete trousseau. He wished' madame to supply herself with all things need ful for a long oruise in the south." Xij "Ho was mistakon. My luggage is safo enough. . I shall have it again in a few days. I only want olothes to wear for a day or two. Kindly do what I ask." .' . „ Her tone was so authoritative that the milliner complied, roluotantly, and murmuring " persuasive little speeehee while she assisted madame to dress. All that sho had brought ' were of the most now— expressly orrived from . Paris, from ono of tho most distinguished establishments in the Rue do la Paix. FashionB eliange so quickly — and tho present fashion waa so enchanting, so original. She must be pardoned if she suggested that nothing in madamo's wardrobe could be so new or so elegant ob these last triumphs of an artistio faiseur. Madamo took no heed of her eloquenee, but hurried through the simple toilet, insisted upon . all the finery being replaced in the two baskets. and then went upon deok with tho milliner. "I am going on shore to his lordship," she ' said, with quiet authority, to the captain. It was a deliberate lio — the first she had told, but not the last she would have to . tell. Sho landed on the beaoh at Arcaohon — penni- . less, but with a diamond ring on ber wedding finger— her engagement ring— whioh sho know, by a careless admission of Martin Disney's, to have cost £50. She left the milliner, and went ' into the little town, dreading to meet Lost-' ' withiel at every step. She found a complacent - jeweller who waa willing to advance 25 NapoleonB upon tho ring, and who promised to , return it to her on receipt of that sum, with a ' bagatelle of 20 f. for interest, since Madame would redeem it almost immediately. - ' Furnished with this money, sho drove straight - to tho station, aud waited there in the most obscure ooruer sho could find till the first train left for Bordeaux. At Bordeaux, she had a long timo to wait, still in hiding, before the express left for Paris— and then eame the long, lonely journey — from Bordeaux to Paris — from Paris to London — from London to Trelasco— it seemed an endless pilgrimage, a nightmare dream of ' dark night and wintry day, mado hidoous by the -. ceaseless throb of tho engine, tho perpetual odour of sulphur and smoke. Slio reached Tre lasco somehow, and sank exhausted in Tabitlia'a arms. "What day is it ?" sho asked faintly, looking . . ronnd the familiar room as if she had never seen it before. " Thursday, ma'am. You havo boon away ' over a week," the old Bcrvant answered . coldly. It was only the next day that Tabitha told her ; mistress she must leave her. " ' "Thereis.no need to talk about what has ' happened," she said. " I bavokept your secret.,'/ I have lot no one know that you were away. I packed Susan off for a holiday the morniug after-., the ball. I don't believe any one knows any-/, thing about you — unless you were seen yesterday " on your way home." Then came Btorn words of renunciation, a . good woman's protest against ein. (to be concluded.) 