r ? I I I -- -1-.- . PLEASING REFLECTIONS. Sm GEOBGE ^-©IBBIS recently devoted, a con- siderable time to giving a . newspaper inter r~ view for the purpose THE DIBBS-HUTTON of explaining that his EMBBOMJO. relations with Major \- . Gen eral Hutton are not . strained. The interview is, fortunately, either through the discretion of whoever reported it j or the temporary self : restraint bf the Premier, free from strong language, and so there is not the same objection to referring to it that occasionally exists in regard to some of the utterances of the head of the government. Despite Sir George not having apparently spoken in Signorina D'A» go in the Turquoise Ballet. terms too violent for publication, what lie said is a peculiar revelation'as to his eccentri- cities. He has become totally incapable of transacting business without insulting some- one. If he refuses to speak with a caller he , does so in words worthy of an excited costermonger. If he sees a caller he does so for the purpose of abusing a third person. For instance, in explaining that there was no strain between him and the commandant of the forces, he went out of ltis way to make all the insulting re- marks he could concerning the com- mandant, who is one of the principal executive officers, and the one, by the nature of his duties, the most entitled to confiden- tial treatment. Said the autocratic knight : I have dealt with the military estimates in common with others. If any exception is taken to my action in this respect, that exception must not be taken by a subordinate. No subordinate in this office has a right to find fault with the way the estimates of my department are treated by me. ... If it should turn out that the Major-General has been saying too much to the press it may end in my forbidding him to communicate with the press at all, except through his* office. Major-General Hutton, of course, knows that discipline must be the first duty of a soldier. The War Department in England would not allow any discourtesy to a Minister. . .. . Major General Hutton has come here with a lot of strong Imperial opinions, and he has to ; learn that the things in the colony have to be done in a far different style. I think he is a good soldier, but he writes and talks too much. He means well ; he is a smart officer, but he has much to learn in regard to his o ficial duties. So much for Sir George. He of course has a perfect right to reprove tho comman- dant, or any other official, for anything that he may imagine to be amiss. But to tattle about him to a third person, to sum him up and pass judgment upon him behind his back with the full knowledge that that judgment will be published, shows an ignorance of all fair play and decent behaviour. To forbid a *. man thus treated through the press to himself communicate with the press would be flagrantly unjust. As for what Sir George Dibbs says about the British War Office no analogy can be drawn between his way of conducting business and that of any War Minister of modern times. Of course, tho War Depart- ment would not allow any discourtesy to a Minister, but respectfully expressed criticism has been for long permitted, notoriously in the cases of X<ord Roberts and .' Lord Wolseley. There may be a presumption that an officer, would not be guilty ' of dis- courtesy to a minister, but this rests upon an equally strong presumption that a minister will not ; be a boor seeking political capi- tal by abusing an officer through the press.. Such conduct is as unexampled as' for the. supposed * head of a majority to declare, as did Sir George that the House will do anything, to catch votes, or to refer to his parliamentary colleagues as thieves, penitent or impenitent. If the Premier, however, were brutal in his manners on all occasions and to all men alike he would be more excus- able than he is. His conduct might be taken for a constitutional infirmity. As it is, his bullying of people not in a posit tion to immediately reply is brought into relief by the amiable terms upon which he can get on with bank managers. ?.---*--- \ THE Lord Chamberlain has ordered the suppression of a character which was to be introduced in a THE UNSPEAKABLE piece by the London TURK. Gaiety Burlesque Company, but against which the Turkish Ambassador in London had protested. Ile considered it a travesty on the Sultan and his harem. When it is known that the title of the piece was "Don Juan," and when it is conjectured as eminently prob- able' that it dealt with the " Don Juan " of Byron, and not with the hero of Molière'» play and Mozart's more famous opera, it must appear Highly probable indeed that, at least from the Turkish point of view, unseemly sport was only too likely to be made of thè domestic relations of the modern representative of the Commander of tho Faithful. \ It will be remembered that a few \ years ago in Paris a similar protest was lodged by the accred- ited Minister of the Sublime Porte. It was against the introduction in some opera or play of the great prophet and founder of Islamism. The pro- test was duly attended to by the French Government. Fairly considered, it was no unreasonable one. If in Constan- tinople, say, a company of buffoons were to travesty the character of the founder of Christianity, it is very possible indeed that the representatives of the Christian powers would give a pretty strong hint for the' discontinuance of such an exhibition. "With respect, however, to the introduction of the figure of Mahomet on the European stage, it is, of course, as is well known, not a thing , of yesterday. It was about the middle of the last century that Voltaire wrote his tragedy of " Mahomet," in which the hero was de- picted as simply a. conscious impostor* The¿S¡TiïT?^ Ca8í'e in the Air, a proposed cevice to be exhibited at the forthcoming Antwerp International Exhibition. In that sanie tragedy the author, althoifgh, with hypocritical adroitness« he had managed to obtain permission to dedicate it to the Pope, contrived to suggest the usual Voltairian moral-that was that the founders of all religions were, as far as divine warrant was concerned, pretty much on a footing with the Prophet-of Mecca. LOBKNGULA'S general is said to have hanged himself through chagrin at hi* defeat. This settling of his earthly ac A MOHTIFUÎD count in the " high Roman GENJcitAL. fashion," though with some difference as to the exact method,-will recall the taking off yb their own hands of many other vanquished heroes, including not a few more civilised ones than the leader of the Matabele host. One of tlie best remembered of such cases in modern times is of course that of Villeneuve, Admiral of the combined French and Spanish fleets at Trafalgar. As is well known, he committed suicide, as it is supposed, through rage an«d shame at having to answer to Napoleon for the loss of the " last French fleet." . Of the heroes who, in certain extremities, meant to make their quietus in the speediest manner, but fol' whom happy chance averted stich a fate, the list is not a short one» An illustrious instance was that of Frederick the Great of Prussiai Frederick, as" is well known too, had determined that if matters came to the worst with him during the Seven Years' War he would poison himself. That passage is a familiar one in which a celebrated English writer has, with curious antithesis, described the King as going round with " a quire of bad verses in one pocket and a bottle of corrosive subli- mate in the other." A much more modern instance of the kind, and also from Prussian history, is furnished by the career of Bis- marck. It is said, and with much apparent probability, that if that great battle in which theefficiency of the re- organised Prussian army was for the first time fairly tested had gone against his countrymen, he had made tip his mind, to die .by his own hand, if he escaped that of the enemy. , Had Sadowa indeed been an Austria n victory in- stead of a Prussian one, Bismarck's committing suicide would probably have only saved, the 'executioner a job. He would have been impeached as the destroy or. of his country. 'Another name, as many are well aware, which must be added to the number of those who narrowly missed suicide is that of the Great Napoleon. According ; to sonic accounts the Emperor, during the cam .paigiï of' 1814, imitating the .i example bf Frederick, constantly had poison in his .possession. . Whether' this bo true or not, it seems pretty certain that-on the eve of. the Abdication of Fontainbleau the Em- peror swallowed poison, but that, through taking an overdose,' his purpose was (Jt feated. If the same legend is to be credited, the fatalistic ideas of Napoleon pre- vented a repetition of the experiment. He concluded, it must be written, that'he was not to perish in that way. Marc Antony, it will be recalled, when about to consiga himself to the shades, speculated as to how his presence and that of Egypt's Queea Mdlle. Catherine Barth o in the Study in Blue.; would " make the ghosts glad." As for tho luckless African general! who has just speeded himself thither, what with departed warriors who erstwhile have been either actual or potential suicides, there should, at any rate, be ghosts enough to keep his in countenance. THE difficulty between the Moors and the Srnininrds is said to be growing more serious, and the- Spaniards have THE MOROCCO expelled; the Jews from DJEEicuLTY. Melilla as suspected spies. This is a-rather curious in- stance of history repeating' itself, and shows how easily ancient prejudices may be revived \ under conditions in any, way similar to f those which originally ' produced thom, j The expulsion of the Jews from Spain, some f centuries ago, has been attributed as much I: to political motives as to \religious hatred. ! The Jews in the long struggle of the | Spaniards with, the Moorish occupants of jj tho Peninsula, were much more in sympathy I with the soldiers who fought under i tlie Crescent than of those: who championed the Cross. Small blame ; to them either, for while at best they wei^ barely tolerated b}>- the Christians, they enjoyed many privi- leges under the comparatively liberal " Mussulmans of the West." Anyhow, it was at one period not altogether improbable that the JOAVS and Moors would become tho absolute masters of Spain, j Such facts par- tially explain, though of ¿ourse they do not [ j excuse, the bitterly proscriptive .spirit which \ j the Spaniards exhibited towards the Jews, va. | common with the remnant of the vanquished. Moors, long after the national cause had j ceased to be seriously menaced from either quarter. Enlightened Spaniards in modern days have admitted that Spain's treatment of the Jews was a national crime. When the Russians, some tenor twelve years since,' begun that series of Jewish persecutions I which intennittinglyhas lasted to the present 1 hour, the late King Alfonso gave the Jewish fl refugees an invitation to! settle in Spam.B Ile hoped that the Spaniards might thus faefl able to partially atone for the sins of theirH fathers in respect of the ancient race. OWH memories of things evil or good, even ^vnc"H trilling circumstances awaken them are, how-IB ever, very apt to provo too strong for cithara modern sentiment or modern philosophy. In Five hundred tons of sulphur belched intjH tlie atmosphere of London every 24 horns J And yet the parsons in Ü .«? i.,,>nuon pulni^H speak of holl.as a place t ' '"' v ^ed, ? 