HEADING IN BED, The Globe begins an article with the words " Of course we are all agreed that reading in bed is pernicious" My dear old Globe (comments Dr. Gordon Stables), we are nothing of the sort. By the crimson hood of my toga, no. If my opinion is worth a penny piece, then yoa shall have it, and, to use a somewhat common- phrase, I have the courage of my convictions. I am turned 50. I have read' in railway carriages, read on the sofa, and-read in-bed all my life; I read myself to sleep,or nearly to sleep, every night. Yet my eyesight is splendid. I can read the" smallest type without spectacles by the light of the moon or a prisoner's dip. My constitution: has not been shattered, and' I assure you I hsive never been burned to' death in bed. Why should youbp burned to death in bed, I wonder? "Wtat nonsense. Your candle is on a table by yoiirbedside. If vou do drop off, and the candle does burn itself out, what is the harm ? Oh, dear, oh, dear what a lot of old wives there are in the world! But the truth is, that unless a man is a navvy, a tiller of the soil, or toiler of the deep, and can drop off .as soon as his head touches the pillow, it is good for his brain health to read in bed. If there is the ghost of a chance of liis beginning to think after lying down, the book or magazine must at once be had recourse to. This keeps the mind on an even keel till the waves of sleep begin to waft the soul to dreamland. Let him, just before this, put out the candle and a good night's rest will be his guerdor. To think in bed is self-murder; to read in bed is life. In this advice lie sense and science combined. Equestriennes.-You are politely advised to see that your saddle is made on a 'Federal" cut back tree, the latest im provement. Look for brand Federal or Horse Head on Saddle. 608TC A lady writes to know if anything can be done to remove hair permanently. Yes. If it be your husband, let him go to a leg show regularly. Little Miss Freckles: 'I made ugly faces at your stuck-up sister the other day, but I guess she didn't see me/ Little Johnny: ' Yes, she did; but she thought they was natural.' * I live in Julia's eyes,' said an affected dandy in Colman's hearing. 'I do1 not wonder at it since I observed she had a sty in them when I saw her last/ replied George. The troublesome twins.-"Why do > you call your twins, circumstances, Jawkins ?' * Because, my dear boy, they are something over which I have no control.' . Miss Smiiey is going to travel under an assumed name.' ' You surprise me." * Yes; she is going to be married next week and start on her honeymoon.' An indignant orator at a recent political meeting, in refuting an opponent, thundered, ' Mr. Chairman, I scorn the allegation, and I defy the alligator. 'Ah,' said jehokus, taking his friend's baby, ' be has got his mother's eyes- and my hair,' he added, as the infant' grabbed him by the foretop. Quite a success.-' Was the charity ball a success ?' ' Ob, my yes. Our deficit was only .£15, and the charity society will have to pay it.' Four French sportsmen fired simultane ously at a rabbit, but it escaped; then they asked altogether, ' I wonder who missed that time ?' HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-. Much watchfulness must be exercised at the present time, and the earliest evidences of ill health must be immediately checked, or a slight illness may result in a serious malady. Relaxed and sore throat, diph theria, quinsey, coughs, chronic cough, affections will be relieved by rubbing this cooling Ointment into the skin as near as practicable to the seat of mischief. This treatment, so simple and effective, is admirably adapted for the removal of these diseases during infancy and youth. Old asthmatic invalids will derive marvellous relief from the use of Holloway's remedies, which have brought round many ruch sufferers and re-established be;ilth after every other means had signally failed. The Horton Washer is the comfort of thousands of homes in South Australia. Take no other. Agents in every town. J. C. GENDERS & Co., Grenfell-street Agents. 607n, 