On the Wav to Jerusalem. St, Paul, as we learn from the open ing of to-day's lesson, was now going to Jerusalem. His purpose was to be present in the sacred city for the great feast of Pentecost. Although Christians were free from the Jewish ceremonial law, they had not altogether broken away from that ancient Church. More over, the festival had been consecrated by the desent of the Holy Ghost, and now took its place as a Christian feast. St. Paul was in a hurry to reach Jerusalem in time. Verse 16 tells us that ' he hasted.' This was the reason for his not going to Ephesus. He came, however, to Miletus. Whilst here, St. Paul wished to see his old friends who lived at Ephesus. He had no' time to take the journey, and, therefore, he sent for the elders to come to him at Miletus. Those sent for were the ' elders.' These were the 4' presbyters,' who had charge of the Church at Ephesus. In verse 28, these same men are called 'overseers,' that is, 'bishops.' In the Revised Version the word is trans lated 'bishops.' If, then, the same men were at the same time both ' pres byters' and ' bishops,'' it is evident that the offices so indicated are one and the same. The identity of the two may also be established from Bhil. i. 1, in which 'bishops' and ' deacons ' are mentioned, presbyters not being named, the inference being that they were one with the bishops. The same may be established from 1 Pet v. 1/2, where presbyters are exhorted to fulfil episcopal duties. The Address to the Ephesian Elders. The first part of St. Paul's charge to the Ephesian bishops does not come within the scope of the lesson. It refers to St. Paul's own sufferings and work in the past. We begin with his reference to his future (v. 22). He stated' that lie is going to Jeru salem, ' bound in the spirit.' That is, there was some spiritual impulse and . inclination which would not permit him ! to take any other course. St. Paul lived much in communion with G-od, and again and again he received direct intimations of the Divine will. Such communications might well make him regardless of the consequences of those actions don3 in obedience to the voice from above. The future was dark to | him. Trouble, however, was prophesied for him by the good men in every city which he visited. Such friends appear to have told him that in going to Jeru salem he was putting his liberty into danger. This, probably, is the meaning of verse 23, — the Holy Gt-host testified ! by the words of good men. See chapter xxi. 11, where we read of a prophet named Agabus declaring, by the Holy Ghost, that Paul should be a prisoner in Jerusalem. Notwithstanding a prospect so dark, the great Apostle obeyed the Divine call, and walked in the path of duty. The following verses (25-27) are very pathetic. 'We can hear his voice trembling with emotion as he declares that he shall never again look upon his loved friends of Ephesus. In this fear the Apostle, it seems, was mistaken. A careful comparison of certain passages in the Epistles to Philemon and Timothy will establish the fact that he re-visited these parts, and that, most probably, he went again to the city of Epl esus itself. Verse 27 would indicate that the faithful preaching of the full Gospel was not always easy to the Apostle. There were prejudices, corruption, superstition to be fought against. The gospel was a stumbling- block to the Jew, and to the Greek it was childish foolishness. Yet he had not shunned to declare all the couns el of God. : The remaining part of the address consisted principally of exhortation. They were to take heed, first of all to themselves. Those who occupy in fluential positions must begin with their own hearts. Then were they to tend the flock; Note the expr ssion, ' the church of God, which He hath pur chased with His own blood,' — a proof of the Apnstle'3 faith in the true divinity of Jesus Christ, that He was really God as well as man. The Apostle warned them of the trials through which their faith would have to pass Some would come from outside, and false teachers would arise. Some would come from within, from faithless brethren. They were to be on the alert, .to ' watch.' Note next Paul's touching commend ation or them to God. Then the final reference to himself. In point of dis interestedness he was an example. In no vainglorious spirit did he point to his life of work and self-denial. He never thought of himself as apart from Christ. Now he concludes by remind ing them of the words of the Lord Jesus. How thankful we' should be that such words have been preserved for us. 