INSIDE NEWGATE. BY -TATvres GREENWOOD, THE AilfcTEUii. CASUAL. Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Ragamullin," " Dick Temple," Almost Lost," "Reuben Davicbror." " Humphrey Di-ob," " Wilds of London," " In Strange Company," ' Unsentimental Journeys." " Low Life Deeps," " Silas the" Conjuror,' " Jerry Jacksmibh, of Lower London," "Tag, Rag, and Co.," " Fair Phyllis qfLa vender Wharf," &c.;, Sc. -"FfHE gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as W a place of safe keeping for evil doors on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was the lion of its kind in the old times ; bub of late years it is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of tameness that in Captain Macheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kentiel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil as a well- bred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experi enced warder, and by way possibly of mak ing known to me tho fact that if I had gained admittance under false pretences and with sinister intentions I should find that I had made a serious mistake, he led the way to an apartment and opened' a "cupboard, where the fetters were kept — a bright shin ing row of the modern pattern, with a few examples of the ancient " darbies," such as, I suppose, were used at a time when the art of breaking out as well as getting into New- i gate was a branch of the " professional's " education — monstrous tilings, some of them — and he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and tho leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hammer with which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several other interesting relics of the good old lime. The irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners were in course of removal from one prison to another. I came on many other things that used to bo the pride and glory of Newgate, but which had been abandoned since the renowned criminal stronghold had mended its manners. I saw, too, the black hole — half-a-dozen black holes indeed — but no ono is ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete — the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the left and to the right there are spaces in which the criminal congregation is accommodated, railed off from tho rest of tiie sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout enough to secure the most ferocious creatures of prey ever exhibited at a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood tliat he sat in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. But he now participates in the sermon in common with tlie rest, and is never specially preached at. But if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for its terrible associations and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and lain on that bedstead, .counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is nothing dreadfui'about the condemned cell. It isaboutthesizeofan ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well- lighted. There is a little shelf, on which repose tho dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and his Bible, unnecessarily branded " Newgate " on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and theso last-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as the floor boards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is white, and the walls. There is many a cell in which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is nu fireplace, and the gas jet burns ina little wire cage, presum ably to prevent fran tic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether the coudemned, as a rule, gave much trouble; the warder- answered unhesitatingly, " No ! There were excep tions, of course ; but generally, after they got over the first fright, they settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last," which is evidence that it is in human nature to dread death itself less than tho torture of the " cat." It is in the experi ence of every prison official I ever talked with on tho subject that a ruffian, being uncertain as to the morning when he is to have, as he himself would say, "claws for breakfast," is in the habit of lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful day. But there is one feature of Newgate's interior, a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of tho man who sets eyes on it, long after all else connected with the grim prison is forgotten — the murderers' burying- ground. When one reads that " the body of the malefactor was the same afternoon buried within the precincts of the gaol," the natural inference is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the chapel very likely, set apart for tho interment of those who are sacrificed to the law's just vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head er footstone, there is a registry kept, by which the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by no means the system adopted. The guide, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, rougli-liewn walls, whicli are adorned with whitewash. They alley is, perhaps, five-' and-1 waty yards long, and not so wide but that two men joining hands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. "This," remarks the civil warder, "is where wo bury 'em," and you naturally con clude that he alludes to a space beyond the gate, and tliat he is about to traverse the alley, and open it. Instead of this, barely has he stepped over the threshold than he points to the letter " S," dimly visible on the wall's surface. " And," says he, " Slit- wizen, who was hanged for murdering his wife and burning her body," and before your breath, suspended by the startling announcement, is restored to you, he lays his forefinger on another letter a few inches off. "Ketchcalf, who cub the throat of his fellow- servant ; Brambleby, who split his father's skull with a garden spade ; Greenacre, who mur dered Hannah Brown and afterwards cut up her body," and so as he keeps shift- in"-, barely a foot at a time along the whitened wall, he goes on adding to the horrible list, while tho ghastly fact dawns on you that every letter denotes a body cub down from the gallows, and that the pave ment you are walking on is bedded in the remains of who shall say how many male and female murderers ? We are compara tively moderate in modern times in the use of the hempen cord as a remedy against man-slaying, but it was only a generation back, when business was exceedingly brisk in that line; a hanging was looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday almost as much as a matter of course as the cattle-market in Smithfield on a Friday. Then, as now, the dreadful little lane between the high walls was the only place of sepulchre for those who passed out to death through the Debtor's door. The very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly forced up by unskilled bands that a hole may be dug for the reception of the poor coffined ' wretches who wear quicklime for a shroud. There is nob a whole paving-stone in (be t ngth of the alley, and they are patched id cobbled and mended with dabs nortar in the most unhandsome way. "A very large numbor must liavo bev bttried here at one time and ; anotliei," I remarked. " Bless you, yes, sir," replie the Newgate warder of long service, " yo- can't half see the letters. - T'iiey need to_ be- all over the other wall as well, but, being whitened every year, the letters at last- got filled up." It was nob a pleasant idea, and I belie vo that the cracked and unstnble condition of the paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind as I scanned the walls and: made out scores and scores of ancient letters, -showing ghost-like through; the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous- crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied could all in a moment be recalled to life. The narrow alley would nob hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that he would be striking for extra pay. 