A Five Hundred Dollar Ghost. Before the construction of Cuban rail roads, the journey from Santiago to Man canille, over the passes of the Sierra Blaestra, was made in diligences-first cousins to the lumbering vehicles that still carry summer loads of tourists from gay Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo, and the bones of the unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in one for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autumn day, somewhere back in the sixties, the American mail had landed its contingent of letters and traders at Santiago do Cuba, and toward evening one of the bulgy and dusty conveyances mentioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the Hotel do Cortez, loaded up with passengers and post packets for the interior. It was a stormy sundown. On the face of the round globe there is not a more over-estimated stretch of water than the Carribean Sea, nor a greater delusion than that universally entertained by persons who have had no dealings with it as it is always smooth sailing there. It is Bay of Biscay and British Channe' combined, and the .wildest gale in their waters is a summer breeze compared with Carribean tornado. Such an elemental pastime was rising outside Santiago har bour on this evening, and our diligence, with its peaked and tassel-hatted driver screaming to his team of mules, its dozen inside passengers pac?ted like sardines in a tin, and its majoral (conductor) swinging precariously, with dangled legs, in the: leathern luggage cover, was' followed up the steep and pebbly streets of Santiago and far along the defiles of the Sierra Maestro by the thundering swell of the Carribean Sea. It overpowered the cease less crack of the driver's whip and the music of multifarious mule bells; it drowned the conversational attempts, and deluged with white dust the twelve wretched "insides"; and it even closed the loquacious mouth of the majoral him self, a personage who, like our old post con ductors, was always stuck full of anecdotes and ready to empty a pleasant glass with anyone. Little by little, as the diligence wound up and up, and deeper and deeper into the heart of the mountain, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened by beating againsf wall after wall of limestone ; the roar sub sided slowly into fitful wails, and at hLst even these expired. The storm, succeeded calm-calm so profound as to be uncanny. The highest point of the pass wis nearly attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip, for the way wound along the edge of chasms where there was scarcely foothold for the mules. Out of these deeps issued from time to time the weirdest and most unearthly of solunls. A rude cross caught the light on its naked arms as the coach lumbered by, and the majoral, who was following on foot, as was his custom in steep and stony places, crossed himself piously. "An Am.cricanr: fell down the chasm here," he explained to a passenger whose curiosity was excited. "And his ghost haunts the spot, of course," subjoined a flippant fellow countryman of the deceased. "Every hair casts a shadow, senor," was the reply, unusually laconic for a majoral. Out of this episodic fragment of talk grew an animated conversation, with a sensational end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to howl, and dust to fly down open throats, the tongues of the twelve passengers began to wag, and by the time the dangerous point in the pass-also the highest point -was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mules, the insides, with their conductor precariously poised on the footboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens andrghostly.tokens and afritee?of the mountains.:. Thie.inkyjliie. of the clouds overhead, and the Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadfil celerity, predisposed the mind to dwell on images of mystery and terror. Martias, the majoral, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cuban, wittily superstitious and solemnly con ceited, had a well-padded story of rue or wonder for every.turn of the road. " At that angle we have just rounded," said he, " was found seven years ago at the season of the An/Iuncieata an abandoned cazs.r (postchaise), empty and blood-stained. None of the -entas (inns) of Santiago owned it; none knew how it came there. But the diligence making its next hi weekly of the Santa Felisa Pass journey, was met by two spectres-a man andl a woman-each with a bleeding wounud slit on the left breast. They rose out of the gorge-there where the mules plungcd -the brutes remember it to this day, my senors-and the male afrite thrust a knife into the breast of the female, then into his own breast, after which both vanished down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Then we knew there had been murder and suicide-thus much, but no more. For though diligent search was msade at the foot of the precipice, it was unavailing. The spectres returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's son iix all Cuba knew whence' they came or who they were. Thus things went on till next Anmuncia/a. Then came the Padre Vinez out of the Jesuit college at Havana, with four collegians, to make a sojourn in these mountains. What knowledge the lads should gather here-God and the learned padre alone wet. I plied with questions mine hostess of the vents where they lodged, but she laughed, and bade me mind the mules, and abshe would mind the geese. Well, the strange conceit whatever it was-that brought them up here bore fruit they looked for as little as we. Up among the peaks of these mountains, andt nowhere else in all the Antilles, there live----See ! senors, that inky spot overhead-Jesus! that cry only a woman in anguish andil a devil-bird can shriek like that! Damned souls are prisoned in their vulture bodies" (devil birds, like owls, only fly abroad at night), " lut only in the hours of dlarkness mnay they give utterance to their woe. 'lThe devil-birds live and breed among tihe high crags of the Sierra Maestra. We Cubans never shoot them. The world is evil enough without setting dainedl souls loose iil it. But a yousnlg Esould/ amolng the padre's Ipupils ranl the ri.,k. Oiie mlornilg lie brought backl to the ,cntst a dead devil-bird that lihe had killed in tihe nligit. Mline host was fior haviing it spriikled with holy water and buried in all haste; but Padre Vinez laughed, a thing which rarely happened to such a grave and reverendl scllor, and hlie andt the lads took the unhallowed bird oiitside and cut it open. San 1)oiingo i . what dI) they find amiong its entrails but a gollen ring, small in size, andi of fine workl:mau ahip, and with the tnse lf Zara graveln Iupos it! The nly?stery ,f thie Santt Felisa Pass was unravelled at lat. ..aulous Molis, the hlusbandl of the JIvl.i .\A tillian )Jt/,auur'e, did not take her away with him iil the American schlooner aftrc a'l. Ni, lie took her upi thie Sant:i l",lis:s ';. andi endled love nihd jcalous'y i;r himiielf and Iher with two ettrokec ,f the uIlkf, Zar's ring is storedl in tile lmuiimii ,i lavania. 1er bliy nhd (o] " l',S'iVt'il no blurial. Tlhey were ldevoured cl y devil birds, into whose bodies ilercllanlce their souls had already passed. lut the clergy. of Santiago-performed aiservce on the spot where the calesa was fouind. and sprinkled it and the gorge with holy water, since wihich- their spectres have troubledl the pass no more." This story, whicl Matias garnished with abundant exclamations and gestures, was received with grave and credulous interest by all the hearers save one. This was a young Georgian about five-and-twenty years of age. who gave himself out as traveller for a tobacco house in Baltimore. This young gentleman profess.l the greatest contempt for the entire category of supernatural appearances. "Serve that sort of cake to your Cuban niggers, majoral," said he. " It has not suited my stomach since I was a schoolboy." "Cosas de Espano " (it is a matter of breed) retorted Matias, grinning and shrugging his shoulders. But the young Yankee's fellow-travellers did not all take his con temptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the majoral's philosophic good humour. To have impressive narrations received with persistent mockery is a trial to the best tempered narr.ttors, implying as it does not only doubts of their candour, but a mean opinion of their intellectual capacity. One passenger in particular felt himself aggrieved by the Georgian's levity of tongue. This was a Mexcian of fifty or thereabout, solemn, cadaverous, and shorn faced, and looking like a Pampas cattle dealer in a prosperous way of business. His piercing ebon eyes, deep set under lov, projecting brows, imparted a hooded-fal con-like expression to his physiognomy This man had related the omen of a cold autd,. whici in his family preligured death liy touching tile shoulder of the doomsed one, and instanced the case of his young wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alou_ with hinm on the Pampas, and died a few hours after in his arms, without experiencing any pain or symptoms of ill ness. Several times during the narrative the young commercial had chuckled aloud, and he greeted the conclusion with shouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at him. " Young gentleman," said lie, "though you laugh so lightly at the ghostly aidventures of other,?, I make no doubt you would be the lirst to ouail and tremble if anything similar happcned to yourself." "Waal, htranger, if you mean I am a coward, you had better say so," retorted the Georgian, laughing louder and more offensively than before. "Loco (idiot). will you force me to prove your fblly to you ?" cried the older man, clutch - ing the shoulder of the commercial so hard with his claw-like fingers that he winced. " I declare to you that the sight of a ghost would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer crack." "I cale'lato it mlight, if it had your muscular claw, darn ye'" exclaimed the young Georgian, atngrily, wresting his arm from the other's painful grip. "Every dlem fool may have his opiiion, but lie mayn't choke it down other folks' throats, I reckon." In warlI latitudes, whenlc words run so high, an appeal to revolvers is imminent; and such an issue of the durcussion being nndesirabllo in a crowded diligence, tihe other ten travellers interfcredl in tihe interes-ts of peace. Thedispuc;l:i.ts showed themselves amenable to reason; each leanced back again in his corner, and the stilliness of the mouni?i:,in defile was broken only by the driver's professional oaths, ani the jingling hells of his .six blanked mules. The journey, now all down hill, proceeded raipidly, and shortly before mid night the lirst and longest stage on the tour to Mlanzanillo ended at a roadside wenltr, where supper was waiting for the travellers. Over their broiled turkey and sliced hams, fried in oil, and fresh roasted coffee-the perfume of which still filled the house- the twelve insides " grew gay and talkative. Gradually conversation worked round again to the subject of. the itieirfat'ui'al, indiisthe cheerful usecirity of the brightly lighted inn parlour the young commercial laughed still louder over his companion's stories than be had done in the mountain pass. The expression of the Mexican's face grew more and more significant. At last he stood up, and in a tone of sarcastic menace, said, " Young man, you defy me to prove what I said. luono, I accept. 1 am prepared to sulnluno from the dead any person you name. If you can, laugh in the face of the spectre. Po?nit,,e ? I will say no more." At this unexpected challenge the Yankeo seemed to waver, and his chal lenger laughed derisively. "Come, senor, close with him! Close with him!" un animiously urged the other ten travellers, who were curious to see the old one's talent put to the proof, "otherwise we shall think you verily are afraid." "Then I cale'late i'll convincd ver to the con trairy," drawled the Gemerian. "L'm sot on Jumnbi " (the spirit worshipped by the negroes of the Antilles, supposed to reside in'ceiba trees), he added, addressing the cattle-dealer, and expectorating over his shoulder into the fireplace. " You bet lie's somewhere around. We passed a grove of cribas just riow." "Corpo dii C(hristi ! am I a niggeror a Johnny Croi'!" cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflame at the insult implied by the young man's address. "-Can you not see the senor is afraid, and wants to back out of the business !" sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "D'ye want to digest your supper with a little lead, stranger " inquired tile Yakeo tapping his breast- pocket suggestively, but before the cigar-roller, who seemed eager to accept this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back in his chair and his voice drowned iv eager and inl sistent cries of "The challenge-keep tc the challenge, gentlemen!" "Let senor Americano signify whom among the de. parted he wishes to see, and I am ready," said the cattle-dealer, who had recoveredl his phlegm. "It is understood that I bet him six hundredl American dollars that he will drop down with fright before the apparition I conjure up--" "Ilold there i Six hunldred dollars is more than I can aflbrd to risk !" interrupted the American. " Since the senor so positively denies the oexistence of spirits, there can. be no risk for /im," insinuated the Mexi can, an argument that was unanimously applauded. "I can'twager what Ihaven't got," persistedl the young commercial, " but 1'll bet you a hundred dollars, if that will suit you." The Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and langhbed contemptuously. " Conjure up a spirit from the abas for the miserable sum of one hundred dollars I No, senor. My wager stands at six hund red. If you accept that-well; if not I shall.take the liberty of beieving youlack the needful courage." By this time the curiosity of tihe ten spectators had reached such a pitch that they were prepared to pay almnost any iiiice for its gratification. One of them exclaimed, "Senors, let us co-operate to settle this difficulty. We are tei in numnber. H"ere I lay ldown fifty dollars: if each of you will do likewvise, with senor Americainos hundred we shall have made up thei suim." This proposi tioi was eagerly accepted, and in less time than it takes to relate, 500 dollars were handed to 1l: yuIIgeCommlnercial, with the uilcer.tanilulh tihat if hlie wonll the bet the profit s?ol(ull beh equally shored amuig thie ten c, itrib'utrsI. Ie did not appear oveCrjy-d at the facihty aftthrded him for esi;hhlaliiug h;is claim to be a mau lif coUIrlt : rae tle COlitrary, hlie becaie ipale aiil uneasy', anl it was not till the mock ing whispers around grew so loud that he could no longer pretend to be deaf to them, that he said, with a forced laugh, which had mighty little bravura in it. ' Waal I guess its a done job, guvner. Go ahead and lose yer money as quick as yer like." The landlord of the venrl agreed to place an empty room at the disposition of the neeromancer, and the Mexican having selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, and shut the door upon him. lHe himself remained outside in the garden with the rest of the com pany, whose excitement was aroused to the highest pitch by the cabalistic nature of the next proceedings. Placing himself opposite the closed door the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly some formula in an unknown tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-sunk. eyes seemed penetrating to the depths of Avernus. "Who shall I call?" he asked at length. "Fair Zara, the female hull- fighter i" was the answer that came back from the dark room. The Mexican resumed his incanta tions. "I calc'lato the lady's husband objects to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'em both, stranger," jeered theyoung commercial, as the ghost delayed to appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his mutterings. At the end of another live minutes the Georgian called out, "Look here, 3alsamo, give over swearing, and let me out. I can't afford to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts are getting on their ten league boots." "There is time, senor; there is time !" called back the majoral, who stood agape with curiosity behind his passengers. " What do you see 1' demanded the deep. voice of the Mexican. "Nothing," was the prompt reply. An interval of a few moments, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was a pause, and then in a somewhat unsteady voice the answer came, "I see a white vapour at the end of the roo:--you are letting in steam to frighten mne i" " What comes out of the vapour I" questioned the Mexican. Another pause, Ionter than before, and then the tremulous intoejection, "It is a figure. It approaches, but I do not care. It is all a dolusion." " What does the delusion do T' demanded the conjurer, with a sneer of menace in his tones. A sort of shuddering gasp was audible on the other side of the door, then on a sudden a piercilg cry. "A woman's kiss ! No i the lips wice fire-the arms ice. ~Let me go, fiend: there is blood on: her neck ! Let nme go ! I am stillinig- strangling ! Ah ! I can't bear it! Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. ielp ! Help !" A heavy fill was heard insid the the room. Some of the comnpany toro open the door, whilst others fetched a light. The commercial lay on the floor in convulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water on the main's face, slapped his hands and feet, shook him, and rubbed hin with vinegar, friglhtened out of their wits at the alarming consequenccs of the spectra. wager. At last lie caine to. Drawing a deep breath, le opened his eyes, and < vaL a terrified glance toward the end of the room, as if lie expected to see this glassy gaze of the murdered :mnatuade. still rivetted upon lhim. His relief at finding the apparition gone was quicklysuccceded by an ioutburst of fury against the wizard who had called it up. 'p "Whero is hi gone 1" he cried. " Where is the blanked swindler who has been trying to gaullnoln me with hli ghost ? It was a gull, a cheat ' Tei dead don't returni." I1o looked savagely about idnm, but the Alexi. can tnular wami not there ; he ha1d stayed behind in the garden.. " Where is hle skulking I Let me come athim !" shouted the young commercial, and before anyone had time to preveut him, lie asht out iinto the garden like a cannon-ball. The others followedl in a state of panic, expecting a catastrophe if the two men ?net. It was pitch dark in the grJcun, anti they called aloud to the IMclexcan to -bIerb kj'tT~ oxasperated Yankee. Ihit everything remained quiet. Presently more lights were brought, and strict search was made among the beds of yanms and cassara anl the patch of sugar-cane in the .venr garden. It resulted in the discovery of nothing but a voung mongoose, probably harbouriig thievist: designs on iinie host's turkeys. A low hedge of cof!ie-bushes separated the garden froin the adjacent country, which wsas ev::ec!opd in the black ness of a stormy midnight. Under cover of this impenetrable gloom the magician and the eceptic, their theatrical aninlosity laid asilde with the complction of their rdles, hadl accomplished :a r?eSy evascion,, carrying with them the 500 t? ohinl;u of their cajoled fellow passengers. St:n of these laughed at the clever swinile, whilst others aflirme:l that tih cttire a;hvcnture was the work of the devil and his :acnts. The debate on these ploinl occulpiedl thn whole of tihe next stage. The oulljoral was of course drawn into the argument, but lie would rnot commit himself. 'CiGod only knew. The Americanos were won't tosay there were dollars in Cuba for mien who kept their eyes skinned, and skinned eves ought also see ghosts ! For the rest, each senor had paid equally for tl:h right to his opinion." The majoral could allird to be philosophic and impartial. lie had lost nothing, and e h ad acquired a neuow and exciting tale of the roadl. 