AUSTRALIAN Mo'THS. /Yf- G Australian aborigines have a curious liyth with regard to tho origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. Tney gob alon very comfortably without it till ono day somo adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they deter mined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain thou- object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the w ater was contained m the stomach f a gigantic toad which lived iu a cave at tho top of ono of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when tlio water would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should bo asked to give their co-operation to obtain tho desired result. This they readily agreed to, j and natives and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh-raising. The first to make the essay was tho ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of tho classes as against tlio virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and tho toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self-satisfied airas though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his crowing and flapping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contor tions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head ? Lo ? and behold j tho toad smiled, and out of each sicSe of his — 1 mouth water began to tr'ckle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts, lie twisted himself into a doublo knot and walked jauntily along on his head and tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain-side, and spreading over the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water. The following story shows that- ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body tliey once inhabited. A man travelling in thecounbry of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway ho saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in tho direction the family had taken, and all round about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks lead ing to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died ho laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug from tho face he found that it was a friend. Ha wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when lie heard some magpies making a great noise, as though they saw something strange. He turned round to see what it was and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could nob move, but mauaged to address it in these terms: " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm ? " It never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. When lie readied his friends ho told thoni what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleed ing ; and said he had a presentiment that something bad would befall liini before long. At the next meeting of the tribes lie wa» speared through the heart.- — Belgruvia. 