THE EDITOR'S STORY. We eat on Hie front verandah cool on a Christmas Bve eone hv. The Editor of the TMaraian Times, the Editor'* wire, and I ; The gir'e and the b««8 in the home behisd made melody, weird and will, " Christmas carols, Tintaraban style," the Editor said and smiled. The level ravn of the Petting eun through the vine-clad trellis came, ind touched the white, and the red wine bright into topaz and ruby flam", c Hermitage both, yon may tafce your oath," quoth the Edltot, with a grin ; "I got them in lien of subscriptions due from Vigneron Patsy Finn." Tbe Editor's fane was brown and lean, and his forehead was scored and lined, But his dark grey eyes were merry and keen as his wife's were blue and kind ; "Atiastl" be cried, and h» bowed to her, " You'll drink this toa*t, I know ; It's < A midnight ride with a stolen bride a score of years ago.'" They lookei at each other, laughing low, at & jest unknown to me, As happy a pair, as they sat there, as eyei might wish to see; " Mary, my pride, shall I tell of that ride ?" with a dancing eye in bis head, The Editor asked of his wife ; she smiled, and " Yes, if you like," she said. «' In 'sixty-eight, and God bless thei date," the Editor then began, " I was light and lithe and young and blithe and cared not for any man; Ah, those were days I There were no grey hairs like these you see on my brow, When spur on heel had a homelier feel than pen in the hand has now. Bnt though I was", much to'myself, as such, some weaknesses I must say I wasn't above, so I fell in love with the daughters of Morgan Shea ; There were but two, yet I vow to yon that which of them, Mary or Anne, I wanted to marry I knew no more than the least interested man. Mary was fair, and Anne was dark, and both were the country's boast, Though now (with a wink) that I come to think it was Anne was admire* the moBt; And both were kind and both inclined to like me—but chiefly Anne." " Conceit," said his wife, and fondly smiled on the little grey-bearded man. « But I was only a printer then, with only a printer's pay, To keep myself and a hungry horse, he went on to remark, " while they Were daughters of rank, with coin in the bank, their father a squatter proud, When squatters were all of the arutocrats in this noantry side allowed, " And Morgan Shea had all of the'pride of his class, and b trifle more, And he pave me to understand one day that if ever I darken'd his door He'd shoot me as sure as sadden death ; and he had a quaint grim way Of keeping hi« word, however absurd, the same Mister Morgan Shea, " But Love,Jthey say, ha? its own strong way of piercing obstacles through ; How much more so with a love like mine that was ample enough for two 1 And thus, perchance, to my veering mind it suddenly did occur That Anne was the girl who was meant for tee—and I settled it so with her. So it came to pass on & nigh, like this, when the moon rose late and large, IChat I rode <6 the homestead of Morgan Shea, with n swift led horse in charge. The. horse that I rode myself—ah, well, I have «eaa aome horseflesh since,' Bat seldom a breed -with the stay and speed of the breed of old Black "Prince. That's alwaysjexcepting Shea's own,horBBT-»«4' terrible great red roan --•" And creamlwhitelmare-there were none to compare with Biaek Princeibut these alone; But these (here was nothing to catch or match, nothing to tame or tire ; The wiad of thsir wake |on the colde3t day was a breeze that burned like fire. Strong language, this!? Well, perhaps it is. But remember I tell you—I— There were horses to ride in this flouatry side a score of years gone by. Bnt the roan and the mare I could safely swear were secure in their stable, so We had nothing to fear on that moonlight ride a score of years ago. AcroB? the bridge OT| Gulliver's Creek, and over the Frenchman's Hill We swept, and down to the long grey flat— and there in the moolight still Bow after row the ring- barked trees rushed by ae oa either hand, Like processions of sheeted ghosts they seemed, swift-flitting across the land. Galloping there I became aware of the sound •of hoofs behind, 4nd " Anne," I cried, " we have ridden fast, but jiow we must burn the wind." ®"or answer I heard a laugh; I toned—and there was a sight to pee 1 . . As I am a man, instead of Anne^it was Mary who sode with me.. " A Printer's error!" you'll say, It was, but I was a patient-man, •And X was in love with Mary, too, though ! had arranged with Anne. -'And so. , . Bit his wife interrupted berfl, " Yon Bie it.iras 1hU way—Jim tp&d; taken 10 -long/to make up big mind that 99 " t • itor said—"jHaving gone so far yon :ry easily see as nothing to do bnt keep going on," ght borne in on me pecial force &s; over the coarse dry k bed rubble the grind And rind I heard, and grew cold to hear, of galloping hoofs behind. T knew, withont turning head to see, by h insolent easy way 1 were roping as in 'twas the roan and mare belonging to Morgan Shea. ^ le road was clear, and oar goal was n and X whispered to Mary—"Bide; in up • here—and ;good-bye, my dear— a Jim. in hi« BtiirupBdied." Of irse this was bluff, and she laughed on igh, and " Die if you must and will," xuacoing my horse with her whip, Bhe said— " but first to the church on the hill." . . And there Of? Old Man Hill we were met, full-facc",'oy the golden dawn, Ar i behold, in its light, like amber bright, the tresses of Mary Bhone. Aud X felt that, in time. I might bear the shock of the change of sweethearts, when I heard, like thunder of waves on the rock, the roan and the mare again, And, oh, if for Mary and me it had not been a grim and a tragic thing, It would have been joy to have gazed just then on the splendid space-cleaving swing Of that wonderful pair as like treated waves m the dawn up the hill they came As though a challenge of speed to bear to the Morning's coursers of flame. Mary said " Yes; they're a splendid pairit was settled long liuce—that's Anne You see on the mare, and the red roan there is ridden by Dan McCann," 'Twas so. The woman, woman-like, thought of the human pair, mau-like I Thought of the horses—so we are made—but under the morning sky M .Triages twain took place, and I h&d; for groomsman Dan McCann, And for bridesmaid—sauciiy smiling at me— lo, and behold you, Anne I An 1 Morgan Shea ! What had he to say ? He had much to say, indeed, Toi profane and vain to hint is print, though lurid enough to read In the dark. However, the end was this— he bought the " Cobargn CrimeB " (I call it «n) for Dan, and for me this lame The Tintaraban editor and Times. his wife arose, and "A Printer's Error," said he, " It was." At each o'.ier they fondly smiled. And we drank to < bat error, did we, And I tboneht, as I looked at the oair, " Oh, • there, I well know all about the leaven Of error one finds in printing on earth—but Viis error WRB made in Hen-VCD. —TICTOH J. DALEY. 