A VEXED INHERITANCE CHAPTER II. THE LOST HEIR. ' Do you think we could leave now, Adelaide ?' So said Hubert Westray, drawing to his wife's side about an hour after dinner. ' It is very early, Hubert. But if you are not well, if you would like to go, I will ask Mrs. Wilmot to excuse us.' 'Do. I feel wretchedly out of sorts,' he answered hurriedly. It is insufferable to listen to these people talking. I didn't want to come at all. I ought to have stawd at home.' Lady Westray hurriedly rose, and has tened to make her excuses to tlieir hos tess, and to ask that their carriage might be ordered at once. She was glad to get away outofthe room, glad toescapeespeci klly ftom Mrs. Robert "Westray'skeen, cold eyes, which seemed to have a strange mocking gleam in their depths. A pre vision of coming trouble had laid its chill hand on the heart of Adelaide Westray, and when she was alone in the carriage with her husband, she sank back in her corner, trembling in every limb. 'Forgave me, my darling; I am a bear-frightening and hurrying you like this. I am a miserable, evil-haunted man, who can rest neither night nor day.' ' Miserable ! Evil-haunted 1 What do you mean, Hubert? You terrify me. Why should you suffer in this way-you whohave never willingly harmed a human bfcing ? You are very ill, surely, Hubert, and the mind is dependent on the body. We will have the best medical advice to-morrow.' Hubert Westray gloomily shook his head. 'You do not understand, Adelaide. My wife, my trouble is not one which medical skill can assist, or even your sweet sympathy cure. Who can minister to a mind diseased ?' .' But what does it all mean, Hubert? Why should you be troubled ? What is it that lies so heavy on your heart ? Tell it to me, dearest. Although I am only an ignorant girl, I am your wife; and, oh, I could help you, I think, if you would only let me.' For a time Hubert Westray made no answer. When he did speak, at length, it was only to ask a question which had no bearing on the subject. ' Did you go into the nursery before we left, Adelaide?' '\eB,' she answered briefly, hurt a little at his calm ignoring of her appeal. " Bertie was all right, I suppose ?' ' Yes, all right.' 'You can trust Foster? I hope she will look after the child as faithfully in your absence as when you are at home.' . Why of course. What extraordinary questions you arc asking, Hubert! You alarm me very much.' Her voice shook, and he saw with what an effort she kept her self-control. ' I cannot help myself, Adelaide. I feel as if there were a sword hanging over my head. Whenever you and the child arc out of my sight, I am in tor ment.' 'Then you must be ill, Hubert, when such strange fancies possess you,' said the young wife, turning her wondering eyes on his face. In the dim light of the carriage lamp she could see how pale and haggard he was, and what a restless light gleamed in his eye. She laid her hand on his arm, seeking to soothe him with her gentle touch. ' I think we must go away somewhere for a time, Hubert; to the sunny South, where you will forget all your gloomy faucies. You have been too much among yout books of late. I am very proud of my husband's scholarship, but I cannot let his health suffer on its account.' He smiled, and slightly shook his head. Then they relapsed into silence, which Adelaide Westray felt no inclination to break. She was glad to be still for a little, to try and think over this trouble which had come into her life. Hitherto no shadow had fallen across her happy heart. Had the richest earthly blessings only been given that through them she might learn something of the ministry of pain ? ? Adelaide,' Sir Hubert's voice broke the long silence, ' if you were to learn that I was unworthy, would you change towards me ? Should I use your love ?' ' I am your wife, Hubert-and there is Bertie," she answered simply, yet with a strange pathos of wistfulness. ' You try me very hard. If you would only trust rae entirely, and tell me what is troubling you, it would be better for us both. Here we are at home I I never was so thankful to see home, I think, in all my life before.' The carriage drew up at the pillared entrance to West Court, and Sir Hubert, jumping out, helped his wife to alight, with his usual careful tenderness. It was a dark, starless night, the air un seasonably warm and oppressively still. It was almost as if a strange hush of ex pectancy hung over the dark and silent earth. ' How hot it is!' exclaimed Lady Westray, pushing her hood back from her golden head and throwing her cloak off her bare arms. 'I feel oppressed, unhappy, Hubert. You have infected me, I think, with your dullness. I shall be glad to get to sleep. Surely it will be brighter to-morrow morning. They entered the house together, and both were struck on the threshold by the stillness within. No servant came for ward, as usual, to receive the wraps; but when Lady Westray ran upstairs, she met her own maid on the drawing-room floor. . Why, Denver, I thought you were all asleep. Take my things, and get me a cup of chocolate,' said her ladyship lightly; then, suddenly struck by some thing strange in the woman's demeanour, she looked at her sharply. ' What is it ? Why do you look at me so strangely ? We are an hour or two earlier than we j expected, but that need not disconcert you, surely.' "No, my lady, not at all. There is: nothing-at least,' said Denver, tremb ling, and suddenly bursting into tears, I she covered her face with her apron and ran away. Lady Westiay hung her wraps over the balustrade, and walked upstairs to the nursery. The lights in both night and day nursery were at their full height, the doors wide open, and the baby was not in his cot. Lady Westray furiously rang the bell, but there was no answer. Another peal, and a young girl who as sisted in the kitchen'came stealing into the room as white as the collar at her throat. ' Where is baby, and where is Foster, Anne ?' asked Lady Westray, very sharply for her, but her nerves were strung to the highest pitch. ' How dare she take him out of the nursery at this late hour? And how dare she send you to answer my bell?' ' Oh, my lady, Foster is in the kitchen. She has fainted three times since, and and-' The little maid finished her sentence, like Denver, with a burst of weeping. 'Where is baby? Try to tell me quietly, Anne, what has happened,' said Lady Westray, her very agony of.appre hension enabling her to speak calmly and even gently to the sobbing girl. ' I'l try, my lady. It was about half past nine; Foster was in the hall having a bit of supper with us. She had left baby sleeping in his cot, and when she came up after ten he was not there. I offered to go up and sit by him, my lady, while Mrs. Foster had her supper, but she said he was sleeping so soundly there was no need.' Like an arrow Lady Westray swept past the girl and sped off downstairs to the kitchen. Sir Hubert, after removing his hat and coat, had gone as usual to the library. It was his habit to sit over his books till far on in the morning. He did not hear the light, swift footfall pass the door; he was sitting moodily over the fire, his head buried in his hands, a prey to his own gloomy thoughts. In the kitchen a bevy of terrified servants were gathered about the nurse, who was rocking herself to and fro in her ctiRir, wringing her hands and bemoaning her fate, for it was to her carlessness that West Court owed the losr of its heir. When Lady Westray, still in her white dinner dress, with the spring blossoms, now crushed and withered, at her throat I and belt, entered the kitchen, the group silently fell apart; then some of them burst into audible sob. ' Foster, what have you done with my child ?' ashed her ladyship, in a calm, clear, perfectly passionless voice. At the sight of her mistress the woman went off into hysterics; then Lady Westray turned inquiringly to the others. ' There is very little to tell, my lady,' said the cook, more self-possessed than any of the rest. 1 Mrs. Foster was having her supper with us, for company's sake, and when she went back to the nursery the baby was gone- spirited away, I say -for no human being could take him. At first we thought Anne or Polly was playing a trick on nurse-trying to frighten her for leaving him-but we soon found there was nothing of that kind. We've searched high and low, my lady; there isn't a corner of the house we haven't been into, nor an outhouse. We went through every blessed one with a lantern, but it was no use.' Lady Westray asked no more ques tions, but walked slowly out of the kitchen and upstairs to the library. There was no faltering in her step, nor in her voice, when she interrupted her husband's reverie by the expiring fire. ' Baby is away, Hubert,' she said, in a quiet, low voice, and she sat down and looked at him with a dazed, almost vacant air. ' Away to bed, do you mean ?' ' No; away out of the house. They have lost him. Some one has taken him out of his crib. We shall never see him any more, I suppose, l'oor Bertie I To be lifted out of his warm bed, and carried out into the dark night.. It was very cruel, Hubert, to him as well as to us.' Hubert Westray sprang to his feet, his tbll figure quivering with excitement, the veins in his forehead standing out like knotted cords. ' That was her errand,' he said, in a low, thick whisper, oblivious of his wile's unnatural calm, ' I ought to have known that revenge brought her here. That is the sword that has been hanging over me for days, Adelaide. I knew it would be either you or the child.' Even in her own dread, awful misery, Lady Westray was arrested by her hus band's wild words. ' Who are you talking about, Hubert ? Mystery seeins heaped upon mystery here. Do you know who can have taken Bertie ?' asked his wife, pressing her hands to her throbbing temples, as if trying to collect and calm her thoughts. ' Yes, I know. I saw Rosamond Vane in Westborough yesterday, and her eyes have haunted me ever since. They fore boded evil to me and mine.' ' Who is Rosamond Vane ?' ' Ah, I forgot; you do not know. Yes, I will tell you, Adelaide. The crisis has come, and you must know all. It cannot matter now whether you leave me or not. I told you I have been a miserable, evil-haunted man, pursued by tho ghost of the past-by the misery of a sin for which I have been bitterly pun ished. But there, I cannot tell you the story now. I must go and seek her and the child.' So saying, and leaving his wife to her helpless, unavailable pain, be quitted the house. A little later she heard the ring of a horse's hoofs on the avenue, and if at that moment Adelaide Westray felt as if the very foundation of earth and heaven were shaken, she may be forgiven. She dragged herself up at length, and went to make some more inquiries in a strange, listless, dispirited way, without that exhibition of frensy which a mother thus suddenly and mysteriously bereft might have been expected to display. There was little more to learn. The gross carelessness of the servants was only confirmed : they were too miserable and conscience-stricken to attempt to screen or defend themselves. While they had been enjoying their evening meal, the hall door had been open, and the entire house left at the mercy of any who might elect to enter it. The servants'<]uarters were quite shut off from the upper part of the house, and only a very unusual noise could be heard downstairs. How easy then for the robber to steal upstairs and carry away tbc sleeping child 1 The mystery was why the child should have been taken, and so much that is commonly valued by the thief left untouched. Lady Westray wandered about the house for a time like one in a dream, looking blankly into one room after another, until at length she sat down on a chair by the empty cot in the night nursery, ana there, with folded hands and wide-staring eyes waited for what she scarcely knew. None of the servants came near; they were afraid fo sec her, they whispered to one another, and so a dreary hour dragged itself away. Towards two o'clock in the morning the sound of a horse's returning hoofs rang over the still and heavy air, and Lady Westray sprang to her feet, and, with a wild -light of expectancy in her eyes, sped down to the hall, only to see her husband enter alone; then with a low moan she tottered, and sank un conscious on the sette in the hall. 