Theatrical Topics. At the Vaudeville, Loudon, on JTay Cthore was a revival of the late Dion Bouoioault's ' fareioal comedy, "Forbidden Fruit." .. .. An adaptation from the Fronob by Mr. F. ' Horner, entitled "The Great Unpaid," was produced at tho Comedy on Hay 9. -, \- Mr. .Bland Holt proposos to make a. tour of. ' Now Zealand - shortly, with. " The Trumpet Oall" ahd " A Sailor's Knot " as his principal pieces. - The Gaiety Company opened a forowoll season in the Prineess Theatre, Melbourne, on . Saturday night. - Tho house was crowded in every part, uml " Faust up. to Date " -was well reooivod. . A grim, terrible, nnd somewhat ropellant story of child murder is told in " Alan's Wifo," un anonymous study in three sdenos, produced hy tho Independent Theatro Sooiety, at Terry's Theatre, April 23. A syndicate is being formed in London to "exploit" Mr. Lonnon On his retutn from Australia. . The idea is to organise a cdiUpany '' to mippori Mr.' Lonuen and tour England. In the first place, he will opon in London in a new Burlesque by G. R. Sims and Cecil Raleigh. Mr. Edward Terry and Mr. Alfred Dampier wore room mates ut Sheffield ever so many years ago (says tho Sydney Daily Telegraph), when Terry was starting to olimb the ladder. The comedian r'emembors tho oiroumstance well, for "both Dampier and myself wore burnt out, and. lost most of our available property." "Morocco Bound," whioh lias achieved a great popular suocess ut the Shtiftosbury Theatre, Loudon, is decidedly amusing, the Slot being just sufficient to allow of the intro- uction of plenty of varloty business, with pretty scenery and dresses, good dancing und such touches of realism hb real water with real swans swimmiug in it, and a performing bull dog. John Hare has livod, as he told tho Aotors' Association lately, to be ahlo to realise an am bition of his youth. When he first took to the stage he was oondemned to dress in a cellar unfit for a dog, and lie thou registered a vow that if ever the time came when he possessed a - theatro of his own- ho would give his aotors, at any cost, olean and airy dressing-rooms. The London Garrick is tho result. Mr. Granville R. Bontook, whose one-sot romantic opora " Caodmar" constituted ono of the novelties of Signor Lago's brief soason at the Olympio Theatre, last autumn, has just oompleted anotlior work of a somowhat similar character, whieli Is likely to be produced ut a continental theatro at an early date, Mr. Bantook's opera "Caedmar" was regarded as a work of very considerable promise. The rovivul of " Diplunaoy" should be spooially attractive at tho present time, tbe parody having eujoyed, on its original produc tion at the Strand Theatre in 1878, a success soaroely less remarkable than that of its original. Playgoers who are able to oast their memories . baok to that date will recall with speoial pleasure tbe singularly clever imitations . of Mr. Bancroft hy FT Marius and of Mrs. Bancroft (as the Oomtcsse Zioka) by Miss Lottie Venno. Italy is hardly ripo for Ibsen yet, to judge from the scene whioh occurred at the represen- tation of " Ghosts " at the Teatro Commuualo, at Trieste, on April 14. According to the Vienna correspondent of tho Daily Newt, the progress of the third not was interrupted hy a. violent oommotion, ladies fainting, shrieking, and disappearing. At lust " everybody present asked for the ourtain to bo lowered, and- this was done before tho pioco was at an end. Then tho actor who played the part . of Oswald was colled out twelve tunes." ' During his presont American tour, Mr. E. S. Willard has, 'in connection with an intoler able abuse, set an example of firmness und deoisiou whioh, wore it consistently followed by all leading members of the theatrical pro fession, would Bpoedily end in the entire dis- appcarttnco of a notorious evil. Having found that at eight of tho theatres iu which he has played during the Boason, "the dressing- room aeoommodation was neithor suffioient, decent, nor healthful," he has positively refused to appear in thorn a second timo. Rehearsals of the now opera hy Mr. Ernest Ford, with libretto hy Messrs. Couun Doyle and J. M. Barrio, are in progress in London, and the work will be produced as soon as it is ready. No hint has yot been given as to the name it is to hear, this information, according to Savoy oustom, being withhold until almost the lost moment, but Mr. D'Oyley Carta has volunteered to an interviewor the information that it is supposed to lie the first comio opora with a moral. Miss Deoima Mooro has been selected to sustain the prima donna role. Mr. Lonnen (Bays a Sydnoy paper) brought with him from New Zealand a brand new Maori song with whioh he proposes to make some stir, either in Melbourne or in London. This song, several Maori ouriositieB, and one Dunedin blaok evo are Mr. Lonnen's trophies from tho land of the Maori and tho moa. The blook eye, as announced, he get " from some one who struck him from behind "—though how he could be struok on the eye in that way, and what the oomodian was doing with his book to the enemy, when it is clear that ho had already defeated most of tho Workman staff, requires explanation. 