More About Ghosts. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. " Then you don't believe in ghosts, 3Ir Brooke ?" " Certainly not ; but I do believe there are | eop'e who see them — in imsg nation." Such was the question put by a representa tive of the Pall Mall, and the answer re- ceiiei fiom iJr V\r- F. B ooke, of Haskeiyne and Cooke's who the otber day issued a circular offering to vieit " haunted houses," and lay the most troublesome "spoil?. ' Mr Biooke complains somewhat of the Physical Research society, and thinks that if more activity was cliuwn, many housts that have been empty lor yea s i ecaii3e tbey nave the reputation of being honored, would be let. He has great faiik ia individual woik in this line, and is convinced that if someone would set himself up as a specialist and offer to take up his quarters in the " urcad being's own abode " lor a little lime, lie might easily find out tLe rial cause of the disturbance, aud thus do away with the Billy noiious .n«i w— - - -,n,j give a house a bad name. the adventure op the stowaway. ' What was your first achievement V "Oh, a veiy simple affar.. I was on hoard a ship in Newcastle, Australia, und we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zcaiano. but on the day prerioui to liie sailing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and in fact, all over the reSEil. 1 heard the noises myseif, and at Cist was under the impression mat some stowaway was in distress. 1 found this was nut the case, so having an ioea) I coiauieuceo imiiating rarious animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I pro ceeded cautiously in riie criterion of the sound, but slipped, and lolling down the heap of coals, tell into the anus of toe pour iittie pig we hud lost thiee weeks Li-lurC, auo which Lad grown enormously fat ouiiug h.s incarceration, existing sOiely upon Coai !" the cat and the eat. " I suppose that in many casts animals are the cause of these strange rn-ires " "Oh, tea; 1 have had many mo'.aiiccs of the kind. One rime 1 was sent fir to calm the 1 tars of two maiueu Jauies who had been Lightened for Eei'eral nighis by unearthly noises and tappings that had, icey avsuieu me, come out ot the eareh.' i luuuu mat the sounds proceeded from the ifforta oi a cat to extricate itself trom a lousier tin under i ne floors. In another ca&e; 1 was quicly silting m a haunted house, wnh a cim glimmer of Irght, a piece of chetse near a suspicious rooking hole, und my irusiy No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when 1 saw two glistening eyes, and I 'lei go.' I drew lorth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden bait tied round Ills lieok. No more rapping was heard more. The wood, I piesume, nad been lieu rounu the poor nrule as an ind dodge to scare away its companions, aud in it- journeying; it lapped against the laths aud lloors." rOOTPiOX'TS OX THE SAND. " IVbut are your .methods of uneaithiug ' ghosts Y " " They are very simpie. I have very acme hearing, aud can generally locale a sound directly I hear it, but if I fait to discover m which direction it conies from u.re.cliy, I ' make a minute examination of the uoors and windows and floors, if 1 suspect that iL is cauted by an animal or by some piacueal joker who is in the house, I scatter a little povvuer or sand around all the entiautl-S, sit duwu quietiy and await the appearance ol the apparition, or the sound ot uie creatine, if iL appears (it never does, ibougoy .-.na - goes off again I examine rhe potvuer round the duors for iooimarks or paw-tieuds, I understand thuiouguly the construct!.-! of a houte, and eonsequeuiiy, can olieii ikied flaws in the building mat would Lot u, noticed except by a piactical man. S. range noises are caused ny a varibiy of iiiu-g. domes haskeis thai hate c-.-a,-, I.u.qi wet cioiiics are Lang up in a warm juuii. alier washing days. 'Jney w.ri emiL peculiar sounds to the nervous, i.- c---: bc-aruv unUoi rile carpets will set many peup e wouc«.n.g . a beelie underneath a u.,1 papei, too,' will make a tuauge scratching soau... jt isnui a sufficiently known fact mat tuu-.ginadon m riie oulv intellectual lacuilv whic.j i-Xercista a direct influence on Lbe bvdiiy uigau;, lucre organs being the organs of tea..,, ii acta by producing in llicui or in paits ol the biaiu with which ibev communicate, the same stare which is usua.iy brought about bv exitrual objects actually ureaeuc lo them. I he eye is most liable lo be ailucied by these false impressions, which occur in many diSereut Elates of system. Iknutv a man who see= phantoms very olu-n. 1 have been in his company when he tees them — tu bas had two or three altacks u£ D.X. " a womajs's piteous sllejl-iks !" ' Net die.- £ to say, Mr Brooke, you have i always discovered the nature and where abouts of of the ' spirit V " ' Yes. J. have never been beaten but 1 hare had several tough customers so ueai with. One house that i visiied bore a veiy baa name. LJneartnly shrieks as of a woman while being ill Heated had been heard by liie neighbours, as weli as by the late ocenpauts. 1 stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to near anything oul of the common, until the lady, a lewnrinures before twelve, gave me a tasLe of lie: quality. I beard Inr as I was sitting in the kitihen, aud then in the loom anove. 1 went juro the garden — she was there ; 1 went into the street — she was there. I know she was there, because I heard her. 1 examined the house thoroughly, out wnirout success, unui my efforts weie rewarded alicr about a couple of hours' searcumg, and i naocU hei voice to the roof. I went for it ivi.k a ladder, aud brought ii down under my arm ; the ebiinuey-pul cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused Lhese unincsicai sounds. a myetekiocs footstlp — wasted, ghosts ! By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an empty house V' ' I've had worse. 1 managed to unearth I the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during lainy weather in a large hous iu High street, DepLford, some time ein- ce. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutti-r was slopped up, and the water flowed over ou to a leaden flat and cau6ed the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots ''four W" informed me that ' the blokes wot lived in one of the kerrevans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to doss.' " llr Brooke got into trouble a few years ago by nis rather practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a di6a rower of spiritualism and iheosopby, and lie scorns "astral bodie-." If anyone has a real ghost for sale, be would be pleased to buy it ; or if a haunted bouse can be pointed out to him, he wiil be very happy to track "spook" to its parading ground. 