CHAPTER XIII. A FACE IN THE CEOWD. No roan is the absolute lord oi his lite.-meredith. Miss Jessica Gray, John Winthrop's Ward, was left an orphan with a fair fortune in money and beauty at fifteen. For three years she had been affectionately cared for in the pleasant Quaker homestead among the Berkshire Hills, growing in charactor, perhaps, too much after the manner of the wild- flowers there-so many flowers, so many weeds crowded together indiscriminately. The lurking fire under the indifference of her manner might burn some day that which should waken it. In the quiet home among the New England Berkshires with gentle Mrs. Winthrop for com- panion, her fiercer nature slept. Occasionally she roused and brightened, surprising even herself with her brilliance ; but ¿hese rare occasions were only when John Winthrop was at home. Still she did not pause to analyse this change in herself any more than she wonjd have analysed a change more marked in any other. She was too indolent to question the causes of life. Life itself was good ; rather stupid at times, too animal like, but worth living. So that it was not until that morning »of the adventure jn-front of the " Belle Jardinière" that Jessica Gray was roused to be more than a pas- sionate woman unawakened. She- had never before been conscious of the heat that tinged her blood to the brilliant, intense degree of Beatrice Field. But this morning the smouldering-fire in her blood began to lift and glow, perhaps heralding- who knows-a waterous outbreaking like the destroying fires of iEtna or Vesuvius. Those indolent opal eyes of hera from under their curled golden lashes watched furtively the strong face of her guardian in its pallor of passion, aereas the pretty luncheon-table. Her ears always strangely alert to catch his words, distinguished some under note of bitterness in his mattered speech, of someone who was not she. The thin rose-leaf lips parted, catohing this in a charming yawni " I beg your pardon, Jack," she said, smoothly, the waking demon larking in the darkening eyes, "but sometimes I am more lonely among these hurrying crowds than under the trees at dear old ' Cedarhurst.' There one's stupidity was not so markedly apparent as it is here." Her guardian was kindly attentive at once. He fulfilled his duty to the letter to this girl, as in all else of his life. " You do well to remind me, Jessica," he said, putting aside his own thoughts for a time. *' You have been in Europe for twe years now, and if you are still lonely, yon should have told me sooner. We return to America next week, but, until then, yon should have an opportunity of making friends here. I have introductory letters to many persons. I will call upon them to-day. No time like the present, you know, Jessica," he added, smiling. His smile was always good to see. Now it quick- ened to a brighter glow that demon spark in Jessica's eyes, " And you must promise me, mother, never again to attempt shopping without com- panionship. Even your wonderful * Bon Marchó' or the 'Belle Jardiniere' or those shops of the 'Louvre' might prove snares for you. I shall, never feel secure about you, unless one of us is with you." " I promise thee," said Mrs. Winthrop, smiling, always pleased at his evident affection and care for her. " I will not again venture alone, John." " Some one, anyway, to guard you," added John kindly. "But, then," the lurking devil had crept into Jessica's Blow, soft voice, though she toyed indo- lently with the spoon balanced upon her coffee-cup, her eyes from under their lashes on his face. " But, then, there was the beautiful young lady, you know, Jack. Her speech was something like the speech of a heroine in a novel when the hero is in question. How insolent she must be to have uttered anch words to our dear mamma, Winthrop. Or else-" was there ever such another slow, even, exasperating voice before ?-" how she muBt hate you, Jack! I never before believed you capable of hurting a woman." There was fire under John Winthrop'« reserve, too, and this waking woman was frightened at her work when she saw the blaze in the dark-gray eyes under the heavy, meeting brows and a livid flush cross his face, leaving it still more pallid by con- trast ; the stern lips set like steel lines under the shrouding moustache, He clenched his hand upon the table until it was like a dead hand closed rigidly forever upon some precious thing. How he com- manded his voice into even speaking she could never know. His very self-control startled her more than open anger would have done. "Women judge for women," he said, sternly, " and men for men. You know too little of the one or the other to judge, Jessica. You will be happier if yon learn from my mother's quiet life rather than from novels. Because a woman is beautiful outwardly does not answer for her soul." Still arguing away Alecia's influence ! Always setting her against these strange happenings of life! " And there is really no true beauty without a white soul, Jessica," said Mrs. Winthrop, gravely. " Thee cannot judge John's hurt of a woman. He would harm no one who is good." " But if one is wicked and desires to be good, and ia still judged only because one is wicked, how can yon hope for good results, Mamma Winthrop? Maybe this girl, whoever she is, was infected by the old tragedy atmosphere lurking in Paris," sug- gested Jessica, with a cold smile, "and believed that she would do good by some ill-vengeanoe like Brutus. We women are strange creatures, Jack. Men never understand us." " Especially Miss Jessica Gray," said John Win- throp, resolutely fighting down the fierce fire in his heart. " I gain fresh knowledge of you every day, Jessica." " You are auch a cynic that I wonder at your acknowledging even that, Jack," she said, lightly, still indolently toying with her spoon. " When- ever I hear of you in the world, it is that you scorn women generally." " No good, true woman," said Mrs. Winthrop, with roused spirit. "John would scorn no one, Jessica, who is worthy of respect. Thee should choose thy words more carefully, my dear." " And judge your guardian by his treatment of you, not of women generally," added John, quietly, rising from the table. " But"-they were all risen now, and Jessica, in her stately height, met levelly her guardian's eyes coolly and lazily-" if we go into society here, Jask, are we not likely to meet this girl ? It would not be specially pleasant, I should think, for you !" The flame blazed and flickered and died in Joh a Winthrop's eyes as he answered her, but no other betraying sign of emotion could she detect even with those alert eyes. " As I told you, Jessica, you are not capable of judging for any one," he said, coldly. " There is no reason why I should shun Beatrice Field. I have done her no wrong-nor any one, knowingly. I prefer that this subject should end here." " Oh, very well. As you say," said Jessica, lazily, with a shrug of her shoulders and a slight curve of scorn on the rose-leaf lips. " Only-I should rather like to meet this girl, Jack. She might sprinkle the spice into my life that I have so long lacked. It does not matter, I am sure, otherwise. The girl is nothing to me !" His lips shut tightly over this insinuation that the girl might be something to 7i«ii, but Jessica's face was so impassive and indolent that he turned away and left the room, uttering no word of acquiescence or denial. " But-we will see !" murmured Miss Jessica, lounging among the cushions of their carriage as they drove along the Champs Elysúes that after- noon, the pale-blue cushions harmonizing with her own pale beauty, BO that many eyes were turned upon her from passing carriages, sitting so care- lessly opposite the sweet old Quaker woman with her placid face ; the strong face of the man beside her strangely out of place, as though two fires of ill were set beside some mightly palm. " We can wait, my dear guardian, if so we will learn ; and then-" " I did not think," John was saying in quiet amusement, as he assisted his mother and ward to alight at their door, " that my ward was such a charming woman. Of course, being a woman, you did not fail to note tho admiration bestowed upon you this afternoon, Jessica. Allow me to congratu- late you." " You are kind," she said, languidly, " to compli- ment me BO prettily, Jack. I thank you." But, down in her heart, she had learned that it was only this one man whom she cared to please. She could not know, however, though «he shrewdly gamea, how the words of Beatrice Field rankled in John Winthrop's mind, cutting deep into the tissues of his heart, sorely wounding hi8 soul. Yet eren now he would not yield to the memory of Alecia's face and violet eyes and uplifted head as she stood before him pleading for her hus- band. Even yet he argued that her pride was not true or she would not BO defend her husband or ex. peet grace from the man whom he would defraud. Even yet he said that Alecia, Harold Graham's widow, was like all other women as to truth and purity of motive and honor. Still, was it not strange that with these unlovely traits arrayed against her, John Winthrop, her husband's enemy, should so resolutely persist in mingling with this memory the quiet lips that covered heart-suffering, the level eyes that betrayed a beautiful soul, the radiant, vanishing smile that transfoimed her face like sunlight? Still, always crowding down these gentler thoughts, for his heart and his will would struggle continually with bia pride-came back the low, sweetly modulated voice, and the frozen brilliance of her smile, at; she threw back to him her taunt in the doorway. Every word, clearly uttered, rang in his memory as at the moment she spoke. Cruel words, and unjust too, he always added, but-like a woman ? All these thoughts were come back to him, sitting in his room after the house was quiet. He could not Bleep or rest with those even, violet eyes and that proud, beautiful face, alive with smiling, intruding upon his stern determination to forget her. Every movement, every look, even every fold of her gown, returned to him more and more obsti- nately as he fought against them. He had never so been stirred by any woman ; ho did not love her ; he could not love her, for he had not seen her since her husband died, and his honour would never admit his loving another man's wife ; he did not hate her, either, even though he tried, for he could not hate her. But why was it that the memory of her was BO connected with his life that no day passed with- out this struggle between his heart and his will, but always, decide as he would to forget her, she would rise, like Aphrodite, beautiful, complete, from the foam of yesterday's determination, for his discomfiture ? "Still, it wasn't she!" he said, half angrily, half tenderly, sitting at his window, one leg crossed over the other, his hands clasped back of his head, staring out into the brilliant street. " She could not say it, and she would not, though her words were dagger-points that day. How proud she was, and how scornful, and yet so beautiful, without the loss of one atom of womanhood. But this was not Bhe. This was-' Beatrice Field, Alecia Graham's siBter !* "Well, why should I so torment myself about her or her sisters ! Shall I admit that she has power to keep sleep from my eyes ? I am weary enough, heaven knows, and I have done her no wrong. She shall not haunt me like an nnrestful ghost, for some murderous deed! I will sleep, Alocia Graham, in spite of your eyes or smile ! You retumbóme to-morrow, I understand, and so will not cross my path for many days-perhaps never !" And he resolutely went to bed and closed his eyes and slept by very force of will, crowding down his heart. But, strange contradiction of life, if so he trampled on his heart, calling it absurdity, why was it that he, among many others, haunted the station at St. Lazare, when he knew that the one woman who held power to rouse his soul for his de- feat was there to take the train to Dieppe, and so to Liverpool and- home ! Strange imbecility of the human heart, that moth-like haunts the candle's flame ! Strange magnetism of the Juggernaut wheels of fate, draw- ing in and under the souls to be tried through the mills of life, and ground fine and sifted ! But did John Winthrop dream that though the gay crowds and among so many faces one slender figure followed him and one fair face never deviated from its purpose, or the bright eyes lose him from among the waiting passengers ? "Oh, but I could learn to hate you, John Win- throp !" murmured the slender, watching woman, her eyes singling out his face always among the i many. "How I conld hate you-because of her !" 1 and her Jears, alert, heard, jjcarcely heeding the | words around her; but a fewout of these remaining in her memory, and her memory was good ! ! " Foolish Dick !" murmured a soft voice. A girl | with brown eyes and hair and a charming face was standing with her escort a little apart from the chatting group upon the platform. " To run away from his beloved art, and away down here from : Rome jnst for me ! And it was only last week that you called mo a wicked girl because I wouldn't-" " Well ?" There was a spice of persuasion in the man's deep voice. " Because you wouldn't what, Kathryn ? The completion of the sentence makes all the difference in the world !" " Oh, yes," said the girl, lightly, one hand, like a small bird, fluttering upon his arm. " But then you know I Biraply could not marry you so off-hand, Dick, and stay in Rome away from home-even for you!" " But you know whenever you do marry me you'll have to give up your old home anyway, Kathryn ; and when you know that I must remain here until the fall I should think-" "But you needn't think, you know!" retorted the wicked voice of Kathryn Franklin. " Besides, I havon't married you yet and maybe I never will, Dick Chester, so don't be such a bear and threaten what you will do then-when I am going away, too !" " It is your own fault that you are going away, please remember!" answered the man, half laughingly. "But you know you are to write regularly and dscently long letters, too, Miss Kate, or who knows but I may decide to break all other ties save art, and swear allegiance to that alone ! Wouldn't you always regret leaving me in this way, Kathryn Franklin ?" "Don't be abBurd, Dick !" protested Kathryn calmly, save for a threat of tears in her voice as the hour of departure drew near. "While you are in Rome- remember the adage-' Do as the Romans do 5' but when you go home to America-" "Why, when I go home to America," finished her lover, " I will do as as the Americans do. The idea is excellent, and I will act upon it at once by kissing you right here before everybody, Miss Kathryn !" " Don't be ridiculous, Dick !" murmured the pretty voice j and the listening woman waB about to turn away indifferently, when an exclamation in the same voice arrested her attention. " Hush ! There-look' ! If that isn't John Winthrop I'll why, I'll stay with you in Rome, Dick Chester! Over there-see P Hateful old thing, isn't he ? How I detest him ! What is ho here for, I wonder ? Jumbled by fate along with us going home ? My goodness ! I hope not ! How awkward that would be, indeed !" "Why would it be awkward?" questioned her companion ; and the listener leaned a trifle nearer to catch the words. " And who is John Winthrop, Kate Franklin P" " Ob, com« now, Diok, dear, don't be jealous and fly into B, passion ia a breath I" mi tho girl, laughing, as she clasped her hands upon his arm and lifted her fa» nearer bia. " Jost because I happen to speak of a mon, too! Yo« needn't be Jealous of him, I assure you. You wouldn't be, either, if you knew. I told you once, but men are» so forgetful. Beatrice !" She turned aside for a> moment, touching the arm of a girl near her. "Don't tell Alecia-it would only annoy her-bat look Ibehind yon, down toward the end of the plat- form. John Winthrop himself ! Just suppose they go on our steamer ! What wiîî-we do t" Beatrice Field, with the old flash in her eyes and now colour in her cheeks, obeyed Kathryn's direcs. tion. A curve of acorn came upon her lips. She drew herself up haughtily, answering her friend. " There is no doubt of its being John Winthrop," she said, coldly. " One could not easily forget him Kathryn-especially with our reason for remem- brance. If he goes on our steamer-I may be wicked, but I cannot help it-I hope that the boat will sink in mid-ocean, even though we sink, too ! There ! You look horrified, Mr. Chester, but I cannot help it. That man over there isn't fit te live ! He killed Alecia's husband just as truly as though ho had used pistol or knife? Can you blame me for hating him ? Think of the sorrow she has endured because of bim !" " Who i« he ?" persisted Bathryn's lover in an undertone, as Beatrice turned away to hide from them the passion of her face. And the woman listening bent nearer still, hold' ing her breath lest she fail to hear, clutching about her, shivering, the folds of her long, disguising mantle. The eyes behind the thick veil were glow- ing, and her lips were parted, the white teeth set close within. "Who is he?" repeated Kathryn, innocent oC any wrong intention, in her strong words to her friend, lifting her indignant eyes to his. He had drawn her back to his side, and they were quite alone in the midst of the crowd. "Have you for- gotten so soon, Dick, dear ? Before I marry you yon must learn to be patriotic and defend my friends, you know. Who is he? Why," Bhe turned her head as though she feared some breath of wind might spread the news to the ears of the man in the distance, her bright face peeping out beside her lover's shoulder like a flower, " he is the John Winthrop in the Palmer Earle case against Alecia's husband. He just the same as murdered him, you know !" " Ob, said her lover, his face darkening as though reflecting the girl's indignation. " YeB, I re» member, Kate ! Dence take him ! If I come across him I'll remind him of that, too !" But who of them all noticed the woman who stood almost touching them, shivering in her heavy mantle as though she were very old or Istricken by some violent disease ? (To 6« continued.) 