THE CASE OF LADY LCKESTAX. BY A. GALEHAI-HI. [Author of "The Spin of tho Coin,"&c.;] (Concluded.; I enquired if it were possible that in his absence any other clergyman could have been I pressed into the service. j "<^uite impossible," he replied. "If any ! priest could be found willing to commit such a breach of etiquette, he would certainly have informed me of it afterwards; and, in any case, the clerk would have been called." 1 said I should like to see the register, and Mr. Martyn led the way to the church. It stood, as Mits Ardilauu had said, on an eminence at some distance from the village, and was separated fjoin the vicarage by the entire length of the garden and churchyard. "Is this door always open':" I enquired, as ive entered the south por.-h. " Between matiiis and evec.'ong the church is open for private prajer, ih-jiigh," with a sigh, " my parishioners do nut often avail thf-mttlvcs of the privilege." We went up to tlie vestry. It was furnished with a tible, two chair?. & han^ini cupboard, and a ma?five irenbound chest of black'oak. Tho vicar took a bunch of keys from his pocket, st-leeted one of peculiar shape, unlock'd the chestj and produced the register. " We have not many marriages here," he said. " I have only solemnized two in the last six months; the last was in April." He turned to the place. There were two entries at the top of the page. The final date on the preceding leaf was for December 30. I made a minute examination of tho pages; then I glanced keenly at ciy companion. "Mr. Martyn," I said, " these two leaves are stuck together." " Impossible !" he answered. "Feel them," I rejoined. "This page is thicker than the rest, and the edges are not quite even at the bottom." He scrutinized the book, testing the substance of the paper between hii thumb and forefinger. "You are quite right,'" he saiJ quietly, " though I should never have noticed " Have you a knife?" I opened my penknife and very carefully inserted the thinnest blade. How the leaves had been secured it was impossible to say. There was not the slightest trace of mucillage on the edges of the paper, and the incision once made they parted easily. At the top of the left-hand page was the entry of a marriage beftveen Arthur Evelyn Lukestan, bachelor, and Panela Mary Ardilauu, spinster. The witness was William John Parker. " My God 1" The exclamation came from the vicar. His eyes were fixed on the register, and his face was white to the very lips. " What is it?" I asked in surprise. He pointed s.peechlessly to the fourth signature. It was written in a firm, very uncommon hand, "Cyprian George Martyn." "That is not your name, Mr. Martyn?" He faced me suddenly. " It is not," he answered; " it is that of my brother Cyprian, who died last October." I confess I felt horribly taken aback. Miss Ardilaun's admission that she had been acquainted with the younger Martyn, taken in connection with the other peculiar circumstances attending her marriage, gave rise in my mind to a very uncomfortable suspicion. I regarded my client with the sincerest admiration and sympathy. I was anxious to prove the validity of her claims and the truth of her statements; but I could not blind myself to the fact of her position being desperate, and I knew that a desperate woman is frequently unscrupulous. For a few seconds we remained 6ilent, each, I believe, suspecting the other's complicity in what was evidently a deep-laid plot; then I pulled myself together. " You say that is your brother's name, Mr. Martyn ; is it also bis handwriting?" "It is like it—very like it; but it can only be a forgery, since, as 1 told you, my brother is dead.'' I examined the entry carefully. " The particulars are filled in by the same hand, and it would not, I imagine, be an easy one to imitate. Had you seen this sienature during your brother's lifetime should you have any doubts as to its being genuine?" " If he were living, none." "I should like to compare it with an authenticated specimen of his writing, if you have one by you. I need not apologize for the trouble I am giving you, since you will understand that this is, to my client, a matter of life and death, or rather of what is more important than either to a woman, cf honour." " I understand that, and you will have any assistance I can render, but" He broke off abruptly, and proceeded to relock the chest. " We will carry the register up to the house. I have some, of my brother's letters there, which will serve your purpose." " Is the register usually kept here?" " Always." " And the key, have you more than one? I see it is of a very uncommon pattern." " So far as I know, there has never been a duplicate." " And it has not, to your knowledge, left your possession ?" " I am sure it has not. I carry it constantly about my person." Had you those keys with you on January " Yes, I am certain of it." " How, then, was it possible for any one to get at the register ?" "I cannot tell. It would appear impossible were it not for that extraordinary entry." "It would be impossible to tamper with that lock," I said, pointing to the coffer. " 1 should have thought so." We retraced our steps, the vicar carrying the register, which he placed on the table in his s*udy. He then produced a bundle of letters, selected two or three, which he glanced through and handed to me. We compared the signatures with that in the register. They were identical. t If a forgery it was tho work of an expert. No amateur could have counterfeited so perfectly tiiose singular characters. "Your brother's handwriting bears very little resemblance to yours," I remarked. Were you much alike in person?" " There was a family likeness, not, I think, very strong, but you can judge for yoursijlf. This is iny brother's photograph." -v He pointed to a massive silver frame which occupied the centre of the mantelpiece. I went over and studied the portrait. It was a large, three-quarter, platina-type of a tall, handsome man, apparently several years younger than the Vicar of Slumber-le-Wold. There was, as he had Baid. a family likeness between the two faces, but it was not remarkable, and no one could for a moment have mistaken one for the other. I returned to town sorely perplexed, drove straight to the Temple, where I had wired, requesting Roskill and, if possible, Miss Ardilaun, to wait for me, and told my story. Charley was furious. He made some very intemperate and highly absurd charges against the clergy in general and Mr. Martyn in particular, and declared himself as firmly convinced of Lady Lukestan's good faith as he was of his own. I ventured to suggest that in this case his ' convictions were of less moment than those of the Judge and Jury, and I doubted if any Judge would share the opinion he had so confidently expressed. For my part I could see only three possible solutions of the mystery— (1) That Martyn, who was the only person having access to the register, had for some private motive tried to suppress the fact of the marriage, in which case the accident and absence on January 23 was an invention, and could easily be disproved ; (2) That Lord Lukestan, finding the vicar absent, had obtained the service* either of another clergyman or some one personating the same and had gone through the marriage ceremony, by way of satisfying Miss Ardilaun's scruples; (3) That the story of the marriage was an entire fabrication, the last resource of a despairing woman, in which case it was impossible to account for the entry in the register. At this juncture Lady Lukestan was announced. She was dressed in deep, but not widow's, mourning, which became her admirably. She was certainly a very beautiful woman, and, looking into her clear blue eyes, it seemed impossible to doubt her integrity. I questioned her closely as to her previous statements, but she.never swerved a hair's breadth from her original story. I had brought with me a photograph of Mr. Lucian Martyn. and one of "his brother. She looked at the former, and failed to recognise it, though she thought there was something familiar in the expression. I then handed her the portrait of Cyprian Martyn. She gave an involuntary shudder. 14 That is the man who married us," she faid._ and laid the photograph face downwards on the table. "Are you quite sure," I urged, "that you are not making a mistake? The first psrtrait is that of th3 present vicar of Slumber-le-Wold —the other that of his brother, who, as you know, is dead." I shall never forget her expression at that moment—the mingled horror, fear, and repulsion written on her colourless face. "Then it was he !" fhe cried. "I knew it. My God, how horrible !" She made an uncertain step forward, stretching out both hands to Roskill with the sudden uncontrollable impulse of blind terror, and slid helplessly to the ground in a dead faint. I felt certain then of what I had suspected from the beginning, viz., that Miss Ardilaun knew more of the mystery than she bad chosen to confess, and I considered Bhe was treating us unfairly, for a lawyer cannot, any more than a physician, advise on an incomplete diagnosis. She bad voluntarily placed herself iu our bands, and she ought to have taken us unreservedly into her confidence. I found an opportunity of expressing these sentiments to Roskill before he escorted her nome, Mid advised him to try to get at the truth. She might speak freely to him. I was sure she bad not done so to me. The more I thought over the bearings of the case the more I questioned the expediency of taking it into Court. The whole weight of evidence told against the plaintiff. She could not produce a single witness to corroborate her story. That Lukestan intended to marry her there was no reasonable doubt: but the sole proof of the ceremony having taken place w.i- an entry in the parish register, which was manifestly a forgery. The only witness whose evidence would havecarried any weight, the valet Parker, was dead. It was the bare word of a woman, and a woman iu desperate straits, apainet the reason and common sense of the whole world. In my opinion Miss Ardilaun's widest coarse would be to keep quiet. Lady Catermaran was now lying in a state of semi-consciousness, and her decease could only be a question of days. Presumably she would have made some provision for her niece, and at herdei::ise Miss Ardilaun would be her own mistress. She might retire somewhere abroad, and her unhappy story need neier be given to the world. But to drag the case into Court Beeired to be absolutely courting publicity and shame. She might consider herself Lukestan's wife, but in the eyes of the law and of society »he was imply his mistret-s, and her child would be declared ilif-eitiinate. And then there remained the question, had s^lie 1 tally Ulievtd herself legally .uarried, or was her story only a lastdesperateexpodientto avert the consequences of 1 fatal error. The doubts in Miss Ardilaun's sincerity, v.hieb her presence invariably tended to dispel, hBd an awkward way of returning very forcibly when the magnetism of her personal influence was removed. Late in the afternoon Roskill returned. I saw at once that he had something to tell me. He threw his bat and gloves on the table, and began to pace restlessly up and down the room. "It is the most extraordinary case that ever has or will be heard," he said. " She has told you everything ?" "Yes." " Did the marriage ever take place, then ?"' He looked at me murderously. " You heard her say so, that ought to be proof enough for yon." It wasn't, but I did not attempt to argue the point. I enquired who had performed the ceremony. "The man whose name you saw in the register, Cyprian Martyn." "But he's teen dead for the last nine months," I objected. "How oould be reappear in the flesh to solemnize a marriage?" "I don't know," he answered, "how the devil works or by what laws he is bound. There are some things which cannot be explained. That brute—well, the man is dead,. and I won't abuse him, though, living and dead, he's behaved like a brute—got acquaintedwith Pam—Miss Ardilaun, fell in lore with her, and wanted to marry her. She refused him, whereupon he conducted himself in a manner for which his only excuse could be that he was insane at the time. He told her that she had ruined him body and soul, that he meant to have his revenge, and, if ever she married, he should marry her, if not to himself, then to another man. Then he went back to his parish, somewhere in Dorsetshire, and committed suicide." "Well," I said, "what has that to do with the Lukestan marriage?" '' Everything—the man kept hiB word. He did marry her to Lukestan. The poor girl bad a secret terror all the time that he had dune so, but the thing seemed so incredible that she fought it down and hoped against hope, until it was impossible to doubt any longer." I sat and stared at him blankly,- He was absolutely serious. " Do yoa really expect me to believe," I said at last, " that a man who has been dead 'for ' nine months could riee from his grave, assume bodily form and material clothing, go through • a form of prayer, extract a register from a locked chest, make that entry, and disappear - again into the limbo of the unknown ?"' "I don't expect anything. I tell-you facts." "Good heavens, Charley, you must be mad ! You can't believe such a monstrous • story !" " I believe it entirely. It is the onlv rational explanation of that entry." "Rational!" I echoed, contemptuously. " Yes, rational; for what do we know of the powers and limitations of what we are pleased to call spirits ? Nothing. On the other hand, is it reasonable to suppose that three people could obtain access, without a key aud without damaging the lock, to a secured chest, abstract the register, the whereabouts of which they were entirely ignorant, and make an entry in the name and handwriting of a dead man—a piece of penmanship, moreover, unrivalled in the annals of forgery? Surely the latter theory is as great a strain on your credulity as the former." \- " Take it into Court and see what they say toit there." "I intend to do so," he answered, quietly. " No solicitor will undertake the case." " If you mean that you won't I shall find Borne one who will, though I would much rather receive instructions from you than from a stranger." Then I gave tongue. For two hours I used every argument in my power. I stormed, I. persuaded, I believe I threatened, bat be remained quite unmoved. " It isn't the least use. Jack," he said, when. - at last I stopped, exhausted. "Legally and morally Pamela is Lukestan's widow, and I. mean to fight to the last gasp for her rights. If we succeed, eo much the better for her and her child. If we fail, well, we shall have done our best to vindicate truth and justice. In either case I may as well tell . you that I intend to make her my wife. Her aunt is not expected to live through the night. She will be alone in the - world then, and I shall marry her as soon as I decently can. I believe she has cared for me from the first," he added, softly, with the sublime and overweening credulity of a man who loves. I doubted it, but what was the use of saying so. Roskill's will has all through our joint lives dominated that of his weaker brother; and when a few days later I heard from Miss Ardilaun's lips the particulars of her extraordinary story, I succumbed to that personal influence which would subdue any man save • an incorruptible and unprejudioed judge. The long and short of it was that Roskill had his way, and in process of time the case of " Lukestan v. Lukestan and Others" came on for hearing. Miss Ardilaun's appearance - created a profound sensation in Court. She told her story simply and directly, and the most severe croes-examinatian failed to shake her in thesmallestdetaiL The fact of Lukestan's having taken out a - special licence, together with his letters (produced), proved he had desired to be, and believed he was, legally married. The evidence of the stationmaster at Gars tang, of the innkeeper from whom the trap was hired, of the - villagers who saw the party pass through Slumber-le-Wold, all confirmed their progressto Ithe very door of the Chnrch, but therestretched a gulf which no human witness could bridge. The personality of the officiating priest, the authorship of the entry in the register, alike remained an inexplicable mystery- It waB admitted on all hands that Roskill's speech was a model of -forensic rhetoric. He - surpassed the utmost expectations of those who had prophesied for him a brilliant future, and placed himself at once in the front rank of the Junior Bar. But no argument, however powerful, could bave convinced a dozen hard-headed, practical Englishmen of the possible existenoe of ghosts. They were called upon to decide whether Cyprian Martyn, being dead, had assumed his fleshly habit to solemnize a marriage which consigned the woman who had rejected him to ehameand obloquy, or whether, on the other hand, Pamela Ardilaun had, with the late Lord Lukestan and Parker, the valet, fraudulently obtained access to the parish register, and therein forced the entry of a hctitious roarriago-and the twelve giy>d men and true unhesitatingly decided against the Judgment was given for the defendant, with costss Ld Pamela Ardilaun left the Court a ruined woman. The slender fortune left her by her aunt was more than swallowed up by the expenses of the trial. Her fair fame was blasted; elie was branded before the world aa an impostor and an adventuress. Verily, if her story were true, Cyprian Martya had taken • a complete revenge. Yet the woman was not left utterly desolate.-. Through all stress of weather Roskill's love stood firm. He absolutely refused to be dismissed. He assumed the management of heraffairs, provided her with a home, -and procured the first medical advice when, broken down with anxiety and despair, her life huagtrembling in the balance. He followed to the grave the hapless infant, who lived jnst longenough to receive its father's baptismal names of Arthur Evelyn»*nd, finally, in spite of her repeated refusals to burden him with her wretched life, made her his wife. A vear after Lukestan's tragic death the tWo weie'married before the Registrar. Nothing would have induced either to risk * repetition, of the horrors of that other wedding, and as the law takes no cognisance ot dhoatE, . 6yprian Martyn's uneasy ppirit was unable to interfere in the civd ceremony which made «»•< Ardilaun CbadeyBoddUVi wfe. 