ALL present indications point to a better state of feeling in financial circles, and to an early subsidence of the unreasonable panic which has compelled so many solvent institutions to suspend payment. And it is evident that the measures which have been forced on the banks by the unexpected demand for moneys entrusted to them will in the end enable them to face any future storm of the kind in safety. All-those measures involve the creation of preference shares out of a proportion of the deposits, and the calling up of additional capital from the shareholders. The general result, therefore, will be that a much larger proportion of the advances made will be represented by the fixed capital of the bank, and a much smaller proportion by money deposited for short periods. Therefore any future panic which may cause a sudden demand for deposits will be more easily met, because it will affect a smaller share of a bank’s business. We can in this respect more safely take the affairs of the Commercial Bank to illustrate the position than those of any institution in which reconstruction is incomplete. That bank, at the date of the last balance-sheet prior to its suspension, had advanced to its clients £12,111,235, of which £11,948,237 was depositors’ money. Consequently, although its assets were practically about two and a half millions in excess of its liabilities, and although it held a disengaged balance in, coin, bullion, and Government Securities amounting to £1,134,291, after providing for notes and bills in circulation and floating debts, the withdrawal of a million by depositors brought it to a standstill. The immediate conversion of three millions of the deposits into preference shares, and the calling up of extra capital upon the ordinary shares, multiplies its working capital by five and leaves it at the proportion of one-half its total advances instead of one-tenth, which it was but recently. It is understood that the reconstruction of the National Bank to be proposed to-day will proceed upon similar lines. It will include the issue of preference shares, a proportion of which it is expected depositors will accept in lieu of a part of their claims, an extension of time for the return of deposits, provision for the immediate payment of small current balances, and for the gradual liquidation of the remainder. Upon these or similar proposals reconstruction must be based. The keystone of the position is commanded by the depositors, and the conversion of a portion of their claims into preferential shares is the only course that appears to be open at the moment. It must be acknowledged that considerable hardship will in this way be inflicted upon those depositors who have pressing and immediate need of their money. The only consolation that can be offered them is that it is far and away better than liquidation. There is also a strong probability that preferential shares in so safe and profitable a business as Australian banking has hitherto proved to the institutions in which they are concerned will soon stand at a premium, and enable them to realise to advantage. It is not to be denied that every depositor has an absolute right to his money the day the period for which it was deposited expires. It is equally undeniable that the banks only receive, depositors’ money to lend it out again, and can only at any time pay back a percentage of deposits without loss. This is obvious to the reader who pays any attention tion whatever to the returns. Leaving out fractions, it is seen that the original capital of the Victorian banks is over eleven millions, the deposits received above thirty-nine millions, and their total property about sixty millions, leaving them nearly twenty millions balance after paying all liabilities. But in round figures they have lent fifty millions of this money to the property holders, manufacturers, and business men of the colony, and are not therefore in a position to meet unexpected demands for the return of the whole capital at once. If the public have but common patience, the position is not only a secure, but a strong one; and that banking business will be a better investment than ever is another outcome of the situation. For though the employment of a larger proportion of proprietary capital and a smaller amount of deposits will lessen the apparent dividends paid upon shares, it will make them much safer as investments, since they will not so likely rise to extreme prices. The investor in the future will not only get very much the same rate of interest he now receives, but will have the additional advantage of knowing that he has paid no more for his shares than is actually invested in the business. Another advantage probably certain will be the real , association—not the deceptive sham we have lately had—of at least the purely Australian banks. They have learned the lesson that unity is strength, and if they are wise they will never again allow any bank which has a fair and reasonable security to fail for want of pecuniary support while they have any available money to advance. Two points the public have to remember. One is the absolute solvency of those institutions which we recently knew as the Associated Banks, and the other is the utter impossibility that any banking business should go on at all if all persons owning deposits suddenly insist upon withdrawal. With those points kept in view, re- construction should be easy and the present unfortunate panic soon become a thing of the past. \----------------------------------------------------- Two excellent suggestions have been put forward for facilitating land settlement. The first is that the Government should intimate its willingness to commute the agreements made with selectors by accepting their progress payments up to date as complete settlements for so much of the freehold as they will cover. By this means a man who had selected 320 acres, and had paid ten shillings per acre, would be able to relinquish half the land and obtain a freehold grant of the remainder. He would thus be free from further payment, would have a more manageable area to deal with, and would be able to devote the money intended for rent to improvements, while the land resigned, if allotted in small selections, would provide immediate homes for new settlers. The second suggestion is the formation of clearing trusts, which, by employing machinery and combining labor, could not only clear land at far less cost than the individual selector incurs, but could also afford work to large numbers of men in making the country fit for agricultural operations. These suggestions are, both of them, applicable to our present circumstances. The Acting-Governor pointed out at the Melbourne Town Hall meeting last Thursday, that the area of selection was much too large, that the selector’s efforts were often unequal to the task imposed upon him, and that selected land was sometimes unrecognisable until the rough fence or scarcely habitable hut was reached. He described with great force how, after working a short time, the selector found his recently cleared patch covered again by scrub, and grew discouraged. In this light it is a matter of regret that the Government should have decided to apportion the Mount Fatigue reserve, which is to be thrown open for selection at the end of the week in blocks of from fifty to a hundred and fifty acres. It would have been far better to have made forty acres the maximum area, and to have encouraged the selection of small allotments. The great aim should be to set selectors at work providing food for their families, which is best done by the careful cultivation of small areas. For the formation of clearing trusts some alteration of the Land Act is necessary to enable the Government not only to charge land with preliminary outlay, but also to classify it according to its value, as is done in New Zealand, and to charge it at various prices. Many a selector who now with difficulty pays £l6 per annum rent at a shilling per acre for 320 acres and remains hopelessly embarrassed, would become a comparatively rich man if he were paying the same rent for thirty or forty acres handed over to him in good condition, to become his own property at the expiration of his twenty years’ lease. \------------------------------------------------------ The Police Court proceedings against the directors and auditors of the Mercantile Bank, who were charged with conspiring to issue a false balance-sheet, came to a conclusion yesterday, when the majority of the bench acquitted all the defendants. Mr. M'Donald, J.P., however, expressed his conviction that a prima facie case had been made out against Sir Matthew Davies and Mr Millidge, and announced his intention of committing them for trial. Evidence on their behalf will be called on Monday. Our Melbourne correspondent, speaking of the magistrates' decision, says :—" The second charge against the defendants being postponed, the court adjourned and the discharged defendants left court amid a salvo of congratulations. Outside, however, the feeling was very different. Those who had gained admission were apparently all friends of the accused, and consisted in fact mainly of lawyers and business connections of the defendants. Outside the court there were evidently many sufferers, and these were not slow in expressing their disgust at the whole proceedings, giving Mr M'Donald, however, praise for his courage and firmness.” A sub-committee of the City Council met on Tuesday evening to discuss the question of retrenchment in connection with the salaries paid to the employees. The result of their deliberations will be found published in another column. The May sittings of the County Court were continued at the Supreme Courthouse yesterday, before his Honor Judge Gaunt. The first case heard was that in which Wm. Stephenson v Thos. Webb sought to obtain £35 for breach contract for cutting firewood. Plaintiff was represented by Mr. E. P. Wynne, while Mr. H. S. Barrett held the brief for defendant. A verdict was given in favor of defendant with costs. The suit, Dobbin v Collier, in which £20 was claimed for the alleged detention of cattle was settled out of court, and by consent a verdict was given for defendant without costs. Mr. H. Barrett and Mr. E. P. Wynne appeared for plaintiff and defendant respectively. There were a large number of visitors at at the Ballarat East Town Hall gardens yesterday afternoon. The splendid collection of chrysanthemums prepared by Mr. Edwards for exhibition at the flower show to be opened to-day at the Alfred Hall, were greatly admired, and many of the visitors expressed surprise at the size of many of the blooms. Those attending the show to-day should certainly make a point of inspecting the really fine flowers grown at the Barkly street gardens. The prize distribution in connection with the Diocesan Sunday School Association took place last evening at Christ Church Pro- Cathedral. A shortened form of evening service was held, after which the bishop, who was suffering from a very severe cold, delivered an address, taking as his text Acts viii., part of verses 30, 31, “ And Philip said, ' Understandest thou what thou readest?' And he said, ‘ How can I, except some man should guide me?'” Dr. Thornton dwelt on the necessity of the young people of the church learning to know their Bible. He said that it had been charged against the Church of England that it did not recognise the importance of teaching the young the Scriptures; but this was erroneous, and he could safely assert without fear of contradiction that no church in the world used so much of the Scriptures in their services as the Church of England. What was needed in order to know the Bible was not only reading, but guidance. It was the duty of the Church of Christ to help her children to know and understand the Scriptures. This could be done first and foremost by the ministers constantly teaching and expounding the Word of God. He himself owed much to sermons, many of which he had heard in his youth, and it was a mistake to think that sermons were thrown away upon young people. He also referred to the value of Bible classes, the Sunday school, and to the manuals which the church supplied to her young members. As regarded the examinations and prize giving, the speaker showed that they also played their part, for by the examination the weak parts were discovered and the deficiencies revealed. The address throughout was both interesting and practical, and was listened to with great attention by the congregation. At the conclusion of the address prizes consisting of books and certificates were distributed to the successful scholars by the bishop. An old lady in want of some warm clothing called at the Nazareth House a few days ago, and was given by the Sister Superior a petticoat, which is supposed to have belonged to a former inmate. The recipient found sown in the lining of the garment a deposit receipt for £750 on the Bank of New South Wales. The old lady took the receipt to Mr. W. O'Day, J. P., who will take the necessary steps to have it placed in the hands of the rightful owners. Prior to the opening of the County Court yesterday his Honor Judge Gaunt stated that all licencing cases in which the applicants for transfers were prepared to proceed would be dealt with at 12.30, when a sitting of the court would be held for that purpose. To deal with all other cases an adjourned sitting of the court would he held on Friday, the 12th inst. Mr. J. B. Pearson suggested that instead of making the court on the 12th inst. an adjournment of the present sitting, a new court should be held on that date, otherwise, he thought, questions might arise regarding the validity of notices of new applications. His Honor replied that under the special circumstances no objection would be accepted to notices, as the court would be an adjourned one, and not an original sitting. The following applications were granted yesterday:—Commercial hotel, Armstrong street, from Mary Lee to John Bones; British hotel, Doveton street, from Bridget Tierney to Bride Gargan; Plough and Harrow hotel, Mair street, from Catherine M'Dermott to Honora Lynch; Argyle hotel, Doveton street, from M. E. De Fraga to John Munro; Belle View hotel, Black Hill, from Marion Vickers to Frank Hede; Commercial hotel, Sebastopol, from Wm. N. Jones to Mary O’Brien; Millbrook hotel, Millbrook, from Thomas Keating to Robert Rice. The fire alarm that was fixed at the North Grant hotel, Bridge street, has now been removed to the temporary premises of the hotel in Peel street. When the new building is being erected the alarm will be a permanent fixture in the brick work, and will have several improvements, as well as being covered with a cedar polished door easily opened. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—Harry Walsh, Sebastopol, separation of the fifth costal cartilage, caused by a piece of timber falling on him; Margaret Collins, Ballarat East, lacerated wound on right arm, sustained by falling on a broken glass bottle; and Thomas Cooper, butcher, incised wound on the palm of the left hand, inflicted by a knife he was using. After the injuries had been attended to the sufferers in each case left the institution. A laborer named Joseph M'Mahon proceeded against a Linton publican named John J. Ryan, at the County Court yesterday to obtain £l00 damages for alleged false imprisonment. Mr. H. S. Barrett appeared for plaintiff, while defendant was represented by Mr. F. H. Tuthill. Constable Barry, the officer in charge of the Linton police station, stated that he arrested M'Mahon on the 23rd January of the present year on information supplied by Ryan. Plaintiff was subsequently brought before the court on a charge of having committed an assault upon defendant, and inflicting injuries on his horse. Joseph M'Mahon said that on the 23rd January he was at defendant's hotel, where he had several drinks. He did not assault Ryan, but merely defended himself from attack. Ryan threatened to strike him with a bar of iron. He did not injure the horse, but merely knocked against it accidentally. Daniel Honan said he was in M'Mahon’s company during the whole of the day in question. He did not see him strike the horse or assault defendant. Did not see M'Mahon pick up an axe or attempt to force open the front door. Did not hear him threaten to burn down the house. Mrs. Ryan did not appeal to him (witness) for protection, but asked him to take M'Mahon away. Mr. John Ryan said that when he returned home at about midday on the 23rd January plaintiff and Honan were in the hotel. The plaintiff called for drinks, and as he (witness) entered the room with them on a tray M'Mahon kicked them out of his hand and smashed the glasses. M'Mahon and his companion then rode away and returned about four hours later. The witness went into the yard where an argument arose about a bill between himself and Honan. M’Mahon went into the stable and commenced to beat his (witnesses) horse with a stirrup iron. He protested against the cruelty, whereupon M‘Mahon turned round and assaulted him. M‘Mahon was greatly excited and took an axe with which he threatened to chop down a large tank. He (witness) and his family were compelled to run inside and stay there until the two men left. Subsequently he saw the constable and had M’Mahon arrested. He signed the charge. Mrs. Elizabeth Ryan gave corroborative evidence. In delivering judgment, his Honor said there was not the slightest justification for the man’s arrest either by a private individual or a constable so long after the affray had taken place, seeing that no felony had been committed and nothing serious 'had occurred, more particularly as no warrant had been issued. He was surprised that Constable Barry, who had had so much experience, should have arrested M‘Mahon. The matter had been fully enquired into by a competent authority—Mr. Foster, P. M., who, in dismissing the charge, must have had very good reasons for so doing, and with these reasons he agreed. He therefore gave a verdict for plaintiff for £20 damages, with costs. The court then adjourned until 10 o’clock to day. A man named John Brown, 25 years of age, was arrested last evening by Constable M'Pherson on a charge of stealing 50 posts, valued at £l, the property of Mr. Wm. Crooke, of Warrenheip. The accused will be brought before the Ballarat East Police Court this morning to answer to the charge. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Public Library took place at that institution on Tuesday last. There were present Messrs Rehfisch (president), Robertson, King, Lakeland, Molloy, H. Salmon, M.B. et Ch.M.; Rev. Curzon- Siggers, M.A. (hon. secretary; and Mr. Trevor, librarian. As a result of the correspondence receivcd, it was decided to refuse the request of the Steiglitz Lihrary for a grant of books; to forward full information to another library desirous of modelling its management on the lines of this institution; to grant the request of the Masonic body with reference to an alteration in the gas supply contingent on the Library’s liability not exceeding 25s. The president and hon. secretary were appointed a sub- committee with power to act in order to arrange for banking facilities during the suspension of the L. and C. Bank, and to provide for a course of six lectures to be delivered by the hon. secretary, with the aid of the magic lantern, in the hall of the library during the winter months. The admission to the lectures will be absolutely free. The intention being to provide free lectures as a recreation for the public during the winter months. A vote of thanks was awarded to the publishers of Stone’s Otago and Southland Directory for presenting that work to the library; and to the president for presiding and for his services on various sub- committees. Two cases of alleged breaches of the Licensing Act will be called on at the Town Police Court this morning. A very small boy, named Fred. Smith, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with being a neglected child. The father of the boy stated that he had no control over the lad, who was always running away. Mr. Acheson, J.P., said it was a scandalous thing for a man to say he could not control a small child like the one before the court. The youthful prisoner was severely lectured, after which he was allowed to depart with his father. On the Sturt street door of the recently closed City Hall hotel was placed yesterday a placard bearing the following words:— “ Knocked out by local option.” Mayor Cooke and Messrs Acheson and Hunter, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. Joseph Gibbs, a quarry- man, was charged with stealing a quart of brandy and a decanter, valued at 15s, the property of Mrs. Jane Miller, of the Caledonian hotel. The defendant pleaded guilty, and stated that he was under the influence of liquor when he committed the offence. The bench imposed a sentence of seven days' imprisonment. Elizabeth Healy, a notorious female, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the premises of the Western Railway Station, The defendant was further charged with making use of obscene language. The cases were clearly proved by the evidence of Constable M’Kenzie and Railway Porter Congdon, and the defendant was fined 30s. or 14 days' imprisonment. An old woman named Margaret Noakes was charged with vagrancy. The defendant was remanded for a week, with a view to obtain her admission into the Benevolent Asylum. Three men were charged with drunkenness, but as they were all first offenders they were discharged. One of the trio had to pay 2s 6d cab hire. The only business transacted at the Town Police Court yesterday was the disposing of two persons who were arrested for drunkenness, and one debt case in which Mr. A. B. Cray appeared for the plaintiff. The magistrates in attendance were Messrs. Peady, Miller, King, and Josephs, J’s.P. The annual smoke night in connection with the Austral Cricket Club was held last night, at Phillips’, hotel. There was a large gathering of members and visitors from other clubs. The company sat down to an excellent repast prepared by Host Phillips. Mr. G. H. Marks, president, occupied the chair. After the usual loyal toasts the following were proposed and responded to; “The Austral Club,” “Captain and Officers,” “Kindred Clubs,” “The Press,” and the “Chairman.” The president presented the following trophies, and in doing so referred briefly to the individual merits of the recipients in the cricket field:—Gold medal to Mr. G. Shillito for best all-round play; gold medal to Mr. J. Patterson for batting and fielding; silver medal to Mr. J. Batchelor for best batting average; silver medal to Mr. J. Byers for be»t bowling average; silver medal to Mr. D. Kay for batting average; silver medal to Mr. J. Kay for. highest individual score ; travelling case to Mr. M. M'lnerney for batting; silver cruet to Mr. W. Hayes for fielding; silver medal to Mr. F. Feary for fielding, and a similar trophy to Mr. W. Hennah for batting, During the evening songs and recitations were ably rendered by Messrs. Gummow, Casserley, Twaits, J. Kay, Ryan, Gawne, Darling, Jenkinson, and Duffy. The energetic secretary, Mr. W. C. Gawne, was made the recipient of a handsomely framed group of photographs of the members of the club as a token of esteem and for valuable services he had rendered the club. A most enjoyable evening was spent. At the City Police Court yesterday a female lunatic was committed to the Ararat Asylum. The necessary certificates were signed by Drs. Whitcombe and Jordan. The course of winter evening sermons to be delivered at Christ Church Pro Cathedral, commencing on Sunday, 28th prox., has now been arranged. Amongst the clergy who will take part in the course are the Rev. Reginald Stephen, M.A. (vicar of Balwyn), Rev. C. E. Drought, M.A.; Rev. H. F. Tucker (Christ Church, South Yarra); Rev. J. F. Stretch, B.A., LL.B. (St. Andrew’s, Brighton); the Bishop of Melbourne; Rev. Canon Vance, D. D.; Rev. W. C. Pritchard, M.A. (St. Paul’s, Geelong); the Bishop of Ballarat, and Archdeacon Green, LL D. The subjects to be dealt with are all of vast importance and interest, and refer to some current questions of the time. Jacob Davies, who was last week arrested by Detective-Sergeant Charles, charged with the larceny of 21 sheep belonging to Mr. Thomas Thomas, of Bolwarrah, will be brought before the City Court this morning and remanded to appear at the Bungaree Police Court. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held last night at the Alfred Hall. Present—Mr. J. Cairns, vice- president (in the chair), Messrs. J. Ross, A. Kenny, R. W. Phillips, T. Mitchell, T. Rooney, R. Q. Dimsey, D. Laidlaw, S. Rennie, A. Barker, A. Fraser, T. Saunders, W. Rattray, W. Laidlaw, and F. J. Martell. Some final touches were given to the arrangements for the chrysanthemum show, which commences to-day and continues for two days. From the number of entries, which are much in excess of last year, an excellent show is assured, exhibitors hailing from as far as Hamilton and Adelaide. Four entries have been received for the society’s special prize of five guineas for 48 out blooms. These entries in themselves would constitute a small show, and from the known high repute of the competitors something very choice may be looked for. Mr. Rattray stated that he, Mr. J Edwards, and Mr. Nidachelm had acted as judges at the Hamilton Horticultural Society’s late show, that they had been very cordially received by the members of that society, and further that they (the judges) were highly pleased with tbe character of the exhibits. Some of the features of the Hamilton show, they thought, could with profit be imitated even by this society. Exhibits for the chrysanthemum show should be in the Alfred Hall to-day before 12 o’clock to be staged. Messrs. Ross and Dimsey acted as judges of exhibits, which were as follows: —Exhibited by F. Jones—Three quinces, These quinces are extremely well grown highly commended. A girl named Carrie Miller, 15 years of age, who had absconded from the Brookside Refuge, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Constable Serpell in Ballarat East. The escapee will be forwarded back to the institution by the first train this morning. There was a large attendance at the monthly meeting of the Welsh Band of Hope held in the schoolroom, Lydiard street last evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas Thomas, who delivered a stirring, and instructive address, during the course of which he urged upon his hearers to embrace the principles of total abstinence, to walk in the paths of sobriety and virtue, and to do all in their power to help the fallen and save the falling. A first-class programme of recitals and vocal and instrumental music was carried out by the Misses. Rees, Egan, Evans Lugg (2), Williams, and Hughes, and Messrs. W. Morgan, and Phil Murray. Each number was admirably given and loudly applauded, repetitions being frequently insisted upon. A vote of thanks was accorded the entertainer, on the motion of Mr. Poole seconded by Mr. Stewart. At the conclusion of the meeting a goodly number signed the pledge, and enrolled themselves as members of the band. Mr. George Ruffle, of the well-known firm of Stephens and Ruffle, legal managers and accountants, has been appointed manager pro tem. of the Prentice Freehold Company, vice his late partner, Mr. E. W. Stephens, deceased. A meeting of the League of the Cross was held at the Trades’ Hall last night, when there was a fair attendance. The chair was occupied by the president, the Rev. Father Harrington, The harmony of the evening consisted of songs and recitations by the Misses. Duggan, Carroll, and Griffin, and Mr. Desmond. The rev. president announced that during the coming fortnight there would be no meetings of the league in consequence of the renewal of the mission by the Redemptorist Fathers. Messrs. Coghlan, Naples, and Co., the well-known stock agents, were highly complimented yesterday by their many clients on the manner in which they provided for their convenience during the temporary closing of the banks. At the pig sale held at their yards yesterday the firm announced that they intended to conduct their business and sales as usual, and that their buyers could purchase and settle in the ordinary way. They had not considered the buyers only, but had provided for the convenience of their sellers a large quantity of gold, as cheques were not now negotiable, and would be pleased to pay in sovereigns. The arrangement was much appreciated; the sight of the golden coins gave satisfaction, and many found their way to the homes of our district farmers. Mr. James Wallace, transferred from Bendigo, commenced duty as cash clerk at the Ballarat West goods sheds yesterday. Mr. Hodges, who has been acting as relieving stationmaster in the place of Mr. F. Pearce, who has been absent since Friday last, owing to the death of one of his family, proceeds to Bendigo to-day and will occupy the position of cash clerk there. The trustees of the Buninyeng Cemetery met on Friday night last. Present—Messrs. Harvey (in the chair), Hedrick, Caffrey, and Greaves. The secretary reported that 18 funerals had taken place this year, four purchases of private graves, and one erection of kerbing. The receipts for last three months are £41 11s, the expenditure £32 10s 6d. The credit to current account is £29 17s 7d. The sexton reported having cut down three trees to clear ground as arranged. With respect to pollarding, it was thought advisable to leave that till spring. Some damage was occurring through overflow of water from Imperial Company. Other matters progressing satisfactorily.— Received; arranged that Mr. Harvey see the manager of the Imperial Company in reference to water overflow. The accounts were examined and confirmed, and the meeting closed. The South street Debating Society and the Catholic Young Men’s Society will meet in the New Hall, Skipton street, to-morrow night, to take part in a representative debate on “ Freetrade and Protection.” The meeting will be held in the large hall, and ladies and gentlemen will be admitted. It is intended to erect a tombstone at the grave of the late Rev. Father Brennan, of the Holy Ghost College, and all who wish to contribute towards the same are requested to forward their contributions to Mr. A. W. Hager, Bridge street, or Mr. P. J. Ryan, jun., Millbrook, before the 31st inst. Miss Mary E. Anning, the daughter of Mr. Anning, the verger at Christ Church Pro- Cathedral, at the recent examinations, obtained a certificate of competency as a State school teacher. The young lady was a pupil teacher at the Mount Pleasant State school. A stupid handbill was freely circulated in Sydney on Monday night with regard to the bank suspensions, in which it is stated that the crisis has been brought about for the purpose of unloading shares and other malign purposes, and that the Government are “in the swim.” In consequence of this (says the Age), the Government have offered £l00 reward for the arrest and conviction of the persons who “ unlawfully conspired to print and publish a malicious and defamatory handbill, with intent to excite alarm and distrust in the public mind, to defame the administration of government in this colony, and to injure certain banking institutions." The miners of the Burwood (N.S.W.) colliery held a special meeting on Monday afternoon, and decided to adhere to the terms of the general agreement on the question of day wages, and reject the proposals made at the conference held last Saturday. A special delegate meeting has been summoned to consider the situation. Mr. T. Cooper, writing to the Argus, proposes the formation of clearing trusts, which, he says, could clear land for less than half what it costs the individual selector, and would be the means of affording reproductive employment to hundreds of men for years to come, besides facilitating agricultural settlement, and accelerating its profitable operation. Speaking at a public meeting in Melbourne on Tuesday night, the Premier said, putting badinage aside, there were many lessons which we could learn from the Chinese. The cultivation of the soil occupied the front rank of Chinese industries, and that to us, with our rich country, was an example which we might well copy. While we saw men standing looking at 640 acres, not knowing how to produce anything from that area, we could see Chinamen raising enormous produce from a quarter of an acre. One trait for which the Chinese were to be strongly commended was in their reverence to parents, which had been a characteristic from generation to generation, and was the great family tie which bound China together. A great robbery has been committed at the cathedral at Mexico, jewellery valued at 100,000 dollars having been stolen. On the conclusion of the Presidents speech at the opening of the Chicago Exhibition a striking and remarkable manifestation of electrical power and mechanical ingenuity was given. The president pressed a button, and immediately the machinery in the exhibition was set going, the fountains began to play, the chimes were rung, flags were unfurled, and cannon boomed. The enormous audience united in singing the Hallelujah chorus while a grand transformation scene was exhibited. The Rev. Edward Spicer has been elected chairman of the Congregational Union in England for the ensuing year. The Metropolitan Board of Works on Tuesday discussed the question of subletting, when the chairman (Mr. Fitzgibbon) decended from his high horse. The board will hold a special meeting to-morrow to consider a proposal to be embodied in future contracts, providing that all labor engaged upon works shall be solely employed by contractors, and paid day wages, and any infringement of that clause will be deducted from payments due to the offending employer. Two fresh cases of smallpox have occurred at Perth, W.A., making eight since Saturday. At a meeting of the Brisbane Ministers' Union it was resolved that legislation should be asked for in the following directions:- The more strict enforcement of existing enactments having reference to postal arrangements and the prohibition of the sale of sweeps or betting tickets in the public streets or elsewhere; making the promotion or advertising of sweeps illegal, and also the advertising of all raffles of all kinds, whether for religious or any other purpose, illegal, also legislation for the suppression of the totalisator and of professional bookmaking on racecourses or other places. The shipping strike at Hull has had a prejudicial effect upon the trade of the port. The exports during the month of April decreased to the extent of 50,000 tons. At a meeting of the Council of Agricultural Education on Tuesday it was decided to ask the Government to select 15 families to be sent to the Framlingham reserve, near Warrnambool, to clear the land there of fallen and dead timber. Each family will be given a block to clear, and will be paid according to the work done. They will be supplied with tents and axes, and will be furnished with food at cost price, which will be deducted from their earnings. The American newspapers compliment New South Wales on the smartness and completeness of its court at the Chicago Exhibition. The exhibits of cereals, wines, and timbers are pronounced to be splendid. The junior officers of the Railway Department who may have the good fortune to be retained in the service at the end of the financial year will be paid their annual increments from the 1st of July next. These officers, unlike officers in other departments of the public service, have remained stationery so far as salary is concerned for the last two years. All officers receiving less than £l50 per annum are included in the term “junior officers.” The National Bank of Australasia has available assets in London amounting to £750,000, which will be sufficient to meet all the claims of depositors at that end for 18 months. Mr. Hobbs’ East Marden grapes, shipped by the R. M.S. Orizaba, have arrived in splendid condition, and have been sold at from 30s to 45s per barrel. The pomegranates are also in fine condition, and have realised 13s a case. The bulk of the Tasmanian apples by the same steamer have been sold at from 7s to lls a case. The Brisgolong grapes, by the same steamer, were in bad condition. The New South Wales railway returns for last week show a decrease of £ll,000, the revenue being last week £45,000, whilst for the corresponding week of last year the amount earned was £56,000. The Queensland revenue returns for the month of April show that the total revenue was £267,102, being an increase of £14,589 compared with April last year. The principal increase is in customs, amounting to £10,137. The railway receipts increased by £2244, the stamp duty by nearly £3000, and miscellaneous receipts by £5287. The land revenue shows a decrease of £4105. In the other branches of the revenue there is no material alteration. One of the recently-arrived settlers at the Koo wee-rup had a very unpleasant surprise on Saturday last (says the Argus correspondent). In digging up the ground near his place he came across a box containing the decomposed body of a fully developed infant. The police have been making enquiries that go to show that in February last a child was born at one of the swamp shanties, there being neither nurse nor doctor present. A nurse who subsequently arrived found the dead child in a bucket, the body being still warm. At the Bendigo Police Court on Tuesday, Constable Rosenbrook was fined £2, with £6 6s costs, for using insulting language towards the wife of a Chinaman. A charge of assault preferred against the constable was dismissed. Mr. Townshend, father of William Townshend, a late Sydney resident, who was recently arrested for firing a pistol in Downing street, and who on the strength of a document found upon him is suspected of having formed designs on Mr. Gladstone’s life, has published a letter in which he states that the latter charge is a cruel fabrication, and that the case against his son has been unjustifiably blackened. At a large meeting of members of the Anglican Church held at Wellington, N.Z., a resolution was passed requesting the synod to support the appointment of a colonial clergyman for the vacant bishopric of Wellington. The death of Jay Gould leaves only six millionaires in the United States—Vanderbilt, whose fortune is estimated at 68 millions sterling; Mackay, with 50 millions; J. P. Jones, with 24 millions; J. G. Bennett, of the Herald, with 10 millions; J. J. Astor, with eight millions; and W. Stewart, with the same. Welsmore and Lorillard, of New York; Munn, of Chicago; and Lyman and Perkins, of Boston, are believed to average about four millions each; and there are understood to be not less than a hundred persons in the States who are entitled to rank as millionaires in the English sense of the word. A little girl, aged 11 years, daughter of Mr B. Leach, stationmaster at Rutherglen, was run over by the train to Wahgunyah on Monday night, causing instantaneous death. She was playing with a kitten on the side of the line. The kitten got away from her and ran across the line, and the child in her endeavors to regain the kitten fell in front of the approaching train, which passed over her body. The authorities of the morgue in Paris have adopted a method of preserving the bodies brought to them for months, if need be, for the purpose of arriving finally at their identification. The bodies are preserved by freezing and keeping them in cold receptacles. They are frozen so hard that they ring almost like metal when struck and the features remain perfectly unchanged for a year or 18 months at least. Albert Manders, the well known sporting agent, has been charged at Albury, under the Suppression of Betting Houses Act, with having premises for conducting a sweep on a horse race. \------------------------------------------------------------- 