An Ode To Tiio Modern Walt. 'Tis a kind of mild gyration, 'Tis the " Military "Waltz A sort of marche futitbre, mixed With some very sudden halts, As your partner, vainly striving To revolve, is forced to stop ; And your manly aim is aching, And you're nearly fit to drop; While the moments are so melting, And you can't account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the "Fairy " of the ball Her weight is hut a trifle, If she steps upon the scale ; She looks so like a Zephyr That you crowd on every sail With a feeling of elation, With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour ; But a deadly drag is on you, And, alas ! your dream is false, For you find yon have to wrestle With the " Military Waltz !" This Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, Looking somewhat " ready-made " As they- zig-zag, slide and shuffle, Turn round twice, and then appear As if they "really had to stop," They felt " so very queer." Where is the old-time waltzing ? And the waltzers, where are they ? Here's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, "We'll try a turn for ' aifid-lang-syne :' '' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm ; Her form was somewhat solid. Yet her step was light as air ; As we floated round the room, T, Thus, apostrophised the fair : " This is the good old waltzing, Thus in the days of yore, Our steps beat time to th' music, On many a festive floor ; I could whirl for hours together, For your waltzing is just divine ; And you weigh like the ghost of a feather, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and none other Then she sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that' ' she waltzed like his mother ! 1 ' And he possibly spoke the truth. FRANK MORLEY What the Unskilled Applauds?!. —Let B woman whose sole gift lies m a voice cf unusual compass, force out the G or F of the lower octive until it becomes more like the groaning of an invalid than a musical tone, or let her squeak out the F in the third ledger line nntil it sounds as beautiful as the cry of a pet lap dog on whose toss some cse has stepped, and it will suffice to fill the hall with enthusiastic plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to sing the simplest melody without giving one the orampB, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian iceberg, will perhaps display a flexibility of voic3 to rival that of an instrument. When she sets up her fireworks and rockets in the form of scales, in sixteenths, and pierces one's -tympanum with her infernal trills, with awfol persistency and withont taking breath, we may rest assured that the barquet will spring up from its seat and howl in ecstacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or emphasis, let it be correct or false, bot at all events strikingly exaggerated, constitute all of the dramatic music ; that these qualities properly enjoy the priveleges of superseding beauty of tone, time and rythm ; that they fully suffice to replace the real contents, musical form, melody, tempo and key. To fill the exaggerated demands of such bom bastic, high flying, affected and conceited style, he assumes the right of taking un warranted liberties with most imgortani works. Yet, if he brings thiB eystem of play before a certain public, he may be assured that the most lively and honest cnthuiasm will reward him, because he has murdered a gnat master, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a oobl? paesion. The Public Letter Writer.— Tb3 . terirnn still exists in Rome, although with the spread of education and the public school his race is nearly run. This one feefc-rs us le ft fine-looking old man, with kindly ey<93 and benevolent expression, whicfrWins confidence . at once, both from the peasant girls .who? tomes to him to write a love letter, and from-, her husky swain as well, who also seeks1 his- aid, both to read Jhe letter and pen the reply. .. Italian letters are not like English ones, -fall - of news and personal items, but fervent epistles, replete wlm sion and sentiment and a plentiful eupplypf exclamation marks. Bat in the moment in Whioh we come upon:; the terivam. It is not with girl or lover that he is engaged, but ah old woman, seemingly, older even than himself, a veritable old witoh who, bent overhand with one hand helping her ear, ie listening with all the concentra tion while her old faculties are oapable of, while the tcrivano reads aloud to her the letter she had submitted to him. Who can realise how precious those written words may be to the listening woman far without doubt they tell her of her children far away, the boy or the girl or both, whom years ago she need to watch while at play in the square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant climes, are straggling to gain a;liveii- hoodineome strange land where all is in , bitter oontrast to the light and warmth of cara Roma." Field -marshal tile Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, spent all the early years of his life at Han over, where his father acted as Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. He is somewhat of a martinet, and speaks English with a very strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old man, with white hair and whiskers, an apoplectic neck, and a rubi cund face which shows traces of good living. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank,, and hearty. He is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company, and a nap after and even during bis meals. The only time when he had the opportunity of displaying his prowess on a battle-field was in the Crimea, where be showed great pluck personally, but lost bis head completely as a leader. He has bad many love-affairs, which culminated in a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown to society, but by whom he has bad a numerous family. Two of his sons, the Colonels Fitz-George, form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fitz-George, of the Royal Navy, has distinguished himself in the sister service. He is a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable Duchess of Cam bridge. He is very sensitive to newspaper criticism, and was recently much distressed at being lampooned for Laving appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep off the pelting rain. Prof- Fischer, of Erlangen, has discovered that the olfactory nerve is able to detect lbs presence of 1-2,760,000 of a grain of merer- p- tan. lf'mercaptan "is another name t>-r Yarra Yarra, the professor's discovery will surprise no one who is intimately ac quainted with the robust flavor of that " silvery stream." " The Water of the so-called medical lake j near Spokane is so charged with certain salts ; that it is like lye. and is used in making j soap. When the wind blows the waves soon , make soapsuds of the water, the froth, or . lather, piling in mi-;ses along the shore j Nevertheless, this is uo <; lie." j 