fbe seeking State. TUESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1893. BncEN'T movements in the literary and political world have brought into renewed prominence the rivalry between collectivism and individualism as principles of social existence. We have had our own New Australia. settlement, whose one defect in the opinion of many is that Australia itself ,\ya¿,not made the theatre of the experiment. 'Indeed an attempt is being made to set up an' imitation of the settlement in our own colony. To which may be added the efforts made for some time in the direction of com- munistic or co-operative farming in the Riverina, and the somewhat remarkable proposals of our own Government in the direction of co-operative settlement. But thought, as might be expected, has been busier than action, Apart from the works of professional economists, and from the fugitive articles of magazine writers, eminent litterateurs and clergymen have sought a solution of the problem. And the discussion has reached a stage at which it seems possible to present in short compass the results of the inquiry. That the individual or competitive system has tremendous disadvantages is universally admitted. It sinks a large proportion of the race into abject poverty, and keeps a yet larger proportion hovering on the border line. To honest work it adds the worry of ever-existing possibilities of coming evil. On the man most deserving of reward it often bestows the least, and reserves its favours for the undeserving. It debases the very notion of desert by attaching it to a class of capacities which have no moral value, and whose value for competitive purposes does in fact often lie in the neglect or denial of higher moral claims. Making as it does the securing of individual wealth the special object, because the most necessary object, of human effort, it recognises the wealthiest man as the greatest, and surrounds him with worshippers and flatterers blind to all that constitutes real worth. It invades the very sanctuary of religion with its distinc- tions and ambitions, debasing alike minister and people, and scarcely veiling the worship of Mammon in the professed worship of God. These are great evils. Assuming them to be inseparable from individualism, they pronounce its doom. Still the question remains whether on the substituted principle of collectivism we shall escape them, or avoid incurring others equally or even more baneful to the race. And here we have to make a distinction on which in fact the whole after discussion turns. Are we to regard this collectivism as operating on humanity as at present constituted, or as operating on humanity ennobled and sub- timated to ideal perfection ? It may be admitted that, if we were all we should be, collectivism would be both practicable and inevitable. But this must not be taken to mean that collectivism will make us all we should be. It is one thing to admit that it would succeed under certain conditions, and quite another thing to imagine that its very adoption is equivalent to the placing of those conditions. Yet this is the ever present confusion in socialistic thought. Because a high and noble type of manhood, such as that inculcated by Christianity, cares and toils alike for all men, and would accept and work effectively under a system which sinks the individual in the many, therefore, it is most illogically concluded, mankind as we know them now are fitted for and would be benefited by BUOII change of system. No- where, oddly enough, is this mistake so constantly made as by the men who have avowedly turned their backs on those specially ennobling influences, known as religion, which alone in the world's ex- periences bestow the character on which collectivism can flourish. The most amazing spectacle in modern society is the attitude which demands the ripest fruit of Christianity while virulently plying the axe upon its root. i The distinction thus taken is admirably illustrated by some recent books which agree on the desirableness of industrial reform, but differ as the poles on the methods of its accomplishment. One of these books, entitled "The Labour Movement," by Mr. L. T. Hobhouse, of Merton College, Oxford, would substitute a happy collectivism for a vicious individualism by force of law, and look to ordinary human motives to sustain it. The author has of course to face the question which makes the crux of com- munistic schemes. How shall we, under a system which insures to a man everything be needs-mothers him, as one has expressed it, all along his way through life insure that strenuous effort without which development is impossible and communism becomes the grave of progress ? To this question Mr. Hobhouse answers that the love of advancement, of social esteem, of work for its own sake, and of-our fellow men, remains. He does not seem to notice that withunohanged humanity we have these things now as much as we shall have them under another system, and that, therefore, the resultant of the elimination of pecuniary self-interest is purely a loss. Nor does he seem to see that for the most part he is still looking to self-interest in other forms, and luring men to communism by the retention of distinctions anti-communists. There are many who for social advance- ment and esteem would sell their souls as they would not do for money, and many more who value the money mainly because of the social distinction it secures. Is then the kingdom of socialism to be advanced by the retention of a passion more enslaving than that supposed to be escaped ? After | all Mr. Hobhouse confesses that no array of motives short of " devotion" will | stimulate the lazy and restrain the indul- I gent and as he has in his philosophy no source of devotion, he asks for law. Does anyone need to be told what must be the fate of a commune which attempts by legal compulsion to force itself to the necessary standard of unselfishness and atomistic zeal ? Other writers starting from the thought that such a standard must come from within, point to the regeneration of individual character as the first essential of a successful communism, and seek to direct the attention and efforts of Communists to the one influence operating in the world that bestows such regeneration. Dr. Washington Gladden, in his " Tools and the Man, or Property and Industry under the Christian Law the result of the &f; earlville Lecture- ship shows that this law contains the solu- tion of the social problem. Christianity, he argues, not only holds up before us a beautiful ideal, but it presents the only theory of industrial and social order which can be made to work. To the same purpose an English clergyman, the Rev. C. W. Stubbs, of Wavertree, in "Christ and Economics," shows that it is the moralisation of property that is wanted rather than its equalisation. Which is but to repeat that the influences which will render society perfect do not inhere in an economic system operating from without, but in moral changes operating from within. To what extent the evils of individualism itself would yield before such moral changes we do not here discuss, though we are sure that its bitterest enemy would be astonished at the result. But nothing can be more certain than that for the man or the body of men who, ignoring the need of inward change or the influences which produce it, think to build a successful communism on human nature as it is, or to mitigate the condition of mankind by such building, there remains profound and continuous disappointment. IF the finest ironclads can be destroyed almost in a moment by ramming the supremacy of England at sea might be only a matter of hours. So the Standard six weeks ago commented on the loss of the Victoria. The remark touches a point which so far as yet reported has been strangely overlooked in the proceedings of the court martial. That body seems to have dealt solely with the responsibility of the several commanders in giving and obeying the order which resulted in the collision. It is placed beyond doubt by the reluctant but unanimous testimony of his officers that Admiral Tryon ordered an evolution impossible in the circumstances, and that the collision occurred in the attempt to obey. Indeed the last words of the Admiral as he went down with the sinking ship avowed that it was all his fault. The question of responsibility of subordinate officers in obeying an order which in their judgment was almost inseparable from disaster is difficult and delicate and in effect the court shrunk from its decision. They expressed regret that Rear-Admiral Markham of the Camperdown had omitted to demand an explana- tion of the Admiral's signal ; but they considered it would be fatal to the best interests of the service to say that Captain Bourke of the Victoria was blameworthy in obeying the orders of his superior officer. The fact is that Markham did not obey till he was rebuked for his hesitancy, and Bourke remonstrated till he was ashamed. After that there was nothing for it but to obey, and to pipe the men to collision stations. The heroism both of officers and men in meeting their fate as they did will long be remembered to the honour of the navy. Instances of unselfish devotion reported by survivors, whose accounts now reach, us by mail show again that the best qualities of the British nation come out in moments of extremity. All this is most gratifying. If courage and devotion alone will support national greatness Great Britain will never drop from the supremacy of the sea. But are those qualities enough? For through all eulogy on the conduct of our sailors the question still forces itself, why did the Victoria go down ? She was rammed no doubt, and the road made by the rain must have been a terrible one. So overwhelming was the blow that the rain of the Camperdown, strengthened purposely for just such work, was sent by the collision. But the Victoria, like all large modern vessels, was built in water-tight compartments. Would any blow from a warship, striking, as it does, on one spot only, sink a great vessel with her bulkheads closed? And were they closed at the time of the collision? These are questions quite as relevant to the situation as. the conduct of the officers. Division into water-tight compartments is made for the purpose of preventing the sinking of a vessel under blow or collision from without. How then was it not prevented hero ? Statements reaching us by cable and by mail are in conflict on the important matter of the condition of the water-tight doors, and leave us uncertain whether they were open or closed. It is therefore the more disappointing to find that the court-martial have no information to give us on this most important point. Further news perhaps may show that they have not entirely overlooked it. Mean- while we are placed in the dilemma of supposing either that the device of water-tight bulkheads does not after all save a ship under collision, or that carelessness may leave the connecting doors open and the protective divisions useless at the very moment when the ship's salvation hangs on them. _ THOSE who know Great Britian as a land of unlimited moisture must feel that Nature has strange ways of expressing herself. The month which ushered in floods of portentous dimensions for Queensland saw the game of cross purposes begun in England with a drought whose like has never been chronicled in history. As the summer strode forward in the mother-country temperatures were recorded which made the phlegmatic Briton pant, and his crops are now conspicuous by their absence or scantiness. In the middle of June the thermometer was exercised to such an extent that London browned in a temperature of 87 deg. in the shade. This of itself does not seem so terrible on our side of the globe, and indeed did not break the record of the metropolis where deg. were registered on 26th June, 1878, but the lack of rain for three months had punished J everything terribly. The American who associates the fogs and gloom of the greatest city on earth with Artemus Ward's celebrated skit in which a photograph of the sun was taken that the humorist might not forget his lineaments altogether, would pause as the truth reached him. Four sunless days only have been observed at Westminster since the end of [ March, and a day without sunshine has been registered as an event. In the west of England all the crops were seen to be a failing at midsummer, and in some districts j the hay fields have belied their name by bare ridges or the ghost of green. In Bedfordshire the thermometer reached 90deg. in the shade and no rain had fallen since 1st March. Where orchards had made a promise in the South and West the fruit was falling off the trees and caterpillars had taken to the leaves in despair of ground food. The large towns at the date of the last English papers were put on short supply and in the rural districts a water famine seemed perilously near. The dryness had already extended over more than a hundred days without rain, and was twice the length of any drought since 1866. In 1844 there was a period of 105 dry days, but the results were nothing in comparison with the present. In most places lying to the south of a line joining Yarmouth with the Bristol Channel there had not fallen one-quarter of the average amount of rain since the beginning of March. Less than a fifth had fallen in other localities. One instance is given in which a lighted match! was carelessly thrown in some grass four miles from a Manor-house, and soon the country side was ablaze, as if American experiences were transferred to England. After the destruction of several outbuildings and cottages the fire was checked, but the incident is chronicled as sufficiently disastrous. On the Continent there has been a similar experience, and from Berlin comes the news that the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen had ordered four hundred of his feet to be shot owing to the lack of fodder. The import duties on a hay and other cattle food are so heavy in Germany that many of the States are murmuring because the Government do not face the situation by reducing the imposts. Public funds have been called upon to bear part of the burden in the purchase of fodder for the Fatherland. Taken in conjunction with our own almost simultaneous experiences of flood and untimely wet it can be been how phenomenally the atmospheric world has been disturbed. 