PRACTICAL JOKES AND JOKERS. Recently Mr. Labouciiere, the widely known mid in some quarters fervently- hated editor of Truth and Radical mem ber of the House of Commons, has been the subject of laborious and elaborate practi- cal jokes. Orders were sent m lus name to a umnber of London tradesmen for tho supply of various articles of use and con sumption. These included a marriage cake, a billiard table, carpets, beer, wines, and spirits from several firms, tons .upon tons of coal, and an immense variety of other things, many of which were delivered at his residence. Two hearses were ordered, each with two mourning coaches, but this part of the humorous scheme fell through because the undertakers sent to know how many men would be required to carry tlie body downstairs. An order for the cremation of the corpse was for warded to tho company which engages in such business, cabins for Mr. Laiiouchere were engaged in steamers for India and tho United States. Letters were sent on his behalf to physicians, who in reply inundated liim with prescriptions and advice. In Ms name a salmon was to be sent to Mr. Gladstone, a travelling bag to Mr. Asqumr, a Stilton cheese to Sir William IIarcodrt, and a haunch of venison to Sir George Trevelyan. From the hand of a mythical niece invitations were issued to Mr. John Redmond, lender of tlio Parnellite party, the Maharajah of Bhowngar, and a large number of pro minent persons holding divergent political views, to become Mr. Labouciiere's guests at races and parties. ' Altogether, this ctt'ort must bo regarded as one of the largest and most complex recent ell'orts of the practical joker. Its motive was plainly either the gratification of spite, or the senseless and sollish desire of finding enjoyment in the annoyance and per plexity of others. The footprints of the practical joker are to be found all over the pages of social history, and very often leading to serious trouble or sad consequences. There was a period when life in London, or any ot tho chief English cities, was filled with terror and annoyance to common citizens in order that "men of parts,'' " wits," and "young bloods" might enjoy themselves. Sometimes their pranks were dull, hurtful, and vicious, merely the tricks of British larrikinism on the ram page. But there was a school of practical jokers, of whom Theodore Hook was the incomparable head, whose impositions upon others were often intensely amusing without being very unpleasant to the subjects of thom. Who docs not remem ber, for instance, how tho brilliant humorist used to force his way on some plea into a bewildered alderman's house, dazzle and mesmerise everybody with his extemporisation and abandon of gaiety, and ultimately disclose himself ami con fess his subterfuge 1 Yet Hook once per petrated a hoax of the Labouciiere kind which involved much heavier preparation, and resulted much more seriously. So immense was the conception that tho chief conspirator and Ms two accomplices spent six weeks in writing letters, of which on a given date more than four thousand were sent out. To tho house of a lady of means living in Berners-street, thousands of persons were invited on various pretexts. Sweeps, butchers, bakers, tradesmen of all kinds, armies of vehicles laden with multitudinous goods, professors of music, languages, and of everything else, Mocked the whole street. By a cunning use of family secrets known to Hook, and other means, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Mayor, the Governor of the Bank of England, the ( 'haimmn of the East India Com pany, and hundreds of n some what lower social grade, were imposed upon. Unspeakable chaos prevailed ; all London came to look and laugh at what was probably the most heterogeneous and extraordinary assemblage ever brought together. Business was entirely sus pended in that quarter of the town, much movable property was destroyed, dozens of ferocious lights took place, and IIook> who was watching from an opposite win dow, enjoyed himself immensely. The unfortunate lady, the chiet object and centre of the "joke," was driven to the verge of insanity, and many important personages made beside them selves with rage at being turned into food for public mirth. Heavy rewards were offered tor the discovery and conviction of tho perpetrator, hut although Hook was strongly suspected, lie and Ms allies escaped. Sometimes the practical joker is very completely hoist with Ms own petard, and few of the species can bear the chagrin of such an experience with equanimity Amongthe most modern and comparatively harmless developments of the mania is the "surprise party," which, when due notice of it lias not been given to those, to be surprised, sometimes works in the oiiDositc direction, and with melancholy results. Not long ago a paragraph went the rounds of the Australian press concerning the experiences of such a party. They set out laden with provisions, plate, and all the requirements for a festive evening, to the residence of an acquaintance, who did not know of their in tcntion. They enjoyed themselves, entertained a disturbed and absent-minded host, anil were about to puck up their movables and depart, when a stranger appeared 011 the scene, and, in Ms capacity as bailiff', seized everything ! Tiie most baleful form of a practice, at all times mean and dangerous, is that of which the object is to cause fear. Many a time the reason of a man or woman has been unhinged, by some practical joker playing the ghost, or doing something to scare and terrify Ms victim. Many a time, too, lias such a joker been beaten black and blue as a preliminary to being cooled in a horse- pond, as upon all occasions lie should be. One of the most pathetic stories of the tragedy of misguided practical joking ever penned is embodied in one of Mark Twain's Rhine legends. A young student, his mind filled with superstitious half- belief in the tradition tlint anyone who sleeps in a certain room of an old castle will not awake for a century, is shamed by tho badinage of Ms affianced into passing one night there. In her innocent merriment she lias old worm- eaten hangings and faded furniture placed in the room when lie is asleep, and when" lie awakes strange menj in strange attire, meet Mm, and profess to have heard only as dim traditions tlio names of those he asks for. When this has gone on for a while the laughing girl comes forward to ask Ms forgiveness. All at once her laughter ceases. He does not know her, and through the rest of her life a heart-, broken woman weeps for a maniac, to whom all lie knew and loved are long dead. How many tragedies of real life, almost as touching, have resulted from practical jokes that meant no harm? 