Wilmington Races. ANNUAL MEETING. (By our own correspondent.) The above, the lest race meeting of the season in this district, came off on Tuesday last at Beautiful Valley, under the auspices of the local Jockey Club. The weather was everything thst could have been desired—beautifully fine and the sun not too strong, with a clear, bracing atmosphere. The conrse selected was very prettily situated, only about one mile from Wilmington township, and near the banks of s gum-lined creek, where plenty of water was easily obtainable for " man and beast," while the grassy slopes made soft and bright by nature's efforts were largely availed of by those present, especially so by the ladies and children, and this tended to make the scene one of gay bustle and harmony—combined with serenity and picturesqeness in places—as all Beemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves and be in keeping with the beautiful surroundings which the season had so lavishly bestowed. The course, in appearance, was " a picture," and made picturesque in its loveliness by the pretty faces of the ladies and the gay colors of the dresses that were to be seen occasionally promenading " on the lawn 1 " So much cannot be said of the actual racing course, which was somewhat stony in one place and boggy in another —making it very severe on the " bloods," in fact it put to the test the very bLSt powers of pluck and endurance of the contesting equines, as well as their riders, to negotiate the track without mishap t —especially in the two-mile handicap and hurdles where the whole extent of ground had to be covered. The course, by the way, is one mile eleven and a half chains in circumference, and, in oiy opinion, it would have been better had the stony rise been left out and the distance thus shortened. In all two mile races it would give more satisfaction to lookers on if the course could be so arranged, with the turnF not too sharp, and so that the horses should pass the judge's stand twice ; a quarter of a mile " straight" for a finish would be ample ; as, when a course is too deep, the respective horsc-s are lost to view of the spectators. While referring to this matter, I shoulu like to say that the Wilmington Jockey Club cannot too soon begin to cast about and decide upon selecting a suitable site for a racecourse, which they might obtain from Government as a reserve for recreation and racing purposes. On that they could then make some permanent improvements, and such as are necessary on all racecourses for large gatherings of people. This year the races were held on ground some little distance from the place of last year's meeting, and it may happen that, unless a fixed site is eventually determined upon, Bome visitors, after travelling possibly a long distance, may miss a race or two before they get on the right track. I should gness there must have been between six and seven hundred people on the ground ; Wilmington and surrounding district, to judge by the great number vehicles and horsemen present, was, course, well represented ; whilst Quorn, Ha uinond, and Port Augusta were kept remembrance by several notables from either place. The Wilmington Brass Band enlivened the proceedings at interals during the day. Mr W. A. Jones (late of Quorn, but now of Wilmington llotel) catered for the wants of the thirsty, and his refreshment bar kept the genial " Billy" and bis attendants going pretty lively during the greater part oi the day—the qualities of the liquors dispensed being evidently of such a wholesome kind that there was not the semblance of a " drank" to be seen on the ground, or off, for that matter. A firstclass cold lunch, &e.;, was also obtainable moderate charge, the table being largely attended. The customary concomitants of a race meeting were there, but neither the " bookies" nor the pursetrick men appeared to do heavy business. £312 10s only passed through the totalizator, which was under the able management of Messrs Spicer and Seagrim. Mr Dan Magee, the bon. sec., also acted as clerk of the scales, and was kept basy with bis multifarious duties ; Mr G. F. Schultz was clerk of the course, while Mr Dunn (in the absence ot Mr E. P. Dignan) acted as starter, and got bi fields away fairly well. The " Maidens" were late in getting a start, but time was afterwards gained during the afternoon. The judge (Mr W. Slee) had no great difficulty in making his awards, while the stewards generally made light of their work and responsibilities. I would, however, respectfully suggest that prior to next meeting a large black-board (whereto notify scratchings and winners) mounted in a conspicuous place, should be provided; as also a set of numbered saddle- cloths for the horses, as it is next to impossible for the great bulk of nonhorsey folk to distinguish one bay horse from another, or a bay maro from a brown one, where the colors of the riders are often very similar, or not strictly adhered to. Prominent figures in the tote., denoting the numbers of the various horses running; a level staging (say by 3) whereon to measure ponies provision for weighing in and out where scales could not possibly be crowded, and the appointment of an official time-keeper, would also be an advantage, I should like to give the committee a jar" for erecting a fence, topped with barbed wire, on either side of " th straight" by the judge's stand, but . refrain. The scratchings in most of the races were disappointing to many. The raciDg on the whole was good, and gave general satisfaction, but ihe race of the day waB a disappointment to all backers in the event ' bar one," and that one a Quorn lady (Mrs J. N. Williams), who backed " Lady" in the Tote, and got the only dividend. The race I refer to was named the "Hack Race," but strange to say was contested by race horses—bar none—or e rather, it may be more correct to Bay none were barred" by the stewards, " The best race of the day !" •« What field ! " and (at the finish)—" What surprise !"—Dividend only £33 6s. Thus ended a splendid day's sport, and glorions day's outing. Herewith I append the results of each event:— MAIDEN PLATE. Of 10 sovs. First horse, 8 sovs.; second horse, 2 sovs. Weight for age. One mile. Mr J. Brown's b.m. Banshee, 6yrs. 86t 121b (H. Brown) Mr C. Neindorf's c.m. Cassandra, sged, 8st 121b (Owner) Mr W. A. Jones' b.g. Banana, 5 or 6 years, Sst alb (Jnskin) Other starters—Heslee, The Speaker Yorick, Encounter, Raiscal,;Grace Darling, and Ivy. Lady Grey and Thelnpa were scratched. After a ratijer bad start it was impossible to tell who had the best of it till entering the straight, when it was seen that Banshee had the lead, followed closely by Cassandra, with Banana well np, the others strung out t and thos they passed the judge's stand. The betting was even the field, while the Totalizator carried 13 on Banshee, 3 Cassandra, 3 Banana, 17 Heslee, 12 The Speaker, 4 Yorick, 0 Encounter, 22 Bases 1 Grace Darling, 0 Ivy; total 75 Dividend—£2 13s. FLYING HANDICAP. Of 15 SOVB. First horse, 12 sovs.; second horee, 3 soys. Three-quarters of a mile. For this race there were only three starters; The Dake, D&rgU;, end Lady having been scratched. After two false starts they got away, Burlesque behind, the rest all together. Czarowitch speedily went to the front and led for three parts of the distance, coming in hard held an easy winner, a length ahead of Burlesque ; True Briton a long way behind. Mr W. Payne's b.g. Czarowitch, aged, 7st 41b (Burke) 1 Mr £. Fuller's br.m. Burlesque, 4yrs. Sst 121b (Joskin) 2 Mr C. H. Hakendorf's br.h. True Briton, 8st 121b (Schluse) Betting—2 to 1 True Briton, even on Burlesque and Czarowitch. 92 in the Totalizator. Dividend—18s. HANDICAP HURDLES. Of 25 eov6. First horse 20 sovs.; second horse, o sovs. The winner of any hurdle race (after the declaration of weights) to carry 5 lb. extra, or of two or more such races, 10 lb extra. Penalties not cumulative. Two miles. Mr C. Williams' g.g. Sky Pilot, aged, lOst 31b (Dodson) 1 Mr S. Manning's g.b. Archie, aged, 9st... 2 Mr W. Finlay's g.m. Vita, aged, 9st 61b... 3 Other starters—Ivanhoe, Sir Joseph, Mercy II, and Evergreen. Mr V. Tanner's Inferno was scratched. The seven got away to a good start and all cleared the first hurdle; at the second, however, Ivanhoe refused the jump ; passing the judge's stand Evergreen and Sky Pilot were leading. The next hurdle had to be taken rising the hill and, consequently, was a most difficult jump ; all, however, but Ivanhoe, who hsd evidently got into trouble by slipping and baulking, cleared the worst jump and were sailing along merrily and pretty close together. Another hurdle was then safely negotiated by Evergreen, Sky Pilot, Vita and Archie in order named, with Sir Joseph and Mercy close behind them. Evergreen, at the hurdle opposite the stand, cleared it "like bird," but on " touching bottom" came a purler—she must have missed ber footing slipped however, both horse and rider rolled on the soft sward for a second or so but were again soon on their pins. The jockey (Joskin) very pluckily "went for" the mare, but she didn't stop, and was thus out of the race, for she cleared the wire fence enclosing the racing paddock and made tracks most probably for ber stable. Had Joskin been able to re-mount quickly he would have had a bare chance of winning, hut bad no accident happened the race must have been " a moral" to Evergreen —though some said she had a bad habit of carrying her nose too high in the air. After the mishap, Sky Pilot and Archie were racing well together and took the last two hurdles, under the whip, both horses jumping well together. Sky Pilot won a grand race most pluckily and gamely finished by a short neck from Archie, with Vita nearly 50 yards behind. Then came Sir Joseph, and Mercy II tailed in with Ivanhoe last. The betting was 2 to 1 the field, Evergreen or Sky Pilot, 5 to 1 Archie or Ivanhoe. Sky Pilot and Evergreen were the favorites in the tote, with 43 and 41 on respectively. Total on totalizator 131; dividend £1 8s; WILMINGTON HANDICAP. Of 40 60vs. First horse, 35 sovs j second horse, 5 sovs. The winner of any handicap flat race (after the declaration of weights) of the value of 20 sovs. to carry 5 lb. extra, or of two or more such races, 7 lb. extra. Penalties not cumulative. Two miles. For this race The Duke was made a hot favorite and justified his backers. Corio, Inferno and Triplet were scratched, leaving it to the four starters as under :— Mr C. Smith's b.g. The Duke, 6VTS. 8st 91b (Foon) ... 1 Mr Cr Williams' blk.m. Lady Love, Byrs. 7st 101b 2 Mr W. Payne's br.m. Norma, fiyrs. or aged, 8st 71b 3 Mr C, H. Hakendorf's br.h. True Briton, aged, 7st 121b 4 This was a splendid race, to a good start, the four kept bunched together for long distance. Passing the stand the first time round, True Briton and Lady Love were in the lead, The Duke, however, soon collared them, and Briton fell to the rear of the others ; Lady Love came strongly for a time; entering the straight tbey were all under the whip, but Foon won a grand race by nearly two lengths, with about similar distances between the others. s Betting—3 to 1 bar one, 7 to 4 The Duke, 3 to 1 Lady Love and Norma, to 1 Briton. 203 on the totalizator; dividend 16s. HANDICAP PONY BACE, Of 10 sovs. First horse, 8 sovs.; second horse, 2 sovs. For ponies 14h. 1 in. and under. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr H. Pearce's b.m. Not Yet, aged, 8st... 1 Mr E. Fuller's blk.m. Cinderella, aged, Sst 101b 2 Mr H. Nail's c.f. Swiss Girl, 2vrs. 7st 41b 3 Mr F. Carrig's c.m. Dorothy, 3yrs. 8st 71b 4 Cassandra and Glenorchy were scratched. This was a take in to many, aB the favorite (Cinderalla with Joskin up), was badly beaten by Not Yet. To a rather bad start Cinderetla and Not Yet got away well together, then the latter forged ahead and had it all her own way, winning easily, followed by Cinderella, Swiss Girl and Dorothy in the order named. 52 on the tote, dividend, £3 8s. HACK RACE Of 8 sovs. First horse, 6 sovs.; second horse, 2 sovs. Weight not less than ? etone. Horses to be approved by the Stewards, Entrance, 8s. Post entry. One mile. Mr W. Finlay's c.m. Lady, (T. Finlay) ... 1 Mr S. Manning's b.g. Heslee, 5 or 6 yrs... 2 Mr W. Payne's g.pa. Lady Grey, 4 or 5 yrs 3 The other starters were Cassandra, Crawfish, Tuelma, Banshee, Sunlight, Profit, Lucifer, and Ivanhoe; thus making a field of eleven. A good start was effected by Mr Dunn ; at about the half distance it was seen that Lady Grey (the favorite) was leading on a tight rein; she kept her lead till Reaching the boggy part of the course, where she lost ground, and here two others (Lady and Heslee) who had been close to her heels were more fortunate, got the lead, and kept their respective positions along the straight to the judge's stand and were declared the winners, there being only about half-a-lengtb distance between each of the first three; the others tailing in close behind in a bunch. It was splendid race and ^ell ridden; the strange pa^t of it being that the owner of the winner (Mr W. Finlay) thinking she did not have the " ghost of a show" —as he afterwards expressed himself— had not backed his mare for a sixpence, and thus the only backer of " Lady" *ras the lady who "scooped ^he pool" of £33 6B—this being the dividend in the totalizator. Betting—even money Lady Grey, who had 30 supporters out of 72 in the tote, and 10 to 1 bar one, on the others. At the conclusion of the official pro gramme a private match—one mile—was then run off between ponies—Mr Slee's Encounter and Mr George's Ivy, vflbich resulted in an easy win for tho former. A good meeting was concluded in good time and those from a distance made speedy tracks for bome ; others, who had decided to stay the night, were regaled at the respective " pubs." of Wilmington and " the Valley" with a sumptuous race dinner. Your representative (along with several other friends) having selected Mr F. Kruse's hosterly as bis place of stay, was, materially assisted by the bracing air of tit country, enabled to do fall justice to roast turkey, etc., served up in fiirst-class style. For the information of future intending visitors, it may be well to remark that the distance of Fort Augusta from Wilmiog ton is about 25 miles, and with a good nag can be done comfortably in about four hours: the romantic Bcenery of Horrock's Pass well re-paying the trip, more especially on the home journey, when the view of Spencer's Gulf, in the distance, iB well worth seeing. Shonld refreshments and "Bpell oh" be called for they can be obtained at the half-way-house of Mr Lillywhite—the Swinden Hotel—which is 15$ miles from the Port. Quorn and Hammond are somewhat similarly distanced as from Port AngnBta. In concluding onr reports of racemeetingB in the district, we take this opportunity of referring to an ommission in the report of the Port Augusta Races, which was published in our last issue, viz., that Mr H. S. Nell, who had control of the " machine," passed through the totalizator no leBS a sum than £1,175 without mistake—" honor to whom honor is due." 