LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. [WRITTEN AND LLLTJSTBAXED BY HA_RET FOBNISS.] T , . . , London. Jane 16. Is Mr. Gladstone to bo gagged ? The senior member for Northampton and the member for Barlcshire, better known as Toby, M.P., aB well as other Gladstonians, Mem to think the'Premier IB too voluble. In fact, he is his own obstructionist, and they move the closure upon him. In their opinion he ought to leave more work to ma lieutenants; but, as I remarked before, the Home Rule Bill is a one-part play, and when the chief actor leaves the stage the action ceases and the piece is in jeopardy. It is a tremendous imdertaking for so old a man, and in that fact lies the interest. JJake him out of it for a month, and Home Rule ie lost for this session. All the Committee-rooms would bB occupied by the separate parties, holding meetings to Aonnder their differences and resignations and various squabbles. It is sad to see the Grand Ola Man fighting einglehanded, bat there is no help for it, and gaggine him M an impossibility. . Madame Calv6 in " Carmen" at the opera is a musical and an artistic triumph. If ever that gifted lady should lose her beautifol singing voice I would propose her having " Carmen" adapted as a play, and a good play too it would make. She would certainly take the town by storm by her finished acting alone IH go further in my dreadful suggestion and say, if she lost her voice altogether, she could act "Carmen" in dumb show a la "L'Enfant Prodigue," and still fill the theatre, BO graceful and perfect is her acting. Add to it her voice, and you have a treat seldom, if ever, rivalled upon the operatic stage. Sitting the other night in a crowded house, listening to this charming opera, [ asked myself a question I have failed to answer. ° Why does the majority of London society goto the opera ? Not to heat the music—they talk to each other ; not to see the performance—they look at each other. Yet surely not to talk and see each other, for they do that in a dozen places during the day and night. It a duty, I suppose. f * caite. pleasure. By-the-way, the array of diamonds at the opera this season is greater than ever : —and yet no one has any money ! The mashers are wearing gloves in the theatre again, and black waistcoats in place of white ; indeed, the white waistcoats with evening dress are doomed. It was customary for guests dining at Marlborough House to don this article, but this fashion has recently been altered. When one "Saw'.two or three men-in a London dab late in the evening in white waistcoats it was well known where they had dined ; therefore, those who were not in the habit of knocking at Marlborough House door, butofhaving a quiet chop, sported these distincuiahing garments. It is only to be known that the Prince has returned to the orthodox black for the white waistcoat to vanish entirely. Everyone is familiar with the astraehan waistcoat of Lord Salisbury, and that part of the raiment of the ex-Chairman of Committees, Mr. Courtney, was a thing of beauty yellow, with brass buttons. Mr. Lucy has devoted several pages of his " Diary of the Salisbury Parliament" to the late Joseph Biggar's waistcoat, and all that were present during the baiting of the unfortunate W. E. Forster, when Chief Secretary for Ireland, by the Irish members, will not readily forget bis aggressive waistcoat of extraordinary pattern, which bulged out in gorgeous array and quelled his adversaries. The death of the great American tragedian is deeply felt in the theatrical world of London, as the pretty and pathetic cablegram from Irving and others to Clement Scott testified. Booth had made a host of friends during his two years in this country, and a legion of admirers by his grand Shaksperian impersonations. I was speakuig to him in New York about a year ago. He was seated in hiB favourite armchair by the fireplace in the large room of the "Players' Club," close to his own portrait, painted by Sergeant. HiB beautiful expressive face lit up as we spoke of friends in London; but he was even then fading away. Apropos of this portrait, I received some lines from an anonymous correspondent; why sent to me I fail to see, but here they are, and I add a Blight sketch of the portrait to show that the satire is probably better than the versifying— BOOTH UPBRAIDING HIS TAILOB. Know'at thou, vile Schneider, how thy bungling hath Stirred the great actor's mighty soul to wrath ? How can he move with his majeBtic stride While flop his panto, and gods above deride? Go, wretohed fraction ot the fall-formed man, Go, and redress your victim as quickly as you can. There was a demonstration in London last Saturday in favour of the Local Veto Bill. " This is Bung's funeral" was inscribed on a large white flag with a wide black border, and other suggestions, remarks, and emblems, without which no demonstration now is considered complete. All must agree that drink is the cause of much misery, and all would willingly do everything in reason to alter the present sad state of many ou r countrymen j but so many want to reform without reason that they defeat their own ends. I must say the cham- pions of temperance are a sorry lot to look at, and their prin- cipals are too fanatical and unfair, I think, to judge by appearances. A little holiday from temperance would do them no harm. On one of the banners on Saturday was inscribed, *' What! rob a poor man of his beer ? Yes, and give him good victuals instead," whilst a few days before Ernest Hart assured us all that we ate too much meat, and that eating to excess killed us! Now there is no doubt teetotallers eat too much and are too fond of sweets—that may account for their pasty faces and irritable temper. Last Saturday's proceedings were relieved by Sir William Harcourt, who is responsible for the Veto Bill, putting in an appearance. Here is the account given of the gentleman's venture, in the principal Gladstonian organ:—"It was Sir William Harcourt again with his wife. Not content i with seeing the procession, he was carrying still further hiB investigations into the strength of the feeling on behalf of his Bill. Accompanied by a few of Sir Wilfrid Lawson's pioneers and of the Volunteer Park Escorts, whose protection, however, proved quite unnecessary, Sir William walked round the field, his train of admirers sweeping after him past the platforms like a great comet in a planetary system. There were frequent cries of 'Speak, speak,' but the right hon. gentleman remained mute. From time to time he raised his hat or gave a military salute with his hand, but he had not counted on attracting so much attention, and soon tried to eseape. Beaching one of the walks be found matters worse, for to the other embarrassments of an eager crowd was added that of clouds of dust kicked up by running feet." " The great comet in a planetary system" is good. The Times states that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was followed by a volunteer herald, who announced his name "to those who were not sufficiently familiar with contemporary caricature to be acquainted with his face and figure." Surely Sir William ought to have carried his own banner. The action taken by Mr. Sexton in throwing up his seat in the House in consequence of a dispute with Mr. Tim Healy over the Freeman's Journal is received by both Bides of the London Press with delight. The Gladstonians point to the incident as showing that the Irish party will not be united, but cut up into sections in their Parliament, and that, therefore, the Ulster men will have equal strength, so that Englishmen ought not to oppose Home Rule any further. At the same time the Union Press are exultant, pointing to the split as another proof of the absurdity of giving Home Rule to those who cannot agree among themselves. I believe Mr. Sexton was merely bluffing, and vanity is the sole cause of his attempt at political suicide, for the same reason as some strange beings have at one time and another allowed the announcement of their decease to be reported, so as to read the nice obituary notices about hemselves. Mr. Sexton, no doubt, is one of the cleverest men in the Hoase. He "orates," as Americans say, and deserves his nickname of "Windbag Sexton." He is a little man, with a curiously shaped head, small in stature, and wears short trousers. He has a strong belief in Thomas Sexton, and it is no secret that he is anything but popular with his own party The Four-in-hand Club held their first meet of the season in Hyde Park last Wednesday. Compared with the Coaching Club meet of the previous Saturday it was not a good show indeed some of the teams might well be on their way to the Knacker's yard in place of parading to Hurlingham. A little incident at the meetio the Coaching Club is worth recording. Mr. Frank Gossett, the popular Assistant' Sergeant-at-Arms, had a seat upon Mr. Segar-Hunt's coach. Unfortunately just as the coaches started this particular passenger, possibly nervous at being gazed at by the crowd of admiring ladies at the Magazine corner, dropped his stick, and it fell into the road. What was he to do? Of course the coach could not be stopped ; the order of the parade would be upset. The stick must not I be lost, so in an instant the athletic sergeant (who, by-the-way, is famous on the tennis lawn) followed his stick. In an instant he was off the coach, rescued his prize cane, plunged through the crowd, vaulted the Park railing, and dashed at full speed across the Parkin the hope of catching the coach at the other side, heeding not the cries of "Stop Thief!" "Hold 'im," and shrieks from the bewildered public. He dashed through the crowd lining the south side, and flung himself in the roadway just as the coaches came round steadily. Air. Segar-Hunt's much admired teams came along, and in its way stood the valiant sergeant. The driver saw him. Yes, there was no mistake; Frank Gossett'e double was there. It could not be Frank Gossett, for he was upon the coach. Remarkable resemblance, thought the driver, as he neared the solitary figure in the road. Most remarkable, uncanny, un—the driver's hand trembled and the leaders swerved. VPas it a ghost! Nervously he passed the mysterious double, and never looked back until the end of the journey. Then to hear the explanation and enjoy a good laugh. THE GRAND OLD WATT GAGGED. M DAM 300TH,ARTEE seegeanz. BANNER FOB SIR WILLIAM. SEXTON. " STOP THXEF!" 