THE WEEK. IM connection with keeping up the credit Of the country, we must really- ask the Premier and the rest of THE PREMIER the Ministry to restrain AND THE ARENA, their love for " lion taming entertainments. Recently, it will be remembered, they, after first hesitating as to whether they should permit themselves and others that fearful joy, went in batches to see the exploits of Mme. Scherazade. Now (no later than Friday) Sir George Dibbs and Mr. Slattery have been present at an THE SUFFEBING PUBLIC (loq.) : " Cheaper . gas ; ye Gods ! Cheap gas has been m j trouble for years past. Attempt by a lion to eat one Captain Humphreys in the employ of Fitzgerald Brothers. It is not that in these hard times we object to Ministers being dead-headed to cireuses. If the London money market only knew that they were admitted in that way, or, if they crawled under the canvas and that fact became of public notoriety, they might get credit for a zeal . for economy. What we fear is that there may get an impression abroad that Sir George, like Cosar of old, has de- veloped a taste for combats of wild beasts «-the most expensive of sports. So confused is sometimes London knowledge about Australia that the British bondholder may even now be picturing to himself the temptation there was to Dibbs and Slattery to turn down their thumbs as a sign that Humphreys should be eaten and not rescued, and estimating how much Humphreys would, in that contingency, have cost an impoverished Treasury. -* IT is rather noteworthy, in view of present complications, that France was the. first western nation with HiSTOBY BEPEATS which Siam had any ITSELF. thing to do, and this so long ago as 1683. A Greek adventurer had found his way to the land of the white elephant and fostered the idea of opening up commerce with the west. He managed to have ambassadors exchanged between the courts of Siam and France, and then attempted by means of the hangers on of the French embassy to orga- nise a revolution. It failed, however, the Greek was executed, and all Frenchmen expelled. The present dynasty has been friendly to France, and practically accepted a French protectorate for a term. They appear to have had enough to satisfy them for the ' present, however, and would be glad to get rid of the Frenoh as easily as tiie old king did two centuries ago. -.- + WHY women should crowd and crush into a theatre to hear a woman talk about their own physical A PEBPLEXiNG construction is one of QUESTION. those things that the male mind cannot quite grasp. A eort of cen verse to it is afforded by the. fact that youths and very young men have erenow been attracted to a lec- ture through its being announced that it waa for " men only. ' In this case, of course, the inciting motive was either ' curiosity or a love for references of a i suggestive or risque character. In the case of the softer sex these theories are as untenable as would be that of inor- dinate curiosity. Just why this sort ot thing attracts the ordinary womàn is pro- . bably one of those thingB we shall never quite know until we-in accordance with Mrs. Cooper-Oatley's theory-find ourselves in another sphere of existence, and in petti- coats. .- . ?» .--- ......... THE coroner s inquest on the body of the mate of the barque Argo has brought nothing new to light THE EXPLOSION with respect. to the ON THÉ ARGO, cause of the explosion through which the man lost his life. But it has rendered the first conjectures Btill more probable. The opinion of only one expert, it it true, has been given at the inquest, that of the Government Analyst, Mr. Hamlet, but he eeems to have had no hesitation in attributing the ex- plosion to coal gas of some sort. Three special caußes has been mentioned by Mr. Hamlet as likely to have caused the explosion-first, the com- bustion of occluded gaBes in the coal, or secondly, chemical changes in , the brasses or sulphides in the coal, or thirdly, the ignition of the coal by means of a spark. Among the comments which have obtained currency respecting the disaster, the remark that the coal had not been suffi- ciently long under hatches to have gene- rated gases has been notable. The difficulties which that raises haye, how- ever, been disposed of indirectly by Mr. Hamlet. For, in his suggestion that coal should be exposed for some days to the atmosphere before being shipped, he evidently at the same time conveys his own distinct impression at least as to the pro- bability that where coal is rapidly trans- ferred from the mine to a vessel's hold, no great length of time need necessarily elapse before an explosion may take place. At all events, in this one direction in which, according to what is known at present, danger may lurk, it would be well to take due precaution in future. -_ THE Channel Tunnel. Bill has been with- drawn from thé . business paper of the House, of Commons. Mr. THE SILVER Glatîçtone, as is well STREAK. known, has been favorable to that scheme from the first. By the inore enthusiastic advooates of it, the. objections so strongly urged against it by military and other experts have been dismissed as " fears of the brave and follies of the wise." However, they are of such a character as evidently to bid Mr. Gladstone pause if he really entertained any serious inten- tion to lend the influence oí his position as Premier in furtherance of the project. It is curious, by the way, to remember, in connection with the general approval which Mr. Gladstone is believed to give to the idea of a Channel tunnel, that he is the author of that famous article which, about the time of the Franco-Prussian War, appeared in the EDIN- BURGH BE VIEW, and in which Englishmen were congratulated on the fortunate cir- cumstance that between them and the troubled continental world there ran the " silver streak " of the English Channel. A THIEF in the Louvain gaol has con- fessed to the theft of the famous picture of the Duchess of Devonshire, j THE STOLEN The query " What did he do DUCHESS, with it?" will not, it is to be presumed, have to wait long for an .answer. The mysterous disappearance of the picture in 1876 from'the premises of Messrs. Agnew, who had bought it for ten thousand, guineas, naturally set the tongues of all the gossips in the World who had eyer heard of Gainsborough's celebrated "counterfeit presentment" of her Grace of Devonshire, wagging for the proverbial nine days. The thief had done his office most deftly. He had out the picture clean away from the frame. ' . . ^ ~ jj » If the fair Duohess had no other title to celebrity ehe would still, through ' a single circumstance, be worth remembering at the present day. She is in some 'eort to be considered as the spiritual ancestress of the modern "Primrose dame," though, of course, as everybody knows, she, as the friend of Charles James Fox, was associated with a very different political creed. What she did at the West- minster election to secure the return of the great Whig chief, hov? she distributed her, favors right and left, and was not abov* even kissing " the butcher, the baker, and the candlestick maker," in order to secure votes for Fox, has often been told in prose and verse, lt has, too, been humorously humor! alieed in the printB of the contemporary caricaturist, Gilray. Fox was deservedly grateful for what she had done for him. " We have lost the kindest heart in England" was his remark when he heard of her untimely death. "We have lost the best-bred woman in England " was the equally characteristic observation of that Prince of Wales whom Thackeray had so often described-and once in con- nection with this epitaph of his on the beautiful Duchess-as a eorfc of glorified tailor's block. -?-; Mn. GLADSTONE has experienced another accident. His carriage was in violent collision with a van MB. GLADSTONE near tho Houses of Par AGAiN. liament on Wednesday, but the veteran states- man escaped quite uninjured and subsequently received the congratu- lations of. members. Truly this is a most wonderful old man ; not only are the days of his life over four score " by reason of strength," but even after they have attained this more than patriarchal length he never seems to feel the effects of any mischance or physical exertion such as might try many a man of half his age. . Within the last two years at the utmost the greatest of Liberals has been knocked down by a cab, hit in the eye with a ginger- bread nut, been attacked by a cow, has tumbled down stairs, and, as just remarked, has been in a carriage accident. Not one of these casualties has made the slightest physical impression upon him. The gingerbread missile flung by a traitorous female hand had, as was not un- natural, a passing effect on his temper. But over his other enemy of the sex-the cow-he triumphed most gloriously, making a strategic mo vé of marvellous speed to one of the unfelled tree8 of Hawarden Park, and there gallantly maintaining a defensive position. In between his adventures the hero of so many and various fields has always been competent to make a speech of any required length, or dine out and do justice to the menu in a thorough-going fashion which might be considered em *-_:_ blematical of hie intentions towards Ire- land. ,'. ; By the way, lately received Amerioan papers mention the falling through of a project to send to the Chicago Exhibition the calf of the cow that tried tb toss Mr. Gladstone. According to the usual fashion of United States journalism, an illustration of the animal is given. It appears to be an emaciated creature, struggling against weakness of the knees,', and a settled melancholy induced by pre-\ sent neglect and a sense of inherited! obloquy. Could not things be madol brighter for the calf and the] exhibition by a collection of ob- jects (in whioh the calf should be in- cluded with stairs, vans, cabs, and ginger- bread nuts) which have nearly quenched the light of Liberalism ? The catalogue of the whole would be attractive from ita resemblance to the romance of the House that Jack Built,sthough there would be an ominous gap in the recital due to the fell vengeance that overtook the cow (with or without a crumpled horn) who nearly played a part as important as that of the cow in the original story. THAT the tragic and the comic have been often associated in the queerest way is a fact whioh admits of NAUTICAL no doubt at all. Thus in KNOWLEDGE, respect of what took place on board tho Argo the junior morning paper came out with something thai might have forced a laugh even from that most melancholy of nautical personages the Coleridge's "Ancient Mariner himself." In one part of our con- temporary's account of the explosion we are told that at the time " most of the meu were on the foremast bending the main foresail" Elsewhere we learn that "one of the A. Bs. was standing on the fore- castle head just about to JL<O forward and assist in reefing the jib sheets" Beefing the jib sheets ie a nautical operation which may pair with that of, say, " furling the jib boom," or " clewing up the poop," or, indeed, with any of those other things which are only to be found in the lexicon of the gallant female tars who sometimes figure in a pantomime. However, it is but charitable to remember that in this instance the word " reefing" may possibly be a misprint for reeving. The latter would, of course, be perfectly correct. There is, on the other hand, no "get out" of the kind with regard to "bendin? the main foresail." The writer evidently means what he says, and so iu what Mrs. Malaprop would call the " nice derangement of epitaphs," he has achieved the highest distinction. A CHARACTERISTIC reminder as to how they order matters in the so-called republics of South America A CAPITAL is communicated by the METHOD, cablegram which states that *" the President of San Salvador has executed twenty - three of the leaders in the recent revolt. To do them bare justice, it must indeed be said of most of the men ot light and leading in that part of the world who have succeeded in getting their enemies under their feet, that they have usually taken precious good care to have them made shorter by a neck. The ferocious joke of the French terrorist who said that it is only the dead who never return, has in fact served in the most practical sense as a maxim for the triumphant factions in South America. -_^- _ IT looks as if we are to have an early spring. The season for wild flower shows will soon commence, and THE FLOWER the annual work of rooting VANDALS. up and destroying the lovely productions of nature, which are every year becoming soarcftr, will soon be in full swing. No one expects that appeals to good taste, or consideration for the general good, will have any weight. They never do have weight with those who are anxious to make money, whether for themselves or some 14 deserving charity," and it would seem as if any scheme of legal pre- vention is now impracticable. It remains to be seen whether any means can be devised by which human nature can be enlisted on the right side, lt might be made punishable to sell cut flowers, while those who have the existence of our best blooms at heart might offer rewards for the best specimen plants grown by the exhibitor, or the best collection of bush flower seeds. A few more absolutely take reserves in the best localities should also be provided, and the cut wildflower trophy looked upon as an outrage. Fair young creature who tries to sell balls of native roses or squeezed-up cauliflower-like bunches of Christmas bells ought to be snubbed and generally scouted as if she wore bird of paradise feathers in her hair or ate lyre bird eggs for breakfast. CITY missions are, as a rule, to be com- mended as unostentatious and little thought of means of doing a A CITY great deal of good. Whether MISSION, city missions gain by being dragged to the front through high-toned concerts and titled chair- men is a moot point, into the discussion of which we will not enter. There is evidence that the various branches of the mission, so far as Sydney is concerned, do a vast amount of work, and the report of one of them for the year just ended proves this beyond doubt. Visits amounting in all to about 4600 were paid, relief was given in 700 cases, including the gift of 150 parcels of clothes and bedding and £140 in hard cash. Be- sides this a couple of hundred meetings were held and 2780 tracts were distributed and a free sobool was held every Sunday. All this must have done good, and there was no need to endeavor to prove this by recording 25 ** pro- fessed conversions " and the fact that 113 temper- ance pledges were ¿.'iven. In this connection " pro- fessed" is good, and it is to be hoped that the pledges were kept. In any oase honor is due to the unselfish workers for their efforts, and the public will accord it without it being neces- sary to balance the ac- count as it were with 25 " professed " conver- sions. Showing with mathametical precision that each convert costs 184 visits, 28 doses of relief - comprising 8 bundles of clothes and £6 cash-besides 112 tracte A General View of the Argo, Looking Aft. From a photo taken by Kerry and Co., of George-street, Sydney, immediately after the explosion on Saturday last. and sundries, is to import a prose element into the affair. Our city missionaries will do better if they rely on their reserved eft or ts on behalf of suffering humanity and leave the estimate of the spiritual result to a higherpower. THAT is bad news of a fearful visitation to the pretty little watering place of Worthing, in Sussex, which A PLAGUE will just be beginning its IN SUSSEX, summer season. Typhoid fever has broken out at Worthing ; 80 people have died ; and to, if possible, check the spread of the epidemic, the bodies of the victims have been cremated in the night, and the run- ning of excursion trains which in ordinary times bring, particularly on Sunday, many The deck of the barque Argo after the explosion on Saturday last, show- ing the bridge on which the unfortunate mate, Righter Afsten, was standing at the time of the terrible occurrence. visitors from .London, has been stopped. This is all dreadful and alarming enough, particularly as it is occurring within *ixty miles of the crowded hive of London ; but it is only a misfortune affecting the healths and lives of the people. We are happy to be able to contradict the further horrible particulars given by our senior morning contemporary. England has not taken to the worship of Moloch. The excursion trains were stopped from running altogether. They did not, when running through Worthing at night, stop so that their passengers might feast their eyes on the remains of eighty fever victims blazing upon a funereal pyre. The conception of this grim scene of horror would have been worthy of the per- verted imagination of the French realistic school. But the art that enabled Flaubert in Salammbô to describe the crucifixion of Hanno and the destruc- tion of the mercenaries, and Zola to depict the fearful end of Nana is wasted when applied to embellishing what should be a record of fact. Miss SHAW, the lady who recently " did V Australia for the TIMES, has been contri- buting to that journal an MISS SHAW article specially dealing AGAIN. , with Australian democracy. State socialism, according to ber views, is the political ideal which is insisted on by the New Unionism in this part of the world. Plutocracy, she opines, has no ideal, and raises no public cry, which circumstance she regards as the most dangerous feature of the future outlook. Miss Shaw is no doubt a very sharp and observant person, and has the knack of ex- pressing herself in fluent and well chosen language. Butsofar asthecablegram gives any impression of it, the article in question is not indicative of any extra- ordinary wisdom on the part of the fair critic. Indeed, it smacks pretty strongly of the merest commonplace, though doubtless delivered with the appropriate oracular ring. It needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell anybody that plutocracy has no ideal, and raises no cry. But certainly the conclusions whioh are to be drawn from that indisputable fact apply with tenfold force to England itself. The wonder, therefore, is that Miss Shaw should have found it necessary to point her moral specially from Australia when she had a more striking-not to say shock- ing-example so muoh nearer at hand. This question of plutocracy is indeed the sphynxes riddle for modern civilisation as a whole, though at the same time it may be said that most of the so called socialistic attempts to alter it have hitherto been of the wildest and saddest kind. Miss Shaw is no believer in the pay ment of members system. It is interesting to learn that on such a subject the lady's ideas are so sensible, but the fact itself is of no great consequence to any one. \--:-A. 