BISMARCK IN RBTIKEMENT. (FROM THE WORLD.) Frederiohsruhe, Bismarck's favorite I residenoe, was originally a ahooting-box j built by Count Lippesliinb&rR; in 1763. The old building had completely dia appeared, but on tho spot where it stood * retired valet bad built a tavern, which for a long period bore the name of Fraaoati. After the Franco-Prussian war, in 1871, the Emperor William allotted to his Chancellor, out of the indemnity paid by France, the sum of £160,000. With a portion of this sura j Bismarck purchased tho property, re storing its ancient name to the domain. Bore he has established extensivo saw mills, where the wood of the neighbour log forest of Sachen-Wald is cut up and forwarded to Hamburg for ship-building purposes. The profit from tbia industry alone is put at 35,000dol. In addition from hia distttlory at Varzin, hisetook farm at Sahbnhausan, his yeast factory at Stadt-Hanover, and from various oom toeroial enterprises in which he ia interested he realiaea not less than 150,000dol. a year. Being frugal almost to patrimony, he saves a large part of his inoome. He doea not believe in mis cellaneous charity, and at one time, when he was besieged by needy applicants, he published in the Berlin newspapers a (lingular announcement to the effect that It was useless to apply to him for help, The notice was characteristically un ceremonious and outspoken. Nevertheless, to his tenantry Bismarck ia kindness itself. In return they adore him, and every Christmas they testify to that adoration by deluging him with all lorts of presents in hind-from barrels Gf home-brewed ale to yards of sausage and mountains of Limburger, and when hia physicians allow him - often, indeed, when they forbid bim-he does full juatioe to these hutnble offerings. The Prince's home life ia nfl methodical AS dock-work. He rises at 10-o'clock, when he takea a cup of black coffee, roll a, and possibly a boiled egg or so. During this repast ue reada the papers, and after it he looks over hia moil. A second breakfast, consisting of a small steak or ohop, with a bottle of Rhine wine, is served at half-past 11. An hour later he sets out for a walk through his estates, sometimes diopping in et a restaurant and refreshing himself with a glass or two of beer. Hia oonpanots are two magnificent Danish hounds, who, indeed, never leavo him, sleeping in his rooms at night, sitting beside bim in his study, ana following him whenever he bUeb abroad. At 2 o'olook Frinco Bismarok roturns to his Btudy, and tabes up his work for tho day. Hia main employment is said to be on a book of memoirs, whioh will un doubtedly be tho event of the hour whon it appears. But little about this book has been allowed to leak out. During his working hours he usually smokes a oherry-wood pipe filled with light tobaooo. At 4 o olook he goes oufc for a drive, and returns about half-p&Bt; 6 to dress for hia ? o'olook dinner. This ia always a full dresa affair, and there are usually a number of guests present. He is not exactly an opiourean. His tastes are hardly delicate enough for that. But his onoe enormous appotifee is even now only regulated and controlled by medical advice, and ho ia obliged to oontent himself with nothing but the lightest and moafc digestible diahes. @till, the principal meal of the day is a matter of much serious thought. Ho himself draws up every morning with his chqf tho menu of the day, and, no matter what distinguished guest be waiting in the antechamber, tho cook is always ad mitted without delay. In a dilettante way Bismarck baa always been fond of musio, and he still enjoys listening to the classical composers, of wnom Beethoven is his favorite, and he often sings softly to the musio, but very much out of tune, For painting and sculpture ho oarea lesa. There are few Btatuea in his park, few piotures in his palace. Yet ho has a weakness for light literature, being fond of Gaboriau, Flaubert, and Gonuourt, and a genuine admiration for Shakespeare and Goethe. He has even gone so far aa to say he would willingly remain several years on a desert island with nothing to read but Goethe. " Of tho wholo of profane literature," he onco said, " Faust is my bible." Historical study has always been a paasion with hiui. He is strangely superstitious. Thia is a weakness whioh baa always olung to him. Ho firmly beliovea that ho onoe heard a ghost walkiug about in his bed room in which he was at the time lying wide-awake on the bed. Ho has alwaya scrupulously refrained from transacting any buBinesB on Friday. On Friday, Ootober 14, 1870, General Boyer met tho Obancellor at Versailles to negotiate on behalf of Bazaiue; but Bismarck would not see him till the next dayt> flaying he would never do anything of importance on any Friday, much ltsa on a Friday the date of whioh coincided with the anni versary of Hoehkirk, Jena, and Aneretadt. He will not sit down to a tablo at whioh he makes the thirteenth. On tho other hand, he believes that throe ia a luoky number, and ia fond of pointing out that it haB played an important part in his life. The arms of hia family bear over the motto, "In trinUatc robur," three trefoil leaves and three oak loaves; all carica tures of bim represent him with throe hairs on hia head; he has three children, Herbert, Wilhelm, and Mario; ho has three estates, Ftiedrieharuhe, Varzin, and jSohonhaus&n.; He has fought in three wars and signed three treaties of peaoo; he arranged tho meeting of tho three Emperors and established tho Triple Alliance. Finally, he haa had under him three political parties, tho Conservatives, the National Liberals, and the Ultra montanes, and he haa served three Ger man Emperors, Years ago ho predioted that ho would not die before 1891, and would not survive 18&4, This curious vein of superstition rune through an essentially devout and religious temperament. When he began to take an aotive part in politics he did 10 with the conviction that Christianity was a firm bulwark against the revo lutionary spirit of tho age, and the feeling that, amidBt all the storms and troubles by whioh he was surrounded, in God he had a sura support and a never failing source of strength and con solation. He is a model husband and father, a fceadey and loving grandfather. Hia domeatlo life ia charming. For his wife, who ia nloo years younger than himself, he has ever felt the greatest affection, He addresses her In his letters as " my darling " (mein Sera), " my best belovedhe sends her jasmine from Peterhof?; he promises her edelweiss from Gastrin. From the royal castle at Ofen he bids her " good-night from far away," and adds, " Where can I have heard the song which has been tunning through my head all day ' 0»#r the bluo mountains, over the white aea foam, ©oca- thou beloved one, corns to thy lovely boms.' *' I wonder who can have sung that to tne some time or other in Auld Lang Syne P" Over and over again, in the busiest and stormiest period of bis lifo, he expressed a feeling of homesickness, of longing for wife and children, T&e; Princess, on her side, worships her husband and treats him as if he were a dami-god. She has snow-white hair, bigh oheek bonea, and a gaunt figure of pome fift, 8in. in her stockings, Those ftookings, by the way, inclose a foot of goodly proportions-whioh her daughter has inherited. The feet of these two ladies were the Subject of much merriment to the ladfos of the French court during the summer whioh Bismarck's wife and daughter spent at Biarritz during the feign of Napoleon IIJ. And neither of HUB) bliefl to the fact. As r»u of blood and iron has never been known ' to forgive an insult, it is not impossible that these feet contributed their Bhare to bringing about the war of 1870. The Princess is very decided and energertio in her tastes and opinions, and resembles her husband in refusing to brook oontradiotion of any sort. Her voice is loud, and pitched in a high key, her conversation is lively and amusing, and she has a fund of anecdotes and reminiscences whioh make her a very entertaining conversationalist. For the rest sho is studious, well-read, au ex cellent musician, and like her husband she has a love of economy whioh borders On parsimony, Bismarck's dauRhter, Marie, the wife of Count RanUau, shares the paternal homo with her husband and children. The eldest son, Count Herbert Bismarck, is a frequent visitor, and the youngest, Count Wilhelm, an occasional one. Herbert is the one who tuost resembles his father, and whom the latter had at one time fondly hoped to make his suooessor at the real head of the German Government, After a youth almost as boisterous and unruly as that of his father, Herbert has settled down to a life of domestic con tentment with his recent brido, the Countess Hoy as, Securo in the affection of his own circle, as well as in that large circle whioh com prises almost the whole of Germany such is the placid evening in a stormy life. Doubtless in his retirement the great ex-Chancellor is happier than ever before in hia eveutful career. -A rgus. 