"fLow Shall We Decide This Question?" NOW, WHtICI 15I THE WORSE-TO IIHAVE NO APPETITE FOR YTOUIR DINNER, OR TO HAVE 0NO DISNNERI FORIL YOURl APPETITE There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to wards his meals. But most of as are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a rigorous appetite without enongh to satisfy it. Differeat folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is tlinat, without reasonable limits, it. is hltter to havle an alppetite withlout a dinner, ibecause, short of the starvation line, a hunnry twan is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and dloesn'tfeel like eat ing, sta',ds in needl of "iilterations and repai'rs.' so ili:tralte. We recently received a eom muniration in which the writer Esays, I was afraid to eat." lit he fancv I's food iwas pi. sonedt, or dlid his nature rebel against the nourishsment 'iced on i If the latter, why? Let ltim clear the imystery lhimslf. Ife says,' In the year IS9S I chaIngedl my work from railway sorter to signasaunn. i had been signa'man twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak. I dlid not feel myself. Mly month tasted bad, so that ordlinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, ppenredt to have nothing to say to the,,. One thing was like another, andl nona was good, My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive anid my ppelite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubledl with wina. It wouldl gather so it felt like a hall in my throat, and actlias it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cireom stances oar friendl failed to to justice to his meals. IHe adds that there vas what he calls "a pricking sensation "at his heart, as though it were touclhed with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled oft bitu. "I drenadled," he says, "the thought of eating, and saANT A SCANTY MEAL HAVE I.IADI, OOIl I WAS AFRAI) TO EAT. "After a time I .,t into a low, weak, ner rous condlition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good dealof sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happent" is, of course, the fear of same calamity, such as the lossot his position, his own dteath, or the death of somebody dlear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blodt (the life hearer) his unstrungnerves, and to the brainenfeebled by lack of nourishmeunt. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts andt gob lins, the creatures of a restless and ungo. rerned imagination. " With great dilliculty,"he says,'" I stuck to mny work, for I hadl a wife and family de. pcnding on me. So I struggledl on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of des:ription. I Ant sUL No osNe IHAs so. FERED 80 31UCH' AS I HAVE DONE," In the latter statecment he is undoubtedly wrong. One's owvn pain is one's own, and is alwaeys hardier to hear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude wvho are all the while going through the samne wretched experience, only we don't hatnon to come in touch with theis Well. the wnriter finally mentions that after all tatelical treatment alad left him istlre it fouli him he cian-ed to read in a book of a case EXACt.Y LI1C IllS owN having Ieen curedl by Dother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife." he saoys, "got nme a botle at Mr. Langstaf's, in Woo !eslorl, and after using its coiltents the ainment left me and has nover returned since that fortunate dlay. I should :ike the wlhole world to know whlat it dild for me. I have been employed by the Mlidland Railwiy Company for eleven years. (Signed) " CEonoi IIUNT, " Car Bottom Iooad, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Ilunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know who thankful h is and foir what reason. 