ETHNOLOGICAL ANTHROPOLOGY OF THE DALY RIVER NATIVES. During eeven years' mission work Father McKillock has had excel ent opportunities of Btudying the manners and cuBtoms of the natives on the Daly River, Northern Terri tory, and the following particulars from his notes will bo found very interesting: The Daly River tribes (says the rev. gentle man) best known to us are the Oheritee, the PonRa-pongas, the Mulluk-mulluke, and the Mat-ngelli. The Oherites, a small but very in celligent tribe, ocoupy the land between the sea and the river on itB right bank. Opposite them on the left bank is a powerful tribe oalled Wogites, of whom we know very little. Next to the Wogites on the same bank oome the Pongapongas, whose language is just the same as that of the Oherites. Next to the Oherites on the right bank are the Mulluk mulluks. Their language differs from that of the Cherit«s, yet only as one Greek dialeot differs from another. This bring* us more than sixty miles up the river. The Muiluks am also on the opposite or left bank. But a few < miles inland, and to the west, the Mat-ngelli or hermit hill' tribe .region begins. The Mat-ngelli have the Ponga-pongas on the north. Their language, although in structure ani idiom very similar, differs muoh from that of the other tribes mentioned. All these natives are powerfully built men, who have at timeB Bhown very great hostility to the whites. Indeed, some years ago they had the name of being the fiercest blades of the Territory. MABRIAGB CUSTOMS. All these tribes intermarry. I would think that there was a time when the laws regulating marriage, so marked in other parts of Aus tralia, obtained also among the Daly River tribes. At present they do not. A man may not marry a blood relation, however remote the kinship be, but marriage within the tribe ia permitted and common. Very often, how ever, the 'woman is of another tribe. Mar riage by oapture was certainly at one time the role. Even now the phrase to " steal a lubra" is the only equivalent known to me for our to marry. And in their gesture language to clabp the left wrist with the right hand ex presses the same idea. It is in fact diicere vxorem, to lead her off captive. Marriages, or rather espousals, are arranged by the old people while the children are very young, sometimes even before they - are born; but then, of course, conditionally upon the child being male or female. A young man not BO provided for-and there are many such-most steal a lubra, either from his own tribe or from another. If from a strange tribe he will be persecuted by her friends for a time, and if caught he will have to fight for -his lady with some man ohoBen from the offended tribe, or he will have to run a gauntlet of spears. I know a case where a man so captured refused to fight a single adversary. He told the friends of the stolen woman that if they wanted him to fight they must bring out against him the two best men they had. They did so. It was a hand-to-hand fight with their great heavy lance headed clubs. But so great waB the strength, reaoh of arm, and skill of this man' that he very soon disarmed and almost killed his two opponents. This was the notorious " Long-legged Charlie," who turned Queen's evidence at the time of. the great Daly River murder case. If. the yonng man steal his wife from his own tribe there Wul also nearly iiwayi' be ftTSWi always., of worse, should he take the wife of another man. In this case the injured hnsband troubles him self very little. Sooner or later the fugitives must return. Then he punishes them. They most submit, and he must have_ blood from both. He does not spear them in the usual meaning of the term, out prods them with a spear more or less severely as his wrongs have been greater or less. The woman then returns to her lawful allegiance, and there is no more about it. Polygamy is practised, but not very com monly, and the men most respected in the tribe have only one wife. They ate also asa rule very kind to their women, and receive in turn very great deference and obedienoe. It would be quite against the dignity of a Daly River man to carry on an angry dispute with a woman. Of oourse nature will out at times, and it is amusing then to watoh> the stoical black man. Ho will listen in silenoe to hiB Xantippe, at most Yielding her a contemptuous shrug of the shoulders. Of _ course the woman grows bolder. After a while the man stands oarelessly up, and with a well- directed blow on the head from a club he fells his better half to earth. When she oomes to she is again his loving and obedient wife. In these tribes a man is the natural pro tector of the wife of his dead brother. She does not neoessarily beootne his wife, and oan, if she will, return to her father. _ A father ? brothers are all oalled fathers by his children, and a mother's sisters are mothers. How far the Tamilian system obtains I have not yet discovered. The faot just mentioned may prove a starting point only. Certainly their system of relationship is intricate and widely different from ours. I might mention here that the man who gives a wife to another becomes related to that other. They are friends for life, and any injury done to the giver by the receiver would be a great offence against tribal law. Children are often disposed of when very young. You will easily see how injurious to our work this oustom might prove. A girl, for instance, for years on the station might in the end have to go off with some old rasoal thirty miles away as "his third or fourth wife. When they bring their children to us the blacks surrender in favour of the Superior of the Mission this tribal right of the head of the family. Of course I never use this right except with the full approval of the parties most ooncerned. They are human, and have their likes and dislikes. They know too-for we teaoh them BO-that in this matter they are free to ohoose within the limits allowed by our Ohuroh. To free them gradually from the tyranny of the old man we have to interfere in the matted for a time. But the young people are triad that we do so, and so far all has gone well. MUTILATIONS AND DOOTOBING. Ciroumoision is praotised by all the Daly River tribes. A few refuse to submit 00 the operation. If able to escape the old men for a few years after the time-about fourteen-for the operation they are left in peace. But for life they will be oalled Larrikiyas. The Larrikiya is the Port Darwin tribe who do not oircumoise. The mutilation practised on the Victoria and in other plaoee to the south and south-west is not known on the Daly. I wish to emphasize this faot; for I have heard the cpptegxy maintained by a travelling dootor whose only proof-given to me-was this : "Why, man, I have read a paper on the matter to the Royal Sooiety in England." Ho is history sometimes made. , . The women have a ourious mutilation. When young girls they remove the two first joints of the right forefinger. The operation iB most artistically performed, judging by results. Yet they use no knife or, as when circumcising, sharp stone. They find in the jungles a very strong oobweb, and with a thin skein of this they tie tightly round the joint. The oiroulation ia, of course, stopped, and after a time the dead joints fall off. This custom is far from universal. CANNIBALISM. In great sorrow they shave their heads. The natives are undoubtedly cannibals, but then their cannibalism is peculiar and limited. Infanticide is very oommon, and they often eat murdered babies. They seem to conBider this the kindest way to bury the lictle ones, and only the nearest and dearest friends are allowed to partake of this repaBt. But they will not touch the head. They Bay the devil devil, t.e., the ghost or spirit, is in the head. They always bury it. When a child u to be murdered the dootor ia called. The children believe the child to be really ill. While th6 doctor or executioner examines the child a great " keen" is raised, during which he strangles the infant. _ These dootora are great rascals, and what is said of them in other parts of Australia might be repeated here. I saw one performing onoe. As he approached the sick man he looked to the sun as if praying. Then he seemed to mumble some charm. He would continually draw his fingers through his opposite armpit and rub the moiBture so obtained into the body of the patient, blowing every bow and again over tne parts so rubbed. But apart from these mummeries they do seem to know something of the curing art. They oertainly go in greatly for masBage, and I know by experience that they oan give relief. In very violent oases of headaohe they bleed their foreheads. They are very tem perate in the drinking of water, even on the hottest day. They say it is not good, and prefer a bath.' BURIAL CUSTOMS." When they do not bury their dead they either burn the bodies or put them up in trees until only the bones remain. These are then buried. The blaokfellow-pro perly so called, i.e., who is neither old man nor woman-iB entitled to this honour ; I mean to be rolled up in paper bark and placed in a tree. Terrible scenes may be witnessed during their burial rites. Here is oue-a hole 5 feet deep-onty that I insisted upon this they would not have gone deeper than 2 feet. The naked body of a dead man alongside. When all was ready they politely requested me to go away. I refused. They insisted, saying that they wanted to ory. When they, saw I would not go a scene began which I shall never forget. The men divided into two lots-one to get the oorpse into the hole, the' other' to prevent their doing eo. I thought they would pull it to pieces, _ Mean while the women raised a terrible weird keen and worked themselves into a real frenzy. They were armed with ironbark stioks, about 2 feet long, pointed at one end,, and about 1J inches thiok at the other. As they sang they would beat their shoulders with the thiok ends of this weapon, inverting it every now and again and driving the point into the crowns of their heads, every suoh stroke being followed by a strong squirt of blood. It was terrible, and quite new to me. * I took the stioks from the women, and waiting for an opening rushed in with a oonple of strong young blacks, caught hold of an arm of the dead man, issued a quiak, sharp order, and before the opposing party reoovered from their astonish ment at my interference we had dropped him into the grave. To slowly lower him was oat of the question. Then amidst moat heart rending yelling they filled in the grave. One mm remained - sitting on its side until buried . to the knees. This scent wag so awful that children present ran awgy, looking back at interval! oyer their shoulders In most lively terror. And yet it was all aoting. Except three or four of the man's near male relations, who, with heads over each other's shoulders, wept quietly apart, the grief of the others was a worked-np frenzy. 'When all was over they went laughing away. Very different are our Christian burials, and they have made a marked impression upon these very impressionable people. One of our young men, near to death, begged of me not to permit the blaaks to bury him. and was quite nappy when I assured him ns would get a happy Christian burial. SUPERSTITIONS. The blaoks do not believe in natural death, even when it be the result of aoaident. Every one is kilted by the sorcery of another tribe. This faat, with the infantioide so widely prao tised, is in great measure the oanse of the thin ness of the population. It means practioally the doubling of the death rate. A man dies it may be by snakebite; the snake was loroed i to kill him by the magio arts of some one in a hostile tribe, and some one in that tribe must die. The strange thing is that the tribe whioh j so loses a member will not retaliate. They will wait till one of their own men die. Then, of oourse, they too mnst have a viotim. The rule is that the viatim is murdered when ever found. But sometimes an embassy is sent and the viotim demanded. I nave heard of a case where a great man having died from snakebite, ana the old women having deolared that the soroery oame from a tribe over a hundred miles away, suoh an embassy was sent. They demanded pro ! gravitate cautat three viotims, and were i satisfied. I must say that I do not believe j this statement to be true. It is no use to try I argument by induotion on this point with a blaakfellow. Vou may tell him that his fathers have all died before him, and that, there fore, he too must die. The moit you will get him to admit is thiB-" They were siok. I am welL I Bhall not die." The soroery praotised is of various kinds. This is the moat common -'' Wild dog blaakfellow been takehimoutfai." For years I laughed at this, and tried by ridicule to beat down the widespread belief. On oneoooasion a very intelligent Oherite got angry with me. He said we whites under stood many things. We knew how to make steam-engines, fine houses, gardens, &o..but; this matter we did not understand. I was certain from hiB manner that there was some thing behind it all whioh he could not make plain to me. If in ridicule I would ask, " Where iB the hole through whioh the fat was taken out?" the answer would be. "No; you no more savey ; him no more want hole that one doctor ; him too muoh savey, no more hole." I do not laugh at them any longer. I think I understand them. Rightly or wrongly they believe that by magio arts the viotim is thrown into a deohne from which death results. This is, I am oonfident, the j meaning of "takehim out fat." 1 I have said rightly or wrongly, '?for al though in suoh matters I believe nothing whioh has not been absolutely proved, and whioh oannot by any scientific reason be accounted for, I must admit that facts have oome under by observation whioh have-well, staggered me. BBLIGIOCS BELIEF. They believe in a being superior to them selves, but evil. If ever they pray to him it is simply to let them alone. They would never dream of asking a favour of him. He is and always has been their bitter enemy. They have a ritual-a somewhat elaborate one, too. But few, very few of them, know the meaning of the rites they praotise. I believe some few do. There seems to be a sort of Freemasonry among them, and an inner oirole, few in number, who alone know the real meaning of their ceremonies. I believe, too, that these few could, if they would, reveal very muoh about their past history and traditions. But it is simply impossible to get any information from them. They are bound to seoreoy, and I think death is the penalty if they should reveal anything to the uninitiated. I believe they have human Baorifioes-that from time to time one man, with his own knowledge and oonsent, is offered in sacrifice for the good of his people-offered to the evil . spirit whom they so fear. ; This is the leading feature in the great reli gious ceremony which they celebrate every few years. They call it " jaboi." «In some seoluded place they form a ring just like our oirous rings, of about the same diameter, and here yonng men to be initiated meet at midnight in oharge of some of the inner oirole mentioned, j What there takes place no white man knows. This rite lasts for about three weekB. Of oourse we have collected many faots relating to this matter, but I do not consider that our know ledge is yet concise enough for publication. What seems certain is that they undoubtedly worship, in fear, an evil spirit; that sometimes they saorifice to him their fellow-men. Superstitions they have without number Mount Brown and the moon and ghosts in the trees. 