CHAPTER XIII.—Pace to Face with the Awful Past. JSot only did Wallard believe himseii to be a detective of the first water, but in talk ing to his especial friend, Lord- the impecunious son of a noble house—he gave himself all the airs of one. “Now, you will see,” he would say, “ that this will turn out precisely as I predict." To give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially female human nature. But although on that evening, when he turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory’s box, he looked mostly at Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, the husband did not escape his notice and stndy. “ Soft,’’ ho remarked to himself, “ a man that, if I desire to, I can twist round my finger, or mould into any shape I choose." It was because he thought he had need of Gregory that he was now hieing northward to Lerwick. Most men, having found Winnie’s addreBB, would have turned up there and taken chance of winning Rosie's heart. Yes, it was poor Rose whom Wallard now intended to make his quarry. Talk of love at first sight, well, here was an instance of it. In one moment Wallard had trans ferred all his love—if real love can exist in the breast of such a man as this—which he once had borne for the mother to the daughter. Sho had all her mother’s beauty, her mother’s hair and eyes, and all her mother’s winsome ways, and sho was young, an opening bud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color, ere the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had he with so young and innocent a child as this ? He did not hesi tate tu ask himself this question. You will hato him when I tell you he asked the ques tion before his mirror. “ Chance enough," he conceitedly replied, smiling at his re flection. “There isn’t a grey hair yet in those temples nor in that beard. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor have I ever frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman’s heart thoroughly, and be sides all—I have money, not to call it wealth." That was Wallard’s verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passage to Lerwick, and almost the first question Wallard asked when he had got on shore was : “ Has the Arctic Queen come in yet ?” “ No,” was the reply, “ but she is ex pected here every day.” “ She won’t stay here long, I suppose ?” “ Only a day," cried the landlord, then he winked. “ You see, sir,” he added, by way of explaining his wink, “the skipper got married last fall, and he’ll crack on home to his wife you may be sure. And they say she is a full ship this time.” And sure enough next afternoon the Arctic Queen Bailed into the great harbor or land-locked salt water lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after sho had dropped anchor and clued sails, boats were seen shov ing off from the vessel, filled with_ brawny Shetlanders, with their bags and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their coming, and such a scene of affectionate greeting, when they did land, Wallard had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and grey-haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fought for their boyB’ embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheeriDg were something to be heard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the sturdy Scots there next came the Captain’s own whaler. Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not help thinking so. In evening dress he had been a failure, but here in his suit of frock pilot and sailor's hat, he was every inch a seaman andaman. He went straight towards the hotel, where he was met by many of his Shetland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretched out to grasp his. “ Bravo, the Arotio Queen.” “Full np again, Gregory!” “ The luckiest ship that goes to the country.” “ The luckiest skipper, too !" “Not a bit of it,” putin the landlord, “ Captain Thomas Gregory has a head upon his shoulders, that’s it, neighbors. But I say, skipper, what stay are you going to make ?” “ Be off to-morrow, Mr B.” “ Ah 1 but you’ll let the boys come on shore to enjoy themselves and buy some pretty mits for their sweethearts, you can’t refuse them that, surely, since you’ve been so lucky ?” “ No, I suppose I musn’t,” said Gregory, laughing. “ There are lots of letters for you in the coffee room.” “ Well, I’ll go and get them. I hope all’s well at homo. By-bye, boys, see you all later on.” Wallard in the back-ground had been listening to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room, and took up a paper. The honest sailor read his letters from home, and many a smile of joy stole over his countenance as he did so. “ All well and happy,” he said aloud at last. “Thank the Lord of Heaven for that.” It was a very fervent ejaculation, and ended with a sigh of intense relief. Then he looked round and noticed Wallard. “Why” he said, laughing. “I really thought I was all alone.” “ Never mind me, Captain,” said Wallard. “ But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you pleasure.” “Ah! yes, I’m in luck this voyage. _ So different from last. Walter, bring me a little whisky and soda.” “ May I join you, sir, in a drink?” “ You’re very good, Mr—a—” “ Wallard is my name.” “And I’m Tom Gregory—plain Tom Gregory.” “ Pleased to meet you, I’m sure.” The two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. “Now,” said Wallard, when the drinks were brought, “is there anything I oan tell you ? For I suppose you haven’t had news for many a day; but let me Bay, to begin with, that the Conservative Government is still in power, that the grand old “Fiddlestick!” interrupted Gregory. “Well, the grand old fiddlestick is alive and hearty, that the Irish question remains unsettled, and that we haven’t come to war with France over Egypt yet." “Bravo! Sir, I’m pleased to have met ^ “ And I to have met you, Captain Gregory. Will yon dine with me here to-night! I daresay the viands we shall get will not rival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say you accept, and I’ll give the order, and try to stir the old folks up.” “ O, with pleasure, I’m sure.” “ And,” said Wallard, “I shall tell you all yon want to know about our dear old country, and you can give me information about seal hunting, bear stalking, and all the wild sports of the far North." “ That I can. I am an old ice-man, and, though I say it myself, what I don’t know about Greenland, north and west—well, isn’t worth making a note of. Are you fond of sport, Mr Wallard ?’’ “ Passionately bs. In fact, Captain Gregory,. I’m rather an idle fellow. I had the good, or bad, fortune some years ago to be left what iB called a thumping legacy, and I the gave up sea-life as a profession.” “What! Do I speak to a brother sailor?" “ I have been a seafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and rose to be a humble purser.” “ You're a sailor, and that’s enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and excuse my broken English. You’ve been a seafarer. But how could you have given it up!” “ Oh, I did not quite give up the sea. In fact, since this legacy was left me, I have visited every land on earth whose shores are lapped by blue water. And. I’m not sure that I shan’t take a passage next season in a sealer to Greenland, just for the sake of “ Well, look here, sir, you’re a man of the world, 1 can see ; and if yon care to take a trip np north with yonr gun, let me know. My barqne isn't big, but I'll make room for ^ The dinner passed off to Wallard’s com plete satisfaction, and before Gregory and he parted for the night, Wallard had seonred a passage back to Scotland on hoard the Arctic Queen. This was precisely what he wanted. The winds were contrary at times, and at times there was no wind at all, so the voyage was quite a long one. But Wallard made himself the life and joy of the ship; he was soon beloved fore and aft. “Howl should have been fretting and fuming now,” said the good skipper, “if you had not been on board. I tell you what it is, Mr Wallard, Providence must have sent yon.” “ What a capital actor I should have made!” thought Wallard. Bat a fair wind came at last, and the good barque spread her wings and flew before it. ! “I dare say,” said Wallard, on the last morning, “there are plenty of trains south ?” “ Look here, Mr Wallard, if you talk about running off south for two or three weeks to come I shall make you strict prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at your door armed with a harpoon gun.” i Wallard laughed. “ Don’t forget,” he said, “ that you have a wife to please. Ladies don’t love me, Gregory.” “ Come, come,” said* the innocent skipper, “that’s past a joke. You don’t know Winnie.” “Don’t I, though,” thought Wallard. “ She’ll welcome you for my sake.” “ She’s welcomed me for my own ere now,” Wallard said to his heart. “And little Rose. The Rose of Allan - dale. Why bother mo. 1 hadn’t thought of her. Nothing more unlikely than that you should fall in love with her, and she with you. He, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. However, home you come with me, and we’ll have some fun, you bet.” Winnie was among the first to come on board. She rushed into her husband’s arms. She was in tears with very joy. Then came Rose and fondled her step- father, not less earnestly, if a little more shyly. “ 0, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick I got acquainted with such a dear good handsome fellow, a sailor, too. I want him to stay for a few weeks with us. I kuow you’ll wel come him for your husband’s sake. And you must sing to him sometimes, Rose. My eyes, darling, how bonnie you look! Come and kiss your daddy once again. Bnt where on earth has Wailard disappeared to? Below is hs, steward? How pale you are, Winnie ! No fainting fit again. I hope.” Winnie staggered a little, and would have fallen, but for Wallard himself who, on his name being mentioned, ruBhed up the com panion. And now he held Winnie in his arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoicing triuniphJjt. It was a strange situation. Melodramatic in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard’s seeking, and certainly not what he had expected. But here was the poor writhing victim, powerless as it were in the talons of the mer ciless persecutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while Gregory, distraoted, "had hurried away to fetoh water. “Dissemble a little,’’(whispered Wallard. “You must. He knows nothing, positively nothing.” “ Leave me now,” she gasped. She sat in a deck chair, erect but pale. Rose in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded arms, himself a little pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes riveted in ill-disguised admiration upon Rose's upturned face. Back bustled Gregory, and in a few minutes Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy self again. Seemed ? Yes, she was dissembling. She must, as Wallard had said. God give her strength.. She was face to face onoe more with the awful past. CHAPTER XIV.—A Game or Life on Death. It is so hard for anyone whose nature is sensitive to have to dissemblo—to live a lie! And Winnie had not a single friend in whom she could confide, or to whom she could tell her sorrows, or the sad story of the crime. There was one, only one, who knew the whole sad tale, and a gentle loving heart she had, albeit but a Cingalee. That one was Weeba. Winnie had ever respected and looked np to this woman almost as a mother, and the affection she-had for Winnie was very sincere indeed. But, though, for the sake of obtaining just a little sympathy from her, Winnie Roberts had told Weeba the story of her great tempta tion—endured and resisted for her child’s sake—and told her, too, of the abstracted cheque, she had mentioned no name or names. Sh6 was glad of this now. Weeba must never know that the tempter was Wallard, now a guest at the bungalow of Allandale. She herself could dissemble. It was almost a matter of life and death that she Bhould, but she feared lest Weeba, out of the very kindness of her heart, might try to influence Captain Gregory against his guest. No, in thiB one thing Winnie must stand alone. So, though she grew thinner and paler every day, she suffered in silenoe. She went about as usual, however. She played and sang in the evening, she was even deferential and affable towards Wallard. She had not yet seen him alone to talk to. But that time came within a week. Wallard in Gregory’s presence had ex pressed a wish to see the little cottage where Winnie had lived previous to her marriage. It was now to be let, and he thought it would just do for a shooting-box or a fishing box for himself and his friend Gard for a few months. “Two old bachelors, Mrs Gregory,” he said, laughing, “ that the fresh and braoing breezes of this rugged coast would speedily make young again.” “Well, my dear,” said Gregory, “why don’t you run over with Hr Wallard and let him see it. I’ve got to go ont this morning, and I’m taking Rose, but we’ll be back to lunch as hungry as rats.” Then Winnie got up from the chair. She nodded and smiled to Wallard. _ “ We will go at once,” she said, and so retired to put on her hat. Indeed, the interview she knew must come sooner or later, and she longed to know Wallard’e intentions, and to know how much she was in his power. But not a word on the subject so near to the hearts of both was spoken until they had entered the cottage. Tired and pale as death Winnie seated herself in the window-sill of that empty room in whioh she had spent so many happy, peaoeful days, while on a broken chair Wallard seated himself a little way in front of her, bestriding it as if it had been a hobby horse. It was she who spoke first. “Why have you followed me here?” she said. “Why have you set yourself to break np my happy home, to break the heart of as fond and innocent a husband as ever lived, and to bring grief and sorrow upon my darling child ? What is your wish? Speak— I will have the truth.” “ You shall have it, Mrs Gregory. And you will have it briefly, too, and at onoe.‘For many ana many a long year, Winnie, I have loved you-” “ Stay. Not one word of love to me, Mr Walland, or this interview must be brought to a conclusion, stall hazards.” “Notone word of love to you, Winnie. No, because I have ceased to love you. The affection I had for you, dear, I have trans ferred to-” , , « To whom? Speak, man, why do you hesitate ?” “ To your daughter.” “ To Rose ?” Winnie almost shrieked. Her eyes were almost starting from her head, and the sweat stood in big drops npon her cold forehead. (IQ BE CONTINUED.) .A spinster club started'in Vienna. Aim: Speedy and happy: marriages. This is something like business. 