More About Ghosts. 1 1 A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. 44 Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr Brooke ? " 44 Certainly not ; but I do believe there are people who see them — in imagination." rjucn was me question put oy a representa tive of the 44 Pali Mall," and the answer re ceived from Mr W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a cir cular offering to visit "haunted houses" and lay the most troublesome " spook." Mr Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Research Society, and thinks that if more activity was shown many hjnses that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation ot being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that if some one would set himself upas a "specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the " dread being's own abode " for a little time, he might easily find out the real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. THE ADVEXTUEE OF THE STOWAWAY. 44 What was your first achievement ? " " Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zealand, but on the day previous to the sail ing every man on hoard deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I htard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stow away was in distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon de lighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously m the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coals, fell into the arms of the poor little pig we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal !" THE CiT A>D THE EAT. " I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strange noises ?1' " Oh, yes ; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappinza that had, they assured me, 4 come out of the earth.1 I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a haunted house, with a dim glimmer uf light, a piece of cheese near a suspicions.- looking liole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I let go.' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat. with a wooden ball tied rmnd his neck : no more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its Companions, ahd in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors."-' FOOTPRINTS OX THE SAXES. "What are your me: hods of unearthimr 'ghosts?'" " They are very ample. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate a sound . directly I bear it, but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by .an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or eand jarnnnd all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the -appearance of the apparition-of the sound ?/ tne creature. If it appears (it never does though!) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or paw- treads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house, and, consequently can often detect flaws in the building that would not bonoticed except by apracfcical man. Strange noises are earned by a variety of things,- clothes baskets ihit have con tained wet clothes are hong up in a warm CDom after washing days. They will emit t pnTiyrwiii HAI fefefl 11 tflCVOOS." IXWBhOttgfig imder the carpets will set many people won dering', a beetle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratching mom. It is not a sufficiently town fact that imagina tion is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those organ 3 being toe organs of seise. It acts by producing in them, ot in parte of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which, occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. 1 have been in his company when he sees them — he has had two or three attacks of 4D.T.'" A " WOMAN'S PITEOUS MIDNIGHT EHEIE53 . 44 Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and Where abouts of the ' spirit ' 1 " " Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house "that 1 visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill- treated had been heard by the - neigh bors, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear anything out of the com mon, until the lady, a few minutes before twelve, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room-above ; I went into the garden— she was there ; I went into the street; — she was there. I know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thoroughly, but with out suocois, my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder, and brought it down under my arm; the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." A MYSTERIOUS EOOTSTEP — WANTED, GHOSTS. " By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an empty house r " " I've had W03B8. I managed to unearth the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High strest, Deptfcri, some time since. After swarming aboutthe outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of "four 'arf" in formed me that "the blokes wot lived in one of the berrevarts on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to 4 doss.' " Mr Brooke got into trouble a few years ago by his rather practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a disavower of spiritualism and theosophy, and he scorns 4 'astral bodies." If anyone has a real ghost for sale, he would be pleased to bay it ; or if a haunted house can be pointed out to him, he will be very happy to track " spook " to its parading ground. 