"DRIFT." Washed ashore 1 There was a orowd .on the beaeh that morning. A sullen sun struggled through the grey, clouds, and looked down upon the scene — a frail spar or two floated out to bob — a dis mantled hulk toaeed in the distance on . the still heaving billows, the remains of a wreck. On the besoh the wan sunlight fell up on a ghastly spectaole. From the sand and seaweed where they lay, dead faces looked up, cold and white — eyes whose light of life had goiie out last night when the fierce tongues of flame had lit up the strife and torment of sea. and air — eyeB whose last of earth had been that dissolv ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling waters. d Here, Steve, lend a hand." " Ooh, it's dead she is entirely. Look at this -boy, an' there's breath — life in him, - Where's the whisky ? Sure an' it'll call back the life, fl it's within hearin'." ' " Here's Charlie. Make way for 'Dr. Charlie," some of the men called out- with that fondnesa in the tone which do, riotoda general favorite. A young man with a grave and eager faca drew near. The euat wind raised \- brown curly lo'ckB from off a- brow white and smooth aa a ohild's. The eyes, brown and fearless, seemed to look fur into the depths of being, to eoan motives, to read the Strange hioroglyphios of the human heart. None of those rough men would ihave lied to Dr. Charlie ; but they would, never have owned that it was beoause . they feared him, but rather beoause they . loved; him. He Stopped by the body of a young woman.. ''Ooti, an' she'll niver draw breath . again," said one. But Dr. Charlie was nob so sure. Hs ' . aet the men at work in every; direction j, he ordered restoratives, he prescribed various remedies, he put the men to various tasks in the way of rubbing with spirits. But this woman, the only woman saved— for he had deteoted a faint sign of . : . life— what should be, done with her ? \- ../AV:-' "She muBt be , taken to the nearest house, that is all ; and they must take / ; her in,'!.deoided Dr. Charlie. /- The nearest houBe was a neat littlo , . white box, with a bit of a garden in front, . and tiny walks, bordered with white- . .'., ' washed oyster shells. All was- prito and pre'oiee as the mistress, who stood shad- i : ing her eyes with a thin hand as the men bore' the ghastly bnrdeh to the gate. < . r. Dr. Charlie opened it without pause.. "I counted on your humanity; MieB \- . Hepsy,'' he said. " If this poor girl's \- '.V'. '/ .- life> to be saved, there's no time to - be: ' r lost." /i 't '> Miss Hepsy looked at the white', fixed face, the oloaod _ eyes, wjth the dim purple ahadowB boiicath,. the marble '"'.'y hands folded on the breaBt, as if death \- . had fixed them there in the sot of an « v. , /aternal prayer. " Poor ore'tur ' ! " she said; " she's \- Men heaps of trouble, I'll bo bolind, but Bhe looks as if it was all over now, Oomo in, come in. I suppose sb it's a v.-.; . :.'. -I p matter of life and death, I oan't ask I 'P ' -V .you to wipe your foot on the mat. Lov '' bless mo I eiob a pnsslo of dirty bn< ; w never walked, into my house .in my liii ;< ' ' CMel djrty, mon folha are, to be; eui u 1 ' But Mies Hepsy, though she longod intensely to wash out the mad traoks at once, controlled her desires, and made herself useful. With a Sigh of relief, she saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Oharlie and herself with the still in sensible girl. They chafed her handB and forced brandy tyetweon her lips. " Why, bless us, she's married 1 " oried Miss Hepsy, holding up the left hand, where the thin thread of a gold ring glittered. " The poor young thing 1 One heart will be sore after her. ' " . " Oh, we'll save her," Said Dr. Earn- shawe. " There is more flexibility now, and a foeble pulse." Even as he spoke, he had a strange sensation about this girl— as if he were somehow controlling her fate, and bring ing her back to a world of sorrow. If those white lips could speak, ' might they aotsay, " Let me go— let me glide -out of all the ills of life into the great peace of death 1 " Perhaps the untravelled glooms and avonues of death might be sweeter to this weary soul than any path of life, and yet he was foroing her oaok into earth's thorny ways. It seemed but a vague speculation. Yot this woman appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had come through great tribulation. A warmer tinge began to hover over the white face. - He Baw a faint tremble in the golden curve of the eyelids — a pale rose tint touched the lips. Miss Hepsey had wound up the damp yellow hair into a great coil that seemed like a glittering orown. What a rare and lovely face it was, with the .beauty of a lilly in the suu 1 " I declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints," said Miss HepBy, admiringly. " She's too pooty to be thrown about on beaobea like an old chip." Miss HepBy talked as if the ' etorm and waves should have had respect for looks in their wild frolics, an idea which made Dr. Earnshawe smile. " We'll have her all right in no time," he said, " and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good nursing, Miss HepBy," and he bowed. " I do hate mortally to be messing over siok vittles', to be sure," said Miss HepBy; " but—" " A work of meroy," suggested Dr. Charlie ; " and for the expeuse I'll be responsible." So the maiden lady's mind .was set at rost, and she went down stairs at once to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid. Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, watch ing the strange, mysterious process of returning animution. \- Where had the life gone that was now by slow and subtle changes ooming back to this beautiful casket ? Where had it found an abiding place — to what far realms of earth ana air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken ex clamation disturbed his thoughts. With spasmodio strength the girl raised her head, and reached out her hands. The blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated with terror, fixed themselves - on Dr. Charlie's face. " Where — where is it ? " she cried. Dr. Earnshawe touehed her brow with a oarressing touch we give to a ohild we love. " My poor girl," ha asked, " what is it?" She looked at him with a strange ter ror and a shudder convulsed her frame. Some half uttered word died on the lips which faded onoe more to their ashen hue. The faint rose tint flitted away from oheek and lip again, and ahe fell baok on the bed in a dead ewoon. - " Ah, all my work to do over again," said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he plied her patiently with more restoratives. " I think I was right about the poor girl. Life has not . been all sunshine and roses to her. No wonder she iB not in a hurry to come baok to it." But she did come back to it in time, she took up the burden, whatever it waa, at last. Not in the old way, but quietly, and with a deep sigh, she opened her eyes. She did not say a word. . " Now 1 will leave her to you, Miu Hepsey," Dr. Earnshawe said. "With feeding up she'll get on. Don't let her talk much yet' awhile." "Lor' bloss ye, dootor!" said Miss Hopsy, bustling about with hor bowl of gruel, "why should 1 want her to talk V 1 hain't the least ouriosity in the world. It would be all one to meet me if eho was deaf and dumb, fur as prying and finding out. was concerned; not as I'd wish her afflicted, poor thing I Now, some folks would." "I know; it's all right," said the dootor. "I'll call in the morning. I must see to the others." Tho girl's oyos followed him wistfully as he passed out of the room. . Some un spoken question aoemed to hover on her lips, . " Speak out, if you feel it would ease your mind, ' M as Hepsy said, aching to' know all about her strange guest. "Tliatik you. I will sleep, if you pleaao," and the wistful eyes closed wearily. i But Miss Hepsy saw a slight shudder, and heard the word " others " repeated.. "I rockon' she's in a bad way about somebody that was on that 'ere boat," Mi s Hepsy decided ; " but if she won't apeak out free, I oan't help her, should thiqk Bhe'd nigh about bu'st up with the thinking that she keeps up,' 'thout open- ink them, lips." ' - For the patient laterally obeyed the dootor's orders, and kept, v.ery quiet all day, swallowing all that was offered with, a low. "Thank you,", and then turning wearily to the wall, as'if she never cared to look at anything in the world again. But life, oolour ana strength oame buck as surely ae fl she had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in auoh atony indifference. V . J "Oh, yes ; she's well enough," Mis Hepsey replied to the dootor's inquiry at thedoorin the morning.; 'land! reckon you won't find her the wuss for .talking. Why, she- hain't propounded a single' question to mo, but takas it all ae nateral — hein'here— as if I'd raised her. . Now, that ain.t in natur — not as I take it." .Well, she is vory weak," Dr. Oharlie commenced. . , . . " Oh, fiddloBtioks," Mies Hepsy said, .-with an indignant sniff ; " if I should wake up in hoaren somo morning, do you think I'd make no roiuarko but make out I'd been au angel all my life ? It's my opinion—" "Don't form a hasty opinion, my dear madam. We'll know in time," inter rupted Dr. Earnshawo ; " and, of course, oil she's an inmato of vour houso, I shall feel bound to tell you what I find out." . This was «std in a low and oonfidontial tone, that molified the lady considerably. The emtio that illuminated hor thin face I w as hku a ray of bleuk wintry sunnhino, o.d she went up before the dootor with Mime ulaority. , ' . 'Mjdssjr/' ehe aaid, throwipg open the door, ' I don't know whether you'll reoognise him ag'in, but here's the gentle man who saved your life, by the blessing of God." The young girl raised a pair of said eyes to Dr. Oharlie s face, and seeming to find it pleasant to look at him, did not turn away. A faint color oame to her oheek as he took her hand. " What 1 eitting up already," ho said cheerily, " This' speedy recovery' is a "great compliment to my skill." She appeared 4w.eak eniugh, though, bolstered up in au old x orimaon stuffed ohair, her delioato face looking like a cl,-ftr-but white cameo against it. Miss HepBy had done her - boat with the blue merino drone, but it looked old and worn, with carefully darned plaoes here ami there. "I must get well," she eaid. " I have ho time to be siok," ' No timo I Ah', we all take time for that." " I wish to God I had diedl" oxclaimed the girl with a violence that made Dr. Earnshawe start and drop her hand. He waa glad that Miss Hepsy had gone out of the room. But by a great effort the girl calmed herself. She looked like a girl in spite of the glittering - thread of gold on Iter finger whioh proclaimed her a married woman. " Excuse me, doctor ; you have been kind to me — you meant it for kindness ; but never mind, tell me about the othors." "You had better not talk of -those terrible scenes yet," Dr. Oharlie said calmly; "the mero memory of suoh a shook is enough to unsettle you." " You must tell me ; I shall not get well if you don't," she said nervously, and Dr. Charlie thought she was anxious about her husband. " Was any'one dear to you on board 1 " be inquired. A strange look flitted across the beauti ful face. " My husband was there." Ah, here was a task for the new dootor. How oould he break the terrible news to this poor young wife ? He knew that not one of the four men saved oould be her husband ; he had seen them all that morning, and knew all about them. " What was his name 1" " Never mind ; don't ask me yet ; but tell me how soon I shall be able to move. I have no money. I oan never pay this good woman for her care. I cannot af ford to rest. How soon oan I go ? " Dr. Oharlie felt suoh. an infinite pity overcome him as he looked at the frail creature lying in the chair that he oould hardly speak, " You must not talk of moving," he 6aid ; "it would be death, When you are able — I— you saw, I suppose — " hesi tatingly. " Oh, yes ; but I must get away from here," the girl said, in a nervous way, olasping her. thin white hands together with a sort of repression of inward pain whioh the gentleman felt with a thrill of sympathy. "Promise me to be content for one week, and we will see," said Dr. Charlie, and he hoped much for that week. .> At the end of it, Dr. Oharlie oame in with his usual cherry laugh'. - " Well, Miss Hepsy," he oried out, " all tho patients from the wreok are off my hands but this one. I saw the last fellow off with his mother juBt now. Oh, how she hung around his neck and thanked me I " " Did they all go off with friends ? " said a low voice from this window. The dootor thought it must be as a death knell to her hopes when he said,— " Yes." Miss Hepsy bustled down to get tea, and the dootor sat Bilently waiting to think of some word of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. "I know what you v are thinking about," she said ; but you are mistaken. I am glad — glad I " Than the doctor wss too much sur prised to speaks "Perhaps you have never heard iu this favoured country of husbands who are brutes," she went on rapidly; " men- cowards, who vent .every malignant feel ing, eveiy disappointment on the poor woman whom the law has given them. Talk of slavery as the, English do — there are no worse slaves than most of the wiveB of their working men. I know— 1 have endured it for two years. Ah, it is over —I am. free 1 " " But," eaid Dr. Oharlie, still hesitat ing, " arouse me — you do not speak like the wife of- a working .man — your language — " "I will tell you all. You have been kind to me," said the poor oreaturo, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes, glittering with exoitemoat. " I shall feel better to talk to someone, I have had some edu cation, but I've always been miserably poor. The first I oan' reoolleot iB living in one of those tenement houses in Lon don — in a stuffy, olose room, where we cooked and slept. My mother sewed half the night, but she, taught me. , She had seen better days, but had run. away to marry a dissipated and improvident man. She was a widow, and her friends had oast her off. I remember one dread ful November day when a kind of sleety rain was falling. We had - no fire, and tho sharp wina arept through every oraukr and pinohed us with cold. I think my mother must have been in a despairing mood for days, but it had made no great impression on my ohildiah mind. 1 stood at the window, drearily looking out at the puddles of slush and water, and the drip pings from the worm-eaten gutters that . made dirty dimples iu them- now and then. Oh, how-it all comes baok to me to-day 1 My mother oame toward me. "'Here, Nell,' she said,, 'put this shawl about you, for you- look nigh clemmed with oold.' ' " ' And what' -will you do, mother ? ' I asked, for she; was taking the shawl from about her own shoulders, '"'Oh,' I'm warm enough,' ; she , An swered. . ' I feel aij if I liad .fira-Jn my veins; beside, I'm- going to drink this, and I'll never feel cold again,? \- " She was- dropping some dark stuff out of a vial when sho said this, and I oried out, — "' Give me some loo; mother, of the wonderful stuff.' "But she smiled— oh, suoh a bitter smile 1 I felt, ohild as I was, that some thing was wrong, and I watched her, half afraid, as sho sat silent for a time with her head on hor hand. Then I hoard her say,— "'Poor little Nell— poor littlo Nell 1' "Sho often said euch pitying wordB, but something in the tone then seemed to stir my heart. I ran over to her, and leaned on her kneo. She looked white and Bick. " ' You've got an aunt, ohild, she mut tered. "'Well, I don't care,'. I answered. 'I don't want har.' y ' " ' hor, dear, and— I think— shell- forgive you then— when I'm gone — people can't be angry with the dead — I believe — and she's very comfort able — you'll be better off.' "Then I noticed the ohange in my mother's face — the strange, convulsed, new faoe that soomed to have taken the place of the dear familiar one, and my screams of grief and terror brought in a crowd. But I make my story too 'long. EShe was dead 1 dead by her own hand 1 The dark drops were laudanum. Don't think ahe was a sinner,"- oried the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor; "don't judgeher." " I will not,- 1 assure yon. ' God for bid," said Dr. Oharlie. "Do not go on " I will make the rest short," she said. " I went to my aunt's— a grim, iron-grey old maid. . She had been onoe on the eve of beiiig married, and had even her wed; ding dress made, when the gentleman found his courage fail, and left for parts unknown. -Her fierceness against the other sex amounted to insanity. ' " ' No followers, girl,' she said sternly, when Ifi'rst wont to her. "I was only twelve and did not under stand what she meant, but as' I grew older she made the matter plain in many a tirade and leoture. I had a miserable life of it, but a-, en so I ahould not have left it for — " here the voice stopped for a moment. "Oh, let me get over.it," she went on impatiently. " I had to work hard enough, but I had enough to eat, and I ought to have been happy," with some scorn in the tones. "One day 1 hap pened to be caught in the rain. A young man who — well, who had expressed some admiration for me, overtook me, and hold an umbrella over me to my aunt's door. I had never specially oared for J em Bates— a bettle-browod, blaok- haired fellow, with awful gloomy eyes ; but he seemed good- natured, and I oould not refuse the shelter of. his umbrella in a pelting storm. " Oh, bow long I'm making this I" My aunt met me with a southing look. " Turn about — tramp 1" ahe soreamed. "Is this tho end of all I've done for you ?" and she went on in the most fear ful way, raving like a deliriona per son. "So she turned me out-out into the fearfnl storm, and I had not a friend." The dootor exclaimed, "Poor ohild!" and ho never once looked at his watch or thought of his other patients. " But the young man,' Jem Bates, was not far off. He Boon came baok. He had offered himself to. me onoe before, and lie did eo' again at onoe, with the rain dripping down on him, and making little rivulets in his black hair. I was reckless. I said ' Yes ' then, though I had said no before, and he took me to hia mother's. As soon as it oould be arranged we were married. Then began for me a hell npon earth. Passionate, stupid, obstinate, ornel — I need not go on. "Wo set sail for this country, where we hoped to get work. The storm came, I welcomed it as an angel from God sent to bring me deliveranoo. Don't shudder or hate me when 1 ceil you that I sprang first into tho.seething waters. I wanted no life-preserver; I rushed into their friendly, eool arms. You— yon brought me baok. How could you atone for that if you had not brought mo the good tid ings that my tyrant is gone 1" Poor Nell leaned baokwearily in her ohair, tired, buc with something of the old/pain gone from her pale face. Her pathetic eyes seemed still asking for all she had missed in life — true hap piness, true' love— but her lips were silent. The next moment it was all with in her grasp. ' Dr. Oharlie felt a great tide of love and pity pour into his heart. . All his prudenoe was swamped by that flood. The beautiful faoe before him shone like one of Raphael's Madonnas ; rosy white it gleamed against the crimson ohair. life from this time," he said, leaning down and putting hia hand softly on the golden hair. Nell looked at him with wide blue eyes. It was an odd time for a proposal — just after announcing the death of one husband. But Dr. Oharlie had never thought of her aB a married woman ; she was to him a fair young girl, a waif oast up by the sea for him — his own — his ocean trea sure— be had saved Her. Nell look at his frank, earnest faoe, and shivered a 'little beneath the fervent glance. "Oh, dootor," Bhe said, "find some fresher heart ; mine has gone through so muoh. T - think I can never feel again," But Dr. Oharlie thought no other heart would do as well. And when Miss Hepsy came up to the door — not to listen, of course, she soorned the aotion, but to ess if anythiug were needed— she heard, quite aooidentally, these words : " Oh, no ; not more than six months 1" Then the patient's voice softly said : " Six months at least, doctor." "Well, that's mighty queer," Miss HepBy refleoted. " I wonder' if he's talking about h'is -will ? But'thataih't a bit liko Dri Ohulie, to be insisting on his money . So Nellie Bates stayed in the little seaooast town, aud found work to do. ' Indeed, Dr. Oharlie had handkerchiefs innumerable, to hem, -enough to have suppl ied a whole tribe of baby kiokapoos, if savages had ever been .prejudiced by education in favor of suoh artiolcs. Miss Hepsy grew more friendly, for Nellie was a charming little person, and in the sunshine of lmppinoss grew so bright that she seemed like a sunbeam her self. ; Still, there were many ourioua com ments on the day of the wedding, especi ally by disappointed young ladies who had set their baps for Dr. Oharlie. "The artful , baggage,' said one; "do you know, they say she is a widow.". , " With old Weller, I say, ' Beware of widows,' hsr oompanion replied. " Sokes alive ! how does he know that her husband is really dead ?" Miss Hepsy whispered, in oonfidenoe, to a friond ; " 'twould be mighty inoonvenient to have him coming buck after a while, 'cob it ain't likely h'd havo as good manners aa that Enooli Arden feller, who jest went oil' and died aonsihly in tho niok of time without saying nothing to nobody." But Dr. Earnshawe had not takon the coriouc ctop of inarriago without making many onquirica and aottling the matter to his own satisfaction. Ho felt a happincsi that makes the heart afraid ; still, he trembled at some unseen shadow ; ho felt an unreality about it all, as if ho were the rictim of a strange dream. - Yet there at his firqtide Kud fable s the beautiful woman no oallod his wi to, growing dearer to him day by day. At last, when baby lips crowed a wel- oome to him on his return from weary rides, and dimpled baby hands were stretched out to meet him, he felt almost as if earth had no more bliss to To Nellie Earnshawe this now life was as if the gates of Paradise had opened for hor — as if she had died 'in the stormy waves of ocean on that tempestuous night and awakened in heaven. She sung about the house like a bird ; she bloomed into new beauty like a trans planted flower, ' ' ' ' i , One night— a night of Btorm and dark ness—she was listening for her husband's step ; baby Oh.trlie - was asleep _ in his crib ; the lamplight kindled up faint gold gleams on the little rings of flossy hair that lay on his white forehead. How cosy and comfortable all looked 1 the bright fire, the warm otirtains, the piotures on the wall, while the rain- beat against the window and' the wind wailed outside. ' - Jane sat thinking of the hard and'oruel past, and how God had lifted her out of it into a pleasant home, and given her a goodly heritage. Oh, the bitter, pinch ing, oruel time I What a dream it seemed to hef now 1 She went down to see that the suppor table looked bright — Dr. Oharlie must have a cup of hot coffee after his ride. The girl stood at the door, where a coarse looking man was inquiring for the dootor. " He is out," said the girl. Mrs. Earnshawe's face hail grown sud denly like the face of a corpse. The man stopped boldly forward. " The mistress will do as well. I will Bpeak to her." The girl was going to expostulate, but Mrs, Earnshawe oame forward. " I will see the man, Mary," she said in a low voice. " He oan leave the mes sage with me." . The man shot a fiery glance at her from beneath his blaok brows, but walked quietly enough into the doctor's office. Once in and the door shut, he. turned fiercely upon her with an oath : i " Faith, you carry it off bravely, my girl, and you opeu to the charge of bigamy.', " I — I believed you dead, Jem— as God is in Heaven, I didl" oried Jane. " And deuced glad you were to believe it, and short mourning you made," the man said, coming up to her with a threatening gesture, whioh brought baok — oh, so vividly— all the dread ful past; "I thought you were at the bottom, too, or I d hunted you up long ago ; but I was faithful to - your memory," with a sneer. The man had been drinking ; his horrible hot breath seemed to sicken her. Poor Jane 1 all the - refinements of the present only made the pastjeeem more in tolerable. She loathed him with dread unutterable. "Oh, here's an affeotionate welcome after two year's absenco. Gome, pack up 1 I want you now. I've let that blasted dootor have you long enough. / You can't keep house for him any more. Pack up everything, and all the spare money you can find. You ought to nave wages, you know." Was the solid earth slipping away bsneat. her feet ? Was a thick curtain of darkness let down<.over the world ? Poor Jane grasped the arm of the ohair to steady herself, for all seemed reeling around her. She felt as fl death itself haa grasped her heart with an icy hand, and she hoped it might be so. Oh, if life oould indeed go out now before she must go baok to that horrible existence and leave all she loved behind I But death did not oome. She felt life throbbing again tremulously in her veins ; she felt a ringing in her ears, as if all the bells of the ohurches faraway were tolling for her dead hopos. She faltered— " What do von ««k, Jem ? You do sot- want me — I am a burden — you have often said it— let me be in peace." " Well, this is virtne i This is my sainted Nell I And you'd live that way, would you, you baggage 1" andhe awore a terrible oath. " Oome, my prinoiples won't allow it. I ain't sunk so low yet. You thought I was dead ? You waated to think so, I dare say ; but if you believed it, the affair isn't so bad as it might be ; but if you bought me off now- and stayed, do you know what you would bs, my girl ?" Nell shuddered. She felt the truth, but right and wrong were strangely con fused in her mind. To go baok to squalor, misery and blows with this brute, oould not seem right ; to stay where all her best hopes, her love, her life were treasured, oould not seem wrong. She had a vision of her love, her darling, with his fond eyes looking down at her, and hia white forehoad and brown ourls, that she knew by heart. Oh, if she could only spring to those arms and die there I And her baby — her Princa Oharlie— she oould not speak of him. She trembled lest- his baby cry should reaoh the. ear of her companion, and awaken a torrent of ooaree inveotive and blasphemy. She oould not leave him— she would not. She would fly to the ends of the earth', and bide in its most forsaken spate . first — she would work for him till Bhe dropped dead first. This was the first gleam of hope— that entered the poor woman's mind, She oould not stay where ahe was. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man oould claim her, body, and soul — 'twaa so. nominated in the bond— but she would elude him, and find at least peace, if not happiness, in aome obBOure corner in the- world. Tho rain best down sullenly how, ' and a wild wind shook the tree tops. . Mrs. Earnshawe trembled at tho sounds. If the dootor oame new— oh, how would the parting be I " Where ars you ataying, Jem?" she asked. " At the Cottage Hotel'; rather low, eh ? Well, I like it low. I'm low my self." "Ill meet you there—" ' " No, you don't.. I'll keep an eye on you, my lady." 1 "Oan'tyou trust me, Jem?" Nellie said, quakiug with fear. " You know 1 can't stay- here. If I don't meet you at ten, oome here in the morning. I give you leave, Oome and claim me thon. I only want to do things quietly. I expect Dr. Earnshawe every minnte, and then what an awful seene. 1 cannot bear it, You must go now. I must have a little timo to mysolf," " To pack up, eh ? Oh, very well — I'm' agrocsblo: Pack up a good deal ; I'll allow ovory convenience .for that opera tion. I think I've'got you euro onougb, for the law's on my side," and tho burly fellow staggorod to hia foot with a parting oath by way of benediction. Jano did not Btop long. Sho rushed, up stairs, and began putting her things to- ffe&qr; with f santio baste. Prince Gharlia ' woke up and began to watch his mother with langhingblue eyes, as if all her move ments were part Tof a play ehaoted for his benefit. . . Should she write a line to explain ? No, . there was no tipie for. that. She oould send a few lines from the next atopping place. Oh, 'how desolate her darling would be when he oame to hio lonely home that night— wife and ohild both gone I She took up an old photograph, and kissed it again and again. In all her f runtic hurry! she took time for that. She looked around the pretty room full of beautiful tokens of his love with frenzied, eyoa— so pure and fresh itwaB — a lily of a room. She thought of the bare, oold places that must soon be her home— the toiling, empty life that awaited her ; and she felt foroed to ory out, aa one of old : " My God, ray God, why hast Tliou for saken me ?" ! She did not take many things, only useful and plain clothing. She could not bear to take the prelty ornaments her darling bad given her from time to time. She oould remember so well the happy scenes which eaoh- recalled. Had it all been a dream, or was this last a frightful nightmare, from i whioh ' she uhonld awake soon in an ecstacy of joy and peace ? Buhy Charlie's hat and ooat now 1 Oh, how the storm poltod against the window t How would she shield the darling in' the pitiless blast? But a dark and stormy night was all the bettor for thier flight. Few would be abroad then to give tidings of them to. any inquiry. ' Hark I The bloodstoodstill in her veins. If was — it was tho key in the door— a sound that always-set her ' heart beating. It bounded now not with the old joy, but with' a sudden and awful terror ; but she wont down. , Dr. Oharlie and others — a group of men. What had happeued ? Ho did not see her, but was giving orders. "Poor fellow, its all over with him. I reckon that pair of horses tramped the life out of him at onoe : but bring him in, and I'll do what I oan." Thon- glanoing up, he saw the palo face, as white as a ghost's, lookiug down. "Ob, Nellie, keep away." he called out ; " a man has been run over, and I was foroed to bring him here." But the full light of tho hall lamp fell on the man's bloated faoe as they oarried him in. The black brows, the olosed eyeB, the purple lips, Nellie knew wall, and she knew that hor delivorane had come. For the dootor said softly and reverently— "He is dead." _ His wife stole up to baby Oharlie's bed side, and fainted awav, with a prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 