RECENT PUBLICATIONS tUB The Australian Journal. — iho monthly issue of this old-established and favorite magazine keeps up its IP original character as a cheap and healthy medium of instructive and entertaining matter. The present part fi| for December is chieflv deVniorl literature of a lighter order; including serial and complete tales p0etry fashions, and facetite. '<Ari essentially colonial flavour is imparted by a sen sational story of the early, days of the gold-fields, and another instalment of detective stories by Waif -Wander. As is appropriate to the; coming 'season a large portion of the stories are con- ected with the Christmas celebration the most interesting beirig that- by the veteran novelist, Grrisvenor Banster in which sundry wawfarers meet in a hut on Christmas Eve and relate their several experiences. - The supernatural B elemene, without which nb ' work of B the season can be considered, complete B is furnished by a remarkable ghost B story, a novel: idea being tlie,appear- II anee of the- spectre in. ; a.-fij-st-class B railway carriage. Feminine taste is 1 consulted by' a plate of the latest B fashions and : description's of sundry B bridal toilettes, . also of the principal fif dresses .'worn- on Cup Day at the B Y.R.C. races', b A page of -News and B Notes, : another i of Answers- to Corres- B poridents, and- as a bonne boiwhe another n of short comicalities uiake up the con- B tents of this number of a journal which B is admirable in arrangement as it is B . moderate , in < price. flH ! Review-', oe; Reviews.— This work, n which ; is now-published in a -special B Australasian; edition, with a resident B editor) is fully : up1 to the mark as a H composite magazine, teeming with sub- fl jects of. both colonial and imperial 8 mfiirnrb TWn inf . B uivviMui . -a. iic. iiiLiuuuuLurj iiittuter re- H lates to >. the progress of the colonies, I dealing with: social and political sul> 9 jects, and, illustrated with selections 9 from the cartoons of the various comic 9 papers, the humorous press being re- 9 presented by an account of the rise and 8 progress of Melbourne Punch) with an excellent : portrait of Mr Alex. 9 McKinley, M.L.A., the present pro- I prietor. . The main portiou of the | magazine commences with an invitation I to readers to subscribe the sum of 1 £100,000 to start a newspaper on a f I novel and ariibitibus plan, by which I the whole amount is to be recouped to J the subscribers. : The Progress of the j World is noted in a series of short I notices of events 'throughout the globe, j and is followed" by several pages of caricatures, selected from British and j foreign comic papers. The most in j beiedtuig urLicie ib uiao relating to the Matabele war, in South Africa, in j which the origin of the quarrel is lucidly stated, and .the character of King Lobengiila- depicted from various points of view. : A mass of interesting iuatter is contained in the review of leading articles in other reviews, to which space forbids more than passing mention, and which must be perused in detail to appreciate their quality. . The Mining Journal is a London production, first established in 1835, and which, has improved in. .quality with its progress up to the present date. A great portion of this journal is devoted to . railway and coriimercial affairs, but what renders this issue specially interesting to colonial readers J is a detailed and graphic account of I the tin and gold deposits on the Agnes and Franklin Rivers at Wilson's" Pro- luuuiury, a uisunco wnicu nas as yet attracted but little attention as a field for. investigation and investment. The article is the more attractive to resi dents of this colony as it is the produc tion of Mr Chappell, jun., who has had many years' experience as a practical miner in this district arid also in New Zealand, and whose opinions as to the value of the metalliferous deposits of the locality are therefore entitled to favorable consideration. The article is written in a lucid and compendious style, -explaining the topography of the district, and giving a narrative- of the valuable discoveries made therein, the most astonishing being the diffusion of tin Jand : gold, as -proved ;by borings, through a depth of more than 90 feet in one locality. A very picturesque description is given of the agricultural area available, > and the forests of timber which furnish specimens of gigantic ' height arid circumference. The article is emirie'ntly practical, and should; direct the attention of capital ists to this ' as a very promising field for investment. Party Government: — This is the title of a, pamphlet, which with " Sug gestions for Better" is the production of Mr E. G. Fitz Gibbon, C.M.G;, who will be, remembered as holding the "nnsition nf Tnwn fflp.rTc nF VTpll-ir\nrno for' thirty-five , years, and who now acts as Chairman of the Metropolitan Board.of Works. The pamphlet will be rather startling to- those -who .arc conservative enough to. admire institu tions which have; been r. the result of centuries of developinent, . being a vigorous attack upon the existing system of government by party,.,ppint- ing out its imperfections arid abuses, and giving .suggestions for its remodel ling upon a basis more resembling the ancient Saxon. Witenagetnofe, .oiv the modern municipal corporation: : The origin of the British Parliament, with its ultimate division -into conflicting sections ; is - briefly . narrated, and its inapplicability to colonial requirements is forcibly demonstrated. In support of .his contention:: the. author quotes freely frqra'vmany;political writers' as to the- operation of ' Parliamentary government in various countries, bring ing, evidence! to show that under "that system . the good of - the: country has invariably been subordinated "to ; the struggle for place arid " power ' be tween two parties; This us . proposed to be remedied by adopting the muni cipal system, fpr which an elaborate plan is furnished. The principal part of this pamphlet was written sixteen years ago, and in an appendix' the author narrates more recent "events which he claiiris toconfirm liis" theory. The whole is worthy of careful perusal by those who have been disgusted with the delay of public business by self- seeking politicians, and .who wciuld approve any method of reform'or'im- provement by which" it: oiiglit'1 be facilitated. : . Hospital Night Warpsman.— At-tho meeting Qf the House Committee :of..t lie Ovens District Hospital . on : Monday, applications for the position ,, of,. Njght Wardaman were received and considered. Out of several applicants, Mr 0. Treacott was selected as being the best qualified for the position, and .it was' decided' to recommend his appointment to the General Committee at their meeting to be held on the following evening. - Beechworth Brass Band.— weffiave been desired to mention' thatr the T>and will play a number of poptdar selbctions at the Ovens Benevolent Aaylum'ori Sun day, ,17th inat. - 