A REPORTERS ADVEN TURES. BOW A DESERVING YOUNG MAK WON HIS SWEETHEART. 'TMEIREE o'clock in the morning is an w uncanny hour the world over except nl police headquarters or in the office of a morning newspaper, and it was in this latter place, at the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because lie had two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "must go in," sat with their feet on the tables and their chairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as :,b was when Adam doffed his bcaier and said "How d'y'do!" to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. "What for?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. "Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to livo." "A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claude in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 o'clock a.m. and leaving home as soon as he gob his 12 o'clock -breakfast." " But his wife would always know where he was, and if she didn't, she'd know where- ever he was after an item and had to be back at the office on time" remarked Charlie Smith. " Well," put In Claude, " if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get married? "Can't," Bnid Charlie, very positively. " Why nob?" ' "Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole; steauiboat when he hasn't money enough to. buy a splinter off a stage plank? How's a man to. buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt?" " That's it," interrupted Claude ; " how's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ? Wbrit's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" " Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. GirlB with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they, won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her irioney if the girl has her heart set on a hus- hand and can't get him ?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half-past three Btarted for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor was not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knob. His way led liim through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passed a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning - lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry by the reporborial instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, bloom ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar crackiug a millionaire's dining-room and making - off with his silver. He thought of the beauti ful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited arid listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious: to open the door than be was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The- reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered that the robber was ,nob on the outside, bub was evidently within, and was working his way out, and lie felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trainod it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open nnd Charlie was ready to cry "throw up your hands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. " It can't be a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to nitnself, "for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it ? " He hadn'tiJong to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out iqto tho vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped, " By garry," said the reporter " it's a Woman, and she's got on a night gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver ready in case . of accident, lie stepped out of the shadow rind spoke to the ghostly walker. "Good evening," he said, nervously. " No, excuse me, I mean good morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go back and put pn an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, bub this was anything but- an ordinary affair, and he did'nt require news paper instinct to tell him so. ' The sheeted /figure made no reply, but moved again arid came toward him. The cold chills chased each other down his back arid ho lookecl for a policeman, with the usual result. "Stand back," he said, " thiB pistol ain't loaded bub it might go off." Bub on it came, ana Charlie found that his legs wouldn't move, in spite of all he could do to make them. One step more and he stood face to frice With his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome -one, and ho began to feet better. " 1 beg your pardon," he said, " but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance. Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the yPung woman's side and gently took her by the arm. She turned her 'face to him and then the mystery was srilved. " Another Amiua," he said. " 'La Son-, nambula ' off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well-, this is ago!" "I've gob to take her in the house any how, that's plain," he said' to himself,- arid he gently lea the willing walker back up to the door and rarig'the bell, and rang it with a forty-horse power draft. Tho next): minute fclie beautiful sleep walker Was no. longer asleep -but wide awake, and Charlib had a very plump young woman in bis arims in a dead faint, and he made a dash with bis burden into' the hall, only'to riieet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. " What's this ?" he shouted, making a grab at Cbarlie's-throat. "Shut the door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, dropping 'the girl on the 'floor and almost putting diis foot on her, after the manner of sic sem per fcy ran n is. " What does ;thuf 'mean?" again shrinted the vountr man. 'arid the- remainder of the family came tumbling downstairs, none of them fixed to see cdmuariy. "Let goof me ana shut that door, and I'll tell you;"- wheezed .Charlie, " You don't want to raisritbe' neighbourhood arid bring, the patrol wriggon; do yoii ?"; Some ef the othritMni'embers-of the family by this time had 'irrocried the reporter and shut the' door, and- while the mother arid the servants carried.vthe unconscious girl" upstairs, Charlieftjd 'the father rind son how he had met thSiybring lady 'and what the trorible was. . knew him by sight/ arid bad 'Change and elsewhere/ and iMmdljScult to explain ' : \Yhen he - rericheShe office next day -a' nrite wa8 waitingiorTiim,and- he was invited to call that evening on the mother of -tjie young lady. ; : , Ho called, of course. Ho saw the mother ; semitrr fi>!, now if Gharlje is a bacheio-mocli-. longer' there will be rifbreueh 6f promitHS suit j or - Oiiie other dre:idfii|ck!nn)ipy, for CiiaHie's ! 