The Ghost in the Chair, A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBBAITH, (A NEW WBITBB.) (Complete.) This story requires explanation. The explanation will never be given, because no one of the theories of.cerebral pressure, spectral illusion, or hypnotic influence, by whioh people try to explain' away the unexplicable, can,get rid of the single fact that, shortly after three o'clock on a certain Friday afternoon, one hundred and fifty sane and sober men saw, or thought they row, Curtis Yorke take the chair at a general meeting of the San Sacrada Mining Company, Limited, at which time, according to subsequent medical evidence, he must have been dead for several hours. For some time bis friends had known that Yorke was going a little bit too fast. While hardly more than a boy, one brilliant hit had gained him a reputation in the City far beyond his years, and at an age when most men are expending their superfluous energy on the tennis-court or river, he waB finding brains for the working out of several big undertakings. Six years of unbroken success taught him to believe his luqk unfallible. When that changed, as sooner or' later it was bound to do, he began to loose confidence in himself; Like many men, who keep a level head in prosperity, he could not play a losing game, and for months past anxiety and overwork had been telling steadily on his nerves. Moreover, he was superstitions, and though he made no profession of religion,he retained an odd belief in the Puritanical dogmas of bell-fire and a personal devil. ThiB in some measure, accounts for what he said to Fielden four days before bis tragic end. The directorate of the San Sacrada Mining Company had been holding an extraordinary meeting. A crisis was im pending, and things looked black for the company, which was no bubble specula tion,'* but a sound and solid , concern, suffering from the effects of a persistent run of bad luck. Now, luck has more to do with the making or marring of mineB and men than the moralists would have us believe, and the luck of the San Sacrada Mining Com pany had all along been execrable. Unexpected hitches had occurred in securing the title to the property. The contractors had seen fit to export the machinery reversely to the order in which it was required. Delays had been caused by scarcity of water, and when at last the returns promised to justify the small fortune sunk in the dbaft, the Yankee manager, whose appointment had been backed by flaming testimonials, demonstrated his native 'cukeness by " skipping out" with twenty-five thousand dollars of the Com pany's money. His place was filled by an Englishman in every way qualified for the post; but before the effects of this change of administration could become apparent 4L.v nuiiaed, and all operations for the time being perforce suspenrtod. Nor was this all. Unpleasant rumours began to circulate as to the stability or the concern. It was said that money had been borrowed at a .reunions rate of interest; that the company was insolvent: that the very plant had already been seized by'their creditors. One of the financial journals got hold of the story, and; treated it after its own inimi table fashion. The company brought an action against the paper, and won their case thereby, incurring heavy law expenses and advertising the: scandal, for the public to a man read the offending article, while only a small section took the trouble to acquaint themselves with proofs of its inaccuracy. The shareholders grew restive, and it became known that the forthcoming general meeting was likely to be stormy. It was then that their board held their extraordin ary council. There was much discussion and many futile suggestions, but no reso lution was passed, because, if the situation wpre to* be saved, it would be the work of one man. and he hadn't had time to think out a plan of action. This was the chair man^ Curtis Yorke, who, having nothing to say, had said it exceedingly well, and now was aimlessly scribbling on the back of some papers lying before him on the table. The board-room was almost deserted. Four of the five directors had gone home; the fifth remained at the special request of the chairman, who had then relapsed, into Bilence and hieroglyphics. A casual observer might have judged his occupation mere idling, and interrupted him without hesitation. Fielden knew better. He not unfrequently annoyed his own clients during important interviews by adorning his blotting-pad with minutely detailed presentments of cutters and yawls, and he understood that miscellaneous sketching on oocasion may be the outcome of deep thought. Therefore he waited, leisurely drawing on his gloves, until at the end of twenty minutes Yorke, without lifting his head from the paper, began to apeak. He said in a low, even voice that the com pany was going to the devil; that there was only one man who might be induced to see them through,, and he was on the continent and his exact address uncertain. That the moat important thing now was to gain time, and for that purpose they must find a smart jnnnr, a man who nnnM talk and wasn't too well lennwn ; give him' five shares and ft nheqtif* fnr fifty gninnns, and put him on at the general meeting t<> impress the shaie-1 holders with the necessity for keeping qnifit. He went on to say that the San Sacrada mine was the third venture that had gone wrong within1 six months, and that he, Yorke, regarded it an omen. That if it came to {?*!<?( ho should never do .another . Btrok" Vin^iness; that he would be'down and doJJU|loiv .... : . , . But that it.should not come to grief, because, he intended topull it through at the price of liia own soul. That he was pre pared to sell his soul for .that enfl, ana lie believed the sale would shortly be con- j eluded. 1 ? At that moment the fire crackled, and Yorke jumped as if he Bad'been shot.*: Then he laughed rather tfwktfardly, add explaM' that he had not slept for a fortnight, and his nerves were all to pieces. "I believe," he said apologetically, "that I've been talking d rot. To tell the truth, I don't know all the time what I'm saying. It's this beastly insomnia. But you , understand what I want for Friday. I made that clear. We must have some one io tackle this Simson brute, or he'll carrjf the whole meeting with him. Nothing the I Board can say will weigh with the share-1 holders; but a split among themselves may I gain time, and time is money to us just now. I Fielden thought he knew a m&n; who I would do, and he asked who Simpson was. I " A dirty little outside broker. The miserable beast hasn't more than a hundred sbareB in all;jbut he's) quite capable of! upsetting our cart'as things! are at present." I " It is always the small,holders who give I the most trouble," said fielden, preparing j to go. " I'll Bee my man to-night, and send you a wire ir the morning; If I were you, Yorkio, I'd look in at my doctor's on the way home, and get him to give me some bromide or something. You're running j under too big a strain. It isn't nice to hear | a: sensible man talking nonsense about his j sout. If you came out with that sort of thing at a meeting the reporters would say you were drunk. Besides, there's no demand for the article nowadays. They are j altogether too oheap. Good-night." ? Yorke went with him to the door. ' ! It was raining hard, and the evening air felt raw and chilly. He shivered as he | returned to the heavy boardroom. His head felt heavy, and there were two pink spots on I the green cloth which worried him. He sat down again at the table and be gan to play with his pen, writing odd words on the blank sheet of paper. I He certainly had been a fool to let him self go in that way before Fielden. He must have been a bit off bis head. And yer it was true. He would sell his soul if that would ensure his coming safely through tbiB business. I Hie soul! Fielden had said that souls were cheap. It City men had souls, what mean, seabby things some of them would be. Yorke tried to imagine what one would look like and laughed.' His laugh was not good to hear. f And yet it was a big price to offer, for it was the last possession of the human being the only thing he was to carry out of the world into the blank Beyond. And it could j burn. He remembered a picture he had seen as a child in an old Bible, of BOUIb burning in hell. Souls with human faces horribly distorted by pain. Yes, that was the end of lost souls-hot fire. The rain swirled against the low windows, and Yorke's teeth chattered. He was cold now, and the company was going to dmasb. He had said all along, that if this venture went down he should go with it. It had come to mean everything or nothing with him, and to know for certain that he was going to pull it through he would sell bis npul. . ? He be^au TTiUJug again, the words form ing themselves automatically beneath his fingers " I, the undersigned, hereby covenant and agree to guarantee the loan of such moneys I as will cover the working expenses of the San Saorada Gold Mine for the space of six calender months, and further to insure, the complete Buccesss of the company, in con- j sideration of the surrender of the soul of Gurtis Yorke, chairman, at Buch time and for such purpose as I may hereafter determ ine. (Signed) x his mark." It was the merest vagary of a disordered I brain,*but'YorKe's heart gave a great bound as he read and re-read the words. , Then his jaw fell, and his faoe grew set and rigid with terror, the terror that wipes out all manly strength and courage, and leaves room for nothing but an abject shaking cowardice. The perspiration stood out in great drops on his forehead, and his eyes were bolting out of his- head as he gazed on the paper before him. On the blank space left for the signature Jive I Icttyrs Jiad come oM incharacters that merred and.glQWed' at /if' they were traced in J flame, t Every drop ol blood in Yorke's body went to his heart. For one-awful moment he remained paralysed and immovable. The next, with a desperate effarfc, he had seized the sheet of foolscap, and staggering across the room, flung it in the fire. The thick paper shrivelled*-curled, and broke into a blaze. Yorke snatched up the oker and stirred the coals into: ia fiercer eat, crushing the charred fragments into the glowing embers. Then the poker fell from hiB.hand with a crash, and he sank into the riearesfcehair, shaking and sweating like a soared pony. : The clock on the mantlepiece struck six, and the sound recalled him to a sense of mundane things.. He stood up And passed his hand across his damp forehead. "Good God I' he muttered, "my head must be going. It wasn't real. It couldn't be real. Fielden's right. I'm running under too big a strain. I'll see Jones at I once, and get something to pull me I together." He put on his overcoat and went down stairs. r , ? A clerk was coming up the passage with a telegram in his hand. Yorke stopped under the gas-burner to open the yellow envelope, and his faoe turned a shade paler as he road the contents. - It was a message for which he had been waiting all day. The address of the one man who could save the company. This happened on Monday. By Wednes day afternoon Yorke had reached Paris, seen Van Hooten, and brought their con ference to a successful issue. His oonduct of the transaction was throughout masterly, and aroused the great financier to an almost paternal expres sion of admiration. " You are vou ver' clever, youug man," be eaid to Yorke at the close of the inter vieV. " I haf watched yon for three, four, five years, and I say to myself,' He does go far, zat tyy,; bat he will arrive.' What ycra made'<,von- letie mistake last Spring-, about those Guatemalas, Zat iB nothing. I myself haf also made mistakes. You are young ; you buy your experience. So! But in ze end, you will succeed, for you haf a head. Mein Gokt! Wtiat a head for a man so young. You-see. I liaf beliefs in you. T lend you my influence. I trust you with my money, because I look for you one day to do great things. There is no fear. You will succeed." "I shall succeed this time," said Yorke. He took leave1 of the big man gratefully, for Van Hooten had been a good friend to him. When he got back to bis hotel be locked himself into his room and drew a paper out' of bis pocket-book. It was an exact duplicate of the weird bond he had burned in the board room on Monday evening. Impelled by an insane desire to see if the horrible delusion would repeat itself, he had three times re- written the document, watch ing with a painful admixture of interest and dismay the ghastly signature come out on, the white paper. Then, in an access of terror, he would destroy the evidence of his unholy compact, only to reproduce it an the first occasion he found himself alone. - Meanwhile the treatment prescribed by his doctor exercised a slightly beneficial effect. He did not'sleep, but'his brain, on the single point in which he ' was vitally interested, became phenomenally clear, add' his powerB of endurance . appeared to be practically unlimited. In the three days intervening between' the board and general meetings Yorke did the work of ten men. On the Thursday night he devoted himself to the preparation of his speech. He told his servant, who left him in his own room at eleven o'clock, to put a glass of milk and a syphon of soda beside the bed, and on rio account to disturb him in the morning until he rang for hiB shaving-water. . He was then writing; The man went to bed. Yorke must have worked late into the night, for be had made a fair copy of'ttie rough draft of his speech and added several sheets of notes. When the speech was delivered, it was noticed that, contrary to custom, tbe chair man used no notes at all. He brought with him no papers whatever, and he arrived very late. The room was paoked, and the general temper of the meeting so manifestly^ turb ulent that Fielden's neighbour bad> given it as his opininion that if Yorke did not turn up soon, neither he nor any one else would be able to obtain a hearing. The words were scarcely past his lips before the tall figure of the chairman became visible amidst tbe crowd surging about the door. He wore a heavily- furred coat, which he did not attempt to remove, though the atmosphere was oppressively As he made his way up the room and took his placet at, the table, a peculiar still' ness beoame.apparent. It (originated with those in the immediate neighbourhood of tlm nhaiv, and passed likp » magnetic wove over the entire audience. Gradually the determinate hnm of voices dropped, wavered, and died away. When Curtis Yorke rose to address the meeting, he was received in silence. The speech which followed was the most remarkable piece of oratory ever delivered at a company's meeting. It comprised the entire history of the San Sacrada Gold Mine, with details and statistics, several of whioh, unknown at the time even to the directors, were. subsequently verified by telegram and proved to be absolutely exact. Yorke's manner created a profound impression. He spoke for an hour without a single hesitation, and he held his bearers spell-bound. Not an argument was wasted, not a point lost, not a possible objection left unanswered. The man waB transfigured by his, intense earnestnesB. His face was inspired, his whole person dilated. He predicted the future success of the company with the authority of one who knew. Every word he uttered carried conviction ; and when at last a vote of confidence in the Board was put td the meeting, it was put without & single dissentient. Then an odd': thin& happened. Without a word, the chairman rose and left the room. The crowd fellbaok, making a way for him to the door. His. disappear ance was succeeded by a second of dead silerioe. Then Fielden, acting on an impulse, for which he could never after wards account, sprang up and followed. He wasn't more than a minute in' gaining the stairs; but when he reached the passage Yorke was nowhere to be seen. He hurried out to the pavement. A brougham had just pulled up at the kerb, and some one called him by name. It was the doctor whom Yorke was in the habit of consulting. ? . He said something, the drift of which Fielden did not catch, for he was looking up and down the Btreet, and answered by the question uppermost in his mind " Have you seen Yorke ? " The reply was startling. "Yes; poor1 fellow1; but there was nothing , to be done. He must have been dead for hours. His servant begged me to come to you. He said there are some important papers which you " " What the deuce are you talking about ? " Fielden interrupted impatiently. " Yorke's no more dead than.I, am. HehaB been at the meeting since.'three: o'dlock. He has only just this minute left. I followed him downstairs."' Then, catching the peculiar expression of the medical man's face, he added warmly " I'm neither mad nor drunk, Dr. Jones. If you don't believe, go upstairs. The whole meeting's there, reporters and all. ABIc them who toak the chair this after noon. Dead men don't make Buch qp&ebhes; as Yorke baB just given us." There was no doubting the sincerity of his tones. Dr. Jones oonBidered a moment; theti he asked a rather sio£Ular question " Did you," be said, " speak to Mr. Yorke yourself? " No; be left the. room suddenly, without addressing any one Tpdividuallyf I thought the strata. baa beeriVtoo: i&rich; for him-he bad spoken? really magnificently-and I followed, but- " " Ah ! " interjected the other softly; " I think, Mr, Fielen, Fmust ask you to come back with. me. There are papers about of which you.as an intimate personal friend of Yorke's and a representative of the company, bad better take charge. Besides, you may be able to elucidaiate " " Do you;" said Fielden, " seriously expect me to- believe the death of a man whom I have seen within the last five minuteB ? " "I expect nothing. I merely tell you that Mr. Yorke was found dead in his room at at half-past two this afternoon. He had given orders overnight tbat he was not to be disturbed uutil he rang ; but bis servant knowing he was to attend an important meeting at three o'cloqk, became uneasy, and, after repeated attempts to obtain ad mission, broke open the door and found his master as [ have said. The man at once sent for me, also for Dr. Lewis; of Harley Street; bat, of course, there was nothing to be dbrie. M^r Yorke; must "have been dead for at least five hours!" The body was quite cold. The.cause of death was cere bral apoplexy, brought on by nervous pressure and prolonged nervous strain. I have known for soine days that he was in a serious condition of health. The brougham rolled noiselessly on its way. Fielden was staggered. _ His mind refused to take in the full meaning of the /doctor's words. Neither man spoke again till the carriage drew up at;the chambers which Yorke occupied. His'servant''was waiting for them in the hall, and led tho way upstairs. The bedroom was in dis order; the candles had burned low in their sockets; papers were scattered over the writing, table and floor. On the bed, which bad not been occupied during the night, lay the dead body' of Curtis Yorke. " He was found here," said the doctor, indicating the writing table. " Evidently he was working up to-the end." 'Pielden had been standing;by the bed, reverently looking down on the still face on the pillow. The door of a wardrobe opposite had swung back. As lie raised'his head, his eyes fell upon Yorke's fur-lined overcoat, and the events of the afternoon came baok upon him in their, weird improb ability. He crossed the room and laid a shaking hand on the doctor's arm. " What does it mean? " he asked hoaisely. "Wlutdoesit mean?" I saw him, I you, not half an hour ago. I heard him speak, and yet-he is dead. For 'God's sake, what doev it mean ? " " I don't know," the other answered simply. " There are some things, that won't bear explanation. The affairs of the company were very much on his mind ; " and, turning over the papers lying on the table, he added: " He was preparing liis speeoh when the end came. Look here; is this anything like what you heard ?" Fielden looked, and a smothered exclama tion esoaped his lips as ho glanced down the closely-written pages. He was reading, word for word, the speech to which he had listened barely an hour before. The eyes of the two men met, and Fielden nodded. There was a pause, broken only by the rattle of a passing cab. A corner of the hearthrug was turned up, and the doctor stooped meohanically to straighten it. Under the fold lay a piece of paper. It. had dropped from the dead man's hand and remained there unnoticed since the removal of the body.' Fielden heard his compahien draw in his breath with a soft; sibilant sound, and looked up. " What is it ?" he asked. "Convincing pooof, if it were needed, of that poor fellow's mental condition. Good God! what a strain he must have been running under before things got to this pass. Read it for yourself. What do you make of it ?" Fielden read, and there oame baok tp his mind' the words Yorke'had spoken 'in the board-room four days before, " I am prepared to sell my soul, far that end, and I believe the sale will shortly be concluded." It was the last copy of that extraordinary document by which the unhappy man believed he had saved the San Sacrada Mining Company and lost his own soul. On the back of the paper Yorke had written:- , "My friend Fielden has said that there is no demand for souls nowadays-that they are altogether too cheap--but he is wrong. The devil is never weary of bringing men; to destruction, as I am proving, at what cost is: known only to myself. Though I am now past hope in this world or the next, I solemnly swear that I did not seriously inted to register this Bbameful bargain with the powerB of darknesB. & "In a moment of abstraction, hardly knowing what I did, I wrote out the original of this agreement.. Three minutes later ft was signed, and I knew, that I waB loBt. " I saw the vile name come out in letters of fire-the fire of hell, in which my soul, that'I have bartered avVay, must burn here after. " Six times I'have destroyed the outward evidence of thi? cursed bond, only to be compelled, by a power stronger than myself, to reproduce it, and cratch the awful sig nature again affixed. His share of the compact will soon be completed. My part !B yet to come. - The surrender of 'my BOUI ' at such time and for suoh purpose.' _ The , purpose I know only too' well. _ The time iB yet uncertain, but I feel that it will not be long. I am now tormented bv one terrible fear; that the call may come before I have seen the' Buooess of the oompany assured ; thai after all I may be cheated out of my dearly»bought triumph. But that I am resolved not to Buffer. Surely my body will have strength to resist; tay willpower suffice to claim that laBt privilege. Come what may, I'will not yield up my immortal self before Friday's meeting. After that I oare little how soon the summons comes. This hourly suspense is torture, worse than any actual Buffering, My brain is burning already. My ' mind is already in hell. But-" Here the v^riting ceased, with a faint downward^ stroke 4 ol! the-1 pen, as it had slipped through the nerveless fingers. It was Curtis Yorke's last word. The summons had come. Fielden's eyes were w6t as he finished reading. " Poor fellow," he said under bis breath. " Poor Yorke, My God! What he must have gone through!" He turned the paper over, and looked at the strangely worded agreement. The space left 'for the signature was blank. This is the truth of a story to which no one will give credence, least of all the hundred and; fifty 'odd men who heard Yorke's speech at the general meeting of the San Sacrada Mining Company, They will prefer to believe that two competent medical authorities made a mistake of five hours in assigning the time of his death. For there is nothing to which human nature objects so , strongly as contact with the supernatural, and no' credulity equal to the credulity of the incredulous. 