ECHOES- (BY 44SOUHD.") In the early days of Victorian cricket there war a famous professional bowler- "Gid" Elliott, who nsed to say be could make a ball ehoot five times out of six." There ie no doubt his bowling did shoot, and that- above a bit, as many of bis old Inter colonial opponents will be prepared to admit. To say, however he could ' make a ball shoot whenever be liked," was a bit of tall talk, such as many men will indulge in ; given the wickets of the present day, he could no more do it with any degree of cer tainty than he conld fly. Bat there are still some pitches on which a ball is as apt to shoot as not, and one of these was placed at j the disposal of Walker, whilom of Fens- hurst , who, playing for G i a- geburn against the Hamilton oa iUturday bowled not only w itfa great precision, bnt with a eb- ot that baffled all his opponents, except Melville. I think I do not exaggerate when I say that nineteen out of twenty balls delivered by him were regular " daisy-croppers." The Y.R C. have taken many precautions to protect the public and the Turf Clubs under their wing from the fraudulent practices which are r.garded as legitimate tricks of the trade by a certain class of rac ing men. But several of the provisions require considerable elaboration to make them of practical nee to country racing in stitutions. For instance, in the monthly calendar a list of disqsalified horses appears, the list being presumably a guide to stewards of clubs in general. Yet the bare name of each horse is given end there is no description whatever ; neither brands, colour nor antecedents being mentioned. We see the names of 44 Hector," "Kate," John Bright," and so forth, bnt how the stewards of any meeting are to pick out any one of these disqualified animals by luc uuiuc uiuBb ue iciL vo boe v . r,u to say. Hector may be a bay, a black, or a chestnut gelding, or be may be a browu colt, and Hate may be a brown filly, a bay mare or even a piebald, but as nothing short of a circus bor6e will answer to a name even by so much as a prick of the ear none bat the clever crowd behind can say which of the many descriptions fits the home. A glance at the list of names will give a pretty good idea of how the cbauges are rang by these same clever people. Thus we have 4% Babs " (lite Jack's the Lad) d if qualified for life at the Ballarat Hunt Clnb races, 1892; then 14 Woolpack " (late 41 BabB " late " Jack's the Lad " again rubbed out for life by the Myrnong stewards 2nd Jan., 1893; and lastly " Drover" (late "Woolpack" late 44 Babs " late "Jack's. the Lad") 21st Feb., 1893, for life by the Watchem Tnrf Club. Here we see the same horse disqualified for the rest of bis career three times in two years and twice within about six weeks time " Jack's the Lad," alia " Babs," alia ' Wo ?Ipack," alias Drover," is probably one of the nufortucate "cronk ' horses which has been diecovered, bat hw many others on that list have not been discovered it wonld he riiffirult nncco «t Certainly they might race for a very long time before the list would of itself guide the stewards of any Clob to the detection of the fraud. Another list published in the Calendar which is open to serious objection is the registration of " chaDge of horse's name." A man may race a horse under the name of "Jack," say at Hamilton, and then start the same animal at Ballarat as" John." If the owner runs the gauntlet at Ballarat and gets off with a winning bracket, be simply goes to the V.R.C., states that his borte had been wrongly entered, and on payment of £1 his horse is registered as 44 John" (late " Jack") and contiooes to race as such in fntore. I main- lain that the V.R.C. should exercise mo6t stringent precautions before con senting to register a change of name. Enquiries should be made, and the credit of the owner tested before alterations are effected. I know of more tbao ooe clever piece of running that has been worked through this elastic rule for chaugiog names, which bas been a cloak for many of the practices which disgrace onr racecourses. The careless manner in which the registra tion ie attended to, may be gathered from the following which appears In the No vember calendar, " Diver (late Salesman) to T7nhAnlt n/1 An " Tki. kA.u. C_ il i .. &u;» UWIW 43 n Cll foUUWII ID this district &6 Hohenlindcn, the name originally bestowed upon him by the late Mr. Dugald M'Pherson, who first raced him. Yet it seems that having raced under at least two other titles, " Diver" and " Sales man," he is now registered aa Hnbenlinden, and bas thus returned to his old ideutity. I would suggest that the committee of the Hamilton Racing Club might accomplish a good work in the interests of straight running, if they called the attention of the V.R.C. to these transparently ineffective publications in the Calendar. He was a stutterer with a lively imagina tion. and having been some time away from home retained fall of the wonders that he had seen. Amongst other things, he talked about a petrified forest, somewhere ontside of Victoria, may be in Queensland, and this is what he had to say about it:— "Every t-t-ree in it," he said, " was p-p-peterfied. 1 es," he went cn, ' in one p-p place we f-f- f-onnd a 1-1- leg c-c cabin, and that was p-p- peterfied too. A sh sh -short d-d-distaoce from the I-l-log cabin a-s-atood a m-tn-man with a g-g-gon np at ilia eh-sh-onlder ; and the m-m-ao was p-peterfied and the g-g-gon was p-peterfied. And the smoke f-f- from the gun was in the air, and that was p-p-peterfied ; and not f-f-far off, i j-just in 1-1-line with the gnll was a little D-b-bird, and he wae p-p-peter fied, too, and a-s-Btayed right there in the air in his p-p-peterfied state.' "Joe." we replied with indignation, ' why do yon try to impose upon ns with yonr petrified non sense? This is sheer rot that yon are giving us. The idea of a petrified bird hanging snspended foil in mid-air ! Why, Joe, the weight of the bird would obey the law of gravitation and fall to the gronnd aa soon aa lie waa shot.1 Oh-h,' exclaimed the im perturbable joker, ' yog d-d-doo't under stand. The 1-1-Iaw of gravitation was p-p- peterfied, ton." Mr. J. Hinchliffe'e game little hnnter Steeltrap led the field for the Steeplechase to the third fence from home at Warrnam- bool on Friday last. He got in too close to the biggeBt obstacle of the lot, however, and toppled over, Laverty escaping without injury. The horse waited a few seconds after he regained his feet, but Laverty did not remount, and in any caae he had not a ghost of a show after the fall. Io fact Vittoria proved to have too much foot at the end of a fast run race for anything, and bar « iuu an. Hamilton grey could have lived with Mr. .Manifold's mare in the run home. Vittoria is by Wellington, from Hurricane. Handy Andy ran very well with J. J. Allan in the saddle, bnt he waa also outpaced after jumping well throughout. The surprise of the day waa the defeat of the mare Neli, by the Bolton Green colt Badajos, in the Show Handicap. Badajoe ie a vastly improved horse on his two-year-old form, bnt he is reported to be of an unosrtaio and cross-grained temper. Nell waa made a hot favourite, and those who saw her go with the Mains borne, Regal, in the last Hamilton Racing Club Handicap, could not have faargained for her defeat on Friday last. However, the home that would have won bad he stayed on the course, was Mr' M 'Kenna's Sovereign, the chestnut that got home in the Maiden Plate at the North Hamilton Club meeting in Sep tember. The handsome chestnut com pensated to Some extent for his bad- tempered ruouiog in the Handicap by conceding Seaman 31bs and beating Mr. Robert Whitehead's horse In the Flying Stakes, Bsdajos being third. A three- year old daugh ter of Skipper, Ocean, proved that ehe is a worthy scion of the sire of Ocean Wave, by winning the Plate in pretty smart company.and Oarsman waa one of the favourites which brooght the public home by beating a good field for the Hurdles. flnma nf f.kfl H a miHnn nant!...ai 1 J aawuiMWU WUUUUCUii U&d; B moist and merry time over the Warrnam- faool races list week. The glorious ozone was invigorating, and our representatives made a good deal ofa figure at the Show and the races, mud were indeed the centre of a convivial and enthusiastic group, which made the pace a craqkerrigbt through. A pair of- friends had a peircf horses sent on to Kortrit, thence to drive to Hamilton -on ; Saturday. The driver, was all ready , at train time.butasWaaal the other fellow was missing. Various dispensaries were visited and finally the missing one waa discovered in a dining room surrounded by oyster shells and bidmfle.'of. -another riozen. la rtkphnle reTrantic appeals to catch the train ns said be couldn't think of starting till they were "all foil insideeh." Besides there waa. " 'nother.five dosensb ordered and they mast be accounted for. However, the other half of the pair Induced him to leave, and he wen t to his hotel to get bis' things. Then the driver discovered that the «xpreas was delayed an hoor or so, and he promptly retained to the sce -e of the oyster banquet, and ;Vith the assistance of the hotelkeeper disposed of the odd five dozen succulent bivalves. Just at the conclusion of the feast the original oyster fancier returned and was disgusted" to find that the hat of the five dozen had disappeared. The triumph of the driver would have been complete but for the fact that tho last two oysters were ancient and venerable specimens of the fish, and he is off the delicacy on shell ever since. There is nothing striking in this anecdote, bnt it is the best of a very mixed batch I have had to listen to from the Hamilton contingent, and therefore leave my readers to gness what sort of inflictions the others are. Cycling is reaching a high state of perfection, machines are constantly being improved and so is the pane made. Recently a twelve hours contest was held under the anep:ces of the London County Clnb, when in the first hoor the leader had covered 23 miles 70 yards, 46 miles 330 yards was left behind in two hours, and eventually Wridge- way won by negotiating 240 miles 690 yards in the twelve hours, covering over 14 miles in the last half hoar, and beating the world'e record by I don't know how many miles. It may be added that rain fell during the contest, and made the track unpleasantly \ greasy for the performers. This season of the year, when we hear so mnch of horBe-racing, tips, sweeps, etc., re minds me of a remarkable " anticipation" made by George Rex, some years ago, in con- nection with the Melbourne' Ciip. It' was" when the Racecourse Hotel waa io existence, that a few sporting men organised a £1 sweep in Hamilton, and there being considerably utci iw ooaiiuatiuuH id i<uc uig event idm year it was rather as extensive local affair. There wae no difficulty, however, experienced in getting a sufficient number of subscribers to warrant the promoters in appointing a time and place to draw the horses. The Racecourse Hotel wae the ren dezvous. At the hoor appointed many of those interested attended to witness the fiance, when it was ascertained that three tickets remained unsold. They were at a lose to know what to do to complete the list, aa those present did not feel disposed to speculate any farther than they had already done. One gentleman suggested that as there were so many nominations it would be an easy matter to pick out three non-Btartere, and Rex being deemed the 44 most fit and proper" person to perform what appeared to the assemblage a simple tack, was appointed to use his judgment io discarding three of the entrants. This he did, and the drawing waa proceeded with. The -Gap -day. arrived, and the race was won, and judge of the surprise of the whole of the shareholders when they diecovered that George had selected the first, second aud third horeee, as nrobable non-starter. The nromoters were again in a dilemoa, and had bnt one course left, viz., to return the money. This remarkable occurrence can be verified by some gentlemen who are still living in Hamilton, and were present on the occasion. 