A Wedded Widow, : ' or THE LOVE THAT LIVED. r PART II. CHAPTER XX. : A COINCIDENCE. ' Very rapidly the cab rattled on, swung out of the business thoroughfares into the broarid streets of the aristocratic quarter, and went clattering away in the direction 01 West-end. Mignonnette gave up star ing iqtp, the storm, for. no pedestrians were £b£oad her, and there was a calm, cold, stately grandeur about tne place even the tempest could not wake to any semblance of life when the " London season " was not in. On past the grand old mansions, under the flaring lamps and thea'ngry, sky, the carriage rolled : and where-it was stateliest and calmest and grandest, rattled up to the kerb and came to a cead halt. Before them stood a tall, gloomy-look ing building — gloomier than ever in the night and in the storm — and directly opposite arose a magnificent structure of spotless white marble, with imposing colonnades lining the broad steps, and leading to, a facade engraved with ar morial bearings you could mt make out in the darkness, where nymphs in Italian marble held clusters of lamps that were not lighted, and looked like tall white ghosts in that eerie light. Cabby sprang down from his box and opened the door of vehicle, while Mr. Dimisdale assisted the little cripple to alight, and1 then carefully led her up the wet and slippery steps, giving the bell a violent pull by way of rousing Mrs. Griggs from her peaceful slumbers. The housekeeper, had been duly warned that very morning to expect them at any hour, , anfi ashe , had evidently thrown herself upon the bed without undressing ; for in a minute after the summons had been given, she made her appearance, looking flushed and sleepy-eye. 1, but attired ready to receive them and muttcrftg a' few words of explanation, Mr. Dirmsdale : Jed the little cripple in while his" kinsman remained behind to settle with the cabman. - When the door had closed behind his cousin, andl good Mrs. Griggs had waddled iff way to prepare a chamber for Mademoiselle' Mignonnettc's reception Mr. Karslake alighted and felt for his purse. " Well, my good man, how much am I indebted to you ?" he asked quietly, and cabby touched his cap. " Six shillings, sir," he answered, rub bing his palms together, and eyeing the plethoric wallet Mr. Karslake produced. " It aren't too much sir, are it ?" '.I.think not," Mr. Karslake said, ex amining the contents of his purse, and looking vainly for something small enough tcrmeet the demand. " Hello ! I wasn't aware I was so short of change. I'll have to call my friend to the rescue. I've nothing smaller than a sovereign." He had started towards the steps as he spoke, bt (cabby, touched him gently on the arm. " You needn't bother, sir," he said. I can change the sovereign it you like." And in proof of the fact, the drew out a handful of loose silver and some gold. Mr. Kaislake tendered the. sovereign, and looked tlhi/i) in surprise as he counted out the Charge. He wasn't pre- pared «o see such ah exhibition of money from a source that is proverbi ally " short," and he could not help re marking it. " Cab-driving seems to pay well in London, umyfriend," he " fsmiled head no idea it \yauch a lucrative calling." " Lor sir, 'nor is it" remarked cabby, dropping the change into Mr. Karslake's palms. ' It's only when a covy is lion time hin a hemergency that there's hany show o' makin' the needful. 'Tother times it's 'ard enough, I kin tell you. I was clean up and stumped two days ago but larst night I made a raised— reskied a > oung woman from a passel of roughs as voS|a-chasin' hon 'er, an' says she to me, sayshe', " Cabby drive me to Glan- dore 'Ouse before daybreak, an' I'll <rie ye a sovereign:!; A sovereign ain't made MJ . a :t'v hevery t-.i-V in-rher week, yer honou., 1 uiti tell yer ; so the hull on it yas, as I \Jid the vork, and the second down wi' the ready. That Glandore' C'use right across the vay — if yer don't know it — that tall white buildin' wiJ the pillars, and, lamps, an' 'th statchers.'' Mr. Karslake had .scercciy heard the final words. At the mention of Glan- dores House, all the colour had drifted out of his sad old face and left it white as marble. " One moment, my friend !" he breath ed out, huskily. "Tell me more of this — you will find me quite as liberal as your former passenger, if yoa only tell me the truth. This Lady you picked up — what was she like ? Was she young or old ? well-dressed or shabby ? Speak quick, man — in mercy, speak quick !" ' Lor,' sir, I couldn't no more tell vat she vas like nor I could count the spots hon the moon," responded cabby, briskly, 'cos as' ow she vore a thick veil ; liut'er, voice soundin'-liko, and shivered like she vas shvciv-d, and 'or dress vas werv hold and dhty-giew or black, or brown : 1 1 dont cr.'.aelly recall vitch now, sir." > Mr. Khrslakc caught his breath with one great gasp of joy. It was not so much cabby's very vague description of the woman that let light into the dark ness as the connection of circumstances and the mention of Glandore House. " Secure your horse to the lamp, there, my good man," he uttered, huskily, "and follow me into the house. I wish a few moments' conversation with your regard ing this woman. It is in quest of her I have come to London. I — I am a rela tive — give me the full particulars, and you shall have no reason to complain of my remembrance of the favour." Cabby was only human, gentle reader, and the reward held out by Mr. Karslake tempted him to leave his vehicle for a few moments and follow him into the house." Trembling in every limb, Mr. Karslake closed the door behind him, and led the way to the parlors. Mdlle Mignonnette and Mr. Dimisdale were seated there, and they looked up in surprise as cabby — hat in hand, and his dripping garments making little pools ovee the carpet — was ushered in, but in a very few moments Mr, Karslake made them acquainted with cabby's marvellous story. The most intense excitement pre vailed. Mr. Dimisdale walked to the window, tore aside the curtains, and glared through the night and the storm I at the white walls of the building opposite Mdllc. Mignonnette grew very hysterical. Mr. Karslake began plying the man with all sorts of questions, and cabby, who was the only cool one in the whole pary, broke into volumes of explanation, which resulted in a concise account of how he had been stopped by Madolin in a side street, how she had told him she was persucd by ruffians, a.nd begged him to lose no time in driving Iter to Glandore House. (To be continued.) To Darken Grey Hair. — Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, safest: costs less, effects more than any other, The color produced is most natural. Lockyer's Sulphur is the only English Hair Restorer universally solB. 