AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. _ — ' ; i Z Australian aborigines have a-curwii S: 1 nv'.h with regard to the origin <fr ; water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They got "lo^gA very comfortably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it; A solemn conclave was held, and they deter-,;, mined to apply to the oldest and - wiseaH inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in the stoma<£ of a gigantic' toad which lived in ^a • cave at the top of one of ,, their highest mountains. All that was required was to niitfce him laugh, when the "water ' would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, whcn :it fwlfe decided that all the animals should be aslre<^ to give their co-operation to obtain desired .result This they readily agreeffftif. and natives and animals repaired in a gr|jq|f body to the toad's mountaiii to try th'Cjiiy powers iu the way of Laugh-raising. . jrh(£. first to make the essay was the ass! ' He brayed so loud that he might, have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes-of "the classes as against the virtues of the masses. He shook bis long cars till they rattled he kicked his heels into the air higher than-, any donkey had ever elevated i f hem before, he cut the most ; fantastic? capers, all to no use, and the toad did not so mucU as wink ant, Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock* strutted up with a self- satisfied aira&tfaojigjihe; and he alone knew the secret of"' boPto* make the toad laugh. But alas for the, vanity of feathered aspirations, his orowing ,£ud flapping of wings bad no more effeefcthan his predecessor's braying, and he too - fstiigd discomfited. One after the other' all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best Mr raise a laugh, but with no better success: At last when everybody was begh)nlib<^to. despair came the eel wriggling along,jan fee ground, and, strange to relate,; tMft&d; blinked an eyelid and watched *itsbontt)r- - tions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watdifag the gigantic toad saw the " • musclesl^f his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head ? Lo ? and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to tr'ckle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts, he twifted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his head and tail. |B&is; extraordinary performance was tod miMw P^'tormancewas Wo muCh tor mighty torrent down the mountain-side,"aiid spreading over the country formed- rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last'they Wfitld have an abundance of water. . - The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body'they once inhabit^. A man travelling in the country ofafrieriBly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the ^fSfeily had taken, and all round about -the pfeee pieces of bark covered with White tlav, indicating a death. He found tracks Hiding to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to" know who had died he laid down his rug and weapons^t the foot of the tree and ascended it. ^' On removing the opossum rug from : tlie' face he found that it was ' a friend; c \lHe wept for a long time, then went'away. He had not gone far wheu He' fieard some magpies making a -great uoise," as though they saw something strange."!^He turned round to see what it was andil ~ terror saw the ghost of the deceased down and follow him. He wasik» ter he could not move, bjit managed to< it in these terms: "Why doyou frighten me when I have come to see you ancUiiever did you any harm? '' It never spoke, - but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its uails, and then returned to the tree. When he "reached his friends lie told them what had hapuaaed, showed them his back lacerated aud'^T ing ; and said he had -a pre.-entimeiitj something bad would befall himbusforej At the next- meeting of the speared through the heart.~Belgraria. ? ? 