TALK OK 'CHANGE. And does Dr. Madden make no sacrifice?! Only those privileged to climb the long steps j leading to the Melbourne Athletic Club, where the new-made Chief Justice used to 1 go at the end of a hard day's fighting at the bar to "put in work," realise how much. | When the champion, sparsely "Clothed, steps through the ropes in future and acknowledges the storm of applause with a curt bow there will be a familiar figure miss ing from the bench—I mean, of course, the raised bench at' the M.A:C;, reserved lor officials and distinguished visitors. When) the Master of Ceremonies, makes a general j appeal to combatants and onlookers—"Now,; then,' make it wUlin'; and, gents, put yer 'ands together," one pair of hands that once led the applause will be silent—a pair of hands that will be cambered in future with no. other covering than andressed lavender kid, the correct hand raiment for vice-royalty! The worst of becoming a judge is, one must not only yield to prejudice himself, but compel other persons to do it also. Wh^n Judge Williams was "raised" —not razed, yon will understand—an en thusiastic cyclist was compelled to advertise " secondhand bicycle for sale, cheap." If Mr. Purves were elevated, a certain "Gun dagai" would no longer be able to "'are a whack at them piginsand in the sacrifice to appearances made by Sir John Madden, K.C.M.G., B.A., LL.B., LL.D., plain Dr. j Madden, " the man with the heavy right," j takes a sad farewell of the Melbourne I Athletic Club. Farewell the square arena, and the lads so fit and prime. Farewell Professor Miller, and his tiny coll of "Time Just count me out In future, boys, for I've joined the stately crowd, Where "claret's" only seen at meals, and "knock outs " aren't allowed. Good-bye the dext'rous oounter, and the jobbi ng in the eye, No more for me the massive jaw, and the plucky " do or die;" Here, take my furry overcoat, and here's my wide awake, My knobby stick and comforter, just keep for old j loi love's sake. My heart will still be with you at times when there's jimill,.- - i And I know the lefts are working and the rights are j keeping atiil, j And the body blows are sounding, and the punching^ swift and big, ' ] I shall see you with my other eye, in the shadow of i my wig. Farewell the- finished "hamnierktck " and "work" ■ ■ upon the' floor, I pass "half-Nelsons". onoe tor all, ray wtastle ; dazzle's o'er. ' ' Give! me !the robe, and sword, and soales, put the bandage on my eyes, And let hie hold my rijftt like that, "the old guard never dies." I shall have to drop my practice, too, a bitter blow | indeed, - And all my art-ful knowledge, boys, like me may run 1 to seed, [ Unless I sneak the two-ounce " milts," and do a bit of pith my puisne brother Williams, while the Court is I up for lunch. I once saw Dr. Madden—as Dr. Madden— j get out of a difficulty that would have troubled the greater wisdom of the Chief Justice. It I was in the Sydney express, and the trouble I occurred over the faot that two tickets had | been carelessly issued for the same berth. The other man who held one of them tried "bluff" to begin with, and said with some! decision, "Well, if yon want this bunk you will have to fight for it;" and with twice as j much decision the Doctor answered, " and 11 can do that." There was an air of eager ] enthusiasm about the response that induced the other man to at once appeal to the equities. Let us imagine the Chief Justice j of Victoria in the same position. Clearly he could not descend, to an im pro vised "scrap" in a railway car, even] for the maintenance of an undoubted right He must, under sufch circumstances, reply with due judicial deliberation—" Sir, as Chief Justice I cannot condescend to 1 argue the point with you until you appear in [ wig and gown, but if you will follow me to the van I may, as ex-member of the M. A.C., dispense with ceremony, and argue the matter on the lines you propose." Would the Btranger go to the van ! Not at all. He would impose' on the dignity of the Chief Justice and stick to bis bnuk, while the ex member of the M.A.C. "dossed" uneasily amongst Her Majesty's other inaila in the j van/ A summer aession is a novelty in Victoria, and were it not that astern sense of duty and i a big blue pencil, used for marking out; con strain me to 'stifle my political opinions in this column, I should hope that the expert went, will be so disastrous as to deter any Government from repeating it. New South ' Wales has dallied with the after- Christmas j session until it has got into her system and she can't . shake it off. The most regrettable spenes take place there, members being removed from the Chamber after the manner of the frog's march, face down ward, kicking at both ends, with a messenger attached to each limb. This is an excellent plap^Qr refractory fioldiers, but I cannot helpthinkiiiR tluit in the long run it must have ^.degrading effect upon mem bers of Pariiajment* - The, weather is sure to be hot, and that troublesome irrigation ques tion hap stiU to .be ;deait with ; and. the Sp^f^r ,la>' sofopd pi a bit of a shindy himself that the. womt is to be feared. Still, as I say, I have- more confidence in the ordiuaty member jot Parliament than most people, and therefore 1 hope that Mr. £eaopok wiU jijgt his " Bill to Lower the Age ] of Matrimonyof female Teachers" safely| through, and "that , other scarcely less im-1 portant matters, such as the Estimates, will ! receive due httehUoii. If after that mem bers should divert"themselves with a few i want of confidence motions,' that is not in mydepaftmenh 'A iewi verBes written with nb pattichiarobjeet follow:—: With 'a stock of cleim collars' and socks, and a sigh, > ' And Ids pass on Ws chain,! The member has hidden his'wife good bye, And come down by train. - He groans as he asks—" Why under the sun Was not this in the programme at Gostertoii, Where they put all the things that_wcre not to be done f" The Speaker tnurters and mops his face, "Oh, clash my wig, Full soon shall I melt like this poor l03t mace, In this queer rig. , ^ , I leak erudition ; the soundest of views Exude through each pore, and run into my shoes. I am sitting in pure constitutional ooze." The Premier wears an appropriate Impromptu smile, Done on the premises while you wait," You know the style. Is that ail 1 Oh, dear me, no; what a mistake. He also lias on, for the reveuue's sake, A'suit of light tweed of the best English make. " Ob," sight thfe Treasurer, " isn't it hot; I shall get beans.' I hare raised everything, but not ■ . The ways ana means. T raise probate duties,- and rich folks won't die, I raise the food taxes, and poor folks won't buy, I raise the beer duty,-and no one is dry." But you feel no symptoms akin to these, Imperial C.L., ■ Though what are your thoughts about Ohautauquese It were vain to tell; Bevan may go to eternal sniash, . ■ . You're going'td hoh'dpn, to cut n dash, ,. Whilst a grateful Government finds' the'caajyp* v* f A heated political temperature * Precedes a storm, ' . And when it bursta we may be sure It will be warmU'ljfoJl Tig a cheering reflection that, come i Each member will eagerly Join the Asking no reward, 6ave place and pay! A terrible account of an adventur snake and a pair of bell-bottomed trousers" reaches me. The trousers, with their in-! viting looseness at the bottom, were just of the sort to tempt the snake of the imagina tion (a real snake prefers a log), and the narrow place at the knee just the thing to annoy him when he found he could get nothing but his head through and make him bite. This was the state of things whan a party picnicking at Greensborough, attracted by the cries of the rightful owner of the trousers, reached the scene. The yonth was in such a state of'terror that no one doubted the snake was there. A tune softly played on a "trumpet-shaped kazoo failed to icharm the intruder out. Someone held the sufferer whilst another lifted I the leg and peeped np. Then it was found that the youth had almost fallen a victim to the two things he loved best on earth—liia bell- bottomed trousers and his pipe. The latter, having burnt its way through the pocket, dropped, and was caught at the knee by the faithful trousers. The usual complaints are being made—and justly too, no doubt—about the pot- hunters who will not watt till the end of the close season before they attack quail and other game. .This is partly the fault of the birds, who presume upon the provisions of the act to tempt people who are out with a gun ; partly the fault of the people who cannot re sist temptation when they happen to be out with a gun looking for sparrows ; and partly the'fault of the people who will eat a brace of .qnail when they can get them, and ask no questions. A deceased police magistrate, for merly well known in Bendigo, used to be very particular in this respect. He was very fond of game, but never would he eat it I whilst a breath of suspicion attached to the way in which it was procured. Dining one day at a hotel on his travels, the waiter told him there was some very nice quail on the menu. "Don't you know," said he, very sternly, "that thealose season is not over for a month yet?" " Oh, of course, I know that, sir, but these are last year's birds, sir— preserved, sir!" "Ah, then, under those circumstances you may bring me a couple of brace," said the mollified but upright magis trate. The secretary of the leading agricultural society was makihg out the returns of prize money for the year, these being the basis upon which a subsidy is claimed from Government. He explained to the new chum clerk that in the dog sections only cattle dogs were to be included, this being the only breed which the state recognises as having an economic vaiue. Hater in the day the clerk waited upon the secretary with a puzzled face and the inquiry, "Would you I mind tellin' me, Sur, if you plaze, isn't a I bulldog a cattle dog?" Another. .phase of tlie dog question threatens to become important. We know that for years past the leading judge at Australian dog shows hits passed the long-suffering lady's poodle with the remark, "Apoodle! Well, 1 suppose you might as well call it a poodle as anything elseor he marks the card, "Wrong class. Should be entered aa a Woolloomooloq terrier." And now a newly founded ladies' club in Melbourne has by rule 22 of its constitution enacted in cold blood that "Dogs are not admitted," though there seems to be some doubt amongst the . mem bers as to whether this is really aimed at the oid-time maiden lady find her only love, or to another species of ladies' pet which congre gates on 'a corner not far from . the club premises. After all, perhaps, the execu tive arc right. If the burning question of pug v. poodle is onoe even indirectly recog nised no woman's club could survive the turmoil. . Although this story has some close relatives in circulation, its genuineness is vouched for on the word of a footballer. Two of his comrades were training" on toe ground one dark night,towards the end Of the season, when they were startled .by a sheet, which & suddenghst of wind blew over toe fence from a neighbouring' clothes-line. At first they really thought thht some passing .spirit had-dropped its oloak, and the talk; turned on ghosts. " Are you superstitious, Dicky f one of them asked, and Dicky, who bad dodged the truant officer in his youth as oleverlyas he r^ow . dodges the opposing pipers, said, after , a moment's hesitation, " No. I'm si Roman Gathohb." r WtoMERA. 