DR. BEVAN ON THE EVIDENCES OF CHRISTIANITY. On Sunday evening, Dr. Bevan preached to a large congregation in Trinity Congregational Church on tko evideaoes of Christianity. The gatnering in the chnreh waa one of the largest ever seen in a place of worship in this colony. Every seat was occupied to its fullest extent, and the vacant spaces on the ground floor and ia the gallery were closely packed with seats jin order to accom- modate tbs peopls. These came from all oharohes in Perth, irrespective of «reed, in order to hear on« of. the foremost preachers et the day. Probably, those in the ohuroh nara bored tally twelve hundred, and «utelde several of the doors were collected many who were unable to, find seats wibbin. The eervioe was conducted by the Rev. E. Tremayne Duns'an, the 'pastor of - the ohureh, and was foltowed^by the sermon. Dr. Bevan took for bis text St. John, i., 50, -" Greater things than these." After tell* ing bow in this, and the verses nearest it, an account was furnished of the oalling of the Ant disciples, ooo of them being Nathaniel, the preacher pointed «ut that Nathaniel ! reoeivad snob evidence as Christ gave him, and on that made his confession of his Lard. Jesus then replied, " Because I Said unto thee, I eaw thee nuder the fig tree believest thou t Thou »halt see greater things than these." ?» He who was true to the evidence he had received should receive more. That was the law/rf Christian evideaoe, the great prin. ciple npoa whioh human faiih depends, and ik wac a matter of considerable interest and importance to us in these days, for he fancied there were many of ns who were a little bit inclined to think that «« wc get farther away from tbs beginning of Christianity, the fur- ther we gift away frem the evidences oft*© truth of Christianity. A man would say " If Z had been living in the time ot the apostles and fend ,b*en one of these who listened to the Lord sad saw His Ttr«eW aadbeatdHie pansies, I should and would h»ve believed it j butnr*w the thiner han bteomi so legendary, is bas 'to much of the traditions of the pulpit, lt I ¿as basai so disorganised that one ena** telV, in those ages of history, how far tho tr nth has net been lost, and I am disposed to be verv non-committal on this «uearien. I Iran, not quite satisfied about thoie miracle». Tho Bible, of coarse, ben sorna very ex- cellent reading in it, bnt stillt it does. I not satisfy modecm eeience. I ara not qnitoiploar-in tits light of modern sdentilo 'Aand materialistic investigation and tbonght-I am not quito olear upon these thing?, and perhaps, after all, the evi» dense Unofèa Terr tra-twortby one, and if tba trata «f the narrative is not exactly te be aooepted,.-Sew am I quite snra of what tba narrative tells? All those miracles andi supernatural events-I see nothing sopee» ; natural^ n*arça>£ays. Seaton* ooma and «ra¿. tides eorae and go, there aro various con* ditions of life fulfilled by all creation. We are fiad^ng thora ont and explaining them, and may: it not be that many of these miracle's and supernatural stories, indeed, that Chris* tianity itself, are very like those connected with other religions ? And as I don't aooept them, I don't aocnpt Christianity. .Of oourse, this we have is part of oar life, it ia part of tbe'deoeney and common courtesy af lifo, ana when you go to tea people who attend obureú, of course yan can't very well refuse to altona ohuroh, ¿nd if there ia a great fanotion tak- ing place, yon mast show yonr respect tb that function." He did not know whether we weae exactly ilk« the maa Dr. Johnson said he had great hopes of beoanae he always took his hat off when he.\paased a eburoh staeple, hut thora vas a great deal of want of praetioal belief in ne, a want of anoeptanos of tba truth of JOSUB Christ. He wanted to pnr,i before them aome evidence of the truth' of tito «hureh of the Gospel of Jesus . Christ, and apart from the tilings usually thc vghtta baevideneesof Christianity. They would look) at it as it is,-in the common etea« light -of modern, < praotioal life, esk themas, voa' if the evidence of Christianity :*#aii sot .stronger than ever it had b«cn., To«3ey we see greater things than aTathauielet.w,*ud every aga of Christianity had bronght its own proof, and to-day there was a growing and a greater reason for accepting Christ and the truths of Christianity than in any other age, and there was a greater and mere oonBtontly increasing oleiat tö-day than ever apon intelligent, thoughtful men by . tba name, and honour, and dignity of Jasas Chris*-.. Ia tba'first place, he remarked ¿hat OfarUt anity was a fact. There were some things thor had;to -stake f amiiiarto the minds of men. They .did not exist; they had not yet been established. - Many of those nsw social matière towards which we are moving, many of those new conditions of political, perhaps family, and aertainly, sooial life which seem to be coming upon as, as yet. they are net herat There was .. the vary fear and dmd of the unknown about them. The faot that they . wera, usfiamiliar and di* aot exist made it all the-mora diferdt fon us te aoaept them. Itwatt^tiu eennó with Christianity. Chris tiauky; is. Theresia no greaser fact in the world to-dey titan Christianity. Wherever you weat, whatever part of,the world you travailed in, there yea ¡ found it. He remem. hgred an Ametmeau friend saying i% ijira, cans tboagbt a good deal of America, and wherever .voa went in tho States yon saw the stars and strip's, bat when yon got ont of America yan saw the English flag fljiBg wherever this great Empira was established. There is only one tbing gre^tnr thin the British Empire, and that is. tho Empire of Christianity. NA matter where you travelled, there yon lound some siens and prosf of the preen ce of Cbristioi.i'y. Christianity i*. lt was nit a thing that one had to be made familiar with. Ht wu not quite sure that in some cases it was n it too familiar. It was one of the great com- monplaces of the universe, like tko sunshine wei saw and tba air Tte broatbed. Therefore, when you argued against it, you were not arguing against au opjnion. vTben you re- fused it you wiro not refusing some hypo- thetical fact brought before you, but yen were ref using the greatest fact in the world» Hore we were on the other sids of the world to that from which it »prang, under different conditions and in a building upon whioh care, thought and attention had been lavished, '. and here' in the centre of the city Christianity bad its place. It would have no meaning, bat for the fact of Christianity. That building ooâld not èxiat if it waa not for the exlstenbe' «f that commén ?tory, the" gospel. So it would be ever»» where that day throughout the whole world , -men and women- meeting together ia the name of Jesus Christ, as the great Light, the Light that mirked the coming bf each day as it woke up men everywhere to paise the name of Jesus, and tmen everywhere bad united : in ene great anthem, the theme of which had been the name of Christ., But Christianity not only is i it has bean. .'? It was ni» noval thing. They all understood the meaning of old things. They might vba»e some with a great deal of what was bad in them and difficult to get rid of. They nuder stood this in business. They saw ever ono of their shops that it was established many yeats ago. Hen did not put lt up the very year they started. They did not say " Established 1898," bu^ if the firm had gene cn for a century, aad they ooald «'sly erny *' Established 1Î93," there was,» e*rta% we;ght about them, a certain influence carried with the weight of age. And so, Christianity is sot only noto, but it hes berni. What great interest ssrrésndè't tho*e old buildings they «aw whr'n they visit-d London I Be Suppoeei there was no more interesting place in Landon than Westminster Abbey, and this was not en account of ita architect aral beauty, bnfc on account of ita age. It, bad j stood for oenturios ; genera)ion after genera*; lion had brought their grelt dead and laid; them within its sacred walls. What forces1 these great institutions had t Some had no nee whatever, .but existed merely boornee of their age. Christianity not only is, but has been. The gospel of JCSOB Christ ia one of - the oldest forces in the world, it is one of; the oldest institutions of the world. Many' other institutions that -had been very tenacious of life had passed away. Tho fcudal «ystemiiad passed away ; long before that eysbam, Christianity was a venerable' and hoary institution, The institution ot Mohamed, the prophet of Islam, had no power with the religion of Jesus Christ. There were only one ot two religious in the world, as old ss Christianity. Here it is to-dayj not only a fact, but à fact of great ancientness, a fact tbit has abode in the hearts and lives of men during nearly two millennium«. Then again, ti has «food lüeáf andi tear. A'I other systems wore out. Our' bodies gre w old. The buildings they stood in began to Ortimble, even upon this nei? church Nature had commenced h«r work of destruction. -So it waa. evetywhere-mem*, arohy, aristocracy, all the%re»t faiths of the world, not'only grew.old, but shewed eigrn of weakness, and got ready te perish and vanish into ©bliviouof the past. But Christianity has been and is to-day stronger; and more mighty than ever. There was no sign of decay about i*. . There was a time when the great faith of the false prophet seemed to be more mighty than the faith of {he Christian, but cveu the faith of Islam was at last smitten with the inevitable decay that marked all things human; There were only two piton in the world to-day where Jio hamedanlsrewaa living- There was an Arable proverb which «aid, K,Tbe Grosoeht cia oñ'y flourish with the palm- tree," and if they marked on the map the places where the palm-tree grew tbèy marked <£he limit of the religion of the Moslem. . The "Crescent on only floarieh where ' the palm-tree grow-;" There ÍB nú limit for >. the Cross of. Jesús Christ. There is no clime where it canhot flonrish. Everywhere''where the "foot of man has treá, the gospel- goes, and goes with power, and in ' avery age, and ander every -condition, and in ao age as oars, end ander no conditions snob at those of modero civilisation ha« the gospel been so powerful and tba name of Jeans Christ so mighty. They heard mea talk sometimes of Buddhism. There were a few speculative and'poetic minds in' London and America who talked about beooming^Bnd3 hists. That seemed te bim to be ¿boat tits mest ridiculous thing a man oould say. They might aa well talk, about modern Aus- tralia becoming aboriginal. These' faiths were dead. They were «mitten at the heart, ' and wara perished, they slowly died from within outwards. Bat where is Christianity dead? Take the most livia? nation jen tbs worlds; and there you find whee* Chris-. taaoiay « the greatest and mast mighty. Take the raaos that ar* doing moat in colonisation ; it is these who a*eioarrying with them the faith et Jesns ChWst. ,,ThU faith of thaiAngló.8«o*¡ tbV BdtenjendefthealmosfcaagSeat ra6o.tb^bhd estalÄd itSf WÉtàL. tbs cAUan^njÄ wa« fflfcêitfàfaíb» e>6^^ tbaTJf,^ mik which expriseefl itself ÍQ ft* «ug* asl a*ed tba t rms of the Lord Jews Christ 9 Take the States in the New World, asd where, a deoade ago, yon beard the cry of tbs Indian, t tit ely cities bad bnilt themselves np, and what were the 'finest structure», what were the mott potent influences, what were I ths fibr e that were entering most deeply into j th<! warp and woof of the life they were lead* ir>gP It is that they are Christian. If JOB wanted to find where Christianity was weak yon won ld find it amongst the nations that WÍ re perishing ; if you wanted to find it strong y. u would find it in. the imperial and demi i ant races ot the world, it is younger than it wa«, fresher thea «ter it was, newer than > ever it was, living with the strength that it never hid in the days gone by. Then there Was this remarkable f*ct, that in nations Where there had been deoay or los«, it had always recovered itself from within. They would find in the biitory of other religious they had.died, or had reoeived n«W life or revivification from without. It was never so with Christianity. It had grown weak-and bad decayed in some directions ; but wherever it had taken place, there had always been a revival, and wherever that had taken place, it had net been something oise* but it had gout) bock and would db so. Anillostrationof this was tc be f«uud in the rite which they would be celebrating in a fev minutes^ when they: gathered round the Lord's table. That ser- vice was a reoirery in Christendom of tbSi very form in which they: should oelebrateit, of the old form of the rite in tbs old primi- tive church. He had seen this service of the Lord's Snppir performed with «ll the majes» tic end symbolic resonrees of the flreek CburoV He had seen lt under'thé treat dome of St. Peter's, fn Rove, on Easter Sun- day, upon the occasion, he presumed) ef the most wonderful religious rite that is celebra- ted in the world. And out of that splendid and ornate service'of. the Mass, Christianity had restored aid recovered tbs old symbol of the Table of the Lord. He was not going to disousa whether toe serries of the>ri|nai of Boms was right, or whether their, form was a true one-or not. All he wanted, t) show was that Christianity ia its life ead vigour, when it had ohauged and.fa mas? eases lost itself, "had come back te thia simple form of eerriee which throughout the length and braadtb of Christendom was cele, brated in this form. And then some dainty oritio, some pce'io person, some philosophie mind would tall him Christianity.was dyings that, it belonged to ecus dark age, ned tba* his intellectual mind oould not anocpt it. Once again : Not e>njy Chris- tianity' ts, and fia*, been, asd bas been unworn* and bas within itself the elementa of recovery, but it bas met And conquered, and amid nil opposition borne the test cf eaoh succeeding agis. Let him remind them of the courte wbioh Christianity had. ran in thia 'world, as it hss passed from people te people and from age to Are.- It arose in the Orient. ID Syria, a little band of men gathered in a) poer room, and on the Pentecostal day the house in which they abode was suddenly shaken, and the Holy Ghost descended upsn thean They wentworth and began topreaoh -bo preach Jew* who had just been crucified, and bad been dead and burivd, and who, they declare*, was risen again. They - preached Him in the very city where Hs had been condemned as a malefactor. The ?gibbet htd been erected, and upon that the prisoner was borne; »ud within a yery few dayV^in the I heart of tba* city wHioh had Condemned Hittt to dettb, and ut the presence Of tits mell who had destroyed Him, that little band of men of fishermen sttd tsx.gatherera-^-déolaredthat He Was the Prince- and Saviour of men. Tba pride find malice of tba Scribes asd Pharief es, who looked upon, themselves as:*be ohosetl people of God, come down before the truth Cf the Carpenter of Nazaietb, th-ir hearts veré touched, add five thousand were oonverW in one day. They ^o from Syria into Greece, and speak to the Grecian philosophers on Areopagus and are told they will be beard again. Meanwhile in Athens, Corinth, to Ephesus, np and down the Levant, ,the gospel spreads. Where ' would the Grsrfan philosophy have been had , it not been for Christianity P Where would I Greek art have-been if it had n?t been ¡ revived by the Christian -Chnreb ? Than the gospel gots on to Borne. The Bomen in his pride says. ''Wjiat is this we hesrP A hew ged f <fculte weloomft'to Borné. We have our Pantheon. leis, Osiris, «nd Apis, they «an all enter here. You preach a new deity ; the . j door is open : let him enter the great republie of gods." , But we knew it never went into the Pantheon.' Talk to the young Beman gentleman, and he says, n What is itf He drittel along in Jifa ebaríot to the «ld basilicas, or along tba Aspian Way, or goss down to Heraalansan, and Pompeii to, enjoy tira Kammer.:," Christianity,'' he says, "it is ona of the things that bas ooma from tba east. You know that philosophy regards that as absurd. No one dreams of religion now. a« days. Why, the. very Samens when they meet, have to leek-one ene way, and one fha other way, lest they laugh in each ether's face. This[Christianity of yours, it ia jost as I thought-fit for a few slaves or Jews." Ho goes on hil pleas ora in his imperial way, and in the meantime foroea are at work that shall break down pagan Borne and shall proinoe something more magnificent than even yagan Berne itsslf. To-day, who is the master of Borne t 'Who has hean the master of Borne for the last fifteen hundred yeacaf What ia the symbol whieb bas shone moat glorieusovar the Eternal City t it is the despised symbol of the Cross. Tee Cross which meant death, not for the Beman, but for the slave, has so vanquished the power of Borne that it. is tito a- , most potent symbol of Christianity there, té thessame-^ainibe n*.mtomm0»n* m^^^m^^^^imMiê ot C^^r(namt7^^am'ontfsíi Goth and VhrrfsJ, Britw^^'o^lTrfnk art (fr-atp, tom*> ¡og th» old Norse worship of Thor and Odin «nd Freya» and the terrible belief in Valhalla ; (hence down the centuries, through tbe Benaissauoe, the Reformation, tbe teachings of the Frenoh oyclopoaists - and English deists in the eighteenth century, until, awoke ones again with the simple teaohing of the Evangelical message and once morerevived,the Church spread abroad the doctrines of troth, abolished the elave trade, started onoe again great philanthropic movements, and set alive again in the hearts of all men, of the strongest men in tbe world, the name of Jesus Christ and Bis gospel. Açd this nineteenth oentury with its arts and its sciences, its philosophy, its practical wisdom, was revering the name of Jeans Christ as it never had before. It was going down into toe deepest depths where men had never gone before, and those who weat thither took with them nothing bnt the simple name and story, "the old, ©ld story;""of the Cross. And seme preacher of the twentieth century j would take the nineteenth cer&ary; as be (Dr. Bevan) had taken tboBe thac'Tiid göne by, and adduce its events as evidences .of the troth of the gospel of Christianity, finally, it, had won every enemy to vhe its friend. Christianity found in each hew. adherent a fresh argument for its power and its'truth. .'But,"-say some, "I w$ah I could;Bee a miracle: If I oenld only find an angel come down from heaven to me, I might believe. If I oonld only have CbriBt come int» thia assembly and speak to the water-4 and ere He spake, ü blushed to rnby^wine/-"b* lay His ¿and upon come fevered one and bid tbe fever vanish,1 I would believe .ou^im." There were a good many acribes and Pharisees still, who wanted asign from heaven. We had a miraole. Water turned to wineî H What was that compared with the power by. which mea were turned from sin to righteousness P The leper made olean 1 What '-wai that com- pared to the fallen woman made pure, the drunkard nude sober P There were homësin London, and in other great cities, into which Jesus Christ had gone, and changed ribaldry and evil into purity and salvation. If they bad Jesus Christ as their Lord md Master, and served Him loyally, there would- be no fear for their future. Those, who had loBt their reputation, would find inf again*-: if they put their bauds in Jesus Christ abd let Him lead them. If they bad lost their salvation, they would find it again, if they went to Jesus Christ. If they just made. H^m their Saviour, a miracle wonld be at ones wrought in them. ' -Everyone who went to the^eide cf Christ was a new miraole, a freßh argument for the next mau, and if each pf them, would yield himself or herself to the Saviour, they would be fresh arguments for the gospel,. If the Christian Churoh were only to live for one year as ft should live, in all thé'ípbwer and grace jJosus Christ made possible, there would be ne one in opposition, the, world would bow down at once before the might of the Saviour. Ho prayed each matt and woman to be the director of aorpe poor soul that was groping in darkness, and knew not [ bow to find itsv way. Live the life of Christ, the life' He Viñado possible, and they would be báttsr than whole libraries full of polemicé and doctrines. The j best evidence of Christianity was the "life of : Christian men and women. "Ton, tb» father ef thé family, the children will fellow," said the preacher. "Yon, the master pf the ; business, your servants will follow. Tön, the ministers of the church-thé périple will follow. When we are the churchtOf toe living God-if you are in reality what yuteare in name, tbe world will accept the Saviohr. Oh, brethren, it is not in Christ there is%ilure; it is not in the Divine there is weakness, or that in God there is any unwillingness,' but it is in us there is the want of fidelity. / 'There was once a fisherman who took hie little lad with him in a boat down into the bay that ran in from the sea. His nets lay out eome distance and he wanted to visit them. He left the little boy on the rook that was bare, owing to the "Hde having gone' down. The lad was left there, to fish and gather shells and wait for bis father; The father went further down and did his busi- ness/and was1 returning, but faltar than he could row1 there rolled up the tijde, and with tho tide there' came a sea misti and Bottled driwn *Kka a thick and heavv ' nail unon thn »atora, and before the man had reached the rook he had. lost his bearings, ana ^ew'not whicher tb pull. ' The tide ' was yrnuning swiftly, and he knew the rook would Soon he covered, and 'that his boy,'waa there. He attained èvei^ power, and * wpâd rest upon bis, oars and try to listen whether any sound psfdd reaob him and let himjtnow where his eon was, and still the oreel inlet hung on the sea, and the tide went running swiftly in, At laajt, in. MB despair,' resting for a moment from pulling, he seemed to hear a ory¿ PnlU ing nearer m that direction'from; whence came the voice, he listenetf''and heard '.Father,'father, fitaer to tue? He pulled towards it. and it came olearrr and stronger, 'Father, ßteer to "me!'. Father, steer to me ! ' He heard the teat's keel crash along tiie shingle on the rook, and the neat moment'ttíe boy was in. hlsltónsiáafe. He rowed homeward. %>m»t^^«feer, the îitti* one feU'sick, abd a hoarier mist came down wan that of the sea ; it was the -mist of death. Bending . over his -child, he ^said, . Hara you anything to say1 tit: your^fathér, boy P* ' Tes, father,' said the boy. 4 Do remember the day you lost your bearings \- ia tiie J>ay,P De ybnliremember yon I my cryi'steer io me, and ^ steered to me and found mei' * Yea.bpy; what of thatP' 'Otíy tiü^ t I wish yÄ would steer io mem^ßkMtZM&WitomMmh; the father followed the voice, and found the Saviour. Oh, brethren, brethren,-there is many a man on life's sea who has lost his bearing. Will yon not call him and say, * Steer to me P' You have found safety, and have found Christ, and if the man can only oome to where yon are, he will oome to Christ and to peace. Brethren, be evidences, be wit- nesses, be living proofs of this living Saviour, and men shall see greater things than ever they have seen before. Be you the proofs to-day, the mightiest evidences the world can have of your faith, your love, your loyalty to Jesus Christ. May God help ns all to bear witness. Amen." 