THE MISER S LEG ICY* 11 He's come, Mr. Herman,' 11 Come J Come at last ? Are you sure of it, Joe?' 'Sure as taxes, 'said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of Ids head. 'He's taken that old house— the Haunted House, the neigh bors call it— and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way.' ' Any servants with him, Joe V . 'flnlv nne— ft croakcd old wnmnn— n« threw a porringer of hot water over. me when I camo round to ax if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. 1 never did como across such a rum lot in all my life.' « Did you sec the old man yourself, Joe ?' 41 See him, Mr. Herman? I sec a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing- gown' and a llanncl night-cap on his head, and f s'posed likely there couldn't bo two such outlandish old customers going. lie was a runnin'in and out from tho furniture cart like a crazy spider.' 'That will do Joe, Here isa half-a-crown for you.' 'Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir.' And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Bfiner Molinnaux had arrived at last —the rich and eccentric relative— on the re version of whose fortune, real orsupposed, be had all his life been building aerial castles. At last— nnd Herman resolved the very next day to call ar.d pay his respects, although tho old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. u If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that ho had taken a lease of the Stone House,' mused Mr. Franklyn, 'I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way placo awaiting his advent ; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never shouhThave taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigbo 1 Sometimes I think it would bo easier to work for money than to inherit it.' And so the next day Mr. Franklyn [called* Miner Molinoaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Marius amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that ho kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him a9 he talked, 'Well, young man, nnd what do you want?' lie asked, impatiently, whon the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn wa3 no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. M So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner,' said the young man smoothly. 'Humph I My health is well enough? Better than you wish it. I daro say.' 11 My dear sir— ' '.But it will mako no difference to you,' acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. ' I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me ? ' Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. ' But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done.' ' But, my dear cousin— — ' ' Words aTC all very well,' said tho old miser, shrugging bis shoulders, ' but dced9 speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony— and yet you go and engage yourself to get married to a girl who hasu-t a penny. Eh? Don't you?' in a rising induction like a bark. 'And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect mo to leave you this —this' tapping, ns he spoke, on the lid of the box. ' But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not kuow that — ' Stuff and nonsenpc 1' yelled the old mai What you knew or didn't know is perfectly immaterial to me. Leave me to my hooka writiup. Tbrt's all I ask of an; So Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. 'I must break my engagement,' said he to himself. ' That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune.' Josie Hall was sitting in tbo farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black eyed, damask-cheeked girl .wl/u cyc* brown, ? ? i 'n,'l ... 'luose dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half nn-ui-h, assbc looked straight at Herman Franklyn. 'I understand,' said she, ' you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle haB como to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. ' It isn't that, Josie, believe me,' said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with tho signals of keen mortification blazing on his chcck. 'But I think perhaps it would be better for both of us ? ' ^ 'And I haven't the least doubt of it,'pas«' sionatoly interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. ' A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring up any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning.' And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward — as at least he esteemed it— came at last. Mr. Miner Molinoaux fell ill. Beingill,he was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, a'thing he never would have done in health. ' You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman ? ' he asked, tremulously. ' Oh, there's no danger at all,' reflSBured the young man, as the doctor had that morn said tbat the patient's spirts must bo kept up at all hazards. ' And you won't leave me?' ' Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you,' responded the de lighted fortune-seeker. 'But tbat girl that you're ong.i~ed to,' grumbled Mr. Moliueax ; 'she v^.i tlikc it.' ' 'Do you think that I could persist in any thing contrary to your wishes?' reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn. 'The en gagement is broken.' ' Good I' croakcd the old man. ' Engage ments are a humbug, in any event. Engage ments to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you crcdit for.' Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon be sent for a lawyer and made his will. Oa the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. 'My fortune is mado now,' thought Her man, who had listened at tho door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard di rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that .Tosie had been well sacrificed. ' loa wasn't at tho runeral, e&r;' said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Jo3io s needle flew faster than over through the cam bric she was hemming. V Well, no,' said the widow, 'I ain't partial to funerals in general, and 1 didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see nn old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive.' 'A man can't be a miser without he'd got money, can ho?' said. Mrs. Pierce. 'I don't lightly know about that,' said Widow Hall. 'Hut you don't mean to Bay that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all?' ... ' Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and somo rusty coins as no decent store keeper would give chango fori' ! The widow's eyes shone through her spec tacle glasses. - ~ ? 'Land o' massy 1' said she. ' And what was in the iron bojr as: everybody bad1 so much to 'eay about—the Iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn, . 'Just the sheets of paper asheld a diction ary the old man had been: writing all; his days. Manuscript, ; tho - lawyer callfed it, whatever tbat:*may ho, , ' phvthought it Iwos^ worth a deal of moneys and ?b'c'd.'spent his . all huntlog up^bboks asjtitffidd# bat hlrpself . j-«ar heard ?? of..and rtrfcVftlling rabhiit' ^tha . rt ! didn't s \i near enough to him to rightly hear,' said Mrs. Pierc'o, ' but them as did tells mo he swore an awful oath when he saw what was i a the box, and flung the wholo bundle on the back of the fire. I saw it bl-ze up myself.' ' And was that all ??? asked the Widow Hall. ' That was all,' responded her informant. ' I am glad of it I' cried out Jo3ie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. ' I never was so glad of anything in all my life. lie's served right for once.' Mr/Franklyn called tho next day, meek and subdued, ff Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both her arm9 abound his neck and vowed that sh? loved him better than ever. But she was only a very human little girl, so she stood up with dignitv and said : ' I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn.' ' Dut, Josie-—-' _ ' There is thedoor, sir I' said Josie. ' Please to walk out!'1 And there was nothing left for it but tc * walk out.' Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in the village grave-yard, and public rumor brtf added yet another ghost to the spectral popu lation of the Haunted Iloase— a yellow-vis aged old bogey, who wc-ars a wig, and carrie? iu his band a padlocked box. 