Among The Boxers. GEO. DIXON COKQUJSKS. He Whips Sol. Smith INSIDE SEVEN ROUNDS. Dooloy and laing. HILLY UURP.nT WilirPED AGAIN \ By ' SpMor ' ffolr— In Six iiounds-Hnrry Cousaoll Bnck Asnln-Stcro O'Don ? null and Ills Prospects— Latest .' ' News mid' Notes. (Bt ' The Amatebr.') Tlioro is a lettor lioro for Harry Laing. ?'.'' ??-?'?? ? ' ' ''??' ? My usual budget oF Melbourne boxing hotoil will appoar in to-morrow's issuo. ? ? '.?.? Charlos Mitolioll sparred nfc Jack H'Auliffo'sbonoftt'in Amorica recontly. Ho was well recdivod, and boxed a. threo Xound b'out with Jim Hall. , ? ?' ? ? ? ? ' ? Billy Murphy was .badly beaten by Iko O'Noil 'Woir iu liix round's recently. ' The Spider ' fairly outclassed Murphy at all poiilt3, and romped homo an easy winner. .-.-'; ? ? ? ????????? Harry Cansdoll lms retnrned to Sydney Irom Hudgeo, wlioro ho has beonfulfillLnij a threo months' engagement. He looks very . 'well, and spbaks in IhrIi terms of tho treat ment ho roeoivud during hia visit. ' ? ? * Harry Xoumier, an American lifilit ?Woightii who recently arrived iii London, has issued a challenge to ?' all anil sundry ' at lOst. Toni 'W'illmins stoppud into tho broach, and has posted a forfeit as a gwarauteo of good fuith. » ? ? I hoar tluit a private entertainment is to bo Riven by Mr. Foluy to Major-General Huttou and his friends, as woll as to several other loading sportsmen. 1'ho dato fixed' is Thursday, jfovouibor. 10, and tho enter tainment promises to bo a success. ? ? ? Stovo CVDonneU and Georgo Godfrey ?were to have fought at tho Coney Island Club on November 13 far a .£700 purso. In view of tlio rocent'high-handod action of the authorities it is very doubt ful whether tho contest will bo allowed to tako place. , . ' ? ? . .. ? Tho National Sporting Club, London, opened their winter soason with a flourish of trumpets a few wsoks back. Mr. John Pleining, the managor, quite expects to got tho Jackfeon-Corbott fight, and, in fact, lfas already opened negotiations with the two 'principals. Corbett intends visiting Eng land in any coso, and it is probablo that ho will seo no reason to grumblo at tho terms offered by the club. ? ? .. ? ? ?.??' ? . ? ? Billy Mahau and Georgo La Blancho, tho -Muring, fought on September 22, before one df the largest gatherings over assombled at tho Twin City Club, Minnea polis. In tho fust round thoro was a fine exhibition of sdenco; both mou displaying ' great finesse, but neither obtaining a por copt'iblo advantage. In the second refund Unhurt struck La Blancho a right-hander on tho jaw, and ropeated it with Ms left hand. La Blancho fell flat on his back, and remained unconscious for ten minutes. ? ? ? ?. ? I understand tho JDoolBy-Laing match lias been cried off, the former alleging as an excuso that ho would bo suro to bo arrested' if ho entered the ring again. This is a mistaken notion, as I havo it on the best authority that tho police dt- not intend to interfere so long ds.a limited round contest takes place within the walls' of a duly authorised club, such as tho -.??-??'? Australian Gymnastic Club. I'fitncy that Dooley doesn't care about spending tho necessary amount of time for training pur Poses. '-?#??; ? ? Billy Flimmer say3 of meeting DLxou to 8 finish : 'I am not one bit afraid of Georgo Dixon. My four-round bout with him shows that. Few persons thought I .had a ghost of a chance to stay four rounds ?with Dixon, and hundreds of his friendB did not beliovo I would put in an appear ance at tho Ciarduu. , I'll mako a match with Dixon at 1141b, weigh at tho ringside, and on no othor -conditions. I conceded woight to him at tlfo Gardon/and lie must now como to my terms. It was all woll enough for him .to dictate w'hen he had tho . upper hand. I was forced to accept tho conditions laid down by him or go without a match. Every man who has fought Dixon has had to abide by what Dixon Bays. Itj is my, turn, now to name terms. I am ready to fight any man in tliu world 1 atfll'Olb for2500dol or COOOdol aside, and I ydiild likyo little trouble in iw.cliiiif; that ?weight' ' At tho bath' after the bout in tho Gardon I weighed- 113J-lb. I repeat if Dixon is anxious to try uio to a finish he inuat agree 'to weigh 1111b. at the ring 